The Designated Driver

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2015-06-14 01:45

"Jaaaaaaaaaa-soooooooooon!!!!" Biz slurred cheerfully, draping her arms sloppily around his neck. "I'm over this place. Can we gooooooo?"

Jason blushed slightly at the unexpected touch, but smiled. "Yeah, I think the others are ready to head home, too."

Biz gave him an exaggerated, close-lipped grin, then turned back to the not-yet-empty drink in her hand.

Looking a few feet out on the dance floor, Jason locked eyes with Barry, the other designated driver for the night, who nodded and leaned down to shout in the ear of Jaycee, who he was dancing with. Jason continued move slowly through the crowd, constantly glancing back to keep an eye on Biz, until he found the remaining two members of their party, Chelsea and April. Both girls had determined the sample of eligible men at the bar that night unsatisfactory, so they were more than willing to leave.

As he pushed his way back to Biz, Jason felt a strong pulse from his bladder. Knowing it might take awhile to maneuver Biz to the car, he decided to visit the bathroom before leaving.

"Hey!" he shouted over the pulsing music to the tiny brunette. "Everyone's ready to go, I'm just gonna..."

"Good!" Biz interrupted, grabbing his hand. "I wanna go home. I'm bored and tired and..." Her voice trailed off into the din as she dragged Jason toward the exit, away from the restrooms.

Jason grimaced slightly, but if Biz was this determined to leave, then maybe she'd be less likely to get distracted. It wasn't that long of a drive back to their off-campus apartments, anyway, and the girls lived right across the hall, so as soon as he dropped them off, he could just go at home.

Biz leaned forward, as if she was using every inch of her petite body to forcefully pull Jason's 6'1" frame behind her. In reality, Jason knew she wasn't as drunk as she looked. Biz just liked to let loose when they went out, ignoring inhibitions and general, non-bar-related social constructs, no matter how much she actually drank. Tonight, she'd only had 2 or 3 beers over the course of a few hourse, which certainly rendered her an ineligible driver, but otherwise didn't impair her as much as she pretended it did.

Jason followed her obediently, half-smiling at her antics. Biz always got flirtatious when she drank, and Jason couldn't help but get his hopes up. She'd broken up with her boyfriend of 2 years in the fall, and now, in their last semester at university, Jason was torn between not wanting to push her into anything too soon, yet desperately wanting to make something of his ever-growing crush.

As Biz bouncily led him down the cement, poster-plastered stairs from the second floor of the bar, Jason winced, grateful to be behind her. As the designated driver, he hadn't had any alcohol, but it was warm and crowded in the bar, so he'd kept up a pretty consistent intake of ice water, all of which seemed to be collected in his bladder at once. He risked a quick grab of his crotch as Biz reached the landing and pushed open the door.

On the sidewalk, Barry, April, Chelsea, and Jaycee were waiting. Barry took one look at the way Biz was clutching Jason's hand and beamed. "Hey, man, why don't you take Biz and the rest of the girls can go in my car? They, uh..." Barry trailed off, unable to think of a good excuse besides "We all want you and Biz to get together, so we're giving you some alone time."

"We're just having a really in-depth conversation that we'd like to continue," Chelsea supplied, winking at Jason.

"About philosophy!" April added, while jaycee grinned in hyperbolic agreement.

Jason rolled his eyes, but Biz yelped in seemingly oblivious agreement. "Shotgun controls the radio!!" she cried, her voice booming in the comparatively quiet street.

Biz didn't let go of Jason's hand as they walked toward the car, keeping up a giggly chatter with the other girls. On any other night, he'd be thrilled with the physical contact and prospect of an uninterrupted drive home together. Now, he just wanted to get back to the apartment as quick as possible and get to the bathroom before Biz noticed he had to pee.

Barry gave Jason another dramatic wink as they reached the cars. Jason opened the passenger side door and gently ushered Biz into the seat before walking around the back of the car, pausing to squeeze his thighs together.

Biz reached for the radio buttons as soon as Jason turned the key. He pulled out ahead of Barry, easing onto the main road as Biz fiddled with the stations, finally settling on the All 80s Weekend from a local station.

Jason watched her out of the corner of his eye as she danced in her seat, shamelessly singing along to Duran Duran. Even in his increasingly desperate state, driving along the streetlamp-lit town roads, he was captivated by her gorgeous...

BANG!

Jason reflexively clutched the steering wheel with one hand, throwing the other arm out across Biz's chest. He slammed on the brakes as the car skidded sideways. He barely registered the sound of squealing tires as he managed to pull over to the side of the street and put the car in park.

Several stimuli assaulted Jason's sensed at once: Cool wind blew on the side of his face, alerting him to the shattered driver's side window. His hands were shaking. Biz's high-pitched voice beside him, asking if he was OK. And a slight trickle in his lap.

Shuddering, Jason pressed his legs together to stem the flow, slowed down his breathing, and turned toward Biz, gradually taking in what she was saying.

"Jason! Talk to me! Are you OK?!" Gone was the semi-intoxicated co-ed of a few seconds ago; Biz was frantic, yet seemed totally sober.

Jason nodded slightly, trying to reassure her as he took stock of his own injuries. "I'm fine, I'm..."

"You're bleeding!" Biz interrupted, reaching toward his face. Jason mimicked her movements, gently touching the left side of his head. His fingers came away bloody.

"It's fine," he repeated. "I just..."

"Hey!" Barry's voice interrupted as their friends approached the smashed car. Jason could hear Chelsea talking to an emergency dispatcher on the phone, describing the scene.

"Oh my God, you're bleeding!" April echoed Biz's assessment.

"No, I'm fine..." Jason's heart rate rose. He was far less worried about a scratch than he was about his already-damp boxers and still-full bladder. Even if he could just get out of the car and go behind a tree or something...

"Stay still!" Biz demanded as he started to reach for his seatbelt. "You could have a concussion!"

"The ambulance is on its way," Chelsea called, holding her hand over the mouthpiece of her phone. "They said less than five minutes."

Jason moaned softly, which Biz and April mistook for a sign of pain. "Does anything else hurt?" April asked, pressing Barry's handkerchief against the side of Jason's head.

"No, I'm fine," Jason lied. In truth, his back hurt, his head throbbed, and he generally felt just like you'd think he would after being t-boned by another car. But all he cared about right now was his bladder.

"Don't move," April ordered, keeping the handkerchief pressed against Jason's temple. "The ambulance will be here soon."

Sure enough, they heard sirens moments later. Jason squirmed in the driver's seat, trying to convince himself that the EMTs would look him over and pronounce him good to go...literally.

"Step aside, please!" A brutish, overly formal voice called. Jason looked up to see an angry-looking woman with hear hair pulled back in a sever bun. "Sir, can you tell me your name, please?" she barked, shining a flashlight in Jason's eyes.

"J-jason Erickson," he stammered, blinking in the harsh beam of light. "But I'm fine, I just have to..."

"Have you been drinking tonight, sir?"

"No!" Jason cried. "I'm the driver, the other guy just came out of nowhere!"

"We have a head laceration and potential spinal injury from direct vehicular impact..." the angry-looking EMT was apparently bored of asking questions and had started reciting notes to her partner.

"I don't have a spinal injury!" Jason started to panic as the EMTs rolled a backboard toward the car. "Please, I'm fine!" He twisted his legs together frantically.

"Sir, please stay still, this is standard procedure for all perpendicular vehicular collisions. You'll get some scans at the hospital." Angry EMT lectured as she strapped a c-collar around Jason's neck.

His head immobilized, Jason started to panic. "Please, please just..."

The EMT's hauled him carefully on to the backboard, fastening straps around his shoulders, waist, and legs. With his arms pinned to his side, Jason couldn't reach to hold himself. He clenched his pelvic muscles tightly as he was wheeled toward the ambulance.

"You, miss!" Angry EMT called. "You should come with us."

Jason groaned audibly as Biz climbed into the ambulance and sat next to him. "It's going to be OK," she murmured. "The others will meet us at the hospital."

Jason closed his eyes tightly. His stomach hurt from holding, and he was shaking from the effort. They hadn't even bothered to put a sheet over him or anything.

Angry EMT was shining a light in his eyes again as the ambulance pulled forward. "Can you tell me what year it is?"

"2015..." Jason muttered. "Can I..."

"Sir, I'm going to ask you again to stay still," the EMT grumbled, pulling slightly at the strap around Jason's waist. "You don't want to aggravate your injuries."

"I'm not injured, I just..."

The EMT furrowed her substantial brow and reached into her bag for a blood-pressure cuff. "Patient could be going into shock," she called to the driver.

A thin stream of urine slipped from Jason's immobilized body. His heart rate skyrocketed as his eyes flashed over to Biz, who was watching him intently from the back of the bench.

"P-please..." he begged, knowing he didn't have much longer.

"Sir, I'm gonna ask you to remain calm. We're almost there. Blood pressure 110 over 76!" she called out, as if the driver needed to know Jason's vitals.

The ambulance turned sharply, and Jason felt himself lose control. The small stream grew, and Jason felt the warm liquid seep into his jeans.

"No, no, no," he whispered. He couldn't move his hands to cover the stain, but he started shivering from fear and humiliation.

"Sir, stay calm!" The annoying EMT ordered in a not-at-all calming tone of voice. She pulled his eyes open to shine the flashlight again.

Jason flinched at the bright light, losing all control. Urine gushed through his strapped legs, soaking into his jeans and pooling on the backboard beneath him.

"Loss of continence," the EMT recited over Jason's broken whimpers. "Possible seizure activity."

Jason heard a quiet gasp from Biz. He couldn't turn away, so he just shut his eyes as he felt the hot pee soak into the back of his shirt on the flat surface. The stain grew down his legs, and urine spilled off the side of the backboard onto the gurney.

The female EMT never stopped moving, taking measurements and writing down notes as the ambulance pulled to a stop.

Jason finally opened his eyes as he felt the gurney bump onto the ground and roll toward the hospital doors.

"Male, 22 years old, vehicular collision," the EMT was reciting in an overly-important tone as they guided the gurney through the doors. "Head laceration, potential spinal injury, BP 110 over 76..."

Still strapped down, Jason looked away from the EMT to the woman in the white coat on the other side of the gurney. She looked to be in her late 40s or early 50s, with close-cropped blonde hair and glasses.

"Incontinent episode en route," the EMT's voice seemed to ring through the entire ER, and Jason's face flushed violently as they pulled him into an examination room.

The attending doctor, Peggy Rodgers, had been listening to the EMT's notes, but she had also been watching Jason closely. Despite the EMT's loft claims of head trauma, spinal injury, and possible seizure activity, Peggy didn't think Jason looked concussed or otherwise un-alert. When she looked at his face, past the blood from his head wound, all she saw was fear...and shame.

"OK, everyone out!" Dr. Rodgers called authoritatively. "If I'm going to assess this young man, I'm going to need space."

Cutoff mid-sentence, the female EMT blinked stupidly. "But...his stats..."

"Now!" Peggy shouted.

The EMT's (and Biz, who had been following them helplessly) backed out of the room. Dr. Rodger's pulled the curtains over the door and smiled encouragingly at Jason. "That's better," she began, walking over to the side of the gurney. "Now, can you tell me your name?"

"Jason Erickson," he whispered.

"Good," Dr. Rodgers said, checking the side of his head. "And can you tell me what happened?"

"W-we were driving home from the bar," Jason stammered. "I was the designated driver, it was just me and Biz in the car, she was singing, and then someone hit us..." Jason's voice hitched. "I never even saw the other car..."

"OK, that's OK..." Dr. Rodgers murmured soothingly, continuing her assessment. "And did you lose consciousness at any point?" She didn't want to humiliate the boy, but she needed to know the nature of his accident.

Jason blushed again. "No. I was awake the whole time."

"OK, honey, so can you tell me..." Dr. Rodgers gazed meaningfully at Jason, then down at his wet pants.

Tears pricked in Jason's eyes as he drew in a shaky breath. "I...I just had to pee," he breathed. He couldn't even hang his head with the c-collar on, but his whole body radiated shame. "Biz wanted to leave quickly, so we did, and then the guy hit us, and they strapped me to a board, and I..."

Jason's voice trailed off as the totality of the past half hour hit him all at once: his car might be totaled, he hadn't even gotten the license plate of the guy who hit him, he was in the emergency room, and he'd peed all over himself in front of the girl he had a crush on. A single tear slid down toward his right ear.

"You'll be OK, honey, it'll be fine," Dr. Rodgers patted Jason's arm. Her sons were around the same age, and she would hate to see them so vulnerable. "You won't need stitches for your head, just a few good butterfly bandages, but we are going to have to send you for an x-ray for your spine before we remove the collar."

Jason sniffled, but did his best to blink the tears out of his eyes. "OK."

"It's a quiet night here, so it'll be quick," Dr. Rodgers assured him. "Once we get the all-clear, I'll bring you something to change into."

Jason didn't even bother acknowledging that last statement. He couldn't nod, anyway, and his throat hurt from holding back sobs. He just lay there silently, waiting for the orderly to wheel him down to the x-ray lab. Dr. Rodgers had the grace to cover him with a sheet before leaving.

Thankfully, Dr. Rodgers was right, and there was no wait for the x-rays. Within 15 minutes, she was back in Jason's room, unstrapping him from the backboard after the pictures came back clear. She handed him a hospital gown and a large plastic bag for his clothes. "When you're changed, I'll come back and close up that cut on your head for you."

Jason muttered his thanks as she closed the door. Gingerly, he stripped off his cold, wet clothes and underwear. There was no shower in the examination room, so he ran a paper towel under the faucet to try to wipe some of the stickiness off his legs and back.

A few minutes later, Dr. Rodgers returned to apply bandages to Jason's head. She made quick work of it, then patted Jason on the shoulder. "This should close up pretty well in a few days, but no makeup or hair product for a week, OK?" Jason nodded and attempted a small smile. "Good. Now you have a group of friends in the waiting room for you. One of them asked to come in. Is that alright?"

Jason nodded, and April walked through the door as Dr. Rodgers left.

"Hey!" she looked relieved. "Thank God you're OK! We were all pretty freaked out when that bitch with the bun pulled out the backboard."

Jason didn't answer; he was too busy staring at the pile of clothes April held in her hands. "So Biz told you what happened?" he growled, more harshly than he intended.

"Wait, what?" April followed Jason's gaze. "Oh, we went back to your apartment to get you some clean clothes. Once Paramedic Bitch pulled out a backboard, we thought she might go all the way and cut off your clothes or something. Plus, there was a lot of blood, so we thought you might just want something clean to put on." She smiled and held the clothes out to Jason, but her face fell when she saw he was still scowling. "What...what would Biz have told us?"

Jason blushed furiously and grabbed the clothes. "Nothing," he muttered, hastily pulling on the jeans before unwrapping the hospital gown and pulling on the shirt. "It's fine."

"Jason..." April chided gently. She and Jason had been lab partners freshman year, so she'd known him longer than anyone else in the group. "I know it was a rough night, but it's all going to be OK. Your dad has great insurance for the car, and Barry got the details of the car that hit you to give to the cops. Biz isn't hurt at all, and it looks like your head's gonna be fine."

Jason glared at her as he sat down to put on his shoes. "Yeah, it's all sunshine and kittens."

"Hey, now," April sat on the bed next to him. "What's your deal?"

Jason grunted, but didn't respond.

"Seriously, Jase, what's going on? Everyone was so relieved to hear you weren't seriously hurt. What did we miss? Did you..."

"I had an accident, damnit!" Jason burst out. He was angry, tired, sore, and humiliated, and he didn't know how to handle it.

"Well, yeah, that's why we're here..." April replied, puzzled.

Jason sighed and slumped forward, resting his head in his hands. "No...in the ambulance," he said quietly. "I...I wet my pants. And Biz was there and she saw, and..."

"Oh, Jase," April put her arm around her friend's shoulders. "That sucks, dude. I'm so sorry."

Jason shrugged. "I just...on top of everything else...I can't even look at her now."

"She didn't say anything," April assured him. Jason looked up, disbelieving. "I swear," April continued. "We had no idea. She was so freaked out by all the shit that lady paramedic said. By the time we got here, she was a mess. She kept talking about how you 'saved' her by putting your arm out. She was convinced that was the reason you had this supposed spinal injury."

Jason stared at April intently, trying to see if she was lying to make him feel better. "Really?"

"I swear," April crossed her heart. "You were her hero tonight, dude." Jason smiled ever so slightly. "Even if you didn't *really* do anything particularly heroic," April continued, poking him in the ribs.

Jason laughed, then grimaced. "Ow! That side just got his by a car. Go easy."

April cringed. "Sorry." She stood up from the bed. "You ready to go home? We picked up my car from the apartment, so there's room for all of us between me and Barry."

Sighing, Jason grabbed her outstretched hand and let her pull him to his feet. He still didn't relish the idea of facing Biz, but knowing she'd kept his secret made him feel a bit better.

"Yeah," he replied, heading toward the door. "Let's just go home."

*005*2015-06-21 00:56

{{: 

This was amazing, as are all your stories!

}}

{{: 

This was so great! Loved it!

}}

{{: 

Have to agree with the above two, this is excellent.

}}

{{: 

The guys in your stories are always so freaking adorable! I love them all. :)

}}

Thank you all so much! I'm glad you liked it :) I'm moving soon, so I thought I'd get a few more stories posted before all my time is taken up with packing!

