Emily's Pretzel

Author: pdeferred

*000*2012-10-10 19:28

Note: This story contains mutual male and female desperation and wetting.

"Pretzels are glorious!"

I was sitting in the mall food court with my sister's friend Emily when she made the declaration, and I was, to put it mildly, less than sure about that. Nothing at the mall was open yet, not even the coffee shop, and I was trying to remember exactly how I got talked into getting out of a perfectly fine and warm bed to drive her to work.

Ah yes. My sister had divined that I had the hots for Emily. I also had a functional car, the day off, and had injudiciously mentioned that I was, maybe, going to the mall for a bit. You know. At a reasonable hour. When the sun was up and the stores were open.

The thing that clinched it was Emily mentioning maybe we could go shopping together after she got off work. Not that I wanted to go shopping with a girl, but it seemed a more than fair price for some quality time together getting dressed and undressed. It's not like I was hoping to *see* anything, but the idea of her trying on clothes seemed pretty intimate ... and one never knows where hanging out together might lead.

She did look like the cutest pretzel lady you've ever seen - a stretchy yellow blouse, short black skirt with chocolate brown tights, frilly yellow apron, heels and one of those fabric hats the evoke a sort of Germanic/Dutch feel without being authentic in any way. And she was bubbling over with enthusiasm - perhaps the effects of the coffee we'd picked up at 7-11.

We were deep in a discussion of the glory of pretzels, or the lack thereof, when she suddenly realized she was late for work. Our having arrived early. And sitting not 20 feet from the pretzel shop. She rushed off behind the counter somewhere, leaving me to skulk about the slowly wakening mall.

It turns out, if you thought there was nothing to do alone in a mall when it's open, there's *really* nothing to do in a mall when it's not. People-watching is reduced to following pods of ancient citizens who apparently belong to some sort of walking club, in the hope that one of them will have a sudden medical emergency. Window shopping is right out, as all the windows are dark. A spooky quiet pervades until they turn on the muzak.

I parked myself on a bench in front of an Express for a while - at least the lights in the windows were on. Plus, I figured there was always a chance to ogle some of the cute girls who work there as they arrived to open up. I began to imagine Emily wearing the display outfits - some really short skirts, tight jeans, low cut tops ... and the lingerie display. Oh yes.

There's only so long you can stare and daydream. I began to wonder if I should maybe go back and see how Emily was doing - plus I had to pee. Coffee working its way though. I had the momentary thought that the restrooms might be not be open yet, but of course they were. Standing facing the wall, as we so often do, I wondered if Emily needed to pee too. There's just something intimate about *knowing* a girl needs to go, knowing something so private about a person you're attracted to.

The food court was a little more bustling than when I had left. Some of the shops were open. Emily was standing out in front of the pretzel store with a tray of samples, looking perky as ever. She really was that stunning.

"Want a sample?" She was playing the part.

"Sure. I guess." I took one from the tray. They were pretty good, though short of glorious.

"I'm really not supposed to talk to friends..." she whispered.

"I was just stopping by to see how you were doing, that's all"

"Awwww... that's so nice of you!"

"So. How *are* you doing?" I deadpanned, hoping to get a laugh.

"Actually ... I really have to pee."

That was unexpected. Suddenly, my heart was in my throat. Something about the urgent way she whispered it ... the sudden shy confession, sharing an intimate detail about her most private sensations. I was shaking.

"Ummm..." { *Think of something to say, dammit* } "Do you get a break?"

"No! I'm only working three hours."

"Not even to pee?"

"No - my asshole boss won't let me."

"Oh." { *Shit, that was dumb.* } "I, um, gotta pee too."

"You do?"

{ *Fuck* That was *really* dumb. } "Um, yeah. Must be the coffee."

"Can you wait for me?"

"What?" { *WHAT?* }

"It would just ... help ... to know I'm not alone."

"Okay. Sure. I can ... um ... do that."

"Thanks - that's so sweet!" She seemed so happy about it.

My heart racing, I stumbled back into the mall. Talk about shared intimacy. I wanted to go back, to watch her standing there needing to pee in that short skirt, but I was feeling a little guilty and very light headed. So I walked, thinking.

My guilt lifted a little as it developed that I really did need the toilet again. I had not, after all, told her that I'd not been to the restroom, just that I needed to pee. And I *did* in fact need to pee again now. I could only imagine that Emily *really* had to go at this point. I went back to check up on her.

She was still out in front of the shop with a tray, as perky as ever, but looking more tense, uncomfortable to my now-informed gaze. Our eyes met and she gave a little grimace, raising and crossing her right knee in front of her. I made a face and bent forward - it *was* more comfortable that way. I felt full and had imagined she'd be frantic. Maybe she was just hiding it well.

"Sample?" She was just doing her job. With a big smile.

"When do you get off?"

"An hour. Can't talk." she was still whispering, nodding her head toward the counter, where an older Asian woman was glaring in our direction. "Gotta pee so bad!" she added.

"Me too. Can you hold it?"

"Don't know. Can't talk." The Asian woman glared harder. I took a sample and stumbled off again.

I really wanted to pee at this point. I had to consciously control my bladder, twisting my hips or surreptitiously grabbing myself through my pocket. Sitting down helped a bit, but the fact that I was sitting in front of the restrooms didn't. I imagined poor Emily, standing there with a tray in one hand, even more full than me, willing herself to hold it just a little longer and not show her need.

Sitting with an overfull bladder watching the stream of people going into the restrooms, I began to bargain with myself. Emily would never know. I could just go in and let a little pressure out. Maybe just, you know, wash my hands and think about it. But I was already feeling guilty about having gone earlier and not coming clean ... so I held it and thought of Emily in front of the pretzel shop.

With about twenty minutes to go, I had to pee badly. Though I didn't want to see Emily humiliated, I really did want to see her trying to control herself, maybe leaking just a little bit in her panties. "Don't know." she had said. I found it very sexy - an admission of weakness, of need, of taboo. *Knowing* she was on the edge was very exciting to me. Feeling on the edge myself - knowing that I was feeling the same urges she was feeling in those most private parts - was an incredible sensation.

I found a seat at a table where I could see her - still there with the samples - and I figured she could probably see my legs underneath the table, twisting and scissoring when the urge struck particularly hard. I was beginning to wonder if *I* would make it another twenty minutes, much less her. She was bouncing in place now, her need obvious to my eyes, doing a little dance and occasionally grabbing herself from behind, under her skirt when she thought nobody was looking. Our eyes met and she mouthed something to me - I wasn't sure what she said, but I mouthed back "Me Too!".

It's hard to describe how that twenty mintues went. My heart was racing, trying to divine from each shiver, each clenched fist or raised leg, whether Emily was going to wet herself. Meanwhile, I was dealing with my own increasingly insistent desire to just *pee*, having to clamp down on a bladder that very much wanted to empty itself into my jeans. Resisting the temptation to just get up and find relief.

The last few minutes, I kept glancing at the clock - I wasn't sure exactly when she would be done, but I was pretty sure it was soon. What I thought was twenty mintues passed ... and then another five crept by. Oh come *on*. I was thinking less about Emily and more about my own problems with each passing moment, and then suddenly, I looked up. And Emily was gone.

Finally! I imagined her running back there, ripping down those beautiful tights and letting it all gush out in orgasmic relief. I wished I could have seen it - wondered whether she'd wet herself just a little bit. Struggled with the fabric in front of the toilet. Wondered if it would be okay to ask about that sort of thing. But I had my own problems to deal with - gathering my mental strength, giving myself one final long squeeze under the table, I got up to head urgently toward the restrooms, hanging onto dignity by a thin thread of self control.

I was concentrating so hard on holding it, I almost ran into her.

"Hey there! Where are you going?"

"Um. The restroom?" She had taken off that silly hat and unbuttoned the top of her blouse. She had a pretzel in a paper bag in one hand, and her purse in across her shoulder.

"Can I come too?" She was flirty, and still squrimy.

"Didn't you go?"

"No! There's no toilet back there!" I noticed her hand was pressed into the front of her skirt, hidden behind the purse. She was still holding it!

"Oh. Wow. Are you ... okay?" I wanted to ask if she was wet.

"I *really* have to pee, but yeah. How about you?"

"I'm okay. I've got to go bad too." In fact, I didn't think I could hold it much longer, but I didn't want to show weakness. Especially when I'd actually peed once more than her.

"The let's go shopping!"

"Whu?"

"I can wait a while longer. Can't you?"

If only she wasn't so sexy, standing there squirming in that blouse and those heels. If only I wasn't so fascinated by the idea that she might wet herself. If only I wasn't feeling guilty about having peed already that morning. If only she wasn't so damn attractive and bubbly. I might have answered that question honestly.

"Sure," I said, "where do you want to go?"

We moved quickly among the racks at that Express store - she stopping occasionally and pretending to consider the label on a dress, hands between her thighs. Me doing the same as waves of urgency hit, apprehensive because I was not, technically, in the market for women's clothing. She found a light blue sun dress, a pair of jeans, and a thin, lacy black top. She seemed to have found what she wanted, and I was anticipating being able to relieve myself without humiliation. Maybe. If I could make it that far.

"I'm going to try them on." The announcement is never a welcome one.

"Ummm..." I was about to announce that I was splitting for the restrooms possibly before I wet myself, Emily's outfit be damned.

"Come on - you can tell me how they fit!"

Tight. They would fit tight over that bursting bladder of yours. Or semi-transparently on top. I had to pee like nothing else, and was seriously wondering if it would show if I let out just a little bit in my briefs, but you've got to have priorities in life. Like seeing pretty girls in short skirts that they could wet at any second. I was also seriously mystified as to how Emily could still even think straight, much less change clothes in her state.

I found a chair in front of the changing rooms, and further found that if I straddled the corner just right and didn't move an inch, it blocked off the effects of all but the worst spasms. I could also see under the door of the changing room as Emily slipped off her heels and did a barefoot dance. I imagined the contortions she was going through to change out of her skirt and top while staying in control of her bladder.

Finally, the lock clicked and she came out, back in the heels, still smiling.

"How is it?" She twirled in front of me, and the dress rose up.

"Turn around." She turned again, and I admired the way thin fabric fell over her occasionally tensing butt for as long as I dared.

"Gorgeous!" And it was gorgeous. Emily fled back into the changing room.

More foot movement - it took longer this time. The edge of the chair was beginning to lose its effect when she finally re-appeared in her original skirt and the sheer top. Her bra was lilac and frilly, nipples obviously erect underneath. She twirled again.

"What happened to the jeans?" She was running in place.

"Oh - they ... didn't fit." I had seen her messing with them under the door.

"Well - the top is gorgeous as well."

The last change took a long time. Or maybe it just seemed that way, but there were a lot more pauses and a lot less changing.

"Um. I think we'd better get going." She seemed in a hurry now. Finally.

"Are you going to get any of that stuff?"

"Nah - maybe not this time."

"But it looked *good* on you." Seriously, it did.

"Well - I still think we'd better go."

She grabbed my hand and pulled me out of the store. I really wished I had that hand to deal with my now extremely angry bladder. Freed from the chair corner, the spasming was suddenly extra-strong, and I felt like I was going to lose control any second. In fact, it felt damp down there, like I'd already spurted just a little despite my best efforts. I hoped it wasn't visible.

I had thought that Emily was heading for the nearest restrooms, like any sane desperate person, but no: following blindly and holding back for all I was worth, I was surprised when I saw sunlight - we were at the mall exit.

"What about ... the restroom?" I was pretty frantic.

"I think I can wait until we get back to your place."

"Well, I..." I didn't want to admit defeat. By a girl. Playing with a one pee handicap.

"It's not that far, right?"

"Um. Yeah." I was running out of willpower.

But I really did, at that point, want to see Emily finally lose control. Not, you understand, because I thought she'd be happy about it. But it really was sexy knowing she had to pee so badly, knowing she had those feelings between her legs. Knowing she was almost surely going to be overwhelmed by base urges. It wasn't going to happen in the mall restrooms - at least I wouldn't be there to see it happen. And if my own condition was any guide, it was going to happen soon. Before we got to my place.

We hobbled out to the car, trying to stand straight and not hold ourselves where people could see us. I had the keys ready, and went over to open the passenger door and let her in like a gentleman. And like the desperate gentleman than I was, there, between the cars, I dropped the keys.

And then it happened. We both bent down, reflexively, to pick them up, and on my way back up, bladder suddenly spasming from the bending over, I felt my ear hit the luscious softness of Emily's chest. Hard. She gave a yelp and stumbled backwards - I guess she had leaned over me and wasn't expecting me to come up so fast. I wasn't expecting to grope her with my ear, either.

I felt it coming, I knew, even as I grabbed myself hard and held back with everything I had. There was no stopping it, no hope of control as my bladder tried to empty itself. I could feel my urethera filling up, ballooning with the pressure until it was painful, blocked only by my fingers clamped clumsily on the tip. And with one last spasm, a slug of hot pee burst into my briefs. And uncontrollably, another one. And another one, leaving a big wet patch on the front on my jeans.

Finally pinching it off, I turned to see Emily bent double, facing away from me, hands jammed between her legs, and a trickle of yellow pee pulsing down the back of her tights. She turned, straightening and still holding herself.

"Sorry! I'm so sorry! I just..." She was staring at the spot between my legs.

"Emily, it's okay. Weird, but..." She looked so sexy, hands jammed into the damp fabric.

"I tried *so* hard."

"I know. It's okay."

"Is it? You're not grossed out?" She was still mesmerized.

"No. It's just pee."

"Okay."

I still had to pee, and from the looks of it, so did she.

"But screw it - I'm not getting these jeans any wetter." I turned away, unbuttoning and then struggling to push the wet cotton fabric of my briefs aside.

I heard it before I had even started. The hissing and spatter. I could not help myself - I wanted to see it so very much - I turned to look and saw her squatting on the ground, skirt raised and peeing a torrent through her tights onto the pavement. She stared back, unashamed, at the my own stream gushing out, and then into my eyes.

Relief felt so good - the pulsing sting of overtaxed muscles finally able to relax. We were both breathing hard. It felt even better knowing exactly what she was feeling. We sat on the bumper next to each other in the sun, legs spread, drying out. For a long time.

"I'm so sorry." She was still worried.

"No. It's okay. Really." And I meant it.

"I just ... don't like using the mall restrooms."

"Well ... you could have told me. We could have been home..."

"But I *wanted* to go shopping. With you."

"And you did, didn't you?"

"Yeah. Guess so." She smiled that big smile again.

"Guess so."

"Pretzel?" She produced that bag, the pretzel was still warm.

"Sure."

"Pretzels *are* truly glorious!"

"Yes. Yes, they are."

