Game of Thrones, Daenerys

Author: SummerDress

*000*2016-01-01 15:16

This is my second fiction story that I've written for this website. This time it revolves around Daenerys Targaryen from Game of Thrones/ A song of Ice and Fire. This takes place a few days after her wedding to Khal Drogo. I hope you enjoy it and let me know what you think.

She sat upon the steed as it rocked gently back and forth. The city was now barely visible behind her and the buildings by the roadside were slowly becoming plainer,poorer and less frequent. The Summer sun shone down harsh and unforgiving and other than their band there was not a soul to be seen.

The Dothraki horde stretched for miles into the distance behind her. As the new Khaleesi she rode at the head with only Khal Drogo and his bloodriders before her. Her brother and Ser Jorah rode a few feet behind her, much to Visery’s anger. Her handmaidens Irri, Jhiqui and Doreah walked beside her.

Daenerys was dressed as a typical Dothraki women, she was wearing a roughspun tunic laced up the front and leather riding breeches. Her long silver hair was tied behind her in a braid similar to her new husband’s and it bounced lazily behind her with the movement of her horse. She was barefoot in the stirrups and as usual she wore no small clothes. That was never a problem when she wore silken dresses back in Pentos but the tunic itched her chest horribly and the breeches felt strange against her bare.

They had set out at dawn, leaving the city without ceremony while she was still half asleep. Although they had only been riding for a few hours she was already exhausted, she had never ridden for so long before and never in such heat. She had been drinking greedily from the water skin and was now beginning to pay the price for she felt a great need to make water.

Drogo was laughing happily up ahead of her and showed no intention to stop anytime soon.

She had felt the need for a while now and had done her best to ignore it, but being unable to cross her legs and her constant thirst were taking their toll. She knew she couldn't wait for much longer.

She leaned down and quietly whispered to Irri. “Do you think we're gonna stop soon?”

The handmaiden looked up at her with confused eyes, for a moment Dany didn't think she understood the common tongue but then she replied “Dothraki don't stop till the Khal say we stop”.

“ And when will that be?” She inquired further hoping it'll be soon.

“Not before moonrise, maybe later if Khal say so” Jhiqui butted in.

Dany’s eyes widened and she sat up straight in the saddle, it wasn't even noon yet. Her need only seemed to get worse with this revelation and she winced slightly.

This didn't escape her handmaidens.

“Is something the matter Khaleesi?” asked Doreah, who seemed to be fluent in the common tongue.

Dany saw no other choice but to tell her.

“We have to stop” she whispered bashfully “ I need to make water”.

Doreah nodded in understanding and rattled off a few words in Dothraki to translate to the other handmaidens.

“Ah, Khaleesi needs a piss” stated Irri far too loudly.

“Shhhh” Dany urged and darted her head backwards to see if Viserys heard, but her brother was engrossed in showing off his sword to a bored Ser Jorah and didn't seem to notice.

“There's nothing to be embarrassed about” assured Doreah “it’s perfectly normal considering how much you’ve drank”

Jhiqui nodded in agreement “We surprised Khaleesi didn't piss sooner”.

Dany felt her cheeks flush, they had obviously been expecting this. “So does this mean we can stop?”

“Oh no, Horde don't stop for Khaleesi’s bladder” Irri stated.

“Then what am I supposed to do?” Dany was getting worried now and her need was only getting worse, she’d start leaking soon she knew.

Doreah looked up at her with understanding. “There are over forty thousand Dothraki in the Horde, we all can't stop every time someone needs to urinate” she pointed forward to the Khal and his bloodriders. “Do you see the pouches by their saddles, they aren't full of water”

Dany gulped at this realisation but it did nothing to help her. “But I can't go in a pouch, I don't have a….spout”

“Yes, things are much more difficult for us women” Doreah agreed “ You’ll just have to go in the saddle I'm afraid”.

Dany’s eyes widened once again and she felt a small spurt leave her sex, she couldn't just go in the saddle, she went to protest but couldn't find the words.

Doreah tried to reassure her “It’s okay Khaleesi, all Dothraki women wet themselves at some stage”

“It is known” chimed Irri and Jhiqui in unison.

“Even you?” Dany asked shocked.

“Yes, even us” Doreah responded “ We aren't aloud to leave the Khaleesi’s side for any reason so we must go as we walk”

Dany was convinced that this had to be some sort of jape “Prove it, then”.

Doreah once again spoke to the others in Dothraki and they both giggled but Irri spoke up, “ I’ll go, Khaleesi”.

Dany was still sure that this was some sort of cruel joke until she noticed Irri sigh and seem to relax. To Dany’s astonishment she began to urinate while still walking. Her leather breeches grew slightly darker in her crotch and streams of yellow liquid appeared out of her pant cuffs halfway up her calves. It continued to flow down her legs and left wet footprints in the dirt behind her. After about twenty seconds she stopped going, her legs and feet were soaked and her breeches were stuck to her thighs, but she didn't seem to mind at all and looked up at Daenerys with a smile on her face as if expecting praise.

“T-thank you, Irri”, Dany stammered out, bewildered.

Irri beamed with gratitude and began gloating to Jhiqui in Dothraki.

Doreah looked back up at Dany “She, it's perfectly normal, no one even noticed”.

It was true, Viserys was continuing his boasting to a now sleeping Ser Jorah and no other Dothraki seemed to have taken notice.

Dany finally realised it was her only choice, her bladder was full to bursting and she felt that she leaked a bit more during Irri’s wetting. She checked once again to make sure her brother was oblivious and then leaned forward to rub the main of her horse “I’m sorry about this girl, but I got to go”.

She sat back in her saddle, closed her eyes and let go. Her bladder wasted no time in voiding herself and a steady stream began to flow out of her sex. She felt the warm liquid begin to fill the crevice between her lips in a manner that wasn't entirely unpleasant. The find silvery hair between her legs was promptly soaked and became heavy. The flow continued downwards and began to wet her buttocks which was numb from riding. Her liquid soaked her cheeks and rose up the crack between them, wetting her entire behind in the process. When her breeches couldn't hold anymore it began to flow down her legs and leak out into the saddle. The streams tickled as they made their way down her legs before dripping off her feet in tiny drops. She was surprised at how relaxing it felt and a slight moan escaped her lips. Her lower half felt as if it was immersed in one of the hot baths she loved so much. She was surprised to find that she actually enjoyed that.

Her wetting was far longer than Irri’s and lasted close to a minute. At the end she was left sitting in a warm puddle and her breeches were soaked. Her horse didn't seem to even notice what she had done and thankfully neither had her brother.

Her handmaidens were looking up at her expectantly, Irri was already mostly dry.

“Khaleesi feeling better?” Jhiqui asked.

Daenerys sighed contently, “Yes much better, thank you”. She was still sore from riding but she was happy to have finally gone, and felt quite relaxed as a result. At least there was something she found she enjoyed about Dothraki culture.

