Crissy has to Pissy

Author: pppanty

*000*2013-07-28 05:07

This is my first Fanfic. Please give me feed back on what you do and do not like. I am not much of a writer, but if this story turns out well, I will consider doing another one. Please enjoy.

Crissy is a 18 year old girl with long flowing blonde hair. She stands at 5'8", is slender, and slightly curvy in all of the right places. Today she is wearing a bright yellow skirt down to her knees, white panties with tiny blue spots, a white shirt, and has a a ponytail.

Crissy is walking down to her friend's house. It is a 2 mile walk, but it feels like it's going to be a much much longer walk. Crissy has to pee so badly. Her stomach has been aching for about twenty minutes. She still has three quarters of the way to go, and she does not want to turn back now. She takes in a deep breath, stands up, and marches on. Moments later she is squirming. She fears a leak and an ultimate wetting! She starts to run; however her bladder forces her to slow to a jog. Crissy keeps calm, and carries on. The path to her friend's is flat and smooth; easing the pain deep inside her. She is now halfway there. A few drops go into her panties. Crissy immediately checks her self, and she finds a quarter sized patch at the bottom of her panties. Crissy lets out a small whimper and picks up her speed.

Crissy races to her friend's house, but it is still just over a half mile away! She tries to hold on. Putting a hand to her crotch seems to help, but not for long. She begins to cry. Her desperation is reaching unbearable. Crissy lets out a few splashes! Her panties are very damp, her inner thighs are dripping, and her right foot has a few drops resting on it.

Crissy makes it to her friend's house eventually. Her panties are soaked and warm. Her friend, Jenny, can see it in her face, and the back of her skirt.

"Oh you poor baby, I'll get your clothes washed right away, and I will let you borrow something of mine."

Jenny gives a loving kiss to Crissy's forehead. They both blush at that little intamante moment.

"Thank you Jenny, I guess we're even from that slumber party last week."

"Yes, yes we are."

Jenny and Crissy both smile as a bath is heated for two.

Remember more to come if you enjoyed! I look forward to all the feedback!

