The River (FW/domination)

Author: circle420

*000*2012-11-17 11:43

"This is gonna be awesome," Alice said to her boyfriend Zach.

"Yeah, I'm pretty stoked," he laughed in response as they walked into the theatre hand in hand. They'd just bought tickets to the latest horror movie out on the big screen and a soda for each of them. A quick puff from something sticky and green had left them floating and dry in the mouth.

They took their seats at the very back if the room and got comfortable. Both of them quickly gulped at their drinks throughout the previews making small talk about which movies they wanted to go see next.

Soon, the movie was on and Alice had drunk half her soda. It was pretty scary too. She actually jumped a few times, and cuddled up next to Zach for “protection.” She’d just finished the last of her drink when she noticed she had to use the bathroom. She decided she could wait until the end of the movie and snuggled closer to Zach.

When the movie ended, Alice had forgotten all about the pain in her abdomen. They walked right out of the theatre and were on the road to their next destination when she finally remembered. The last half of that drink had caught up with her. She was squirming in the car seat.

“What’s wrong babe?” Zach asked her, noticing her discomfort.

“I have to pee,” she told him.

Zach considered this. He had an idea, an idea that made his pants stir thinking about it. With that, he said, “Hold it, babe.”

“What?” she was confused.

“You heard me.”

Alice thought about this. She loved it when Zach dominated her. It made her weak in the knees. She decided to go along with whatever this was. “Alright…”

Zach parked at a local playground and turned to Alice. “Let’s go for a walk?”

Alice nodded and opened her door. They took each other’s hands and set off on a trail leading to a nearby river. The summer sun was beating down on them, making them sweat. Alice was growing increasingly more aware of the pressure building in her bladder. She knew she wasn’t going to last much longer.

“Zach, I really have to pee. I think I’m gonna lose it,” she stammered.

“Well, there’s no bathroom around here, babe,” Zach taunted her. “And, I brought a little something.”

“What?”

Zach produced a pair of handcuffs from his back pocket and snapped one on one of Alice’s wrists before she had time to register it.

“Where the fuck did you get those?!” Alice was shocked. Handcuffs?

Zach pulled her arms behind her and around the nearest tree, cuffing her to the tree. “Drink this.” He held a bottle of water to her lips. Alice broke under the pleasure of being dominated like she was, and drank the water as he force-fed it to her. It ran down her chin and onto her white shirt, illuminating her breasts. Zach liked this.

“How bad is it, baby?” Zach asked her, pressing on hand solidly on her pelvis. She squeezed her legs together in response.

“I’m gonna pee my pants,” she cried. “Please let me go…”

“It seems that that’s your only option, my love.” He refused her.

It was only a minute before she gasped, clenching her legs together tighter, and lost control of her muscles. The denim on her shorts grew darker and the liquid glistened in the sunlight as it poured over her bare legs and splashed to a puddle in the mixture of sand and dirt below her.

Zach forced a hand between her legs to feel the stream escaping her. It was warm and gave him and instantaneous boner. She was whimpering softly as the stream subsided and her bladder emptied. Soon after, though, she as relieved.

Zach unbuttoned her shorts and pulled them down to her ankles. Her pink cotton panties were soaked and sparkling around her crotch. He massaged her clit outside of her damp panties, feeling himself jump inside his pants with excitement.

He slid his hand into her panties and felt her opening. It was silky and wet and teasing him. He pushed a finger inside her and listened to her moan.

“Oh, Zach…” Alice whispered. “I’m gonna cum already.”

“Cum for me, babe,” he encouraged her. And she did. Her fluids flowed over his fingers and into her panties.

“Come on,” Zach said, unlocking her handcuffs, “We should go for a swim.” And they ran together, hand in hand, into the river.

*003*2012-11-18 11:10

Thanks guys. I've written more too. (:

