The missed penalty

Author: Guest Dunkel

*000*2015-07-16 14:22

- English ain't my mothers tounge, so i excuse myself for the bad spelling and terrible grammar.

Last summer the regional women football team had played a great season. They had the big chance to soar up to the semi-professional football division. Maybe it's not champions League and they only had up to 80 visitors at there games, but still it was a big deal. If they could win against there local rivals, who were also contender to get into the next Divion. So it was some kind of a final, when both teams met at the last Matchday. Laura was striker, the star of the team and had played a great season, scoring 22 goals. She was just 19 years old, a cute redhead with a well shaped body and a stunning smile. Everybody loved her, not only because she could score a goal from nearly every position, she also had a lot of charisma. She was small, only 1,62m height, but fast and agile like a weasel. Because of that - and her red hair- she was called "the weasel".

It was a really hot day, when they had there last Match, nearly 40°C. There was no cloud at the sky and the hot air was dry and heavy. It was an away game and they had to play at the opponets court. For that, they were dressed in light blue football jersey. As usual, Laura was number 22, her lucky number and was set from the beginning. During the first 45 minutes, lauras team was aggressiv, they head for the opponents box nearly every minute. Laura had 12 shots at the goal, but the goalkeeper was always at guard. During half time Laura drank two bottles of water, the heat was nearly unbearable. When the second half started, Lauras team was hit off guard. Marlene, the team captain, lost the ball at midfield and the opponent team scored an easy goal. Only one easy pass towards the defense and the tables had turned. The opponents striker shipped the ball easily into the net.

During the complete second half, Lauras team tried to fight them back into the game, but the opponents defence was to strong. Every time they tried to score, there was no way trough. With a score of 0:1 , they would stay at there current division, a great season, but no efforts at last. It was nearly hopeless, not only the opponent was in lead, they also had there whole fans at there side, sheering and shouting against Laura and there team. When the regular 90 Minutes had passed, the situation seemd decided. The referee was about to end the game, when Marlene played a genius pass towards the defensive Lines and served Laura the ball. Laura was standing perfectly and was about to score the 1:1, when a defender knocked her off her feet. The referee blew the whistle and pulled out the red card. A penalty only seconds before the final whistle! A 1:1 would be enogh to keep the better comparison.

The visitors were shouting and howling. Laura was chosen to kick the penalty. She never felt that nervous. Her heart was pounting in her chest and she could nearly breathe. Her knees felt like pudding, when she tried to focus on the final shot. She watched the opponents Goalkeeper, a tall blonde girl of her age, with an resolute look at her face. Nobody would blame the keeper, if she would score the goal, but if a striker misses, it would be tragic. Laura focused on the long right corner, trying to keep her mind clear. She ignored her pounting heart, her shaking knees and all the howling an shouting around her. But then she realised that the group of girls behind the goal, pointing at her and laughing.

Before Laura could realised what was going on, the blonde goalkeeper was laughing too and pointing at her shorts with her finger. " She's peeing! She's peeing her pants! Look! uhh, gross!", the girl shouted. Then Laura felt the warm wettness between her legs, running down her tights and football socks, forming a puddle between her shoes. It wasn't sweat, she was so nervous, she was peeing her pants in front of nearly a houndred witnesses. Her short sport tights, she wore under her shorts, were soaking wet within seconds and a dark blue stain formed visible on her light blue soccer shorts.

She tried to regain control, but started do panic, when the referee whistled for the penalty, Laura was to perplexed to keep her mind on the ball. When she was running at the ball, she felt the wetness down her tights,shorts and socs, so she couldn't concentrate. Her shot was weak and placed badly, sp the goalkeeper fished it easily off the air. The referee blew the whistle. The game was over. Not only her team didn't reach the next division, not only she had missed the penalty - Laura had peed her shorts in front of everybody. She sank down to her knees, cowering her face with her hands and cried.

While she was down on her knees, she could feel the embrassing wetness and hear the laughter. While the opponet team was celebrating, Lauras team was leaving the field with lowered heads. It felt like an eternity, till Marlene came towards her, to comfort her, lift her up and escord her towards the gloating opponents into the dressing room. It was the darkest day in lauras whole sport careere. Her teammates looked at her in disbelief but exept for Marlene, no one said a word. After the shower, Marlene brought her home directly. no party, no nothing. A really terrible day for the weasel..

