Dropped in a new world Arc 1

Author: lightman

*008*2018-05-29 20:30

Bab and I really hadn't spoken much since then. I looked into any possible solutions to the curse, but sadly we couldn't use any of them without going further north. So I had to accept that I couldn't get rid of the bracelets for a while. Maybe when Bab got older, we could try to remove the curse then.

We were currently still in Pa’a, only because we still had a debt to Fran. Once that was paid, I was taking Bab back, and we'd stay in the village where it was safer, and other people could help me deal with Bab.

I'd become so paranoid about her safety that I didn't even bother taking her with me on jobs anymore. I took Bab to Fran’s, who made Bab into a temporary assistant while I went on the jobs. I also made sure I was always back within 4 hours.

“Alex, I know you're scared of having Bab hurt, but that curse is hurting her far worse,” Fran told me when I got back from a job.

“It's for her own safety,” I told Fran, who just gave me a weird look.

“Look I love that girl, and I love the extra help, even if it’s just getting input; but this fighting between you two has to stop,” Fran told me as she grabbed my arm.

“We're not fighting,” I told her and had her release my arm.

“Right; you just don't bother talking to each other anymore. It's no different,” Fran told me.

Sadly she was right: it was no different, but I didn't know anything to say to her. What could I say to her? After what happened, I just couldn't think of anything.

“Look, why don't we make a deal?” Fran told me as she took a seat behind her counter. “As you've probably seen, there's a festival coming up, right?”

Fran was talking about the posters up all over the place. But because I'd been busy, I hadn't paid much attention to them.

“I've seen the posters, but I don't know much about it,” I told Fran.

So she explained it to me. When Pa'a was made, it was placed right on top of a particular monster’s migration route. The Pylons are a monster that looks like a type of Griffin without wings or eyes, and which follows a strict migration route. Every 3 years they come running into the city from the south gate and exit the east. No one knows why they do this and every attempt at stopping them has led to failure.

Then the kingdom had an idea: instead of stopping the pylons, why not make a path for them? Now, every year, walls of ice and earth are prepared to make a path in the city for the Pylons to run through. Now it has become a festival held every 3 years.

“Ok, so what does that have to do with me?” I asked.

“I want you and Bab to sign up for ‘Guard Duty,'” Fran told me.

While the walls help lead the Pylons, they are still wild monsters who, on occasion, have jumped over the walls. Under normal circumstances, the royal guard would be able to defend the citizens. On this day, however, they will be stretched thin, and placed in places where they would be of more use. So the royal guard asks ‘adventurers’ to help fill in any gaps, and help civilians should any Pylons breakthrough.

“If you take the job and take Bab with you, then we can call your debt to me over,” Fran told me.

“But what do you get out of this?” I asked, very curiously.

“Nothing. But if you're so set on taking Bab home, then make this the last adventure she will get for a while,” Fran told me.

“But this could be dangerous! I don't want her going through that!” I told Fran, with my voice rising a bit. Why was I even getting mad about it?

“Just as dangerous as the trip back to the village!” Fran yelled back.

We both stared at each other. Both mad over Bab, who was in Fran’s house waiting for me. I didn't want to see Bab hurt. But the more I thought about it, the more Fran was right. No matter what I did, it would still be the same when we left. Best to just do this job, and go as soon as possible.

“Ok Fran, you win. Bab and I will take the job.” I told her.

###

Two days later, Bab and I found ourselves in a large alleyway with 4 people in front of us. After picking up Bab from Fran’s the other day, we signed up for the job. We were assigned a location to look after, and we were to work with another team as well.

“Excuse me sir, but I must ask you take your child and find a better spot to watch the migration,” one of the 4 people there told me.

This guy was a member of the royal guard and was assigned to this position to make and keep up an earth wall.

“We’re actually assigned here; we’re adventurers,” I told the guard, and showed him our paperwork proving we were who we said we were.

“Wait, you're really an adventurer?” a boy of about 13 asked, as he walked up to Bab, before looking at me. “Why would you partner with some kid?”

“Danilo! Don't be so rude,” a woman scolded the boy.“I'm sorry for that. He’s still young. My name is Enedina, Danilo is my son and Alan over there is his partner,” she told me and gestured to another guy sitting on a few boxes.

The 3 of them were far different than me and Bab. All three of them had top of the line gear, by the look of it. Even the boy had specially made armor.

Enedina then told me who they were. They were royalty, with Danilo being one of the late king’s sons. The king had 3 sons with 3 different women; and with the king's passing, over a year ago, the 3 were trying to seize the throne.

The oldest tried to take it for himself, believing that because he was the oldest the right to rule belonged to him. However, the throne disagreed. The magic on the throne is special. When the ruler of the kingdom dies, then a child of the ruler of the same gender will become the next ruler. However, if there is more than one, then the three must either prove themselves worthy of the throne or fight to the death for it. If there is no heir to the throne, then it will be left vacant until it finds someone it finds worthy. If it doesn't, then it will place a curse on them, forcing them to leave the city and never return.

With the oldest prince bearing this curse, it was decided that the two younger brothers would fight for the throne. They had one year to prepare to fight, or somehow be deemed worthy of the throne.

Shortly after this decision was made, the summoning crystals summoned new warriors. The crystal in Pa’a summoned Alan, and prince Danilo decided to form a bond with him. Should he become king, he promised to use his resources to send Alan back home.

Enedina was once an adventurer when she was younger before she met the king and had her son. She had planned on forming the bond with Danilo to help make him stronger, but he didn't want to be stuck with his mother at all times. Which is why he chose Alan to bond with. He was someone not fully under his mother’s control and was able to get away with some things. But she did act like a guard for her son until he was to become king.

“Shouldn't you have guards with you or something?” I asked them. If they were royalty, then they would always be protected?

“Normally yes but because today is a special day they were reassigned to protect the people,” Enedina explained. She then whispered into my ear. “This ally is special as it has never had a Pylon come through here, so we are still very safe. This is most likely why we were placed here.”

Hearing that I felt a lot better. This means it was a lot easier to keep Bab safe.

“Hey, want to go see when the Pylons will get here?” Danilo asked Bab who at first tried to scoot away from the boy.

“It's ok Bab, go play with him for a bit.” I smile down at her, and she gave me a worried look that said she really didn't want to go. But the prince had already grabbed her hand and pulled her towards the wall to look out for the monsters.

“So I take it you're also from the other world?” Alan asked me.

“Ya really wasn't expecting all of this,” I told him and decided to tell them some of our adventures. But was stopped halfway thru when we heard Bab scream followed by a loud slap!

“You disgusting pervert!” Bab yelled followed by the boy's mother shouting her son's name and rushing over to him.

“How dare you hit a prince!” the women yelled at Bab not even hearing what Bab had said.

“Bab, what happened?” I asked her.

“That fucking pervert grabbed my chest!” she yelled furiously.

“What type of language is that?” Alan asked.

“She said your son grabbed her chest,” I told Enedina who was helping her son up. Is face bright red from the slap.

“LIES!” he yelled. “She just slapped me for no reason!”

“That girl needs to learn some respect!” Enedina said, her eyes like daggers staring at Bab.

“Bab wouldn't just hit someone without reason, did anyone see what happen?” I asked and none of the adults responded.

“Ok then, seeing as no one saw what happen let's just keep them separate,” Alan suggested as he got between our two groups.

“But she slapped me!” Dan yelled.

“So you're telling me that one slap from a little girl is enough to really hurt the next king?” Alan asked the boy apparently knowing how to manipulate the boy a bit.

So we stayed separated in the alley. The guard was on the earth wall he made keeping a lookout for the pylons while Bab and I leaned against one wall of the alleyway, while the outer 3 were on the other side.

There was tension in the air. The prince and his mother just stared angrily at us. While Bab stared angrily back.

“Why did this have to happen,” I whispered to myself.

“Just our luck I guess,” Bab replied to me.

That was probably the most she’s said to me all week.

“Are you ok?” I asked her.

“As well as I'll ever be after being touched by a pervert,” Bab told me.

“I'm sorry about that,” I told her.

“Not your fault. I just wish I fried his ass instead,” Bab replied. “And thanks for believing in me.”

I took a deep breath. I knew this might be the only time I might be able to talk to her normally.

“Bab, when this is over….let's talk about what happened that day,” I told her, finally ready to actually talk and possibly apologize a bit.

“I'd like that,” Bab said to me as she flashed me a small smile.

“HERE THEY COME!” the guard yelled as he jumped off the wall and back on this side.

Immediately we all rushed to the wall to take a look.

The wall was about 8 feet tall but thanks to some crates and boxes we already stacked we were able to get a quick view of the monsters.

It looked like a wave of black was rushing into the city. The Pylons had long black feathers covering their bodies, the only part that wasn't black was the pale beak and claws they had. I couldn't even tell how many there were as they rushed towards us.

For a moment I was actually enjoying myself a bit as I watched the monsters. That is until the screaming started.

“DANILO!!!!” Enedina screamed as I looked over and saw that the boy had somehow jumped over the wall and was now holding a medium sized sword out and ready to take on the Pylons!

“Fuck!” Alan and I yelled, and we both jumped over the wall and rushed over to the boy.

But there was nothing we could do now. The pylons were too close, and we had no choice but to try and fight them while trying to get the prince to safety.

“Grab the boy!” I yelled to Alan as I grabbed my sword and used it to slash at the first of the pylons that came rushing toward us.

Alan did grab the boy and yanked him off his feet forcing him to drop his sword. Alan then tried to run back to the wall where he saw the guard jump down, ready to help but was soon jumped on by a Pylon.

I didn't know what they were doing, and at the moment I didn't care as I continued my slashing. Most of the pylons soon moved to one side to go around us, but there were still plenty rushing at us.

Behind me, Alan set his free hand on fire and punched one of the pylons that came close to him, but he was blocked off on all sides with nowhere to run. He only had one option, he dropped the boy.

“STAY DOWN!” Alan yelled as he lit his other hand on fire and began punching at anything that got too close.

“Whats going on!” I yelled to Alan behind me hoping he had gotten the boy to safety by now so that I could try to get back over the wall as well.

“There's just too many!” Alan yelled as he hit one away from him and the prince. Not noticing the prince trying to crawl toward the wall.

I was in mid-attack when a pylon had finally pounced right on top of me, and my sword went flying through the air as I was pinned down. The pylon screeching in my face, before it was blasted off.

I quickly looked over at the wall. Both Bab and Enedina were on top of it. Enedina using a whip to snap the neck of the pylon on the guard while Bab was the one who blasted the pylon off of me.

I gave her a big smile before I jumped back to my feet and yelled out ‘FROST” blasting anything near me with ice magic as I quickly looked around for my sword. But I couldn't see it.

Then we all heard the loud screech and looked at what was coming. This pylon was much bigger, even other pylons were keeping their distance from it. This one also had two bright red eyes, and I could vividly tell this was a territory monster that Noah told us about.

I could see the monster's eyes target me as I was the closest to it.

“RUN!!!” I heard Bab yell, but there were still too many pylons rushing by to do that.

I tried desperately to think of something when something caught my eye. It was the boys shiny gold sword was lying just off to my right. With the boss monster getting very close now I had to jump for the sword.

The monster was nearly right on top of me as I grabbed the hilt of the sword. Immediately my arm felt like it was on fire as I gripped it tightly and slashed at the boss monster. The sword admitted a powerful slash attack that directly drained me of all the manna I had. But that one attack was all that was needed to kill this boss monster.

Its body crashing down with a loud thud and skidding a few feet towards me, but stopped mere feet away.

That's also when I noticed that the arm holding the sword really was on fire.

“WHAT THE HELL!?” I yelled as I immediately dropped the sword. I started to quickly try to put the flames out until my arm was soon encased in a water bubble.

“That sword is meant for those of the highest class such as royalty and paladins!” Enedina yelled at me from the wall using water magic to put out my flames.

“Thanks!” I yelled at her before I noticed Bab was no longer on the wall.

Frantically I searched around to find her and saw that she was standing over the cowering prince and blasting off Pylons to protect him.

Because of the weird effect of the boss monster, the pylons began to run around it, not even noticing that it was dead and creating a type of invisible wall. Protecting us and finally allowing us to run back to the wall.

Alan and I quickly hoisted everyone back over the wall before we helped each other over it. The 5 of us all out of breath and exhausted.

The Guards armor was torn entirely apart but amazingly still alive. Alan and I were covered in scratches all over but nothing too serious. My burned arm was so far the worst. Thankfully it would heal in a few hours. Then there's Enedina and the kids who also came out unhurt from all this.

“Hey, I think you dropped this,” Alan said to me as he reached into his storage and pulled out my sword. “It landed right next to me.”

“Thank you,” I told him as I take the sword. Suddenly it began to glow brightly before changing shape. “What just happened!”

“That sword has growth!” the guard exclaimed as he came over to examine my sword. “Some weapons have special abilities and grow makes the weapon grow stronger with the wielder.”

I just looked at my sword. Before it looked like any other sword. Now the hilt felt better in my hands, the blade grew a little longer, and in the center of the handle was a small red gem.

“Congrats.” bab told me as she walked over and gave me a hug.

I smiled down at her and embraced her as well.

“Thank you for having my back,” I tell her.

“anytime.” she looked up at me with a smile on her face. “Just as long as you have mine!”

“Always.” I laughed and put my new sword away for the moment.

Finally, after everything that has happened. I feel like we are somewhat closer than we were before. And for the moment I didn't want to think about anything else.

Alexander March

Stats- lv12

HP-80 (+4)

Attack-39 (+3)

Defence-35 (+5)

Speed-46 (+2)

Regen-8 (+1)

Manna-36

Class-hunter

Skills-hunter eyes. (new: beast vision)

Weapons- Yoake (C) (ability: growth)

Element-ice

Partner-Bab Ados

Stats- lv20

HP-53 (+20)

Attack-10

Defence-11 (+40)

Speed-10 (+9)

Regen-11 (+3)

Manna-169

Class-mage

Skills-potion maker

Weapons-none

Element-lightning

Money ###

Gold 4)

Silver 45)

Bronze 37)

Copper 28)

I then look over and see the Prince being checked over by his mother while glaring at Bab.

“Hay prince, what don't you say thank you to Bab for saving you?” I asked him.

Everyone looked at him. His jaw was clenched, but he slowly walked over towards us. Until he was right in front of Bab.

“I never asked for your help,” he said. And in that quick moment of confusion, he reached down, grabbed the sides of Bab’s skirt and yanked it down…

*009*2018-06-18 17:02

Ch.9

It felt like the world had gone still, all eyes on the little girl wearing a diaper with her skirt around her ankles.

I watched and reacted as fast as I could to grab Bab’s now rising arm.

“Bab, stop!” I yelled to her as I gripped her open hand into mine.

She looked up at me with a face of pure rage,as if demanding I let her hand go so she could use one of her powerful lightning attacks to kill that brat.

“It's not worth it,” I told her, before crouching down and pulling her skirt back up.

“Is she really wearing a diaper?!” the prince laughed.

“Yes, she has a small problem that doesn't need you making it worse for her,” I told the prince standing right behind me. “Come on Bab, let's go home.”

“Aw, does the baby need to go home to get her diaper changed?” the boy said mockingly. “I'm amazed that a moron who can't use the toilet could ever be an adventurer!”

“Boy, I would shut your mouth now if I were you. If it weren't for me kneeling in front of you, she would kill you,” I told him, and noticed that no one else was going to interfere with what was going on.

“Ya, I bet the smell of her dirty diaper could kill a dragon. Hey, maybe one day, when your daddy here gets tired of taking care of you, come find me. I'm sure my maids would just love taking care of a worthless baby bitch like you,” he told Bab.

I felt a snap in the back of my mind as I heard that.

“Bab, look at me,” I told her, and we looked into each other's eyes, both now pissed. “Do not copy me.”

I swung my arm and body as fast as I could, using the momentum of my body to give my swing more power, connecting the back of my fist to the 13-year-old prince’s face. The force was strong enough to lift the boy off his feet and send him flying backward.

I immediately knew what I had just done was beyond stupid, so I quickly grabbed Bab and threw her over my shoulder before I booked it out of the alleyway. The only sound we heard was a mother screaming.

“Where are we going?!” Bab yelled at me.

“We need to get out of the city, fast!” I yelled back. “If royalty is anything like my world, then if we're caught, we're dead!”

“They're following us!” Bab told me, and I gave a quick look back, and sure enough, Alan and the guard were chasing us.

Bab then raised up her hand and tried to shoot lightning at them, but because she was bouncing on my shoulder, she missed.

“Bab, no lightning! There are other people here!’ I yelled.

“Then what are we supposed to do about them?!” Bab asked, as I took a sharp turn down another alleyway.

This one had two groups fighting a Pylon in it, but I paid them no mind as I ran past them and jumped onto a crate, then over an ice wall.

With just a little bit of luck, the Pylons had thinned out now, as this was the tail end of their group. (I had no idea what to call a group of Pylons). With them so thinned out, it was easy to run down the main street. I soon started to see some of the walls begin to come down, now that the Pylons were gone.

“Where did she go?” some guy said, as he suddenly walked right into the main street and right in front of me. I wound up running into the guy, and the three of us all crashed onto the ground hard.

“Bab are you ok? I asked as I looked up.

“No! I think I sprained my foot!” she yelled, and was holding her foot in pain.

“That fucking hurt!” the guy I hit said, as he slowly picked himself up. “Why were you running like that?”

Before I could answer, I took a look back and saw that Alan and the guard were still chasing us. Alan was currently dealing with one of the last Pylons that attacked him, however, and the guard was getting closer to us.

“Please, I know we don't know each other, but I'm begging you, please just grab her and take her to the main gate!” I asked the guy, who just gave me a weird look. Here was someone who just ran into him, begging him to take some kid to the main gate. The man then turned around and noticed the guard running towards us.

“I hope I don't regret this,” he said, before he quickly grabbed Bab.

“Alex!” she called to me as she was being taken away.

“I'll catch up soon!” I yelled at her, before turning to the guard, who was now very close, so I pulled out my sword.

“You are under arrest for assaulting a member of the royal family,” he told me, before taking out his own sword. “Now drop your weapon and come quietly, or we’ll have a problem.”

“You know for a fact that brat deserved that punch,” I told the guard.

“That I know. But it still is an assault on a prince. I must take you in,” he told me.

“I know, you're just doing your job and I respect that. So no hard feelings if I tell you I won't come in without a fight?” I asked.

He smiled at me, before he charged at me with his sword and began his attack. His speed and strength were clearly higher than my own. I guess being in a higher class, with more experience, really shows. If it weren't for that Pylon jumping on him, then he would have easily held his ground much better than Alan or I did.

I was only just barely able to dodge his swings or use my sword to block them. I was strictly on defense, just trying to think of any way to stop him. Currently, my mana was very low, since that sword drained it all, but it had been about ten minutes, and I should have had enough for at least one attack.

When I finally thought of something, I went on the attack and slashed down onto the guard, who quickly blocked it. That's when I looked behind him.

“Pylon!” I yelled, and backed off slightly. The guard quickly turned to see my bluff, before turning back to see my hand in his face, “FROST!”

He was temporarily blind at that moment, and I took my chance to smash the butt of my sword into his face, knocking him out, and possibly giving him a concussion.

“Guess it's my turn,” Alan said, as he walked over to me.

Both of us were exhausted, and I could see Alan's arm had been cut by the Pylon he was fighting earlier.

“Come on, even you?” I asked. Alan was a lot like me, and should at least see I was in the right.

“Sorry, I might have a way home with him. Even if I wish I could punch him too,” Alan told me.

“So no hard feelings, no matter who wins?” I asked and raised my sword.

“That's fine,” he told me, and his hands caught fire again.

“Ok, one sec, why do you keep fighting with just your hands?” I asked very curiously.

“I'm a skilled fighter, it's part of the fighter class. They don't use weapons and all the stats they get go to attack and speed. I used my fire magic to give my fists more damage. I'm only using this class until I get the special skill I want,” he explained to me.

“Ok then.” I shoved my sword back into storage and lifted my fists ready to fight. “I won't use a weapon on an unarmed opponent.”

Alan laughed, before stopping his fire magic and making the battle an even fight. We just stared at each other for a moment before Alan finally charged at me. Then I broke one of 'man's' secret rules. I kicked Alan in the nuts.

He dropped like a sack of bricks from that one kick.

“Sorry! You can get me back for that later!” I yelled at him as I started running again. I really had no time to waste, and while that was a cheap move, it was literally the only thing I could do to end the fight right then.

It wasn't long before I finally caught up with Bab and the other guy, already waiting for me at the gate. The other royal guards were still busy with other things at the moment.

“Alex!” Bab cried happily, as she seen me coming. She was leaning against the gate, trying to stay off her injured foot until it healed.

“Thank you for watching her,” I told the guy between pants, and I tried to catch my breath.

“Why were they chasing you?” the guy asked.

“I hit a member of royalty for being an ass;” I told him the most simple version.

“Well, if that's the case, you might want to leave now. It won't be long before more people start to come looking for you,” the guy told us. Bab and I couldn't agree more.

“If we ever meet again we owe you one,” I told the guy and held out my hand. “Mister....?”

“Blake,” he said and shook my hand.

“Alex” I replied, before picking Bab up and running into the woods to try and get a head start.

###

About twenty minutes later and I was already exhausted, and I had to put Bab down.

“Are you ok?” Bab asked me, before reaching into storage and pulling out a bottle of water for me.

“Just exhausted,” I tell her before chugging the entire bottle of water. “We can't rest long though. How's your foot?”

“It still hurts, but I think I could still run if I had to,” she told me.

“No it's bad to stay on a hurt foot like that, it could wind up getting worse,” I told her, before I finally remembered something and smacked my face.

“Whats wrong?” Bab asked, surprised that I would hit myself.

“I completely forgot something. I wanted this to be a surprise for later, but now is as good as any time to show you,” I told Bab, and reached into storage to pull out the thing Fran made me in secret a while ago.

It was a baby carrier, specially made to fit Bab. (If you don't know what they look like, a link on the bottom will show you.)

“What is that?” Bab asked in disbelief.

“Look, don't get mad. You’re slow and need to stop and rest a lot. I had Fran make this so that I could carry you when we travel, to make it easy for us both,” I told her. “It's not to make fun of you at all, I swear.”

It was the truth. If it weren't for Bab’s consistent stops, we would have been in Pa’a a lot sooner. With this carrier, it should make traveling a lot easier.

Bab was very hesitant about it at first, but eventually agreed to at least try it. She was soon strapped in and was on my back with ease. Thankfully she felt like I was carrying my pack and made running a lot easier.

###

To be honest, I had no idea where we were, or really what to do. We were still running nearly an hour later,no longer in the forest but surrounded by a mountainous terrain. We knew we were still being chased, as we were attacked by long-range magic that only just barely missed us. Which meant we were just barely staying ahead of them; but with my exhaustion, I knew we wouldn't be able to go on much longer.

“Alex, I think I have an idea,” Bab told me.

“What's that?” I asked.

“Let me use a special attack I have. It won't hurt anyone, but it should make it so we can rest a moment,” she told me.

With no other option I stopped and unstrapped Bab, and she stood up ready to fight, her foot no longer in pain. I then began to look around.

Currently, we were hiking up a near-vertical hillside which made it very hard to run. But at least we had the high ground, to fight off anyone who would try to fight us.

Sure enough, within a few minutes we saw more royal guards show up, ready to fight and take us in.

“You are under arrest for…” one of the guards yelled at us, but I finished.

“For smacking a royal brat, and possibly knocking out one of the guards!” I yelled down to them, before grabbing my sword and getting in front of Bab.

Bab folded her fingers together and began chanting something I couldn't hear.

“Come on you fuck heads, bring it!” I yelled, and suddenly they all started running towards us.

“Pulse!” Bab screamed, as a wave of energy was emitted all around us, and each of the guards fell to the ground.

I looked back at Bab, who was now panting.

“It's a paralyzing spell that uses all the mana I have. They won't be able to move for 30 minutes. If they are under the curse, the would have to retreat or run the possibility of dying if their partner isn't around,” she told me.

That was awesome! This might work!

“That might have worked if we weren't here,” I heard a women say and turned back down to see Enedina and Alan, neither of them affected by the attack.

“How?” I asked.

“Our armor was made to resist all kinds of magic,” Alan told us. “Now give up.”

“Bab, run!” I yelled at her, and got my sword ready.

With Bab out of mana she was of no help, I just had to buy her enough time to use magic again, but now it was two on one. Bab did as she was told, and started running uphill, while I charged down.

Alan was the one to engage me, as Enedina ran past. I tried to stop her, but Alan just hit me repeatedly, forcing me to focus on him.

I didn't want to hurt Alan, so I only used my sword to defend myself, as I tried to use my magic on him. Sadly fire resisted ice and wasn't affected by it.

“You are really going to pay for that cheap shot earlier,” Alan told me.

That's when I heard Bab scream. Suddenly, I didn't care if I hurt Alan, as he now tried to stay away from my swing. Then I saw it. It was just a slight opening in Alan's defense, that meant I was finally able to connect one punch onto him. Alan only staggered a bit, but that was all I needed to run away and up the hill.

Bab and Enedina couldn't have gone far, and sure enough, the moment I turned a corner I saw Enedina using her water magic to encase Bab’s head in a water bubble and lift her into the air. I saw Babs struggle for breath. She tried to use her magic, but not even a spark would come.

“Let her go!” I yelled.

“Don't take one more step,” Enedina told me. “Unless you want to see if your daughter can suddenly sprout gills.”

So I stopped,my eyes only on Bab.

“Enedina what are you doing?” Alan asked when he caught up a moment later.

“What I must. Now drop your sword. Now!” she told me, and I complied.

“Ok I give up, just please stop hurting her!” I pleaded and watched in horror as Bab stopped producing air bubbles!

“Fine: you want her so badly, fetch!” Enedina said, and threw Bab.

I immediately started running after Bab. Reaching as far as I could to grab her, I leaped into the air, and finally caught her as we both fell off the edge.

Alexander March

Stats- lv12

HP-80 (+4)

Attack-39 (+3)

Defence-35 (+5)

Speed-46 (+2)

Regen-8 (+1)

Manna-36

Class-hunter

Skills-hunter eyes.

Weapons- none

Element-ice

Partner-Bab Ados

Stats- lv20

HP-53 (+20)

Attack-10

Defence-11 (+40)

Speed-10 (+9)

Regen-11 (+3)

Manna-169

Class-mage

Skills-potion maker

Weapons-none

Element-lightning

Money ###

Gold 4)

Silver 45)

Bronze 37)

Copper 28)

###

Blake had spent the last few hours traveling from one gate to the other, before he finally found who he was looking for.

“Eva! Where have you been!” Blake yelled at the woman who ran up to him and gave him a hug.

“I've been chasing Pylons! It was so much fun!” she exclaimed, before she noticed something.

She then proceeded to smell Blake’s shirt for a moment, before looking at him in confusion.

“Why do you have my sisters smell on you?”

%https://www.amazon.com/CdyBox-Adjustable-Positions-Structured-Ergonomic/dp/B0107WZTTC/ref=sr_1_13_a_it?ie=UTF8&qid=1507436519&sr=8-13&keywords=hiking%2Bbaby%2Bcarrier&refinements=p_n_age_range:2364751011&th=1

*010*2018-06-19 15:30

I was in a lot of pain, I was cold, and I was wet. Those were the first things that came to my mind as I slowly opened my eyes. Above me was a cave ceiling.

When I turned my head, I saw a small fire right next to me, and Bab shaking right next to it, trying to get warm.

“Bab?” I said. My mouth was very dry at the moment and my voice sounded rough.

“Alex!” Bab yelled, and crawled over to me. “Are you ok!?” she asked.

“I hurt, but nothing I can't handle,” I told her, as I slowly tried to sit up. “What happened?”

“You saved us,” Bab said, before explaining what had happened.

Enedina had just thrown Bab over the edge of the cliff, and I had jumped after her. The fall was about three stories high, and I had to work fast if we were to survive. Below us was a single tree; I used my frost magic to nudge Bab and I just slightly, so that we would hit the tree, which significantly slowed our fall, but knocked me out cold.

Luckily for Bab, the fall knocked the water out of her lungs, and she was able to breathe again, but was too hurt to do anything for a while. I guess Enedina and Alan saw us down here, thought we couldn't have survived, and left without checking on us.

Bab remained on me for about 40 minutes, until she finally felt strong enough to move. She tried to wake me up, but nothing she did would work. By then it was getting late, and with no other choice, Bab slowly dragged my unconscious body 30 yards to a nearby cave.

I really don't know how she did that, but I was indeed impressed. Once in the cave she pulled out the extra wood we collected a while ago, and used her lightning to start a fire. That was a few hours ago.

“Why haven't you changed out of those wet clothes?” I asked Bab, noticing she was still wearing her damp Adventure outfit.

“I can't…” Bab told me, and looked away.

“Why?” I asked.

“I left my backpack at the inn,” she explained. Even though we had storage, she didn't see the point in always taking it with us, then putting it back, if we were still staying at the same inn.

“Shit. Ok, take off your wet clothes, I’ve got an idea,” I told her, and turned away from her. She hesitated for a moment as she watched me grab my backpack, before she decided to do as I asked.

Then, I held out one of my shirts behind my back, and had her take it. A moment later I turned around and nearly burst out laughing. I could wear XL size shirts, but I didn't feel comfortable unless they were 3XL, and Bab looked like she was going to slip right thru the head hole.

So I tied the hole close, and the shirt was now an oversized nightshirt on her.

“How is it?” I asked.

“It stinks,” Bab replied, but I could tell it was a lot better than the wet clothes. Speaking of wet, I also had to change her diaper, and noticed a small rash forming. I would have to take care of that later.

Once she was all taken care of, it was my turn. After changing into a new set of clothes, I noticed Bab was still shaking from being cold, already wishing she had her onesie. It was already dark outside and unsafe to try to look for more wood.

So I pulled out my sleeping bag. It had 2 straps on the side that, when undone, turned the sleeping bag into a double. There, Bab and I both got in and slowly relaxed, as the combined body heat slowly warmed the sleeping bag up.

“Alex?”

“Ya,” I replied, both of our backs to each other.

“I'm sorry,” she told me.

“For what?” I asked, not knowing what she was apologizing for.

“For being a brat,” she told me.

“I'm sorry too,” I replied.

“Why?” Bab asked.

“For being so overprotective.”

“That's just who you are,” she told me.

“Still, I went too far when I stopped having you help me,” I told her. “Even though the bracelets were hurting you.”

“I forgive you,” she told me.

“Thank you,” I replied, a little happier about that.

I felt the sleeping bag shift a bit, and Bab tried to give me an awkward hug.

“What are you doing?” I asked, laughing a bit.

“I wanted to give you a hug,” she told me, not really understand why she wanted to do this. So I rolled over and wrapped my own arms around her for a better hug.

We just lay there, hugging each other and trying to stay warm as the fire began to die out.

“Alex, I think I'm ready,” Bab told me. “To tell you…”

“About?” I asked confused again.’

“Me,” she said, and I suddenly realized what she meant.

“Bab, you don't have to force yourself to tell me,” I told her.

“No, I trust you; you've been there for me from the beginning. You treat me as normal as you can. You don't pity me because of what I've become. You do treat me like a kid, but I can't blame you when I act like one,” she told me. “You still trusted me, even when you were mad at me, and also after I lied to you. You're the only person I know I can trust in.”

I didn't say a thing. I just laid there and listened to her as Bab took a few deep breaths.

“I don't know how much you will believe, or even how to even start explaining,” Bab told me. “I'm a witch, and 4 years ago my sister tried to kill me.”

I listened to her story.

###

Bab’s story.

At the beginning of this world, my mother was a powerful mage. She was a part of the first group that destroyed the first Dark crystal. Using her power, she helped the early heroes grow stronger. She helped form the basis of all magic used today. But her most significant achievement was being granted immortality by one of 5 sacred monsters.

This, however, became a curse for her as the years went on. She watched as the people she grew to love grew old and died. She tried to find new meaning in her life, but as the years went on she slowly lost herself. Nothing excited her anymore. Nothing brought joy into her life. It was said that she even found the location of all the crystals on the planet, but because of boredom she never did anything to them.

After so long, she finally had enough and tried to kill herself, over, and over. But her curse wouldn't allow it. So she asked another sacred monster to kill her. The monster instead told her the only way for an immortal to die: they must first give life.

So she did just that: she gave life to me and my sisters. My mother could not give birth, however, so she learned of another way. She learned to offer up her soul and merge it with a monster's soul to create new life.

I was born of my mother's soul and that of a Raijū, the beast of lightning. Thus I was later known as the witch of storms.

When my mother finally passed away she left my sister and me to do as we wanted, and we all split. We never really found the need to see each other often. Out of my sisters, I was the 3rd strongest of them, but my magic power exceeded them all.

It was over 4 years ago when it happened. One of my sisters attacked me. She led an army against me for reasons I still do not know. The battle went on for 4 days, my sister using a barrier to keep me from leaving. The fight was only ended when I was tricked.

My sister placed a bracelet on me and had one of the soldiers force a contract on me. Then my sister killed the soldier. With the curse activated, I had to use all the magic I had, to use one of my mother's emergency spells to break the curse.

The spell was meant to create a new body for me. But without the proper amount of magic, I made a body of a 10-year-old. My sister had known that would be the only option I had to break that curse, leaving me with no mana and no way to fight back.

She then proceeded to place different curses on me. The first was the inability to use my hands. Without them, I wouldn't be able to use my witch skills to fix my body. Next, because she was sick of hearing me yell at her, she stole my speech, making anyone who listens to me unable to communicate. And finally, just to humiliate me further she cursed me to never be able to tell when I needed to go.

My sister thought she had won, and she took her barrier down. That, however, was her big mistake. I had tried to use a teleport spell in the beginning, when the barrier was made. Now that it was gone, my spell finally activated and I was taken to a random village. Unable to communicate. Unable to use my hands. And unable to use the toilet...

For the first time in my life, I felt weak. But that's not where it ends, because the new body spell wasn't complete. It won't age. For 4 years I have been stuck in a child's body, but no different than if I had become a toddler.

###

“That now explains a lot,” I said out loud.

It explained why she was already a mage with such massive mana at the start; also why she distrusted such a lot of people; why even though Alice said Bab should be 14, she still looked 10. And why she hated being called a child.

“So now you know,” she told me.

“But there's something I still don't get. When you formed the bond with me, the fact that I could understand you shocked even you. Why did you force a bond in the first place?” I asked.

“I just wanted to be able to use magic again. Because of the unfinished body, my power was also locked away. I was planning on using you, to force you to take me with you and find a way to separate us. Then I would go on my own to reclaim my body myself,” she explained.

“So what's your plan now?” I asked.

“I don't know. I never planned on telling you, I never planned on having fun, on trusting anyone, on you ever giving your respect, your compassion, your trust…” Bab stopped.

“Then how about we make a deal,” I told Bab, and she looked up at me. “Let me help you get your body back.”

“No,” Bab told me and turned around. “Your job is to find a way home. Getting my body back could take years.”

I just laughed and hugged her again.

“No, my job is to look after the little orphan girl who stormed into my life and took me prisoner in her own game. You might not understand it, but until you turn into an adult, I have to be looking after you. Which, as you said, might be a few years. But I think my family can wait that long,” I told Bab. “I've already told you before: you are like a sister to me, and like any good older brother, I will always be looking after you.”

“You do remember I that I said I'm older than you right?” Bab told me, a smile growing on her face.

“Ya, but until the day I see that, you'll still be my little sister,” I told her, and rubbed her hair playfully, making her giggle a bit.

“So you're not taking me back anymore?” Bab asked.

“No” I sighed. “Knowing what's going on now, I won't take you back. But now I'll have to think of a different punishment for you, later.”

“That's fine, just, please. No more slimes,” Bab commented, and we both laughed.

After that, we laid in the darkness, talking about nothing. The fire was now just a pile of dying embers in the cold night, the two of us holding each other for warmth, as we both started to drift off to sleep.
