Pokemon Omorashi Short - Page 5

Author: Alexxx

*101*2016-03-31 14:26

{{I thought I remembered it working like that in Alexxx's last story though. I can't remember perfectly, but I thought there was at least one scene where something like that happened.

}}

You can transfer some thoughts to a person, or surrounding people, at the user's digression.

Oh lord though, could you imagine? X3

###

Also, in significantly less fun news, I just laid off on Tuesday. I have two interviews scheduled for later today, but in the meantime, the story is on a bit of a hiatus until I can pick up the fractured remnants of maaah life! </Skarr>

In all honestly though, I things are looking up. If I land my second client this afternoon, that'll mean a work-from-home situation where I can manage my own schedule, and have more time for writing :3. Hang in there, and I'll be back before you know it! <3

*109*2016-04-21 00:21

I have two things in the works, and I'm trying to juggle them both at the moment! Even if I don't have anything concrete by next Saturday, I'll still have story for you guys. Thanks for believing in me, and sticking with me though my tribulations <3.

*111*2016-04-30 16:18

Woof! Here's the next section; expect updates every OTHER Saturday, until everything gets settled. Luckily, I'm starting next week, so that should be soon! ^_^

Enjoy! <3

### Kevin---

Have you ever felt a cloud?

It’s almost weightless, just a cool, relaxing fog. I looked down, and saw our tiny city of Goldenrod below us, with stores and shops. It was night, but by the light of the moon I could see people walking below me, some in groups, and some enjoying the cool night air alone.

I swooped lower, nearly touching the top of one of our many skyscrapers. What would it be like to work there, in a room overlooking such a place?Would the power be worth the stress?

I drifted lower, but something was wrong. The currents in the air no longer supported my weight, and I began to fall.

I frantically curved, trying to put my speed to good use, but no matter the angle, I was in a free-fall. The ground approached far too quickly, and I screamed as my face collided with-

“Kevin?”

The world blurred around me, and I felt something mushed against my face. My back felt sore, and my brain fuzzed. Was I falling? Was I saved?

“Go to sleep, man. You’re too out of it to focus.”

Chase helped me up from my chair, and I realized I had fallen asleep at the desk.

I rubbed my eyes. “Sorry; I didn’t mean to crash there. I’ll, uh, take the couch.”

Chase shook his head, and led me to the bedroom. “We’re adults; I think we can bear the thought of sleeping in one bed.”

“A-are you sure?”

“It’s a queen. We’ll be fine. Just don’t steal my pillow.” Chase, true to his word, grabbed a normal looking pillow and placed it on the other side of the mattress. “This is mine.”

“Can I use the other pillows?”

“Yes, but not this pillow.”

“M’kay.” I collapsed on the bed, face-down. I waited for a similar thump from Chase, but none came.

I heard the door close.

I turned around. “Wait – you’re not sleeping?”

“Naw.” Came his muffled reply, though the door. “Still have a few hours left in me.”

“I can’t sleep while you’re working!”

He cracked the door. “I don’t think you can stop yourself.” He smirked. “Plus, I’ll be joining you shortly, I’m sure. Don’t steal my pillow.”

I narrowed my eyes. “Can I touch your pillow?”

“…Fine. But when I want to sleep, I want that pillow. Unused.”

I nodded. Chase nodded in turn, and closed the door.

After a moment, I snuck his pillow back, and placed it by my head. It smelled like coffee, long-hours, conversations by moonlight, and him.

It was the best smelling pillow in the world.

### Volt ---

It was beautiful.

Three and a half feet of polished steel, with the words ‘Avenge Me’ carved into the barrel. I never thought I could love a gun, but after being trapped in this hell for nearly two weeks, my pacifistic ways were long gone. They were replaced with the smooth satisfaction of placing the lead into its muzzle, and shoving it hard into the powered charge.

Now it’s my turn.

One of the beasts tore its way to me, blocked only by a small avalanche of stones I used to protect myself earlier. I stood to the side, now with a clear shot, and fired.

Perfect.

The bullet tore itself through the beast’s maw, tearing down its trachea and piercing one of its lungs, stomachs, and both livers. The beast roared, buzzing in the air like some massive insect, and dove mandibles first through the broken stones.

My second shot caught it though one of its main left eyes, putting it down for good.

“Enjoying the gun?” Abby teased.

[You have no idea.] I grinned, leaning forward, staring intently at my tiny computer as beast after beast found its end by my gun. [This is so much better than the bow.]

“Alight, but stay on your guard. That was the second broken covenant; it might ignore two, but a third will definitely awaken it.”

I turned to Abby, who was playing on the same server. [What’s about to awaken?]

“You know the gods that used to exist in this realm?”

[Yeah?]

“We’re gonna wake up the thing that ate them.”

I swallowed as Abby’s character descended into a small incision within the cave. Inside, a glowing purple orb hovered in the air, fueled by the unholy power of the Dead God’s Covenant.

“You ready?” Abby grinned.

[Nope.] I loaded my gun, and tried to stand brave.

Abby smashed the orb with a hammer, and a roar echoed from deep within the earth. I only saw a fraction of the creature as he bashed me into the wall, encasing me within his flesh as he dashed at Abby. Abby dove to the side, aided by her near supernatural speed, but it wasn’t enough. The creature enclosed her on all sides, and crushed her with its gargantuan stomach.

The last thing she saw were its eyes – hundreds, all staring at her with hatred, malice, and hunger.

Volt, The Brave, was mashed into little bits by The Eater of Worlds.

Abigail, The Bold’s pleads for death were answered by The Eater of Worlds.

I leaned back, crossing my paws angrily. [Okay, but how can it push me back into itself? I just get stuck inside of it, and I can’t move or do anything!]

Abby leaned over the couch and grinned. “Just don’t get hit.”

I grumbled. [it’s HUGE! It takes up, like, a fourth of the screen! Plus, it does that thing where it wraps around you, and then constricts! It’s impossible not to get hit!]

“I think if we were to summon it on our terms, on the surface, we could maneuver ourselves a bit better.”

[You’re probably right.] I gave a quiet yawn, and noticed it was past 2:00am. In less than seven hours I was going back home, which meant six hours or less of sleep.

“Tired?” Abby grinned, catching me glance at the clock.

[…Just until we beat the giant worm guy!] I chirped, respawning and continuing my way down into the depths of the world.

“Sure thing, Volt. Thanks for being my player two.”

I beamed. [Thanks for teaching me, even when those flying things kept turning my insides to outsides.]

Abby giggled, respawning, and headed my way. “Anytime.”

### Kevin---

It wasn’t intentional.

I was just sleeping, and I awoke with his arms around me. I could feel his silent breaths against my ear, and I felt the rise and fall of his chest against my back.

A blush crossed my case as I slowly reached consciousness, realizing the rather vulnerable position I had been placed in.

I didn’t know what to do – I didn’t want to wake him and have him realize that we were accidentally spooning, and selfishly…I didn’t want this to end. I had gone two days without sleep, but I had gone a lifetime without companionship. What was a stolen slumber compared to the warmth of another?

My tired eyelids slid closed, but seep still eluded me. I could almost feel him grinding against me moaning softly in his sleep, lightly breathing my name. What I wouldn’t give for his body to be mine, and for him to crave me as much as I craved him.

My lust was only tempered by my fatigue, and I drifted off, content to lie, if only once, within his arms.

### Abby & Volt ---

[Hurry, hurry, hurry!]

Volt twisted her bottom paws, bouncing up and down. This was the fifth ‘near accident’ she had had on what was meant to be a two day trip, and had rapidly crossed from an ‘accidents happen’ scenario to a ‘seek medical help’, and finally drifted far to ‘crying wolf’. Abby rolled her eyes, fiddling with Chase’s keys, finally finding the proper fit.

[Abby! I-I’m really close…!]

“Why didn’t just you go outside?” Abby whispered under her breath, attempting to pry the key from the lock.

[i wanted to go at home!]

“That never stopped you before...”

[Abby! I’m gonna pee myself!]

Abby tore the key from the lock, and pushed the door open. Volt scurried inside on three paws, darting past the empty pizza boxes and overturned energy drinks that littered the halls. She dashed by Chase’s bedroom before darting into his bathroom, and reaching underneath the door to pull it closed.

Her heart leapt in her throat.

She had made it. She was alone.

She bounced upwards on top of the toilet, and then onto the counter, one of her paws still lightly clutching the fork of her legs.

It had been an eternity since she had let herself do this. Only three days perhaps, but the longest three days of her life, filled with perverse thoughts as she had challenged her bladder over and over, with no sense of true relief for the weekend. Slowly, with a quiet whimper, she lowered herself into the sink.

She wasn’t going to do anything, of course, this was just a precaution. She couldn’t do this anywhere else because she might leak, and she didn’t want to face that again.

The insides of her hips vibrated with desire. Her paw was so close to that throbbing button, and with her bladder begging for release, she felt as if she could nearly cum by thought alone. She slumped against the back of the sink, with her bottom paws on either side of the drain, and slowly slid a finger into herself.

She shivered. She wouldn’t go as far as she did when she was on Chase – that was an accident – but she needed to reduce the pressure. The heat she felt that consumed her thoughts, and drove her to increasingly absurd lengths of desperation. She stroked herself again, shuttering back as she already neared an orgasm. Her bladder pressed against her, and she quickly switched from her clit to her urethra, plugging it for just a moment longer, then switched again, her back arching and her body trembling.

Okay, n-now stop. Stop. T-that’s it, anymore, and…

Her paw slowed, but increased its pressure, easing her over the edge. A tiny, worried chirp slipped from her lips as she began to dribble into the drain. She couldn’t stop it, and her body shook as more and more spurts splashed against the cool steel sink, and she tried to plug herself mid-orgasm.

S-stop! He, he washes his hands here!

Her desperation only increased, splashing against her paws, and draining down the sink in uncontrolled spurts as she unintentionally reached her second orgasm. Her eyes shut, and for a moment, nothing registered but pleasure and bliss.

She shook herself back, after only seven seconds had gone by, and she realized she was peeing freely into the sink. Her face reddened, but she was utterly exhausted, having held back her sexual frustration for so long. After nearly half a minute, she tapered to a stop, and with tears stinging her eyes, turned the water on to wash away her crime.

“Are you alright?” Abby’s voice echoed from outside the door.

[F-fine! I just, I um, I made a bit of a mess, so I’m cleaning up.]

The hot water ran over her, washing her damp fur, and, hopefully, removing any smell that would be left behind. Volt dried off, flushed the toilet to remain inconspicuous, steadied herself, and pushed the door back open.

Abby stood above her, looking amused. “You make it alright?”

Volt nodded, a small blush still adorning her face. [Yeah, I just slipped and got a bit of it-]

And her words were lost, as she saw into Chase’s room. Two bodies lay prone next to each other, with Chase lying nearly nude against Kevin’s bare chest. Volt’s eyes widened, the tears she was holding back now threatening to spill once more. Abby gave Volt a confused look and traced her eyes to her sleeping brother, and her face instantly turned to scarlet.

“What the FUCK, Chase!?”

*119*2016-05-14 02:41

{{On 5/8/2016 at 0:56 AM, guest said:

Huh, so people in pokemon world play terraria, too. That's neat.

But who in their right mind attacks the Eater of Worlds before getting the cobalt shield?!?

}}

Noobs :3.

Expect story tomorrow NIGHT~. See you guys then!

*120*2016-05-14 21:53

### Chase ---

Whether it’s the old-fashioned ring of my grandfather’s handmade clock, to the modern, digital chimes of my cellphone, I’ve always loathed the heralding chimes of the morning.

This one in particular.

“What the FUCK, Chase!?”

My eyes blurred open, and I noticed my sister standing across the room. My head pounded, likely from the rude awakening, and I shielded my eyes from the onslaught of light. From my waist up I was nude, wearing only my boxers. I hazily remembered taking my clothes off in the middle of the night – too hot, I think – and it was a choice I was rapidly learning to regret.

“Get up, you sack of shit!” Abby raged. “What did you do?”

I scooted away from my obviously hostile sibling, careful to extract myself from the equally startled Kevin, and shield my manhood from view, which was just as excitable as I was confused and startled.

“Why are there so many people in my room?” I grumbled, rubbing my eyes.

“Is this the reason I had to take care of Volt this weekend?” Abby roared. “So you could sleep with Kevin?”

Kevin shrunk back, still in a mild sleep induced haze. “Who’s sleeping with me?”

“How could you not tell me about this!? I’m your sister. I told you about my lesbian thoughts; how could you not tell me about something this important!? What are we going to tell Mom?”

Hanging by the door, Volt sniffled quietly, large tears forming on the side of her eyes. Kevin was bewildered, Abby was irate, and Volt was heartbroken.

This was a mess.

I rubbed my face, clearing my head. “Abby, you’re reading this wrong-”

“And moreso, how could you do this knowing how Volt feels about you!? Sleeping around in the same house as a Pikachu you know has feelings towards you?”

[Abby!] Volt chirped a betrayed, heartbroken squeal.

“Kevin!” I shouted. “Go code – we have more work to do, and this isn’t your conflict. Abby: You’re wrong, I’m not gay, and I’ll explain later.”

“But-”

“You’re wrong. It’s too early to explain this; I’ll grab coffee with you after the nightmare of this weekend is settled.” And I dismissed her with a wave of my hand.

Kevin scuttled out, but Abby wasn’t as easily persuaded. I sighed, contented at least I was at least less…attentive now, and stood up. Volt cradled the doorframe, unsure of whether to walk in or leave, and elected instead to simply shut her eyes, trembling.

I gestured to Volt. “Let me take care of this. You can stay with Kevin if you want and get the details from him, but right now, this is more important, okay?”

Abby bit her lip. “You better not hurt her.”

I gave Abby a glare, and at last, she relented and joined Kevin in the kitchen. Volt stood in place, her eyes scanning every part of the room but me, unsure of what to do, or what to feel.

Gently, I patted the side of the bed. She slowly walked forward, bounding the last few steps, and leapt onto the purple comforter. Her foot slipped just as she landed, but I managed to catch her paw and help her up the rest of the way.

I felt somewhat awkward, likely disheveled from sleep and mostly nude, but if Volt didn’t seem to notice. She snuggled by my side, her eyes distant and untrusting.

[Did…you sleep with Kevin?] She asked quietly, still curled by my side.

“Yes.” I nodded. “Kevin needed a place to sleep, and I didn’t want him using your bed without your permission. Plus, he’s taller, and his feet would probably dangle off the edge.”

[But, I mean, did you guys-]

“No.”

Volt nodded, some of the light returning to her eyes. She wiped her eyes with a paw, and stood up on my bed. [Sorry if I, um, overreacted-]

“Pfff. You weren’t the one that overreacted.”

Volt chuckled lightly, scooting closer.

I leaned back in thought. “I think…life has been a bit rough to him, and he’s in a bit over his head, but in the end, yeah, I like him. He’s a good friend, and a fun person.”

[But, like, romantically-]

“No.”

Volt nodded again, leaning her head against my thigh.

“I’m not.” I smiled.

[Okay.]

For a moment, nothing happened. I leaned against my bed’s headboard, content for a few moments of bliss. Between the blur of work from this week’s coding marathon to Abby’s craziness, nothing was a welcome feeling.

[I, um, I didn’t know what Abby meant, by the way.] Volt stammered, ringing her paws. [When she, um, mentioned the thing about me having feelings…]

I brushed my hands between her ears, attempting to calm her somewhat. “If you did, I wouldn’t be mad.”

[What would you be?] She perked up, staring me in the eyes. [W-what would you do?]

“I would just want to talk to you about it, before anything.”

Another moment passed, and I rubbed her head calmly.

She murmured quietly.

“I love you too, Volt.” I nodded. “Do you love me in a romantic way?”

A blush crossed her face, and she nodded slowly. [C-could you ever love a Pokemon like that? In a romantic way?]

“Honestly, I’m not sure. I’m not sure if I’ve ever loved anyone in a romantic way before. Even with humans, I just…don’t feel attached that way, I guess.”

I turned towards her. “Hmm?”

Volt nodded sharply, her face a light crimson.

I smiled despite myself.

[I mean, we can still be friends, but not, like, just friends for that evening. Like, romantically together. Potentially.]

Maybe it was the sleep deprivation, or maybe it was some desire that had been hiding in my inner thoughts for far too long, but honestly, I wasn’t stressed. Something about this seemed natural, and I felt that if this didn’t take, it wouldn’t be the end of our relationship.

At worst, it’s something silly we can joke about for years to come.

And at best…

I could think of worse things to wake up to then those beautiful, sparkling seafoam eyes.

“Sure thing.”

And, just as quick, Volt’s eyes grew wide. [Wait! I d-don’t know how to cook, though! And I don’t have any money, so, I don’t know what to do. Maybe this isn’t a good idea, maybe I’m not good enough-]

I silenced her with a hug. “How about a walk in the park, a movie with popcorn, and snuggles?”

Volt blushed happily.

“Awesome. Let’s do that on Thursday, so I have time to finish work stuff, and so I can focus on us, okay?”

[Okay!] Volt chirped, scurrying down the hall. [Hey Abby! Guess what? Chase and I are going on a date! We’re going to be snuggling with movies, except it’s going to be sexier, and maybe we’ll kiss at the end! Wait. Can you teach me how to kiss?]

### ooo ---

Tuesday.

Thankfully, we had Monday off for the Day of Concord, a celebration of the 34th year of peace between Pokemon and Humans. We choose to celebrate it cramming for Tuesday, stuffing our website with all the bells and whistles we had forgotten on the previous days, and making sure it was just as polished and perfect as the original.

Well, minus the faulty code.

With a mixture of guilt, pride, and dread, Kevin and I stepped into the foreboding archways of the Jervus Tax Group entrance. We were early – naturally – and we quickly snuck to my cubicle, where we powered my desktop on and slid in the thumbdrive.

“D-did you fix it?”

“You’re hilarious.” I shot Kevin an annoyed glace as I loaded up our hosting platform, and began swapping the old files for the new.

“How long will it take?”

I swapped the files, and checked the uploading rate. “…Twenty minutes.”

A bell rang at the entrance, signaling someone else was in the building.

I peeked up from my cubicle, and cursed. “Mable’s here!”

“Shit! Wait, which Mable?”

“Boss-Mable!”

And right behind her, a slimy looking Travis walked in tow, sporting an ill-fitting suit with a red bow tie. His Ekens followed, swaying back and forth as it squeezed though the entrance.

“Stall them!” I hissed.

“How!?”

“I don’t know! Give them a sob story about your sneezing Bulbasaur needing an eye replacement therapy or something!”

“…That’s not funny, that’s a serious thing.”

“Go!”

“Kevin stumbled forward, dashing slightly too quickly towards Mabel.

Mable was in her fifties, with gray and white hair in a strong, tightly-knit bun. In truth, she didn’t know anything about web development, but Travis certainly could. Kevin blocked their path, sporting an enormous grin.

“Hey, did you see the surprise outside?”

“The…the what?” Mable furrowed her brow, turning to look outside.

“Oh! Chase, she missed it. Here, come outside and let’s see if you can find it.”

Mabel shrugged, letting Kevin lead her right back out the building. Travis followed, significantly more suspicious.

And I replaced files on the network faster than anyone had ever before, and since.

### ooo ---

“All these files have been replaced, as of…today, actually. Three minutes ago.”

“Oh, that’s due to the backup.” I swallowed, trying not to let the beads of sweat dribble down my forehead. “It loads every three days, and makes sure everything is updated in case of an outage. I can show you how it works, if you’d like.”

Please say no, please say no…

“I’m sure it’s fine, thank you for diligence.” Mable nodded, turning towards her office.

Travis stared blankly at the screen, his nose almost grazing the bluish light, pouring over the details. “I don’t…I don’t understand. Your infrastructure was terrible. Your naming convention was abysmal. Your website was piecemealed together by…hope alone, how the hell…”

[Eat shit and die, you lunatic!] Kevin thought, grinning ear to ear behind my nemesis.

“Sorry to disappoint.” I gulped, shooting a mental jab at Kevin that we were far from safe. “Maybe Mable showed you the old website by mistake? We updated this quite some time ago, but she may have had the wrong file?”

Kevin shook his head. “…I guess.”

“Need anything before you leave?” Kevin asked, gesturing to the door.

Travis shrugged, eyeing a camera by my cubicle before throwing on his coat. “’Suppose not. Your boss has my card; she’ll have an invoice shortly. See you around, faggot.”

As far as everything was considered, I wasn’t even upset. I had my website done, my job was safe, Volt was happy, my sister wasn’t pissed at me, and my life was pretty good. Despite everything though, I still felt a pit of guilt in my chest from Travis.

I still owed him an apology. It was far overdue, but it was the right thing.

“…Travis.” I held the door open for him, and he shot me a suspicious glance. “I just wanted to say, I’m sorry for what I did. We were all little messes in highschool, but it was my choice not to take the highroad. And for that, I’m…honestly sorry.”

I felt a small weight lift off my chest. Travis, however, looked mystified.

He furrowed his massive eyebrows. “The hell are you talking about?”

“The book. Your Spanish book.”

Travis’ confused expression turned dark. “…What do you mean?”

“I just wanted to say I was sorry for, you know, wrecking it. Drenching it, tearing out all the pages and stuff. I thought you would get in trouble, but I guess I didn’t know how much-”

“I got expelled!” Travis shoved me back into the building, his fists balled. “The one thing I didn’t do was the thing that ruined my life! No one believed me! They thought I tore up my book itself, to freaking teach the school a lesson! They thought the book was covered in piss!”

I swallowed. “Well, I mean, they weren’t wrong…”

Travis grabbed his switchblade, and leveled it at my throat. “You ruined. My. Life.”

I took a step back. Out of the corner of my eye, I caught Mable on the phone, hopefully with the authorities.

Kevin swiped a pokeball off his belt. “Hey man. You’re out of line.”

“You serious?” Travis motioned to his Ekans, who gladly stood before him, barring his teeth at Kevin. “I’ll kill your stupid Pokemon, and afterwards, I’ll have Ekans eat the both of you.”

I swallowed. [You a better battler than you are a programmer?]

[You kidding? My only Pokemon is a near-blind asthmatic.]

[Great.] I nodded. [Now, we’re both going to die.]

