Plane accident

Author: Ongeluk

*000*2011-04-03 12:14

Hello,

Here's my latest story.

It involves loli humiliation so if you don't like it, don't read it ;)

Comments are welcome.

“Thank you ma'am,” The cute girl looked up as I served their meals, “You know, it's the first time I take the plane.”

“And are you enjoying it?” I asked politely.

“Yes very much, it's so exciting!” She answered with a big shiny smile, “First I was a little bit afraid but daddy told me there's nothing to worry about. Plus, I'm almost twelve now and I shouldn't be afraid of anything.”

“That's true, you look like a very brave kid.” I complimented her with a smile.

Her smile grew even larger as she thanked me for the compliment. I had seen a lot of cute kids on many flights, but she seemed to have something different. Although she looked quite a bit younger than her eleven years and seemed to have close to no breasts, there was something undefinable that rendered her unbelievably beautiful. I didn't know if it was due to her long and smooth blond hair, shining like gold, her really huge green eyes, her soft pale skin or the cutest smile I had ever seen. It was probably the combination of all these elements that made her look so insanely loveable. She was wearing a simple short jeans and a finely embroidered white top. Except for the pair of wings, she had everything of an adorable angel. I was so charmed that I even told her parents they were lucky to have such a cute and bright little girl and they thanked me with a proud smile.

When she finished her meal, she started reading a story for her younger brother who seemed to be around eight years old. Her soft voice quickly led him to the land of dreams. As he slept, she laid a soft loving kiss on his forehead and decided she would enjoy a little nap too. She made herself comfortable and fell asleep, exhibiting the loveliest innocent face I can remember.

As the flight was about five hours long, it was a good thing if kids managed to sleep so they didn't get too bored or excited. We had taken off in the middle of the night in order to reach our destination early in the morning so the kids were quite tired and didn't have trouble sleeping. They indeed slept very well for close to four hours, far away from any trouble typically endured by adults.

When she woke up, she felt a strong need to empty her bladder. Careful not to disturb her sleeping brother, she slowly stood up and headed to the bathroom. People were lining up in the alley on both sides of the door and entered turn by turn. The girl counted there were about ten persons before her. If each one spent three minutes in the lavatory, what seemed to be the norm, she'd have to wait at least half an hour before her turn. She sighed at the thought but was confident she'd make it. She wasn't really desperate and half an hour wasn't that long but she seemed annoyed that she'd have to stand in the line waiting.

After thirty minutes, a lady from the other side entered the bathroom. As she was next, according to the implied order, the young girl rejoiced a little, knowing it was just a matter of minutes before she could relieve herself. The feeling in her abdomen had become quite annoying and she was looking forward to get rid of it. Still, she showed no sign of desperation and acted very casual as if she could hold it one more hour.

The lady had been in there for more than five minutes and the patient child started to feel very uncomfortable. The pressure in her bladder was now quite intense and she couldn't keep herself from squirming slightly from time to time. What was this lady doing that could last that long? What if she staid in there even longer? She knew she wouldn't be able to hold it a lot longer and started to worry about the outcome of this situation. She blushed a bit when a spasm forced her to clench her legs and to bend forward, trying to help her tired floodgates resist the pressure. She seemed ashamed to reveal her desperation so openly but it was still better than peeing herself right there. Finally, the lady opened the door and left the bathroom.

As the little girl shifted aside to let her through, a fat man from the other side quickly sneaked into the bathroom before the poor child even managed to say anything. Her jaw dropped and her eyes grew wide open. She was starring at the door in disbelief wondering how someone could be so shameless and disrespectful of basic social rules. At the same time, my colleague announced the imminent descent and asked all passengers to get seated and fasten their seat belt. As she didn't seem to move, I walked up to her.

“Young lady,” I told her, “Please return to your seat, we're going to land.”

“Wait,” She begged, “I really need to go, just a minute please!”

“Come on,” I said, “You are a big girl, you can certainly hold it for a few more minutes, can't you?”

“I'm... n-not sure...” She mumbled shyly, clearly embarrassed to be forced to admit it to a stranger.

“Well, that would really suck for you,” I answered with a faint smile, “Now, back to your seat.”

She seemed hesitant for a couple of seconds, wondering if she should plead some more. Her desperation was quite obvious and she was biting her lip in order to hold her tears. Her legs were firmly glued together and her lovely buns were cutely protruding as she bent forward, resisting another spasm assaulting her immature body. I kinda felt bad for her as she was such a nice girl and looked quite desperate but I had no choice: my job was also to make sure everybody followed the rules and I certainly didn't want to lose it.

“Now!” I repeated, pointing in the direction of her seat.

She understood there would be no arguing with me and reluctantly walked to her seat with small steps.

As I walked past her row a minute later, her dad stopped me: “Ma'am, why didn't you let my daughter use the bathroom?”

“I would have loved to,” I replied, “But we're landing in a few minutes and all passengers must be seated and wear their seat belt for descent and landing.”

“She's been waiting in the line for over half an hour and you prevent her from going when she's right in front of the door. Can't you see needs to go urgently?”

“Those are the rules, sir. It's for her safety.” I answered kindly. “Besides, if your daughter has wetting problems, you should have her see a doctor or wear diapers.”

The young girl didn't say anything and kept starring at the floor in shame. Anyway there was nothing I could do for her and even if I could, I didn't want to take care of every little kids who needed to pee, or I would have looked for a job in a kindergarten.

“But she doesn't have wett...” Her dad started, unable to hide his frustration.

“Then she will be fine!” I interrupted him, smiling at them while proceeding towards an idle seat nearby and leaving them completely speechless.

Her dad wrapped his arm around her shoulders, leaning towards her. “Come on, Milly, you can hold it for ten more minutes, I know you can. Be strong.” He comforted her.

“I'll try, daddy.” She softly whispered, still fighting to hold her tears. In fact, she was almost sure she wouldn't make it. Her more-than-full bladder was inflicting her a severe pain in the abdomen. Both hands stuck between her shaking clenched legs, she frequently closed her eyes with a painful expression indicating she was burning her last resources. As she bounced on her seat, the additional pressure applied by her seat belt on her waist pushed her desperation to an almost unbearable point. She could feel her pee pushing at the exit of her urethra and pressed as hard as she could on her young girlhood to prevent it from rushing out.

As the plane entered a zone of light turbulence, she clenched her legs even tighter and her wriggling motions went uninterrupted from then on. Slowly, a hot tear made its way down her red cheeks and into her neck, followed by another one, and yet another one. She was silently sobbing as she realized she had no chance to make it. She'll have to wait at least five minutes before she'd be allowed to remove her seat belt and relieve her aching bladder. For sure, she would be wetting herself in front of her parents, her little brother and all the other passengers. Although there's nothing she could do about it, that humiliating thought frightened her. She leaned forward, her head almost resting on her knees, and pushed on her fingers with all her strength, causing her panties and jeans to invade the inside of her innocent body. Her dad was gently patting her back, trying to give her some courage and praying she would hold it till she reached a bathroom.

When the plane finally touched the ground, the shock was greater than Milly had expected. She gasped as she felt the warm wetness of a first spurt force its way out of her desperate pee hole.

“Noooo!” The exhausted girl started crying as the sticky feeling expanded through her panties into her short jeans, soaking her fingers, running down her crotch and trickling between her ass cheeks. She looked down in shame and witnessed the dark spot growing slowly between her thin legs. After a few seconds and with great efforts, she managed to put an end to the dirty hot stream by pushing her hands deeper into her violated intimate parts. The pain she was enduring, adding to her extreme desperation, caused a steady flood of warm tears to rush out of her eyes, dripping on her shorts and drawing small stains near the humiliating dark spot between her shaking legs.

After a few minutes, the plane came to a stop and the 'fasten your seat belt' light went off. She painfully released herself from her seat belt and stood up, her knees still tightly clenched together and her right hand partly buried inside herself. She glanced down at the soiled seat and realized her leak had been even more important than she had thought. What would her dad think? And her little brother? She didn't have the time to consider all this right then, so she started to make her way to her salvation. As everybody was invading the alley and she could only take very small steps, it took her a while to reach the bathroom. On her way, she endured several unpleasant spasms rocking her petite body, each one causing hot squirts to jet out of her powerless girlhood, trickling past her fingers between her legs and leaving small humiliating stains on the carpet behind her.

When she finally stood in front of the door, she felt a little bit confused as she wondered how to open it. She painstakingly extracted a hand from her crotch and gently pushed on the door. Of course, the door didn't move: she had to push on both doors at a particular place in order too get it open. Those plane lavatory doors can be tricky sometimes... I wondered if she would figure it out on time (although her evidently soaked shorts testified she was already late.) She did understand that she would need both hands to get it open and reluctantly removed the grip from her girlhood, the last barrier saving her from a complete humiliation. She clenched her legs as hard as she could while her shaking hands randomly pushed on the doors. Meanwhile, a light but steady flow started to run down between her thighs and around her thin legs, showing obvious glistering tracks.

“Nooooo” She squealed as she desperately attempted to get the door open.

She was doing it wrong and I actually enjoyed watching her in such desperation as I was now sure that she wouldn't manage to open the doors. At the same time, the fat man who had stolen her turn fifteen minutes earlier ran down the ally, clearly impatient to get off the plane. He carelessly bumped into the crying girl as he passed by, causing her to lose balance and to fall flat on her butt, her back against the doors. She looked up in disbelieve then quickly looked down again, contemplating in shame the unwanted torrent that was spurting out of her tortured girlhood.

She had absolutely no energy left to fight the hot flood streaming out of her. Sitting against the bathroom's door, she brought her knees to her chest and buried her red face between them, wrapping her arms around her shivering legs. She sat there crying her eyes out while golden liquid was uncontrollably pouring out of her poor defeated pee hole with a slightly audible hissing sound. She felt the warm wetness spread quickly between her thighs and under her butt while the carpet absorbed most of her embarrassing fluid.

For the nearby observers, the dark spot expanding around her left no doubt about her accident. They watched in silence and with some compassion the mortified trembling girl who had surrendered to her bladder's will. As she was shamefully sitting in a near fetal position, there was no way to tell she was eleven. She looked more like a six years old although quite tall for that age. With her red face covered by scintillating tears and her ruffled hair, the soiled little angel looked even cuter than before.

When her bladder finally agreed to put an end to the messy flow, an old lady bent down to comfort the still sobbing and deadly embarrassed girl.

“Poor child! Air travel can be quite stressful. Come on, it's over now. Where are your parents?” She kindly asked while helping her to get up.

Milly pointed to the front of the plane. Big drops of pee were trickling from her drenched shorts down her legs as the old lady guided the disgraced child to her parents. She diligently followed the woman, while the wet jeans fabric clung to her smooth skin, emphasizing the cute roundness of her small butt.

“Why did you do that Milly?” Her little brother starred at her in disbelieve. How could his older sister, for whom he had so much admiration, soak herself like a little kid? It hadn't even happened to him since he was six and there she was, at almost twelve, pitifully standing in tears with her drenched shorts. She kept looking at her feet, unwilling to see her brother's and parent's expressions. Her dad thanked the lady and knelt in front of his dripping daughter. He wrapped his arms around her waist and patted her back.

“You did everything you could.” He said with a soft voice, “It's no big deal, it can happen to anybody.”

He pulled her closer to him and hugged her paternally while she hid her burning face on his shoulder, wrapping her arms around his neck. He gently picked her up, not caring about wetting his shirt, and headed towards the exit. Her mom and little brother followed with the handbags. As they walked out of the plane, they were greeted by a warm sun shining in the spotless blue morning sky.

“Don't worry Milly, it will dry off in no time.” Her little brother comforted her.

Although he still didn't understand how and why she had such an accident, he just wanted her to be smiling and playful again as soon as possible.

When all passengers had left, I went back into the plane and ran the whole story again in my head till I realized I would have to clean up the mess...

Crap!

*006*2011-04-04 22:02

Hmmm... The fat guy is nobody. Had he been a bald guy the story would be exacltly the same. There's absolutely no work on his character and you won't see him again.

But there will be other huge assholes in Milly's next stories ;)

@famousfan: yes, I'll do more. I've in stock a lot of situation in which the two girls could wet themselves. I've to put extra work into variation as I tend to always use the same vocabulary and structure all the time. When I post more, I have to find something to add or it will soon be boring.

