Pokemon Omorashi epic! - Page 7

Author: Alexxx

*153*2012-10-31 15:57

(Nova POV)

I slowly woke up, and stretched under the warm, soft sheets of my bed. Yawning slowly, I turned to gaze out the hotel window to see if I had to get up yet or not. The sky was a sickly shade of greenish gray, and blotted out any chance of sunlight, making it impossible to tell the time.

"Hey Static?" I whispered quietly. I didn’t get a response, but then again maybe I was too quiet. I didn’t want to say it too loud though…

"Hey Static…!" I whispered a bit louder.

"W…what." Static’s slow, sleeping thoughts brushed against my own.

"Are you awake?"

"…Do I sound awake…?" He thought grumpily, pulling the sheets over his head.

‘I’ll wait, I guess.’ I thought to myself, looking at the gloomy sky. Would the festival still be held in such bad weather? I always hated storms…the water hurt my tail, and the thunder always scared me. Why couldn’t every day be filled with sunshine?

"Hey Nova, you up?" Josh’s thought’s hummed in my mind, vibrant and energetic. Had he been up awhile?

"Yeah!" Did you see the clouds?"

"Yeah, it looks pretty bad, huh? Luckily most of the festival stuff are in booths, plus it doesn’t look like it’s raining quite yet. Do you still want to go?"

I hesitated. I know Static and Josh wanted to go, but I didn’t like storms. I would rather just sit in the room and curl up until it passed…but I also didn’t want to disappoint them. I didn’t want to be the outcast…

"Y-yeah, wouldn’t miss it!" I lied.

"Awesome! Static is still sleeping I presume?"

"Oh yeah, he’s gone." I couldn’t help grinning as I heard him snoring in the bed next to me.

"Nice. Mind letting me in so I can wake him up?"

"Sure, gimme a sec." I hopped off the bed, and walked to the door. After struggling for a few moments, I turned the handle, and Josh walked in.

"…Unless, of course, you want to wake him." Josh grinned.

"I’m, um, I’m okay." I stammered. "You can do it."

"Hah, if you insist." Josh rolled his eyes, and walked up to Static’s bed, redirecting his thoughts at Static.

"Hey Static, we’re gonna be late to school! Did you finish the project?" Josh smiled evilly. Static’s eyes shot open and he swung at an invisible foe.

"Shit! Yeah, yeah, I finished it! We don’t get to science until eleven, right?" Static’s petrified eyes darted wildly around the room. He scrambled around getting tangled in his sheets, before falling out of bed in the tangled mess. A low groan could be heard.

"...Josh..." Static suddenly sounded more coherent and upset. "We’re not even in school anymore, are we?"

"No, Static." Josh grinned.

"That was mean." Static pouted, slowly untangling himself.

I smiled at their shenanigans. "What was that about, Josh?"

"Last year, Static promised to do my science project for my birthday. It was about electricity, so I figured it would be easy for him."

"Guilt trip guilt trip, yeah, yeah, yeah." Static muttered.

"Let me finish." Josh smiled. "So anyway, day we’re supposed to turn it in, Static realized he forgot to do it. I woke him up in that fashion, and of course realized that he didn’t do it. I got a zero on it, of course. Happy birthday to me!"

"Shut up, I said I was sorry!" Static was now freed of the blankets, and gave josh an adorably apologetic face.

"I know, but I’m still gonna make fun of you for it for the rest of time." Josh grinned.

"You’re evil." Static concluded.

"Perhaps." Josh smirked. "Are you up?"

"With an ulcer, yeah." Static grumbled.

"Well, that’s what Pokecenters are for." Josh laughed. "Let’s go!"

*154*2012-11-03 18:10

(Nova POV)

It had begun to pour by the time we arrived at the festival. There were many people, all smiling and laughing beneath the stalls. Most wore raincoats of all different colors, but a small few wore no protection from the elements, and laughed despite their soaked demeanor. Perhaps, if this many people could enjoy themselves, maybe I could too…

I winced as another raindrop hit my tail’s flame. It burned like acid as it dissolved from my fire’s warmth.

"Hey, what’s that face for?" Josh asked, noticing my grimace. "Is something wrong?"

"The rain…hurts my tail." I said. I hated how pathetic I sounded…

"What do you mean?"

"It’s…weird." I explained, "My fire isn’t a normal fire. It doesn’t catch things on fire, or give off much heat, and it’s more resistant to water. Like, if I got pushed in the pool it wouldn’t go out, it would just get dimmer."

"But the rain hurts it?"

"Mmhmm, it makes the fire harder to maintain. I mean, I’m fine, I didn’t mean to complain…just…never mind." Josh looked concerned for a moment, before suddenly walking to one of the stands.

"Does red work for you?" Josh asked me, handing a few coins to a woman at the booth.

"What? What are you-"

Josh grabbed a small implement from the woman, stood back, and pressed a button. Suddenly the device shot out from him growing in size, and spread itself out with large, silver talons connected by sinewy red skin.

I flinched backwards before realizing it was an umbrella.

“Here.” Josh spoke, handing me the umbrella. I suddenly felt terrible; he was soaked. His once orange, spiky hair now clung to his face, dripping with rain. His clothes were drenched, and his shoes squelched with every step.

"T-thanks…" I murmured, grasping the umbrella. "B-but don’t you need one too?"

"Nawww, I’m fine. The rain doesn’t hurt me, plus this weather is rare in Kanto. I enjoy the beautiful days, but you also learn to enjoy the rain."

"Well, gosh…thank you…"

"Don’t mention it." Josh smiled. "Hey Static, do you want a-"

"MAN, I’m a Pokemon." Static interrupted proudly, "I don’t NEED any of your human stuff. I was born outside, raised outside, and lived outside. We Pikachu are made of the harder stuff, not like wobbly knees over here."

"Static, be nice." Josh lectured. Static ignored him and cupped his hands, collecting the rainwater then drinking it. "Static that’s gross. If you’re thirsty, just tell me and we’ll get a bottle of water."

"Man, I’m a Pokemon, I don’t need your ‘bottled water’!"Static retorted.

"Then you’re also not going to need our ‘Pokemon Centers’ when you get sick." Josh smirked. Static stuck his tongue at him. "Hey Nova, see anything you want to do?"

I quickly scanned the nearby booths, and noticed many odd but fun looking games. One in particular had you try to shoot water at a mechanical Pikachu, and when you hit it enough times you won a prize. The Pikachu reminded me of Static, and made me giggle.

"Can we do that one Josh?" I asked, tugging on his pant leg and pointing to the booth.

"Yeah sure."

*156*2012-11-08 22:36

"I can’t believe you missed it with all that time!" Static yelped. "The guy even gave you extra time, since you were the only one there, and you STILL couldn’t hit it!"

"Static…" Josh started. "Be ni-"

"Well, maybe I was distracted by the other annoying Pikachu dancing around while I was trying to shoot." I retorted. I had tried for SO LONG to think of something to get Static back, but had I crossed the line? Josh gave me a shocked expression.

Static laughed. "See Josh? Nova can handle himself."

"Evidently!" Josh flashed me a smile, and I gave a small yelp of personal victory.

"So now where to?" Static asked.

"Dunno. Nova went last, so I guess it’s your turn." Josh responded. "What do you want to do?"

"There was a cool booth I saw awhile back where you had to pop some ballons…" Static trailed off. I lost interest, and turned toward the booth Static was describing to see a girl materialize out of the fabric. I jumped back startled, and looked wildly at Josh and Static for conformation of what I just saw.

"Did you see that!?" I squealed.

"What?" Josh turned, startled by my interruption of static.

"That! T-that girl just walked out of the booth!"

"Oh, they can do that." Josh explained, "It’s probably her lunch break or something."

"No! I mean, she walked OUT of the booth! Like, she walked THROUGH the wall of the booth, like out of the curtain!"

"See, this is what happens when Pokemon drink bottled water." Static sneered.

"I know what I saw!" I insisted, upset. Hot tears brimmed from my eyes. Josh kneeled in front of me to look at me directly.

"Can you describe once more what you saw?" He asked calmly. I took a deep breath and tried to steady my emotions.

"O-okay. I saw this girl come out of the side of the booth. She just walked out of it like it was air, and it was…kind of scary." I admitted. "Like, at one point half of her was in the booth, and half of her was out. It was like she was cut in half for a second, but she was fine…"

"Are you sure this is what you saw?"

I nodded. "Yeah, definitely. That’s her, over there. Do…do you believe me, Josh?" Josh looked in the direction I pointed.

"A Pokemon that could use that kind of shape shifting or illusions are pretty rare. Still, it’s too much of a chance to let slip by. Are you positive that’s what you saw?"

"Yes." I shook with slight indecision. I did see it, right? I wasn’t lying…

"Aright then, we have the element of surprise." Josh grinned, grabbing an ultraball from his pack. "Static, use fake-out on that woman!"

"Have you gone INSANE!?" Static glared incredulously at Josh. "You want me to trust NOVA on this, to attack a HUMAN?"

"I want you to trust me on this. Whoever I put faith in is my concern, but I always knew you trusted me. Do you trust me, Static?"

Static gulped. "’Till the end, and back again."

"Alright then. Static, use fake out!"

Static weaved through the crowd and raced toward the girl. The girl turned and looked bewildered at the determined Pikachu racing towards her.

“Pikah!” Static exclaimed, refusing to hesitate as he attacked the girl.

*158*2012-11-09 15:12

{{: 

Isn't is Josh and Static?

}}

(Fixed, thanks)

*160*2012-11-15 23:51

(Josh’s POV)

The wide eyed girl braced herself as Static ran at her full speed. Just before his palms smashed against her, a green protective sphere glistened around her. Static’s paws bounced off the shield, and his momentum caused him to bounce off the shield as well, in a less than graceful display.

"Arrrggg, it knew!" Static howled in frustration. "What’s next!?"

‘So, it knows protect…’ I thought to myself. ‘Thunderbolt is a safe option, as almost any likely Pokemon she may be is at least partially affected. There was a news report on a Latios sighting near the area…or was it a Latias? Either way, hidden power ice would be super effective…'

‘…unless….’

"Static, use Brick Break!" I shouted. Static’s palm grew orange in response, and he smashed it against the girl. I tensed up for just a moment…a blow of that kind to a human may break a bone or two. I trusted Nova, but then again…

“Zaaaaah!” The girl cried in outrage, vanishing into the form off a small black fox. I breathed a sigh of relief. The fox glared at Static, clutching a small apple in its tiny mouth. Its red eyes suddenly flared, and a wave of black energy exuded from its tiny frame. The negative energy washed over static and flung him back several feet.

"Arrrrrg!" He though, gritting his teeth. "What is that!?"

"It’s a damn nice catch." I grinned, pressing the button on the Ultraball, causing it to enlarge. I aimed accordingly, and tossed the ball at the small fox. The fox yelped as its form deteriorated into the shining red light, and disappeared into the Ultraball. The Ultraball fell to the ground and shook, representing the struggle between the advanced technology and the Pokemon’s desire to be free.

Everything went momentarily silent as Static, Nova and I watched the Ultraball shake. Static looked bad after the first hit…could he handle another blow? If he fainted, I could only send out Nova, and he certainly couldn’t handle more than one strike from this Pokemon. Was it a mistake to engage this creature without further-

‘Click’ The Ultraball stopped shaking. I stared at it in awe. We did it?

A crowd of people around us suddenly cheered. I smiled, bewildered momentarily. In the heat of the moment, I had forgotten that there was a fair going on around us. As the battle commenced, a group of people around us had huddled to watch. At our victory, they cheered, and congratulated us on the capture of what must have been a rare Pokemon.

"Nice eye, Nova!" I patted him supportively on the head. He smiled up at me, pleased that he had made me proud.

"No one answered me!" Static panted. "What WAS that thing!?"

I kneeled down, and let him crawl up my arm, and hugged him appreciatively. "Thanks, you were awesome out there."

"No problem, it’s why I’m here!" he grinned as I offered him a potion. "But seriously, what was that thing?"

"I believe…" I surmised, "that we may have captures a Zorua."

*161*2012-11-20 15:04

“What an interesting Pokemon…I don’t believe I’ve seen it before.” The nurse at the Pokemon center muttered, examining the light signature given off by the Ultraball X-ray.

“Can you heal him?” I asked.

“Can I heal him…” The nurse rolled her eyes, mocking my question. “I’ve spent years doing this, of course I can heal any Pokemon. She’s a her, by the way.”

“Oh, um, right.” I gulped in unease. The nurse pushed the Ultraball in some machine, and pushed a sequence of keys. “Oh, also, can I purchase a Pokespeak for hi-, uh, for her?”

“Ah, trainers planning ahead as always.” She scoffed, handing me a pokespeak as I handed her the correct amount of change. We stood silent for a moment, before the machine dinged. She took out the Ultraball and handed it to me, then put on a fake smile. “There you are, good as new. Good luck on your journey!”

“Uh, yeah, thanks, you too!” As soon as he words slipped my mouth, I mentally slapped my forehead. She gave me a confused look before I awkwardly stumbled out of the door.

###

"You are the epitome of sex appeal in human form." Static sneered once we had walked a small distance away.

“Oh shut up.”

"Seriously. The way you wished the nurse to have a pleasant trip as she just sat there…"

“Shut up.”

"I particularly loved you stumbling into the automatic doors on the way out."

“Shut up!”

"It’s the small things that truly make you the sexual deviant you are." I snatched him from behind, and pretended like I was going to punt him. "Hey, put me down!"

"Hey Josh?" Nova asked as Static squirmed in my arms.

"What’s up, Nova?" I asked, reverting back to my Pokespeak.

"Are we gonna fight the next gym now?"

"Hmmm, I don’t know. I guess it depends on how you all are feeling, plus how the new Zorua on our team feels. What do you think Static?" Static suddenly became motionless. "Static? Are you okay?"

"Nope." He sagged, "My trainer was about to kick me. It’s Pokemon abuse. I’m not fit for battle, and I’m tellin’."

I rolled my eyes at his little prank. "Oh, are you now? Who are you going to tell?" Static suddenly grinned.

"The nurse back there, of course. By now, she must be well on her way to having a pleasant trip."

"DAMN IT STATIC!" I tossed him in the air, and he landed expertly on his paws, cackling as he did so.

"I’m kidding of course, I’m ALWAYS ready for battle!" Electricity crackled around his body, as if to confirm his statement.

"Of course you are." I smiled. "Alright, Nova?"

"I’m a bit scared, but I’m okay. With you to guide me, how can we fail, right?" Nova shakily responded. I shot him a reassuring smile.

"Awesome. Well, that’s two of the three. I guess it’s time to see what Zorua thinks!" I almost tossed the Ultraball, but suddenly hesitated.

"What, what?" Static piped up, "Throw the ball already!"

"Well…first impressions are important. Why don’t, um, why don’t you sit this one out, Stat?"

"W-what do you mean, ‘sit this one out’!?"

"You’re not…the best at first impressions. Using Nova as an example here. Nova, what did you think when you first saw Static, outside of the adoption place?"

"…I thought he was scary." Nova reluctantly admitted.

"OH COME ON!" Static exclaimed, "That’s NOVA! He thinks EVERYTHING is scary!"

"He’s kind of right…" Nova shrugged.

"See?! Even he agrees!" Static shouted.

"Alright, let’s put it this way." I rephrased my approach, "Your first encounter with her proved that you were powerful, quick, and a force to be reckoned with in battle – a true Alpha. Do you think you can top that in this encounter?"

Static hesitated. "W-well, I mean ummmm…" He thought for a moment, looked back at me, and then thought some more. "Well…" He pondered, "…maybe just this once."

"Alright. Return!" Static disappeared in his Pokeball with a flash of red light. I turned to Nova. "Are you ready?"

Nova gulped. "Do you think she’ll be nice?"

"There’s only one way to find out!" I grinned. "Go, Zorua!"

*164*2012-11-29 03:32

(Nova POV)

As soon as she reappeared, she gnashed her teeth in Josh’s direction. Her black fur stood on end, and her red eyes gleamed in anger and fear.

"Well, giving her the Pokespeak now might end in a few stitches. Can you talk to her Nova, try to calm her into chatting with me?" Josh asked me politely.

"Y-yeah, sure." I answered hesitantly. I swallowed my fear, and turned toward the strange new Pokemon.

“H-hi…there.” I gulped. The Zorua paid no attention to me, and continued growling at Josh. “You know, he’s not too bad of a guy actually. He’s a really nice trainer. The worst thing he’s ever done is sneeze on me once, and even that was on accident. Plus it was my fault because I was standing to close.”

The Zorua stopped glaring at Josh and turned to give me a puzzled look.

“Well, we were in a cave, and it was pretty musky, right?” I continued.

“Shut up.” She replied curtly.

“Okay.” I turned away sheepishly, and she continued to glare at Josh without trust. “Oh, um, I almost forgot. Can you plug something in your ear really quick?”

“What?!”

“Yeah, there’s this little device the humans made that lets us talk better with this little chip-”

“Oh my gosh they’ve BRAINWASHED YOU!” The Zorua said in fright, “That explains why you can’t shut up!”

“Hey, stop it. I’m not brainwashed, I can do whatever I want. You’re being mean. Josh just wants to talk, just let him put the thing in your ear.”

“Never. I’ll place it in my own ear to hear his TERMS, but only after you prove you’re not just his brainwashed slave.”

I opened my mouth to prove myself, then quietly shut it. What could I say that would prove I wasn’t brainwashed? I mean, I know I’m not brainwashed, but how could I prove it? I looked down at the grass confused.

"Hey Josh?" I asked after a moment, "How can I prove I’m not brainwashed?"

He chuckled for a moment. "Ummmmm…I don’t know. Tell her something only a Charmader would know."

“Ok ok ok, I got it!” I turned back to her, and she gave me a disinterested stare. “Did you know Charmander generally aren’t good swimmers?”

“You’re an idiot…but at least you aren’t brainwashed. If you were, you would have come up with something better than that…plus I suppose I’m really out of options with you and the yellow mouse on his side.” She sighed. “Tell him to toss the device by my side, and do his worst.”

“It won’t hurt, I promise!” I said.

“I’m sure.” She muttered, giving me a disbelieving look. I shrugged.

"Hey Josh, can you toss the Pokespeak to her? She doesn’t trust you enough yet for you to do it. She’s pretty scared, and also a little bit mean to be honest…"

"Yeah, sure." He reached into his pocket to grab the device, and tossed the Pokespeak onto the ground next to Zorua. She sniffed it cautiously before taking it in her paw. Cringing, she placed it onto her ear, where it clipped in place.

"There!" Josh thought triumphantly. "That wasn’t so hard, right Zorua?"

"AAUAUUUUUGH! How are you speaking to me?!" She placed her paws over her head in terror, shuttering horrendously.

"Relax, it’s just a machine that lets us talk. That’s all. I just want to talk for now."

"…normally…I am not allowed to speak to other leaders that are not my own…" The Zorua whispered cautiously into Josh’s and my mind.

"Why?" Josh asked curiously.

"We are lead by our strongest member. She is the one that creates the largest illusions, and speaks for our clan in times of hardship or trouble."

"Where is she?"

"She is…not here." The Zorua bowed mournfully. "I became separated from the pack. I was growing powerful, and the leader of the clan noticed I was becoming of age for evolution. She made me hold a strange stone. I don’t know why, and I could be wrong…" She looked aside in disgust. "I shouldn’t be talking about my leader at all. I should show nothing but honesty for what she has done for our clan. Rumors break strong ties, and I have no evidence to support my claims."

"What do you think happened?" Josh pried. The Zorua shot Josh an angry expression, then returned to a mournful state.

"I think…she may have tossed me into a bag and threw me on a boat." She glanced to the side, as if trying to appear more noble then her statement entailed. "She prepared my food as she did all the others, and she may have given me a mixture of something to put me in a deep rest. I could be wrong of course…but she was the only one of our kind capable of pulling off such a feat. Plus, I believe I heard her laughing…"

"That’s terrible!" Josh exclaimed, "How did you escape?"

"Well, I awoke tied inside the bag. It took hours of chewing, but eventually I tore myself a whole and freed myself. By then, all I could see was the ocean…"

"Was it scary?" I asked, shuddering as I pictured all that water.

"Yes. But the vastness of the ocean did not stir my fears, rather it was the thought I would be without my clan. We Zorua are not solitary creatures…we survive and thrive in the company of others. Once I escaped, I managed to steal some human food at one of their gatherings using an illusion. It was never enough, and even now I crave nourishment. I was never trained how to hunt, that duty fell on others in the tribe. I was trained on how to fend off other Pokemon and humans with illusions and attacks…

…without a leader, I fear I may not have much place in this world."

"You have Josh!" I pointed out. The Zorua shot a frustrated look at me, and I shrunk back.

"Hey, he’s right you know!" Josh grinned. "Technically, if leadership in your tribe is founded by strength, I am in procession of four different Pokemon, yourself included. If you choose to join me-"

"Choose?" She interrupted. "Don’t kid me human, I have no choice."

Josh picked up the Ultraball that belonged to the Zorua. At the push of a button, no matter where you were, that Ultraball held your signature, your DNA, who you really were. No matter where you were, you would be sent back into that ball, and placed into a stasis until summoned once again by the ball. It was a scary concept, but Josh never abused it.

Josh held up Zorua’s Ultraball. "Do you understand what this is, Zorua?"

"Of course." She hissed, "Do not take me for a fool. Even wild Pokemon understand the role of that human technology. While it is still intact-"

Josh suddenly opened the ball, and smashed the hinge against his knee. The ball snapped in half, and the circuits sparked, and then remained still. Zorua stared at Josh in confusion.

"The choice is yours." Josh spoke honestly.

"You would allow me to escape?" The Zorua looked at him in befuddlement.

"Yes." Josh nodded.

"Truly?"

"Yes." Josh confirmed. The Zorua looked at him once more in confusion, and took one step back. Then another. She turned to look back at Josh.

"…Why should I stay?" She inquired.

"Life of adventure, name written in glory as a long term goal." Josh grinned. "But in the short term, food every day, company, and friends. Rest on a regular basis, and you can survive without having to resort to thievery."

The Zorua looked down into the grass, deep in thought. "Y…you make a tempting offer. Food…I can handle myself, although it is hard. Company of honest individuals, even humans…seems much more of a tangible reward. We were never meant to be solitary creatures, and it’s been terribly lonely…but…" She hesitated. "Loyalty is priced above all else in our society. I…I can’t just turn on my leader, we’re not allowed…."

"You never turned on your leader." Josh pointed out, "She turned on you. You had no say, and in fact, were loyal to the end."

She sat on the grass, thinking about Josh’s words. "We are always loyal. It is the bonds that make our clan strong. Although I have been cast aside, that loyalty still resides in me, and if you graciously took me into your tribe, I would of course show the same loyalty to you, my new leader. Would you accept me?" Her red eyes gleamed, no longer tainted by fear or anger.

"I shall." Josh grabbed another Ultraball out of his pack, bowing solemnly. He pressed the ultraball lightly on the Zorua’s forehead, and she disappeared into a beam of red light.

"So…did we do it?" I asked Josh hesitantly.

"I guess so!" he smiled. "Couldn’t have done it without you!"

"Thanks…!" I beamed.

"You know what you have to do now of course…"

"What?" I asked, confused.

"Now we have to think of a name." He grinned, "’Black Hole’ doesn’t fit her nearly as much as ‘Nova’ does for you."

I smiled at his joke, and we walked down the trail, discussing what we would do next for the day.

*167*2012-12-06 15:05

(Nova POV)

"So…now what?" I asked. "It’s getting lateish…are we still going to the Gym tonight?" I asked.

"Hah, I forgot to ask our most recent party member. Let’s do it!" Josh tossed the Ultraball into the air, and it released a disoriented Zorua.

"That’s going to take some getting use to…" She winced, glancing in my direction. She turned and noticed Josh, and suddenly stood up straighter. "Why did you revive me, Josh?"

"Oh, I just wanted to ask you something." Josh answered. Zorua stood at attention, waiting for Josh’s question. "Um, do you know what a Pokemon Gym is?"

"Vaguely." She answered. "It similar to a competition, where humans and Pokemon battle for amusement, correct?"

"…Somewhat, yeah. Pokemon battle alongside trainers for badges, which prove our skills. With enough badges, a trainer can challenge the Pokemon League. If they win, they will be forever remembered as one of the best of the best, and will be famous all around the world. Very few succeed. This is my dream, along with static, my Pikachu whom you met earlier, and Skarr, my Skarmorry."

I waited for him to say my name, but he never did. Why didn’t he include me?

"You quest for a valiant goal." The Zorua spoke softly.

"Do you wish to join it?" Josh asked. "I will expect the best from you, and training will not always be fun. If you decline, you may still be part of the party. Not everyone has to enjoy battling, and even if it makes you uneasy, you are still welcome. Nova I’m sure will vouch that, although battling makes him uncomfortable, we still have fun together."

‘I…what?’ I thought with shock and disappointment. I mean, originally I was scared, but hadn’t I changed since I beat the rock gym? Didn’t my battle with the big Onix change anything? I wanted to believe in his dream as much as the others…did he not believe in me? Tears brimmed in my eyes, and I turned away.

"Yes!" The Zorua spoke confidently, "I shall earn my place by making you proud in battle!"

"Excellent. I know it’s late, but the Gym is still open. Would you like to grab a bite to eat, then go to the Gym?"

"Absolutely! I’m glad I have such an early opportunity to earn my keep." She bowed.

"Awesome! How about you, Nova? Are you still up for your second gym battle?"

I quickly wiped away the tears from my eyes, and turned back to Josh. "Y-yeah, definitely!"

"Alright!" Josh exclaimed, not noticing my prior demeanor. "and of course, if something happens, we’ll have static to back us up." He smiled reassuringly.

‘You mean, if I fail…’ I thought glumly, but just nodded.

"Alright! Let’s be off!"

###

We sat down at the restaurant and started eating, but I wasn’t hungry. Zorua ate a lot, and Josh enjoyed his food, but I wasn’t hungry. I was sad…I wanted to talk to Josh in private, but he didn’t need that right now…he was happy. Why didn’t he trust me? Was I not good enough, was I not the Pokemon he wanted?

…Was I not the Pokemon he was looking for a Matilda’s adoption house, and he found me by accident…?

I accidentally hiccupped with a sob before regaining my composure. Josh shot me a curious look.

"J-just eating too fast, sorry." I lied.

"Really? You’ve barely eaten. Are you sure you’re not hungry?"

"Yeah, I’m fine…"

Once the rest of the food came, Josh released Static to enjoy thimself, and to introduce himself more formally to Zorua. After Static yelped at Josh a bit for not letting him order his own food, everyone got along nicely. Even Static behaved himself around Zorua, and we all sat and joked, and had a pleasant conversation.

…well, all of us that mattered, I guess. I didn’t talk much…

"Oh, hey!" Static thought, mouth full of the spaghetti he didn’t order, "Zorua, we need to name you! It’s weird saying ‘Zorua’ this and ‘she-slash-her’ that. Something like, dark shadowy and illusiony."

"If you care, I already possess a name." She glanced at Static, who was covered in spaghetti meat sauce.

"Oh? Well, tell us then!"

"Par’thguanji."

We all looked around at each other for a moment in moderate insecurity before returning our gaze to her.

"Um, sorry, I didn’t catch that. Can you repeat it?"

" Par’thguanji." She repeated. "It has a special meaning in our tongue."

Josh gulped. "Well, then I guess you have a name. Welcome to the group, um, ‘Par’thguanji’."

Static laughed. "Yeeaaaah, that’s not happening, we’re gonna have to shorten that. How about ‘Parr’ or ‘Guan’ or something?"

"Static, that’s rude." Josh reprimanded. "Zor-" He coughed. " Par’thguanji, what does your name symbolize?"

"It means red eyes. Most of our kind possess blue, and seeing eyes of my distinction is rare. There are tales of blue furred Zorua with red eyes, but none with red eyes and red and black fur. Thus, I was named Par’thguanji, Red Eyes."

"Sheesh, that’s a mouthful. Didn’t they shorten it, or anything?" Static whined.

"Static, be polite. If she wants to be called her name, then that’s what we’ll do." Josh stated.

"Well, I mean, that was my name back in the tribe. Perhaps I should be re-named as I join a new group? As a kind of indoctrination?" Zorua pondered.

"Well, we don’t want to make you uncomfortable, but if you’re okay with it, sure. Do you have any idea, guys? Maybe, like Rose?" Josh chimed.

Static thought for a moment. "What about Cherry?"

"How about Myst?" I blurted out. Everyone turned to stare at me, and I felt self-conscious, so I added

"Because, you know, her illusions and stuff."

"That doesn’t have anything to do with red eyes." Static retorted. " I was thinking of, like you know, something RED. Like ‘Scarlet’ or ‘Ruby’ or-"

"Well I like it." The Zorua smiled at me, making me feel a little better. "’Myst’. It sounds mysterious and charming."

"Would you like us to call you that, then?" Josh asked the small Zorua. "Is that the name you want?"

"Yeah. Myst. I like that." Myst smiled.

"Alright then! Myst, Static, Nova, are you ready to conquer the gym?"

"Yeah!" Static and Myst cheered, raising their paws high. I raised my paw as well, but didn’t cheer like they did. Josh didn’t notice.

"Alright then! Let’s-" Josh almost completed his statement, then noticed the condition of Static’s face. "-hold on a sec, let me get a napkin."

"What?" Static questioned. Josh grabbed a napkin off another table and sat back down in his chair, facing Static.

"Hold still." Josh commanded Static, holding his head in one hand, and the napkin in the other.

"Hey!" Static cried in annoyance. "Stop, ack, quit, quit! I can do it myself!"

"No you can’t." Josh laughed, wiping off Static’s face. "Hold still, would you?"

"No! Stop, I’ll shock you! Seriously, don’t test me, I will! Quit!" Static yelped as Josh cleaned the rest of the spaghetti sauce off Static’s face.

"There. All done." Josh smirked.

Static growled with dismay. "Can we leave yet? Or are you not finished mutilating my face?"

"Oh Static, I couldn’t do anything to make your face look any more hideous."

"HEY!"

*170*2012-12-12 14:41

(Nova POV)

"What kind of snob generates this much trash!?" Static yelped. As offensive as his comment seemed, I kind of had to agree. There were more than thirty trashcans spread out in the middle of the gym, all filled to the brim with different types of garbage.

We walked with Josh between the trashcans until we arrived at a gate of vibrating electricity. It looked like it would hurt if we touched it…

…was our task to run right though?

"I bet I could do it." Static thought. "It’s electricity, so I shouldn’t take too much damage."

"Do you think you could turn it off from the other side?" Josh pondered.

"Probably. I’ll tell you what I see once I cross." Static crouched down, preparing to pounce.

“WAAAIT!” an electric trainers yelped, diving from his hiding place behind one of the trashcans. “Don’t TOUCH the electric barrier, you idiots!”

Josh turned around to face the trainer. “Oh? And what would you suggest we do then, one-who-hides-in-garbage?”

The trainer glared at Josh, face burning in embarrassment. “Hey, at least I didn’t try to touch a 100 volt fence!”

Josh pointed to retort, then stepped back. “Wait. Did you say 100 volts?”

“Yeah!” The trainer confirmed.

Josh rolled his eyes. “Pikachu, run through the barrier.”

Static jumped thorough the barrier without hesitation. Nothing happened as he passed through it unscathed. Upon landing on the other side, Static shot a confused glance at the barrier, and hesitantly touched it with his paw. Nothing happened.

“WHAT ARE YOU DOING!?” The Trainer screamed in outrage, “That could have KILLED your Pikachu!”

“No it couldn’t.” Josh ignored the trainer, and walked closer to the barrier. “100 volts isn’t enough to even harm my Pikachu, and it’s barely enough to give humans a mild shock, similar to touching a door knob.” Josh walked through the barrier unfazed.

“Y-you were supposed to…search though the garbage cans…” The Trainer mumbled to himself. Josh paid him no heed, and instead looked at Myst and me. He gave us a motion to follow him, and then walked further past the barrier. I gulped and took the first step. Electricity sparked and spattered around me, but it more tickled then hurt. I passed through unharmed along with Myst. The electricity made some of her fur stand on end, but yielded no other effect.

Josh was already talking to the gym leader by the time we crossed the barrier, with Static loyally at his side. I ran to catch up with him, and puffed up my chest in an attempt to look brave.

The gym leader was bigger than most humans I had seen. He had spiky yellow hair and a shirt covered in different shades of green. His arms were giant, almost three times as big as Josh’s.

“This gym was MEANT to teach you resilience and patience in battle.” The giant man rumbled at Josh. Josh stared back with resilience. “Though I suppose knowledge is as important as patience in battle…perhaps more so.”

“I’ve studied quite a while before my journey.” Josh spoke with a hint of pride. “I wanted to make sure I knew my adversaries.”

“Unfortunately, not all situations present you with opportunities to study, son.” The massive man tore a Pokeball off his belt. “In that situation, you have to use your gut more than your brain. My Pokemon saved me during the war. Could yours?”

“Absolutely.” Josh spoke without hesitation. I couldn’t help glancing away...

…he meant his other Pokemon, not me….

“I’m here to test that.” The electric gym leader tossed his Pokeball into the air.

*173*2012-12-25 04:24

(Hi everyone! My editor and I have been working hard to give you guys a special treat this holiday season ~, so I hope you enjoy a bit longer of a post then I usually type. Thanks to all my loyal fans for your support and feedback. Cheers for much more to come! :3)

(Nova POV)

“Go, Voltorb!” the giant man yelled, releasing a strange red and white spherical Pokemon.

“You ready for this, Ssstatic?” Josh hissed Static’s name. I glanced back at Josh to suddenly see two Pikachu by his side. Both perfectly resembled Static. One of the Statics noticed my confusion, and winked at me; their eyes suddenly becoming ruby red. That static turned his attention back to Josh, and his eyes melded back into electric blue.

“Voltorb, use swift!” The electric gym leader commanded. The Voltorb swiveled back, and glowing white stars sparked into existence around it and gleamed.

“Ssstatic!” Josh grinned, “Use Dark Pulse!”

One of the Statics rushed forward, cheeks exuding what appeared to be black electricity. The Static crouched down and focused, then extended his arms suddenly, releasing a wave of the black lightning. The wave zoomed across the stage, and smashed into the Voltorb, bathing it in an eerie black glow.

The wave of electricity crashed against the Voltorb, and it rolled across the stage unconscious.

"Impressive." Josh complimented the Static as the Gym leader returned his fainted Pokemon to its pokeball.

"You should expect nothing less, my liege." The static bowed back at Josh; his eyes glowing ruby red once more, highlighting his cautious grin.

"Excellent work nonetheless. Let’s give Nova a try, shall we?" Josh hummed. "Nova, you ready?"

Don’t screw it up, don’t screw it up, don’t screw it up, don’t screw it up!

"D-definitely!" I stuttered.

"Alright!" Josh turned and pointed to the gym leader. "Prepare an ember attack on his next Pokemon!"

I sucked in a deep breath and waited for the gym leader to make a move. The gym leader thought for a moment, then reached for the second Pokeball on his belt. As soon as his Pikachu appeared on the field, I fired my ember attack.

“Sparks! Dodge with double team!” The man ordered. The Pikachu in front of me stared wide-eyed at my ember attack for only a second, then duplicated and ran around me in opposite directions. My ember attack sailed harmlessly between the both of them.

I missed my first attack! Josh already thinks I’m useless, now what am I…

"Nova!" Josh called out, "Only one Pikachu makes a sound. Figure out which, and use Ember!"

I frantically tried to focus as the two Pikachu raced around me. They both moved in sync, but only the one on the left’s paws made a sound against the polished gym floor. I took a quick breath and prepared to attack, but the Pikachu on the right was faster. He noticed my preparations for an attack, and charged at me with full speed.

‘What do I do!?’ I thought hastily. Josh gave me no instruction! I could still brace myself for the Pikachu’s impact, or maybe I could even still hit it with ember. But wait… was that what I was supposed to do? The Pikachu Josh told me to hit was still standing on my left, preparing a thunderbolt attack…

Making a split second decision, I fired instead at the left Pikachu. The Pikachu on the right continued his dive, but passed harmlessly though me. Just an illusion! The Pikachu on the left (the only one now remaining) noticed my ember, and accidentally dodged directly in its path. Direct hit! My attack slammed into the Pikachu on its back, and it slid along the floor.

“Hrrrr…Kah!” The Pikachu shouted, using the momentum of my attack to flip itself back on his paws.

“Sparks, use Quick Attack!” The large man shouted. The Pikachu glanced at me, and moved WAY faster than I thought possible, and slammed into me, knocking me to the ground.

“Chaaaa…” I coughed, back smashing along the gym floor. I sat up dazed, and looked for the Pikachu.

"Nova, use Ember!" Josh called out

"Where is he!?" I yelped, eyed darting across the gym.

"Right in front-" The Pikachu suddenly slammed into me, sending me airborne across the gym. The Gym’s scenery flew and twisted around me, and I noticed Josh upside-down. How high was I!? Landing badly would hurt a lot…

I leaned to my left, and curled myself in a ball trying to get my feet matching where I wanted them with the floor. With an “Oof” I managed to land on my main legs, though I had to steady myself with a paw.

‘DID I JUST DO A FLIP?’ I thought incredulously to myself. ‘Did Josh see that!?’

“Kah!” The Pikachu snapped, sending me back into the mind frame of that battle. The Pikachu dashed at me, but all too slowly now that I saw its strategy. I took a deep breath, aimed appropriately, and my ember attack send the Pikachu reeling.

It didn’t get back up.

‘I did it! That wasn’t an easy battle, but by the end I was TOTALLY won!

Hot blood seared in my veins as I awaited my next opponent. I knew I wouldn’t be felted this day, and warm fire empowered my chest. I would prove to Josh that I wasn’t just a weakling or a pet, and that I valued his dream just as much as-

"Nice work, Nova. Myst, are you ready for the grand finish?"

“Kah!” Static cheered in approval.

…Wait, what? Why was he calling me back? I got hit, but I’m still okay. I can still do this…I wanted to fight! I did the flip and everything! I knew which clone to hit! I…didn’t I do everything right? Why didn’t he trust me? Josh…

I slumped back to the sidelines with Myst as Static charged into battle, waiting for his next opponent.

Did…did I not do well enough? I tried my best…

…am…am I just not good enough?

###

"Myst, are you ready to finish this!?" Josh asked enthusiastically.

"Absolutely." A Charmander that wasn’t me rushed onto the battlefield. How did Myst even do that? She matched everything about me perfectly…to my dark blue eyes, my light orange coat, even the scar on my left paw…

The only thing she didn’t have was my insecurity.

“Last Pokemon. Gotta make it count, eh?” The large, gruff man spoke, reaching for his last pokeball. “Go, Raichu!”

A Raichu materialized from out of the red light. It looked...old. Much of its fur was gray and discolored, and it had a collection of scars across its body, and there were some patches on its body that fur didn’t cover. Despite this, he looked energetic and strong. He turned and gave the gym leader a sharp nod of approval before starting down at Myst.

"Rai!" He cried, cheeks sparking with electricity.

“Raichu, use thunder!” The gym leader roared.

"Myst, Dark Pulse!" Josh thought hastily.

Myst, in my form, drew a quick breath mimicking my ember attack. Instead of my normal meager flames however, a black flamethrower blasted out of her mouth and bashed itself against the Raichu. The Raichu reared back in anger, and prepared his counter.

As they fought, I couldn’t help but feeling …

Lost. Alone...

Why wasn’t I the one fighting? I mean, I was I guess, but just as Myst’s illusion. Not the real me. The real me was just standing here…

I wished I was Myst’s illusion. I wish I was brave and strong, a person Static and Myst could rely upon in battles, and the kind of Pokemon Josh wanted…

…because Josh didn’t want me. Josh wanted the Charmander in the fight, the bold and powerful Charmander fighting. Just the illusion…

Tears burned again in my eyes as the fight continued. I wasn’t mad at Myst, or even upset at her. She was just doing what Josh wanted, giving him the Pokemon he wanted in battle. The illusion showed what should have been. The strong Charmander by Josh’s side…

I should have been the illusion…

###

(Josh POV)

The Raichu reeled back from Myst’s attack, but it hadn’t fallen yet. The Raichu’s cheeks crackled angrily with electricity as he prepared his next attack.

"Raiii!" He shouted, blasting Myst with a deafening roar of electricity. Myst’s illusion of Nova disintegrated upon impact, and the small black fox flew into the air, and crashed onto the floor immobile.

“MYST!” I shouted in shock. Had that attack truly knocked her out with a single hit? I thought my calculations were perfect; she shouldn’t have fainted from-

"I’m still very much conscious, master." Myst thought calmly in my mind. "Sorry for the façade, gut reaction, play dead. I suppose my kind isn’t one for ‘honorable fighting’." She chuckled in my mind. "Shall I get up?"

"Hah." I smiled with pleasant surprise. "Clever, I wouldn’t have thought of that. No, stay there for a second."

"As you wish."

“Send out your next Pokemon!” Lt. Surge boomed across the gym.

“Why, when my previous pokemon hasn’t fainted?” I asked him aloud. Confusion crossed the gym leader’s face before he realized the meaning of my words. “Myst, use Dark Pulse!”

“Zah!” The small Zorua hopped nimbly to her feet, and fired a black wave upon the flat-footed Raichu. It wheeled around in surprise before getting smashed by the attack and falling to the ground unconscious.

“Hmph.” The gym leader growled in grudging defeat.

"Nice work Myst!" I lowered my hand, and she ran over to meet my lower the usual high-five. She grinned, pleased to have met my approval. "You too, Nova! You handled that Pikachu nicely!" Nova turned to me and smiled appreciatively, but something didn’t seem quite right. His eyes were a bit red…had he been crying?

I made myself a mental note to ask him about it later, in private.

"Anyway, you were all awesome." I grinned, eyeing Nova and Myst. I heard a growl behind me, and turned to see Static rolling his eyes.

"Okay fine Static, you’re NOT awesome. Better?" I thought sarcastically. He grinned and jumped on my shirt, clawing his way up my clothes and perching himself on my shoulder.

"Absolutely NOOOOT." He laughed. "Come on, get the badge and let’s go get smoothies."

I grinned at Static’s comment, and approached Lt. Surge. He begrudgingly handed over the badges, muttering something about the ‘fairness’ of battles, and how one shouldn’t play tricks.

I turned to leave, but my darker half got the better of me, and I turned around just before walking out the door.

“I thought all was fair in love and WAR?” I grinned, and swiveled back around. I could faintly hear Lt. Surge cursing my name as I laughed, and left the gym.

###

(Josh POV)

"…I think I’m sick."

I turned to Static, surprised. Static never had gotten sick before, especially with his frequent trips to the Pokemon Centers. Sure enough, he held his banana smoothie in one hand, and rubbed his presumable runny nose with the other. I took a small sip of my fusion smoothie.

"What do you mean?" I inquired.

"I dunno…" Static mumbled quietly. "I just sick…OF THESE WEAK ASS BIIIIIIIIIITTTTTTCHHEEESSS!" He grinned wildly, jumped on my back. "COME ON, Josh! When are we gonna fight a REAL gym, where I can show them what I’M made of!?"

I rolled my eyes. "Get off me, Stat." I laughed, trying to catch the Pikachu clawing all over my back.

"Right away, doctor!" Static jumped off of me. "Need anything else? Defibrillator, stethoscope? I’ll get it, ‘Stat’!"

I groaned at his pun. "See, everyone, this is why we don’t give Static sugar after ten P.M." Myst laughed, and I could just hear Nova snicker quietly. I wonder what happened in the battle today with Nova…was he not use to getting hit in battle? Perhaps I placed him too quickly into a battle where he wasn’t ready. I would talk to him later, and make sure he was okay.

The road forked ahead of us. The way I intended to go was to the Pokemon Center to rent rooms for the night. The other path took us on the road to Celadon City, through a small forest of trees. I stopped for a moment.

"Hey guys, originally I was going to rent us rooms at the Pokemon Center, but would you guys rather take the path and get a few more miles in before we call it a night?"

"Sure!" Static called out. "We have a few more hours to burn of daylight, right?" Everyone synchronized an eye roll at the yellow mouse, as the sun had set hours ago.

I thought I felt a brush of Myst’s consciousness against my own, but it was gone an instant from when it started.

"We’re you going to say something, Myst?" I asked.

"…It’s not important, never mind." She shook her head, disregarding the thought.

"Feel free to speak up, it’s your guy’s call."

She gulped. "N-normally, as followers, it is disrespectful for us to voice our opinions of the best course of action. The leader simply makes the decision for us, and we follow in our leader’s footsteps. My opinion doesn’t matter."

"Of course your opinion matters! Even if I didn’t ask for it, I would still value your input in any situation." I explained.

Myst shifted awkwardly from foot to foot. "A-are you sure? Normally I would be reprimanded for this…"

"Of course. Speak your mind!"

"Well, um…" Myst muttered, "I would…prefer…the woods. In the future I’m sure I will become more accustomed to human architecture, but for now I would prefer the safety of the outdoors…"

"Okay, that’s one vote for the outdoors. Anyone else?"

###

(Nova POV)

"Anyone else?" Josh called out, looking at us. Static piped up.

"Yeah, you’re crazy Myst. Humans have SUPER comfy beds and stuff. I would prefer the Pokemon Center."

"Oooh, one to one. Wanna break the tie, Nova?" Josh looked at me expectantly. I felt a paw nudge my side, and turned to see Myst staring quietly at me. Her eyes were no longer angry or filled with annoyed sarcasm. They were glistening, almost…

…pleading?

"I kinda want to get to Celadon." I chose. Static grumbled, and took an angry sip of his smoothie.

Josh shrugged his shoulders, and headed into the forest. "To Celadon, then!"

"Thanks…" Myst thought just to me.

"No problem." I responded. "Are you…okay?"

"Of course." She stood up at attention. "Why wouldn’t I be?"

"Just wondering." I quietly sipped my blueberry smoothie.

Myst nudged me again, and made a motion to her smoothie, which I held. Since she couldn’t hold it on her own (because she had to use all four of her paws to walk) I offered to carry hers. I lowered my paw, and she sipped some of the green, kiwi liquid.

"Why did you ask?" She pondered as she drank some of the smoothie, pawing it awkwardly as she walked.

"Wondering, I guess." I shrugged and looked away.

"Are YOU okay?"

"…yeah." I lied. After not hearing anything for a moment, I turned around to see myself staring back. I jumped back startled. The clone of myself looked at me with sad, forlorn eyes…did I look like that?

"Do you want some of my smoothie?" My clone offered, elegantly offering me the green drink with its paw. I squinted back in confusion.

"How are you doing that?" I asked Myst. "How can you holding the smoothie in that pose."

"..A lot…of…balance..." The clone of me shakily responded. "Q-quick, before I fall!"

I quickly grabbed the smoothie from what looked like my outstretched hand, but I knew must have been Myst’s two front paws.

"Heh, another second and I would’ve fallen." My copy grinned. It looked at me with my dark blue eyes, and resumed its sad, faraway look.

"…Stop doing that." I insisted.

"Doing what?"

"The thing…with my eyes."

"I don’t know what you mean; I’m just copying you."

"No you’re not, I’m f-fine."

“I’m f-fine.” My image before me spoke in my own tongue. He stuttered when he said ‘fine’, and looked as if he was on the edge of tears. Did I really look that weak?

"Stop it!" I shouted, louder then I meant. Myst’s illusion dissolved immediately, and was replaced by the normal image of her, looking concerned.

"Come on. What’s wrong, really?"

"I don’t…want to talk about it." My thoughts shook as I attempted to stave off tears. I turned back to Myst, and noticed she had once again copied my form. Unlike previous times though, my copy had Myst’s dark red eyes, and her intrigued, coy smile.

"Nova,-" She began. "-what is the difference between thieves and a thief?"

Her question caught me off guard. "Um…one is just…one, and the other is a bunch?"

"Close, but there’s more." My clone answered. "With one thief, they rely upon themselves to survive and thrive. The only safety net is themselves. Their wit and skill."

"What about thieves?" I ask, now intrigued.

"They don’t have to rely just upon themselves. They have a collection, a family if you will, that secures their safety and shield’s them from danger.

Suddenly, the thief doesn’t have to rely just upon themselves anymore."

I reflected on this for a moment.

"My point is…" My clone continued, "…that you’re not in this alone. I’m sorry I was snarky earlier, but what could you expect from a cornered thief?" My clone grinned sheepishly. "…but honestly, Josh has proven himself to be a competent leader. Static has demonstrated his strength, and you have demonstrated your will. I’m sure you don’t trust me yet, I mean, you have no reason to…" My clone looked away awkwardly. "But, I’m sure eventually I will earn your trust. And I just, I guess I want you to know that. Whatever’s wrong, you have a team to help you through it. And as part of the team, I’ll be here to help as well."

"T-thanks." I looked at the ground. That’s really all I wanted, just to be a part of the team. To have someone there to rely on, and that could rely on me. Static didn’t need anyone but Josh, and I wasn’t sure about Myst yet…

…and Josh made it clear I wasn’t a part of the team. Not because I couldn’t rely on others, but because others couldn’t rely on me.

"Do you want to talk?" My clone asked once more. By the tenor of her tone, I could tell this would be the last time she would ask.

"I…it’s just…" My voice cracked in my mind as tears blurred my vision. "J-josh doesn’t want me. He picked me, but only because I was the last choice, and he’s a good guy, and he saw how Matilda-"

"Wait, wait, wait." I saw a blurry myself with a bewildered expression with paws raised. "Josh doesn’t want you? What are you talking about?"

"You see how he treats you and Static…" I sobbed quietly. "He always expects the best out of you guys. With me in battle today, he just took me back…I still could have fought…P-plus, what he said when he was introducing us to you…"

"What do you mean?"

"He said I wasn’t part of his dream." I was balling at this point. "Static and Skarr were a part of it, and now you’re a part of it…but he never said me…

…the only time I’ll ever be a part of his dream is when you’re copying my shape." I cried, turning sharply away from the bewildered version of myself. A shadow suddenly loomed over me, and I looked up to see Josh looking concerned.

###

"Nova?" He asked hesitantly. Myst nudged me forward, and looked at me expectantly.

"Talk to him." She encouraged me. I bowed ashamed, and couldn’t help but cry. Josh bend down on his knees to look me in the eyes.

"Nova, what happened?" he asked, voice full of genuine concern.

"N-nothing." I responded, stuttering even in my thoughts. I was so insecure. I wish he would just leave me alone, I didn’t want this attention. Everyone stared at me, and I felt lost. "Nothing, I’m fine!"

"No you’re not. Come on. I’ll carry you." Josh picked me up under the arms, and draped me over his shoulder as we walked to Celadon. I felt like I was being disrespectful…wasn’t Josh’s shoulder Static’s spot? I tried to wiggle free, but Josh held me firmly in place.

"When you’re ready, I’ll be here." Josh thought stubbornly. I struggled a bit more against his hold, then finally accepted defeat and relaxed. My head draped itself on his chest, and my feet bumped against his back as he walked.

A few more tears fell along the path as we walked in silence. I was exhausted. I felt my eyes start to close themselves as Josh kept walking, seemingly oblivious to the burden I must have been. Eventually my mind betrayed me, and I fell asleep as the night went on.

When I awoke, I was already in my sleeping bag. It was still night, and I noticed Josh sitting quietly on his sleeping bag watching me.

"Hey Nova." Josh thought quietly when he saw me stir. I crawled out my sleeping bag and looked at the dirt under his feet.

"Hey Josh…" I mumbled.

"What’s wrong?" Josh asked. "Please, you can tell me."

"I…" My eyes started tearing up again, and a wave of exhaustion washed over my body. "I don’t know."

"Come on." Josh wrapped me up in a hug, and then laid back down on his sleeping bag. "I can see you hurting. Please?"

I took a deep breath, although I knew the gesture was meaningless since we were communicating telepathically. "You…didn’t include me."

"Hmmm?" Josh questioned, clearly confused.

"…Back when we introduced ourselves to Myst. You said that Static and Skarr were a part of your dream. You didn’t say I was…"

I felt a sob threaten to interrupt my thoughts, but forced it back down. I looked at Josh, expecting him to interrupt and say how he didn’t say that exactly or how I had blown this out of proportion. I waited for him to say I was stupid or ridiculous, and how what I was feeling was dumb. Was it?

Josh sat quietly, listening. When he didn’t say anything, I tried to swallow another sob and continued.

"When we battle, you always push Static to his best. You didn’t do that with me. I…I could have kept fighting, I could have won, I could have…just…" The sob suddenly won, and I choked momentarily before continuing. "I could have. I want to be a part of your dream. I want…I want to. So bad. I don’t want to be just your friend, just your pet, just your mistake, just the Pokemon you didn’t want to find there at the adoption house-"

"Nova…!" Josh interrupted, shocked. I tried to continue, but my sobs prevented any kind of rational thought to transmit. He grabbed me in a tight hug, and held me as I cried. "Nova. Listen to me."

"…okay…"

"You are NOT a mistake."

"…"

"You are not just a pet to me. You are so much more than just a friend. Even if you never wanted to fight again, I would still want you by my side rather than ANY other Charmander."

"…"

"I’m really sorry for hurting your feelings. If you want to battle, and you want to be part of that dream, you have every right. But…" He stopped suddenly.

"…But!? But what Josh?" I begged, tugging on his shirt.

"I won’t go easy on you." Josh smiled down at me. I looked back up at him, and I was surprised that, for once, I wasn’t crying. I smiled back, with a small but growing amount of determination in my chest.

"I wouldn’t expect you to." I nodded fiercely.

"Ok. Next gym is grass. You have a natural advantage. Given your skill, I bet you could beat the Gym all by yourself. Are you up for the challenge?"

I gulped. Was I? Josh believed in me. And maybe, for once...

...I believed in myself too.

"Yeah. Yeah, I am!" I answered confidently.

"Alright. Get some sleep Nova, we got a big walk for tomorrow."

I snuggled back into my sleeping bag, feeling relieved. Sleep felt like a welcome friend, and it wasn’t long before I was all but absorbed into its embrace.

Just before I fell under the night’s spell, a fleeting thought crossed my mind.

"Hey Josh?" I asked, in my semiconscious state.

"Mmmm?"

"How far of a walk do we have?"

"Dunno, a few hours. Why?"

"Do you think…maybe, we could do that holding game again? That was fun…"

Josh snickered under his sleeping bag. "It’s a well-known trail! Do you WANT to get caught?" His laugher died down a bit. "Well, there is a way in the woods…we’ll see. Plus, we have to talk to Myst about it."

"But maybe?" I pleaded.

"Maybe." Josh smiled. "Now get some sleep, hmmm?"

"Okay Josh." I nodded. A small breeze blew by, making my sleeping bag all the warmer.

Friends, fun, and love. Maybe I wasn’t such a failure after all…

###

(Nova POV)

The sunlight brushed lightly against the cool canopy of leaves. The light grazed my sleeping eyes, and slowly, I snuggled out of my sleeping bag. Everyone still seemed to be asleep. Josh was safe from the coming light under the shade of a large tree, with Static curled by his side. Myst was resting on the forests floor, curled up tightly. She stirred slightly, and her azure, ocean eyes slowly slid open, and gazed questioningly at me.

Wait, azure? Weren't her eyes red?

"Bwah!" A voice whispered loudly in my ear. I jumped forward startled, and whirled around to face the culprit. A black fox stood behind me, red eyes gleaming mischievously. "Got you!"

"Shhh, you're gonna wake Josh and Static!" I whispered.

"How do you know they're not already awake?" Myst grinned. "What if they're just my illusion, and they're already awake? What if everything is an illusion! OoOOoOoOo!" Myst stood up on her hind legs and waved her arms in a spooky fashion.

I rolled my eyes. "Well, there's always one way to know."

"Oh yeah? How?"

I lightly nudged Myst's shoulder, just enough to cause her to lose balance and fall on her back. With a disgruntled 'Oof!', one of the trees next to me revealed a certain yellow mouse hidden in a patch of now nonexistent leaves, ready to pounce from one of the branches. I grinned triumphantly.

"Darn it!" Static whined, "I almost had it! You couldn't keep it JUST one more second, Myst!?"

"No." she grumbled. Her eyes returned to me, looking playfully disgruntled. I couldn't help but laugh suddenly. Myst looked so ridiculous, all four legs flailing in the air, completely vulnerable. Her red paws clawed helplessly in the air, as if to grab some imaginary tree branch to help her up. After a moment she stopped and grumbled into the air, then shot me an annoyed gaze. "Are you just going to gawk at me, or can you help me up?"

"You can't get off your back without help?" I stifled a snicker.

"Of COURSE I can." With a dignified 'Hmph', Myst twisted herself on her paws, and shot me a cold glare.

"Oh, ok. Why didn't you do that sooner?"

"Just, uh, I didn't feel like it." Myst stood up trying to look dignified. I squinted at her, judging her appearance. "Why do you care?"

"Because I think you're a liar." I grinned, prodding the spot where Myst fell down, and heard a muffled yelp coming from the invisible Pokemon. The standing Myst disappeared into nothing, and the true Myst appeared once more, still on her back and flailing about.

"D-damnit!" She yelled in frustration, clawing angrily into the air. I offered her my paw, which she reluctantly grabbed and pulled herself onto her feet.

"That-" Static scoffed, climbing from down the tree, "-has got to be the FUNNIEST weakness I have ever seen! Seriously, just roll over or hop up, like this!" Static landed on his back, scrunched up, and sprang up quickly landing on his paws. Myst blushed angrily.

"Well some of us aren’t accustomed to falling on our asses!" She hissed. "You've obviously got practice!"

"Excuse me!?"

"Falling on your ass. You heard me. You couldn't stand alone in a battle if you tried."

"Ohoho? Sounds like a challenge. I'll just beat you like I did at the fair, or in the very least, just knock you on your back."

Myst turned a scarlet shade of red as her paws dug angrily into the dirt. "You didn't win! Josh caught me before I could finish you off! One on one you would have been mine! With or without illusions!

Sparks crackled around Static. "Hah, fighting words. Nova, wanna be the referee? Not that I'll need it of course..." He grinned.

"No, it will be pretty obvious when you're fainted, I should think." Myst shot back. I gulped as the two opposing forces circled around me, waiting for the other to make the first move.

"So how do you get out of bed? Do you need help with that as well?" Static retorted in preparation for their battle.

"I don't know. How do you get to bed without Josh? Or can you only sleep when you're curled around him like a PET?" She mocked. Static's eyes went wide with anger, and I knew at once she had prodded a sensitive spot. Static rushed at me, lunging at the black fox, with electricity flowing in waves around his body.

###

"Kah!" Static yelled, charging at Myst with a Quick Attack. Myst made no attempt to dodge, and stood calmly in place. A moment before he collided into her, a green spherical bubble surrounded Myst, shielding herself from his attack. Static collided into it with his skull, and bounced off rather painfully into the grass.

"Running at me full speed. You must've put a lot of thought into that attack." Myst scoffed.

"Shut it! At least I can get up! What are you, a turtle?!" Static sprang up, cheeks fueled with electricity. He was met with a black blast of power, smacking him across the side, sending him spiraling across the grass. Static panted, but raised himself to a half-standing pose. He looked tired, but his eyes shone with determination and endurance.

"Ch-Kah!" He screamed, sending lightning across the forest, enveloping Myst the yellow shockwaves. Myst gritted her teeth, but never tore her gaze from the offending yellow mouse.

Static and Myst both were panting at this point, but neither tore their gaze from the other. Both bristled, awaiting the other's move. I think Static was stronger, but Myst used strategy where Static relied on raw power. Static's cheeks crackled with jolts of electricity as he prepared his final attack. Myst's form shimmered, and she dashed behind me.

"W-what are you doing!?" I shouted at Myst. I turned to see the far too familiar clone of myself, looking back terrified. I shot her a confused glance, then turned back to Static, who was charging at me full speed. "Oh."

Static smashed head first into me, sending me hurling into a nearby tree. My back smashed into the bark with a crack, and I slumped down the wood with a staggered expression. "Wrong Nova..." I mumbled, pained.

"You didn't disappear!" Static yelped at me, confused. He whirled around to see Myst in her true form standing on her two back paws. One of her front paws shone with black energy, which she promptly smashed into his snout. Static reeled back a few steps, before collapsing into the grass unconscious.

Myst panted over her fallen opponent. "...Hah! I did it!" She grinned at me though her exhausted breaths. "I beat Static!"

"Good job..." I mumbled, still reeling from Static's attack."...but what are we going to tell Josh?"

Her grin melted slowly into a look of concern. "Do...do you think he would disapprove?" She panted, confused.

"Well, you did just knock Static unconscious..."

"Yeah, that was the point."

"Well, I mean, I don't think we're supposed to do that to each other..."

"How else can we understand our place? I challenged Static's standing in the group, and I won. Thus, I outrank Static."

"I don't think that's how it works." I mumbled, concerned.

"How was I supposed to react?" she demanded, turning to me angrily.

"I don't know!" I shrugged hastily. I heard the sound of twigs crunching behind me, and instantly cringed.

"Hey guys, keep it down, will you?" Josh chuckled, obviously awoken. "Some of us were trying to slee-" Josh's eyes went wide when he say Static's body lying limp on the grass. "STATIC!?" He screamed, "What....what happened!?"

###

(Josh's POV)

"Wow, and you won?" I asked, moderately impressed.

"Yeah." Myst finished recalling her tale. "It took some strategy and quick thinking, but yeah, I beat him."

"Wow. Well, he's going to be livid when he wakes up." I laughed. "I suppose we shouldn't leave for Celadon without him though, which means we need to walk back to the Center." I thought grudgingly. "Plus Nova could probably use a healing too."

"If you don't mind." He responded politely. It was obvious he was quite damaged, though he could walk. I offered him stasis in his Pokeball, but he insisted he was fine.

We walked in silence for a few moments before Nova tapped my leg gently, trying to get my attention.

"Hey Josh?" Hey asked.

"Mmm?"

"How long did we walk last night, while I was...out?"

I thought for a moment. "Maybe...two or three hours? Celadon should be another six away I believe, from here. If we walk all day, we should be there around nightfall."

"Ok." He turned away, arms curled around his tail like a teddy bear. It was obvious there was more to his question, but he remained silent.

"...Is that it?" I asked after a few seconds of silence.

"Huh? Oh, uh, yeah." He stumbled. He looked around for a moment. "Well, no, um, actually I wanted to ask something else."

"Go for it."

Nova adjusted his Pokespeak, getting a strange glance from Myst while doing so. "Um, I was wondering, I mean, I know Static isn't here, but maybe, while we're still in the woods, if we could..." He trailed off.

"Oh." I realized. "Well, um, I guess it would be up to Myst. Plus I'm not sure if we could hold to wetting, considering there's no place to wash the clothes...we could always just do a 'chicken' match I suppose, where the first person to break loses."

"That's fine!" Nova perked up.

"Okay, sure. Your idea though, you have to ask Myst." I smirked evilly.

"Oh come on!" Nova whined, giving me a look of indignation. "That's not fair! You know I'm not good at that kind of stuff!" Nova sighed and looked timidly at Myst.

"Are you two speaking of me?" Myst questioned Nova and me. She held a hurt expression, but didn't appear angry. Nova and I both re-adjusted our Pokespeak to include her in our thoughts.

"Yes." I responded truthfully.

"N-no?" Nova lied, quickly turning an orangeish shade of red hearing my response. Myst shot him a questioning gaze, and he squirmed, instantly caught in his fib.

Myst approached him steadily, eyeing his unease.

"What were you discussing?" She asked, turning to the insecure Charmander. Nova looked around terrified, and shrinked to the ground.

"...Nothing....!" He lied again, earning a scrutinizing gaze from Myst.

"Nova." I thought calmly. Nova shrinked further into the grass when he heard my thoughts. Tears began forming at the ends of his eyes. "Nova, it's okay. Calm down. Relax." I thought soothingly. Nova took a deep breath and tried to stand back up. "You're making it worse than it is. Just ask."

"Okay...okay." Nova breathed slowly. "Um, w-we were, uh, wondering i-if you wanted to play a game with us?"

Myst looked at him doubtfully. "What kind of game?"

"U-um, it's a game, where you, um, the winner is the one that like, u-uh-" Nova stuttered, unsure of how to proceed. A thin layer of perspiration coated his orange fur.

"It's alright Nova, I'll ask." I chuckled, rolling my eyes. Nova let out a quick sigh of relief, and turned to me gratefully. "Okay. The game is a game of chicken. Whoever can perform a specific skill the longest is the winner."

"Oh yeah, I've played those types of games before. What is the objective?" Myst chimed.

"Um, in this case holding. As in, the amount of time you can refrain from, well, peeing." I could feel my cheeks redden slightly, and tried to shrug off my embarrassment.

Myst stared back at me in befuddlement. "D...doesn't that hurt?"

"No no, it feels odd-"

"Kinda good." Nova interrupted, then sheepishly ducked.

"Um...yeah." I resumed. "And it's a fun way to pass the time. Sometimes we do it to wetting, but in this case we would just do it until everyone would 'chicken out'."

Myst stared at them for a moment. "Um. Alright. Well, you're my leader. If you command me to play, I'll play."

"NONONONO." Josh said, slightly shocked. "You shouldn't do this because you think it's an order. That's..." Josh looked concerned. "That's a bit weird. No, it's voluntary. If you don't want to do it, that's fine. We won’t force you into it, and we won’t think less of you if you don't want to."

Myst smiled at me, looking bemused. "You are strange, Josh. None of my other leaders would have given me the option of...ignoring one of their requests. It makes you...unique." She turned to look at Nova, but her thoughts remained directed at me. "I think you will make a good leader. I would like to try this game. You and Nova seem to like it, and hey..." Myst turned back to me, tail quickly brushing over Nova's fur. Nova jumped back bewildered, and Myst shot him a coy gaze. "I'll try anything once."

###

"...So?" Nova asked, looking hesitantly at Myst.

"So what?"

"Soooo, what do you think?"

Myst looked thoughtfully back at Nova. "I think you're weird."

Myst, Nova and I had been walking for about thirty minutes. Signs were rapidly becoming noticeable, if Nova's erratic bouncing was any indication. Myst carried a slightly concerned look on her face, but otherwise showed no symptoms. I was probably around a four or five, and simply clenched my hands in my pockets as we continued.

Nova grumbled sheepishly. "I mean, yeah I know that, but like, what do you feel?"

"Like I need to pee...?" Myst rolled her eyes at Nova. "...What did you expect?"

Nova frowned, feeling dejected. "Okay."

Myst looked at Nova and sighed. "I don't know. Maybe a bit tingly. Anxious?"

Nova looked up and grinned. "Yeah! That's what I expected." He nodded.

"Well, I mean, yeah. Anxious, tingly, mildly uncomfortable, all the feelings you normally get..." Myst turned to face Nova, her thoughts bringing to drip with irony. "...when you have to pee!"

Nova smirked. "W-well, you could always forfeit."

"And lose to you? Never." She scoffed. "Plus you're already dancing around like a buffoon. It shouldn't be long."

Nova turned his signature reddish-orange color. "I am not!"

"Hmmmm." Myst laughed in response. Suddenly, a large crunching sound reverberated through the woods. Were we not alone? I turned to the source of the sound to see a younger looking trainer walking alongside his Gloom. The boy almost bumped into me before noticing me.

"Oh! Hey there! Are those Pokemon yours?" He beamed, pointing at Myst and Nova. Myst looked bewildered by the boys’ presence. I turned to Nova, who gave me a wide-eyed terrified stare. Not one of meeting someone new, but of meeting someone new in our current...state.

"Yeah, I've been a trainer for a while now." I smiled, hiding my discomfort. "What about yourself?"

"Two months now! My oddish just evolved; I'm so happy! He's the first Pokemon I ever got!"

"Nice."

"Oh hey, wanna battle? It's what trainers do, right?"

I mentally slapped myself. Were either of my Pokemon in condition to battle? Nova and Myst were both beaten up pretty bad, plus they had other...things on their mind as well. I had a few healing items in my pack, so maybe that wasn't a problem...

This trainer seemed to be mostly grass; at least as first impressions go. I looked down at Nova.

"How about it, Nova? I can heal you before we start, if you want."

Nova once again gave me a terrified gaze. "J-josh! I have to go...! I don't know how well I'll do in my state..." He shifted foot to foot awkwardly.

"Can you just hold it?"

Nova gave me a bewildered look. "Why would I hold it?" He asked, puzzled. "...Won’t it just drip though my fingers?"

"NO, like hold it, like don't pee yet, wait."

"OH, that makes a lot more sense. Um, I...I don't know. I guess?"

"I believe in you." I laughed. I had seen him in much worse states before, and I was sure he was only at a fraction of his limit. A short battle shouldn't be too much for him at this stage. I tossed him a potion, which he guzzled thankfully before handing back to me.

"Alright. Go, Nova!" Nova confidently strode in front of me, paws clenched ready for battle.

"Gloom!" The boy's cried, "Use Razor Leaf!"

###

(Nova's POV)

"Dodge and use ember, Nova!" Josh commanded. I quickly dodged in between the whirling leaves and raced towards the Gloom, intending to make this a short a match as possible. A leaf clipped my leg as I ran, making me stumble. Another crashed into my shoulder, and soon a flurry of leaves crashed into me, obscuring my vision and slicing at my limbs.

"Nova! Get out of there!" Josh called out. Wincing, I dashed out of the leaves, receiving several small cuts as angry retaliation from the leaves. I took a quick breath, fueling myself with my meager fire. The Gloom stared at me from across our makeshift battlefield, eyes glazed over, and drool slowly seeping from its mouth. Fire blew through my mouth, and the foul smelling Pokemon was quickly engulfed in flames.

"Glah!" It cried, and reared up, preparing to fire another torrent of leaves. It hesitated for a moment, and refused to fire, eyes darting back and forth. Was the trainer communicating with it through a Pokespeak?

It didn't matter; the distraction was all I needed. I blew another small wave of fire at the purple plant, and it collapsed in the dirt.

"Yes!" I cried out, jumping in the air. The impact of the ground jolted my bladder, and reminded me that I should be more careful. I cringed for a moment, waiting for the feeling to pass.

"Return Gloom." The younger trainer commanded, wielding a simple red and white pokeball. Once the Gloom disappeared inside the ball, he reached on his belt and took out another.

'Ack...how many does he have?!' I thought with minor panic.

I tried to catch how many pokeballs were on his belt, but his shirt was in the way. I gritted my teeth and tried not to fidget.

"Looking good, Nova! I never knew you were such a good dancer." Myst taunted. My mind raced to come up with a clever comeback, but at the moment I came up blank. Too much of my energy was already expended preparing myself for my next opponent, and not peeing myself in battle.

"Go, Magnemite!” The trainer shouted, sending out a small hovering silver ball. A small eye opened on the spinning mechanism as it glanced upon me curiously.

"Nova, use ember!"

“Magnemite, use Spark!”

I sucked in a quick breath, and spat a small orb of fire at the strange Pokemon. Its magnetic arms swirled quickly with electricity, but my fire slammed against it before it could make a further attack. The Magnemite stopped spinning, and fell onto the earth with a heavy thud. I looked at it hesitantly…was it defeated?

“Return, Magnemite!”

Good, I think that’s the last-

“Go, Metapod!”

Gosh darn it…

“Metapod, use tackle!”

"You know what to do, Nova."

The small, non-menacing lump of green slowly hobbled towards me. It bounced awkwardly, trying to give me the most menacing look possible with its lopsided eyes. I took a deep breath, and felt the familiar warmth rise in my chest.

I wasn’t sure if I hit, but either way the Metapod fell over and didn’t get up. The trainer absorbed the Metapod back into the pokeball. I pressed my legs together, trying to look casual and ignore the pressure in my bladder, whimpering for attention.

That’s it right? Three? Please oh please…?

###

“Go, Swinub!”

‘Oh come on…!’ I thought as my bladder wailed. I had never won a fight against a water type before, and my current condition didn’t help my self-esteem. I bounced around a bit before a haunting thought crossed my mind. Pokemon don’t get an option to fall unconscious once they lose enough hit points, they simply get knocked out. If I got knocked out…would I still be able to control my bladder? I gulped, feeling cold sweat run down my forehead.

"H-hey Josh?" I muttered weakly.

"Yeah Nova?"

"U-um, are you sure it’s a good idea to keep me in? Water beats fire and all that, plus-"

"Oh, don’t worry about it. Swinub is an ice type, you have the advantage."

"…What? B-but isn’t ice just frozen water?"

"Frozen water which fire melts. You got this!"

The Swinub materialized, but never opened its eyes. It almost appeared to be sleeping, as it never moved from the spot where it materialized. A small huff came from its snout, though it could have been just a snore.

"Light ‘em up!" Josh beamed.

"Light…uh, what?" I asked confused.

"Use Ember." Josh responded dryly.

"Oh, uh, right, right." I coughed. ‘Duh!’ I mentally insulted myself while taking another deep breath. To my surprise, the Swinub did the same.

“Swyyy~” It hummed, sending a small, bluish cloud out of its snout. It encompassed me, sending chills down my normally warm body. I tried to breathe fire, but nothing came out. I shivered again, trying to find a way out of the frosty air.

"Left!" Josh ordered. Grimacing, I dashed to my left, relieved to find an opening in the icy mist. The fire in my chest rekindled, and I aimed appropriately at the small brown Pokemon.

“Chaaa!” I squeaked, as the fire shot out of my mouth. It swirled around the small pig, bashing him into his back in the small flurry of embers. The Swinub rolled over and took another deep breath, but I was quicker. I dashed forward, dousing it in another sea of embers. It didn’t roll over that time.

I panted, using my fatigue as an excuse to bend over slightly, and pressed my paw lightly against myself to relieve some pressure off my aching bladder. The trainer returned the Swinub to its pokeball, and this time I got a full view of all the pokeballs on his belt.

There must be more than twenty there! If I don’t lose control first, he’ll knock me out with sheer numbers!

“That’s a powerful Charmander you have.” The trainer nodded at Josh.

Small talk, really!?

"Yeah, he really puts his heart into it. He’s a great addition to the team." Josh smiled at me. For a moment, I forgot about my stress and just basked in Josh’s compliment.

I’m good on the team! He said it, he said it, he said it! Maybe I was wanted after all…

“Why haven’t you evolved him yet? He’s clearly above the level…” The trainer questioned.

"Um, we haven’t really talked about it yet-" Josh replied.

Talked about what? It was frustrating only hearing half the conversation…

"-but I’ll get to it. By the way, why a mono-weak-to-fire team?" Josh finished, chuckling.

The trainer laughed guiltily. “I was actually trying to find a Geodude to train just for that reason, actually.”

"Hah. Well, best of luck, catch you later then."

Wait, was the battle over?

“Bye!” The young boy scampered off into the woods.

“Chaaa…!” I mumbled unintentionally, grabbing myself as soon as he was out of site. Myst grinned mischievously at my suffering.

“Enjoying yourself?” She asked, snickering at my predicament. I mumbled something as I crossed my legs tighter.

"Hey, awesome job Nova! You did great!"

I uncrossed myself and beamed awkwardly. "T-thanks Josh!" I hobbled foot to foot, waiting for him to finish.

"Do you want a potion before we head off?"

"Believe me, any type of liquid is the LAST thing I want right now! Can I…" I motioned to the forest behind myself.

"You don’t have to ask." Josh laughed as I blushed and raced behind a line of trees.

Aaaahhh....

