Poetry

Author: Sunflower

*000*2014-03-21 05:52

So, I looked back in this forum and saw there weren't any threads for omorashi poetry (or at least any that had new posts recently), so I thought, "Why not start one up?" I've got a couple here to share to start things off with, with illustrations.

Here's the first!

Beneath the ancient apple tree that stood

Atop the low-curved hill beside the dell

Sat Danny Ashford, waiting for his Nell,

His fine young love who treated him so well,

His fine young love with laughing eyes who could

With slightest smile her joyful feelings tell.

So Danny waited, watching summer clouds

Drift by like tumbling heaps of fullered wool.

But all the while, his bladder grew quite full,

Yet, steadfast, he denied his body's pull:

Just going on the tree -- he was too proud,

And what if, just then, who should come but Nell?

Hands in pockets, legs crossed anxiously,

Poor Danny waited, back against the bark.

"Oh where," Dan thought, his blue eyes growing dark,

"Could Nelly be, could she have missed the mark

We set on Sunday afternoon at three?

Did she forget?" And right then rang the bell;

As Danny squirmed beside the apple tree

The distant church bell three then four times rang.

His bladder in his abdomen did hang

So heavy, urging on his growing pangs.

"Oh, fuck!" he cried, "I've got to have a pee!"

And, fumbling with his trousers, nearly tripped.

Hands trembling, legs shaking -- The button stuck!

A jolt of fear shot down from head to feet

And prompted bursting bladder to release,

Its warm and golden weight to quick decrease.

A thick stream gushed, fabric was soaked. "Oh, fuck!

Oh, fuck! Oh, all the rotten things in hell!"

Despite his shame, he heaved a heavy sigh,

His urine patt'ring loudly on the grass

And to the deep, rich soil clinging fast,

Dampening it, when Danny heard a lass:

"Sorry I'm late. . . Are you still here?" she cried.

And, in a flash, around the trunk came Nell.

On seeing her sweet love in such a way,

She stood in place and blushed, and Dan did too,

For his strong stream did not abate in view

Of the sun-haired maiden standing scant few

Small steps from him, thinking to turn away,

But watching, fascinated and compelled.

The stream at last came trickling to a halt

While Danny, both relieved and mortified,

Stammered out apologies, both his eyes

All fringed with tears, the kind a person cries

When faced shame entirely their own fault --

So weighted down with shame, Dan almost fell.

"I'm sorry, but. . ." he nervously began,

"You came so late and I could wait no more.

I didn't think I'd need to go before

Arriving here, but when the clock struck four,

It was too late. I couldn't go and run

To where I could. . ." and nothing more would tell.

Expecting her reproaches then, he shut

His deep blue eyes. His face was burning hot.

He thought she'd go away, but she did not --

Like slender vines, like blankets on a cot,

Nell's arms wrapped 'round him -- Pressed her cheeks to his,

And whispered, "Dan, I've got to go as well."

She drew away, a wry grin on her face,

Keeping his hand so gently in her own.

A moment passed, and Nell began to moan,

And as her pee trickled down she intoned,

With mock anguish, "Now I have been disgraced!"

And lifted up her skirt to show Dan well.

Coiling, fluid shadows rolled down her thighs,

Like Danny's own, glistening in the Sun.

Marks of pleasure, shame, release happ'ly run

Down trembling calves, chilled by a breeze that one

Old apple tree could not stop anywise.

Once more they embraced, together they fell.

So tight they held each other then, so close,

And kissed in view of all the summer birds.

Forgiveness for a sin in neither word

Nor thought condemned, in fact so much preferred

By his beloved, whom he pleased the most.

And so, good Danny Ashford laid with Nell.

Till sunset they laid there, green leaves above,

Small beneath the turquoise sky, large in love.

This next one is a little different. It's something I wrote for myself in high school, and I only tweaked it a little bit from what it was then. I don't know who "Amanda" is. That's just the name I picked for the character.

It was in class one fine day

That I heard Amanda say

That she one gallon of water drank,

All in one sitting -- Who'd have thank?

Now she's squirming by the door,

Regretting her decision poor.

Hands in pockets, casually,

Say "This girl don't have to pee!"

But her bobbing says it all,

As for the bell she quietly calls.

When knees bend for' and butt pops out,

It's obvious what its all about.

The class bell rings and out she zooms,

To the nearest ladies' room,

Moving fast as she can go,

Trying not to leak cargo.

Into the washroom she dashes,

Bladder hot like smoldering ashes,

Leaps in a stall, tears down her jeans,

And lets loose a torrential stream!

She breathes a sigh of ecstasy,

Taking badly needed pee.

A gushing river, crystal clear,

Tinkles loud for all to hear.

Hope you all like! Anyone, please post more poems here. There aren't enough omorashi poems out there!

*005*2014-05-10 21:00

Imagine yourself in a pub for this one. Meant to be sung to a little tune.

(Squirm, dance, wriggle, prance)

She's waiting in the queue.

(Bite lips, sway hips)

And you've got quite a view.

(Bunch skirt, don't spurt)

Seems she just can't keep still.

But will she make it to the loo?

You sure can't say she will.

(Bladder fatter)

She feels she's going to burst.

(So long. Come on!)

This queue is just the worst.

(Pressed thighs, still dry)

It's getting real bad now.

She can tap her foot and quietly curse --

She'll be waiting anyhow.

(Squirm, pout. One out)

There's still five more ahead.

('Scuse me. Cut, please?)

She asks a girl in red.

(Oh, fine! Damn line. . .)

The girl just stands her ground.

And she wishes now she hadn't had

Those two (three?) extra rounds.

Ending I

(So full, can't hold)

Her desperation's great.

(Must flee, must pee)

She can't afford to wait.

(Worry, hurry)

And out the door she goes.

Now from the window by your seat

You can see her squatting pose.

(Squirm, *flash*, rustle, splash)

She heaves a heavy sigh.

(Sweet piss. Oh, what bliss!)

And she comes back in all dry.

Ending II

(So full, can't hold)

Her desperation's great.

(Must flee, must pee)

She can't afford to wait.

(Worry, hurry)

She rushes to the door.

But halfway there it's just too late --

You hear patt'ring on the floor.

(Squirm, flushed, piddle, crushed)

She casts her eyes down low,

(Fish nets and skirt all wet)

As a puddle forms below.

