Dungeons & Desperation - a CYOA - Page 4

Author: anonymous guy choc

*081*2014-07-11 17:54

*You decide that it's best to let your guardelves do the work you pay them for and fight on your behalf. Shutting and locking the door, you wait and listen for noise through the thick, treated wood. (perception check.) Your elven ears don't fail you, as you hear a sharp twang and several cries of pain. (military knowledge check.) You're not sure what the sound was, but you just hope the pained shouts came from the bandits. Suddenly the horses whinny and you are pressed back into your seat as the carriage you are in begins a sudden and rapid acceleration forward. You hear the sounds of ringing steel as well as a thud and crack, you look with no small amount of fear as the shining tip of a crossbow bolt pierces just inside the tough wooden wall to your right.*

*The adrenaline and fear coursing through your veins has made you all too aware of your earlier need to pee, and the heavy jostling is making you aware of just how bad it is. You aren't desperate, but you certainly wouldn't want to be in this situation back at a council sitting. Turning your thoughts to the present situation of a battle just behind you and two bolting horses in front, you decide it's best to...*

Recommended options:

Get out of the out of control carriage

Scream for help

Hold on tight and try not to get thrown into the crossbow bolt

*095*2014-07-21 14:38

*Realizing the bolt could easily strike you and potentially cause a sever wound, you stuff the pair of fancy, fluffy pillows seated in the back cabin against the bolt. Hopefully the padding will at least damped any piercing you might otherwise suffer. That being done, you brace yourself as best you can as the carriage back rocks and tumbles around. You hit a jarring bump in the road and are flung to the side wall.*

*A sharp pain stings your left arm as the bolt pierces your skin, but the padding you placed in the way has reduced the wound to barely a scratch. The rough, tumbling journey continues for a long while. Having no method to tell time, you aren't sure how long, but the ride was harsh, uncomfortable, and out of control. Now you have come to a complete stop and can hear rushing water outside.*

*Bruised, still bleeding a little onto your dress, and more than a little scared of what happened back there, the watery sounds have little impact on your bladder's feeling at the moment, and it's forgotten as the adrenaline surges through you.*

Suggested actions:

Dress your minor wound (with what?)

Check outside

Wait here and rest

Call for help

