The Girl Who Liked To Hold It - Part 4

Author: pdancefan

*000*2015-11-24 00:19

Kelly looked up as the last bell of the school day rang. Her classmates rose up from their desks and headed for the door, eager to head home.

Kelly, who was wearing a green summer dress, rose slowly from her desk, keeping her legs pressed together against her strong urge to pee. Kelly gathered up her books and slowly walked down the hall. Exiting the building, she saw the school buses pull out from the curb. As she started up the sidewalk to head home, Kelly noticed a girl with long blond hair up ahead. The girl, who was wearing pink jeans and matching pink shirt with flowers on the front, looked familiar, and Kelly racked her brain trying to place her. Aha! It was the 6th grader who had held her pee at recess that one day! Kelly smiled as she remembered the girl’s desperation to pee and the methods she used to hold it in. It was this experience that had started Kelly’s own holding games.

Kelly hurried, at least as much as a girl with an overfull bladder can, to catch up to the older girl. "Hi!" called Kelly. "Oh Hi!" replied the girl. "I’m Kelly."

"I’m Susan." she answered. "Wait a minute. I remember you - from the playground at recess." said Susan. "That’s me!" replied Kelly. Kelly noticed that Susan was rocking from foot to foot, and wriggling her left leg front to back. She also had an empty water bottle in her hand.

The sight reminded Kelly of her own need to pee, and Kelly started squirming on the spot as well. "I need to pee really bad, and it looks like you do to." said Susan. "When I saw you holding it on the playground that day, it made me want to try it, too. I like holding it too, now." answered Kelly.  "Let’s walk home together!" said Susan as they compared addresses, and discovered that they lived about 2 blocks apart.

They walked slowly along the sidewalk, their pace hampered by their full bladders as they made their way to their homes. Stopping at the town’s main street, the could not stand still. Kelly pressed the front of her dress into her crotch with her right hand as she walked in a small circle. Susan, grabbed her crotch and high stepped in place as she fought her bladder.  The light changed, and the two girls resumed their walk.

They hobbled along for two more blocks, when Susan suddenly grabbed her crotch and rubbed her legs together as a huge urge hit her. "Oh! I have to pee so bad! I can’t hold it much longer!" Susan exclaimed. Susan hobbled a few more steps, then froze. "Oh! Oh! I can’t move! Oh! OH! OHHH! OH NO! I’M PEEING MYSELF!!!" Susan shrieked. Kelly, with her hands jammed in her own crotch to fight her own bursting bladder, watched as dark spot formed on the seat of Susan’s pink jeans. The sport quickly grew and spread down both legs as a torrent of pee poured out over her feet and all over the sidewalk.  The pee flowed for over 40 seconds as Susan’s bladder let go completely.

"I PEED MYSELF!" exclaimed Susan as the flow stopped.

By now Kelly knew the same was about to happen to her. Thinking fast, she spotted some hedges at the front of a yard that were bent over to form a little screened off area inside them. Kelly immediately started hobbling to them. Susan saw Kelly pass her and realized where she was headed. Susan set off after Kelly, walking stiff and wide legged due to the wetness of her jeans. Kelly made to the hedges and ducked inside. Susan hobbled over and arrived just in time to see Kelly pull up her green dress, revealing her matching green panties. Kelly quickly pulled the crotch of her panties aside, just as a her bladder let go. Susan watched as a thick stream of pee shot out from Kelly and spattered on the grass below. Kelly’s stream continued for 30 seconds before finally ebbing and stopping. After a few dribbles, Kelly let her panties fall back into place. "Boy! That was close!" exclaimed Kelly.

"Hey! That’s not fair! I peed my pants and you didn’t!" complained Susan. "I don’t want to get in trouble with my Mommy." said Kelly. "She doesn’t know I like to hold it." she explained. "My Mom doesn’t care," said Susan, "as long as I wash the peed in clothes myself."

The two girls walked the rest of the way home together, agreeing to have more holding fun together in the future.

