The Iron Queen - Page 4

Author: Pain

*060*2019-02-17 08:26

Day-VIII

The Queen’s Calm

The morning came and Her Highness woke up with a dull ache in her bladder. Outside her tent, men were stirring. She heard the whicker of horses, Sir Mandon complaining of stiffness in his back, Sir George calling for his sword. Queen Charlotte wished they would just shut up and let her sleep. They were good men, loyal, yet she wanted them to go away so she could rest a little while longer.

Her need to urinate had been mounting steadily and had reached a new peak through the night. Though still not desperate she wished she could find some relief, but then she looked at Farlen who was still sound asleep and she thought of all the fun the boy had been having, it brought a smile to her face to think that she was the reason he was so happy even away from home. Someday, she promised herself as she lay abed, one day she would allow herself to be just a woman with a bladder that needs emptying. But not today. It could not be today. Today she had to be the Iron Queen for the boy who had completely forgotten about his uncomfortable bed wettings.

Outside the tent, Sir Lambert was stirring oats into a kettle, while Sir Deric sat sharpening the blade of his sword.

“Your Highness, I found some nettles and brewed a tea,” Sir Lambert announced when Charlotte stepped out of the tent, “Will m’lady take a pot?”

“Yes, with thanks.”

“And, my Queen,” Sir Deric followed, “There are birds in this grass. Would you fancy a roast quail to break your fast this morning?”

“Tea is sufficient for me . . . and oats along with it for the rest of the party, I think. We have many leagues yet to ride, Sir Deric.”

“As you will, my Queen,” the knight’s face looked dejected, the tips of his great mustache twitching with disappointment. “Oats and tea, and what could be better?” He was one of the fattest men Charlotte had ever known, but however much he loved his food, he loved his honor more.

“Ask the tea to be sent to my tent,” Her Highness spoke, “And tell Elizabeth that I summon her at once.”

With that, Charlotte walked back into her pavilion to find Farlen awake and smiling, “O’ my fair, Queen! How are you this morning? Do you need a piss?”

“Not at all, my Lord” Charlotte smiled back, standing defiantly with her legs wide apart, “A Queen can hold her waters as long as she wishes to.”

“Oh, is that so?” Farlen said, looking curiously at the size her bladder had grown.

“Yes, absolutely!” she answered, “To be honest, I don’t feel anything more in my bladder than a small tinkle! I am perfectly fine!” Charlotte said.

“Well, I believe you, Your Highness” Farlen answered, “You do not look like you need a piss at all.”

They broke midway from their conversation when they heard the sound of the tent flaps as Elizabeth walked in, carrying the teapot and a cup on a tray of shining steel. Farlen could tell by her face that she was scared to come before the Queen, “Did you call for me, Your Highness?”

“Yes, I want you to help me get ready before we get on the road,” Charlotte said.

The girl nodded before she placed the tray on the table and followed the Queen behind the curtains.

Her Highness had chosen a light blue dress with corset and an underskirt for the day. "Help me," she said to Elizabeth. The girl took the underskirt and held it open as Queen Charlotte removed her clothes and stepped into it. She quickly tied up the back then reached for the corset next, but Charlotte waved the girl’s hand away. "That would take too long and there's no need for it," she said, pressing her legs together under the skirt.

"But my Lady, you are the Queen of Twelve Kingdoms. Traveling while in improper attire would only serve to humiliate you and upset the people."

"Yes, yes," Charlotte said reluctantly. She raised her arms above her head, and Elizabeth pulled the torturous garment around her middle. She stood there, staring forward with impatience and annoyance as the young maid laced the back of the corset. Finally, she gave the strings a hard tug. Queen Charlotte squeezed her eyes shut as the corset pulled tight against her abdomen, pushing her inflated bladder, “Ah! Not so tight you simpering little fool!” she cursed her.

Elizabeth frowned in response, "I beg your pardon, my Queen, but it won't close all the way," she mumbled.

"I must have gained a bit of weight," Charlotte lied. "As I said before, the corset really isn't-" was all she could speak before Elizabeth gave the ropes another huge pull, and the garment wrapped itself around her. Charlotte closed her eyes tightly in an effort to contain her piss until the sudden pressure abated. Finally, Elizabeth helped the Queen with her blue dress and Her Highness was ready to leave.

"Are you ready, my Queen?" Elizabeth asked. "Have you need of a chamberpot?"

Charlotte glared at her. "Watch your words, you fool. I know when to call for a chamberpot. Now, I’ll have my tea before we set out." Elizabeth bowed low and turned, quickly striding out of the curtained partition. Charlotte followed, completely ignoring the way her enormous bladder throbbed with every step.

She had two pots of tea upon a liter of water before they left, leaving her stomach bloated with liquids that now slowly made its way into her bladder. Her heart was pounding faster now and her head felt heavier. She could feel a violent surge of piss swirling inside her bladder. She had been consuming so much liquid and none of it had found its way out yet. It was no surprise she really needed to piss now.

She had to clutch her abdomen as new urges ripped through her with every movement she made. Her bladder was strained incredibly. On any other day, Her Highness would have thought of privy breaks as a totally unnecessary waste of time. But today, she was feeling the effects of every wee she had withheld since the past seven days.

But the Queen didn’t know why she felt her need to urinate surge all of a sudden. Charlotte knew that a mere two pots of tea were nothing much for her bladder. Her iron tank was meant to contain heavy volumes of piss and such little tea added with a little amount of water was something she didn’t really need to care about. Maybe it was the corset. She cursed Elizabeth for tying it so tight.

But unbeknown to Her Highness, Lord Farlen had clandestinely mixed the remainder of the weeing powder into her tea while she was changing her clothes. The little boy was shivering with the anticipation of getting to watch the Queen loose control of her mammoth full bladder but Her Highness was still fighting hard to maintain her decorum. “Your Highness, is everything alright? You look a bit uncomfortable?”

“O-oh, i-it’s n-nothing..” she said flustered, “I-I am fine!”

Farlen could sense she was lying, he could see in her eyes she wanted nothing more than to piss in the first privy she could find, but Her Highness hid it very well. But slowly and steadily the pressure inside her bladder began to rise further and the confident Queen began to doubt if she could make it till they reached somewhere she could pee. Inns and rest houses were few and far to come by and Charlotte knew that she needed to use any opportunity she could find to relieve herself.

Farlen knew the weeing powder might be working continuously by now and the strain would be too much for the Queen to take this time. He knew her bladder was full and beaten, and it was only a matter of time before she would not be able to hold it any longer. Her pursed lips and the confused and frightened look on her face told him it was true.

While his mother rode inside the carriage nursing a bladder full with gallons of piss, Iwan rode affront on his horse enjoying the view of the country hills and woods. As a lover of nature, King Iwan had always preferred to spend his time in the country rather than the court. While taking on journeys, his royal standing had never isolated him from the people he met. The King was known to stop and converse with the lowborn locals who crossed his path, who he often piled them with gifts and favors. So beloved was Iwan to commons in the countryside they dubbed him “our cherished King.”

Iwan stopped when he came across a small village. It was a tiny remote settlement guarded by a wooden palisade, surrounded by tall sentinels and thick pines. The farmers were working in their fields, swineherds with their pigs and a milkmaid was leading a cow. The farmers stopped what they were doing when they saw the entourage appear, “Fair morrow, my friends!” the King said, “Is there anywhere near I could find some wine and a little food to fill my stomach?”

The villagers were confused, “There ain’t no inns or stays on the road that we know of, my Lord” said one of them.

“This ain’t no Lord” Sir Mandon told the peasants from atop his horse, “You stand before King Iwan of the King’s Fort of Godswick, son of the Late King Owain of House Seymour and Queen Charlotte of House Torrington, grandson to Henry the Good, the Second of His Name, King of all men and Lord of the Twelve Kingdoms.”

The two men fell to their knees, “Oh forgive us, Your Highness for we could not recognize you,” the other one said, “Does the Queen come along with you?”

“Yes,” Iwan smiled as he stepped down of his horse, “My mother rides behind in the coach,” he answered.

The traveling party could be seen from afar and the handful of villagers who lived there began to gather, “Such a great pleasure to have you at Forrest Cove, my King” said an old man as he approached the place where they stood, “I am Eadmund, Your Highness. I’ve lived here for many years and I once had the honor of hosting your grandfather, King Henry when he was passing by here with his men. I know I am but a small servant of yours but I would be blessed and honored if you and Her Highness come to my place, my good King. My wife is roasting a duck that I’m sure you’d both enjoy with some ale” he said with a smile.

“That would be the most generous of you, kind Sir,” King Iwan said, more than happy to accept the offer.

Dying for a piss, Queen Charlotte stepped out of the carriage, followed closely by Farlen. She tried to remain as calm and collected she could be as she clasped her hands before her crotch. She knew there must be a place somewhere here where she could urgently relieve her aching bladder. She was desperate, really desperate now, the weeing powder stretching her bladder to a painful extent.

Several fat brown chickens were pecking their way along the path as she along with Iwan and Farlen accompanied the old man to his place. The Queen’s bladder was throbbing and she was beginning to worry. As they reached the old man’s yard, she spotted an outhouse and stopped, “What is it, mother?” Iwan asked.

“Oh, you carry on son, I’ll join you all in a moment,” Charlotte responded.

“Is everything alright?” the young King asked.

“Y-yes-yes! It is!” she answered, “Now go on!”

Iwan nodded and went in with the old man while Farlen couldn’t help but grin.

“You look rather desperate, Your Highness,” the boy teased her playfully.

“Yes, I am! My bladder is going to explode!” she added, placing a hand on her swollen front, briefly looking at the outhouse, “Now then, to make it….official…can I please go relieve myself?”

Farlen was shocked. He couldn't believe that the Queen who seemed so calm and composed just moments ago had been hiding such panic. He looked at the normally confident, iron-bladdered Queen, now bursting with desperation thanks to the weeing powder and seven days without a privy, and a part of him really did want to let her get relief. She deserved it, she had been holding it for so long. But…another part of him, the part currently enjoying her predicament and the control he had over her, wanted little Farlen to see how far he could push it. The two sides wrestled in his mind for what seemed like hours but were probably only mere moments, and eventually, one side came out the victor.

“Wait, Your Highness, I thought you said that a Queen can hold her waters as long as she wishes to?” he asked her with an innocent voice he’d gotten so good at using.

“Well…yes…” Queen Charlotte replied, startled that the boy didn’t immediately give her permission despite her obvious need, “But I don’t know what is happening to me! I’ve never had to piss this much ever before!” she said as she pressed her thick thighs and clenched her fists on her sides, “And moreover, this is part of the game as well, letting me go! It’s still part of the game dear. Besides…I’m really bursting to go to that outhouse!”

The boy decided to probe further, “But…if the game is still going on…if I asked you to wait, would you wait?” Queen Charlotte’s eyes widened further than Farlen thought possible as she realized his intentions.

“Please…my sweet child…I haven’t been to the privy in over seven days now! I really do need to go, I’m afraid.”

Farlen pushed on, “You didn’t answer my question, my Queen. I know you really have to go, and I’ll let you go soon, honestly, I will! But if I asked you to wait right now, would you wait?”

Charlotte moaned and held her abdomen as another urge rippled inside her copiously full bladder. Finally, she said, “I don’t know if I can…I have to go so badly. Won’t you let me go?”

Farlen continued to push her, “Could you wait for me?” he asked in his most pitiful, guilt-causing voice.

“Sweet child….I…I…uhhh…alright! Ok, I can try for you. Yes, I can try. But promise that I can go soon, very soon. I haven’t needed to go this bad in a long time,” Charlotte responded, making a last-ditch effort to contain her unbearable urge. With a wince, she forced herself to keep her bladder tightly shut, clenching her hands at her sides but refusing to grab her crotch.

“Let’s go inside,” she said to the boy, to which he nodded, and she waddled as best as she could into the small house, bladder still bulging obscenely, and still unrelieved. The Queen kept fanning her legs and squeezing her crotch under the table when she was sure no one was looking as the old woman served them with bread and roasted duck, and Farlen kept waiting for the Queen to bolt to the outhouse, game or no game. But she grimly held on to her load of piss, and amazingly she even drank a mug of beer with whatever little she ate.

As everyone talked and laughed and giggled, abruptly the Queen placed a hand on her aching bladder as a gigantic wave of urgency ripped through her. “Ahhhhh!” she moaned through gritted teeth, pressing her thighs as she fought to keep her piss inside. Charlotte and Farlen made an eye contact, and they both realized that she was at her limit. Farlen knew that if he didn’t let her go, the Queen would definitely wet herself in the old man’s hut. Surely then she’d never think of playing this game with him again.

He looked at her and the Queen knew she now had his permission to pee. “Pardon me, everyone, I’ll be back in a moment” she quickly got up on shaky legs, moaned once more in pain, and hobbled as quickly as she could to the door. Farlen watched her as she rushed, her bladder was so full she could not even walk straight.

When she reached the door, she pushed it open faster than she had ever pushed open a door in her life before stepping outside and moving towards the outhouse over twenty steps away. She was finally going to get the satisfaction of pissing like a horse and feel the monstrous wave of urine rush out of her.

Once there, Charlotte shoved the stall door to get in, but to her great dismay it didn't move, she tried harder to push but then heard a voice, “Hey! Go away!” someone was inside using the lavatory, maybe someone from their traveling party.

Charlotte let out a labored breath as she held the wall of the outhouse for support, standing on one foot and bending on the knee as she crossed her legs tightly. She could feel a few drops of piss escape her before she quickly closed her pee hole back shut. The weeing powder was killing her, oh she couldn’t wait to get inside! “Could you please hurry?” Charlotte knocked on the door, desperately trying to fight off her overwhelming need to urinate.

“You'll have to wait a minute,” answered an irate voice from inside.

“Please! Hurry!” she requested the man but even after waiting for a while, Charlotte was still standing out waiting for her turn to use the outhouse. Embarrassed by the thought of being found waiting to use the privy, Charlotte decided to go back into the house and come back a little while later.

Charlotte got back inside the house with a frown on her face and her ever-present bladder bulge staring everyone in there right in the face at eye-level.

“Is everything alright, my Queen?” asked the old man with a bit of concern.

“Y-yes..” Charlotte said as she took her seat right next to little Farlen.

“You didn’t go?” the little boy whispered, his voice subdued only by the crackling sound of the wood in the oven.

“No, there is someone using the outhouse, I’ll have to go back” she whispered, still frowning in annoyance.

After a few minutes, the Queen got up back again unable to suppress her need to pee any longer and stepped out to use the outhouse, but just then she saw Sir Mandon entering it, “Oh, no!” she gasped as she walked towards the lavatory with quick baby steps, trying not to jolt her bladder but unfortunately, Sir Mandon got in before she could stop him. This time the Queen decided to wait right here for her turn, which she hoped would come soon, but to her great frustration and anger, Sir Mandon was taking his own sweet time inside the lavatory.

She wanted to bang the door and tell him to get the hell out so she could take a long relieving piss, but Charlotte knew that would be really unladylike and being the Queen, she knew she must keep her patience. Pursing her lips in a semblance of concentration and effort it was taking to hold back her urine, Charlotte slightly bobbed up and down her knees, with her legs crossed and a hand on the wall of the outhouse for support and the other on her arse.

Her heartbeat raced as she finally heard the door unlock and the door opened, “Oh thank goodness!” she breathed, ready to make a mad dash inside.

“My Queen, how long have you been standing out here?” Sir Mandon asked as he stepped out.

“N-not long” Charlotte gave a curt smile to the Kingsguard as she bent her knee to keep her bladder pains in check before beginning to make her way into the outhouse, ready to take a piss she had been bursting to take for so long!

“It’s a really beautiful country, ain’t it, my Queen?” he asked her as she stopped and she quickly crossed her one leg over the other, holding the door to the outhouse open with one hand and the other holding her hip. She wanted to kill Sir Mandon for delaying her from getting the relief she craved so much, but it would have been rude to break the conversation in-between, so Charlotte stood there, listening to his blabbering half-heartedly.

“I think Bucephalus loves it here,” he said looking at his horse that was tied to a tree of oak nearby. It was a massive creature with a massive head and it had a black coat with a large white mark on his brow. His breeding was that of the best Thessalian strain. A perfect warhorse for the Kingsguard to ride upon, “He’s beautiful, isn’t he, your Highness?”

“I-Indeed” Charlotte forced a smile, least bothered about the stupid horse and waiting for Sir Mandon to end his mindless yak so she could finally get inside and piss, but it didn’t look like the knight was going to stop any time soon.

“I won him by a wager with my father” Sir Mandon said, “A horse dealer offered him to my father for a really high sum of a dozen gold coins, but because no one could tame him, my father was not interested. However, I was, and I offered to pay myself should I fail to tame it and everyone was surprised when I subdued the beast.”

“Oh” Charlotte managed to say; trying to look interested in the conversation as she cursed him under her breath for making her wait longer while the tempting privy hole invited her.

“It was easy really, to tame him, I spoke soothingly to him and turned him toward the sun so that he could no longer see his own shadow, which had been the cause of his distress” the Kingsguard went on with a proud smile.

“That’s really great, Sir Mandon, but I really need to--”

“Pardon me, my Queen,” the old man said as he came out of the house and walked towards them, “If you don’t mind, I’d like to use the privy,” he smiled.

Charlotte was horrified; it was her turn to use the privy! She wanted to go so badly! She wanted to stop the old man and ask him to let her go first, but she could neither muster the courage nor the words to stop him and she just looked with defeat in her eyes as he got in and closed the door. She was sure she would kill Sir Mandon today.

Just then, King Iwan and Farlen stepped out of the house as well, “Mother, if you are ready, we must get back on the road now..” he said.

“B-but I-I…” she fumbled, looking at the closed privy door.

“Is everything alright mother?” Iwan asked.

“Y-Yes, but if we could wait for a moment before getting back on the road, I-I mean…” Charlotte spoke.

“I’m afraid we cannot wait any longer, we need to be at Boarstall Tower before it turns dark…” Iwan responded before he gave a word of thanks to the old lady and asked Sir Mandon to give a pouch of silver to her, which she accepted with a smile, “Mother, shall we go now?” the King said.

“S-sure…” Charlotte answered, looking longingly at the outhouse as she straightened herself, I don’t need a privy, I am the Queen. She steeled her bladder through sheer will and felt a new wave of strength ripple through her aching vessel as it fortified its walls against the incessant thrashing of the urine inside.

She thanked the old woman and then walked as calmly as she could from the yard towards her coach and climbed in, without letting anyone know that she had let the only chance to relieve herself slip from her hands.

As he got inside the carriage, Farlen asked, looking at the enormous bladder bulge the Queen was still nursing, “Didn’t you go before we left?”

“No, I couldn’t,” she said, trying to save as much strength as possible.

“But don’t you have to go?”

Queen Charlotte smiled, her bladder was aching, but she knew she couldn’t let it get over her, “No child, I am fine; you don’t need to worry about me. A lady can always wait just a little longer if she needs to,” though she knew she was not too far away from nearly wetting herself with desperation, she knew she couldn’t let it show.

“Are you certain, Your Highness?” the little boy asked, concern evident in his voice.

“Yes, I told you dear, I am alright” she sighed, placing a hand on her bulging tank, “I’ll just have to make more room inside my bladder, I know it still has some space left” she sighed, closing her eyes and resting her head back.

Farlen was left speechless and awestruck to know that even after all the bladder pumping weeing powder, the Queen still had the strength left to keep holding it. By when they reached Boarstall Tower in the evening, Queen Charlotte had drunk liters more of water and she was holding it back as if it was nothing. But her bladder was pounding with the sheer volume of urine.

The Queen stepped out of the carriage with a ferocious piss due and put on a smile on her beautiful face as Lord Nicholas came to greet her and the young King.

For Lord Nicholas, it was nothing less of a treat to welcome Her Highness at his castle. He had always been fascinated with Charlotte’s beauty and as many times as he visited the capital, he made sure to visit the Queen once just to look at her beautiful face and her heavy tits that filled her blouse so well.

He even had all his whores tie their hair as the Queen did, such was his fascination towards Her Highness. Hence, it was no surprise that he was overjoyed to receive the woman he fancied, as a guest at his castle. Lord Nicholas hid his nervousness well as he took the dinner table with the King and his mother and the Little Lord Farlen.

They had a lot to eat and drink, particularly white wine, which they all gulped down. They were talking about a lot of things, about life in the country in general, and Lord Nicholas started to notice that Charlotte’s attention was elsewhere. She started shifting in her seat and looked restless.

“What’s the matter, my Queen?” he asked.

“Er..nothing at all,” she replied.

She could’ve fooled him. But Lord Nicholas knew that when a lady started to shift around in her seat, it always indicated that she needed to relieve herself. He had always gotten excited if a woman was desperate, but this time, it was Her Highness who needed to go. He pretended to drop a spoon onto the floor. As he looked under the table, he saw Charlotte’s legs clasped tight together, and she had put one hand on her bulging bladder. Lord Nicholas’ prick immediately got hard. She had never shown any signs till now that told that she needed to go during the evening, while King Iwan, Farlen and even Lord Nicholas himself had gone to the privy a few times though.

The servant came around to refill the empty cup of wine that the Queen now held in her hand. On her way back, Lord Nicholas stopped the servant discreetly and whispered something to her, but Charlotte was able to catch the phrase “…keep giving her more…” Charlotte drew her brows closer as she tried to understand what his motive was behind this.

Maybe he knows I need a piss, she wondered, He really thought he was going to be able to defeat my bladder with a few cups of wine?

The fact that she had not urinated for so long did not matter. And even the effects of weeing powder were beginning to wear off which made her even more confident. Charlotte was not going to let this lowly lord prove his superiority over her, so she kept drinking without showing a sign of discomfort. But as the night wore on, she became more desperate; squirming on the seat, shifting from side to side and now had one hand pressed between her thighs. Lord Farlen was smiling in satisfaction to see the Queen finally letting her desperation boil over and become evident. But the Queen still had her iron bladder to support her iron will. There was no way she was going to let Lord Nicholas know that she was aching for a piss, so she continued with her game and tried to sit as if nothing bothered her.

Over the course of the dinner, it felt to her like there was always a full cup of wine in her hand, and Charlotte always made sure to make direct eye contact with Lord Nicholas each time she drank it down. She ended up drinking ten cups of wine during that time, but not once did she excuse herself for the privy, even when everyone else on the table did just that. Lord Nicholas noticed that her fidgeting became constant and pronounced as the night progressed. Finally, they were done and Charlotte left the place, and she walked out of the great hall with her super-filled bladder bursting with gallons and gallons of urine.

When she finally reached her chambers, ready to take a massive piss, Queen Charlotte paced towards the privy with her hands placed on her plump ass, keeping her thighs close all the time as she took small but quick steps towards her salvation, “My Queen” she heard Farlen call out, “What if we continue the game from here on?”

“What?” Charlotte asked shocked, “But you said before that I could go!”

“Well, not anymore, my Queen” Farlen giggled, “I’ve had a change of mind.”

“Oooh, boy” Charlotte said, wincing in agony as she crossed her legs tightly, “I’ve had more water than Sir Mandon’s horse today! Are you sure I cannot go to the privy yet?”

“I’m afraid not, Your Highness” he giggled, “You’ll have to sleep with a full bladder for another night…”

His words sent waves of fear up across her spine. She didn’t know if she had what it took to hold on longer but she was not going to give up. “Alright, then” Charlotte forced herself to say, “I will hold it, if you want” she added, her bladder felt like it was going to burst but she hid her desperation well. The Queen and Lord Farlen climbed into the bed, with the little Lord putting a hand across Charlotte’s swollen urine tank as they both tried to sleep.

Queen Charlotte winced in agony but relaxed as much as she could with her bladder in its current state. She commanded that it calm itself, but it was slow to listen to its mistress. It was busy trying to convince her of its own needs, such as the necessary human need to empty one’s bladder regularly. She didn’t even have the reserves of energy left to seek Farlen’s permission to go to the privy and eventually, exhausted as she was from her long day, Queen Charlotte fell asleep. As she slept, the liters of pent-up urine swirled around inside her, trying to find an exit after so long of being contained but the Queen’s vault remained closed tightly as ever.

Meanwhile, in the eastern wing of the castle two stories above, inside a dark room filled with pots and beakers and potions and herbs, Lord Nicholas looked on intently as Mæjester Gregorius took equal amounts of radish, bishopwort, garlic, wormwood, helenium, cropleek and hollowleek before adding them up to the boiling concoction of pounded Lacewing flies, leeches, knotgrass, fluxweed and shed snake skin, steering in water with celandine and red nettle, “How much longer?” he asked.

“Almost done, my Lord,” Gregorius said, as he stirred the boiling mixture in a small cauldron over the fireplace. A grin ran through Nicholas’ face as he walked back and forth impatiently, looking at the steam rise from the concoction.

“I’m sure I’ve done everything right,” said Mæjester Gregorius, nervously rereading the splotched page of Moste Potente Potions. “It looks like the book says it should . . . once someone has drunk it, they’ll have exactly half an hour before they change back into themselves.”

“Good” Nicholas beamed, “Osbert!” he called out to the guard standing outside.

“Yes, m’lord” the man rushed in.

“Get someone to help you carry this cauldron back to my chambers and ask Morgause to come meet me at once!” he ordered.

“As it please you, m’Lord” the guard nodded and left. Of all the maids in his service, Morgause was Lord Nicholas’ favorite. She was the most obedient and faithful of all his servants and the Lord had always had a soft spot for her in his heart. Soon Morgause stood outside Lord Nicholas’ chambers, dressed in her night robes and sleep still lingering in her eyes, “Did you call for me, my Lord?” she asked, yawning. But sleep deserted her when she saw the thick black smoke rising from the small cauldron kept on a stand over the table which Lord Nicholas was stirring vehemently. She was quick to cover her face with a hand, “What is that you are brewing m’Lord?”

“Get in and close the door” Lord Nicholas looked at her, sweating, shiny-faced and anxious. Morgause heard the gloop-gloop of the bubbling, glutinous potion. A tumbler stood ready on the table. The young maid walked towards him and stared into the cauldron. Close up, the potion looked like thick, dark mud, bubbling sluggishly, “I want you to drink this” he said.

“Eww..I won’t drink that, m’Lord” Morgause exclaimed, “It looks like mud!” She looked at him for a moment and then continued, “But what do you want me to drink it for?”

“I’ll tell you everything,” Nicholas said as he dipped the iron ladle into the cauldron and poured a large dollop into the tumbler kept right next to it, “Trust me, no harm will come to you.. but before that…” he added into the tumbler a strand of Queen Charlotte’s hair he had picked up from the dinner table after she had left .

The potion hissed loudly like a boiling kettle and frothed madly, filling the room with the scent of daisies. A second later, it had turned a light pinkish in color.

“Drink it before it cools” said Lord Nicholas, looking at her and she lifted the tumbler in her hand.

“Are you sure it won’t make me ill?” she asked.

“It won't, as far as I ,know” he said unsure, “Now drink it already!”

“Alright-alright!”

Morgause drank the potion down in two large gulps. It tasted like overcooked cabbage. Suddenly, her insides started writhing as though she had her innards filled with hot molten iron, ready to burst out of her stomach — doubled up, she wondered whether she was going to be sick — then a burning sensation spread rapidly from her stomach to the very ends of her fingers and toes. Morgause struggled as the skin all over her body bubbled like hot wax — and before her eyes, the skin on her hands turned more tender and soft compared to the skin she had hardened from work, the fingers grew longer and the nails cleaner and shinier.

She grew almost a foot taller and her bosom grew large and heavy. Her robes changed and grew into a light blue color like the one Queen Charlotte had been wearing during the dinner, her hair neatly tied in a bun like a noblewoman. Where Morgause had stood just moments ago, now stood Queen Charlotte. Suddenly she crossed her legs and grabbed her stomach as her bladder began to expand, liters and liters of urine getting filled into it all at once, she straightened a bit and held her stomach with both her hands as it continued to swell and swell further, “Ahhh!” she wailed in pain as her bladder expanded like a hard pumpkin, Lord Nicholas’ eyes shone evilly. And then, as suddenly as it had started, everything stopped.

At once Morgause jammed both her hands into her crotch in desperation as an immense wave of urine collided against the walls of her bladder. A jet of urine burst into her smallclothe but she somehow managed to cut off the flow. Nicholas looked at her, completely shocked and at a lack of words. Morgause was indistinguishable from Queen Charlotte, her beautiful face, the silk thick brown hair tied in a bun, sky blue robes and the gold plated necklace, “This is unbelievable,” he said.

“M’Lord” Morgause cried out, “I beg to leave you for a moment, I really need to take a piss…” she cried out crossing her legs. She didn’t know what was happening to her, a moment ago she was sure she didn’t need to pee at all but now her bladder felt like it would explode with gallons of urine at any moment.

“No, you shall not,” Nicholas said as he came forward and kissed her, feeling her bulging abdomen against him. His lust was huge, his penis made its presence known in his breeches.

She kissed him back, the taste of his lips was like what she had always dreamt. She could feel his throbbing cock against her and she fondled it gently over his clothes. She pulled the string of his breeches and let the beast come out. His cock was hard as an iron rod.

He laid back on the bed, his feet still touching the ground and his member raging with erection. The Queen whimpered undoing the string of her drawers and letting it fall to the ground. Her agonizingly full bladder made it difficult to let him enter her without making her desperation worse. With her skirts pulled up to her belly, Charlotte began to bob up and down on Lord Nicholas’ cock, holding her piss right on the edge of shooting out. The inner Morgause trembled in desperation, her small bladder untrained to take so much pressure at once, “Oh, Lord Nicholas, I cannot hold it any longer!” she cried out but he didn’t care, thrusting his raging cock inside her.

She battled on for a few more moments before a slight leak escaped, “M’looooorrrd!” she squealed, closing her eyes tightly shut in an effort to hold back her piss but it was no use, it was simply too much for poor Charlotte to take and a hot torrent of piss erupted out of her, arching five feet across the room as she bobbed up and down on the Lord’s cock. Nicholas, who could only see the back of the Queen’s head, bent his neck sideways and saw the tip of her stream reaching the wall several feet away, it was absolutely too much for him and he came in an instant, thrusting his cock harder inside her. She bobbed up and down on his cock while her torrent of piss arched all the way across the chamber. The love was sweet that night.

$$

$$

$$

$$

*066*2019-02-21 14:57

{{On 2/17/2019 at 2:37 PM, Melificentfan said:

Hot damn that was fantastic I'm looking forward to reading more

}}

Thank you so much, Melificentfan!

{{On 2/17/2019 at 4:50 PM, Biku said:

Nice. Pushing my agenda and hoping queen Charlotte makes it in time

}}

I too love reading or watching just made it scenarios, my dear friend Biku. I don't want to reveal anything, but I just want to say that the ending of the story is already decided and even half penned down. It does not mean that I am not open to ideas and suggestions, you're always welcome to make requests since you drew that beautiful art of the Queen for us all, I'll be glad to write a story for you. But meanwhile, I think you'll like another story that I've written on a similar theme, here is the link to it-

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/31202-the-lords-tourney/?do=embed" {{On 2/17/2019 at 8:06 PM, gfaroank said:

Wonderful. The Queen is a superhuman being.

}}

Haha thanks a ton! The Queen is not a superhuman being, she is just a human being who could go to any lengths to keep her pride and save her dignity and to make the people around her happy.

{{On 2/18/2019 at 11:44 PM, AkenoSama said:

Sure, I love Aunt Linda, I'll check that another stories too, I just start to read... Let's follow the story of the Queen lol

}}

Thanks for reading, I hope you like it AkenoSama.

{{On 2/20/2019 at 10:46 AM, Girlie said:

I love this

}}

Thanks. It means a lot.

$

*069*2019-02-25 14:12

{{On 2/24/2019 at 9:25 AM, hs8 said:

Amazing this story is so interesting can't wait for the next update

}}

Thanks it means a lot :)

{{On 2/21/2019 at 8:33 PM, Biku said:

I've already read everything in the Charlotte saga, it's really nice. As for suggestions, just do whatever you feel's right. Though I've always been curious about the type of smallclothes the Queen's wearing, the more specific, the better

$$

N e a t

}}

Sure Biku, I'll try to add more details :)

*070*2019-03-13 15:51

Her Highness

$$

*072*2019-03-14 00:41

{{6 hours ago, Bombality said:

Drawn by you?

}}

Yes, I know it is nowhere close to how you draw, but I just wanted to try it out.

*075*2019-03-14 13:48

{{7 hours ago, Bombality said:

So I was feeling inspired and decided to draw queen charlotte again.$$

}}

Love it!!

*078*2019-03-17 12:38

{{On 3/15/2019 at 9:34 AM, warham1995 said:

When are you going to continue the story?

}}

I hope soon. I haven't been getting enough time to work on it actually.

*079*2019-03-21 19:31

Day-IX

Boḫārā

Queen Charlotte’s bladder woke her up even before the sun had shown itself in the skies, her organ more swollen than ever. The beer and wine had taken effect and it appeared as though the Queen had a full-grown pumpkin in her belly. Her skin was stretched around her bladder and the pressure of the piss, desperate to come out of this sanctuary of control, was greater than ever. She knocked her knees together and ground her thighs into one another, gritting her teeth as the waves of bladder pressure started ripping through her body. But Charlotte was not about to lose this load. Gingerly, she got out of bed, letting the pressure to urinate slide to the back of her mind. Her Highness had her usual share of water and a pot of tea followed by it before going to get dressed. She depended heavily on her bladder to store every drop of her aching piss securely within its walls.

When she walked out of the dressing room, closely followed by Elizabeth who had helped her dress, Charlotte found that Lord Farlen was awake and smiling, “Looks like you are up, my Lord,” she said as the servant girl took her leave.

“Yes, my Queen,” Farlen said, “And I can see how big and full your bladder looks from here, surely it must be bursting!”

It was bursting, but Charlotte couldn’t give the boy the satisfaction of knowing that she was aching to empty it, “Pissing is not something that bothers me at the moment, my Lord” she lied. She was in control of her bladder, at least for now, and there was no need for the boy to know how much she had drunk and how it was all killing her.

Farlen was amazed that the Queen had the courage to lie to his face. Maybe Her Highness was tired of asking him for permission to piss and being turned down again and again. But he knew she would not be able to resist the urge to ask him for long. Hence he decided to wait patiently and was excited to find out how the things would go here forth.

Soon they left Boar Stall Tower and took the road to Tantallon. All the while as they rode, Queen Charlotte’s bladder ached with the incessant crashing of urine waves against its walls. Every second she spent away from the privy was one second closer to it exploding with piss. She tried to force this notion from her mind and reminded herself that her bladder would not be exploding ever, but the unbelievable pressure between her legs, which kept her thighs pressed tightly together at all times, seemed to disagree with her.

While inside her carriage, the Queen was struggling to suppress her need to take a massive piss, far behind in the column of their traveling party, on a horse-drawn cart, sat Nurse Gwendolynn and Elizabeth together. Nurse Gwendolynn had always been aware that her bladder was capacious, but had never really bothered about it until she was ten and was sent off to a nunnery because her father could not afford to buy her food. During her first year at the nunnery, Gwendolynn learned to hold her waters for long hours while she helped the nuns cook food or clean.

While many of the other girls could not hold themselves for long periods of time, Gwendolynn learned how to control her urge to urinate. With time, and with limited intake of water daily, she taught herself to use the chamber pot only twice a day, once after she woke up in the morning and the other before she got to the bed at night. It was a sort of rigorous training to help herself develop better control over her bladder and with time she found her vessel had grown larger and more capacious.

Though Gwendolynn spent many years at the nunnery spending her time reading the bible and helping the nuns with their chores, she never thought of becoming a nun herself. She thought of it as too holy and pious a position to uphold, while she saw herself as just a poor farmer’s daughter who found content in serving others. Though she was a nurse, she was a woman who many men admired. She was a tall lady with ginger hair and curves that any woman would die for.

All morning, Nurse Gwendolynn had been busy dressing Lord Farlen for the journey while also folding his clothes and bringing him his breakfast. She was so occupied that she totally forgot to take a piss before they left Boar Stall Tower. Usually, it would not have been a problem, but today the Nurse had drunk way too much water and two pots of tea to top it over. The need to take a piss had been tolerable at the beginning of the journey but only after an hour on the road, Gwendolynn was finding it difficult to sit still. She did want to use the privy already, and she had to press her thighs to try to make the urge go away. The cart was moving slowly behind the column and she knew it would be a while before they stopped to rest. It came as a surprise to her that she already wanted to go this much, but there wasn’t much she could do.

She tried to convince herself that drinking plenty of water was good for her health and that her bladder was large enough to hold it till they reached somewhere she could take a piss. She told herself that it was for such occasions that she had trained herself and she would just have to keep holding till she found someplace suitable for a wee.

On one hand, Nurse Gwedolynn was trying to act like nothing bothered her while her bladder continued to swell further and further, on the other hand keeping her composure was becoming increasingly difficult for the Queen. Charlotte’s bladder had kept her so occupied that she found it difficult to think of things beyond it. Its size was completely grotesque now. She rode in relative silence, looking out of the window of her carriage to take her mind off from her immense need to urinate as all the hot wee swirled around in her aching, ballooning organ and she tried to calm it down again.

Her bladder had no intention of becoming totally comfortable at the moment, but she was able to fight the urge down to a heavy sting so that she could at least continue the ride without much discomfort. The urge increased as time went on, and by the time they stopped to rest after a few hours, panic was climbing up her mind as the mighty Queen tried to compete with mother nature itself.

Her bladder was filled up incredibly and refused to be quiet, and her muscles were tiring from the constant strain needed to keep her urine in check. Her bladder’s massive size told her that it required immediate emptying, and her exhausted muscle was soon going to be unable to prevent the relief from occurring. But the Queen thought back to all her years of bladder training and tried desperately, to muster up some sort of resistance to the high-pressured explosion that was about to take place. She seemed within merely a few seconds of losing all of her pent-up load when suddenly her amazing self-control came to her rescue. Her bladder settled if only slightly, the urine calmed down and she was able to step out of the carriage. She slowly walked to a stand under the shade of an oak, holding her hands in front of her crotch.

Lord Farlen smiled evilly, “My Queen, you might really need to pee by now?”

Charlotte looked at him, I have to piss so badly, I can bring a dead tree back to life, you child! “No, not really, my dear,” she spoke, “I am fine.”

“Well, I was just thinking of letting you go after all” Farlen smirked, “But since you don’t want to go…”

“When?” she asked, trying her best to suppress her desperate need, but the strain in her voice told volumes of how badly she wanted to go, just how badly her bladder was bursting.

“Right now, behind the bushes…” said Farlen smiling widely at her.

Charlotte looked at him angrily, “You know I cannot do that. A proper lady is supposed to act decently at all times!”

“Well then tough luck, my Queen” Farlen said, “At at least I gave you a chance to take a piss.”

Thoughts of rushing to the bushes to take a huge piss raced through the Queen’s mind for a moment, the blissful feeling of unloading an aching bladder, but then she steeled herself, knowing full well that there would be men relieving themselves there as well, and if they found her doing what she was thinking of doing, then her dignity would be burned to ruins and her family name would be botched forever. Hence with great despair and agony, Queen Charlotte said, “I do not need to go, my Lord, I am fine.”

As the riders ahead slowed down, Nurse Gwendolynn breathed a sigh of relief. She had been waiting for this halt for hours now, oh how swollen her bladder had become. Her glee knew no bounds when her cart finally stopped and she was ready to make a run for the bushes when a squire came to her, “Nurse Gwen, Her Highness summons you, at once!”

“Yes, I’ll be there in a moment,” she said as she began to turn towards the trees but was stopped by the boy.

“She has asked you to be there at once, my lady,” he said.

Gwen felt angry, she wanted to take a piss before anything else but knew very well that any delay might anger Her Highness; hence she quietly followed the squire to where the Queen stood, under a tree, “Did you call for me, Your Highness?” Gwen asked.

“Yes, I want you to stay here, I cannot be the only woman standing under the tree while the men eat and water their horses,” she commanded.

At this Farlen giggled, “Well they are going to relieve themselves behind the bushes as well, Your Highness” he said, “Do you need to go behind the bushes too?”

Queen Charlotte felt the rage boiling inside her, “Silence child, you must not speak of such things” she scolded him but gently.

Gwen kept looking at the Queen's feet, not knowing how to react, but more than anything else, she wanted to ask the Queen for her leave so she could go take a piss as well but was too afraid of being denied, hence she stood with hands held near her crotch. Only if she could tell Her Highness just how much water she had before they left this morning, and how difficult it had become to keep holding while on the road. But Gwen stood silently, waiting for the Queen to let her go.

Charlotte stood under the tree feeling the massive rush of water streaming into her already copiously full bladder, she wondered what a mammoth piss it would be when she will finally let it out.

Farlen couldn’t believe that it was just last night that she was rushing to use the privy, maybe it was the effect of the havoc created inside her bladder by the weeing powder, but today it looked as if she had control over her urge, her calm face told that she was still confident of her bladder capacity, though he knew her demonically large vessel had taken the worst beating. She had not taken a single piss in the past eight days and underneath the confident façade, he knew she must be worrying.

When they were ready to leave, Nurse Gwendolynn decided to look for a safe spot where she could go and relieve herself but there were men everywhere and she could not risk being found naked, also there wasn’t enough time as they had already started to move, hence with great pain, she decided to put off her need further, hoping they would reach Tantallon soon.

As they rode, Charlotte discreetly held her jumbo swollen bladder as the carriage creaked on the dusty road. A few hours went by and Farlen could see Her Highness fidgeting in her seat. He had seen the Queen drink so much water all through the way, and the little Lord knew Her Highness must be getting desperate to pee, “My Queen, I suggest we play a small game” he smirked evilly, “If you win, you get to pee but if you lose, you’ll have to hold it.”

“Now there will be no more games, Lord Farlen” the Queen stated, “I’ll pee the first thing when we get to Tantallon.” Finally, the truth was out. Her words gave Farlen an idea of how serious the situation had become. The royal tank was now full. Farlen’s heart raced at her admission and he secretly wished she wet herself before they reached their destination.

Back in her cart, Nurse Gwen was crossing her legs more tightly now. Since they got back on the road, her need to pee had increased rapidly, far more than she had expected, and she was now really desperate, legs twisted tightly together and she was beginning to squirm about to try to find a more comfortable position. Even if she didn’t get any worse, it was going to be a real struggle to hold on for much longer, and if she got any worse at all, then leg crossing might not be enough.

She closed her eyes and squeezed her bladder shut, trying to suppress the ache in her bladder. She tried to convince herself that her bladder was playing her up, and it was not actually full, but she only had to feel her abdomen to know this was not true. There was a pronounced swelling to her normally flat stomach, and it really hurt when the cart went over rocks and potholes. Her bladder was burstingly full, worse than when she usually held for a whole day, and she began to realize that she could be in real trouble. They had been on the road all day and she was frantic to pee, having to really fight to hold it back. She had never imagined that she would fill up so much, and suddenly wetting herself in front of Elizabeth and all the men riding along, became a frighteningly real possibility.

She closed her eyes and tried to close her bladder tightly shut, and succeeded in regaining enough control of her bladder to be able to sit normally and pretend to Elizabeth as if she was enjoying the view of the countryside. By this point, her stomach felt full and painful, and she had to cross her legs. Soon she was shaking with desperation, and her painful moans told Elizabeth that something was wrong, “Nurse Gwen, are you alright?”

“Y-Yes, my child” she lied with a false smile, placing a hand on her aching bladder. But Gwen knew she couldn’t be further from alright, she was already shivering with desperation and she did not know how much longer she could endure this.

She thought that she could have had time to have a wee if the Queen had not stopped her from going. But this would not help her now. She undid the knot on her cincture and removed it to take some pressure off her extremely swollen bladder. Elizabeth noticed this and asked, “Is everything alright, my lady?”

“Y..Yes.. sweet child.. it was just making me uncomfortable, so I took it off, that’s all” Gwendolynn said in a pained voice. She was breathing deeply. She hoped they stopped somewhere she could piss before it was too late. It felt like everything had been against her today. She started to blame herself - if only she'd been a little selfish and taken a piss first before going to the Queen! If only Her Highness had not stopped her from relieving herself! She didn't care about anything else right now - all that she wanted was to not have to piss so badly!

She was fighting a losing battle in her mind, submerged in the thoughts of desperately needing a wee, when Elizabeth suddenly spoke up, “My lady, why don’t we sing a song to pass the time? Shall we start with ‘The Lord’s Mercy’?”

Gwen’s heart started to beat faster when she heard this, she was so desperate she wasn’t even able to think straight, “I-I.. I really think you should sing, dear” Gwedolynn said, holding her bladder as her piss wobbled inside it beating the walls of her very aching organ.

“Oh, but you told me this was your favorite song, isn’t it?” the girl asked.

“Y-Yes..it is..” the Nurse said, “But I really can’t sing right now, my sweet child,” she said giving her crotch a quick but gentle squeeze, her voice shaking with acute desperation. She could not care less about the song right now - she urgently needed to get somewhere and empty her bladder.

To her respite, the dirt road soon came to an end and they came to a stone-paved and metaled road that came straight from the gates of Boḫārā. The city was still a few miles away but Gwendolynn found her breathing ease a bit, she thought "Well, at least there won't be any pain from the potholes!".

They were now in the most beautiful and the most populous land of the Twelve Kingdoms, the Land of Greens, the domain of House Gardener, the Lords of Tantallon. These lands were a vast expanse of fields and farms, lakes and rivers, hills and woods and fragrant meadows, mills and mines, dotted with ancient castles, small villages and thriving market towns. It was in these green fields that chivalry was born; the gallant knights and fair maids of the Land of Greens were celebrated throughout the Twelve Kingdoms by the singers, whose own traditions first took root here as well.

Once and always a great realm, these lands had been many things to its people: the most populous, fertile, and powerful domain in the twelve kingdoms, its wealth was second to none and these lands had always been a seat of learning; a center of music, culture, and all the arts, from witchcraft to wizardry. It was the breadbasket of all the kingdoms; a center of trade; a home to wise and noble lords, dread sorcerers, and the most beautiful women in the entire realm. Built on the banks of the river Leadon was the ancient city Boḫārā, known as the City of Merchants. Three hills crowned the city from within. And on the tallest one was built Tantallon, rightly hailed as the most beautiful castle in the kingdoms. The Leadon itself, which flowed outside the eastern walls of the city, was the longest and broadest river in the Twelve Kingdoms.

Gwendolynn was filled with joy and relief to see the massive walls of the city on the horizon. Oh, she could not wait to get to the castle and take a piss. But then suddenly, it happened. A sudden jolt on the wheel of the cart sent waves of agony ripping through her bladder. The pressure on her crotch disappeared and the sudden movement made her pee hole open for a moment to leak a squirt of pee into her smallclothe. She regained control and squirmed in her seat. She was beyond desperate. She hadn't been to the privy for hours now and was absolutely bursting for a wee. Her bladder was screaming at her for relief. She closed her eyes and brought her face up, as if praying to the almighty to grant her strength so she could endure the short ride left from here to the castle. “Aaaahh!” a pained groan escaped her throat as she held her bladder.

Elizabeth began to worry, “Is everything alright, my lady?” she held Gwen’s shoulder. The Nurse’s expression and voice made her look like a pregnant lady who was just moments away from giving birth. But the words that came out of her mouth startled Elizabeth, “I..I.. I am dying for a piss, child,” Nurse Gwen grimaced slightly, her eyes still closed as she fought to hold back her piss for a few minutes more.

As they moved forward, Farlen’s mouth gaped wide as he realized it was all like he had heard about in the stories, looking out of the window in astonishment at the huge walls of the city. Even from this distance, the fabled wall was as formidable as he had thought it would be. He then turned his head and noticed that Charlotte was sitting much stiffer than before. A vein was popping on her forehead by when the carriage rode past the last outpost. She had been containing a raging tempest of piss inside her bladder that threatened to cause a mass explosion at any moment. Yet all that pressure, frustration and liquid was sealed inside the walls of the Queen’s mighty vessel, safely.

“Oh, I can’t wait to get to that damned castle” Charlotte sighed in pain, “I need a piss as long as the river Dames!” Farlen knew there was no stopping her now, Charlotte absolutely was going to the privy when they reached the castle.

Men stood on the walls of the city beating gongs to herald the coming of the royal guests, while others blew curious horns that encircled their bodies like great bronze snakes. A column of knights emerged from the city as her honor guards who were dressed in full plate armors, while their horses were dressed in blankets of a hundred different hues.

The massive wooden gate opened as the royal party approached, and the guardsmen sprang into action, shouting commands and moving the carts and foot traffic aside to let the column pass. As the entourage passed beneath the gate into the stink of the city, everyone tired from the long exhausting journey, Gwendolynn saw eyes everywhere, people gathering to see the new guests in the city. Against the wall of the baked brick houses, farmers stood beside their wagons, bellowing out, “Apples, the best apples,” and “Melons, sweet as honey, pears, quinces, peaches, strawberries, raspberries, red currants and dates” and “Turnips, onions, roots, here you go here, here you go, turnips, onions, roots, here you go here.”

She was pressing harder and harder against her crotch as she wanted to pee more and more desperately, determined that somehow she was going to make herself wait till they reached the castle which she could see over the other buildings, high on the hill far away. She was telling herself that she just had to hold her piss, that women like her didn’t wet their small clothes in public, and not in a cart with so many strangers watching, and it was only a matter of will-power and strength, and she could wait. Fighting to hold back her piss, she was hardly bothered whether Elizabeth or anyone else could see what she was doing or not, the only thing that mattered to her was not peeing in her smallclothe.

“Are you going to make it?” Elizabeth asked. But Gwen did not answer, she did not have the reserves of strength left to utter even a single word. She saw all the people who lined the streets and who were watching from their balconies to get a glimpse of the King and Queen. She could feel herself losing control, somewhere inside her something was giving up the struggle, the pressure was just too great to bear any more, and however hard she pressed her bunched fingers into her crotch, she was afraid that she was finally losing the battle. Suddenly she was wracked by a spasm of desperation that she simply could not control. She leaned forward, as she tried to press her fingers even harder into her crotch, telling herself that she could not give up, but something inside her was demanding she pee with such an intensity that she felt her bladder give way and let go off a spurt of pee.

Almost out of her mind with desperation, Nurse Gwen tried telling herself that she could not wet herself in public, that she simply had to hold it, and next time she let go like that she had to ignore the pain and simply force herself to keep the piss inside her, but the reality was that she simply could not control her bladder anymore. The hard swollen bulge that was stretching the front of her dress was proof enough that she was full to the absolute limit, and her bladder could not hold any more piss.

She was still squeezing her crotch with one hand, determined not to give up without a fight, but the surges of desperation were too much to control. Her stomach hurt so much, and she wanted to pee so desperately that she didn’t want to suffer another second. Her body was begging her to give up the fight, to just let all that pent up liquid come pouring out, and to be comfortable again. But she kept telling herself again and again that they were just a few minutes away from the castle, and once they reached there, she would make a mad dash to the first privy they had. But it took the most supreme effort of will power for her to force herself to continue to try to hold on, to try and preserve some shred dignity and maybe hide that she was losing control in her smallclothe.

Though Gwendolynn wanted to hold it at all costs until she made it to the castle, she was certain there was no way she would be able to do it. The castle of Tantallon was in sight, her salvation only a few more minutes away if the crowded streets quickly gave way to their column, but Nurse Gwendolynn realized it was simply too much risk. She was absolutely bursting and leaking already, she knew she was going to lose it any moment from now on. She realized that she had no other option, she had to urgently relieve herself and now, before her tortured overfull bladder emptied itself. And then she let out another spurt into her already soaked smallclothe, “Stop! Stop! Stop!” she patted the cartman’s shoulder as she lifted her butt from the seat.

“My Lady…” Elizabeth sighed as the cart came to a halt, but before she could say anything, Gwendolynn was off the cart and she started to walk as quickly as she could, whilst maintaining pressure on her crotch. She walked down the street when she felt an involuntary contraction and another squirt of wee escaped into her clothes. She realized that her bladder must have reached its absolute physical capacity and was slowly leaking as more was added. Her smallclothe was already soaked.

Frantically, she tried to look for a place to piss, but it was all a crowded market place, full of people. She walked as fast as she could to find somewhere she could have a little privacy, but after two paces, the motion hurt her swollen bladder too much, and she was forced to walk, one hand jammed between her legs, biting her lip, with short, stiff-legged steps. Standing up, legs uncrossed, trying to walk as fast as she could, the urge to pee was far worse than sitting in the cart, and quite uncontrollable.

“Oh goodness!”

Trickles of piss running down her legs as she walked, leaking past her fingers, soaking the front of her dress where it was pressed into her crutch, Gwendolynn was hopelessly out of control, she simply could not stop urinating. Maybe she had made a mistake stepping out of the cart. Maybe if she had kept sitting, she would have made it to the castle but it was too late to think of it now. She was panicking. But finally, to her immense respite, she found an alleyway in between the street shops. The modicum of privacy she was in dire need of. She tried to run, or at least walk faster, anything to get to the relief and privacy of the alley, though she was beyond being able to take notice of whether anyone was noticing her plight.

When she finally made it to the alley, she walked a few steps further in to get as far away from the street as she could, though she could not go very far as her swollen bladder threatened to explode then and there. Though she could see men talking, women at the hawkers and children running on the street, Nurse Gwendolynn was beyond caring anymore. Quickly leaning on her left to the wall and pulling the back of her dress up around her waist, she bent down a little on her knees to form a squatting pose but with her butt still high above the ground, before she quickly reached her right hand over her arse and pulled her drenched smallclothe aside, away from her crotch, and then at that very moment without her permission the floodgates opened.

There was a hissing sound as a fine stream started before she suddenly started to let loose a torrent equal to a full bore horsepiss. “Aaaahhhh!” she moaned in relief as she closed her eyes and threw her head back, her heart pounding and her head pulsing in respite. She had been in such panic and worry. It had been a very close thing. She had always been a forceful pisser, but had never gone with that much pressure before, and never had she gone on for so long, a never-ending stream.

Finally, after all these hours, her pained bladder was releasing. Gwen looked near her feet and saw her warm urine running down the alley towards the street. Though she could not see her stream, she could feel it rushing out of her and she was amazed she held this much for so long. She sighed deeply from the relief. She was quite used to holding for a long time, but this really burst her bladder. She was now standing over a vast-forming puddle. Her legs were shaking with the huge relief that was surging through her body. Her deep blue eyes closed shut with relief as her beautiful lips moaned in absolute relief.

And she continued to urinate profusely. The gushing stream, complete with hiss, continued. She was worried the hissing from the escaping pee would be audible to anybody on the street. It was huge piss and it was taking her forever to empty her bladder. Her poor bladder, which had held on for so long, was still very full and emptying forcefully. She was astounded at the amount of time she'd been weeing for; her knees were getting stiff from being in the slightly bent position for so long! At the same time, she was glad she'd made the decision to give up and find a place to pee when she did. If she'd have tried to stay the course and reach the castle, she'd probably have ended up having an embarrassing accident - and a major one at that.

Poor Gwen kept peeing, the thunderous sound of her urine splashing on the cold stone alley. It was a piss like no other, she just kept going and going and going, and luckily for her, no one on the street had noticed her yet but she knew it won’t be long before someone did. Here she was weeing uncontrollably in a dark alley just a few feet away from a busy street and people of Boḫārā had been kind enough or ignorant enough not to notice her yet. But at least her front was covered for the passersby. Her shoulders drooped in relief as she kept peeing continuously. She looked on as her urine started to pool on the street right outside the alley and a few unaware people stepped on it, it was embarrassing but she had no other choice.

She was still feeling the copious stream of urine rushing out of her when suddenly a really handsome man turned into the alley. Nurse Gwendolynn bowed her head down in shame and continued to do what she was doing as he walked past her, at first he was confused to find a woman in the alley. But his eyes widened in shock when he crossed her and saw the size of the puddle and the thick stream that was gushing out of her so ferociously. She must have been holding really long to be so desperate, the man thought before he fastened his steps and walked off as quickly as he could. This was the most embarrassing day of Nurse Gwen's life.

After a very long time, the gushing stream died down and a steady flow replaced it. It went on for a while before the flow gave way to a series of ongoing squirts as her bladder finally emptied itself. It still ached intensely, from the extreme pressure which it had endured. Squirt after squirt continued as her bladder emptied the final remaining contents onto the floor, to add to the considerable puddle that was slowly moving down towards the busy street.

After a couple of minutes, Nurse Gwendolynn was sure she'd finished. She took a deep breath and took in the blissful feeling of an empty bladder as she gingerly adjusted her smallclothe back to its place and pulled down the back of her dress so it covered her legs. She had been on the verge of a massive uncontrollable accident - in fact, she'd started having one. She didn’t think she had ever peed so long before. She felt an unpleasant coldness where the wet patch of her undergarment touched her crotch. She was in a mess. Her smallclothe was soaked, the front of her dress was wet where she had been holding her crutch, her legs were wet all down the inside, and even her shoes were wet. She stepped carefully away from the puddle on the ground and looked in astonishment at how much she'd been holding in. She didn't believe she could keep so much in.

Finally, with a deep sigh of relief, Gwen held her hands in front of her crotch to hide the wet patch she had made on her dress when she lost control before she walked out of the alley. When she came out on the streets, back to the colorful and noisy city, she saw her cart still waiting for her a few shops away, she saw Elizabeth waving at her. She walked towards it with shaking steps, partially because she was gripped with the embarrassment of what she had just done and that a total stranger had seen her doing it and also because of the immense relief she was feeling right now. She noticed how it was much easier to walk now her bladder was empty! Gwendolynn climbed onto the cart and finally sighed with pursed lips, before she whispered, “That was really close” to Elizabeth as the cart started moving.

When the royal entourage reached the castle courtyard, the two young daughters of Lord Thames saw them first and raced across the lawns to greet them, followed more sedately by their mother Julia, a pleasant looking woman. Lord Gardener himself came out of the castle doors a moment later, followed by three of his household guards. He was punctilious in matters of behavior for himself as well as others, and he greeted the King and Queen Mother and their travel companions with grave courtesy.

Lord Thames personally walked Queen Charlotte and Lord Farlen to their chambers. He walked ever so slowly while having an arm around hers. For a moment she thought of asking his leave to rush ahead of him to use the privy but Charlotte knew that would be disgraceful. She tried her hardest to maintain her calm and walked till the door of her chambers, “We’d be waiting for you to join us for the feast, my Queen” Lord Thames said in his heavy earthen voice, “And you too Lord Farlen.”

“It would be a pleasure for us to join you, my Lord” Her Highness said and with that Lord Thames bowed with a smile, turned around and left.

The Queen pressed her thighs tightly together and stormed inside the room making a dash towards the privy. Farlen was ready to hear the massive outpouring of urine once the Queen got inside. Charlotte walked quickly towards the privy door, as Farlen watched her, his heart pounded with excitement as he witnessed the final throes of the Queen’s desperation. She raced, ready to feel the salvation of a big piss but unfortunately for her, when she tried to push the privy door open, it refused to budge. She groaned in desperation and agony as she tried tugging on the handle once more but to no gain, the large oak wood door did not move.

“Why wouldn’t it open?” she complained, trying the push the door a few more times, only to realize that maybe it was jammed. Farlen found a smile running through his face. So close to relief and yet the poor Queen couldn’t have it.

“Oh child, I am dying for a piss here!” she bent forward a bit trying to gain some control over her teemed bladder, one hand still on the handle of the door while the other holding her thigh.

Farlen had never seen Queen Charlotte this desperate before. He knew he had to do something or else Her Highness would lose this battle, “My Queen, I don’t think it would be a problem for you if you didn’t get to pee. Don’t you remember, you told me your bladder was cast iron and the royal tank never breaks?”

“Oooohhh! B-But…!” she wailed.

“You cannot be weak, Your Highness,” the boy said, “A Queen does not need to piss!”

“Y-yes..!” she mumbled, “You are right! I don’t need to piss! I am the Queen and I can hold it as long as I wish to!”

“Yes!” he beamed with joy as he saw the Queen straighten herself.

“I will not give in to the urge to piss no matter how much my bladder aches, it will stay tight shut,” she said in a firm voice, her stern face speaking volumes of how hard she was trying not to burst in her smallclothes. After Lord Farlen went to the corner to use the chamber pot, much to Queen Charlotte’s frustration and annoyance, they both took chances quickly changing their clothes in the dressing room before Lord Thames came to escort them to the great hall. Her Highness thought of telling Lord Thames of the problem of the jammed privy door but then decided against it, as she thought it would be shameful to tell anyone about her need to relieve herself.

A pair of double doors welcomed them into the Great Hall. Charlotte had heard many a time of the strange and splendid hall of Tantallon but had never seen it for herself before. The stone walls were lit with flaming torches, the ceiling was too high to make out. The hall was lit by thousands and thousands of candles placed on the walls and stands and over four long tables, where the lords, ladies and knights sat feasting. These tables were laid with glittering golden plates and goblets. At the top of the hall was another long table where sat the Gardeners, Lady Julia, her daughters Katherine and Isabelle and her son Willas. King Iwan too sat at the center of the table and Charlotte and Lord Thames joined them along with Farlen.

Little Farlen had never seen such food before; course after course after course, so much that he could not manage more than a bite or two of each dish. There were great joints of deers roasted with leeks, venison pies chunky with carrots, bacon, and mushrooms, mutton chops sauced in honey and cloves, honey-mustard eggs, savory duck, peppered boar, goose, skewers of pigeon and capon, beef-and-barley stew, cold fruit soup, pork pot pies, stuffed with pork, bacon, and layered between pastry dough, seasoned with salt, pepper, sage, and other rich spices.

Lord Wilbert had brought twenty casks of fish from Warbrooke packed in salt and seaweed; whitefish and winkles, crabs and mussels, clams, herring, cod, salmon, lobsters and lampreys. There was black bread and honeycakes and oaten biscuits; there were turnips and peas and beets, beans and squash and huge red onions; there were baked æppels and berry tarts and pears poached in strongwine. Wheels of white cheese were set at every table, and flagons of hot spice wine and chilled autumn ale were passed up and down the tables.

Queen Charlotte did not care that her bladder was absolutely filled with gallons worth of piss, all she knew was that she was at a feast and she had to look calm and composed and drink enough to a be a respectful amount for the Queen. She gulped pint after pint of cold beer one after the other and her bladder did more swelling than she thought possible. Beer cannot break iron, she told herself.

King Iwan and his would-be wife, Lady Katherine sat next to each other at the high table. Katherine couldn’t take her eyes off the charming King and neither could he stop looking at her.

“Why don’t you join me in my chambers for some wine and a game of Conjurer’s chess, my King?” Lady Katherine asked, whispering to make sure no one heard them. Though she doubted anyone could hear them over the sounds of cutlery and drunken men singing and hollering.

“Oh, b-but..” the boy was mesmerized with the beauty she was, “..d-don’t you think it’ll be too late? Shouldn’t we wait for the morrow?”

“My father has planned to send us on a hunt tomorrow, and I suppose we won’t be having enough alone time then” she reasoned.

“I see” Iwan noted.

“You don’t need to think too much, my King” she said and he smiled at her.

“Mother, will you excuse us for a moment, I and Lady Katherine are going to the balcony to get some fresh air” Iwan said as he stood up.

“S-Sure” Charlotte answered, battling the ache in her very swollen bladder, “…but make sure you’ve eaten well before that.”

Iwan nodded and soon found himself walking side by side with Lady Katherine through the cold corridors of the castle towards her chambers. He got in to find it was stifling hot inside. Iwan saw there was a blazing fire in the grate. Lying close to the bed was a large rug made from the skin of a beastly looking saber-toothed tiger. He found books lying on the table: Dragon Species of Yanwath and Thornbury; From Egg to Inferno, A Dragon Keeper's Guide. Lady Katherine’s quarters surely had a lot to explore.

“So, my King, how do you like Tantallon?” she asked, taking out her wooden chess box from the exquisitely crafted wardrobe.

“It is indeed the most beautiful castle I’ve ever seen, my lady” he said with a smile, “Though I must say, I have found something even more beautiful here.”

Her cheeks flushed red and she sat down quickly, opening the wooden box over the table. He smiled. They started with a game of Conjurer’s chess. This was exactly like playing with the wooden chess pieces except that the figures were alive, which made it a lot like directing troops in battle. Katherine's set was very old and battered. Like everything else in her room, it had once belonged to someone else in her family -- in this case, her grandfather, Lord Louis Gardener, the fourth of his name. However, old chessmen weren't a disadvantage at all. Katherine knew them so well that they obeyed her commands without any questions.

Iwan’s chessmen didn't trust him at all. He wasn't a very good player to begin with and they kept shouting different bits of advice at him, which was confusing. "Don't send me there, can't you see her knight? Send him, we can afford to lose him." It was not very long before Iwan found all his pieces taken out, Lady Katherine was very good at this but he didn’t regret losing to this beautiful girl one bit.

"Well, that was something," Iwan muttered.

“Don’t be sad that you lost, my King” Katherine spoke haughtily, “I’ve been practicing since I was eight.”

“No, I am not sad at all, my lady” Iwan said, "…but, can we have a window open? I'm boiling."

"Can't, Your Highness, sorry," said Katherine. Iwan noticed her glance at the fire. He looked at it, too.

"My Lady -- what's that?" But he already knew what it was. In the very heart of the fire, was a huge, black egg. How hadn’t he noticed it before?

"Ah," said Katherine, fiddling nervously with the chess piece in her hand, "That's er..."

"Where did you get that, my lady?" said Iwan, crouching over the fire to get a closer look at the egg. "It must've cost you a fortune."

"Well, gold has never been short for us Gardeners," said Katherine in a shaky and anxious voice. "The person who sold it to me was quite glad to get rid of it, to be honest. But I am happy, I always wanted a dragon since I was a little girl,” said Katherine.

"But it's against the laws of the realm," said Iwan. "Dragon breeding was outlawed by the Warlocks' Council centuries ago, everyone knows that. They are dangerous creatures and have been known to cause serious burns to people around them and in worse cases eat men alive, you can't tame dragons, it's dangerous.”

“I know, but I’ve always wanted to know what it would be like to own one, to sit upon one as it soared the skies,” Katherine said with a glint in her eyes.

"But I suppose there aren't any wild dragons in the kingdoms?" asked Iwan.

"Of course there are," said Katherine. "Common Barmoor Green and Bolsoverian Blacks, but they are very-very rare and most of them die even before they are a few months old. The people have preserved the unhatched eggs for hundreds of years now, but it takes great skill and patience to hatch one.”

"But what are you going to do with it when it's hatched?" asked the young King.

“Well, I've been doing some reading”, said Katherine, “Keep the egg in the fire, because their mothers breathe on them, see, and when it hatches, feed it on a bucket of spirit mixed with chicken blood every half hour. And how to recognize different eggs -- what I got there's a Beestonian Ridgeback. They died out a hundred years before the others so their eggs are the hardest to find."

She came up next to him and stoked the fire for a minute before she groaned and made a painful face, “Oh, my sweet King, spare me for a moment, I am dying for a piss here, you don’t mind if I visit the privy, do you?”

Iwan was shocked and felt his groin tighten, his ears hot and cheeks blushing with arousal, it was the most exciting for him to know that this beautiful girl had to pee really badly and the way she admitted about it so openly, Iwan had always liked hearing about women desperate for a pee, it was a dream come true for him, “W-we’ll of course you may, my lady.”

“I-I am really sorry, Your Highness” Katherine bobbed on her knees, “But this is a matter that cannot wait any longer, I haven’t been since morning,” she said as she turned around and made her way towards the privy door. Iwan kept looking at her as she went in. As Iwan stood wondering what was happening inside, feeling the tightness in his breeches grow, there came a knock on the chamber door.

“Open this thing up you tavern slut!” It was a feminine voice but a scary one nonetheless. Iwan though startled and confused, went up to open the door and found Lady Isabelle standing outside with her hands placed on her hips. Katherine’s sister was as beautiful as her if not more and Iwan was confused who he liked better.

“Oh, my apologies, Your Highness” she started, “I didn’t hope to find you here, do you know where my sister is?”

“Oh, er- she is using the privy” Iwan blushed. They could hear the faint sound of a gusher of piss running into the privy hole and Iwan imagined the relief flowing through the girl’s body. A few minutes later, Katherine stepped out of the privy after reliving her bladder of a pee she had been longing to take since morning.

“So! You lost!” Isabelle walked past the King towards her sister, Katherine was shocked to find Isabelle in her chambers, “You finally peed, I guess you couldn’t hold it back anymore! That proves I can hold it longer than you! I haven’t been since morning either and I drank way more than you did!” she said proudly.

“Well I don’t think that to be true, even you know that I usually drink more than you, I even had a few cups of wine during the feast” Katherine shot back, “My bladder had been filling since morning, I am sure yours is nowhere as full as mine had been.”

“Well, you are certainly mistaken on that and I am going to prove it to you” Isabelle glared angrily at her sister before she walked towards the privy herself, she stepped in but purposely forgot to shut the door. All of a sudden a loud hissing noise began to come from behind the door, as Lady Isabelle was undoubtedly experiencing an amazingly relieving piss. Iwan could feel his breeches getting tighter and tighter. His face also turned beet red as he noticed Lady Katherine looking at him. Isabelle’s torrent continued unabated while they both stood there, listening to the roaring pee that was going on inside. The clattering sound of piss pouring into the side of the privy hole coming mere feet from them was too loud to be ignored. After what seemed like an age to Iwan but was probably a good five minutes, the sound finally trickled to a halt and the beautiful lady Isabelle came out of the privy.

King Iwan’s hands and legs were shaking with pure excitement as Isabelle came to stand before her sister with a proud look on her face but Katherine looked unimpressed, “Huh, you call that a piss? I could piss like that with my bladder only half full.”

“Aye, right, your tinkles are smallest in the Twelve Kingdoms and you don’t deserve to call yourself a Lady” Isabelle shot back.

“We’ll see about that on the morrow” Katherine answered.

“We will” Isabelle repeated before she began to leave, “Good night, Your Highness,” she said, before stepping out and closing the door behind her with a huge thud.

“What a bitch” Katherine sounded her annoyance but was quick to realize her mistake, “Oh, my apologies Your Highness, I totally forgot you were still here, I shouldn’t be using such profanities in the presence of the royalty.”

“Well, umm that’s alright,” Iwan said, he had never heard anyone pee so loudly before and he felt like his head was about to explode. These two sisters undoubtedly had large bladders and they didn’t mind flaunting their holding prowess. Iwan was sure he was going to enjoy this.

*081*2019-03-21 19:47

{{2 minutes ago, Biku said:

Queen still dying out there

}}

Haha! I am sure you haven't read it yet.

*083*2019-03-21 19:55

{{4 minutes ago, Biku said:

Oh I have, and I appreciate the close calls a lot

}}

Well, that was some really fast reading then! And yeah, this chapter was written totally differently but had to change it to incorporate the close call scenario, that's why it took so long to post it. Thanks for taking the time to read.

