Strawberry Milk Omorashi

Author: おしっこ我慢

*000*2010-11-06 06:16

'Alright everyone, the world summit meeting is officially in session!' Germany announced over the arguing group.

'Everyone pay attention to the hero- me! Look!' shouted America.

The Axis/Allies looked up.

Sitting at the giant table was: Germany, Italy, Japan, China, America, England, Russia and France.

No one appeared to be getting along very well.

England argued with America and France loudly.

Italy's mind drifted to pasta. Germany looked exasperated.

Russia sat back, enjoying the chaos.

Japan sighed irritably.

'Everyone, listen!' America yelled.

'China has an important announcement to make – the reason why we are here together today.'

China, who was sitting straight backed in his chair, stood to his feet angrily.

'E-everyone…we have a problem on our hands. A huge one.'

The summits eyes were on him.

He reached into his Shinatty bag, and pulled out an object with great flourish.

'STRAWBERRY MILK ARU YO!'

The thud of several annoyed heads hitting the desk sounded across the room.

'I call for the banning of strawberry milk every where! Its bad! Its terrible! I have banned it in my own country, and I warn you- ban it in yours, everyone! Its disgusting! Its cruel! Don't ever ever drink it aru yo!'

America choked on his hamburger. Germany pounded him on the back.

'Strawberry milk, bad?! What?! This cant be!!'

'It is so, my friend.'

England snorted.

'What? Are you serious. Really. Strawberry milk.' He rolled his eyes.

'This is an extremely important matter!' China cried, blushing.

'Please…ruin will fall upon you all! Its evil! Its conniving!'

Muttering spread throughout the men.

'OK CHINA! WHAT IS SO BAD ABOUT STRAWBERRY MILK!?' Germany demanded.

China looked almost frightened, his face went white. But not from Germany's wrath.

'I…I daren't whisper it aru…'

Silence went throughout the room, broken only by Italy's soft snoring.

A chair scraped across the floor as its owner stood.

It was Russia.

'I do not fear strawberry milk.' He said smiling.

'If Yao believes strawberry milk is so bad, I will not sell it in my country either.' Said Japan quietly.

'Nor I.' said France. 'I don't need strawberry milk to make the best cuisine in the world.' He said, smirking.

'Thankyou!' China said.

'Aaah.' A contented sigh carried across the room, traced back to England. He pushed the empty bottle of strawberry milk away from him and wiped off his pink milk moustache.

'That was good.' He met the eyes of everyone in the room, especially wide-eyed China.

'AIYAAA!!' he yelled.

'Ah-you-you drunk it!' he looked about to faint.

'Look at me! I am fine.' England said.

'I do not think that was such a good idea.' said Japan.

'It is clear that England is fine!' said America, grinning.

'Perhaps it was my very presence that stopped the evil of the strawberry milk from consuming dear England.' He announced pompously.

'Has any one got anything else to contribute to this meeting? Something useful?' England added.

China glared at him angrily.

'Well don't tell me I didn't warn you.' He said, and sat down in his seat with a huff. He pulled his bag into his lap and snuggled it.

England glared at him back.

'Well, I wanted to discuss trade between my country and yours.' Japan said.

'Thanks to China having lent me some of his men I now have enough production to start trading. I am currently having a sale on a new gaming---'

England tuned out from Japans no doubt riveting announcement.

Something had just become apparent to him.

He had to use the bathroom. Really. Badly. He tapped his foot under the desk.

'Uwah!' something cried out.

'Uwah?' he looked under and saw that he had stepped on Italy.

Italy climbed back up into his seat beside England and rubbed his eyes.

'Russia, stand and give me your answer for trade.'

Slowly the tall man stood.

'' My country has no need for gaming.' Said Russia.

'In that case I may present to you my new class of submarines---'

England squeezed his thighs together, a blush of discomfort on his face.

He looked up shakily and saw China staring right at him.

Englands mouth fell open slightly. China knew.

The strawberry milk…It must have….

A small smile appeared on Chinas face, but it was not a comforting one.

England glared back, and as soon as China turned away, he bit his lip, shifting in his seat.

Italy was asleep again.

Japan on the other side of him was talking.

The pressure that had grown so quickly inside his bladder was debilitating.

Of course it was forbidden to go to the bathroom while in a summit meeting.

No one was allowed to leave while it was in session.

He rocked back and forth in his seat, so tempted to grab himself.

'England, are you feeling okay?'

The words shot through him like ice. Japan was staring down at him.

He blushed tomato red.

'What on earth are you talking about?' he snapped back.

'Excuse me.' Japan returned to discussing his trade.

He bowed his head, embarrassed, his hand twitching, needing to get to his length and suppress the growing urge.

His legs crossed under the table.

'Just….how long can I endure this?' was a dangerous thought that entered his mind, and once having thought it, he began to panic.

'England, stand and give me your answer for trade.'

'Huh?'

Japan looked shy.

'Your..answer for trade…between our countries.'

'Aah…' he stood shakily to his feet.

All eyes were on him.

'I…' he shifted.

'Uh….Trade is fine. Go ahead! Trade as much as you want.'

He flung himself back into his seat.

Japan bit his lip.

'England…'

England returned him a smoldering gaze.

'Uh..uh Thankyou everyone. I will get in touch to discuss the trade details with you individually at a later date.'

He sat down quickly.

Englands fingers groped at the cloth of his thighs, his breathing heavier as he felt himself losing against the strain.

China stared at him, a smirk twitching at the corners of his mouth.

'England, are you sure you're feeling okay?' asked America, care showing on his face.

'Aah, yes…I'm fine.' He replied back, suddenly a lot more embarrassed.

An awkward moment passed between them.

'OK did we have anything ELSE to discuss?' asked Germany sternly.

'Global Warming!' cried America, back to his normal self.

'My plans to build a giant hero are so far not advancing.' He said. 'I need the other countries help so we can-'

Argument broke out.

England closed his eyes and tried to think of nothing but holding the floodgates back.

Moaning softly his fingers made their way to his crotch and squeezed tightly. He hid this under the fold of his jacket, so it wasn't completely obvious.

He shifted around continuously in his seat, unable to conceal his agony any longer.

'Oh god…' he whispered in a strained voice as he felt some urine escape.

'England…' said Japan quietly.

He looked up.

The Asian could see what the problem was. Japan had enough experience in that area. England knew that, he had the misfortune of seeing Japan lose control one fateful day.

'You have to use a bathroom…'

Englands cheeks flamed and he looked down.

His crotch felt wet and he didn't know if he could last much longer.

Tears were gathering in his eyes.

'Arthur…'

At the mention of his name, he looked up again.

'Its alright. You cant help.'

China looked over and saw England and Japan talking together like they shared something. Anger flashed in his eyes.

'Stay away from my Kiku…' he whispered to himself.

The argument had now grown louder.

'I REFUSE TO BUILD A HERO TO COMBAT GLOBAL WARMING!' Yelled France.

'But you must! -Mmrmr munch munch- It's the only way to survive!' cried America through mouthfuls of cheeseburger.

'There must be other ways!' yelled Germany.

England pulled at his crotch desperately.

'Ahnnn-' he groaned as he felt another spurt of warmth.

'Oh fuck!' The words slipped out of his mouth before he could stop them.

The summit were all looking at him.

He glared back angrily.

Americas alien popped up beside him.

'Fucking limey! Fucking limey!' it cried, then disappeared.

China was growing impatient. Japan kept looking at England strangely. China was jealous.

They went back to arguing.

'Why cant we just try and reduce production of greenhouse gases?' asked France.

Russia smiled. Still enjoying the chaos. Maybe a fight would break out. (Kolkolkol)

England was losing the battle.

'O-oh-' he cried, groaning. A small puddle had formed beneath his crotch.

'England!' Japan cried in shock.

'Don't watch!' he said, straining.

Grinding his thighs together no longer helped.

Italy had woken up again. England had his head on the desk, his hand on his crotch, legs crossed, jiggling back and forth. This was the only position that could allow him to hold it any longer.

Tears were threatening to run now, he was under so much pressure.

'J-Japan…Does England…'

A curt nod informed the Italian of the situation.

He gave England a friendly pat on the back.

'You just hold tight.'

The arguing had petered out now and no one really had anything to say.

Italy stood – This was a first for him.

Everyone looked up in shock.

"I would like to cast a vote that we end this meeting.' He said.

'Seconded!' was Japans immediate response.

'Agreed.' Said Germany.

'And I!' said America.

'Me too.' Said France.

'Wait!' Said China.

England whacked his head on the desk.

He couldn't stop leaking. His crotch, if he stood, would be noticeably wet.

'Arthur-' came Japan's worried voice.

'I-I can't…hold it!'

'Why are we waiting, China?' Japan asked in a somewhat sharp voice. He appeared distressed.

'I-I…uh…' England gave him the evilest glare he could muster.

It was so obvious China was stalling for time. But he didn't need a lot.

England couldn't hold it any longer, no matter how hard he tried. No manner of holding patterns could save him. He felt his bladder escape his control. Letting out a cry of frustration he smacked his head on the desk once more, tears spilling down his cheeks.

The urine soaked his entire crotch and spilled off the chair. The embarrassing sound of urine hitting the floor could be heard.

'Arthur!' Japan cried.

'England..'

'Whoa- England wet himself!' China announced, relief evident in his voice.

The summit's eyes all snapped to England at once.

Japan gave China a loathing look.

He and Italy pulled England up and ran out of the room.

'Meeting adjourned!' called Italy as the door slammed shut.

Once out the door England sunk against the wall.

He had soaked his pants all the way down to his ankles.

'Ah, England.' Italy was unsure how to respond to him, who now cried openly.

'Arthur – what can we do for you?'

Wiping his tears away, England looked up with puffy red eyes.

'I just need to get away from America.'

It was almost as if England was used to this. Maybe not to this extent but it had obviously happened before.

'America?'

England nodded, reddening on top of his already prominent blush.

'It's alright – I will take my self out. Thankyou.'

Getting up he began to miserably make his way out the door. It was raining.

'Arthur…'

'I will accompany him, Kiku.' Said Italy who rarely used Japan's name.

'Thanks, Veneciano.' He replied.

Sighing, shaking the embarrassment away, Japan re-entered the summit meeting room.

America was on his feet.

'Arthur – is he okay, Japan?'

'He…is coping. He would prefer not to see you.'

America nodded, as if he had been expecting it.

'What about me?' asked France.

'He doesn't want to see anyone. Italy is accompanying him.'

China was fidgeting in his seat.

'I told him so. I told him not to drink it.'

'Yao, I am disappointed. I am in quite a rage right now.' Japan said to him.

'No-Kiku… I- I'm sorry… I just wanted to tell people not to drink strawberry milk! And he did!' he sniffled, hugging his Shinatty bag.

Japan softened.

'I know. And I can only imagine the reason why you wanted to ban it.'

'Now he knows how I felt!' said China.

Russia had an odd expression on his face.

'I think, perhaps I will ban strawberry milk in my country.'

Everyone in the room agreed on this point.

END lalalala.

