A Shot in the Dark

Author: ChildOfShadows

*000*2013-01-21 17:08

This is quite literally a shot in the dark. Quite frankly, I have no idea what I am doing here except that I have a wetting story that I think other people might like. I have tried to keep the language in this piece to be of a reasonably friendly nature (ironic, right?), but this is my preference.

This also happens to be part one. I have, stored within the depths of my computer, some uncounted but numerous collection of sequels. If anyone wants to read them, I will be posting them upon request, one at a time. Also, if I should shut up and leave the site now, feel free to inform me so that I'm not hanging around where I'm not wanted. I promise you won't hurt my feelings—like I said, this is a shot in the dark. However, both characters are embodiments of myself (it helped when I was establishing their relationship). Please criticize me and not them if you see error in their actions.

Other lurkers, or even members, may note that this has a very similar plot line to a much older piece in the depths of the archives. That piece was my inspiration; I am not trying to copy it, and the plot line deviates from it in part 2 onward. And now, without further ado:

It really, really sucks to have a hot teacher. Of course, he's not hot to everyone—just me.

I'm the same age as the high school seniors I have classes with, but I'm old at heart and have never really seen eye to eye with them. I don't like them—silly juveniles, and they get on my nerves. It really sucks to be mentally forty when your body is convinced it's seventeen.

Either way, that explains how I wound up sitting next to Alec Conway. An English teacher in his early thirties, Mr. Conway was one of the chaperones for the annual senior field trip to New York. Ordinarily, of course, I would have been sitting alone—I have big feet that take up all of my space with no room to move, and hate the obligation to have to touch my peers. It was single-sex seats, but for me—always the odd one out and known for my maturity, I was trusted with a teacher.

Back to Alec. He's tall; taller than my five foot nine, several inches over six feet. He's got these laugh lines just starting to show around his October blue eyes constantly framed in wire-rimmed glasses, and the slightest touch of silver in his dark brown hair, which is always neatly ponytailed, leaving me unsure exactly how long it is. The man is always immaculate, and I have never seen him lost for words.

I'm very different. I hate my peers and am rarely thought of by them anymore, our mutual dislike having been established over a decade ago. I am always the unacknowledged teacher's pet. My brown hair is always ponytailed like Alec's, and falls well past my shoulders when loose. I never wear makeup, and I rarely wear bras, due to a complete lack of any physical reason to.

The basic point to such long-winded introductions being that I and Alec Conway, the two main characters here, are a little off the beaten path.

It's ten hours to New York from school, less stops. I came prepared—I had my sewing bag, and was busily embroidering grape vines on a table runner for my aunt. I was plugged in to my iPod, listening to the usual—acoustic guitars and vocal harmony with no beat by folk bands that no one has ever heard of, save one cranky old science teacher a few years back. Alec was in the aisle seat, and I was desperately trying to pretend that I wasn't watching him intently.

The first rest stop was two hours in. I had already polished off my twenty-ounce cherry Kool-Aid, and wandered off to refill it. I, like the rest of my family, was blessed with the talent of needing a bathroom infinitely less than other people—on an average day, about once every twelve hours—and so did not bother to use the facilities.

Needless to say, I was the first back. Alec and one other chaperone were the only people on the bus. He stood up to let me into my seat, which I dramatically flopped into before reinstalling my music and needlework.

I felt a brush and looked up. Alec had stepped into the seat to let the other teacher past, and was now looking at me with the strangest expression.

Very slowly, I pulled out my earbuds, still staring through the glasses and into the clear blue eyes.

"Why don't you date?" he asked softly.

I raised my eyebrows at him.

"If you want to go there, why aren't you married?" I countered.

"Never spoke up to the right woman," he sighed, sitting down carefully.

"You've met her? The one?"

"Why is this about me? I asked you first."

"There's this guy."

His eyes closed for a hair's breadth longer than a blink—just enough to hide any change in emotion. I carried on, regardless.

"There's this guy who's totally enchanting to me. He's handsome, he's smart, but—"

"—But he has a girlfriend," Alec interrupted.

I shook my head.

"He's single. It's just wrong for either of us to make a move."

I realized too late the "us" I could have been referring to. Alec, though, did not seem to realize the double implication, though he made no comment.

After nearly a full minute of silence and the return of several students, I slipped my earbuds back in. Then I took one out and offered it to Alec. He took it.

I looked at him again as we pulled out. His lips were moving to the song—he knew the words.

Swoon.

I woke up from my catnap to the bus sitting at a standstill. The playlist had ended, and Alec had thoughtfully put away my headphones and needle.

"Where are we?" I asked sleepily.

"About twenty miles past our third stop," Alec informed me.

I stretched as best a long-limbed being can do in the minuscule excuses for personal space busses provide. I was still stiff—and suddenly reminded of why I was now awake rather than sleeping like every other student on this bus. I had to pee.

Damn.

Alec twitched again in his seat. That was the third time in three minutes. I looked sideways again—his hand was inching its way towards his crotch.

My ever-immaculate teacher was in my same predicament.

"We will be stopping for our fourth rest stop at Mile 105," the bus driver announced over the intercom.

It had been half an hour. Alec and I were both shifting a fair bit now. A glance out the window showed us at mile marker 99—in standstill traffic.

I took another swig of my Kool-Aid and winced.

"I have to pee," I whispered to Alec.

"Me too," he admitted stiffly.

Always a little shortchanged as far as social skills, our earlier conversation came back to me at that moment. I had, of course, been referring to him—had there been some misinterpretation? Who had he been referring to?

"Six miles," I offered helpfully.

He looked around. Most of the students around us were asleep; and those that weren't were distracted by each other and their cell phones.

Alec grabbed himself. I blushed, and turned to stare out the window.

It took half an hour to reach Mile 104. Half an hour of tense silence, discrete grabbings, and not-so-discrete grabbings. Well—I'm not so sure about the rest of the bus, but in my seat, at least, it was tense.

And yet there was this sort of teamwork. Like Alec and I were silently egging each other on—hold it. Encouraging the wait we were both suffering.

Alec was hissing a steady stream of curses in Klingon by the time mile marker 105 was in view, ten cars ahead.

I was in a bad way. I had finished my Kool-Aid on pure stress, and was squirming madly in my seat. I know I kept bumping Alec—heck, he kept bumping me. But I had hope that we would make it.

We pulled into the rest stop parking lot. Alec bent in his seat—he couldn't move for a spasm. Students filled the aisles, and we were trapped.

I knew that there were fifty girls in line ahead of me, and had resolved to head for the woods behind the small building…and at long last, Alec stood up. I had a very clear profile of his very stiff manhood, which had been hidden while he was sitting. He blushed when he noticed I had seen, and began to hobble off.

Now began my problem. I hadn't spurted yet, but I was on the brink. Very carefully, I stood, and managed to hobble off the bus.

I was barely aware of my surroundings. I had to pee, and the trees may as well have been people for all the craps I gave. I had spurted once going down the bus steps, and my briefs were damp.

I felt it coming. I yanked down the soft pants I had worn for the bus ride and collapsed against a tree, only to begin peeing forcefully.

Some minute later, I became aware that the patter of liquid hitting dry leaves was not coming from me alone. Freed from my desperate haze, I could see Alec, red as beet, peeing in all his glory against a nearby tree. As I watched, his stream tapered off—impeded as its delivery system climbed skyward.

With this distraction, I finished first and stood up. My head cocked to one side—I knew what I intended to do; the question was how. I had no experience and little third-party teaching to assist me in this situation.

Alec's stream tapered off, bringing my dilemma to an impasse; a moot point. He turned again to look at me, still standing there nearly a full minute after I had finished, back through the trees in the direction of the completely obscured busses, and back at me.

Very, very carefully, he touched my cheek with his fingertips. I made no move against it, only smiled. In one motion he had me up against a tree (one which had remained unsoiled) and was kissing me with a stunning passion. I was surprised, but pleased, and allowed him to keep me pinned there, though my size would have easily allowed me to break loose if I had chosen.

"I just gambled my career," he murmured as we parted with a soft smack. "Any comment?"

I kissed him gently on the lips. "It paid off."

He was standing a full foot from me, and I could see rather than feel his erection returning. I though some more. How was I going to go about this?

Fingers twitching in indecision, I reached slowly for his zipper. His hands on my waist trembled as I stroked him carefully one, two, three times before sliding the zipper home again. Then he came—all across the front of his pants.

"Sorry," I murmured.

Alec kissed me delicately.

"Wait a few minutes before heading back, all right?" he told me.

Some hours later, about ninety minutes out from New York, I was faking sleep on Alec's shoulder, talking very softly.

"What I said before," I whispered. "I meant you."

I felt the gentle squeeze on my thigh; he understood.

"What are your rooming arrangements?" he whispered softly.

"Odd one out again—I'm alone."

Again, the squeeze on my thigh. Totally invisible to any nearby students—him simply being too polite to wake me up was what they saw.

"May I come by tomorrow?" he whispered.

"Tonight," I breathed.

The bed was trouble. It was a nice hotel, too—nice hotels are big trouble. The pillows and coverlet were both down, which I was allergic to. After a moment of deliberation, I upended my suitcase onto the floor. The heap of soft cotton plus-size garments would serve me well as a bed.

I brushed my teeth and flopped onto my clothes. It was late, but I couldn't sleep. I tossed and turned; the laundry was comfy enough, but I was a little chilly. In retrospect, I was lonely; but I had never needed people before then and could not identify it.

I fell into a fitful sleep just before midnight, flat on my back.

I woke up to Alec's arms supporting me—barely. His grunt of exertion from getting my bulk off the ground had woken me.

"I was going to put you in the bed!" he said.

"Down coverlet," I pointed out. "I'll drown in snot."

"Ah," he said, trying to lower me gently back onto the contents of my suitcase. He lost his balance halfway down, though, and landed on top of me.

"Sorry," he murmured.

I didn't have to stretch very far to kiss him.

I woke up buck-ass nude in a pile of my own clothes. The window was still dark, and Alec was fastening his pants by the door.

"I didn't want to wake you," he said softly. "Wake-up call is in twenty minutes—I'd stay like that until then."

"Naked?" I asked, fishing beneath me for something to wear.

Alec just rolled his eyes, pulled on his shirt, and shut the door behind him.

Formatting note: the line skips are for time skips. Five spaces act as paragraph tabs. I'll fix it if the story gets continued.

*002*2013-01-24 00:21

All right, so I did not have the time to reformat. I'm still stuck in purgatory, otherwise known as the last four months of high school. Thank you for the comment, it will be considered for future revisions.

Also, if anyone has ever actually been to Broadway, please excuse my skimping on the research. I've never been, and the situation is little more than a background to what's happening.

I get very intimate with the characters in this part, more so than I have before or since. Consider this your warning. Also, I realized I never actually named the narrator—for future reference, she's Jenna Faulkner, though I don't think that is mentioned until part 4 at least.

Love you all, and hoping to share the sopping joy:

Part 2: Wet on Broadway

The first thing on my list for New York was Broadway.

The first thing on everyone else's list was shopping.

I left the hotel in high spirits. The hotel coffee was stunningly delicious, and I had gotten (perhaps mistakenly) three cups of the stuff, fully sugared. I was totally high on sugar and caffeine, and ready to go and watch a MUSICAL, dude! Woo-hoo!

I mentioned before that I was a little loopy. Either way, I managed to be surprised when Alec swept me off my feet after I turned the corner out of sight of the hotel.

"Good morning," he purred.

I kissed him lightly and lifted the leg he had in his grip carefully to the ground.

"Broadway, Alec," I told him. "Phantom's on. You know—awesome, romantic opera?"

He still had his hand in the small of my back.

"Are you sure?" he murmured.

There was a reason relationships just didn't happen with me.

"I am going to see Phantom today with or without you," I informed him. "Now kindly let me walk."

That shut him up. He let go of me, and we walked off talking like old friends about this and that and how in God's green Earth we had gotten into the same kind of music.

We got in line right behind each other, me in front, to buy tickets.

"One for Phantom, please," I told the teller when it was my turn.

"Two," came Alec's voice behind me, followed by a long-fingered hand with a credit card.

"You don't have to—" I began to protest. He kissed me gently, cutting it off.

Three minutes into what I knew as disc 2 (unlike the Broadway experience, I am very well-versed in the Phantom soundtrack) I had to pee. The sugar buzz from the coffee was leaving me, it was dark, and I was watching my favorite musical live on Broadway from the second balcony. Quite frankly, I had never been more glad for my hawk vision—but I was still bored.

Alec was mostly asleep, his head lolling back. There were very few people in our area, as well…it was time for a little fun.

Slowly and carefully, I unbuttoned his slacks and slid one hand inside. Alec bucked upward from his semiconscious state as I began to stroke him gently, then moaned softly.

I was suddenly reminded of my need to use the restroom. However, my hand was rather busy—and Alec's was now sliding into my jeans. I struggled to control my breathing and my hand around his tender parts—no need to give him an unexpected squeeze.

Using his free hand to guide our faces together in the dark, Alec kissed me rather hard. My bladder gave a sharp jab as he slid his tongue into my mouth, trying to avoid unnecessary noise as I got another finger into the job down below.

His fingers pressed harder on me. The only thought I could get through my head was that my teacher must be stunning on a piano if he had fingers like that. My bladder jabbed again—it was getting worse.

I put a final finger into the job, and was rewarded with a hand- and pants-full of stickiness. He closed his teeth on my nether lip, fingers working furiously; but I was busy dealing with the sticky stimulation on my rapidly filling bladder.

It was then that I realized that I was not going to get out of this musical with dry briefs unless I left probably within the next five minutes—so much for invincible bladder. I may as well enjoy the situation.

His fingers dug deeper. I moaned softly, and he began to kiss and rub me even deeper.

It was a chain reaction from there. My bladder spasmed, and my hand clenched around his genitals. In surprise and possibly pain, his fingers between my legs pinched together. I bucked, everything else forgotten, moaning in ecstasy.

The next thing I was aware of was the soaking heat cascading down my legs. My jeans were wet all down the inside of my legs, my socks were squishy, and my shoes had already overflowed onto the floor. Alec was also kissing me delicately on the neck—very carefully, so neither of us would get in too much trouble later.

"Never would have thought of that," he murmured, "but you'll probably want to change before dinner."

"Dinner?"

"Dinner," he purred. "Dinner somewhere very nice. Somewhere…"

He began to kiss me gently between words.

"Very…very…nice."

"You slept naked on my clothes, Alec," I pointed out gently. "There's nothing remotely nice in that pile."

"I'll buy you something."

Yes, I know the ending is kind of random. I added it later as a reasonable lead-up to part 3. Of course, the rules from the original still apply—I will cease this storyline the moment I am bid so as not to take space from others.

*003*2013-01-29 01:44

Part 3. Hoping that some lurking grammar freak is cheering right now.

I stepped cautiously out of the changing room. An October blue cocktail gown the color of Alec's eyes folded surprisingly gracefully around my ordinarily chunky body.

"Alec?"

Alec emerged from behind another rack of dresses. I saw his eyes widen behind his wire-rimmed glasses, and his mouth form an "O". He walked towards me as if he was underwater, not blinking, and kissed me passionately on the lips.

"You're going to make it very difficult to wait until tonight," he whispered.

"Who said anything about tonight?"

He smoothed a curl that had escaped my ponytail.

"Would you do that?"

"I should do that," I told him. "I should put this dress back on the rack and tell you that you're a teacher and I'm a student."

"I wouldn't have kissed you if I knew I couldn't get away with it," he countered playfully.

My head jerked up. Familiar voices were coming towards us.

"Students!" I hissed. "Hide!"

Alec dove into the changing room. I went after him to change back into something I could wear on the street.

"What are you doing?" he hissed as I streaked in before he could shut the door.

"We're getting this dress and getting out. Come on, help me into my clothes!"

He reached around me with lightly trembling hands, kissing me softly, to unzip the cocktail dress. It fell to the floor, leaving me standing in my briefs.

Alec, using his height to an advantage, looked out over the door of the dressing room.

"Looks like we may be stuck here for a while," he murmured. "By the way—how did you hear them from so far off?"

"I'm used to avoiding them in public," I said, dropping my T-shirt over my head.

I didn't get a chance to get my jeans on. Alec kissed me from behind, his hands resting just above the hem of the shirt. I turned slowly in his arms as a purr like a sleepy cat built in his throat. My feet lifted off the ground, wrapping around his waist, and my back pressed into the wall. We kissed hard, repressing any sound, and reveling in the moment.

His pants hit the floor, and it was all over.

Alec sighed softly.

"The first group has almost left, but there's another coming in."

I made no comment; just continued to brush out my hair with my fingers. In the mirror, I caught a glimpse of Alec pressing a hand into his crotch.

"You all right?" I inquired softly.

"I'll be fine if we ever get out of here," he growled.

I shrugged to myself and continued to mess with my hair. There's only so much sex one can logically accomplish within the confines of a dressing room in the space of an hour, especially after the little experiment in the balcony on Broadway.

Alec shifted again. A mild curse slipped from his lips.

"Beg your pardon?" I asked, turning round in surprise. Seeing I was looking, he quickly removed his hand from the front of his pants.

"Nothing," he murmured, looking back over the top of the door to keep an eye on the situation.

Half an hour later, it became clear that it was NOT nothing. Poor Alec was dancing and cursing under his breath.

"Just leave already!" he muttered viciously.

"Alec!" I scolded. "If you need to go, just go! It's not like public defacement and exposure are exactly news to me!"

He looked like he might actually take my suggestion, but suddenly bent at the waist and resumed cursing.

"Alec?"

"I can't move," he hissed.

There was no time to waste. I dropped to my knees, pulled his hands away and began to tug at his zipper, already slightly damp.

The zipper wasn't moving.

His hands slammed towards his crotch again, but mine were in the way. I heard his soft gasp, and felt the warm wetness on my fingers, pressed into the front of his pants. It wasn't just a leak. I could not look away—I just sat back on my heels and watched the dark stain pour towards the floor. A puddle began to spread across the floor.

Finally, it seemed he was done. I was rather impressed by the size of the puddle. A soft sob brought me out of my reverie, however. I stood up, greeted by eyes clouded over with tears.

"I'm sorry," he whispered, voice shaking. "I seem to think I'm adult enough to buy you things and make love with you, when I can't even keep from wetting my pants."

"I did, too," I pointed out.

No word was spoken, but three fingers traced the largest streak of silver in the deep brown back to his ponytail tie. It said "I'm old enough to do better".

"It's not your fault," I murmured. "It was me trying to help that made it worse."

I lifted his glasses and wiped his eyes, showing the heart of a mother that I never knew I possessed.

"We should go. I'll pay for the dress, and you can get back to the hotel to change."

He nodded agreement.

*004*2013-01-31 01:25

Sigh. Well, I liked it. I have another dozen odd parts in my files, but I really don't see the point in posing them. Don't watch the shadows in the corner too closely if you're afraid of something looking back—I'll be lurking. Happy wetting to all.

