Avengers Clint/Natasha Omorashi (requested by Little Widow)

Author: Emizzle94

*000*2015-07-10 16:58

She panted as she lifted the weights above her head for the fifth time. She'd been working out in the gym for about an hour now and she was only just beginning to break a sweat. She loved working out in the gym, it always got her adrenaline pumping and made her feel good. Before long, her boyfriend Clint Barton came into the gym and started working out alongside her, they made quite the team, The Black Widow and Hawkeye, though one would never think so. Quite often the two of them were at each other's throats and she remembered last time Clint decided that he was better than her.

Flashback

"What do you mean you're so much better than me?" A very irate Natasha Romanov asked.

Clint Barton just smirked at his sometimes girlfriend and crossed his arms over his chest.

"I mean I'm so much better than you" he replied.

Natasha crossed her own arms over her chest and raised an eyebrow looking in the direction of her sometimes boyfriend.

"At what?" She questioned.

Clint shrugged his shoulders and simply smirked in a good humoured way.

"Everything" he answered.

Natasha nodded.

"Okay, then let's see if you're so much better than me at this. I propose a competition. Whoever uses the bathroom first, loses" she said.

Clint raised an eyebrow.

"You wanna do a holding competition?" He asked.

Natasha nodded and a smirk lit up not only her face, but her eyes too.

"Yeah, seeing as you're so much better than me at everything, this shouldn't be a problem for you" she said.

Clint shrugged and then held out his hand. Natasha smiled and took it and they shook hands before heading off in their separate directions. As soon as Natasha was out of sight, she released the breath she'd been holding in the form of a sigh. She hadn't been expecting him to agree to the competition, because it would mean they couldn't go out on any missions until they'd completed their little competition.

Sighing again, she set to work drinking as much water as she possibly could before it became uncomfortable to drink any more. When she got to that point, she went to the room that she would be sharing with Clint for the entirety of this competition and waited. Elsewhere, Clint was also drinking as much water as he could before it got uncomfortable to drink any more and when he was at that point, he too made his way to the room he would be sharing with Natasha for the entirety of this competition.

An hour passed and they were both beginning to feel the effects of drinking so much water, but they both ignored it, instead going back to whatever they were doing. In this case, Clint was sorting out his bow and Natasha was cleaning out her guns. Neither looked at the other while they were doing this, they didn't need to, they were so in tune with one another that they both knew what the other was doing without having to look. Before long they'd both finished what they were doing to their weapons and we're both now reading books. Clint fidgeted a little and pulled the crotch of his pants away from his crotch. Natasha smirked as she turned the page.

"Problem?" She asked.

Clint shook his head, knowing that she knew what he'd just done.

"Little uncomfortable" he muttered.

Natasha nodded and continued to read her book. Before long she fidgeted too and Clint asked her the same question, to which she replied...

"Getting a numb bum."

Causing Clint to chuckle a little. They continued to read as their bladders filled and discomfort escalated to need. Both ignored the signs and continued to read, by this time Natasha was half way through her book and Clint was on the third chapter only. Before too long, Clint squirmed a little, stretching his legs out and crossing them in front of him, Natasha still had her legs folded underneath her. She didn't take any notice of Clint until he was squirming every few minutes.

"Something the matter Clint?" She asked.

Her noticing his movements caused him to stop and look at her over the top of her book.

"No" he said.

Both knew that he was beginning to feel very needy, but Natasha knew that he would hold until he could definitely hold no more. A sigh escaped her as she began to squirm too and Clint asked her the same question, only for her to reply with...

"Pins and needles in my butt cheek."

Which once again caused him to chuckle, but this time said chuckle was cut short. Clint quickly gripped his crotch and squeezed lightly before turning the page of his book. It was beginning to get harder for them both to read and soon both of them found themselves reading the same sentence over and over again.

Two more hours passed and now neither of them could read their books as the water they'd both drunk filtered through their kidneys and deposited more waste liquid into their bladders. Clint was squirming more than what Natasha was and frankly he was annoyed with the fact that she could be so calm in a situation like this. He sighed and gripped his crotch, squeezing tightly as a small dribble escaped. Natasha watched and smirked a little, but her smirk was short lived when she felt a small dribble escape her too.

Soon they were both standing up with their hands between their legs, Natasha had since stripped down to her underwear, claiming that she didn't want to ruin her favourite leather pants, but Clint remained fully dressed, claiming that he had plenty of leather pants and not one pair was his favourite. Clint gasped as he felt a small squirt escape him and land in his underwear. He clutched himself harder and grunted, however he looked up when he heard Natasha gasp and her hands went between her legs too. She however pressed her middle finger against her pee hole, causing her labia majora to be seen through the material of her panties.

This went on for another half an hour until both Natasha and Clint were so desperate that they were beginning to squirt every time they took a deep breath. Because of this, both were trying to breathe as shallowly as they could, but it wasn't helping. Clint started to mutter 'no' when an even bigger and longer squirt escaped him and began to run down his leg. Natasha wasn't faring any better as a large squirt escaped her too, but because of her lack of pants, the pee went straight through her panties and began to drip out of her hand. Clint groaned as the sound of Natasha's pee dripping to the floor from her hand was amplified by his own desperation.

Before long, Clint gasped as a trickle began to leak from his penis. The urine began to run down his leg and he blushed as he realised that he'd lost this competition. Natasha soon had a trickle coming out of her too, but she was able to stop the flow by putting her hand down her panties and pressing her finger to her bare pee hole. The pressure built up, but at least she could watch as Clint lost the battle and began to outright pee himself right there in front of her. She smirked and crossed her legs, waiting for him to finish.

As soon as Clint was finished, he looked over to Natasha, who was still holding and sighed.

"Fine, I'm not better than you at everything" he said.

Natasha smiled and then let go of her pee hole, causing her own urine to spill out of her body, through her panties, down her legs and to the floor.

End Flashback

Finishing her workout, Natasha smiled at Clint, who smiled back and stopped mid sit-up to look at her.

"Done already?" He asked.

Natasha smiled.

"Yeah, I've done enough for today" she said.

Clint scoffed and continued his sit-ups.

"Okay, if you're sure" he said.

Natasha raised an eyebrow.

"Don't start this again Clint, you remember what happened last time" she said.

Clint smiled and raised his hands in defeat, before watching her walk out of the gym.

*002*2015-07-10 17:19

{{:

I love it! :D thank you soooo much!

}}

You're very welcome

