A desperate ride

Author: Ashlovesomo

*000*2023-10-21 17:51

Another male desperation story! More female ones coming soon, tho! This time, it's a motorcycle rider just running errands, although his bladder gives him a new challenge on his day out! Also smut warning at 'Clyde climbed into the red range rover'! Slight warning for some sex and adultery.

Clyde loved everything about his motorbike. The glossy, black finish with the storage box hanging on the back. The coziness of the seat and the handles still intact after 2 years from his tight grip and revs for the neighbours kids. He took it everywhere with him, from joy rides to road trips with his other motorbike obsessed friends. Last week was the same, although his bladder made his errands the best and worst trip he ever made.

He slipped into his biker wear and carried his helmet under his arm as he locked his front door behind him and slipped the keys in his pocket. Clyde felt a slight tingle from his bladder but shrugged it off, he had shit to do. The engine start echoed around his garage as the large, metal door slowly slid up.

'Right...eggs, milk, bread and chips. Got it.' Clyde thought to himself as he slowly rode away from his house, remembering everything his wife told him to go get.

The trip to the store took at least 30-40 minutes, which, to Clyde's dismay, was a bit more difficult this time around than ever. By halfway through his trip, Clyde's bladder was filling up quickly by the minute, making him squeeze his cock between his thighs tightly. The pressure subsided slightly, giving him a slight relief, but only for a little while.

Clyde made it to the set of traffic lights he always knew, meaning he was 10 minutes away from the store. All the vibrations from the motorbike sent more sensations to Clyde's bladder, making him grip his cock with his left hand, his other hand on the bike handle. He gripped his quivering dick tightly, until his eyes laid on the car next to him, the lady in the passenger seat looked at his crotch with wide eyes. Clyde's hand snapped to his side, his head turned to look infront of him, although he could still feel the lady's eyes on his above average cock.

As he kept driving, a few spurts of piss made its way into his underwear, making him grip his cock with his right hand even tighter than before. He moaned and groaned loudly, whimpers leaving his mouth and echoing in his helmet. His legs fanned in and out slightly, which slightly let off some pressure from the pain.

"Oooooo....FUCK! God, I gotta pee, I gotta pee." Clyde shouted, loudly, over the spluttering engine of his bike. His dick was squished in between his thighs, the piss slowly rolling down his shaft and into his underwear. Another singular jet of piss made its way into his underwear, making Clyde moan out yet again, his hand snapping down to his crotch. He massaged his cock, groaning continuously from the pain of his aching bladder.

Eventually, Clyde made it to the store and parked his motorbike in a designated spot, the familiar car parked a few spots away. He wriggled and squirmed on the spot, bobbing himself up and down to hold back the flood that was inevitable from bursting, taking his keys from the engine. He heard the snooping lady arguing with the man that was driving the car, her head peeking out of the window as the man angrily stomped into the store. Clyde smirked before walking away, his thighs squeezing back the flood.

As he was walking around the aisles, Clyde felt the piss pressing against his urethra, making him squirm on the spot infront of the bread section. A few civilians shopping stared at the poor man as he squirmed in helpless desperation, his dick imprint visible in the spandex trousers.

"He must be really desperate for a wee!" An old lady muttered to her partner next to her. Clyde felt all the attention on him, but he had to finish his errands, so he walked on, his feet shuffling under him from his thigh squeezes. His basket was full from everything he needed, so Clyde made his way to the check out, shoving his items on the conveyor belt. He dug around for his wallet as the staff member slowly scanned his items, talking to her coworker on the checkout behind her.

Clyde was running out of patience, squirming and wriggling on the spot as his legs slightly pretzeled themselves around each other.

"You want a bag, mate?" The staff member asked, looking down at his predicament in complete judgment.

"Y-yeah sure." He muttered, breathing in through his teeth and out through puckered lips. The lady was slowly packing his items, most likely on purpose at this point, which couldn't be blamed, Clyde's dick was practically on show through the tight spandex as he squirmed around.

"Alright thats uh...8.95, mate." The lady exclaimed, her eyes on the cash register. Clyde yanked out a 10 note from his wallet and smacked it onto the side.

"Here. Keep the change." He swiped his shopping bag from the end of the checkout and waddled away, doubled over slightly. Clyde's luck was running out, as more piss began to spill from his throbbing cock, this time, spilling out from his spandex and onto the floor. He moaned and groaned, stopping on the spot to grip his dick and squirm on the spot, unbothered about all the attention, but to no avail. The piss wouldn't stop. Clyde ran up to the closest bush near the shop and yanked everything he was wearing down slightly, pulling his cock out mid peeing. His piss hissed out into the bush, covering up all the gasps and whispers he could hear from other people around him. He didn't care, though. Clyde moaned in relief, swinging his head back with a chuckle leaving his mouth every few seconds, the stream slowly coming to an end.

"You really needed to pee, huh?" Clyde gasped, turning around with his dick still slightly out, making him cover it with both his hands. The lady from the familiar car rested her head against the car door, smiling at Clyde's clumsiness.

"Oh..hah, yeah. Was holding it since this morning, I was bursting when I got on my bike, though."

"Yup, I saw you. Nice dick by the way." She smirked.

"You mean my outfit?" Clyde said, curious to her straightforwardness.

"You heard me." Clyde became slightly hard, moving his hands in tune with his now obvious boner, but the lady clocked it and laughed to herself.

"Oh god, I'm a shit husband now, aren't I?" Clyde laughed, his eyes wired shut.

"I can make you an ever worse one if you come in the car." The lady suggested, all the laughter and sarcasm in her voice completely gone. Clyde didn't even have to think for a second, the horniness had taken over completely.

As Clyde climbed into the red range rover, the lady began taking off her blouse and leggings, no hesitation. She touched Clyde's dick, her eyes widening at the 7 inches sitting in front of her.

"Like what you see?" Clyde smirked.

"Very." The lady climbed on top of Clyde and began stroking his dick along her unshaven vulva, quiet moans leaving their mouths. His cock slowly slid into the lady's soaking pussy, thrusting almost straight away. Moans and whimpers both left their mouths as their skin plapped against each other, echoing around the car. Clyde thrusted quickly in upwards motion, his cock quivering from the impending orgasm. The lady bounced on his dick harder, grinding and bouncing, grinding and bouncing. They both moaned out loudly, orgasming together, Clyde's cum squirting onto her naked back.

"Ooohhh fuck! Oh you're good." The lady smiled as they slowly put their clothes back on.

"Well, I guess that makes the two of us. I'm Clyde by the way."

"Georgia."

"Call me, okay?" Clyde slipped a piece of paper into Georgia's hand before opening the car door and walking away.

Not only did he get his relief, but he ended his errand with a little stress reliver, too 😉

