HARD BOILED LEGS: A Megan and Sarah mystery adventure - Page 9

Author: frostyjr2

*203*2014-09-14 17:34

Sorry it's taken so long, but such is life. The story, however, has NOT been abandoned.

Here is the next chapter for your reading pleasure. Orango and i both thank you for your patience...

Hopefully, it's worth the wait.

Frosty

CHAPTER 24:

DRINKS AND TIPS

After his very public humiliation, Dunstable had chosen to retire early, pleading a slight digestive indisposition.

"I'm just not used to such rich food, I suppose," he said to PCSO Grant before he shut the door to his assigned room.

As she walked down the hallway towards the salon, Katherine was still giggling softly to herself at the thought of her partener's accident. She dared not head back to the loo just yet for fear of running into Wan Yu again… oh, the embarrassment!

Instead, she stopped for a moment and simply crossed her legs, resigning herself to whatever fate had in store for her. She was either going to be seriously desperate for a while longer, or lose control in the most embarrassing of ways ... and for reasons she couldn't quite fathom, both notions seemed strangely appealing to her at the moment.

Gingerly she made her way back to the salon where the rest of the guests had now gathered. Having only been emptied by a few unstoppable squirts into her undergarments, her bladder felt fuller and tighter than she could ever remember in her entire life, and there had been many occasions before now that she had ended up beyond desperate in the line of duty. There had been quite a few occasions in which she hadn't quite made it too, and her mind wandered to that feeling of relief which invariably followed her frantic dash for somewhere to pee...

At the delectable thought of release, another squirt took her completely by surprise just as she stepped through the salon door. Cervin and a very relieved looking Erica were now bringing a round of Cognac to everyone, and just as Katherine felt the wetness snake down the inside of her thighs, a glass was thrust into her hands by the pretty maid.

How cruel fate could be!

Not wanting to appear rude, she murmured a word of thanks and took a polite sip before making a beeline for the inspector on the far side of the room.

Meanwhile Megan was having a mini crisis of her own, not least because she had what felt like enough pee inside of her to fill Lake Tanganyika several times over. Her bladder felt firm and was beginning to bulge out noticeably, to the point that even her dress, which had hung just a bit loosely from her slender frame a few hours previously, was starting to feel tight around her tummy.

In fact she was having trouble concentrating on anything except her positively overwhelming desire to pee. And pee. And no doubt pee some more.

Feeling more than just a little preoccupied, she wasn't paying the slightest bit of attention to the somewhat one-sided conversation Sarah was having with Firenda, so it came as a bit of a shock when she realised they were now both waiting for her input about something or other.

Oh, please just leave me alone! All I want is to go for a wee, that's all. Is that too much to ask? But instead she found herself saying "I'm sorry, I didn't quite catch that..." whilst knotting her legs together and performing an intricate series of moves from the world-renowned 'pee dance'. Even the most inept of dancers knew how that one went.

"Never mind sweetie, it wasn't important," Sarah said.

Quickly returning to her own universe in which her bladder was the centre, the high density ball of hot molten liquid that it was at the moment, she knew she was going to have to do something drastic or face a seriously humiliating accident right here in front of everyone. With so much pee crammed inside of her, straining against her sphincter and banging on the proverbial door to finally be let out, she began to look around in absolute desperation for something that might be able to save her from what might be about to happen.

Turning to face the wall, she pretended to look interested in a conveniently placed Monet that was hanging right in front of her. Edging towards it until she was standing as close as she could possibly get, she made out as if she was inspecting its fascinating details. The painting was of a woman wearing white in a field of grass and dandelions … I bet she was allowed to pee whenever she wanted, Megan thought to herself with a frown. And now for the real reason she had turned to face the wall...

As casually as she could manage in her hurry, she reached down to her knees as if to innocently scratch an itch. On her way back up however, she hooked a hand under the hem of her dress and lifted up the front as much as she dared. It was just enough however, and with the most heavenly and satisfying of feelings, she pressed her fingers into the moist material of her knickers, pressing up hard on her desperate little pee hole with all her strength.

She couldn't quite believe she had managed to hold it all back yet again, and for so long! However, she knew without a doubt that whatever she did was only delaying that inevitable moment, Sarah would simply never let her just go for a pee like a normal human being … and secretly that was one of the reasons she loved her so much. But if she could manage it, to delay the inevitable for just a short while longer was all she needed in order to avoid a humiliating accident in front of so many people.

That was a humongous if though, an 'if' that was looking less and less likely to convert to reality as the minutes ticked by, agonisingly slowly for some, and all too quickly for others.

Lady Daghly looked around and saw that all of the remaining guests were comfortably ensconced in the salon with drinks in hand, and began to make her excuses.

"I'm afraid the events of the past 24 hours have caught up with me," she said with a wan smile.

"I shall have to excuse myself, but please feel free to enjoy the hospitality of the manor for as long as you wish this evening. We will meet again on the morrow."

She then withdrew from the salon, with Erica following closely behind.

Firenda still seemed shaken as well. In stark contrast to her vivacious personality the previous night, she had been virtually silent all through dinner, replying with monosyllabic answers to any attempt on Sarah's part to engage her in casual conversation.

After quickly draining the cognac in her glass, she gestured towards Cervin, who brought the decanter over to her and rapidly refilled her snifter, a small sly smile creasing his usually somber face.

She took another deep draught, then turned to Megan.

"It's so odd, both of them gone so suddenly..."

Having gazed at the Monet for several long minutes, and enjoyed the short lived relief that kneading and massaging her crotch had brought about, Megan was now forced to return to the conversation. With barely enough awareness of what Firenda had just said, Megan managed to form an appropriate answer between her soft gasps and discreet jiggling.

"And then the rest of us having to carry on as if it were business as usual," Megan said, shaking her head. "I just don't understand any of it."

Both Firenda and Sarah nodded in agreement.

Meanwhile, having seen Lady Daghly back to her chambers, little Erica now returned to the salon. She seemed to be humming quietly to herself again as she took her place beside Cervin, who merely raised an eyebrow slightly in her direction, causing the tiny housemaid to blush deeply once more. Wan Yu and Sarah exchanged a glance and a smile at this, the inspector noticed.

Inspector Marlowe gestured for PCSO Grant to lean closer as they sat together on the sofa in the salon. Despite the large snifter of cognac he was holding, the senior officer was still thinking about the business at hand.

"That fellow there," he said with a discreet nod in the direction of Mao Tse Undalingg, who was now conversing with Wan Yu Gigg once again. "There's something about him that is quite disturbing."

"Really? I've barely noticed him at all, 'ave I?" Grant said softly in reply.

"Yes, that's it exactly," the inspector whispered. "Among all these personalities, he alone seems to have a talent for simply fading into the background. In fact, if I'm not looking directly at him, I can't even manage to remember what he looks like!"

"Funny, now that you mention it..." Katherine closed her eyes for a moment. Sure enough, although she could clearly picture Wan Yu's pretty face, that of Mao Tse was impossible to visualize.

"I can't either, can I? That's SO weird, innit?" she said to Marlowe. "If you don't mind, Inspector, I'd rather not be alone in this place tonight, and did you notice my partner is just a shade short of totally useless?"

"There's no small bit of strangeness going on around here by the looks of it," he replied with a smile. "I should be delighted to keep you company, Officer Grant. Two heads will be better than one; we'll go over the facts of the case together now."

He gallantly took her arm and the two of them left the salon together.

As they walked down the long hallway towards the stairs leading up to their rooms, the inspector noticed for the first time that PCSO Grant, although not conventionally pretty, was not an unattractive woman in the least. The subdued lighting seemed to soften her features appreciably, and her hair shone with a healthy glow. Despite the uniform, he could see that she had a trim figure, was apparently quite fit, and was still squirming in a manner Marlowe somehow found unbearably charming.

Just as they were about to pass a small discreet door, PCSO Grant said, "Pardon me for a sec, would you?"

Opening the door, Katherine paused and then quickly glanced inside before entering. She closed the door firmly behind her, and the inspector was suddenly treated to the sound of her little waterfall as Katherine now breathed a sigh of relief.

For some strange reason, this combination of sounds affected Marlowe as nothing ever had before, and he gave an answering sigh from the opposite side of the door as he found himself visualizing the event occurring on her side quite vividly.

When she was done, Katherine was about to pull up her uniform trousers when she noticed something quite strange. Somehow, she had neglected to pull down her knickers, and she had peed right through them once again!

Well, there was nothing for it now but to dry herself off as best she could before leaving the loo.

As she exited, she couldn't help noticing that the inspector was looking at her with a somewhat odd expression on his face.

"Pardon me sir, I don't mean to be forward, but... don't you 'ave to go?"

"I do... but I find myself enjoying the sensation. I believe I can hold on for a while longer, PCSO Grant."

"Please, call me Katherine," she said softly. "At least in private..."

She removed her hat and undid the ribbon which held her hair in place, letting it fall gently to her shoulders now as the Inspector took her hand and led her back towards his room.

<TO BE CONTINUED>

*205*2014-09-14 23:51

{{:

Any chance of Erica having a accident anytime in the near future maybe her and Megan having one and the same time?

}}

The odds are pretty good for at least one of those two things happening...

Maybe even both. Stay tuned for future developments!

Frosty

*209*2014-09-20 13:46

{{:

Thankfully the hiatus of Hard Boiled Legs is over. I enjoyed the return of my favorite desperate characters . Through your excellent description, I particularly enjoyed visualizing Megan trying not to pee herself. Who is responsible for the mysterious deaths?

}}

Well, if we came right out and told you, it wouldn't be much of a mystery, now, would it?

Thanks for reading, and the kind comments, folks !

*210*2014-09-28 18:26

OK, the girls are back !

CHAPTER 25:

DESPERATE DUO

Fearing that the slightest movement might provoke an endless waterfall to burst forth from beneath her pretty dress, Megan sat as still as she was able, legs double crossed and knotted together as tightly as she could squeeze them. Her breathing was becoming more erratic and shallow as the minutes ticked by, and it was taking more than a few simple conversational questions on Sarah's part to snap her out of the little pee-filled world she was losing herself in.

Sarah revelled in the sight of her lover on the edge of control, an edge that she yearned to keep her on for as long as her beloved Megan was physically and mentally able. However, she could tell that she was beginning to teeter dangerously close, because even with all the willpower and determination in the world, the body's needs would always win the battle … eventually.

The one remaining host that hadn't yet been mysteriously murdered had retired early, and now Firenda departed as well, pleading a headache.

This left just a handful of people to 'enjoy the manor's hospitality' as Lady Daghly had suggested.

An extraordinarily tense Megan and a very happy Sarah sat together on a chaise lounge next to a temporary bar that had been set up to cater for the guests, with Wan Yu and Mao standing just a few feet from them. They were conducting a hushed conversation between themselves, but one that seemed to be provoking a great deal of gesticulation and whisper-shouting.

After much to-ing and fro-ing, and obviously on the brink of losing his composure, Mao knocked back the remainder of his drink before slamming the empty glass down heavily onto the table. Having realised that arguing would get him precisely nowhere with this woman, Mao shook his head subtly in a last ditch effort at defiance, then left the salon in a huff. It was enough of a commotion that even Megan was roused from her mental reclusion.

"He certainly looked mad, I wonder what that was all about," Megan said quietly to Sarah, although apparently not quietly enough.

"Never you mind, my dear, it's nothing for you to worry about," Wan Yu retorted with an element of curtness to her voice, and an almost imperceptible narrowing of her gaze.

She turned to the little housemaid then. "Erica, another refill please..."

Scurrying the short distance to Wan Yu's side, Erica hastily topped up her glass and gave a little curtsey as she seemingly hummed just that slightest bit louder to herself.

"Here you are, Ma'am," the little redhead said, blushing yet again.

She couldn't believe how much liquid refreshment Wan Yu had consumed, first water and wine with dinner and then a copious amount of cognac on top of that with nary the slightest hint of desperation to show for it.

As for herself, the tiny housemaid had tried to drink as sparingly as possible during the course of the day, but had been repeatedly denied permission to urinate despite her urgent pleas. To top it all, she was once again full to the bursting point with no relief in sight. This holding lark was more difficult than it had first appeared, and she had discovered a new found respect for holders and wetters alike.

The unpredictable stops and starts of the vibrating egg nestled inside of her beneath her black silk knickers only added to her desperation, and she squirmed in place and sighed deeply, knowing that it was only a matter of time before her next accident.

Wan Yu smiled lovingly at her, sure of exactly which thoughts were running through her little submissive's mind at the moment. As if to confirm the fact, the slightest bead of perspiration trickled down the maid's forehead, with an answering trickle of a leak past her urethra into her already dampened knickers, accompanied by a soft gasp.

Wan Yu smiled even more broadly now.

"I've been waiting for this moment for some time, Sarah," the tall Eurasian beauty said.

"Now that it's just us here, I think it's time to find out which of our little girls is better at holding, don't you?"

Sarah glanced quickly over at Megan, who was showing all the classic signs of extreme desperation now. She looked back at Wan Yu with a puzzled expression.

"Oh, come, come now... I think you both know exactly what I mean. Your little routine has been quite an inspiration to me, my darling Erica can attest to that," Wan Yu said, still smiling.

Erica blushed a deeper shade of crimson at her words, subconsciously bobbing on the spot with the effort of holding back the flood within, trying as hard as possible not to lose the contest before it had even begun.

"I have a feeling this won't take long; they both appear quite ready to burst, the little dears."

Sarah smiled in response. Well, the cat was well and truly out of the bag, so to speak.

A direct challenge, that couldn't be sidestepped, now could it?

"Fine with me," she replied. "We already know how this is going to end, so perhaps we should retire to one of our rooms before we make a mess here in the salon?"

Fine with her, alright. Megan thought. It's MY bladder she's taking liberties with...

Oh, well. I had to keep holding anyway.

<TO BE CONTINUED>

*213*2014-10-09 13:20

Welcome back, wrettingman, and i hope your mom is doing better.

Thanks as always for taking the time to leave a comment, especially under the circumstances!

*214*2014-11-02 18:23

Sorry for the wait, but.... we're working as hard as we can!

Here's the latest chapter, straight from the halls of Dartmoor Manor... :)

CHAPTER 26:

LET THE GAMES BEGIN

Sarah slouched casually on Megan’s bed, legs stretched out in front of her and crossed at the ankles. Her hands were clasped together and resting on her chest, just beneath her small but perfectly shaped breasts. Her firm nipples poked through the thin fabric of her top, the only visible indicator that she was more than a little aroused by the situation at hand. She watched fixatedly, her eyes flitting between her dear sweet Megan, and the bundle of nervous energy that was the petite little housemaid. With Erica pacing around the room in a frenzy and sucking in air through clenched teeth, and Megan retreating into herself the way she did when she was seriously about to start wetting herself, both girls were looking as if they were ready to pop before any real fun had even begun.

Sarah looked on in wonder, silently thanking whatever heavenly powers had been responsible for giving her this moment. Although every night she got to spend with her lover was amazing and special, tonight was crossing boundaries she never even imagined possible. It was going to be one to remember, that much was crystal clear.

Content for the time being to sit back and let Wan Yu take control of the altogether unfamiliar situation, they all listened raptly as she explained the ‘rules’ of the forthcoming game. The longer this takes the better, Sarah thought to herself. We've got all night.

Wan Yu was in mid-flow, something the 2 desperate beauties wouldn’t be for a long while yet if the ideas coming from her mouth actually came to fruition. Ideas were all well and good, but it was plain to see that either of the girls could spring a leak at any moment.

It was also plain to see that Wan Yu was certainly not backwards in coming forwards; she knew exactly what she wanted, and wasn’t afraid to let everyone know.

“Perhaps before we go any further however,” Wan Yu said finally, “our girls should change into more suitable clothing? Clothing that’s a little more … revealing, perhaps? We want to make it a fair contest, and under that dress Megan’s wearing absolutely anything could be happening, and none of us except her would be any the wiser.”

As if on cue Megan felt herself spurt a little, a tiny trickle leaving her overwrought body and re-warming the already damp fabric of her clinging knickers. She was shocked, horrified even, at the prospect of standing in front of people she’d only met yesterday, on the absolute verge of wetting herself, in anything that could be considered ‘revealing’. How easy it would be to just let go now and avoid the humiliation completely. She shuddered and her cheeks reddened at the thought, but she allowed Wan Yu to carry on without interruption, still desperately holding in the biggest and longest wee of her young life.

“Plus, we need to be sure our contestants are starting on an even footing, and by that I mean that they are wearing underwear that is both dry, and will clearly show up any leaking.”

Megan had no choice but to say something, it was now or never.

“Um … actually …” Her voice squeaked out, her throat suddenly dry and scratchy, which was ironic considering the volume of liquid inside her gorgeous body at that very moment. “Well …” her voice trembled, “The knickers I’m in right now aren’t exactly dry, and I don’t have any clean pairs left to put on.”

She looked down at the ground in a bid to avoid eye contact with all three sets of eyes that were presently trained on her. She was feeling uncomfortable, and not just because she needed to pee so badly.

After a brief silence, Sarah spoke up.

“What happened to all your dry pairs, Megan?”

The question was pure subterfuge, for she already knew the answer. She just needed her to look up and in her direction for a second …

Megan shuffled her feet and raised her head, her eyes meeting Sarah’s in a silent and lingering gaze. Then, with a subtle wink and a smile from Sarah, the weird situation suddenly felt different. In an instant she felt at ease, empowered almost, as if a switch had been triggered within her psyche. Her beloved was right here with her, just as she knew she always would be, and was getting just as much pleasure from the way things were unfolding as she was herself. Even though she hadn’t known it before now, this was a dream come true for both of them, and Megan was determined to make the most of the opportunity. Not only that, she was determined to WIN! She would do it for Sarah … but most importantly, she would do it for herself.

Finding a new confidence and resolve to play her part to the best of her ability, Megan cleared her throat and began to explain what had happened to all of her clean knickers.

“My first pair got soaked because I was so desperate for a wee in the car on the way here, that when we arrived I just didn’t have time to find the loo. I, um … I wet myself just out there in the hallway …” Megan blushed redder than ever before, she couldn’t quite believe she was doing this.

Erica smiled as she recalled mopping up Megan’s first accident, then interjected, “You must have been busting, that was a bloody big puddle too!” She chuckled before continuing her frantic pacing, clenching her fists at her sides to try and help take her mind off of her own ever increasing desperation.

“I really was! … Ohh …”

Megan momentarily lost focus and shuddered violently. Another inadvertent dribble seeped out of her pee hole, slithering through her lips and into her sodden panties. Her hands trembled, but she continued. “Then yesterday I didn’t do a wee all evening,” Megan stopped short, remembering her second accident vividly. “Well, eventually I did, into my second pair,” was all she said of that particular incident. “In fact I wet them all, and I’ve already started to wet the pair I’m wearing, but only a little bit! I haven’t been all evening because I still don’t know where the toilet is! Can’t someone just tell me … pleeeeease? It’s all going to burst out any second!”

All self-consciousness gone, she jammed a hand between her legs, crossed them tightly, and pressed up on her privates with all her might.

Wan Yu smiled warmly at Megan.

“It’s not for me to tell you where the bathroom is, my dear; that’s a matter for your mistress. But I do have to say that I admire both your willpower and determination. There aren’t many girls that could hold for as long or as often as you. My little Erica has got a challenging job ahead of her tonight if she is to win, that much is clear. But the fact remains, you can’t start a holding contest wearing knickers that are already wet.”

“I have a clean pair you can borrow, if you like ma’am? We look about the same size,” Erica said hastily, keen for things to get underway. She was still just about dry, but only just.

“I always carry around a spare pair, you never know when you might get caught short.”

The little housemaid laughed nervously, then with a sidelong glance towards Wan Yu she added, “Especially these days.”

Plunging a hand into a concealed pocket within her flouncy petticoat, Erica whipped out a pair of lacy pink knickers. “I’m wearing a similar pair myself today, only in sky blue, see?” Erica lifted the front of her petticoat.

The others looked over and were treated to the visual delight of Erica’s pretty undergarments. They followed the contours of her petite body perfectly, the delicate outline of her intimate feminine region now on show to the room. Maybe it was her imagination, but Sarah swore she could make out the faintest hint of dampness between those lovely shapely legs; maybe, just maybe.

“I’m sorry, but we really need to get started … like, now!” Erica blurted, running her free hand over her aching bladder and bobbing her knees ever so slightly.

Megan nodded emphatically in agreement, gesturing for Erica to fling over the pink knickers so she could begin getting changed. Before the little housemaid had the opportunity however, a strange low-level humming filled the bedroom. Like an airliner’s engines during takeoff, its pitch increased as whatever was making the sound kicked up a gear or two.

“OH NO! NOT NOW!” Instinctively dropping the pink knickers she held in her hand onto the floor beside her, Erica clutched the hem of her petticoat and squeezed her eyes closed. Her breath was taken away as her vibrating love egg, nestled snugly just inside her body, began to wreak havoc on her insides. The vibrations were intense, no longer teasing and sensual as they had been throughout the day, but powerful and all-consuming. In just seconds her legs turned to jelly and she collapsed forwards onto her knees, her hands clasping the insides of her thighs so tightly her fingertips turned red, then white.

Well, I can definitely make out a hint of dampness now! Sarah reflected. But I bet if you inspected any one of us at the moment, we’d all be a touch on the moist side…

Three sets of eyes were glued to the area between the little housemaid’s legs, the whole region visibly vibrating as she desperately fought for control of her body. “Oh, please stop,” she gasped, “I’m going to wee myself, or come … ohh … or both!”

Megan stared open mouthed at the tiny maid, a broad smile slowly growing on her lovely lips.

“You know, I thought I heard a faint buzzing at the dinner table, now it all makes sense!” Then with a look at Sarah she added, “Don’t get any ideas, by the way!”

Sarah beamed.

“Oh, it’s too late for that sweetie. The fun we’re going to have when I get you home!”

“The fun we’re going to have right now!” Wan Yu corrected.

As the purring of the love egg slowed to a stop, it was Erica’s turn to look somewhat embarrassed. Her cheeks burned red and her eyes were averted, but a passion the likes of which she’d never experienced before burned within her.

“Megan, although you’ve been holding on quite some time longer than my little Erica here, the odds are still more or less even, as you can see now.”

Megan nodded in agreement, her mind a blur of sexual anticipation, excitement and desperation; desperation for a pee, and desperation for the touch of her lover. She fantasized about what it would feel like to have all three of the women in front of her, all touching her, all groping her, all caressing her … little goose bumps rose up over her body and she shivered in delight as the thought awakened a memory within her, a dream she'd had of a little session with both Erica and Wan Yu Gigg...

OMG, that dream! Or was it a dream? It had certainly seemed real enough.

Meanwhile, having regained a tiny degree of composure, Erica got back up on shaky legs, steadying herself with a hand against the bed frame. At the same time Megan stooped down to pick up the knickers that Erica had dropped, and with a trembling hand felt the silky material between her fingers. The two desperate girls flashed each other warm smiles, and then Megan said, “They’re so soft … if not a little small for me.”

“Nonsense Meg, you’ll look positively radiant in them.” Sarah encouraged. “Here, let me help you.”

Sarah got up off the bed and kissed her lover on the side of her neck. Feeling the heat radiating from her she breathed in her scent, relishing the fragrance. A heavenly mix of perfume, fresh perspiration, and perhaps the very slight hint of recently leaked urine made her dizzy with arousal. She felt her quivering beneath her hands, her breathing shallow and erratic. With her lips touching Megan’s ear, she whispered. “Are you sure?”

“I’m sure,” was the breathed reply. “Just be quick, I’m seriously about to burst.”

Moving her hands agonizingly slowly, Sarah pulled down the zipper, and the dress slid to the ground in one fluid movement. Wan Yu’s eyes seemed to shine as she gazed upon every inch of Megan’s slender, yet curvaceous body, the hint of a smile on her face. Standing slightly bent forwards and with her feet pointing inwards, Megan paced slowly on the spot, every ounce of concentration being employed to keep her bladder under control and the urine inside her. The delicate material of a strapless bra did a half-hearted job of concealing her round breasts, and they spilled voluptuously over the top and bobbed gently as she paced.

Now she was almost naked the cool air crept around her body. The wetness between her legs which moments ago felt warm and strangely comforting, suddenly felt cold against her skin, sending a shiver through to her core. How easy it would be to warm them up again. The thought fleeted though Megan’s mind, but was quickly extinguished by her competitive spirit. No, not yet, I must hold it in. Her bladder throbbed, begging for release, but she fought it with all her strength.

“Now,” Sarah spoke quietly, “Let’s get you out of those wet knickers. Did you want to um … turn around or anything?” All eyes were on Megan, and Erica had even ceased her frantic pacing, albeit momentarily, to gaze at the lithe beauty.

Coaxed from her reverie, Megan replied, “I don’t think I can right now, if I move I’m going to wee myself.” Her eyes were squeezed shut, but she could feel the room watching her every movement. “Sarah, could you take them off for me? Please?”

With a hopeful tone, Erica said “This is going to be over quite quickly. The poor girl is obviously about to lose it.” Then added under her breath, “And hopefully really soon before I have a little accident of my own.”

“Ha! She might be a ‘wetter’, but she’s also the most determined ‘holder’ I’ve ever met! She’s got hours left in her yet!” Sarah retorted, secretly sceptical of the statement herself.

Erica chuckled, "Sorry to be forward, Ma'am."

She raised the front of her petticoat and gave herself a quick squeeze, then resumed her frantic pacing. She was still hopeful that her bladder would see a quick end to the torment, but even if she won the game she suspected that her mistress might actually make her hold on longer still.

“Well, I’m not entirely sure I've got hours in me, but I’ll try my best!” Megan responded with a smile and a little squeeze of her own nether regions through her wet panties.

Dropping to her knees in front of her lover, Sarah began to tease the pee-soaked cotton away from Megan's skin. She inched the underwear down her thighs to reveal her perfect pink lips beneath, transfixed by the way they moved as Megan rhythmically clenched and unclenched her pelvic floor muscles. She dreamed of the litres of pee being held just inside, and of how good those luscious lips would taste if she ran her tongue between them … but suddenly remembered they were not alone. Megan stopped pacing just long enough to step out of her wet underwear, but continued to squirm as she battled a renewed wave of urgency. Psychologically she had found that being naked from the waist down always made holding more difficult.

Grabbing a towel from the end of the bed Megan patted herself dry, then stepped into the spare knickers that Erica had kindly loaned her. As she pulled them up over Megan's bottom, her privates now once again sheltered from prying eyes, Sarah leaned in closer and kissed her navel. Megan winced as a sudden urge to pee long and hard into Erica's panties washed over her, their tight waistband ensuring that her bladder was now being squished from both the inside and out. They were clearly a size too small, but she was astonished all the same by how soft they felt, and gently caressed the material between her legs with her fingertips. Just knowing she was wearing the little housemaid's lingerie made her feel naughty, and she blushed with a little embarrassment, but mostly excitement.

Sarah stepped back to admire the view and beamed with pride at the beauty of her lover.

"Now, let the games begin!" Wan Yu declared with a broad smile.

<TO BE CONTINUED>

*217*2014-11-02 22:08

{{:

Such a tease...

}}

LOL...you know it!

*223*2015-01-01 23:20

Please rest assured that this story has NOT been abandoned, and that orango and i will have the next chapter posted asap. The holidays are rough... but we'll be back at it soon.

