Misused Authority

Author: Pain

*000*2015-03-22 14:44

“Did you want to see me, Stacey?” Brandon asked as he peeped in through the slightly open office door.

“Yes Brandon, come in .. I’ve been waiting for you…” Stacey replied with a smile. He walked in and she pointed him to take a seat .

She poured him a glass of water from the jug kept on her table.

Although Brandon wasn’t thirsty , he readily accepted her offering. He couldn’t refuse his boss anyway, could he?

Placing the now empty glass back on the table , Brandon waited for Stacey to tell why she had called him in .

In her early thirties , Stacey McGregor was the General Manager of the Mathew & Smith Accounting firm. It was obvious that everyone tried to be in her good books, unless they wanted to get fired. She was ambitious and passionate for her work but off late, her attention had been wavering off towards Brandon.

It was not as if Stacey liked him or anything, but she found him cute and that was enough for her motives to go wrong.

“As I’ve come to know Brandon, your performance at work has been steadily declining, is there any specific reason behind it?” she asked with a low but stern voice ,enough to let Brandon know that he was in trouble.

“Is it ? B-But I’ve met all the targets on time… “ Brandon exclaimed , sitting in a more upright and attentive posture now. He was shocked at what he was listening to. How was that even possible? He had been working his ass off to get a promotion that was actually due for more than an year now. It was technically impossible for his performance to have gone down! If anything , then it should have gone up!

“Well that is what I’ve observed and even heard from others…you know Brandon, we can’t afford to have lazy asses working for us…” she said. Brandon could make out where this was going.

“I am telling you Stacey, there must have been some mistake… “ Brandon said, he was at a complete loss of words for something so unexpected. He just didn’t know how to react!

“Well I am sorry Brandon, but we may have to let you go if that’s the case…” Stacey said, looking straight at him. She knew he was terrified and that was all she wanted.

“No please you can’t do this to me...Stacey…I’ve been working here for 5 years now…you can’t just ask me to leave like that…” Brandon blabbered out, his heart beat reaching a crescendo. He was sure he was gonna die any moment.

“There isn’t much I can do to help you… we only want people who are willing to give it their all, you know….” Stacey said, pressing her lips together , a sign that she felt sorry for him.

“I am willing to give it my all Stacey! Just tell me what you want me to do!” Brandon wailed. Stacey had him where she wanted, this was her chance.

“Well not much… I just want you to put off going to the toilet, until I give you the permission to do so..” she said, with a slight smile as she played with a pen.

“What?” Brandon asked, taken aback by such an absurd demand.

“…only if you wish to keep your job.” Stacey completed her sentence, raising her eyebrows in a way that told that she had the power to make or break his career.

Brandon felt a chill running down his body. He wanted Stacey to know that he thought what a huge creep she was, but he couldn’t. He wanted his job and he wanted it bad.

“Well isn’t there something else I can do for you?” he asked, trying to bring the deal to a more negotiable situation. In fact he was ready to sleep with her if she wanted to, after all Stacey was one of the hottest female employees that their company could boast of.

But Stacey was adamant , it didn’t look like she was gonna budge.

“I don’t think you want to work here , but my offer is still open, take it or leave it…” she smirked.

Brandon understood he had no way out.His only way was to give into her demand.

“Well fine…I’ll do as you say..” he sighed as he looked down to his lap. He couldn’t believe what he was getting into.

“That’s like a good boy…” Stacey said, her smile much wider than before as she poured another glass of water for him.

Brandon reluctantly looked at the glass full of water for a moment as Stacey held it towards him. He didn’t want to drink it but he had no choice.

He took it from her and downed the entire contents at one go and placed the glass back on the table.

“Now...can I go back to work?” he asked, trying to keep his tone as humble as possible.

“Not so fast honey...I want you to have troubles…” Stacey grinned, pouring more water into the glass.

“Oh my God!” Brandon gasped under his breathe , how much was she gonna make him drink?

This went on until the entire jug ran empty . Brandon’s stomach started feeling bloated with all the water he had just consumed. He felt uncomfortable but didn’t complain.

“Now...you can go back to your desk ..”, Stacey ordered, “…but remember, I am watching you, no toilets…” she smirked, waving her index finger.

He was so angry at her but it wasn’t like he could do anything about it.

Brandon’s desk was clearly visible to Stacey through the glass wall of her office cabin and there was no way for him to sneak off to the toilets without being noticed.

At his desk, Brandon checked his watch, it was 1:30 in the noon. This meant he still had 5 hours to go before he could leave for his home.

Puzzled at what to do, he looked at Stacey’s cabin to find her keeping an eye on him. She wouldn’t let him go while he was in the office and there was no possible way he could hold his pee for the next five hours considering the amount he had drank.

Nevertheless Brandon got back to his work.

20 minutes into it, he started to feel slight twinges within his bladder. He didn’t want to know if Stacey was still looking at him. He felt, so vulnerable.

Soon the lunch time ensued and Brandon’s need to pee had reached a new height by then.

A peon walked up to him to inform that Stacey had called him to her cabin.

“Again?!” he barked to himself. He was growing increasingly frustrated by her actions.

“Yes?” he asked as he walked into her office.

“Have a seat Brandon, I thought we could have lunch together…what should I order for you? Do you like Chinese?” Stacey asked ,as she picked up her phone to place an order.

“No thanks, I’m not hungry..” he replied in a tone that conveyed annoyance.

“Well good for you… I just wanted to check on you, if you are doing fine or not?” she asked, “I guess you have to use the toilets..?” , she smiled, coming straight to the point.

“Yes I do…”

“Good… I like where this is going…” Stacey said, giving a look to Brandon.

He wanted to tell her what a bitch she was for making him hold but he couldn’t.

Stacey asked Brandon to stay in her cabin till the lunch got over so she could closely observe his growing discomfort and desperation.

She ordered food for the both of them so that they could engage themselves with something while Brandon was in there . By the time the hour long lunch break came to an end, Brandon could feel a considerable amount of urine sitting in his bladder.

He stood up to leave but stopped on his way out when he heard Stacey’s voice.

“Well, a while has passed since you drank all that water…and soon ,you’re about to have to pee really, really badly!” she laughed.

He knew she was right, at this rate his bladder was gonna be full very soon.

As he shuffled through some papers on his desk, Brandon could feel his need to pee intensifying rapidly. The waistband of his pants was starting to cut into his protruding abdomen.

He was trying hard not to think about his ever mounting need but it wasn’t that easy. He tried to focus all his attention on his work as his bladder continued to fill and swell.

Brandon was now finding it difficult to sit still, he couldn’t help but squirm in his seat from time to time.

He pressed his legs together and continued to work, hoping all this would end somehow.

For a moment he thought of quitting his job, just so he could use the toilets, but then erased the idea from his mind. He knew it wouldn’t be easy to find another high paying job like this in such a poor economy.

Just then his phone bleeped, it was a message, from Stacey. It read –

“I know, you’ re feeling it.. J”

It was like his head was hit by a rod.She was right. Brandon had gone from bad to worse since he had last spoken to her.

He looked towards her cabin and as expected, found her staring at him. Didn’t she have something better to do?

Brandon ignored Stacey and continued with his work.

He had a report to submit today and he seriously didn’t have time for her stupid games.

He tried to suppress the pressure that was building up in his bladder but he knew it was no use. However hard he fought , Brandon just couldn’t take his mind off his need to pee.

Another bleeping sound from his phone informed Brandon that he had a message , it was Stacey, again.

“On a scale from 1 to 10 ,how bad do you need to go?”

It didn’t look like this woman was gonna leave him alone anytime soon. With irritation wrecking his brain, Brandon texted back –

“Around 5…”

He carelessly flung his phone on the table and turned to look at Stacey’s cabin. She was smiling at him.

Brandon had never imagined that someone could ever manipulate him like this. What would Stacey get by doing this to him?

It was around 4 o’clock, when Brandon’s body seriously started to make its need felt. He had to end this torture or else there was no possible way for him to keep working without being distracted by his need to pee.

He entered her cabin , not bothering to knock the door first.

“May I go to the bathroom now?” he asked right away in a demanding voice.

“No …not yet… I want to watch you squirm and dance, trying not to wet your pants” ,Stacey replied after a pause as she looked up from the stash of papers she was working upon.

“Huh…” Brandon shrugged in repulsion, slightly rubbing his thighs together.

(Well this was a story I started writing a few days ago but couldn’t continue with because of time constraints. I may go ahead with it if I get a positive response . Suggestions are more than welcome. Thank you.)

*008*2015-04-05 03:43

Thank you so much guys for all your love and support! I am glad you like it. Anyways, here is the final part of the story. I am sorry it took so long but better late than never.

I have been keeping really busy off late and I asked Sapphire3619 if she would like to write down the remaining part of the story ,to which she agreed. I would like to thank her for writing this part and drawing the story to its end. I absolutely loved the piece she wrote down . If any credits and laurels for the story are to come , then I feel they should definitely go to her. It is because of her capable hands(and mind) that the story came out so good .Thank you so much! I wish you keep writing more stories Sapphire .You are my hero! And we all love you!

###

Brandon was starting to sweat. He knew Stacey liked to assert her power over her employees, but surely this was taking it a bit far. She not only wanted to restrict his access to the bathroom, but she wanted to...watch?

Deeply uncomfortable, Brandon glanced back toward his desk. "Um, I have some work I should finish before the end of the day..."

Stacey paused slightly, but didn't lift her eyes from the papers in front of her. "Oh, no," she purred. "I think you've done enough...work for today." The edges up her lips curled upward. "Why don't you just relax in my office for awhile?"

Brandon inhaled sharply. He'd agreed to Stacey's original restrictions, and he'd drunk the water, but he'd been sure she just wanted to toy with him. Now, her motives seemed far more predatory, and he was incredibly nervous.

"Have a seat, Brandon," Stacey ordered breezily, waving her hand toward one of the dark purple, avant-garde chairs in front of her desk.

Delicately, Brandon obeyed. A spasm crossed his bladder, and he squeezed his thighs together, bending forward slightly.

Stacey raised her head, her eyes gleaming with delight. "And where would you say you are now, on that one to ten scale?"

Panting quietly, Brandon stared at his boss. "An eight," he muttered. "Maybe a nine."

"Goooooooood," Stacey drawled. "You're well on your way to working yourself back into my...good graces."

Brandon's breaths were shallow. He was clenching his muscles tightly, wondering wildly how far Stacey was going to take this. He needed this job, and, other than Stacey, he really liked working in accounting. In the current job market in his town, he couldn't afford to be fired.

Another hour passed, and Brandon couldn't stop squirming. His bladder pressed fiercely against his belt, and drops of sweat rolled steadily down his back. He couldn't remember the last time he'd held it this long, and he wasn't sure how much longer he'd make it.

His bladder pulsed harder than ever, and he reflexively grabbed his crotch, gripping tightly, but not before a small leak escaped.

Stacey's head snapped up, and she sucked in an eager breath, breaking the unnerving silence she'd maintained for the past hour. "Something wrong, Brandon?"

"P-please, Stacey," Brandon breathed. "I'm at my limit. Can I please use the restroom?"

Rising gracefully from her seat, Stacey walked around her desk and laid her hand lightly on Brandon's shoulder. Without saying a word, she walked out onto the office floor.

"Listen up, everyone!" she called to her workers. The office immediately went silent, every eye on the feared boss. "You've all worked exceptionally hard this week. I think you deserve to start your weekends a bit early. Everyone is excused, immediately."

After one stunned moment, Brandon's coworkers started to leave in a flurry of activity. They were used to working until 6 or 7, at least, on Fridays, and they all wanted to take advantage of the boss's unprecedented generosity before she changed her mind.

With her chin raised in satisfaction, Stacey turned on her heel and strolled back through her office cabin door.

Still sweating and holding himself, Brandon looked up at her expectantly. "Does th-this mean I can leave?"

Stacey stared at him, tilting her head slightly. Then, without saying a word, she reached behind her and shut her cabin door with a resounding click.

Brandon's eyes widened in panic. "S-stacey, please!" he panted. "I'm going to have an accident!"

Stacey's chest swelled as she drew in an unnaturally large breath. "Why, Brandon," she giggled, "What exactly did you think was the purpose of this whole exercise?"

She turned and sat on the front edge of desk, now gazing at Brandon with naked anticipation.

Heart beating frantically, Brandon stared incredulously at his boss. There's no way she was actually going to make him wet himself, was there? His thoughts raced. This had to be illegal. How could she do this? Why him? Had she done this to other employees?

His thoughts were interrupted by another strong pulse from his bladder, sending a slightly larger leak into his pants. Brandon gasped and tightened his grip, looking down at his crotch. He thought he could see a tiny wet patch under his hand.

"Yeeeees," Stacey hissed, staring intently. She unhooked the top two buttons of her blouse, exposing her black, lacy bra. She licked her lips, looking for all the world like some sort of alien-lizard woman. Brandon half expected to see a scaly tail flick out from under her skirt.

He looked around wildly. This had gone too far, and the predatory look in Stacey's eyes was starting to scare him. Giving his dick a preparatory squeeze, he stood up from the uncomfortable chair.

"That's enough, Stacey," he declared, trying to keep his voice from shaking. "I'm leaving."

Stacey rose quickly from her perch on the desk, nearly eye-to-eye with Brandon in her 5-inch spike heels. Her EYES FLASHED

Dangerously, and her voice was icy when she spoke. "You take one step toward that door and you're fired."

Brandon's shoulders slumped, and he felt another spurt escape. "Y-you can't..." he stammered.

Smirking, Stacey straightened her shoulders. "Can't what?" she snapped. "I'm the boss. You report to me. Besides," she continued, looking far too pleased with herself for Brandon's liking. "Who would believe you anyway?"

Another leak squirted into Brandon's pants; the damp patch was now visible beyond his clutching fist. He whined softly, hunching over.

"That's it," Stacey purred, her breasts heaving as she leaned back onto her desk.

Brandon knew he had only seconds left. He couldn't believe this was happening, that his boss was actually going to force him to choose between keeping his job and wetting himself in front of her. His eyes began to well up with fear and anger. He opened his mouth to beg Stacey to let him leave.

Before he could get a single word out, a sharp pain knifed through his lower abdomen. Gasping in pain, Brandon released his grasp on his dick and dropped to one knee, clutching the back of the purple chair to keep from falling over completely.

Before his knee even hit the ground, urine burst out of him, flowing down his legs and expanding the stain on his pants at an alarming rate, cascading over the wrinkles left by his tight grip. The stain spread in all directions as the fabric of his pants couldn't keep up with the forceful gush of liquid.

"Yes!" Stacey moaned, watching fixedly. She reached under her skirt, fingers working furiously as she stared at the man kneeling in front of her, having an accident.

Brandon breathed heavily, his mind swimming, Red spots floated in front of his eyes as he wet uncontrollably through his gray slacks. Urine started to pool around his knee, soaking slowly into the thin, industrial carpet.

Stacey's moans escalated into shrieks as she brought herself to climax as Brandon finally finished peeing. She slumped back on the desk, eyes closed and panting hard.

Blinking tears out of his eyes, Brandon kept his head down, angry and humiliated. He couldn't bear to stay in that office another second, but fear of losing his job made him hesitant to move.

After nearly a minute, Stacey's breaths finally evened out, and she lazily opened her eyes, cheeks flushed with pleasure. "Well done, Mr. Charles," she whispered. "I think I'll let you keep your job." With a close-lipped grin, she reached out and placed one finger under Brandon's chin, raising his face to meet hers. "You may go."

Wrenching his head to the side, Brandon rose to his feet and bolted from the office. He could barely spare a thought to be grateful for the absence of his coworkers as he stumbled toward the parking garage, not even breaking stride as he passed his desk and snatched up his keys and briefcase.

In his car, Brandon finally paused, gripping the steering wheel with both hands, gulping in great breaths of air. He felt sick, violated. His soaked trousers pressed heavily against his groin and thighs, a constant reminder of what had just happened. He choked back a sob and started the car.

Brandon stumbled through the door to his apartment, dropped his briefcase on the floor, and flung his coat at the coat rack. Rubbing his hand over his eyes, he turned the corner to head through the kitchen and back to the bedroom to change.

"Surprise!"

Brandon stopped cold and stared stupidly at Vanessa, his girlfriend of 4 years, standing in front of the stove with her arms outstretched in glee.

The soft hum of the oven fan was the only sound as Brandon and Vanessa stared at each other, frozen. Vanessa's eager smile faded quickly as she watched Brandon's stunned reaction to her surprise; her face fell even further as her eyes traveled downward to the huge, wet stain on the front of his pants.

After several shocked seconds, they both began talking at once.

"What are you doing here?"

"Bran, what happened?"

"You're supposed to be in New York..."

"Honey, are you sick?"

"You flight isn't scheduled until tomorrow..."

"Babe, what happened?"

"Vanessa!"

Hearing the fear and urgency in her boyfriend's voice, Vanessa bit back her questions momentarily. Drawing in a steadying breath, she responded cautiously, "I finished early and moved up my flight. I wanted to surprise you," she added, suddenly abashed at her spur-of-the-moment plan.

Brandon exhaled slowly, closing his eyes. Of course there was no way to hide his accident from Vanessa. He'd have to explain it to her, even though he'd honestly been planning on trying never to think about it again.

Hesitantly, Vanessa took a step toward Brandon. "Bran," she started softly. "Are you OK?"

Sighing, Brandon clenched and unclenched his fists. He turned his head to the side, staring at the baseboards under the cupboards. Vanessa waited patiently, knowing better than to push him.

Finally, haltingly, Brandon started talking, telling Vanessa the whole story: being called into Stacey's cabin, being accused of falling behind at work, the many glasses of water, the texts, the final threat.

At that point, Brandon's voice cracked. "Ness, what could I do? We need that job!" He swallowed thickly. "I couldn't hold it. I tried, but I just couldn't help it. It started coming out, and I fell, and I had an ac-accident and she just s-sat there, watching and loving every second!"

Vanessa closed the gap between then, grabbing Brandon's hands.

"It was awful," Brandon choked. "How can I go back there? She knows she owns me now! She could make me do it again!" WIth a whimper, he leaned his forehead against Vanessa's. "But I can't quit..."

"Bran..." Vanessa whispered, her eyes filling with sympathetic tears. "Yes, you can."

Grimacing, Brandon shook his head. "There are no other accounting firms in town, and you haven't been able to find work..."

"Babe," Vanessa looked up at the man she loved with a small smile on her face. "I did. I got the job."

Brandon blinked. "What?"

"They offered it to me at the end of the interview. That's why I flew back early - to tell you," Vanessa held Brandon's face in her hands. "We're moving to New York, Bran. You don't have to go back to that woman."

Brandon let out a strangled cry and dropped to his knees for the second time in an hour. Vanessa wrapped her arms around him as he finally started to sob, releasing all the fear, humiliation, and rage of the afternoon. Vanessa held his against her chest, stroking his hair and whispering soothing words.

"I start in two weeks, and they're covering moving costs. There are hundreds of accounting firms in New York, and HR said they'd help you network," Vanessa explained, softly but excitedly, as Brandon cried.

Finally, Brandon's sobs dissolved into sniffles. Vanessa knelt in front of him and gazed into his eyes. "It's going to be OK, Bran."

Brandon wiped his eyes and nodded, acutely aware of the drenched pants still clinging to his legs.

Rising, Vanessa pulled Brandon to his feet. "I still have to finish dinner," she said, squeezing his hands gently. "I wasn't expecting you home for another hour. You go get cleaned up, and then we'll eat."

Smiling slightly for the first time all day, Brandon leaned down and kissed her cheek. "Thanks, Ness." Then he walked past her and headed into the bedroom, ready to physically and emotionally wash off the horror of the day, knowing that he'd never have to go through it again.

