Short (kind of) Stories - Page 4

Author; Alex62

*075*2020-08-09 18:33

Continuation of the last story on here about Jadian.

Jadian sighed, relieved that he didn’t end up peeing his pants at work. He squeezed out what pee he could get out of the wet fabric and pushed his crotch back in the zipper section. He had no choice but to return to work, despite the fact that he was in wet underwear. The rest of his shift was uneventful, but he knew he needed to pee again. He figured the short 10 minute drive home would be ok, so he clocked out, got his phone, wallet, and keys from his locker and started to leave the building, passing the bathroom on his way out, waving bye to one of his coworkers as he left the store.

Jadian got in his car and had to grab his crotch, the change in position shifted his bladder and sitting down in to the seat made him need to pee more again. He pulled up to the traffic light to make the left turn and could already tell that traffic was sort of heavy. His bladder was so compromised from the near accident earlier that he didn’t even notice the first time when he leaked a little.

He was able to drive a few miles down the road before traffic got slow again. He had a second leak, this time he felt it. His still damp underwear were quick to spread the newly added pee squirt making his whole crotch feel a little warmer, even though not too much came out. He grabbed his crotch. He began driving some more when he had to suddenly slam on his brakes. He began peeing his pants from the sudden stop. He felt the relief of his bladder as he peed more and more. First his underwear soaked it up. He could feel the warmth going under his butt, then his pants got wet, then the seat. He peed for almost 30 seconds. He was stunned. He hasn’t peed his pants in the car since he was much younger, and never while he was driving. He blushed hard and even felt tears welling up in his eyes as he drove the rest of the way home.

*078*2020-08-11 13:53

{{15 minutes ago, Shadowdevil said:

Two amazing stories!! Nathan should have just ask the teacher to go to the bathroom. Glade to see Jaidan make it over here again. Is it the same Jadian as the Jadian and Nico stories?

}}

I haven't really thought of that but if it is the same Jadian(which I like the idea of him being the same) it will be before Nico, so his earlier accidents.

*079*2020-08-12 15:39

Shawn was in the care with his family; his mom, dad, sister, and cousin. His grandparents and other cousins were in a other car behind them. There where heading home from a family vacation and the trip was long. Shawn started to need to pee but as the need wasn’t bad yet he said nothing. But as the trip went on Shawn’s bladder increased and before he knew it he really had to pee. “I need to pee really bad” Shawn complained to his parents “you will just have to hold it till we can stop” but Shawn didn’t like that “if I don’t find a bathroom now I’ll pee my pants” Shawn yelled as he crossed his legs. “You to. old for that Shawn, you can hold it” his parents said with a roll of the eyes. Shawn ignored that and texted his Boyfriend about his predicament. Weird enough his boyfriend was in the same boat but no wear near as desperate as Shawn was. Shawn sent his boyfriend a picture of his crossed legs to show his boyfriend his need was bad.

But his boyfriend just teased him by sending water emojis and waterfall gifs. Shawn felt a leak wet his CK black boxerbriefs. “I need a bathroom and now” Shawn yelled. “Shawn, just hold it” Shawn couldn’t believe it “I’m gonna pee my pants, that what you want!?”. Shawn’s parents just rolled their eyes as Shawn felt another leak and crossed his legs tighter. His phone buzzed and he looked at it and it was another waterfall gif from his boyfriend. Shawn’s bladder had enough as pee flooded out of his body with a “hiss”. It felt so good Shawn didn’t even care as pee soaked his black CK boxerbriefs and black gym shorts. Pee pooled on the tan leather at his butt and dripped on the car floor when the seat had enough. But his cousin’s butt also got wet and he looked at Shawn’s gym shorts. “SHAWN IS PEEING HIMSELF!” He yelled. “Shawn your to old for this” his dad said but Shawn didn’t care as It felt to good.

*080*2020-08-12 23:56

Collin wakes up Saturday morning at his cousin’s house, his parent are on vacation so him and his brother were spending the weekend with there cousin. When Collin wakes up he needs to pee but since his cousin was in the shower he had no choice but to hold it. As he was getting ready his cousin got out of the shower but Collin ignored it and kept getting ready. Collin was almost done getting ready when a huge wave of desperation hit him, he had to grab himself and bend at the knees to prevent any leaks.

After he gained control back he made a bee line to the bathroom. He got there and shut the door just in time as when he pulled down his white Hanes boxerbriefs he leaked a little. After he was doing he pulled his undies back up to expect any damage. Thankfully nothing was to bad as just a penny size wet spot was visible. Collin pulled his pants up and exited the bathroom to continue getting ready. Once he was done getting ready he made his way downstairs to eat breakfast with his brother and cousin. They decided to go to a park after eating since there wasn’t much else to do.

After they all finished eating they all went out to the garage and got into the car and drove to the park. The park was a good hour away and due to Collins OJ at breakfast he was starting to need to pee again. Collin was nowhere near desperate just uncomfortable. They arrived to the park and the first thing Collin did was go to the bathroom, not because he was desperate but because he was scared if he didn’t the morning accident will turn out bigger. They all spent the day hiking and looking at wildlife and just how beautiful nature is. 

At around 4:00 they headed back home but only after they all went to the bathroom. Once in the car and heading home they started to talk about dinner and what they should get. They finally decided on ordering a pizza. Collin joked around about ordering a beer as well to go with the pizza. The cousin just smiled at this idea as Collin laughed at his own joke. Finally they got home at 5:30 and Collin went and sat on the couch and played on his phone. They all decided to not order the pizza till 6:00 so they all just did whatever till then.

At 6:00 that ordered a large cheese and a large pepperoni pizza as they couldn't all decided on just one. The pizza place must have been busy as the pizza arrived very late. They all got there pizza and sat at the table about to eat but the cosine stopped Collin with a laugh and went and opened the fridge and handed Collin a cold beer ”you ask for it so here you go”. Collins was shocked but took the best with a big smile. Collin ate his pizza and drink his beer. Collin was starting to need to pee again but the beer made him not really focused on it like he normal would. He finished the beer and his pizza and went and sat on the couch again. They decided to all watch a comedy and sat on the couch with Collin. After looking though demand the decided on a Kevin Hart movie. Before they could start Collin said “one second” and got up and went to the fridge.

Collin got out another beer and sat back on the couch. The cousin just smiled and started the movie as Collin opened his second beer. Collin got more and more desperate as the movie went on but he was to drunk to care. Collin’s desperate wasn’t obvious though and neither his cousin or his brother noticed. About half way through the movie a big wave of desperation hit Collin and he almost leaked but managed not to. Collin leaned to his cousin’s ear and whispered as best he could in his drunken state that he really needed to pee and almost just leaked. Smiling at this his cousin told him to wait. Collin did so but a second later a faint hiss could be heard as Collins bladder emptied on the couch. Collin didn’t notice that he was peeing until his brother said “Dude you’re peeing your pants”. Collin looked down and sure enough he was peeing. Pee soaked his white Hanes boxerbriefs, tan shorts, and the green couch he was sitting on.

*081*2020-08-13 21:05

Jadian and his sister got in to an argument sort of late, which meant that he got to bed later than he wanted to. To compound the issues, he started having all sorts of weird dreams. One of the last dreams he remembers is that they went to the beach as a family- he and his sister got in to an argument again and he stormed off. He was feeling an urge to pee so he got in the water to go pee. He just could remember the feeling of it being warmer than usual. As he peed in his dream, Jadian was wetting the bed. His white CK trunks started turning yellow, his balls got wet, and a puddle of hot pee began to form under his butt on his light blue sheets.

Jadian is one to set a few alarms to wake up in the morning to wake up, he missed all but the last one and hit snooze without looking at the time, thinking he still had time to get up. He started to notice in his mostly asleep stage that he was oddly cold and clammy wet. His first thought was maybe he was sweating a lot in his dream. He was somewhat hard so he reached his hand down and gave himself a squeeze, which is when he realized he wasn’t just sweaty, he was wet. Jadian panicked because he realized that he didn’t have a good mattress protector anymore since the last time it happened it leaked and his mattress got wet too. He quickly got up and realized it was a big spot.

He yanked off the pee soaked light blue sheets and the mattress covers to realize the bed was wet too. He was upset and to make matters worse, he glanced at the clock and realized he was running late. He ran his sheets and everything to get them in the wash right away, before his mom, dad, or sister saw and peeled off his wet yellowish CK trunks. He threw them all in the wash and started the wash machine, and then proceeded to send a text to his boss saying he was running really far behind and would be coming in late but would still be there.

After he sent the text he got into the shower and turned the water to hot not believing he peed in his sleep again. He started to sob quietly in the shower thinking of it.

*084*2020-08-15 16:34

Would you guys like more stories about any of the characters I used before? Radu, Jadian, Shawn, etc.

*086*2020-08-17 23:34

{{On 8/16/2020 at 2:05 PM, RandomWetName said:

More Jadian and Shawn stories would be great!

}}

Okay. Coming up!

*087*2020-08-25 03:41

Jadian was due to be at work by 10am. The last couple of days he had come in a few minutes late and was woken up to a phone call from his Mom checking to make sure he was up and on his way to work. The problem was, it was 9:30, Jadian was still in bed sleeping, his underwear were stained from when he peed in them a little the night before while playing video games- so he knew he had to take a shower before his 15 minute drive to work. He jumped out of bed, went straight to the bathroom and showered off as best as he could, dried off, put on deodorant and a little pomade for his hair and ran back to his room.

Jadian usually kept his work clothes together, so he grabbed a pair of grey CK trunks, his black pants, socks, shirt and shoes and got dressed quickly. It was 9:47. 15 minutes of a drive was already pushing it, so he was trying to get to work as quick as possible. On the ride he noticed something his body was telling him, but he ignored it- he needed to pee and it was bad. Jadian pulled in to a parking space, turned off the car, got out of the car and swiftly walked in to the building. He shoved a hand in his pocket to squeeze his dick as he checked the time on his phone- which as he was walking in said 10:00, then quickly rolled over to 10:01. He felt his urgency to pee growing but knew he needed to hurry up and clock in or get written up for being late.

Jadian sort of sighed as he passed the bathroom door as he felt himself nearly leaking. He got to the computer station they used to clock in to, and quickly clocked in, at 10:02 as he bounced a little from foot to foot. He grumbled and went in to the employee break room to go to his locker to get his apron and put his keys away. He had to grab himself at one point, but was trying to put on the apron, which needed both hands. He felt a leak. He paused, and his eyes got wide as he realized the end was near and he wasn’t close to a toilet. He grabbed his crotch and bounced from foot to foot and squeezed his legs together as he finished tying the apron on.

Jadian yanked the door open and started walking quickly pausing very briefly as he felt a second leak escape. He ran, as best as he could with a full bladder, to the men’s bathroom. He went in and went to the first stall and slammed it shut and was trying to lock it when another leak started. Jadian crosses his legs tightly as he stood there but unlike the first two leaks, he couldn’t stop this one. A feint hiss filled the quiet bathroom as pee filled his, now wet, underwear, and began running down his crossed legs. He began to cry as he stood there feeling pee fill his shoes and make a puddle beneath him.

He stood there a moment to let reality sink in before he made his way to tell the manager on duty what happened.

*089*2020-10-09 16:36

Continue of the last Jadian story.

He stood there a moment to let reality sink in before he made his way to tell the manager on duty what happened...

Jadian finally got the courage to leave his pretty big puddle in the middle of the bathroom stall and walked to the managers office, feeling the squish in his shoes from his socks and the inner soles press all of the pee around. After about 10 steps, there wasn’t pee escaping his shoes but the squish was noticeable the whole way to the office. He sniffles and takes a deep breath before opening the door. He steps in and squishes his way up and looks at his boss with his red eyes, from crying, and starts to feel another tear form. The manager says on her phone “let me call you right back” and hangs up. “Sit down, what’s wrong?” Jadian has a tear roll down his cheek. “I can’t sit.” And sniffles again, she gives him a curious look- not following what he’s saying.

“I had an accident... and I don’t want to get your chair all wet. ...Like a ‘I peed my pants’ accident. Another tear runs down his cheek as she looks right at his crotch and stands up to walk around her desk. “Go home, get yourself cleaned up, and I’ll see you at your shift tomorrow. Ok?” Jadian nods and walks out, shoes squishing with each step. He clocks back out and goes to get his stuff from his locker and leaves the building- thankfully not passing any of his coworkers that could hear the squishing noise as he walked out. Jadian reaches his car and realizes he has a new dilemma, his cloth gray seats are going to get wet with his peed in pants. But he knew he needed to get home. “Shit” he mumbles as he opens his car door and sits down.

He’s already feeling the first signs of needing to pee again. His dick flexed a little as he squeezed to hold it back, feeling the cold fabric more intensely as he did it. He turned off the cars air conditioning because he was already getting pretty chilly. He turned up the radio and started to drive home.

Thankfully he had a smooth drive home and as he pulled in the driveway, he remembered that everyone else was gone. His mom was at work and his sister was going to be at her friends. So he parked and cried for a few minutes in his car as sort of had all of the emotions hit him again. Sure, he’s had accidents before- but they were never at work, minus the couple of close calls where he leaked a little. Jadian took a deep breath and got out of the car. He was home, he could get cleaned up and relaxed, put on a movie and just chill. He turned to lock the car and realized the seat had a minor amount of a wet spot from the backs of his legs to about his crotch, making sort of a V shape print on the seat. He felt his bladder spaz as he nearly peed his pants in the driveway.

He walked quickly to the door and started to put the key in but it slipped and he dropped them on the ground. When he bent over to pick them up, he felt his pants get warm and then could hear the hiss- not even feeling the pee coming out. He stood there unable to stop the flow and peed his pants at the door. He felt all of the feelings come back as he felt pee going down his legs and on his feet and in his shoes. He smiled with the warmth after he got so cold and clammy from the first time he peed himself. He just relaxed. As he finished peeing he pushed more just to make sure he was totally empty this time. He peed for almost a minute. He started to notice that he was getting a boner. Something about the warmth was getting him turned on.

As he finished dripping, he went inside and went straight to the laundry room, peeled off the wet pants, socks and underwear, and put his clothes and apron in the wash. He went to his room and got some of his other clothes that had been slightly or even fully peed in to put in the wash. Jadian was anxious about anyone at home finding out that he had accidents, so he went to pretty great lengths to hide it all if he couldn’t wash it right away. Jadian went back upstairs, with his boner flopping along and laid down on his bed and started to stroke himself. He wasn’t sure why he was so turned on, but he was and was enjoying himself. He came pretty hard within a few minutes, shooting his load over his shoulder.

He laid there a minute and was relaxing and decided it would be best to take a shower. As soon as he turned on the water, he could already tell he could pee some more and pretty much started peeing as soon as he got in the shower. Only a little came out but it was a relief to his exhausted bladder.

He finished his shower and toweled off. Jadian grabbed another pair of CK underwear, a T-shirt and a pair of basketball shorts and got dressed and went downstairs to watch a movie in the living room.

*091*2020-10-12 15:08

Caleb was acting up in class. It’s a distraction to his aching bladder. Unfortunately he was acting up and goofing off too much and the teacher didn’t like it. She made him move to the back of the room. He was already uncomfortably full. This was his last class of the day. The bell rang and the students started leaving, he thought he was included, but just as he stood up the teacher chimed in. “Not so fast young man.” Caleb looked straight at the teacher, to his belongings, down to the ground and eventually made eye contact with the teacher again. He cleared his throat. “Yes ma’am?” He asked very shyly. “Go sit back down. You spent half of class talking. You can spend that much time working on your homework.” He swallowed hard and grabbed his bag and sat back at the table, crossing his legs like he had them most of the time he was back there.

About 5 minutes in he felt a feeling of warmth surround his crotch. When he needed to pee, a lot of times he got really warm down there, but this was different. The fabric got heavy as pee soaked his underwear and gray sweatpants. Caleb raised his hand but the teacher said unless it’s about his class work, the answer is no. He hadn’t realized he peed some because the top of his pants were still dry. His white CK briefs were pretty well wet.

A few more minutes passed by and the teacher said he could go ahead and go. He crammed everything in his bookbag. Not even realizing he had leaked enough to make the blue plastic seat glisten a bit from his butt being wet. He made a mad dash to the bathrooms which were just a couple of doors down. The bathroom door was locked. As he was reaching for the handle, he realized pee was coming out and running down his legs. He yanked on the handle to no avail. He propped his forehead against the wall next to the door and pee flowed out of his body, even soaking his white socks and filling his boots as his sweats were tucked into them.

*094*2020-10-22 21:09

Evan had just turned 19 and went to a weekend campout with his friends. The camp was known as a family camp so their was a lot of family activities to do: horseback riding, petting zoo, swimming, etc. Since Evan has never been horseback riding his friends have decided to book it to do right away as a surprise.

When they got to camp instead of going to check in they drove to the horse barn instead. Evan was confused and thought his friend was lost but he assured Evan he knew were to go. Once they got to the barn they parked and all got out, even though Evan was confused he just shrugged it off and followed his friends. They went up to the guy at the counter for horseback riding and signed in surprising and wishing Evan a happy birthday. Unfortunately, as it was a surprise for Evan he didn’t come ready and had to change out of his gym shorts. He went to the car and opened the back to get to his bag and took the first pair of dark blue jeans he could find. Evan then went to the bathroom to change which was were his friends were now. On the way to the bathroom Evan past his friends “Hey Evan, it’s a 3 hour trail so don’t forget to go to the bathroom also, we all know how small you bladder is” Evan just nodded as he ran past in excitement.

Once in the bathroom Evan pulled down his gym shorts exposing his Fruit of the Loom light blue briefs. In his excitement and not fully hearing his friends he just put on his dark blue jeans completely forgetting the toilet. After he changed he went outside and meet his friends sitting on a bench. “There getting the horses ready so it will be a minute” Evan nodded and sat down crossing his legs left over right. This wasn’t odd for Evan to sit like that so no one thought he might have to pee not even Evan realized he had to pee. In fact all Evan’s friends also sat like that so it wasn’t odd to any of them.

The head guy finally met with the boys and got them on their horses. Evan got a beautiful white horse and off they went. As it was a hot day everyone including Evan drunk plenty of water. Around an hour in the black horse in front of Evan’s stopped and started peeing. Seeing this made Evan aware of his own bladder and how he forgot to pee earlier. This kinda worried Evan as he knew he had a small bladder and three hours and all this water was pushing it, usaally at home he would pee every 30 minutes, But since his bladder didn’t feel that full and he was having to much fun Evan forgot about it, kinda. Evan still had the thought at the back of his mind so he didn’t drink as much. After 30 more minutes passed Evan’s horse stopped and peed which caused Evan to leak wetting his briefs. Evan couldn’t believe how bad he had to pee and thought back to when he last peed. That was right before they left for the camp so over two hours ago. No wounded I have to pee so bad Evan thought.

Thats when Evan heard running water and to his horror he looked up to see they were at a spring with a small waterfall. This made Evan have to pee 10 times worse. He didn’t know what to do; he was about to pee his pants like a little kid on his 19th birthday but he was to shy to ask if he could stop to pee. That’s when he felt another leak and he looked down at his pants to see a dime wet spot by his crotch. His friend who was behind him rode up to him “Hey Evan, you ok?”

Evan shook his head “I really have to pee”. His friend’s eyes got ride as he looked down at Evan’s crotch and saw the wet spot. “It’s okay Evan. How bad is it?” Before Evan could answer a leak happened followed by another leak then a stream. “I... I’m s...s...sorry I ca... can’t stop I...it”. A faint hiss filled the air as Evan soaked his light blue Fruit of the Loom briefs and dark blue jeans. Evan’s friend put his hand on Evan’s shoulder “it’s okay, i know how small your bladder is and it happens” the horseback riding guide heard this and spoke up “your friend is right, it’s a three hour trail so some always pee their pants and epically with a small bladder. Don’t sweat it.” This kinda cheered Evan up but he was still upset he peed his pants like a little kid on his 19th birthday.

*095*2020-10-23 22:09

Continue of Evan’s last story.

Evan stayed quit for the rest of his ride as his wet jeans and briefs slowly became uncomfortable and itchy. His small bladder failed him again, he's use to wetting his bed most nights but he usually never wets while he's awake. About 20 minutes back his friend who was with him earloer rides up to him again. ”Hey Evan, its okay to be embarrassed bug its hot out and all your water is... Um out of you”. His friend stopped talking at is and pointed to Evan’s pee soaked jeans before he continued. But what he said was true and Evan knew that so he took a big sip of his water.

About 20 minutes back at the main barn Evan felt his bladder again. ”It’s just 20 more minutes I can make it” Evan thought. But the pee-soaked fabric around his crotch made it a lot harder to hold and before long Evan was desperate again. Being as desperate, uncomfortable, and itchy he was he got a idea that was not really smart. ”Maybe I can let out a small amont of pee to warm up and get less desperate and more comfortable,” Evan thought. So he closed his eyes and relaxed as pee flowed out of his body, instantly soaking his briefs and warming him up but without his hands it was hard to stop. When he did finally stop warm pee was down to his knees but luckily no one seemed to notice his little accident So Evan was happy about that plus he was more comfortable and less desperate. But that didn't last for long.

Once back at the barn Evan was desperate again. When they helped Evan off his horse he was embarrassed to see where he was sitting was soaked with pee. But he quickly forgot about that as he made a dadh to the bathroom. Standing up seemed to have increased Evan’s desperation.

Evan made it to the bathroom and bee lined into a stall slaminng the door closed. Evan turned towards to toilet but when he went to unzip his jeans his fingers slipped off as the zipper was wet. He tried again and again but the same results happened. ”No no no” Evan said aloud as he kept trying but it we no use as pee started to flow out of his body. Evan gave up and stood their as a loud hiss filled the air and pee ran down his legs resoaking his dark blue jeans and FotL light blue briefs and soaking the floor, making a huge pee puddle.

*096*2020-12-05 20:16

Jadian was in his bed watching YouTube on his phone when he felt it, he had to pee. As it was past midnight he didn’t want to get out of bed and walk in the dark to the bathroom epically since his bathroom in his room wasn’t working so he had to leave his room for it, so he decided to have some fun and hold it. But his need seemed to get worse and worse faster the normal. Pretty soon he couldn’t lay still. He kept grabbing himself and crossing his legs, both laying in bed and sitting up in bed. He looked at his light blue FoTL briefs and then at his white bed sheets and decided “Fuck it” and closed his eyes and relaxed. Immediately warm pee soaked his briefs and sheets. A smile appeared on his face as pee flowed out of him and he fell asleep.

In the morning he woke up early forgetting about what he did the night before. He layed there for a while not wanting to get out of bed when he felt the need to pee again. As he always had to pee and usually bad in the mornings he didn’t think much about it. He knew he had to go to work later that day so he didn’t want to pee himself so he removed his sheets and got up, still to tired to realizing he peed himself he walked out of his room. Surprised to see his mom awake he groggily said good morning to her. She looked at him and immediately saw his pee soaked briefs “Jadian, did you pee your bed?!” Confused Jadian stopped but the a wave of horror hit him as he did notice his cold wet briefs and his mom saw them. He stuck his hand down to feel his briefs and sure enough they were soaked with pee.

That when he remembered the night before and how weak his bladder was. All a sudden he couldn’t stay still and did a pee pee dance. His mom looked at him confused “Jadian, so you need to pee again?” Jadian shook his head and grabbed himself. He took a step forward but it was to much as a loud hiss filled the air. Jadian stood there in horror as pee flooded out of him and down his tan legs making a puddle on the gray carpet below. Jadian’s mom stood there watching as her teenage son have an accident and wet himself like a little kid. She watched as pee shined down his legs and soak the carpet around his feet. Jadian finally finished and began to cry as his mom watched. She walk over and hugged him “it’s ok, it happens to us all. Your bladder must have been weak from you wetting your bed.”

*097*2020-12-10 19:30

Evan was in the backseat of his family car driving home from there favorite restaurant. As it was two hours away they only went to it every once in a while for a special occasion. There Evan was sitting next to his two younger brothers while his dad drove and his mom sat in the passenger seat. Evan’s mom and dad knew about his small bladder(as he had many accidents before due to it) and tried to stop when ever he asked.

Evan was in his tan khaki short shorts and white CK briefs. He sat with his legs crossed and earphones in as his brothers goofed around and before Evan knew it he was asleep. About an hour later he woke up with a yawn and checked his phone to see how much longer, a hour left depending on traffic. Evan uncrossed his legs(which were crossed the whole time he slept) and realized he had to pee, it wasn’t bad but with a small bladder it could get bad at anytime. “Hey dad, I need to pee” Evan said “Sorry bud, I wish I could help but we are stuck in traffic so I can’t do anything. You have to hold it, can you?” Evan looked up and sure enough saw the red break lights, “I can” Evan responded. His little brother who was next to Evan heard this and giggled “My big bro is gonna pee his pants” Evan laughed “No I’m not” he said as he crossed his legs, but in his mind he wasn’t so sure as the need was already getting worse. He looked at his other brother who was fast asleep.

Evan sat with his legs crossed for another five minutes and asked again “dad, I really have to pee now, can we stop?” Evan’s dad slowly shook his head “Sorry still in traffic, you can hold it?” Evan said “I’ll try” his dad looks at him though the review mirror and mouths sorry. His brother chimes up “Evan is gonna have an accident again!” Evan shook his head and closed his eyes, crossing his legs as tight as be could. But his bladder was so full ”dad, I really need to pee, I'm going to pee my pants.” his dad looked at him and sighed ”we are still in traffic so we can't pull over to pee and have no bottles you can pee in” he sighed again and turned as traffic was stopped, looking at his son with his legs crossed and holding himself must mean he was serious”if you have to pee your pants, its okay” Evan looked at him shocked, did he list tell me I can pee my pants!? Evan thought.

His brother goes ”DO IT!” but Evan shock his head as traffic picked back up but it was to late as Evan’s bladder made up it’s mind. Pee soaked Evan’s white CK briefs and tan khaki short shorts and puddle around him on the black leather seats and when it finally his his little brother he said loudly and happily ”Evan’s having an accident!”Evan couldn't stop it and didn't want to. His dad who was stopped again turned around and watched. ” Evan just nodded as his kept peeing.

*098*2020-12-13 02:56

Alex squirmed in his seat while he talked to his mom in a rest area at a theme park. Alex had to pee not he was holding till he could get to a family bathroom alone in r TrThe theme park and pee his amazing new FoTL light blue briefs. He chatted with his mom for a while longer and eventually said he was going to do a ride and left his mom sitting in the rest area. Once out of view he made his way to a family bathroom excited. Once in the bathroom Alex to off his socks and shoes. After that he unbuttoned his pants and removed them. Standing in only his red boxerbriefs and t-shirt, Alex opened his bag and found his light blue briefs. He pulled them out and to off his boxerbriefs and pulled them on. Standing in the briefs Alex decided to take off his shirt just in case it got wet. But right as he went to take it off he had to start a pee pee dance.

Alex quickly pulled his shirt off and put it down, grabbing himself. Alex made his way to the toilet and when in front of it he lost his bladder control just in time. Pee flowed out of him, almost effortlessly with a loud hiss. The pee was hot and felt amazing aginst his white, pale skin. Pee ran down his legs and hit the floor making more noise. His pee made a huge pee puddle on the family bathroom tile floor as is formed around his feet and the toilet. Alex pee for almost a minute but it seemed much longer. When Alex bladder was empty he carefully made his way to the sink and wiped down his legs and feet. He then took off his pee soaked briefs and threw them away. Alex wiped off his crotch area and got dressed. Alex then carefully left the bathroom, opening the door only enough so he could slide out so no one saw his pee puddle. As he walked away he smiled devilishly at the thought of what he just did.

*099*2020-12-14 20:06

The next hour was pretty quit, Evan sat there sulking as his short and briefs were soaked with pee. When he turned to look out his window a farting noise was made when his butt and shorts turned against the pee soaked leather seat.

During that time Evan started to feel the urge to pee again, so like before he returned to sitting with crossed legs. His brother who was next to him, Tyler, saw this and knew this was a sign his big bro needed to pee, and Evan gave Tyler the only clue he needed. “You need to pee again, don’t you?” Tyler said to Even. “Shut up and leave me alone” Evan muttered back. Evan turned his attention to the window again, making the farting noise again, looking off into the night at the stars. Tyler’s twin brother, Matt, was asleep and clueless to everything.

Trees eventually started to block his view of the sky as the started on there final leg of the journey home. They were just coming to there end of town, meaning 15 minutes of driving left. A few more minutes passed by’ “Dad, I need to pee again, is there anyway you can hurry up a little?” Evan asked. His dad shook his head, no. “We will be there shortly kiddo, you can hold a bit longer.”

Five more minutes were left, Evan changed legs, crossing them left over right now. He felt his crotch get a little warmer, not realizing he leaked some. “Evan’s about to pee himself again daddy! I just know it.” Evan punched Tyler on the arm “No I’m not”. He responded quickly.

They finally arrived home, and their dad hadn’t even turned the car off before Evan was unbuckled and opening the door. He felt another warm squirt escape as he stood up. He ran to the door, not realizing he had no way to get inside until his mom or dad got to the door. It was too late. Pee was filling his white CK briefs and khaki tan short shorts, re-wetting the still damp fabric. His exhausted bladder released all over the front porch, down his legs and into his socks and sneakers. Tyler came up to him and laughed, “See I knew you were about to pee your pants again.”

