Draco and Hermoine: An Alternative Ending

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2012-03-11 09:44

Alternative HP:

Draco and Hermoine

The Prelude Chapter

Hermoine was stuck in a cold cell with but a cot and a bucket for furniture waiting for someone to actually want her like a pathetic lost dog. Her clothing was old and faded and comprised of jeans and a purple pullover. Her wand had been snapped in two, and her other witch’s identifiers had all been burned. It was illegal now for a person without witch lineage to practice magic.

When did all this happen? Well, there was the great assault on the castle, where under the direction of Minevera McGonnagal, the grounds were saved from the assault of Lord Voldermort, but what they didn’t realize, was that a few of the dark wizards among the Death Eaters knew that he had become vulnerable because of signs, and they wanted to take advantage of the weakened ministry. They would take over England, and they put into effect a secret plan.

The Dark Lord fell, and the main followers of the Dark Lord died that night, but a few people, who either had not heeded the call, or who had been powerless to act such as Lucious Malfoy had put into effect other plans. Among those that were secretly building a mutiny against the famed Dark Wizard, were Snape, who had fallen in the forbidden forest, and Draco who had been upset that the Dark Lord had been so harsh with his father because of one Harry Potter that even the Dark Lord couldn’t seem to get rid of.

The main armies of these rebels of the Dark Lord waited until the final battles of the war against the castle, and then they walked in almost unopposed for every wizard and witch had drained him or herself to withstand the Dark Lord’s mighty army. It had been an easy clean up, and now, there was a new power in town.

Hermoine’s eyes opened and she looked up at the ceiling of her cell blinking a couple of times as she remembered the final minutes of the new assault against the castle. The leaders defending the castle were all killed in battle including McGonnagal. The leaders of Voldermort’s armies were also killed if they did not accept the change to the new council of leadership.

Hermoine picked herself up off of her cot, now a lovely twenty three year old muggle-born without any wand or trappings of a witch of any kind. She walked towards the door of the cage holding her stomach, wanting to appeal to her guard for a little mercy.

The man that stood there, looked into the cage with a crooked-toothed smile.

“Master says you will be sold today,” he informed her. “You will eat soon, and then be taken for a bath. Someone special wants you, and we must give him the very best you we can.”

Hermoine nodded and walked back to her cot her head held down in misery. All of this war had been for nothing. Ron had abandoned Harry and her halfway into the battle. He had never found his way back to them. Harry had been killed. Her parents had no memory of her, and now she was nothing but a dog to someone. A dog, that could do tricks like talk, was all that she now was.

Through the last two years, though she had seen nothing but one cot cells most of her time, and had a very difficult life, she refused to bend to the will of the conquerors which had earned her a few backhands and immediate removal from the premises that she had been sold to. No one seemed keen to strike her in the face often though, and though they did magically cause her pain to try to bend her to their will, she resisted no one wanted to really take the time to train her as a slave. She was just too willful, and yet, no one seemed to want to end her miserable like either.

“Get up,” the guard shouted at Hermoine for she had lain down again. Someone was walking along the stone paved basement or dungeon that she was kept in.

A young girl about Hermoine’s age with golden blond hair, a flower in it, and a dreamy smile walked forward. “You have to be washed up now,” she said in her usual mystic-like voice.

“Luna? Is that you?”

“Yes,” she smiled. “I’m glad that you remembered me. I really appreciate what you did for my dad, not holding it against him that he tricked you for my sake.”

“It was nothing,” Hermoine looked down. “So, you are a slave too? But I thought you were witches.”

“Well, it seems these days, even if you were once friends of Harry Potter, then you are as bad as non-worthy witches.”

“Sorry,” Hermoine sighed.

“Come on, we take you for a bath now, and something to eat, and then Mr. Malfoy will be by to pick you up.”

“Malfoy?” Hermoine about gagged.

“Yes. It seems that Draco’s dad has bought you as some kind of present or something.”

“Present?” Hermoine was liking this less and less as Luna Lovegood gave her more information in baby bites.

“Surely, he would have a better present in mind for someone he truly respects,” Hermoine half laughed to herself. “Why would he want me?”

“It seems that he thinks you are just right for this person, but I’m not yet sure who you are going to. It could be to Ronald.”

“Ron? Ron Weasley? Is he okay?”

“Yes, he is. He’s always been a bit of a jerk though,” Luna said sincerely.

“Why are you talking about him like this?” Hermoine asked Luna. Though it was true that Ron had left during their mission early to defeat the Dark Lord, she had always thought it was because he had been jealous of Harry. She would never have been prepared to even think about what Luna’s reply would be.

“Don’t you know? He is one of Draco’s best friends these days,” she said. “He is accepted as a full blood wizard by the council and everyone believes that either you or Harry had hoodwinked him into being your lap dog.”

Hermoine’s face lit up as though it were on fire, and the blood seemed to conjure a flame there for just a moment before it went out. She was upset and sure that every word Luna had said was some kind of lie fed to her by her captors.

“Whatever,” Hermoine tried to calm herself down. There was no way Ronald would be friends with Draco, nor that Draco would even accept him as an equal, so Luna was probably just being her usual cook-y self again. She probably heard this rumor and like everything else she and her dad wrote about in the Quibbler, had believed it.

*004*2012-03-18 06:37

In to the Snake Pit

A man with a staff-like walking stick topped with a brass cobra head sat in a wooden chair leaning on his wand with his piercing eyes looking into the nervous green pupils of the slave merchant.

“I assure you, it is Granger that I have. I have made sure through every enchantment possible.”

“I would hope so,” Lucius said his voice just above a whisper. “I don’t take kindly to being swindled by the likes of you, and you know that you are charging quite a high price for her.”

“But she’s worth it,” the balding man with stained teeth smiled at the blond stringy-hair man before him. “Every dark wizard in our world wants to get their hands on her and study her.”

“True,” Lucius replied before becoming completely silent.

Hermoine was brought to see the blond long hair man in a pair of jeans and a white blouse. Not one area of her skin was showing any bruises or welts. That was very uncommon on muggle-born slaves for many of them had been beaten multiple times for trying to run away or trying to use magic.

Hermoine was no exception to wanting to run away or using magic. She had more than once, been caught trying to get a wand, but for some reason, they didn’t want to leave any scares on her. That didn’t stop slavers from using magic though to teach her a lesson.

Now, Hermoine stood before the cruel man knowing that though she detested him, that it was foolish to say anything at this moment. She would wait until the right time, and then make a break for it. But for now, she would just stand there, and wait for them complete the transaction.

“Tell me, Granger,” Lucius stood up. “What was the Dark Lord’s childhood name?”

“It was Tom Riddle, sir,” she said though the sir left her lips like the aftertaste of a foul tasting potion.

“And who was the elf that Harry Potter stole from in your second year?”

“He didn’t steal him. He freed him, or rather, you did. It was Dobby.”

“Yes, that’s her,” Lucius said smirking. “I’d wager not many know those two things who are muggle-born.”

Hermoine looked down wondering if her usual need to show off her knowledge had yet again made her problems worse. Maybe Lucius would have believe her to not be Hermoine and not taken her as a slave had she failed to answer his questions. Well, there was one problem though. She was sure that the slave trader would have made her regret that.

A couple of hours later, Hermoine was walking through a yard that had white peacocks here and there and the house was a mansion! They entered the front door, and Lucius called out to his family.

“We’re here,” he called. “Draco? Come and meet your birthday present, son!”

Draco walked to grand entrance, and upon seeing his father, he looked up at him a little nervously though they were nearly the same height, Draco had taken to stooping in front of his father for fear that the man might take offense at his rudeness.

“Is that my present?” he whispered as he looked at Hermoine.

“Yes, Draco. You recognize her of course.”

He smiled. Of course he recognized her. He was delighted that not only had his father decided that he was finally mature enough for a slave, but had delivered one Hermoine Granger for his private use.

“Well, well, Granger, what an interesting fix you’ve gotten yourself into. Perhaps you’d like to see where you are going to be staying for the rest of your days here?”

Hermoine bit her lip, and looked away, her eyes rolling to the ceiling. It really didn’t matter where she slept since she was sure she didn’t want to close her eyes while she was surrounded by some of the foulest Dark Wizards in the world.

Draco bowed to his father. “Thank you. sir.”

“So, Granger, of course you know the rules already, right? That a slave is not allowed a wand, and that you will be punished for trying to run away?”

Hermoine nodded.

“Good. Come with me to your room,” and he started to climb the stairs in the main hall.

“I’m… I’m going up there?” she asked a little amazed that they were not taking her below to the dungeons that she knew existed in the ancient place.

“Of course,” Draco smiled. “Where else did you think I’d take you?”

“What about the… the dungeon?”

“Oh, that place is only for prisoners, and if you seriously break the rules, which I’m sure you won’t. There are worse punishments than the dungeon if you decide to break the rules.”

Hermoine gulped. She didn’t want to test that.

*006*2012-03-25 15:37

The Unicorn and the Dragon

It had been a couple of days since Hermoine was led up to her room and the Malfoys seemed to have completely forgotten about her, other than making sure she had food, but maybe that was because duty was left to a little house elf by the name of Misty. Hermoine had seen her at times since she could not leave the locked bedroom, and the elf did have to straighten things at some time.

Hermoine had a single bed that wasn’t too hard to sleep in, but the idea that Lucius would allow such a cheap bed in his dwelling was actually laughable, so of course it was somewhat comfortable. She also had a desk with her journal laying open on it, some books against one wall, and two doors. One door led to the landing on the fifth floor which had been locked since the day she had been taken up there, and the other door led to a tiny room with but a strange bucket like thing with a toilet seat over it. It was no mystery what it was for, but it was rather awkward to use because it felt too small and too low for her.

Now, as the sun rose in the window, Hermoine opened her eyes and looked about in the attic like room, though not really that bad for a slave’s conditions. She sighed and walked over to her desk to read the journal. Yes, it was a magic one. Sometimes, it told her what to do, and sometimes, she was to write in it. It being the second day of her being up there, and she still not being used to the bucket in the bathroom, she saw a pair of undies she had used the day before, lying by the toilet door still damp with urine. She shook her head.

She read the journal for the second time in a space of moments, and realized that it had something written in the day planner for this day other than meal times and a bath time. It had ‘meet Draco’ written in it at 10:30. Maybe they had taken her up there for two days to show her how much she needed his company even if she didn’t like it. It certainly was no fun to be left all alone in one small room with nothing but the books they had, of which she found a couple to be very interesting.

Hermoine looked around the small room, but there were no clocks, and she had no way of telling time but by the movement of the sun out her window. She shook her head and turned the page of the journal over to write something in it.

“Though trapped in a pit of snakes, they will not break me. I may not be the Griffon that my house at school had sorted me into, but I will not be controlled either. I am a person, not an animal or a slave. They will not control me as they seek to do.”

She wrote this knowing full well that the Malfoys were reading it. Did they really expect her to write what she really secretly thought in something magical that they had control over? They had to be nuts to think so! She then stood up and walked over to the small room, a little apprehensive about the bucket. Every time she had tried to use it, it had not been a good experience.

Holding the door open, she looked down at the bucket and then she heard the tiny pop of air from behind her to tell her that Misty had come to check on the room again, and had probably brought her some breakfast.

“I sees that miss had wet her undies again,” the elf looked up at her as picked up the green panties with a patch of yellow stain in the crotch. Hermoine didn’t even answer. Of course she had wet! What were they expecting with giving her such a ridiculous contraption to use for a toilet! It was worse than a training potty for toddlers!

Hermoine looked back down at Misty, and saw her folding the wet panties up and placing them in a small basket that she would magic to the laundry place, where ever that was. On her bed, was a tray with some biscuits and gravy, some juice, and an orange—for breakfast. She walked into the little closet space, closed the door feeling cramped in there, and started to pull down her jeans and panties.

Sitting on the toilet seat over the bucket, and spreading her legs to try to balance herself, but with the closet space so small, it was no good, and she fell over the clumsy contraption. She picked up the bucket with both hands as she got back to her knees, and she tried again just as a little of her pee hit the bottom of the bucket making a dull sound fill the tiny closet. She really had to pee bad, and this contraption was the worst!

Finally balanced on it for a few seconds, she started to squirt into it. The feeling was very relaxing as the third squirt flew past her cunny lips, and she relaxed. Just as she sighed and started to let the flood open, her weight changed somewhat, and the bucket slipped sideways spilling her and her pee onto the floor getting her jeans and her shirt all wet and the puddle spread around the floor.

Hermoine sighed and stood up. She finished letting the pee pour from her tired muscles all over the floor and her pants that were still at her ankles. Without any magic or anything at all to clean up with, she had to just go back into the room with her golden hairs in perfect view to the empty room, but it seemed that the elf had already taken care of that. She saw a clean pair of purple panties and a skirt on the bed along with a sweater top.

At least they were not abusing her… or not yet anyway. Other than complete solitude, they had not done anything to her at all. She hated the bucket toilet, and the fact there was no shower or bath, so she had to wait for Misty to bring her a bath in an old fashion tub at around noon.

###

At precisely ten thirty, Hermoine was lying across the bed with a book reading on her stomach, her legs and most of her thighs in view to the young blond Draco when he opened the door to check in on her.

“Granger?” he walked in. “I’m glad you are dressed. You got my message that I’d be coming to see you today, didn’t you?”

Hermoine turned around and looked down towards him from her position. She nodded.

“Good, well, before I take you downstairs, you and I need to have a talk.”

Hermoine sighed and sat up to listen to him.

“My dad expects you to behave yourself. I’m going to tell you what that means, so you can avoid getting yourself in trouble. You will only talk if you are addressed, and you will only answer questions you are asked. You will not give your unwanted opinions, and you will sit there and smile even if someone decides to say something unsavory to you.”

She nodded. It was no use in doing anything to upset her new master unless she had a chance to escape.

“Good. Please come down the stairs.”

Hermoine sighed. Here it started. She was going to finally be exposed to what they’d really want from her, and she felt herself fidget about it for a moment. There was one thing a bit strange about Draco. He had not called her a mudblood yet, which was a record. He hadn’t said anything mean to her yet. Was he growing up?

She followed behind Draco about a step or two as was the traditional place for a slave. When he paused to open the door to the great hall in which his father was at the head of a table full of guests, she felt a cold chill run down her back. They were all foul dark wizards, but they had all come in after the attack from Voldemort, and she knew that they were not only foul, but traitorous even to their own lords. How they had any kind of order at all, she didn’t know.

Draco opened the doors wide and walked in to take his place at the long table. Lucius looked at the open doors at the lone figure that stood there.

“Granger,” he called to her.

Hermoine’s heart was racing. She was sure that this was some strange ritual that was meant to embarrass the new servants, but she looked on into the room. She stepped forward, and Lucius called around to the table around them.

“As you can see, I’ve found the last of the would-be heroes that had been working to de-thrown the dark lord since the beginning. Though we have been at odds for most of their time, I must admit that we could not have had our justice had it not been for this muggle-born.”

Several of the people at the table looked from him to her in disbelief.

“Oh, I know what you all think of muggle-borns,” he said his voice laced in ice. “I quite agree that they barely deserve to be alive as a general rule, but this one, she had helped the famous Potter to discover his weaknesses and to make him mortal. So, she is now my son’s special servant. Whatever he wants of her, she will do it, but no one else will touch her unless they want the full wrath of the Malfoy house upon them.”

Several people shifted uneasily in their seats.

“Granger, some and sit by your master,” he motioned for her to take the empty seat by Draco.

Hermoine would have liked nothing better than to just walk away, but she knew better. This meeting was too important to just walk away from to the Malfoys, and she had to endure whatever it was they were going to talk about.

“Now, Hermoine.” Lucius turned to face her. “I trust your room is at least comfortable?”

Hermoine nodded.

“Good. We are going to ask you a few questions about how it was that a muggle-born not only knows magic, but also how it is that you are so clever as well, for it is no secret that you are very gifted.”

“I don’t think I can actually answer those questions,” she whispered down the table. “I don’t know the answers.”

“I see. So you think that it was just something you were born with? You think are you as pure blood as the rest of us?”

That was a loaded question, and she knew it.

“Sir? I am only human. What makes a pureblood, I have little knowledge of, but I know I can use a wand, and that I have learned as much at Hogwarts as your own son, Draco, so make of that what you want.”

Lucius loved the way she put things. She called herself only human, and yet she claimed to have the same abilities as Draco in that very same comment. She was certainly entertaining.

“Well, then, just human. Perhaps there is a way we can test the difference between a witch and a muggle.”

“What is that, sir?” she tried to keep her self cool and respectful though she wanted to just jump up, run over, and punch the great Lucius in the nose.

“How would you say, we have a little contest? If you win, we will let you have a wand with some powerful restraining spells on it, and you can use a little magic, but if you lose, you dress exactly as we say, even as a house elf, if I decide to make you, and you will make an unbreakable vow that you will not seek to escape or kill Draco.”

Hermoine looked down.

“I see. You know you cannot compete with a pureblood, yes?”

“It’s not that,” Hermoine looked into his face a little defiance in her eyes. “You will have wands, and I will have?”

“Oh, we’ll make it fair,” Lucius told her. “If you think being human is the same as being a witch, then we’ll prove it with something that is a very basic life process.”

“What is that?” Hermoine was all ears.

“We’ll have a contest about bladders. You will compete with a girl your age, and if I show you that witches have better bladders, then you have to agree that pure bloods are better and do anything Draco says. If you win, I’ll relent that perhaps, some muggles can learn magic on their own, and give you a wand.”

Hermoine didn’t like the sound of the contest. Did Lucius know that with the conditions that slaves were kept in, that it had done damage to her bladder? Would he accept that, or would he just claim it was an excuse for her to be exempted? No, she couldn’t let him know she was weak anyway, especially for being human since just being human made her look weak to him anyway.

“If we do that,” she slowly chose her words. “I want to choose my adversary, and we both have to have the same restraints, otherwise your contest is only as good as your word, and since you betrayed your original lord, to me, that isn’t much.”

Lucius smiled. She was very cunning, and it was a good riling point she made.

“As long as the one you compete with is not an old friend. I do not want you making any deals, so no Weasleys.”

“I agree. She has to be treated exactly as I am though during the time period the test. No matter what, she has to do the same things I do.”

“Agreed.”

“Not so fast. I do not want to be taken from my room. I want to stay there, and be treated as I have with exactly the same, and a spying mirror on both ends so we can both see each other. And she has to have the same bucket toilet, and be dressed in the same clothes. Neither of us is allowed anything more than you usually give your slaves.”

“Agreed,” Lucius smiled at her.

“Then I choose Narcissa!”

Narcissa looked daggers at her. “He said someone your age!”

“What’s wrong? Think a mere muggle will shame you?”

Narcissa became extremely quiet.

*011*2012-04-06 21:28

Draco's Twist

Hermoine sat in the dim room that the Malfoys had first put her in, and she looked into the looking glass where they showed Narcissa’s similar room. She sighed as she thought about the situation she had created for herself, but still, it would even the playing ground, and there was a chance she would get her wand back.

The rules had been clear. The two ladies would have two days in their respective rooms to do as they pleased, but on the third day, a contest would then be held, and the one with the weaker bladder would be witnessed by all the Malfoys and perhaps a few of their friends.

Narcissa, however, knew that a woman that has had a child, or more in her life time, was no match for a child who had yet not had any. She also worried that her husband might be extremely disappointed in her if she lost, so without her husband’s knowledge, anyone else’s knowledge, without even alerting any house elves, she had enacted her plan to make Hermoine fail.

Hermoine, however, had seemed satisfied by the disappointed look that Narcissa had, an she was quite sure that she had the Malfoys where she wanted them. They would not have to admit that Wizards and Muggle born were nearly equal. And to make sure, she would certainly do everything in her power to practice before the main event.

“How are you doing?” Hermoine looked at the woman sitting on the uncomfortable bed in the other room through the mirror.

“I’d be better if I didn’t have to talk to you, mudblood,” the woman said in disgust. “I don’t know why Lucius is humoring you, but you best know that once this is done, you’ve just made your stay here a lot more difficult.”

“I think not,” Hermoine smirked. “Once you lose to me, you will have no choice but to honor your promise, unless you are inferior to even muggles who can at least, keep their word when they give it.”

The woman looked away. The very idea that she was expected to sleep and be treated just like one of the servants was humiliating, and all of this just because for some reason, her husband liked this one for some reason.

Hermoine turned from the mirror and went to sit on her bed. She lay there for a while thinking about how things had become and lamenting not being able to change it all. Voldemort had died, but in the end, he had won. The world was gloomy for anyone who was not a dark wizard.

There was a light tap at the bedroom door where Hermoine was staying in, and she sighed and stood up to be inspected by her master. Glancing in the mirror, she could see that Narcissa was not going to be inspected in the same manner. She just sat there on her bed and called to knocker to enter.

Draco entered Hermoine’s room, and he pushed her gently towards her bed. Pointing a wand at the mirror, he clouded it over so that Hermoine could not see what was on the otherside, but did that mean they could not see her side as well? She didn’t know.

“D…dr…Draco? We are supposed to be able to see each other,” Hermoine whispered.

“If you really want my father to watch me check you like a little girl, and dress you, fine. I can uncover it.”

Hermoine’s face blushed. “But that as the deal. We were supposed to be able to see.”

Draco released the spell on the mirror on his side, but the other side had the same foggy appearance from the other side. “Apparently, my father is not going to let you see him take care of my mother that way, and I don’t blame him. So, are you sure you don’t want the same privacy?”

Hermoine sighed, and Draco resealed their end of the mirror.

“Now, sit down a minute, Granger. I want to talk to you about what you’ve gotten yourself into. There is no way you are going to beat my mom.”

Hermoine looked at him as he rubbed her left thigh.

“My mom has not only my dad on her side, but she is a dark wizard. There are things that we dark wizards go through to train ourselves up against this kind of humiliation, and if you plead for mercy now, my dad might go easy on you, and not force you to make the unbreakable vows you had agreed to.”

“Did he send you in here to soften me up?” Hermoine asked him folding her arms across her chest.

“No,” Draco told her. “I do know, however, that you cannot win. I do not want an unbreakable vow from you. If you stay with me without escaping, I want it to be because you really respect the power I have, not some curse that is over you.”

“I will beat your mom, though,” Hermoine said. “Your mom is not used to the conditions of a servant. She will find it difficult keep up with me after a couple of days in the same kind of treatment as I’m in.”

“My mother,” Draco looked her in the eye. “Has been through a lot more than you can ever realize, and she most certainly will beat you at this little game. As matter of fact, I bet you use the bucket over there before she does.”

“Yeah? Well, since we’ve already made our wagers for something else, it’s too bad for you.”

“We could make another one,” Draco smiled. “If you use the bucket first, you plea with my dad to stop the contest and to not use the unbreakable vow at which point, I will come in and tell him I don’t want a vow like that from you because it will show weakness that I cannot control my own property, and if you somehow outlast my mom for the bucket, then I’ll do a permanent sticking charm on the bucket so at least it will not fall over on you when you try to use it.”

“Fine,” Hermoine said. “I never liked using it anyway, so I’ll try to wait it out without using it.”

Draco smiled. He then felt further up her thigh towards her privates, and he smiled. She was not wet, or at least not yet that he could tell. “Oh yeah, and wetting your pants will be considered cheating. If you pee at all before my mother, you will be considered to be the loser.”

Hermoine blushed. “Draco! What would make you think I’d do that kind of thing?”

He shrugged and walked out of the room as Misty, a house elf entered with some food.

