Fighting with the Spartan

Author: ShowOffX

*000*2013-07-30 10:19

Notes (Bio):

First off, hi, my name is ShowOffX and I have been here for a while now, but never really logged in (that and I forgot my old account password and I deleted the email address), and I’ve noticed not a lot of stories on video games. Thus, I decided to take my favorite video game, Halo, and make a story out of it. Also, this is actually my first story that I’ve written recreationally and I’m not that good at writing. So please, leave constructive criticism for me instead of harsh, useless comments.

Some more notes (Actual story notes):

I am adding a character to adventure around with the Chief, and will be one of the protagonists in the story (hint hint nudge nudge). Cortana won’t develop a relationship with the Chief (sorry about that, idk how to make it work). I am basing the story off the book, so combat won’t be AS precise and there will be some scenes in the book and not the game. I will be adding scenes in where it strays from the game storyline and will help the story storyline progress forward.

New Character:

Burns, Kate

Pvt. First Class; Serviced for 2 years

6’0”; Short-medium blond hair; Slender, Curvy body (Most people find her attracting basically)

Stationed on Reach

And with all that said, let’s begin!

Chapter 1: The Pillar of Autumn

PFC. Kate Burns was tanning on the beaches of Earth, reveling in the comfortable sunshine while sipping at her martini. The sun rays hit her skin gently, warming her body from the outside all the way into the core. The ocean waves lapped gently at the beach, generating soothing white noise. Everything seemed perfect… Suddenly, alarms went off, blaring with lights flashing. Kate heard screams as people tried to figure what was going on. Then, the sun was blocked out by something enormous.

When Kate looked up, she could not believe what she saw. In the skies of Earth hovered a giant Covenant cruiser with many smaller ships surrounding it. As Kate started scrambling for cover, the cruiser started shooting a high-powered beam down towards the crowds, glassing the surface of Earth. The cruiser continued to glass everything, destroying cars, buildings, people, everything in its path. This is the end… Kate thought, we’ve lost and they’ve won… We’re all going to perish… We’ve lost… lost……lost………

Kate woke up with a start. She tried to remember what she had dreamt about, but it was too horrifying to recall. Ever since she narrowly escaped from Reach and watched the planet get glassed, she’s been having nightmares. Dazed, Kate stood up to try and wash her face when she realized a cold, clammy feeling between her legs. What the! Did I piss the bed? Crap, I hope no one finds out. Damn. Damn. Damn. Kate worried as she hurriedly tried to rid her bed of any evidence. After cleaning her bed without any mishaps and changing into fresh clothes, Kate decided to visit the bathroom, to try and relieve herself before doing anything else.

Then, alarms started to blare, and Keyes’ voice boomed over the intercom, “We are now entering normal space. Man your battle stations. This is NOT a drill. Priority level Alpha.”

Shit. I guess I can wait until later. Kate thought as she donned her standard-issue UNSC armor and prepped her MA5B assault rifle and M6D sidearm for combat. After double-checking everything was set, Kate ran out the door and towards Cyro B, where she was stationed, ignoring the ever-growing nagging from her bladder.

After a 10 minutes uneventful trek, other than violent shaking of the ship, Kate arrived at the Cyro stations, only to be greeted by a melted door and a dead Cryo technician. What the heck happened here? Kate asked herself. Her question was answered by the whine of a plasma weapon firing and the return fire of an assault rifle. As Kate turned around, she saw a blue armored Elite fall and something big and green flash by. Intrigued by this figure, she decided to follow it, only to turn the corner and see it empty. Weird… I thought Covenant didn’t use green armor… nor did they use human weapons… This thought was quickly dismissed from Kate’s mind when she saw a trio of Grunts and a Jackal round the corner. She fired her weapon in quick 3-shot bursts and brought down all 4 of the Covenant soldiers. The vibrations from gunfire didn’t help much with Kate’s need to go to the bathroom. Man, I really need to go… She mumbled quietly.

“Attention all personnel, we are initiating Cole Protocol. Abandon ship, head for the life boats. Keyes out.”

Kate’s heart dropped when she heard these words from the Captain. It would mean that they wouldn’t get anywhere distant without the Slipspace engine and that they would be even more exposed to Covenant forces. As Kate’s head swam with thoughts, a sharp pain came from her bladder telling her that she needed to go, badly. Well shit. Abandoning ship and I still need to piss… Kate blushed as the thought of her wetting herself on the life boat came to her mind. I need to find a bathroom before leaving…and fast.

After rounding the 4th corridor, Kate had yet to find a life boat still docked or a bathroom, but managed to find some Grunts, 2 Jackals, even an Elite, and managed to hose them down with bullets. As the approached the last life boat, she saw the same green figure from before walk into the last life boat. Kate called out for them to wait, but she was too late. The last life boat launched from the ship, cruising towards some ring-shaped structure. Kate stood there dumbfounded. I’m screwed. That was the last life boat. I’m doomed to die on this damn ship.

As Kate was mentally dazed, a Grunt snuck up on her with a overcharged plasma pistol. When Kate heard the whine of the plasma weapon, she tried to turn around and shoot the Covenant bitch, but she was too late. The pistol discharged and the plasma bolt was fired. Kate screamed and felt the warm trickle of blood flow on her skin. So this is how I die… Strangely, the blast didn’t hurt at all. When Kate opened her eyes, she saw a dead body of a Grunt and a heavily wounded Marine at the opposite side of the wall.

“I saw this bitch coming for you, so I’d thought I’d give him a present,” the Marine said. He managed a weak smile before collapsing onto the ground.

Kate felt so happy that she was still alive, yet sad that she couldn’t thank the Marine for saving her life. Wait… If I’m still alive, then what was the warm feeling… When Kate looked down, she saw her armor wet, but not with blood. Really? Twice in one day? Fuck this. Kate ran to the nearest locker rooms in hope of finding new armor to change into, or better yet, something to escape in. She didn’t find life boats or extra armor. What she did find was the ODST locker room. Maybe I’ll find something in here…

Kate went over the plan again in her head. Well, I have a chance of dying doing this, but at the same time, I’m for sure dead on this heap of space junk… Well, a chance at living is better than dying for sure. She strapped herself in the harness of the ODST drop pod. These things were know to kill soldiers that didn’t land properly. Kate also managed to find another set of armor, but instead of standard issue armor, it was ODST armor, meaning it was stronger, more durable, and had a recharging shield on it. As she got comfortable in the new suit and the drop pod harness, she prayed that everything would go well and she would find someone for help. Now is the moment of truth, Kate thought to herself. My whole life rests on this pod deploying correctly and landing well. She set the coordinates of drop to where the last life boat landed and pushed the button.

After what felt like eternities, the drop pod dropped, and was fired into space. Kate felt a lurch, and soon, the harness was digging into her body. As she entered the atmosphere of the Halo construct, the pod started heating up to over 98 degrees Fahrenheit due to the friction ripping off the protective layers of the drop pod. Seconds later, the chute was deployed, put was ripped off due to excessive heat. Kate screamed in horror as she plunged toward the alien world at breakneck speeds. Suddenly, the drop pod shuddered, and Kate’s vision darkened.

I hope you like my first installment of Fighting with the Spartan. Please leave your comment and I’ll try to improve on what you give me from your feedback. Thanks

*002*2013-07-30 19:25

Thank you :). I wanted to make a foundation of thing before actually getting deeper into the storyline and omorashi. I'll try to work harder on the second chapter. :D

*004*2013-07-31 04:21

I sort of referenced to the book on that heh heh. "A Grunt popped out from cover, his plasma pistol glowing green—he’d overcharged the weapon. The little SOBs liked to dump energy into the weapon, and discharge it all at once." I didn't think of a suicide grunt cause I saw them on Reach, not on the Pillar of Autumn :P.

*005*2013-08-05 09:29

Notes:

This is a long chapter. For sake of convenience, I’m just going to color-coat dialogue between characters for ease, almost like an RP :). Also, I’m not going to go into details with Cortana, because it’ll cause problems with the storyline and unnecessary info, sorry about that :P. And 1 more thing, I am going to change the Chief’s personality because I hate straight seriousness and also, it helps with the characters getting to know each other (wink wink nudge nudge). Enjoy! :)

Chapter 2: Halo

As Kate walked down the street in her hometown, she couldn’t believe what she saw. Corpses sprawled everywhere. Every wall was painted with blood. Kate felt sick to the stomach when she tried to imagine what happened. Suddenly, the sky flashed bright white. The source of this brilliant, blinding light was a Covenant cruiser. They’re glassing Earth, we’re screwed, Kate thought. As the light neared her, Kate felt blood flow everywhere, gathering around her. All this war has brought was pain and suffering, but all that for nothing. The blood was now starting to pool up around Kate’s waist and rising fast. Countless lives given… The sickly red fluid was warm against her skin as it flowed freely around Kate’s body. All for nothing… Soon, Kate was drowning in blood. She tried screaming, but not a sound escaped from her lips. Pain… Suffering… DEATH…

NOOO!!!!! Kate screamed as she woke up. She was still strapped in the drop pod harness. I’d better try and find some people on this weird structure, Kate thought to herself as she unstrapped herself from the harness. Right as she stood up, Kate felt a cold fluid pool around her armor near her waist. Great… Not even 1 day and I’ve already grossed out new armor… I think that’s a stream over there… maybe I’ll take a quick bath…

As Kate removed the last piece of her armor and was just about to wade into the river when a bush rustled nearby. Kate immediately grabbed her pistol and fired at the bush. Hmm… I swore I heard that bush move… Maybe it was just the wind... Kate shrugged as she waded into the river to try to wash herself and her armor clean. Then, the bush rustled again and a figure appeared from it. Kate screamed as she tried to cover herself while she lunged for her pistol. As she tried to grab the pistol, the mysterious figure grabbed her, preventing her from reaching her sidearm. Kate struggled to escape the strong grip and even tried to kick the figure, but to no avail.

Suddenly, the figure spoke, “Stop struggling, I am not your enemy, Private.”

Kate froze when she heard these words. “Then who or what are you?”

“Get dressed while I explain who I am,” the figure said as it released Kate. “I am Master Chief Petty Officer SPARTAN-117, or simply, the Master Chief.” The Master Chief stood approximately

“A Spartan?” Kate inquired as she was trying to get her waist piece back on.

“Yes. A Spartan,” continued the Master Chief. “You need help with that?”

“Umm… Sort of…”

The Master Chief picked up the waist piece like it weighed nothing and locked it around Kate’s waist. “Why did you take off the armor anyways? It’s dangerous out here. You could get shot.”

“Umm… No reason…” Kate said as she blushed.

“Then don’t take it off again, unless you’re in a secure area.”

“Yes sir.”

“Where did you get this armor anyways? You don’t look like an ODST.”

“I found it in the locker rooms when I took the drop pod down.”

“So you stole it.”

“I didn’t steal it; the ship was going down anyways.”

“So if the world was ending I can break into a store and take whatever I want.”

“That’s different!”

“Then please, explain the difference.”

“Well first, umm…”

“So you stole it.”

“Did not! Don’t you have someone else to annoy, like your squad or something?”

“I don’t. All the other Spartans are dead.”

“I’m so sorry, I should’ve of mentioned that…”

After several silent minutes, the Chief finally spoke up.

“We’d better get moving. There are several life boats out here that need immediate evac.”

After successfully evading a pair of Covenant Banshees and fighting off a small squad of Covenant warriors, the duo made it to the wreckage of the first crash site. A Marine nodded to them as Cortana called in evac.

“Dust off in 10 minutes,” Cortana reported.

“Good, we’ll have to hold off the Covenant until then.”

The group of Marines cleared what was left of the last wave, and all was going well until a Marine shouted that the Covenant were trying to flank them. The Master Chief saw this opportunity to hide behind a rock and mow down the lines of aliens as they dropped out of the dropship. Kate hid behind a tree as she threw a grenade into the ever-growing pile of alien bodies. As she crouched, she felt a familiar twinge in her bladder. Not now… Kate ambushed the thought from her mind as she shot at a Jackal hiding behind his shield. After several battle-intense minutes, the landing zone for evac was clear and the Marines piled onto the Pelican.

Cortana radioed the Pelican pilot, “Foehammer, I need you to disengage your Warthog. We’ll try to see if we can find any more survivors in the canyon.”

“Affirmative. Warthog disengaged. Good luck.” Foehammer replied.

The Master Chief and Kate watched the Pelican fly away. When it disappeared over the horizon, they both got onto the Warthog, with the Chief behind the wheel and Kate manning the LAAG (Light Anti-Aircraft Gun, or the machine gun turret for you non-Halo players). As she got onto the turret, a familiar feeling reminded her of a certain need. I wonder when we can board evac… I need to go… The Chief gunned the engine and the ‘Hog’s massive all-terrain tires spun to life, propelling the 3 ton vehicle forward. The duo bounced on rocks and rough terrain for a while before coming up to a massive tunnel.

“What is it?”

“I don’t know… Cortana?”

“The structure seems to be artificial in nature, but matches none of known Covenant materials.”

“So are we going to go through it?”

“What other choice do we have?”

The Chief hit the gas and sent the Warthog into the dim tunnel. The fat, off-roading tires slid over the smooth, metallic surface effortlessly, almost like an ice skate sliding over ice. There was barely any Covenant resistance along the way, and they were all sucked under the ‘Hog’s tires and shot out the back. The ride was pretty smooth, interrupted by only the speed bumps that were made by Covenant soldiers. Every time they ran a body over, causing the Warthog to jolt. Every jolt sent signals to Kate’s bladder, weakening it after every wave. This… ugh… isn’t helping much… They finally arrived in a large room after several minutes of winding turns and dimly lit corners.

“Something seems wrong… It’s too quiet…”

“My motion sensors are picking up movement from multiple targets. It’s an ambush. FIRE!”

“Firing!”

Kate pulled the trigger on the gun turret and felt the turret come to life in her hand. The vibrations traveled through her arms and straight through her body. No! This won’t happen! Especially here! Kate focused on trying to hit her targets, while, at the same time, she tried to focus on not getting her armor wet again. I can wait until evac. I know I’ll make it… Kate reminded herself. But with wave after wave of Covenant attacking, the turret continued to fire, massaging her body, forcing her to shift her concentration from aiming at the enemies to trying to hold back her floodgates. After what seemed like an eternity, the Covenant seemed to stop. The Chief got out of the vehicle and reloaded his assault rifle with a fresh magazine.

“Try hitting your targets next time,” the Chief joked.

Kate almost raged at that comment, but immediately was reminded of another attention. She quickly crossed her legs, but uncrossed them just as quickly when she remembered that the Chief was there.

“There is a bridge here, but where is the control panel for activating it… Stay here and shoot whatever comes at you. I’ll try to find the control panel.”

With that, the Chief left the Kate on the Warthog and headed towards one side of the room. As soon as he was out of sight, Kate crossed her legs and shoved her hand in her crotch. Man.. I REALLY REALLY need to go. Bad. She tried to think of dry things, but none seemed to work. The pressure in her lower abdomen just seemed to grow and grow and grow, but it just can’t escape, sort of like a capped bottle of coke when a mento is dropped inside. The thought of actually making it to the bathroom dwindled in Kate’s mind as she imagined the Master Chief, taking his sweet time, stopping to inspect every weapon as if he was a little boy seeing a new toy. He’d better hurry the fuck up, or I’ll… Kate’s thought was interrupted when she heard a low humming noise. As if summoned by magic, a bright light started to appear over the chasm. She stared at it wondering what the heck it was until she heard footsteps approaching and quickly stood up straight and put her hands back on the turret.

“What’s wrong?”

“Nothing! Nothing’s wrong,” Kate said as she laughed nervously.

“Well, then… Let’s get going.”

The Chief hopped back into the Warthog and started driving straight towards the mysterious light.

“WAIT! Are we driving OVER the chasm? On just light?”

“Yeah.”

“On what? The light?”

“That’s the plan.”

“You have got to be fucking kidding me,” Kate mumbled as the Chief continued driving toward the light bridge. As the front tires started to roll across, Kate started to hug the gun turret tight. The back tires finally started to roll across, and by that time, Kate was so nervous that she wasn’t concentrating on her bladder and she started to spurt. Shit. Shit. Shit. I didn’t sign up for this. Just relax; everything is going to be fine. We won’t fall into the dark, bottomless chasm. Just don’t look down. Kate tried to pull herself together in attempt to stem her flow, but she kept spurting until they made it across. Whew, I made it across without completely losing it.

“That was some scary shit there.”

“Yeah, I can see by that dark spot on your armor.”

Kate froze where she was standing. She looked down, and to her horror, there was a large wet patch near her crotch area, clearly visible to anyone who was close. If you were further away however, it blended in with the rest of the dark armor. Kate’s face turned a bright red when she realized what had happened, then started to sob uncontrollably. As she was crying, more and more spurts left her until there was a solid stream and her urine started to pool in her armor. Eventually, the warm liquid started to pour out, creating a puddle around her feet. After several solid minutes, Kate’s stream finally ceased, and the pee leaking out of her armor slowed to a drip. Kate felt good to let it go, but she wanted to crawl into a corner and hide just from the embarrassment.

“Why do you continue to cry?”

“Because, you’ll think of me as a baby and make fun of me.”

“I won’t make fun of you.”

“Yeah you will.”

“Look into my eyes,” the Master Chief said as he pulled off his helmet, “I promise I won’t make fun of someone as beautiful as you.”

Kate stopped sobbing when she heard these words. “You really think I’m beautiful?”

The Master Chief took off her helmet and stared directly into her eyes. “Yes, you are beautiful.”

Kate blushed when she heard these words, but they continued to stare into each other’s eyes for a while.

Finally, the Chief broke the silence. “We’d better get moving if we want catch a transport,” he said as he put his helmet back on.

“Right.”

Kate put her helmet back on and started to stand up. The armor felt slimy against her skin.

The Chief steered the Warthog towards the exit of the tunnel, where they saw daylight again. They then headed towards a trail of smoke from a crashed life boat.

“What are we going to do about… umm… this?”

“Don’t worry. I have an idea.”

The Chief spotted a shallow river nearby and drove straight into it. He continued to drive in it until both he and Kate were thoroughly soaked.

“There, now we’re both wet.”

After following the river for a couple miles, they found the survivors of the wreck.

“Nice to see you, Chief.”

“Nice to see you too, Sergeant Johnson.”

“We saved some party favors just for you.”

Kate fired at the enemy soldiers, and one by one they fell as they took hits from the giant turret. As for the ones that started to run away, the Chief chased them down with the Warthog and ran them over. This process lasted about an hour or so until the Covenant started to retreat.

“OK Foehammer, we’re ready for dust off.”

“Roger that Cortana. See if you can find any other survivors.”

The rest of the day was spent looking for survivors in the canyon and defending them while they waited for evac. After the last group boarded the Pelican, the Master Chief and Kate followed them aboard, and watched the canyon grow smaller as the Pelican gained altitude.

“What happened back there will be our little secret right?” Kate whispered to the Chief.

“Yep. As much of a secret as I saw you naked in a river,” the Chief teased.

Kate lightly punched the Chief in the arm as the Pelican headed towards their temporary base, designated as “Alpha Base”.

*007*2013-08-27 06:34

Yeah, it's a bit awkward for me to write also since I'm also a die hard Halo fan, but, I just wanted to try something new, and hey, not everyone might not like it :P. BTW he does take his helmet off (spoiler alert), end of Halo 4, and since I'm going off the book, he does take the helmet off at least one or twice in the book (ik he doesn't in game), but it makes it more interesting.

*009*2013-10-01 07:35

Omg, so much schoolwork that I haven't been writing.

{{: 

As far as I'm concerned Halo 4 shouldn't exist since pretty much EVERYONE was killed off in previous games, but if he takes his helmet off in the books it's not as big of a deal. And I don't really mind him making jokes, because he does make jokes in his own way (like blowing up the Covenant with their own bomb in 1 or 2), but it doesn't feel right to have him hitting on her like that. And that's just what it feels like to me.

}}

End of Halo 1 he takes his helmet off in the (I really want to say sabre, but I know it was a different name in Halo 1). Aside from that, I had trouble ending the chapter due to pressure from summer assignments and writing it at 3 in the morning, and it wasn't the best way to end it now that I look back on it :P.

