Pretty Little Liars FanFic (Series) - Page 2

Author: freepostage

*026*2013-08-12 00:05

Thank you guys! I will keep posting and if you have requests on PLL characters, desperation/wetting types, outfits or anything else pertaining to this series feel free to message me or leave a comment here and I'll see what I can do. :)

*029*2013-08-12 19:07

{{:

That's happened to me before. i have learned to work in Word first, and save periodically as alternate versions, so whatever i'm doing is not subject to a single unwary keystroke. Your stuff is too good, so i hate to hear that anything got lost because of a silly mistake, but it does happen. Using Word, then copy/pasting the final version here works pretty well for me, although i am an OCD-driven compulsive editor of my own work, even after i post !

}}

I've been typing everything up in a draft in gmail ever since I deleted that one. It's okay, the second version turned out better :-p

*031*2013-08-14 00:27

Chapter 7: Happy Pretty Little Liars day to those fans who tune in! Warning, there is some bondage and restraining in the following chapter.

While Aria was enjoying her wet evening with Jake, Spencer laid awake in bed feeling quite lonely and sexually frustrated. Glancing at the glaring blue numbers on her alarm clock, Spencer sighed loudly, knowing she wasn't going to be able to fall asleep anytime soon. Toby had been out of town working on business deconstructing an A theory with Caleb and trying to find out what other information he could detect about his mother's suicide. While Spencer didn't want to stop his important investigation that he was so passionate about, she really did miss him; his touch, his feel, his kiss, his body... She sighed again, tossing her long brown hair into her face, feeling an emptiness in her heart.

As though he felt himself being summoned, Toby suddenly sent Spencer a text message asking if she wanted to meet up at their special little spot in the woods, tucked away from anyone but the rabbits and birds. Her heart beating fast, Spencer replied quickly, and searched through her closet for an outfit that was both sexy, casual, and easy to get out of for gentle love making under the stars on top of wild flowers and leaves. Since they would likely be walking around in the woods, Spencer chose walking boots and high socks but still opted for a two- tone color block dress that would be easy to pull off over her head if things were to get hot and steamy.

Here is the outfit Spencer chose:

Spencer walked toward her car, a sparkly grin stretched across her cheeks as she drove toward their special spot in the woods of Rosewood. Always being fully prepared, she had packed a fleece blanket and a picnic consisting of a baguette, spreadable brie, mixed fruit, and a bottle of sparkling water with two champagne glasses. Finally pulling into the brush near where they planned to meet, Spencer texted Toby that she had arrived and glanced around, looking signs of his motorcycle. A text appeared on the screen of her iPhone that read "Meet me at the big tree around the corner, I have a surprise." Excited for whatever her lover might have in store, Spencer carefully climbed out of her car and balanced the picnic basket, following the incline of the trail someone had paved out years ago. She reached the tree and looked around, not seeing any sign of her boyfriend, his motorcycle, or what might be his surprise.

"Toby?" Spencer yelled, walking behind the tree, taking careful steps to avoid the naked roots beneath her feet. Suddenly a masked figured dressed in all black garb blindsided Spencer and forcefully tackled her to the ground, the picnic basket's goodies spilling out onto the ground. "TOBY?!" Spencer screamed, hoping for a rescue from her prince in shining leather as she struggled against the strength of the masked figure above her. Fighting back with elbows and fists, Spencer gargled as a black glove tightly gripped her throat and a rag reeking of chemicals was shoved into her face. Holding in her breath as long as she could to avoid inhaling the chloroform, Spencer panicked and tried to pull the mask off the figure directly on top of her to at least reveal their identity. Not able to hold her breath anyone, Spencer sub commended to Red Coat's plan and finally took a breath in, inhaling the chemicals through her nose. Seconds later the world went black...

The room she was placed in was dingy and poorly lit, Spencer's head pounding harshly as she woke up and tried to recognize her surroundings. It took a moment before she realized she was tied tightly to a chair, her wrists knotted together behind a back with rope and her ankles together, the rope binding her legs to the legs of the chair. Her middle was also restrained by a rope snuggly knotted around her abdomen, Spencer's back tightly crushed against the metal chair. "HELP! HELP! HELP!!!!!!" Spencer screamed, her voice straining as she rocked the chair and pulled against the ropes, trying to break free of her restraints.

It was now obvious Toby's phone had been intercepted by A and she had been completely set up, now bound against her will in what looked like a warehouse of some sort. Her voice echoed off gray, dingy walls, the only things within Spencer's line of vision was a video camera placed on a tripod in front of her and what looked like a strange, messy shrine of pictures on a bulletin board of her the rest of the liars. Eyeing the bulletin board, she noticed in each one of the pictures her face was either cut out with scissors or blacked out with a permanent marker. Shuttering, she screamed out again: "Who are you?! Fucking show yourself, you goddamn coward!" If she was going to die, she at least wanted the sanctification of knowing who had been tormenting her and all of the people she loved for the past few years.

A figure walked out in the expected A garb; a black hoodie, black gloves, black pants, black shoes, and a mask; this time a mask of Emily's face. Spencer's stomach felt sour seeing Emily's features in mask form, realizing the sketchy man Emily had offered her face to for information was just as crooked as the girls had initially figured. He had surly wanted Emily's face for a reason other than her beauty, possibly running out of masks of Allison's face and needed more masks for A to wear.

The figure said nothing, even as Spencer shouted demands and insults. Instead, the figure pulled down a large projector screen, clipped it to a hook on the floor and walked off into the distance, completely disappearing from Spencer's sight. The screen lit up white and the following words appeared: "Hello, Spencer. You've been trapped so easily, not as clever as we thought, are we? Don't worry, you will leave unharmed if you cooperate. If not, you can join your friend detective Wilden in the ground." Shuttering at the words on the screen, Spencer wondered what her cooperation could possibly be and intended to do whatever A asked in hopes of being freed.

Minutes passed and the projector screen remained the same. Spencer's heart was pumping hard; she had no idea where she was, no one would realize she was missing until morning, and she didn't even know how long she was unconscious for. The screen cleared and new words appeared. "You look hungry, Spencer. You will eat now or suffer later, whichever you prefer." The figure appeared again, producing a 2 Liter bottle of Mountain Dew and a turkey and cheese lunchable. Wary to ingest anything from this devious person Spencer resisted at first, but she did notice all of the foods presented to her were pre-packaged and anything she would be force fed couldn't possibly be tampered with.

Deciding eating this snack was better than whatever torture might be set up for her, Spencer allowed the masked A minion to feed her the tiny crackers, choking on the large amounts of soda being poured down her throat. Halfway through the 2 Liter she felt bloated and wasn't thirsty at all, but A continued to pour the large bottle into her mouth, forcing the large amount of liquid into her stomach. Having no choice other than to swallow or drown, Spencer finished up the vast volume of carbonated liquid and watched again as the figure walked away, disappearing down a dark hallway. He/she returned again, this time holding a crumpled rag with the familiar scent of the chloroform wafting from it. Fighting against the gloved hand holding the soaked fabric against her face, Spencer again tried to resist but eventually instinctively inhaled, falling into the same blackness she had just recovered from.

Of course she had nothing to fear and while A had captured Spencer, Red Coat's only wishes were to have video footage of this beautiful, composed brunette losing control of her bladder. While Spencer had no idea this was the reason, Red Coat would much rather instill the fear of torture or possibly even worse in her lovely victim, keeping to footage more realistic and exciting. This might even create a better scene of desperation; a poor, frightened victim fearing her life with a bladder full of soda. The anticipation was nearly killing Red Coat as she watched Spencer slumber, her head cocked to one side as the liquid worked it's way through her body. Spencer came to eventually, but it had been almost an hour and a half since she had been rendered unconscious.

Aside from her pounding head, the first thing Spencer noticed was her full bladder, filled to the brim with the Mountain Dew she had been forced to drink. She attempted to shift in the cold, hard metal chair but couldn't find a comfortable position to alleviate the pressure of all of the liquid inside of her thin body. The way her legs were tied she was only able to press her thighs tightly together, not cross her legs as she would usually opt for in an emergency situation. The distraction of trying to figure out how to escape this warehouse in god knows where was keeping Spencer from worrying too much about her need, but the rope cutting across her mid-section certainly would not help keep her white and green apple bikini panties dry. They are pictured below:

Red Coat watched the live footage of Spencer as she struggled with the internal pressure of her expanding bladder as well as the anxiety of torture and possibly even death. Red Coat had no intention of hurting this gorgeous girl, at least not today. The mysterious blonde wasn't done playing with her toys yet especially since they were only growing to be more fun and tantalizing each day. Each fidget Spencer produced was delicious and arousing, her milky white thighs shaking as she fought to keep the flood inside.

Since an hour and a half had passed Spencer was holding about an impressive two liters of caffeinated liquid inside her bladder and Red Coat was sure there would be disaster quite soon. "Hello?" Spencer yelled, staring directly into the camera. "I need to pee! Very badly!" Her request was only met with silence, and Spencer sighed, pressed her thighs together tightly. Still not giving up she shouted again "Hello? Can you hear me? Will someone please let me up so I can use the bathroom?" Her verbal request was now met with new text on the projector screen, Red Coat grinning ear to ear as she typed her response.

The text on the screen read: "Oh no, dear Spencer, you cannot be let go. You're a flight risk and if I were to free you for just a moment you would certainly run. A big girl like you can hold her water, and if you can't, I assure you there will be consequences." Reading the threat glaring on the screen Spencer groaned in frustration but assured herself she could hold on for at least awhile longer. Why should she be punished for possibly wetting herself? It seemed like such an odd thing to be concerned about, especially since this warehouse looked long abandoned and the rusted metal chair was certainly no prized possession. A little bit of urine wouldn't ruin the decor or add any more unpleasant smells that weren't already existing.

Still, Spencer was fearing for her life and hyper aware each tiny movement was being recorded by the looming tripod only a few feet in front of her. Her bladder was throbbing now, fighting against the pressure of the rope pushing down hard against her lower abdomen. When she looked down her bladder was visibly swollen beneath her dress, the vast amount of pee threatening to explode any moment. Grinding her teeth, Spencer fought to keep control of herself even though it felt like a bolder was settled inside her bladder. Besides, she was a "big girl" and this situation was more important than disgracing herself; it might actually be life or death. Still, she longed to be able to bury her hand between her legs and clutch her crotch, relieving some pressure to help her hold on for a few minutes.

"You can do this" Spencer said to herself, breathing deeply and slowly releasing a ragged breath. "Please, please let me pee" Spencer begged, her voice shrill and desperate. "I won't run, I can go into a bucket right here tied to the chair if you will provide one, please!" Her words echoed across the bare walls of the warehouse, no response apeearing on the projector. "What do you want?!" she demanded loudly, squirming as her bladder continued to expand, her kidneys working over-time, pushing more pee into her bladder than Spencer's poor body could take. "Please, I'll tell you anything you want! Just let me go!"

Anxiously keeping her eyes on the screen, Spencer's stomach dropped as she saw the response: "I want nothing more than your company for one more hour. You stay dry and you will be freed, insuring you never breath a word of this to your little friends. I will know, and you will all be punished. If you stay silent and dry, you will be protected. If you get wet, your fate will be determined." Spencer grimaced, thinking this was such a strange challenge to keep herself from being in the face of danger. She also doubted that she should trust anything this psychotic stalker said, everything leading up to this moment only had only been a trap. Her company? Why would A want her company? What was the video camera for? What was she being held hostage to be kept from? Why did A have Toby's phone, was he possibly in danger?

The ever inquisitive Spencer couldn't stop her mind from racing but if what the screen had generously offered her was true she could take solace in the fact that A would possibly leave her alone for awhile. Squeezing her bladder muscles internally, longing to hold herself to keep back the flow, Spencer shouted "I accept your offer. One hour and I will be let go and be protected. If you are true to your word I will be true to mine." She chose her words carefully, trying to be obedient without showing too much fear. She was strong, she was respectable, and she was unbearably desperate!

Minutes ticked by as Red Coat watched with anticipation from her private room, feeling herself grow wet with a fluid that was certainly not pee as Spencer groaned and grimaced. She looked so tortured with red cheeks and sweat forming on her brow, the soda surely building quite the desperate bulge. Thinking back, Spencer hadn't used the bathroom before she left to meet "Toby" and wasn't even sure of exact time she last relieved herself.

God, could she use relief now, ever so badly and she didn't even have the option of deliberately peeing herself just to reduce the pressure. She was in such a desperate state anything would do to give her sweet relief; a bucket, a bottle, a toilet, the woods, a corner, absolutely anything or anywhere would be suitable at this point. While she was dying to just let go and be done with the bladder pain, Spencer didn't want to risk the consequences of wetting herself. This had to be some type of trick or trap, Spencer was sure of it, but the liters in her stomach kept her from being able to decipher the exact reason she was being held hostage here.

Studying the room, Spencer noticed her personal belongings had been dumped out of her purse and carefully organized into a straight line. Trying to keep her mind off of her painful, pulsating bladder, she continued scanning the room for any other oddities or clues to where she might possibly be. There was an old cobweb in the top right corner, a crack in the foundation of the wall directly in front of her, and the carcass of a dead roach only a few feet away from Spencer's Timberland walking boots. Where could she possibly be trapped? Not in Rosewood, surely she would have noticed such a large abandoned warehouse somewhere in her home town. Spencer's bladder suddenly spasmed and snapped her out of her inquisitive thoughts.

She was growing so desperate, the Mountain Dew sloshing into her bladder, building up in intensity with each passing second. She groaned, waiting for the spasm to stop, squeezing her muscles as tightly as she could to avoid allowing her bladder to spill over. Poor bound Spencer had so much inside of her and had woken up with an urge so painful and intense that she had to bite the inside of her lip hard enough to draw blood just to continue holding on. Glancing up at the screen revealed new text: "What's wrong, little girl? Can't hold on? You spill, I spill, and I have plenty of dirt on you and the one you love." Spencer took in a deep breath and tried to calm herself, telling herself that this hour would pass and she would finally be freed.

Doing her best to not imagine rushing outside and peeing against the sidelines of this warehouse, Spencer readjusted her body, her legs visibly shaking with the enormous effort. The ropes were cutting sharply against her wrists, legs, and bladder, leaving remaining red marks. She ached to hold herself between the legs, to sit on her heel, even to just cross her legs tightly but she had no means to help her hold on aside from mental will. Another spasm reeled through her full bladder, causing Spencer's tortured body to betray her and release a three second spurt, just enough to wet the crotch of her panties and reveal an audible hissing sound.

She gasped harshly, managing to stem the flow with the concentration and effort of her entire body and mind. It was so unbearably difficult to stop her strong flow and the urge seemed to have sky-rocketed once her body had started letting go. Fearfully she glanced up at the screen, sure Red Coat would notice her leak but thankfully there was not a new message waiting for the desperate Spencer. Relieved, or as relieved as she could be in that situation, Spencer tried to think of other things to hold on for just a bit longer but knew the end was very near.

Tears were forming in her big, beautiful brown eyes but Spencer fought to keep them dry, just like she fought to keep her cute cotton panties dry. She could feel the slight dampness against her crotch but from what she could tell nothing visible showed through on her dress, The text on the bright white screen appeared again, this time saying: "Very good, very good Spencer. Let's make things a little more interesting and see how well you can follow through." There was a pause before Spencer heard the oud sound of rushing water pouring through a set of speakers that she hadn't noticed when visually scanning the room. How had she missed these speakers lining the top of the warehouse walls? The sound was too tempting for her painfully full bladder and Spencer tried to hum loudly to block out the noise but the audio of rushing water was reminding her body what it felt like to let go.

As a child when she was potty training Spencer often did not want to use public restrooms and would refuse, occasionally ending in an accident due to her temper tantrum defiance. Her mother would turn the tap on full blast in the sink to encourage her to go and it would always push her over the edge, whether Spencer liked it or not. The same response was happening now and Spencer groaned as her bladder contracted and a stream of hot pee gushed out from between her legs, wetting her panties and pooling onto the metal chair. The camera placed directly in front of her captured the beginning of her accident and live streamed to directly to Red Coat whose eyes were glued to the screen. She was only a room away from this exciting accident but couldn't risk being identified to watch it in person. A live stream would have to do...for now.

Spencer closed her eyes tightly, trying with all of her might to not lose the definite battle. There was a joyous moment Spencer was remarkably able to stop her stream for about fifteen seconds and she was almost positive she had completely regained control, but just as suddenly as she stopped pee she started wetting herself again. The pee spurted out from her crotch with force, wetting the bottom of her skirt as it shot out, cascading onto the cement floor with a loud raining noise as the liquid hit the floor. Her stream echoed loudly as the swelling in her bladder shrunk, Spencer sighing with relief as her panties became completely soaked, pee generously flowing through the crotch of her panties, pooling around her ass, running down her legs, and dripping to the floor. When she was finally completely empty, she suddenly remembered that she had failed her only given task and stared up at the screen, expecting some type of negative response and harsh punishment.

Alas, Red Coat was far too busy pleasing herself with her hands to type up a response herself so a hooded figure was sent into the empty room with Spencer, wielding a sharp knife in his/her right hand. Seeing the knife glistening in the dim, flickering lights Spencer took in a deep breath and closed her eyes, worried for her life. How could she have not been able to last long enough to be freed and "protected?" Her stomach churned as the figure stepped closer, Spencer hearing each step and trying to brace herself for the stab of a knife.

Fortunately, the figure crouched down and simply sawed through the rope tied around Spencer's ankles and wet legs, then moved up to the ones tightly tied around her waist and wrists. Hesitating for a moment, Spencer watched astonished as the figure walked away down a long hallway, disappearing into the darkness without a single word. The screen remained blank; just a large white space in front of her eyes. Sensing her freedom, Spencer stood up quickly,causing the rest of the pee that was pooling under the backside of her dress to come pouring out onto the floor. She then broke into a full sprint, warm pee still dripping down her legs as she quickly abandoned the yellow puddle she had created on the cement floor.

*033*2013-08-14 05:23

Chapter 8: Warning, contains sexual content. This story is a follow up to Chapter 6. Just a shorter chapter before bed.

The elevator door continued to ding as Jake ran his hands up Aria's wet thighs, rubbing his fingers against the wet crotch of her panties. His erection was pressed hard against her and the aroma of her pee was strong, surrounding them as Jake dropped to his knees on the soaked carpet. Aria noticed the open elevator door and quickly pressed the close button and then the emergency stop to insure they wouldn't be bothered by other occupants. She was surprised by his positive reaction to her enormous accident but the combination of the relief of finally letting go of her full bladder and his obvious arousal was building up quite a bit of sexual desire of her own. Jake pulled Aria's soaked polka dot panties to the side and began to lick up the sweet drops of pee, still dripping off of her as Aria moaned in pleasure, arching her back and gripping handfuls of Jake's hair in her hands.

After a naughty, passionate fuck against the wall of the elevator, Aria redressed, cringing as the cold wet fabric of her panties and jeans stuck to her skin. She tied her black jacket around her waist in attempt to hide her soaked jeans and suddenly felt very exposed walking through the hallway of an upscale apartment complex in what was essentially a bra and wet pants. Grateful that they had reached his floor, Aria was greeted by an extremely lavish apartment, covered in expensive art, vases, electronics and even a vintage baby grand piano. She did everything within her power to not gasp; how could someone so young afford all of these perks?

"My sister is a pretty successful model" Jake quickly explained, pointing to a large black and white photograph of a beautiful woman tastefully nude, covered in white flowers in just the right places. "Her name is Olivia. This is technically her place but she has two bedrooms and is out of the country so often that she lets me live here for basically the cost of utilities just to keep an eye on the place." Aria was relieved that stunning woman wasn't an ex-girlfriend, or even a current girlfriend that Jake had forgotten to mention. "Here, follow me" he said, grabbing Aria's tiny hands and pulling her into a large master bedroom that was decorated with modern decor and frilly pillows. He opened a closet that was absolutely filled with lavish clothing that had to all be designer and cost more than her college tuition. Hannah would drop dead on the spot seeing this unbelievable collection of dresses, trousers, tops and lingerie!

"Pick something to wear and I'll toss your clothes in the wash. Feel free to pop in the shower as well" Jake said, walking off to put some tea on a kettle and put together a vegetable plate to eat during a post-sex movie. She felt odd wearing a stranger's designer clothing, but Aria didn't want to keep on these wet jeans so she peeled off the sticky wet clothing and climbed into the shower, scrubbing off all of the evidence of her accident with rose petal shower gel.

When Aria exited the hot steamy shower she riffled through the rack of clothing until she found something suitable for a comfortable evening on the couch. Olivia didn't seem to own any sweatpants and tank tops so Aria settled on a thin invory one shoulder Marc Jacob's dress that was so soft it must have been made of the most expensive fabrics. The dress was nearly see-through so after searching through a drawer of Olivia's undergarments Aria settled on a light colored set of Victoria's Secret bra and panties. She carefully removed the straps from the grey leopard print multi-way bra and slid on the boyshort panties, feeling a bit odd about wearing someone else's underwear.

Tying her wet hair up into a bun, Aria ventured out of Olivia's bathroom to find Jake freshly showered as well, only wearing a pair of black sweats with red checkered boxers peeking out the top. "Wow, you look great" Jake said, rising off the leather couch to embrace Aria in a hug. "I feel extremely under-dressed" he remarked, laughing as he kissed her on the forehead.

"Hey, your sister owns nothing that isn't glamorous! This was the most casual thing I could find" Aria rebutted, giggling at Jake's teasing. She had forgotten how wonderful it was to tease and flirt in a new relationship. It had been so long since she had been involved with someone that didn't involve so many complications. They curled up on the couch to watch a bootleg copy of the comedy "This Is The End" and Aria sipped her hot tea, leaning her head softly into Jake's chest. Unfortunately, the movie had only began about fifteen minutes ago and Aria was already feeling the need to pee. Surely she didn't need to go again this quickly, she had just completely exploded in the elevator, likely leaving a stain that would be difficult to remove.

Now, Aria wasn't desperate or anywhere near there yet, but she did notice the urge and was hyper-sensitive to her bladder's needs after having such an intense accident. She continued to snuggle into Jake's bare skin as he covered her with a blanket, both sipping their herbal teas and dunking veggies into ranch dip. Careful to not squash her bladder, Aria laid on top of Jake's side and continued to watch the film as the diuretic quickly refilled her weakened bladder. Each laugh caused a noticeable jolt in her lower abdomen, but Aria was enjoying the warmth of Jake's body and figured she could wait until the film was over.

The pressure was growing to such an amount that about halfway through she was uncomfortable enough to ask Jake to pause the movie so she could take a bathroom break. Aria was already walking toward the hall when Jake quietly said "Uhm...would you mind trying to hold on for awhile?" He bashfully looked down, then glanced up to gauge Aria's reaction. "Well..I mean..uhm...yeah, I can wait." she said, feeling kind of embarrassed and flustered being put on the spot like that. While she knew her accident had turned Jake on, she still wasn't used to the idea just yet. Returning to her spot, she now sat upright and crossed her legs tightly to relieve some of the pressure on her pee hole. Now aware that his gorgeous new girlfriend needed to pee, Jake felt a stirring in his sweat pants and was having a difficult time watching the movie and not the arousing show next to him.

Each little wriggle or change of position sparked Jake's attention and he dreamed of touching Aria's swollen bladder to feel how full it was beneath his warm hands. It really had not been very long since she last went but she was a smaller girl, it was very possible she just couldn't hold all to much or hold on for a very long period of time. While he really wanted to rub up against her bladder and press on it with his large palms, Jake had already made one strange request this evening and didn't want to test his luck. Besides, right next to him was a beautiful girl with creamy white skin, obviously needing to pee, rubbing her legs together beneath a flimsy practically transparent dress.

He couldn't gauge how badly she needed relief and didn't want to pry, but could tell she was filling up quite a bit because she was continuously uncrossing and recrossing her legs. Trying to focus on the movie, Aria couldn't help but recount the events in the elevator and wonder why her accident had been so arousing to Jake. Following that thought she wondered how long he expected her to wait before she could use the restroom. The end of the movie seemed like a likely end point but all of the pent up liquid from the water, energy drinks, and tea was hitting her bladder fast and she felt as though her urge was doubling every few minutes. Still in control but uncomfortable, Aria re-positioned herself so she could easily slip her bare heel into the crotch of the silky panties she had on and sighed feeling a bit more relief.

Suddenly the power went out, causing Aria the shriek with the surprise of the sudden darkness. Using the dim light on his cell phone to navigate a path to the kitchen, Jake brought back multiple candles that he lit and set around every surface of the living room. The wavering light was romantic and quaint, the silence both comforting and erotic. Obviously feeling the same stimulation, Jake pulled Aria into a passionate kiss, tasting the tea on her tongue as his hands ran up the front of her dress. She returned his kiss and moaned as he lightly kissed up her neck, breathing heavily into her ear, sliding his hands underneath the top of her dress toward her chest.

Forgetting about the pressure in her bladder for a moment, Aria allowed herself to get caught up in the moment. Before she knew it, Jake was on top of her, sliding her panties to the side and entering her gently. Her bladder was so swollen inside that him pushing inside made Aria wince in pain, remembering that she really needed to relieve herself. She considered stopping to pee but it seemed awkward at this point, especially since he had already asked her to wait. Besides, this wouldn't be the first time she needed to pee while having sex, this was just the first time she needed to go this urgently. Surely she could wait until after they were done exploring eachother's bodies.

Each stoke was pleasurable but sent a small shock of pain into her bloated bladder. Jake's body positioned top of her was putting even more unnecessary pressure on her full bladder, causing Aria to cringe and groan in pain. Pulling down the top of her dress, Aria unhooked the strapless leopard bra to allow Jake to caress and kiss her breasts. She moaned in pleasure as her kissed her bare skin, still moving inside her, their bodies flowing smoothly like a sail. The harder Jake thrusted the more Aria's bladder sloshed; she really felt like any minute she might pee all over her lover and more importantly the pricey piece of furniture they were fornicating on top of.

In one swift motion without pulling out Jake switched positions so Aria was on top, surprising her with his strength and grace. His hands grabbed firmly onto her hips as he helped guide her up and down, pulling himself deep inside of her. Aria felt the pressure in her abdomen grow and knew she was about to explode but didn't know if she was going to flood Jake's couch or have an incredible orgasm. Not wanting to destroy his sister's expensive dress with an accident, Aria fought to pull it over her head in time, the neckline getting caught on her hair. After a small, awkward struggle Aria was able to escape the confines of the designer dress, leaving her entire body exposed aside from the panties Jake had slid to the side.

One more deep pump and Aria was moaning in pleasure, throwing her head back and closing her eyes tightly. Her sharp nails gripped into Jake's tanned skin and she clawed at his chest as she reached climax, her body pumping endorphins through her blood stream. Her fantastic orgasm made it impossible to hold on to her pee any longer and Aria's bladder let go, saturating the leopard booty shorts and gushing through the fabric onto Jake's stomach. Feeling her hot pee pool onto his lower body Jake moaned, grabbing harder onto her hips and thrusting upward with all of his might. Her bladder continued to evict its contents and she groaned as her pee continued to shoot out, spilling across Jake's crotch and running off onto the leather couch. He finished very soon after Aria's bladder was completely empty and they both continued to lay in a wet heap, taking deep ragged breaths in the wavering candle light. This was going to be a start to a beautiful relationship, both of them could tell...

*035*2013-08-14 08:30

{{:

Oh, my, God. Keep it up!

}}

Will do! I'm currently working on one about Mona but it's getting a little long. I should have it posted within the next 48 hours. I'm on sleep medication right now and don't like editing anything while medicated.

*036*2013-08-14 23:00

Chapter 9: (contains sexual content)

This Chapter will involve Mona Vanderwaal, a once nerd that was transformed into a fashionable, popular beauty by her best friend Hannah. It was discovered Mona was part of the A team and she was sent off to Radley Mental Institution to be given medications for her psychotic break. She is not only beautiful, but has a surprisingly high IQ and was a valuable member of the A team. She was now considered "off" of the A team since Red Coat was no longer sure if she could trust Mona, but Spencer, Hannah, Emily and Aria still did not know if they could trust her completely either. She was at a point where she really did not belong anywhere.

Mona was growing bored, no longer a part of the A team to distract such an intelligent, sexy girl. She really didn't have any love interests at the moment and it had been quite awhile since she dated Noel. All of this spare time on her hands left her antsy for something both physically and mentally stimulating. She decided to make a dating profile on OkCupid, lie about her age a few years (she could pass for 22, couldn't she?) and lure some intelligent banker or doctor out on a date. She preferred to date older men, especially ones that may not know about her past she was infamous for in Rosewood. Instead, Mona made her profile stating that she would only meet men that lived in New York, preferably in the city, and was willing to make the travel arrangements to meet up with eligible bachelors.

She had played message and phone tag with multiple men, most of them just looking for a quick sexual encounter, but finally discovered a software engineer that lived in Manhattan. He was 26, handsome, intelligent, funny, and made enough money that he offered to pay for her round trip train ride, tickets to a Broadway show, and a luxurious hotel room in the city for her to sleep. Although Samson had a quite nice place of his own in the city, Mona appreciated that he had considered she may not trust him enough to want to stay at his place after one date. Mona arrived in the city and took the subway to the Hilton Samson had set her up in and from the looks of it this room really must have cost him a pretty penny. Set up on the pristine white table was a vase of lilies (he remembered her favorite), a bottle of champagne chilling in a bucket of ice, and a tantalizing tray of chocolate dipped strawberries.

Mona sent Samson a text, thanking him for the hotel room and all of the treats as she opened her suitcase and pulled out possible dresses to wear to the show. The Lion King on Broadway was being shown at Radio City and while she had heard great reviews, Mona had yet to be treated to such a special show. After indulging in a glass of champagne and a handful of strawberries, Mona chose an outfit and caught a cab to Murray's Cheese Bar to finally meet up with Samson. A little black dress is a girl's best friend, especially when paired with red patent heels and vintage waves. Right before leaving she decided it would probably be a tad chilly at Radio City and put on a pair of sheer black nylon tights, which clung tightly to her smooth, freshly shaved legs.

Mona's outfit without the tights can be seen here:

Underneath she wore a strapless black push up bra and red and black panties:

Mona carefully stepped out of her cab and Samson was patiently waiting for her on a bench, smartly dressed in a gray pinstripe suit with a silk purple tie. He recognized her immediately from her pictures and their occasional Skype sessions and excitably walked toward her, embracing this sexy brunette in his arms. Samson held the door of the restaurant open for her and they sat and ate exotic cheeses, Mona sipping red wine over stimulating conversation.

"Oh, we must leave soon or else we're going to miss our show" Samson exclaimed, They took a cab to Radio City and made it just in time to scoot inside the closing doors and wait for the show to begin. Mona had not gotten the chance to use the restroom since she left the hotel and felt a small need but figured at some point during a boring part she would be able to slip away to relieve herself. What Mona did not know was during certain Broadway performances such as The Lion King the doors are locked and no one can leave or enter the theater once the show has begun because some of the act is done within the aisles of the audience.

The show continued on and Mona was enjoying herself while Samson seemed to be enjoying his date. He couldn't take his eyes off her cleavage and was taking every second she was distracted to catch a whiff of her exotic perfume. By now Mona's need was growing considerably and the wine, water and champagne were beginning to fill up her bladder. She casually crossed her legs, not realizing the movement caused her dress to creep up her thighs a few inches. She shifted her weight and tried to enjoy the show, ignoring her bladder as it continued to fill with all of the fluids she had ingested. The singing giraffes and lions were becoming more difficult to concentrate on and while Mona certainly wouldn't consider herself desperate, she was very uncomfortable and debating slipping away to use the restroom in a few minutes. Her bladder was beginning to bulge and the tight black dress was pushing against her abdomen, making her urge feel significantly stronger.

Mona stood up to excuse herself when Samson grabbed her hand and gently pulled her back into her seat. "Where are you going my dear, are you alright?"

"Oh yes, I'm fine, just running off to powder my nose. I will only be a few minutes" Mona whispered, trying to keep her voice quiet. "If it isn't an emergency you can't leave, sweetheart. If you do, you'll be locked out until after intermission." Remaining in her seat, Mona groaned internally but her need wasn't that bad just yet and intermission would surely be coming up soon. She re-crossed her legs and held them together tightly, resting her head on Samson's shoulder as she waited out the time until she would finally be able to relieve herself. Her need really wasn't extremely urgent, she was just growing uncomfortable and wanted to beat the rush to the restrooms.

About twenty minutes later intermission was announced and the theater was chaotic with people fighting their way through the aisles to the concession stands and restrooms. Mona was definitely ready for a bathroom break and promised Samson they would meet eachother at the seats as she ventured onto the upper floor of Radio City. The problem with this venue is that is unbearably confusing to those that have never attended and the mob of people constantly in Mona's way was not helping her navigate toward the rest area. After walking in what felt like circles and practically being knocked over by a woman in a faux fur shrug, Mona found the sign for the woman's room and joined the impatient line of desperate women that were already waiting to use the facilities.

There weren't nearly enough bathrooms to accommodate the amount of people attending the theater and while Mona wasn't bursting yet, she did really want to relieve herself before returning for the second part of the show. She shifted her weight on her patent heels and watched the line slowly shrink in front of her as other women relieved their full bladders loudly into the toilet. An usher in a shiny red vest appeared and warned the woman that intermission was over in five minutes and anyone remaining outside the theater would be locked outside for the rest of the show.

Mona sighed and continued to wait for another three minutes, constantly glancing at her phone to keep track of the time, but there were still six women ahead of her in line. Sighing loudly, she reluctantly climbed the stairs and returned to her seat, unrelieved and increasingly more uncomfortable. Although she did quite badly want to stay and pee, it would be ridiculous to ruin her date over something so trivial. Besides, it would be embarrassing to explain to Samson that she couldn't hold her pee so she missed the last bit of their show to tinkle. It would appear so childlike and immature, especially when she was lying about her age and attempting to appear older and more mature.

Sliding back into her seat right before the doors were locked, Samson greeted Mona with a kiss on the cheek and handed her a large Coca-Cola and a paper cone of caramelized pecans. Smiling at Simon's touch, Mona accepted his offerings as the room turned dark and the second half of the show began. It was a fantastic performance and Mona was mostly distracted by the music and dancers, but her bladder was starting to feel claustrophobic beneath her pantyhose.

She began fidgeting in her seat and rubbing her thighs together, attracting Samson's wandering eyes. While he didn't think she had to pee, he was enamored by those gorgeous legs moving around quickly, thinking of all the delicious things he was yearning to do to her in their date went quite well. Carefully choosing his next move, Samson slid a hand onto Mona's thigh and kept moving it upward slowly, pausing as her reached the hem line of her short dress. She leaned toward him and they kissed passionately, ignoring the musical continuing around them. A couple next to them glared at their public display of affection but nothing was said to the pair as they pawed at each other in the dark.

While Mona was grateful for the distraction, the way her body was shifted really squished her bladder and wasn't helping her growing desperation. The kissing ended and she attempted to re-focus on the show but could only think about the water sloshing around inside of her. She felt as though there was a balloon expanding inside of her abdomen and clenched her muscles tightly, crossing her legs as she dreamed of ripping off her tights and panties, peeing furiously into the closest toilet she could possibly find. A spasm ripped through her body and Mona crouched forward, letting out a small groan and sliding a hand underneath her bottom into her crotch, trying to be as discrete as possible. Samson noticed her groan and movements.

"Dear, are you alright?" His blue eyes were grazing up and down her entire body, drinking in this classy, beautiful woman as she held herself tightly. "Oh, I'm fine, I just didn't get the chance to use the restroom on break and would really like to go." Mona was certainly under-exaggerating her need but didn't feel this was the appropriate moment to declare this was starting to become an emergency situation. The show just continued to drag on, and Mona's strained bladder continued to fill. Sweat began to form on her brow despite the chilliness of the theater, and Mona dug her fingers into her crotch, grateful for the dryness she felt on the smooth fabric of her panties and tights.

Finally the show ended and Mona was one of the first to stand up, hoping to quickly escape to the restrooms before they became crowded with other women that had been holding the entire show. As she stood in place Mona was hopping from foot to foot, not realizing how desperate she actually was until she was up right and no longer had the aid of her hand to help her hold on. Once the usher finally opened the doors Mona darted out, Samson following quickly behind her as they fought through a crowd of confused people up the stairs to the hallway where the bathrooms were cleverly hidden. Unfortunately, they had not managed to beat the mob of ladies and Mona groaned, looking at a long looming line of what had to be at least twenty women.

This would take a life time to get through and just the thought of having to hold on for a few more minutes was excruciating. Watching his date break into a somewhat discrete pee-pee dance, Samson hooked his arm into her's and suggested they go back to his apartment for her to use the toilet. He assured his date that it would only be a short trip on the L train, which would likely be much faster than waiting in this line.

Samson led his desperate date down the stairs and into the streets, hunting for the closest metro station to the theater. Mona was finding it difficult to navigate the city in her heels, trying to keep her thighs close together as she attempted to rush to the stairway of the subway. Finally finding a station, the couple impatiently waited for the train, Samson putting his arm around Mona as she began to fidget and desperately cross her legs. Her nylon tights rubbed together as she kept switching positions, mentally pleading for the train to hurry up and arrive.

Adhering to her wishes, the train loudly pulled into the station, opening up the metal doors to allow existing passengers to rush off and new ones climb in. Samson quickly found Mona a seat near the entrance which allowed her to sit down and cross her legs tightly, attempting to hold back the flood inside of her. She really did not want to hold herself in public, especially in front of her date, but cleverly mentioned to him that she was rather chilly. He gently removed his silk dress jacket and laid it across Mona's shoulders, which she immediately placed in her lap to hide her hands that were jammed into her crotch.

The subway ride was bumpy and each jolt threatened her unbearably full bladder. Mona held on for dear life, not sure how she would possibly stand up at the end of the ride and walk to Samson's place without completely losing control of herself. Each stop they passed caused Mona anxiety; all she desperately needed was relief and time was passing ever so slowly, teasing her with the possibility of peeing soon. Finally the train pulled into their stop and Samson delicately helped Mona up and across the threshold of the subway onto the platform. She cringed as her bladder dropped, the weight feeling like a bowling ball in her stomach. Just standing up caused a leak to escape her lips, but it was immediately soaked up by the crotch of her panties.

The next drop might not be so lucky, so Mona quickly followed Samson who silently led her through the city, his hands grasping her's firmly. Each step was unbearable and Mona was almost hobbling now, afraid to move any faster because she was sure she was about to pop. The unfortunate thing about Manhattan is there aren't very many public toilets to use, and while she scanned for one she knew her best chance was waiting until she arrived at Samson's place.

"Is it very much longer? I'm embarrassed to say, but this wine has really caught up to be and I need to go quite badly." Samson assured her it was only a few more blocks, but every step she felt in danger of an accident. He encouraged her that she could make it easily, but her stomach was sour with the idea that she might not reach his ritzy apartment as dry as she hoped. Stopping mid-crosswalk, Mona jammed both of her hands into her crotch in attempt to fight off a powerful spasm, the urge to go bringing tears to her honey colored eyes. Warm pee rushed into her hands, flowing downward creating a small river in the top of her shear tights.

Squeezing all of her muscles and pushing her fingers deep into her crotch, Mona managed to cut the stream and only allowed one more short spurt out before returning to her hobble, this time with one hand between her legs at all time. Her red panties were surely wet by now and looking down she could see a visible wet streak on the right thigh of her nylon. Blushing harshly, Mona was grateful it was quite dark out and for the most part pedestrians in NYC ignore anyone else passing by them.

Noticing her small accident, Samson grabbed Mona's hand harder and drug her between two buildings into an alley that looked as though it was probably occupied by a homeless man at some point. She was leaking regularly now and dancing on the spot, knowing she should pull down her tights and panties to crouch toward the alley's concrete ground but knew she couldn't let go with her hands. "Don't worry, no one can see you. Just go, my dear, it happens to everyone. I'm not one to judge." Tears running down her cheeks Mona snapped "I can't let go, I can't move my hands. I'm fucking wetting myself." Removing her hands from between her legs revealed a stream of pee running down her legs, her bladder finally giving way.

Unable to stop the stream, Mona lifted the hem of her dress up a few inches in attempt to protect the fabric, letting the warm pee fall onto the floor, loudly raining onto the ground. Samson moved forward and slid his hands up Mona's dress, hoping his help to removed her undergarments wouldn't offend her. He tugged at her wet pantyhose and managed to get them down mid thigh but couldn't remove her panties. She crouched down and peed forcefully into the alleyway through her red panties, the stream also soaking her pantyhose, so embarrassed to be disgracing herself in front of this handsome man that was practically a stranger. Hiding behind her dark hair, Mona squeezed out the last few drops, her urgent stream fading to a slow trickle. Finally relieved, Mona rose slowly, noticing that her pee had splashed onto the tops of her expensive red heels.

Mona hid her face with her hands. "You must think I'm disgusting. I'll go back to my hotel room now, thank you for the lovely evening." Mona said, completely humiliated. Samson pulled toward Mona and pressed her against the wall, kissing her so passionately it left her head spinning. Breaking the kiss gently he whispered warmly into her ear "You, my dear, could never do anything disgusting. Quit being silly and come back to my place. I will clean you up head to toe." True to his word, once Mona slid off her tights and panties, rolled them up into her purse, and entered his fancy apartment Samson pounced on top of her.

Carrying her to the stonewall fireplace, he clicked the automatic flame on and began kissing her neck, his tongue leading down into her supple cleavage. Working quickly, Samson slid his hands up Mona's dress and noticed the wetness on her crotch, a mixture of remaining pee and her arousal. Dying to be inside of her, Samson lifted the rest her dress up toward her belly, kissed gently up her thighs and pressed his face firmly into her crotch, inhaling the sweet aroma of her pee as he flicked his tongue across her clit. Mona groaned with pleasure and grabbed a fistful of his hair, gasping as she accidentally let a small spurt of pee out into Samson's mouth. If he was bothered he didn't say so, and her new lover continued to lap away happily, undisturbed by her recent accident.

*038*2013-08-19 03:38

Chapter 10: Just a quick one. Might be a spoiler for those not caught up on all previous episodes of season 4 of the show.

Emily Fields was feeling an enormous amount of guilt over stealing the keys to detective Wilden's apartment, especially since her mother was suspended from her job at the police station for "losing" important evidence The liars had broken into his apartment in search of clues but only found a box of rancid steaks resting on his kitchen table. A, their anonymous, all-knowing stalker had just sent Emily a text message stating "You crashed Wilden's place, I will send your world crashing down. -A" She sighed deeply, the overwhelming guilt making her feel queasy, her stomach sour and churning.

Deciding to take measures to calm her nerves, Emily padded down the stairs in her tight skinny jeans, pale blue tank top and beige blazer, noting that she must have put on some weight in the past few weeks. The tight, dark wash jeans cut into her hips slightly when only a few weeks ago they fit like a dream, appearing almost painted on to her curvy body. With an injured shoulder Emily was unable to swim or go to the gym, which was likely the culprit of her recent weight increase. She was still a thin girl but her clothes were cutting slightly into her abdomen, even her yellow and purple panties feeling a bit too snug. Emily's outfit and panties she was wearing are shown below:

Setting a kettle of calming Passionflower Tea on the stove, Emily nervously twirled her long brown hair in her fingers, trying her best to not dwell on the possibility of her mother losing her job because of Emily's actions. She didn't even want to think of A's written threat and what that text message possibly could mean. Despite that, her young heart was thumping hard against her chest, stress sweat moistening her arm pits. The loud, shrill whistle of the tea kettle startled Emily and caused her to jump slightly. Emily poured a large mug of tea for herself and swung open the freshly painted kitchen door to politely ask if her mother would enjoy a cup. Pausing in the doorway, Emily overheard her mother in an intense phone conversation with Emily's father, speaking in a hushed voice full of anxiety and panic.

Returning to her cushioned wooden seat in the kitchen, Emily sipped at her tea and felt the liquid's calming effect wash over her entire body. For those of you that are unfamiliar, Passionflower Tea is similar to Kava Tea but has a much sweeter, softer taste than it's slightly stronger counterpart. Both teas have been scientifically proven to ease anxiety and in some people they actually create effects similar to being high off of sedatives. Because Passionflower Tea is so sweet, Emily happily slurped away at her mug until it was empty, then refilled it immediately. She chugged down another glass quickly, thankfully feeling the warming, soothing effects as the tea settled in her stomach.

A natural diuretic, the tea soon found it's way from her stomach to Emily's bladder, filling it slowly like a water balloon. She noticed the jeans were beginning to squash her growing bladder and shifted uncomfortably in her seat as she waited for her second kettle of tea to finish brewing. Considering walking upstairs to make good use of the toilet (the downstairs bathroom was being renovated) Emily stopped again at the door when she overheard her mother's voice growing louder and louder. "I can't take out any more loans" Mrs. Fields shouted into the phone, her voice growing shrill.

"We can't afford to put Emily through college as is and if I lose my job we won't be able to make ends meet on just your salary." At the sound of her mother's panic, Emily felt awful, the calming effects of the tea seeming to wear off immediately. The only effect that remained was the fullness in her bladder but she refused to walk past her hysterical mother just to pee. Although her urge was building considerably, she could wait a few more minutes until her mother's intense phone conversation was over. After starting a second pot of Passionflower Tea, Emily sat back down at the kitchen table and crossed her legs tightly, noticing how much the tight jeans were cutting into her bulging bladder. She clenched her thighs together, squeezing her muscles as her bladder sloshed full of tea.

When the kettle whistled loudly again, Emily was now resorting to holding herself tightly between her legs. She wasn't so desperate that she couldn't keep the flood inside without a hand clamping her crotch, but the urge was growing quickly and the hand pressed hard against her pee hole provided some immediate relief. Rising carefully to not disturb her bladder, Emily poured herself another mug of tasty tea and leaned against the counter top with her legs tightly crossed as she drank, tapping her toes impatiently. At this point Emily was jiggling around frantically, getting in such a desperate position where she decided she would have to face her mother eventually, both to relieve her need and confess to stealing Wilden's apartment key. Cursing her tight skinny jeans, Emily left the kitchen and spotted Mrs. Fields curled up on the couch, her head in her hands, black hair covering her face.

"Mom, are you alright?" Emily asked gently, crouching down to her mother's level. She winced as the jeans cut into her bladder again and so badly wanted to rush upstairs to relieve her strong urge but knew she needed to comfort her mother first. "I'm fine, Emily, you don't need to worry about anything else right now" her mother said very quietly. Pausing before exiting the room, Emily leaned forward to kiss her mother on the cheek, feeling a sharp jab in her bladder as it sent an emergency signal to her brain. Using her muscles to squeeze off the sudden urge, Emily carefully turned to walk up the stairs to finally let out all of the pee surging inside of her.

Suddenly a car burst through their living room wall, traveling at least 40 mph! The car's horn was blaring loudly and the sudden explosion caused the wall's foundation to collapse like a gingerbread house. The deafening sound was shocking and chilling; causing Emily to shriek loudly and leap into the air. The sudden fright also caused Emily to lose control of her full bladder; the floodgates opening up as she froze in shock. Quickly shoving a hand into her crotch and bending forward, Emily attempted to stop the flow but it was absolutely no use. Hot piss rushed into her yellow panties, exploding down the crotch of her jeans and rushing to the floor.

The inner legs of her jeans darkened with the rush of pee, Emily's bladder deflating as she was frozen in place, both from fear and from the intense pleasure of relief. The butt of her dark jeans were completely soaked, drenched in poor Emily's warm pee. Small trickles of recycled pee still escaped her crotch until only a small dribble continued, a large puddle forming on top of the dusty wood floors. Emily looked down and internally remarked she was wetting her pants far too often for a woman of her age. Once the shock of her pee accident wore off Emily ran toward her mother, making sure she wasn't hurt before contacting the police. Too shaken up to think of anything but how A was destroying her life, Emily stayed in her wet jeans the entire time she gave the police her statement.

*039*2013-08-19 11:22

Chapter 11: This is a flashback Chapter but may also contain spoilers from the Pretty Little Lairs episode that aired on 08/13/2013. Warning, this contains some self harm.

CeCe Drake was introduced to the series two years after Alison's disappearance as an early twenties bombshell blonde that struck a striking resemblance to Alison in her looks, mannerisms, and personality. CeCe and Allison were extremely close prior to Alison's disappearance and CeCe knew multiple, intricate details about the liars, yet Aria, Hanna, Emily and Spencer had never heard of her until she moved back to Rosewood. According to Mrs. DiLaurentis, the relationship between her daughter and CeCe was obsessive, frightening and toxic.

Before Alison went missing, CeCe decided to pull a demented, deranged and absolutely insane prank on her best pal Ali. Cece was devious, tormenting and ruthless, much like Alison had always been. Perhaps these girls discovered their evil side together, trading trading secrets and personalities as simple as most friends swapped clothes. Pulling her red convertible into the nearly empty parking lot of Radley Mental Institution, CeCe quickly chugged two large, ice cold Monster energy drinks. She had decided if she was going to successfully convince the staff of Radley that she was off her rocker she needed to appear as anxious and manic as possible. Caffeine surging through her body, CeCe pulled a brand new sharp razor blade and Alison's stolen passport from her Coach purse.

Steadying her hands as much as possible, she pressed down on the blade and carved the initials "A.D." into her left wrist, wincing from the pain. Bright red blood immediately rose to the surface and CeCe smiled, carving the same initials into her right wrist, careful to press just hard enough to produce a steady stream of blood but not so deep to cause damage. Exiting her car dressed head to toe in Ali's clothes, CeCe entered the facility and marched up to the front desk, her pink heels clicking on the linoleum floor. "Hi" she said softly to the bored receptionist, her blue eyes wild with excitement.

"My name is Alison DiLaurentis and I need help." She carefully placed the bloody razor blade and Ali's passport on the table, presenting her bloody wrists as evidence that she was a harm to herself and possibly others. The outfit CeCe was wearing can be seen below, the mini dress's hem just grazing her upper thigh. Underneath she wore light blue panties with white lace trim and an under-wire lacy white bra:

Immediately admitted to the emergency holding area for underage patients (although CeCe was about 19 at the time), CeCe was tightly strapped into a cushiony white chair, her arms, legs, and ankles fastened in such a way that she would be unable to harm herself with her sharp acrylic nails. Her self inflicted wounds were cleaned and bandaged by a quiet orderly, the sting of the cleansing peroxide burning her sharp cuts. The orderly exited her room just as quickly as he came, leaving CeCe to eagerly wait for Mrs. DiLaurentis or Alison herself to arrive and discover her sick, twisted lie. She smiled to herself, thinking this had to be her most devious plan yet; Alison would likely be both proud and disturbed by such an elaborate lie. According to the clock on the wall, 45 minutes had passed since the blonde was admitted to the holding cell and Mrs. DiLaurentis still hadn't shown up to discover her "daughter" rotting away in the insane asylum.

The energy drinks she had so quickly ingested were working their way into CeCe's bladder, causing her to fidget and wish her legs had been restrained in such a way she was still able to press her thighs tightly together. Time was moving slowly but of course Alison's mother would need to leave work and drive all the way out to Radley. surely stuck in traffic and having difficulty rushing out of her office in such a hurry. The blonde stared at the white clock on the wall as it ticked in slow motion...two minutes passed...five minutes passed...ten minutes...fifteen. By now the energy drinks were definitely filling her bladder up considerably and the pressure in her abdomen was growing from uncomfortable to quite urgent.

The elastic waistband of CeCe's blue panties were pressing tight on her swollen bladder, causing panic to rise in the blonde's throat. No one had checked on her in and hour and a half now and she really, really needed to pee. CeCe was fidgeting constantly now, longing to be able to cross her legs, to sit on her heel, or to at least slip her hand underneath Ali's short dress and press hard into her crotch. The imposter gritted her teeth, her need becoming borderline desperate with each passing moment. The drinks were rushing into her bladder now at an unbelievable speed causing her stomach to swell significantly.

Had the orderly somehow forgotten about her? Surely patients would need to use the restroom at some point in their stay, why was no one returning to her blindly white room to check on her? CeCe yelled out for someone to enter the room, shouting that she badly needed the toilet, but her cries of desperation were only met with silence. She was certain she could hold on for just awhile longer without bursting but the discomfort of the constant fullness and pain was really getting to her. Would it really be so awful if she happened to wet herself? These weren't even her clothes she would be ruining, these weren't her underwear she would be soaking, and besides having an "accident" would only be more convincing to the psychiatrists that "Alison" was mentally deranged.

Deciding to put herself and her poor, overfull bladder out of misery, CeCe decided to deliberately wet her panties and create a giant, messy puddle on the floor. Trying her damndest to relax her muscles, CeCe impatiently waited for the first spurt of pee to wet her blue cotton panties but years of proper training had taught her body to only pee in a conventional toilet. She tried again, bearing down hard and thinking constantly of rushing water, but could only manage to produce one lousy two second spurt. She sighed, wanting the pain in her bladder to diminish and bore down one more time with high hopes of soaking the chair and flooding the room with the pent up liquid inside of her. To CeCe's dismay only a dribble escaped her pee hole, the rest of her urine trapped inside of her tortured bladder.

What could possibly help CeCe have a deliberate accident? If only she had a free hand to press hard on her bladder, but the restraints remained strong and no matter how hard CeCe pulled against the straps she couldn't break away.from the buckles. Thinking of rushing water, oceans, and waterfalls certainly wasn't helping, so CeCe thought back to the last true pee accident she witnessed. It was her prom night, senior year back at Rosewood High School. CeCe and her close friend Nori had spent hours curling their hair into ringlets and perfecting their makeup, sliding flawlessly into glamorous dresses that had probably cost their parents a fortune. Nori and her dress are pictured below:

Preparing for what would probably be an anti-climatic evening, CeCe had snuck a silver flask of vodka, a small baggie of cocaine and a bar of Xanax into the decorated gym, hidden at the bottom of her sparkly black evening clutch. Just as the girls had figured, their dates were absolute bores and Nori and CeCe were both hitting the flask hard, filling large red cups with juice and sneaking off to the bathroom to top their drinks off with generous amounts of vodka. After their fair share of booze and blow, Nori suggested they ditch their dates to go to a house party one of the seniors was throwing just outside of Rosewood. Snorting her last line of cocaine off the tank of the bathroom's toilet, CeCe decided she was the most sober and designated herself as the official driver of the evening. Not long into the short trip Nori started complaining about how badly she needed to pee, begging CeCe to pull over so she could hike up her glamorous dress squat on the side of the road.

"No way!" CeCe snapped. "There's cops like a motherfucker and like hell am I getting a DUI because you need to tinkle. Put a cork in it." Nori continued to moan and groan about her full bladder, both hands shoved into her crotch as she fought back the spasms of her overfilled bladder. "Please, CeCe, I'm wetting myself, you have to stop" Nori begged, feeling the first spurts of pee rush out of her silver lacy panties and pool beneath her butt onto CeCe's vinyl seats.

Hearing the unmistakable hiss of Nori's pee rushing into her lap, CeCe quickly pulled over onto the shoulder of the road while Nori desperately leapt ou of the car. Unfortunately, the way her dress was designed Nori wasn't able to squat down and let go of her full bladder without unzipping her entire dress and shimmying it up over her hips. With not enough time to struggle with her stiff zipper, Nori stood with her legs as far apart as she could and let go the rest of her full bladder onto the cement, the pee running down her legs and soaking the sides of her expensive dress.

That recollection of Nori's accident finally did it and CeCe felt her crotch grow warm as her pee soaked the crotch of her panties, the pooling piss wetting the back of Ali's dress. Warm pee shot urgently from her pee hole, darkening the crotch of her light blue panties as it spilled off the chair, raining loudly onto the white sterile floor. Her pee continued to flow rapidly, the warmth bringing a pleasurable tingle to her crotch that CeCe couldn't necessarily describe. She pushed out the last few spurts, feeling it run down the inside of her legs and land on the gaps of her peep toe heels. The relief CeCe felt was enormous, amazing, incredible. A devious grin sprouted on her face, knowing her accident would only make her appear even more mentally unstable. Just as CeCe finished her deliberate accident an orderly walked in with Alison's mother tailing directly behind her, both standing with their mouths agape for completely different reasons.

*041*2013-08-20 00:32

{{:

I'm writing in response only to the first chapter, because I haven't yet watched Pretty Little Liars and I know I will at some point - I think that if I read the next 10, I shan't be able to watch the TV show, because it will only be a disappointment by comparison to this incredible fanfic. I can't imagine watching it and finding that they don't wet themselves at any point! It's written so well and I utterly enjoyed it.

}}

Don't be too discouraged, I barely put in any spoilers and it's really a great show! Thank you for reading. :)

*042*2013-08-26 17:25

Chapter 12:

With her mother's recent release from jail, Hanna insisted they celebrate her return but there really wasn't all too much the Marins could do with the heavy blinking house arrest anklet that weighed down Ashley Marin's ankle. Deciding the warming weather was finally in their favor, Hanna slid on new pink bikini she purchased from Nordstrom and drug her despondent mother outside to soak up the sun. While Mrs. Marin took some pleading and convincing, once Hanna drug her outside she had to admit that she was truly enjoying the warmth of the spring sunshine. Excited to finally have her mother back at home, Hanna poured herself another tall glass of pink lemonade from the large glass pitcher and laid back in her plastic lawn chair, relaxing as she worked on perfecting her golden tan. Hanna in her pink bikini can be viewed below on the far left:

Pushing her Armani Exchange sunglasses up onto the bridge of her nose, Hanna poured herself another large glass of lemonade, making a mental note of how ridiculously hot it was outside. She had always longed for the refreshing splash of a reasonably sized backyard pool but unfortunately they didn't have enough room on their property to build such a luxury. "Oh well" Hannah thought, rolling over onto her stomach on top of her bright yellow 100% cotton towel. The pink lemonade wasn't as refreshing as a pool would be but it would have to do for now, even though the glass pitcher was almost empty.

Updating her Facebook status on her phone, the blonde heard the house phone ring sharply, snapping her out of the wireless world of social networking. "I'll get it!" Ashley Marin peeped, leaping up quickly, extremely grateful to remove herself from the blazing heat. A few minutes passed and her mother returned, proudly holding a second over-flowing pitcher of pink lemonade as she waltzed out onto the patio. Grateful for the sweet, tart liquid, Hanna chugged another two glasses and continued to lay on her stomach, slyly untying the back of her top in hopes of avoiding unattractive tan lines. The heat of the sun exhausting her thin, toned body, Hanna slipped into a deep nap, snoring lightly as a spattering of puffy white clouds floated by.

Waking up to the sound of her mother sneezing loudly, Hanna felt an inkling of a sunburn growing on her sensitive, creamy white shoulders. The next thing she noticed was her overfull bladder, squashed beneath the weight of her body. While she was sleeping soundly the lemonade must have worked it's way through her system as all the fluid filled up her bladder considerably. Noticing how intense the urge to pee was becoming, Hanna decided to trek inside and relieve herself with a long, much needed pee.

When she flipped over back onto her back her triangle cut pink top slid off her body and fell onto the ground. Gasping with surprise, Hanna blushed harshly, completely forgetting that she had untied her top prior to falling asleep. Retying the pink fabric to cover her bare breasts, Hanna rose and scurried to the back door, turning the knob hard. To her dismay, the knob didn't turn. How could the door possibly be locked? "Oh shoot, I must have locked it when I came back outside!" Ashley Marin said, noticing that they were both locked outside and were stranded on the patio.

Discretely crossing her legs and trying to mask her growing desperation from her mother, Hanna quickly walked around the house, wincing as the hot sidewalk burned the bottoms of her feet. She frantically tried every door to no avail, her urge growing as she realized relief was so close yet impossible. Returning to the stone deck patio, Hanna admitted out loud that she really needed to get inside the house to pee. Because of her mother's wise suggestion, Hanna knocked on their immediate neighbor's door in hopes they would have a spare key or at the very least a vacant toilet she could relieve her bulging bladder into. Unfortunately, no one answered Hanna's frantic knocks and she realized that she would forced to hold on until a locksmith would be able to rescue the two ladies. The locksmith quoted the ladies am arrival time anywhere from 15 to 45 minutes, but did mention it might take longer since he had two previous engagements.

The horrible thought of having to hold on for forty-five minutes or longer made Hanna's stomach churn. She was suddenly reminded of her drunken accident on Ezra's bathroom floor and felt her cheeks glow and grow hot from something other than the blistering sun. The blonde beauty refused to even acknowledge the possibly of another accident, especially in such a short time period. Besides, she was not completed wasted this time and a sober, respectable adult such as herself surely could hold on for a little while longer until the door was unlocked, couldn't she? It was absolute torture knowing relief laid just beyond the cherry wood doors, her need seeming to double each time she looked at them wistfully.

Trying to assure herself, Hanna laid back onto her lawn chair and crossed her legs together rather tightly tightly, noticing she could see a considerable swelling in her normally flat, toned belly. Even her navel ring was raised up much higher than she was used to, the metal glistening in the bright sunlight. Thinking back, she really had consumed a generous amount of lemonade and that amount of fluid would make anyone desperate to pee. "Why can't I just sweat this pee out?" Hanna thought to herself, deciding to Google that phrase to see if it was even scientifically possible. Unfortunately, the answers to her question weren't very reassuring and the only thing Hanna hoped for now was that the locksmith would arrive in a timely manner and unlock their doors. Each minute passed slowly and she couldn't believe that she had to piss like a race horse so suddenly.

In an attempt to take her mind off of her quickly growing desperation, Hanna attempted to engage her mother in a friendly conversation but to her dismay was met with short, cold answers. Her mother was extremely wrapped up in the murder case she was involved in but that was more than understandable. When your life is in the balance of crooked cops and suspicious jurors it's difficult to focus on anything normal. Even Hanna's thoughts drifted back to the upcoming trial and while she was internally fighting the urge to take a much needed, long pee, the fear for her family's future was rather distracting. Shoving headphones into her ears, the sexy blonde listened to Lady GaGa's new album that her boyfriend Caleb had (illegally) downloaded for her.

Trying to drown out her need to pee with catchy tunes, Hanna shifted in her lawn chair and changed positions, now crossing her smooth, freshly shaven right leg over the top of her left. When the blonde was certain her mother wasn't paying attention Hanna cautiously slipped a hand between her legs which helped some, but obviously wasn't going to be a permanent solution. Beads of sweat ran down her thighs to her calves and she wiped it up with a towel, inwardly wondering how much liquid that fluffy yellow beach towel possibly could hold. I mean, she couldn't just pee on a towel out here in the open right in front of her mother, could she? No, no, that would be far too juvenile for a girl of her age. Besides, the locksmith was on his way and she was positive she could make it inside to properly pee in a toilet.

Inhaling a deep reassuring breath, Hanna impatiently checked the time on her brand new iPhone 5. Twenty agonizing minutes had passed since her mother had called the pop-a-lock company yet the workman still hadn't shown up to save Hanna from her internal discomfort and ever expanding bladder. Each minute was now feeling like an eternity and creeping by slowly as Hanna crushed her sun-kissed together, anxiously glancing down the street any time a car happened to drive past. While Hannah wasn't extremely religious she was quietly praying for the locksmith to show up as fast as he possibly could, which really was something silly and trivial to pray for...but she really was growing to be that desperate! Her need seemed to elevate faster than she expected, the lemonade all settling inside her strained bladder and creating a firm, heavy ball in the pit of her stomach.

Softly poking at her bladder with her finger tips, Hanna winced at the pain but noticed how hard and swollen her bladder was beneath her skin. It wasn't possible for your bladder to burst from holding too long, was it? She really did feel as though she was about to explode right then and was hoping her extended hold wouldn't cause permanent damage. While embarrassing, at least her most recent accident was induced by alcohol and Spencer's cruelty; Hanna really wouldn't have much of an excuse if she were to wet her bikini now in front of her mother and any cars passing by. Oh, if only they had a pool in which she could immediately dive into and release her warm pent up pee into the cool, refreshing water. Even though she was sure her friends thought it was disgusting, Hanna would always secretly relieve herself into the pool instead of bothering to get out, dry off, and find a bathroom.

Where could this locksmith possibly be? She bitterly thought that he was likely just goofing around, drinking coffee and watching Youtube videos between jobs. Her time clock was beginning to run out and Hanna was now forced to slyly slide a hand between her legs on a minute to minute basis. Whenever she felt confident enough to let go of her crotch beautiful bombshell would immediately clench down on her pelvic muscles to hold back the immense pressure her pee was creating, the flood begging to be released. God, she craved a toilet so badly, why did she drink so much lemonade?

Looking at the clock on her phone it was now 3:58 PM and she hadn't relieved herself since she woke up, so no wonder she was practically breaking her neck! There was a large glass of orange juice with breakfast, two sodas with lunch, a bottle of water throughout the day and almost two pitchers of lemonade completely to herself. Honestly, she was surprised she had lasted this long without wetting herself and felt a little proud, but not reassured enough to not feel worried about her fate if this man didn't show up. The pee was sloshing around in her bladder with each small fidget; even taking a deep breath was growing uncomfortable.

Without warning, Hanna suddenly sneezed dramatically and a warm spurt of pee exploded into her pink bikini bottoms. Squealing loudly and attempting to hold back the inevitable flood, Hanna immediately shoved both of her petite hands deeply crotch, feeling the wetness as she attempted to stem the flow. Even though her bikini bottom soaked up some of the pee (thank God!), Hanna could feel the dampness against her fingertips. Her mother casually glanced over at her squirming, desperate daughter but tried to respectfully look away before risking even more embarrassment. It took about two minutes for Hanna to fully regain control but she finally managed to stop herself from leaking and remove her hands, depending only on tight muscles and her crossed thighs. Taking a deep breath, Hanna was relieved to see the bright white company van pull up into their driveway.

Not wanting to embarrass herself in front of a complete stranger, Hannah tied her yellow towel around her waist and pretended to come enamored with a butterfly fluttering past the side of the house. While the locksmith clumsily fiddled with his rusty tools and jiggled the knob, Hannah stood up slowly and felt the weight of her heavy bladder push down inside her body. "Just focus. Just focus, you can hold it. You can do it." Hannah repeated the mantra in her head, trying to believe the words while he bladder threatened to betray her. Each deep breath she closed her eyes, convincing herself that in a few precious minutes she would comfortably be in her own bathroom with her bikini bottoms around her ankles.

Standing behind a hibiscus bush on the corner of the patio, Hanna pretended to sniff the scentless flower while both of her legs were crossed. Her right hand was shoved into her crotch on top of her bright yellow towel and her left hand gently holding her swollen bladder. She danced frantically on the spot, fighting off the urge to explode as the lemonade, water, and Pepsi threatened to water her lawn. Dancing on the spot and hopping from foot to foot, Hannah let go of her crotch to wipe beads of sweat forming on her brow.

Biting her lip so hard she thought she might taste blood, Hanna reluctantly sat back down on her lawn chair and took the towel off of her waist. She discretely placed it beneath her and balled the towel up the best she could manage in a quick moment of immense desperation. The locksmith was clicking away and chatting up her mother, but still hadn't managed to pop the door open. Deciding she had no other option, Hanna began to pee urgently through her pink bikini bottoms onto the yellow towel. Her urgent, hot pee darkened the towel as it fought to soak up her amazing amountof pee.

Intense relief washed over her as her bladder continued to empty, her stream hissing loudly into the towel. She was only about half empty when the towel was no longer soaking up her pee successfully, urine audibly raining onto the stone of the patio below. The light colored stones of their deck darkened with Hanna's pee and she fought to stem the flow before the locksmith or her mother noticed that she was wetting herself. It really was not a choice at this point; this was an absolute emergency. Stemming the flow halfway through. Hahha tossed her soaked towel to the side and glanced around to make sure no one had caught her relieving herself.

Although she had let go about half of her bladder, letting go part way made it even more difficult to hold on for much longer. Certain her pink bikini bottoms were stained from the crotch to the butt, Hanna wished she had some source of water to spill on herself to make the darkness of her bottoms completely even, hiding her accident from any on-lookers. Recrossing her hot, tan thighs Hanna noticed some relief and took a deep breath, feeling so naughty for peeing deliberately into a towel. Granted, she had no other option and the towel was really her last resort. The bloating in her stomach had shrunk part way, although she still felt swollen and bloated. Over the span of the next ten minutes, Hanna noticed her bladder was immediately refilling with lemonade.

Surprised she needed to go so badly so suddenly after letting a decent amount out into the towel, she assured herself that she didn't let go her bladder fully the first time and her capacity was completely normal, if not above average. Wriggling in her lawn chair, Hanna finally decided she was completely done with trying to wait on this idiot to unlock their door. The pain and spasms rushing through her bladder was really just too much to bare/ Pretending to drop her phone into the grass, Hannah walked over to "pick it up" and crouched down, hoping it wouldn't be obvious to the outside world that she was peeing urgently through her bikini into the grass.

The warmth of her pee spread across her crotch as she peed hard, hearing the loud, obvious hiss of her pee as it splashed onto the ground and soaked the dirt. Hanna pushed her muscles as hard as she could, trying to wet through her bikini bottoms as fast as possible. Alas, her pee continued on and on, causing Hanna to blush as she tossed her short blonde hair in front of her face. She was completely certain that anyone passing by would be able to see the yellow stream erupting from her crotch onto the ground. Panting, Hanna felt the last of her pee pour out of her and now only felt small spurts and drips leaking from her pink bikini bottoms. Still dripping, she stood up, feeling wet droplets snake down her leg. The crotch and bottom back of her bikini were noticeably darker than the rest of her bikini but she was finally relieved.

While Hanna tried to figure out a way to hide her obvious accident her mother called out "Hanna, the door is open! Come inside, you can pee now." Just a little bit too late, Hanna thought to herself.

*044*2013-08-27 08:15

Chapter 13: Warning: Longer story and involves a small amount lesbian sexual content.

In this chapter I want to introduce Jenna Mashall, who is a long-time enemy of the Hanna, Aria, Alison, Spencer and Emily. Before Alison had gone missing, she insisted that Toby, Jenna's stepbrother, was peeping at the group of girls through his bedroom window while they were changing clothes. As revenge, Alison proposed that all of the liars throw a stink bomb into the garage of Jenna and Toby's home. The stink bomb malfunctioned and the garage lit up in flames, injuring Jenna and causing her to become blind. Once she was eligible, Jenna received a surgery that allowed her to be able to see again if the surgery was successful. She is also being terrorized by this Red Coat/A character.

Jenna woke up to sunlight streaming through her window, throwing hot rays onto her face, illuminating the shininess of her dark brown hair. She opened her eyes slowly and smiled, grateful that she was finally able to see daylight again. Being blind was such a lonely experience, especially when she so vividly recalled what it had been like to see the beauty of nature and the ugliness of her father's collectible antiques. Reluctantly rolling out of bed, Jenna glanced at her faulty alarm clock in panic, realizing she might be late for her college orientation at Chestnut Hill College.

Although it was warm outside, Chestnut Hill was a conservative Catholic college and she didn't want to risk her chances by wearing anything too sexy or revealing. Besides, orientations like that tend to blast air conditioning to such a low degree she would most likely want her arms and legs fully covered. The orientation slip she had received in the mail said expected attire was only casual so she chose a black and grey sweater on top of black camisole with tight, light wash skinny jeans and patent leather black flats. Underneath she wore a cotton white and pink lace push up bra with pink and white giraffe patterned cotton cheeky panties. Her outfit and underwear are shown below:

Her very close personal friend, Shana, was driving her to orientation and would likely be knocking on her door at any moment. A picture of Shana and what she was wearing this day is pictured below:

Rushing to brush her teeth, comb her hair, and apply a light layer of mascara, Jenna padded down the stairs just as Shana impatiently rang the doorbell for the third time. Crawling into the passenger seat of the silver vehicle, Jenna greeted her favorite gal pal with a kiss on the cheek and was rewarded with a piping hot thermos of coffee. Accepting the thermos gratefully, Jenna sipped at the caffeine and enjoyed the smooth, relaxing ride up to Chestnut Hill.

About ten or fifteen minutes into the long trip Jenna realized she had failed to have her usual morning pee while she was attempting to rush. She wasn't close to desperate by any means, but there was obvious discomfort in her bladder reminding her of her stupid, careless mistake. Shana offered Jenna her spare hand and Jenna accepted, allowing Shana's smooth skin to rub gently against hers as their fingers intertwined. Jenna was eternally grateful to have someone to look after her, especially since her deteriorating eyes were soon likely to leave the world black again. Shuttering at the unfortunate inevitable, Jenna continued to gulp at her coffee, not bothering to think of the consequences the caffeine might have on her bladder.

Their car climbed the smooth hills that led to the highway and Jenna was lost in her own world, enjoying the sight of the trees that were absolutely green with life. She now noticed the growing pressure in her bladder and debated admitting to Shana that she needed to pee. While it certainly wasn't an emergency by any means, Jenna could feel the fullness and decided her first stop when they arrived at the college would be the washrooms. Of course, while Jenna was certain Shana would pull off on an exit to locate a rest area or a gas station with a subpar bathroom, Jenna had never been fond of public bathrooms. It was a necessity at times to pee in public but she usually reserved this for emergency situations and would only use spotlessly clean bathrooms. A young lady such as Jenna wouldn't be caught dead inside a porta-potty or crouching without shame on the side of the road.

Even though she hadn't peed in over twelve hours and was adding more liquid to the mix, Jenna was used to holding on for significant periods of time. The highschool bathrooms were not up to her high standards and nearly every day she would hold her full bladder until she got home for sweet relief. She usually only went into the restroom at school to wash her hands or reapply lipgloss. There was one unfortunate school day she convinced herself during sixth period that she would surely make it back to her house if she willed herself to hold on. To her dismay, Jenna was mistaken and right on her door step while she was knocking helplessly for Toby to open the door (he had skipped school that day) she started to uncontrollably wet her tights and underwear. Luckily that day she was wearing a dress so when she sped past Toby to the bathroom he was none the wiser.

Shana's silver Camry pulled into the college parking lot and the girls anxiously hunted for an open parking spot to park. Jenna cursed herself for forgetting to bring along her handicapped tag as they weaved in and out of endless lanes of parked cars. They circled the crowded parking lot for almost twenty minutes before Shana finally found a proper spot to park. Taking a mental picture of where they had parked for future reference, Shana looped her arm in Jenna's and led her toward to closest entrance.

"Wait" Jenna said, glancing around through her dark sunglasses, trying her best to locate a woman's room sign. "I need to pee before we go in." Always her knight in shining armor, Shana asked an employee where the restrooms were, only to receive the answer that the only working ones in that building were three stories up. Orientation was about to begin and tardiness would not be tolerated, at least that's what was stated on a sign near the entrance of the assembly hall. While Jenna really did need to pee now, she was confident in her holding ability and didn't want to risk her chances with this school. She was more than ready to get out of the horrible town of Rosewood and Chestnut Hill had offered her an 100% scholarship based on her disability. Jenna wouldn't allow her need to pee to jeopardize her chances at such a great opportunity.

The two young girls entered the auditorium and sat down in a middle row just in time for the doors to be locked and a tired, soft-spoken man to start speaking at the podium. It was the usual boring droning of a man in a suit that really didn't want to be speaking to a room full of freshman at eight in the morning. The first forty-five minutes crawled on and at this point Jenna's bladder was making itself extremely well noticed. Growing more uncomfortable, Jenna crossed her legs tightly and continued to listen to this poor man explain dorm room policies. Surely there had to be a break coming up soon, wouldn't there be? Her discomfort was becoming more than "I have to pee" and quickly crossing into the range of "I need to pee really badly."

She crushed her creamy white thighs together and clenched her muscles, knowing from past experience with her bladder that she could hold on. Jenna wasn't a stranger to a full bladder but she usually didn't have to hold her pee for such a long period of time. Shifting uncomfortably in her seat, Jenna couldn't find a position that took pressure off of her abdomen. Those tight skinny jeans were cutting into her swollen bladder, reminding her of all the pent up pee inside her from holding all night and tacking on a thermos of coffee. Her thermos was empty by now and the pee inside of her small body was making itself known. Jenna's bladder sent signals to her brain that she needed to find a bathroom quickly. She really was growing quite desperate.

Still confident in her holding abilities, Jenna pretended to scribble down important notes and flip through the college handbook that she had been handed out, but it was difficult to focus on much else than her bladder. She was shifting and wriggling so much in her chair Shana leaned in and whispered sensually into her ear "Are you alright, sweetheart?" Jenna nodded in response and wrote in her notebook "I could really use a bathroom right now." Grabbing Jenna's hand, Shana tried to comfort her desperate friend but encouragement and comfort wouldn't help Jenna's plight.

Over an hour and fifteen minutes of the orientation had passed and both of the girls were seriously counting on an upcoming break. While Shana wasn't as bad off as Jenna, she also needed to pee quite urgently. Her legs were crossed tightly and the elastic high waist of her floral panties were cutting into her bladder. Jenna's capacity was much stronger than Shana's and Shana was always a practical and cautious person. Any time she was leaving the house or a shop she would use the bathroom, even if she had been rather recently and didn't feel much of an urge. It was habitual for her to take regular pee breaks and her body had now gotten used to the constant relief. Now the duo were both wishing for a much needed break and wondering when one would officially be offered.

Finally, almost two hours after the orientation began, a fifteen minute break was announced. Jenna was eternally grateful since she felt like she was on the brink of exploding into her jeans and letting her warm pee drip down her thighs. Rushing to collect their important orientation papers, Shana and Jenna stood in the mobbed line of prospective students crowding around the exists. After an impatient urgent wait, the lovely ladies climbed three flights of stairs in an attempt to reach the closest bathroom before their short break was suddenly over. To their dismay, the bathrooms were swamped and a long line off urgent women snaked out into the hallway. There was no way Jenna and Shana would get their chance to pee on the third floor restrooms and it was out of the question for them to wait throughout the rest of the unbearably boring welcoming orientation.

Not sure what their other options could possibly be, Shana suggested they race downstairs and try a bathroom in another building. Arm in arm, the couple fled to building B and searched frantically for a bathroom sign. There wasn't a soul in the entire building as far as Shana and Jenna could tell, so not even a receptionist could help them navigate the unfamiliar building. After locating a map for the confusing four story building, Shana drug the desperate Jenna toward an open elevator. By now Jenna was blatantly dancing on the spot and digging one hand into her crotch, her need to pee elevating quickly. Jenna frantically pressed the correct floor number as she took deep breaths and tried to hold back the giant flood of pee inside of her.

Each floor caused Jenna to regret not taking the stairs; the old elevator taking an eternity to climb upward. There were extremely audible creaks as the elevator moaned and groaned while it traveled. Shana was torn between trying to hold back her own need and comforting her desperate female friend. Shielded from the view of anyone but Shana, Jenny jammed both hands into her crotch and leaned forward, frantically pee-pee dancing on the spot.

"Are you okay, baby?" Shana asked, knowing Jenna certainly was not okay.

"No, I'm not! I didn't have time to pee this morning and oh god it's so bad."

"You will make it, I promise, just one more floor and we are home free" Shana cooed.

"I'm not sure, I feel like it's getting too much to handle" Jenna spat out between deep, harbored breaths.

Jenna's need had doubled in such a short period of time that she was genuinely worried about making it to the bathroom. There was only one floor left and she would finally be able to plop down heavily on the toilet and let her bladder drain fully. Just dreaming of relief caused Jenna to lose a short spurt into her white and pink panties. She kept both of her hands shoved tightly into her crotch and was grateful she could only feel light dampness through her jeans. The old, unreliable elevator creeped upward until suddenly it stopped with a jolt and a heavy groan. "What the FUCK?!" Jenna shouted in frustration, tears forming in her eyes as she fought back the urge to just wet her jeans in the middle of the elevator. "Hm, it must be stuck between the floors. Don't worry, we will call the emergency line and be out of here in no time."

After that statement, Shana picked up the emergency phone and was promised a workman would be out within the next fifteen minutes. Praying that the operator's words were true, Shana hung up and started focusing on her own need. She really wasn't one to hold her pee well and she had also indulged in a large thermos of coffee and a cup of orange juice prior to their trip. She crossed her legs tightly and slid a hand between her thighs, pushing up on her pee hole to relieve some pressure. While Shana was fighting with her own bladder, Jenna hadn't peed in almost 16 hours and was beginning to lose the internal battle. In such a vulnerable state, Jenna bobbed up and down impatiently waiting for the elevator to be repaired. Tempted to squat down and create an enormous puddle on the floor, Jenna tried to pull herself out of that delicious fantasy. In no way could she possibly just pee on the floor of the carpet so blatantly.

After about seven more minutes of pee-pee dancing, crotch holding, fidgeting and an amazing amount of will-power, the elevator started moving again. The shock and jolt of the sudden movement caused Jenna to lose a two second spurt, leaving her hand slightly wet and darkening the crotch of her patterned panties. She was certain her leak could be seen through her jeans but that was the least of her worries. Once the creaky, old doors opened the girls urgently rushed across the corridor in hot pursuit of a bathroom. The pressure of her urine pressed against Jenna's pee hole and she knew she didn't have very long before it exploded out of her. Shana was practically dragging Jenna now as she hobbled along, but neither of the girls had a slightest clue where a restroom could even be. Finally turning a corner with the fantastic view of a Ladies Room sign, Shana was elated and pulled her desperate friend toward the door.

Unfortunately, it was too late for Jenna and she couldn't take a step without a spurt leaking out, followed by another spurt. "I'm wetting my pants!" Jenna admitted, knowing Shana wouldn't judge her for having an accident. Here she stood, only twelve feet from the bathroom, completely soaking her jeans. The first five seconds Jenna fought to stop the flow but it was to no avail. Removing her hands from her crotch, Jenna watched as the pee slowly poured out of her body. The hiss of her pee was loud enough for Shana to stop dead in her tracks and watch Jenna have a full blown accident.

The stream pouring through Jenna's panties and jeans strengthened and there was now a blossom of dark pee was forming on the crotch of her light wash jeans. A dark river of pee spread between her legs and the back of her jeans were completely soaked with an unbelievable amount of pee. Jenna stood still in shock, not believing that she was standing in a college campus completely wetting her pants. The relief was absolutely enormous and the Jenna was extremely grateful that the hallway was devoid of any people. Shana, on the other hand, made it inside the bathroom and peed loudly into the toilet, her stream splashing enthusiastically.

By now they had missed their orientation break deadline by almost twenty five minutes and Jenna had completely soaked jeans. How could she go back to the mandatory orientation in wet pants without dying of embarrassment? Feeling humiliated, Jenna entered the large handicapped stall and took off her soaked jeans and pink panties, wringing the soaking wet garments out in the sink. She attempted to dry her bottoms with the automatic hand drier but it would take hours to dry these jeans. Noticing the door to the handicapped stall was unlocked, Shana quietly let herself inside the small stall and hugged Jenna from behind, noticing Jenna's bare bottom felt cold and damp against Shana's dry pants.

Sinking down to her knees, Shana spread Jenna's legs and started lapping up the rest of her pee that was still dripping from her trimmed vagina. Although Shana hated that Jenna was likely humiliated by her accident, Shana found the entire ordeal rather cute and titillating. While she had never found desperation or accidents extremely sexy, Shana had never seen a live accident that wasn't by a child or an elderly person. Really, anything Jenna did was unbelievably sexy and Shana couldn't hold back her feelings any longer. Running her tongue along Jenna's wet, throbbing clit, Shana tingled with pleasure as she brought Jenna to an Earth shattering orgasm.

After calling the head of the admissions department and explaining their situation for missing the deadline (the elevator getting suck, not the sensual fooling around) the girls were allowed to return to orientation. To save the apple of her eye from any more embarrassment, Shana suggested a trade. Jenna stripped off her wet panties and jeans, handing them off to Shana as she did the same. The cold, wet fabric of Jenna's jeans was difficult to pull up and while Shana received some odd looks while walking around campus, she really didn't mind.

*046*2013-08-28 20:27

{{:

Okay, I just watched the current season finale (or mid-finale? whatever...) just because of these stories you're posting, which are terrific, I love them so much!

Anyway, I have a request to make if it's cool with you. Could you write a fear wetting story for Emily, stuck in that coffin (it's not much of a spoiler, don't worry guys)? I would be extremely grateful, it will really make my day.

Keep up the good work! You're the best!

}}

Sure can, that's a fantastic idea. If you ever have requests I am more than happy to fill them. Any panty preferences for her to be wearing?

*048*2013-08-29 09:13

{{:

I'd rather not say, you'll write it best I'm sure!

Keep in mind those red jeans she's wearing in the scene, I'll bet they can't hide wetness very well

}}

Excuse my grammar I took my sleep medication and am rather loopy.

I already pulled up a picture of Emily in that outfit from that episode, so that's perfect. I will come up with a treat for you so check back in the next few days for that story. If you have any more ideas let me know since I'm running out of them I don't mind going back a season or two for other situations that actually happened on the show that would make good desperation/wetting stories. I'll probably rewatch some older episodes myself to come up with flashback situations, I don't really like describing underage accidents but all the actresses are in their twenties so to me those girls aren't underage. It's also fun to keep it pretty realistic for those that do watch the show. I can't wait until their two hour Halloween episode because I'm going to write multiple kick ass chapters about that. I might even do last year's Halloween special too.

Thank you so much for reading, I really appreciate it. Writing about the show will also help me cope with waiting until the Halloween episode and the next season since this show is my guilty pleasure.

