Pretty Little Liars FanFic (Series) - Page 2

Author: freepostage

*038*2013-08-19 03:38

Chapter 10: Just a quick one. Might be a spoiler for those not caught up on all previous episodes of season 4 of the show.

Emily Fields was feeling an enormous amount of guilt over stealing the keys to detective Wilden's apartment, especially since her mother was suspended from her job at the police station for "losing" important evidence The liars had broken into his apartment in search of clues but only found a box of rancid steaks resting on his kitchen table. A, their anonymous, all-knowing stalker had just sent Emily a text message stating "You crashed Wilden's place, I will send your world crashing down. -A" She sighed deeply, the overwhelming guilt making her feel queasy, her stomach sour and churning.

Deciding to take measures to calm her nerves, Emily padded down the stairs in her tight skinny jeans, pale blue tank top and beige blazer, noting that she must have put on some weight in the past few weeks. The tight, dark wash jeans cut into her hips slightly when only a few weeks ago they fit like a dream, appearing almost painted on to her curvy body. With an injured shoulder Emily was unable to swim or go to the gym, which was likely the culprit of her recent weight increase. She was still a thin girl but her clothes were cutting slightly into her abdomen, even her yellow and purple panties feeling a bit too snug. Emily's outfit and panties she was wearing are shown below:

Setting a kettle of calming Passionflower Tea on the stove, Emily nervously twirled her long brown hair in her fingers, trying her best to not dwell on the possibility of her mother losing her job because of Emily's actions. She didn't even want to think of A's written threat and what that text message possibly could mean. Despite that, her young heart was thumping hard against her chest, stress sweat moistening her arm pits. The loud, shrill whistle of the tea kettle startled Emily and caused her to jump slightly. Emily poured a large mug of tea for herself and swung open the freshly painted kitchen door to politely ask if her mother would enjoy a cup. Pausing in the doorway, Emily overheard her mother in an intense phone conversation with Emily's father, speaking in a hushed voice full of anxiety and panic.

Returning to her cushioned wooden seat in the kitchen, Emily sipped at her tea and felt the liquid's calming effect wash over her entire body. For those of you that are unfamiliar, Passionflower Tea is similar to Kava Tea but has a much sweeter, softer taste than it's slightly stronger counterpart. Both teas have been scientifically proven to ease anxiety and in some people they actually create effects similar to being high off of sedatives. Because Passionflower Tea is so sweet, Emily happily slurped away at her mug until it was empty, then refilled it immediately. She chugged down another glass quickly, thankfully feeling the warming, soothing effects as the tea settled in her stomach.

A natural diuretic, the tea soon found it's way from her stomach to Emily's bladder, filling it slowly like a water balloon. She noticed the jeans were beginning to squash her growing bladder and shifted uncomfortably in her seat as she waited for her second kettle of tea to finish brewing. Considering walking upstairs to make good use of the toilet (the downstairs bathroom was being renovated) Emily stopped again at the door when she overheard her mother's voice growing louder and louder. "I can't take out any more loans" Mrs. Fields shouted into the phone, her voice growing shrill.

"We can't afford to put Emily through college as is and if I lose my job we won't be able to make ends meet on just your salary." At the sound of her mother's panic, Emily felt awful, the calming effects of the tea seeming to wear off immediately. The only effect that remained was the fullness in her bladder but she refused to walk past her hysterical mother just to pee. Although her urge was building considerably, she could wait a few more minutes until her mother's intense phone conversation was over. After starting a second pot of Passionflower Tea, Emily sat back down at the kitchen table and crossed her legs tightly, noticing how much the tight jeans were cutting into her bulging bladder. She clenched her thighs together, squeezing her muscles as her bladder sloshed full of tea.

When the kettle whistled loudly again, Emily was now resorting to holding herself tightly between her legs. She wasn't so desperate that she couldn't keep the flood inside without a hand clamping her crotch, but the urge was growing quickly and the hand pressed hard against her pee hole provided some immediate relief. Rising carefully to not disturb her bladder, Emily poured herself another mug of tasty tea and leaned against the counter top with her legs tightly crossed as she drank, tapping her toes impatiently. At this point Emily was jiggling around frantically, getting in such a desperate position where she decided she would have to face her mother eventually, both to relieve her need and confess to stealing Wilden's apartment key. Cursing her tight skinny jeans, Emily left the kitchen and spotted Mrs. Fields curled up on the couch, her head in her hands, black hair covering her face.

"Mom, are you alright?" Emily asked gently, crouching down to her mother's level. She winced as the jeans cut into her bladder again and so badly wanted to rush upstairs to relieve her strong urge but knew she needed to comfort her mother first. "I'm fine, Emily, you don't need to worry about anything else right now" her mother said very quietly. Pausing before exiting the room, Emily leaned forward to kiss her mother on the cheek, feeling a sharp jab in her bladder as it sent an emergency signal to her brain. Using her muscles to squeeze off the sudden urge, Emily carefully turned to walk up the stairs to finally let out all of the pee surging inside of her.

Suddenly a car burst through their living room wall, traveling at least 40 mph! The car's horn was blaring loudly and the sudden explosion caused the wall's foundation to collapse like a gingerbread house. The deafening sound was shocking and chilling; causing Emily to shriek loudly and leap into the air. The sudden fright also caused Emily to lose control of her full bladder; the floodgates opening up as she froze in shock. Quickly shoving a hand into her crotch and bending forward, Emily attempted to stop the flow but it was absolutely no use. Hot piss rushed into her yellow panties, exploding down the crotch of her jeans and rushing to the floor.

The inner legs of her jeans darkened with the rush of pee, Emily's bladder deflating as she was frozen in place, both from fear and from the intense pleasure of relief. The butt of her dark jeans were completely soaked, drenched in poor Emily's warm pee. Small trickles of recycled pee still escaped her crotch until only a small dribble continued, a large puddle forming on top of the dusty wood floors. Emily looked down and internally remarked she was wetting her pants far too often for a woman of her age. Once the shock of her pee accident wore off Emily ran toward her mother, making sure she wasn't hurt before contacting the police. Too shaken up to think of anything but how A was destroying her life, Emily stayed in her wet jeans the entire time she gave the police her statement.

*039*2013-08-19 11:22

Chapter 11: This is a flashback Chapter but may also contain spoilers from the Pretty Little Lairs episode that aired on 08/13/2013. Warning, this contains some self harm.

CeCe Drake was introduced to the series two years after Alison's disappearance as an early twenties bombshell blonde that struck a striking resemblance to Alison in her looks, mannerisms, and personality. CeCe and Allison were extremely close prior to Alison's disappearance and CeCe knew multiple, intricate details about the liars, yet Aria, Hanna, Emily and Spencer had never heard of her until she moved back to Rosewood. According to Mrs. DiLaurentis, the relationship between her daughter and CeCe was obsessive, frightening and toxic.

Before Alison went missing, CeCe decided to pull a demented, deranged and absolutely insane prank on her best pal Ali. Cece was devious, tormenting and ruthless, much like Alison had always been. Perhaps these girls discovered their evil side together, trading trading secrets and personalities as simple as most friends swapped clothes. Pulling her red convertible into the nearly empty parking lot of Radley Mental Institution, CeCe quickly chugged two large, ice cold Monster energy drinks. She had decided if she was going to successfully convince the staff of Radley that she was off her rocker she needed to appear as anxious and manic as possible. Caffeine surging through her body, CeCe pulled a brand new sharp razor blade and Alison's stolen passport from her Coach purse.

Steadying her hands as much as possible, she pressed down on the blade and carved the initials "A.D." into her left wrist, wincing from the pain. Bright red blood immediately rose to the surface and CeCe smiled, carving the same initials into her right wrist, careful to press just hard enough to produce a steady stream of blood but not so deep to cause damage. Exiting her car dressed head to toe in Ali's clothes, CeCe entered the facility and marched up to the front desk, her pink heels clicking on the linoleum floor. "Hi" she said softly to the bored receptionist, her blue eyes wild with excitement.

"My name is Alison DiLaurentis and I need help." She carefully placed the bloody razor blade and Ali's passport on the table, presenting her bloody wrists as evidence that she was a harm to herself and possibly others. The outfit CeCe was wearing can be seen below, the mini dress's hem just grazing her upper thigh. Underneath she wore light blue panties with white lace trim and an under-wire lacy white bra:

Immediately admitted to the emergency holding area for underage patients (although CeCe was about 19 at the time), CeCe was tightly strapped into a cushiony white chair, her arms, legs, and ankles fastened in such a way that she would be unable to harm herself with her sharp acrylic nails. Her self inflicted wounds were cleaned and bandaged by a quiet orderly, the sting of the cleansing peroxide burning her sharp cuts. The orderly exited her room just as quickly as he came, leaving CeCe to eagerly wait for Mrs. DiLaurentis or Alison herself to arrive and discover her sick, twisted lie. She smiled to herself, thinking this had to be her most devious plan yet; Alison would likely be both proud and disturbed by such an elaborate lie. According to the clock on the wall, 45 minutes had passed since the blonde was admitted to the holding cell and Mrs. DiLaurentis still hadn't shown up to discover her "daughter" rotting away in the insane asylum.

The energy drinks she had so quickly ingested were working their way into CeCe's bladder, causing her to fidget and wish her legs had been restrained in such a way she was still able to press her thighs tightly together. Time was moving slowly but of course Alison's mother would need to leave work and drive all the way out to Radley. surely stuck in traffic and having difficulty rushing out of her office in such a hurry. The blonde stared at the white clock on the wall as it ticked in slow motion...two minutes passed...five minutes passed...ten minutes...fifteen. By now the energy drinks were definitely filling her bladder up considerably and the pressure in her abdomen was growing from uncomfortable to quite urgent.

The elastic waistband of CeCe's blue panties were pressing tight on her swollen bladder, causing panic to rise in the blonde's throat. No one had checked on her in and hour and a half now and she really, really needed to pee. CeCe was fidgeting constantly now, longing to be able to cross her legs, to sit on her heel, or to at least slip her hand underneath Ali's short dress and press hard into her crotch. The imposter gritted her teeth, her need becoming borderline desperate with each passing moment. The drinks were rushing into her bladder now at an unbelievable speed causing her stomach to swell significantly.

Had the orderly somehow forgotten about her? Surely patients would need to use the restroom at some point in their stay, why was no one returning to her blindly white room to check on her? CeCe yelled out for someone to enter the room, shouting that she badly needed the toilet, but her cries of desperation were only met with silence. She was certain she could hold on for just awhile longer without bursting but the discomfort of the constant fullness and pain was really getting to her. Would it really be so awful if she happened to wet herself? These weren't even her clothes she would be ruining, these weren't her underwear she would be soaking, and besides having an "accident" would only be more convincing to the psychiatrists that "Alison" was mentally deranged.

Deciding to put herself and her poor, overfull bladder out of misery, CeCe decided to deliberately wet her panties and create a giant, messy puddle on the floor. Trying her damndest to relax her muscles, CeCe impatiently waited for the first spurt of pee to wet her blue cotton panties but years of proper training had taught her body to only pee in a conventional toilet. She tried again, bearing down hard and thinking constantly of rushing water, but could only manage to produce one lousy two second spurt. She sighed, wanting the pain in her bladder to diminish and bore down one more time with high hopes of soaking the chair and flooding the room with the pent up liquid inside of her. To CeCe's dismay only a dribble escaped her pee hole, the rest of her urine trapped inside of her tortured bladder.

What could possibly help CeCe have a deliberate accident? If only she had a free hand to press hard on her bladder, but the restraints remained strong and no matter how hard CeCe pulled against the straps she couldn't break away.from the buckles. Thinking of rushing water, oceans, and waterfalls certainly wasn't helping, so CeCe thought back to the last true pee accident she witnessed. It was her prom night, senior year back at Rosewood High School. CeCe and her close friend Nori had spent hours curling their hair into ringlets and perfecting their makeup, sliding flawlessly into glamorous dresses that had probably cost their parents a fortune. Nori and her dress are pictured below:

Preparing for what would probably be an anti-climatic evening, CeCe had snuck a silver flask of vodka, a small baggie of cocaine and a bar of Xanax into the decorated gym, hidden at the bottom of her sparkly black evening clutch. Just as the girls had figured, their dates were absolute bores and Nori and CeCe were both hitting the flask hard, filling large red cups with juice and sneaking off to the bathroom to top their drinks off with generous amounts of vodka. After their fair share of booze and blow, Nori suggested they ditch their dates to go to a house party one of the seniors was throwing just outside of Rosewood. Snorting her last line of cocaine off the tank of the bathroom's toilet, CeCe decided she was the most sober and designated herself as the official driver of the evening. Not long into the short trip Nori started complaining about how badly she needed to pee, begging CeCe to pull over so she could hike up her glamorous dress squat on the side of the road.

"No way!" CeCe snapped. "There's cops like a motherfucker and like hell am I getting a DUI because you need to tinkle. Put a cork in it." Nori continued to moan and groan about her full bladder, both hands shoved into her crotch as she fought back the spasms of her overfilled bladder. "Please, CeCe, I'm wetting myself, you have to stop" Nori begged, feeling the first spurts of pee rush out of her silver lacy panties and pool beneath her butt onto CeCe's vinyl seats.

Hearing the unmistakable hiss of Nori's pee rushing into her lap, CeCe quickly pulled over onto the shoulder of the road while Nori desperately leapt ou of the car. Unfortunately, the way her dress was designed Nori wasn't able to squat down and let go of her full bladder without unzipping her entire dress and shimmying it up over her hips. With not enough time to struggle with her stiff zipper, Nori stood with her legs as far apart as she could and let go the rest of her full bladder onto the cement, the pee running down her legs and soaking the sides of her expensive dress.

That recollection of Nori's accident finally did it and CeCe felt her crotch grow warm as her pee soaked the crotch of her panties, the pooling piss wetting the back of Ali's dress. Warm pee shot urgently from her pee hole, darkening the crotch of her light blue panties as it spilled off the chair, raining loudly onto the white sterile floor. Her pee continued to flow rapidly, the warmth bringing a pleasurable tingle to her crotch that CeCe couldn't necessarily describe. She pushed out the last few spurts, feeling it run down the inside of her legs and land on the gaps of her peep toe heels. The relief CeCe felt was enormous, amazing, incredible. A devious grin sprouted on her face, knowing her accident would only make her appear even more mentally unstable. Just as CeCe finished her deliberate accident an orderly walked in with Alison's mother tailing directly behind her, both standing with their mouths agape for completely different reasons.

*041*2013-08-20 00:32

{{:

I'm writing in response only to the first chapter, because I haven't yet watched Pretty Little Liars and I know I will at some point - I think that if I read the next 10, I shan't be able to watch the TV show, because it will only be a disappointment by comparison to this incredible fanfic. I can't imagine watching it and finding that they don't wet themselves at any point! It's written so well and I utterly enjoyed it.

}}

Don't be too discouraged, I barely put in any spoilers and it's really a great show! Thank you for reading. :)

*042*2013-08-26 17:25

Chapter 12:

With her mother's recent release from jail, Hanna insisted they celebrate her return but there really wasn't all too much the Marins could do with the heavy blinking house arrest anklet that weighed down Ashley Marin's ankle. Deciding the warming weather was finally in their favor, Hanna slid on new pink bikini she purchased from Nordstrom and drug her despondent mother outside to soak up the sun. While Mrs. Marin took some pleading and convincing, once Hanna drug her outside she had to admit that she was truly enjoying the warmth of the spring sunshine. Excited to finally have her mother back at home, Hanna poured herself another tall glass of pink lemonade from the large glass pitcher and laid back in her plastic lawn chair, relaxing as she worked on perfecting her golden tan. Hanna in her pink bikini can be viewed below on the far left:

Pushing her Armani Exchange sunglasses up onto the bridge of her nose, Hanna poured herself another large glass of lemonade, making a mental note of how ridiculously hot it was outside. She had always longed for the refreshing splash of a reasonably sized backyard pool but unfortunately they didn't have enough room on their property to build such a luxury. "Oh well" Hannah thought, rolling over onto her stomach on top of her bright yellow 100% cotton towel. The pink lemonade wasn't as refreshing as a pool would be but it would have to do for now, even though the glass pitcher was almost empty.

Updating her Facebook status on her phone, the blonde heard the house phone ring sharply, snapping her out of the wireless world of social networking. "I'll get it!" Ashley Marin peeped, leaping up quickly, extremely grateful to remove herself from the blazing heat. A few minutes passed and her mother returned, proudly holding a second over-flowing pitcher of pink lemonade as she waltzed out onto the patio. Grateful for the sweet, tart liquid, Hanna chugged another two glasses and continued to lay on her stomach, slyly untying the back of her top in hopes of avoiding unattractive tan lines. The heat of the sun exhausting her thin, toned body, Hanna slipped into a deep nap, snoring lightly as a spattering of puffy white clouds floated by.

Waking up to the sound of her mother sneezing loudly, Hanna felt an inkling of a sunburn growing on her sensitive, creamy white shoulders. The next thing she noticed was her overfull bladder, squashed beneath the weight of her body. While she was sleeping soundly the lemonade must have worked it's way through her system as all the fluid filled up her bladder considerably. Noticing how intense the urge to pee was becoming, Hanna decided to trek inside and relieve herself with a long, much needed pee.

When she flipped over back onto her back her triangle cut pink top slid off her body and fell onto the ground. Gasping with surprise, Hanna blushed harshly, completely forgetting that she had untied her top prior to falling asleep. Retying the pink fabric to cover her bare breasts, Hanna rose and scurried to the back door, turning the knob hard. To her dismay, the knob didn't turn. How could the door possibly be locked? "Oh shoot, I must have locked it when I came back outside!" Ashley Marin said, noticing that they were both locked outside and were stranded on the patio.

Discretely crossing her legs and trying to mask her growing desperation from her mother, Hanna quickly walked around the house, wincing as the hot sidewalk burned the bottoms of her feet. She frantically tried every door to no avail, her urge growing as she realized relief was so close yet impossible. Returning to the stone deck patio, Hanna admitted out loud that she really needed to get inside the house to pee. Because of her mother's wise suggestion, Hanna knocked on their immediate neighbor's door in hopes they would have a spare key or at the very least a vacant toilet she could relieve her bulging bladder into. Unfortunately, no one answered Hanna's frantic knocks and she realized that she would forced to hold on until a locksmith would be able to rescue the two ladies. The locksmith quoted the ladies am arrival time anywhere from 15 to 45 minutes, but did mention it might take longer since he had two previous engagements.

The horrible thought of having to hold on for forty-five minutes or longer made Hanna's stomach churn. She was suddenly reminded of her drunken accident on Ezra's bathroom floor and felt her cheeks glow and grow hot from something other than the blistering sun. The blonde beauty refused to even acknowledge the possibly of another accident, especially in such a short time period. Besides, she was not completed wasted this time and a sober, respectable adult such as herself surely could hold on for a little while longer until the door was unlocked, couldn't she? It was absolute torture knowing relief laid just beyond the cherry wood doors, her need seeming to double each time she looked at them wistfully.

Trying to assure herself, Hanna laid back onto her lawn chair and crossed her legs together rather tightly tightly, noticing she could see a considerable swelling in her normally flat, toned belly. Even her navel ring was raised up much higher than she was used to, the metal glistening in the bright sunlight. Thinking back, she really had consumed a generous amount of lemonade and that amount of fluid would make anyone desperate to pee. "Why can't I just sweat this pee out?" Hanna thought to herself, deciding to Google that phrase to see if it was even scientifically possible. Unfortunately, the answers to her question weren't very reassuring and the only thing Hanna hoped for now was that the locksmith would arrive in a timely manner and unlock their doors. Each minute passed slowly and she couldn't believe that she had to piss like a race horse so suddenly.

In an attempt to take her mind off of her quickly growing desperation, Hanna attempted to engage her mother in a friendly conversation but to her dismay was met with short, cold answers. Her mother was extremely wrapped up in the murder case she was involved in but that was more than understandable. When your life is in the balance of crooked cops and suspicious jurors it's difficult to focus on anything normal. Even Hanna's thoughts drifted back to the upcoming trial and while she was internally fighting the urge to take a much needed, long pee, the fear for her family's future was rather distracting. Shoving headphones into her ears, the sexy blonde listened to Lady GaGa's new album that her boyfriend Caleb had (illegally) downloaded for her.

Trying to drown out her need to pee with catchy tunes, Hanna shifted in her lawn chair and changed positions, now crossing her smooth, freshly shaven right leg over the top of her left. When the blonde was certain her mother wasn't paying attention Hanna cautiously slipped a hand between her legs which helped some, but obviously wasn't going to be a permanent solution. Beads of sweat ran down her thighs to her calves and she wiped it up with a towel, inwardly wondering how much liquid that fluffy yellow beach towel possibly could hold. I mean, she couldn't just pee on a towel out here in the open right in front of her mother, could she? No, no, that would be far too juvenile for a girl of her age. Besides, the locksmith was on his way and she was positive she could make it inside to properly pee in a toilet.

Inhaling a deep reassuring breath, Hanna impatiently checked the time on her brand new iPhone 5. Twenty agonizing minutes had passed since her mother had called the pop-a-lock company yet the workman still hadn't shown up to save Hanna from her internal discomfort and ever expanding bladder. Each minute was now feeling like an eternity and creeping by slowly as Hanna crushed her sun-kissed together, anxiously glancing down the street any time a car happened to drive past. While Hannah wasn't extremely religious she was quietly praying for the locksmith to show up as fast as he possibly could, which really was something silly and trivial to pray for...but she really was growing to be that desperate! Her need seemed to elevate faster than she expected, the lemonade all settling inside her strained bladder and creating a firm, heavy ball in the pit of her stomach.

Softly poking at her bladder with her finger tips, Hanna winced at the pain but noticed how hard and swollen her bladder was beneath her skin. It wasn't possible for your bladder to burst from holding too long, was it? She really did feel as though she was about to explode right then and was hoping her extended hold wouldn't cause permanent damage. While embarrassing, at least her most recent accident was induced by alcohol and Spencer's cruelty; Hanna really wouldn't have much of an excuse if she were to wet her bikini now in front of her mother and any cars passing by. Oh, if only they had a pool in which she could immediately dive into and release her warm pent up pee into the cool, refreshing water. Even though she was sure her friends thought it was disgusting, Hanna would always secretly relieve herself into the pool instead of bothering to get out, dry off, and find a bathroom.

Where could this locksmith possibly be? She bitterly thought that he was likely just goofing around, drinking coffee and watching Youtube videos between jobs. Her time clock was beginning to run out and Hanna was now forced to slyly slide a hand between her legs on a minute to minute basis. Whenever she felt confident enough to let go of her crotch beautiful bombshell would immediately clench down on her pelvic muscles to hold back the immense pressure her pee was creating, the flood begging to be released. God, she craved a toilet so badly, why did she drink so much lemonade?

Looking at the clock on her phone it was now 3:58 PM and she hadn't relieved herself since she woke up, so no wonder she was practically breaking her neck! There was a large glass of orange juice with breakfast, two sodas with lunch, a bottle of water throughout the day and almost two pitchers of lemonade completely to herself. Honestly, she was surprised she had lasted this long without wetting herself and felt a little proud, but not reassured enough to not feel worried about her fate if this man didn't show up. The pee was sloshing around in her bladder with each small fidget; even taking a deep breath was growing uncomfortable.

Without warning, Hanna suddenly sneezed dramatically and a warm spurt of pee exploded into her pink bikini bottoms. Squealing loudly and attempting to hold back the inevitable flood, Hanna immediately shoved both of her petite hands deeply crotch, feeling the wetness as she attempted to stem the flow. Even though her bikini bottom soaked up some of the pee (thank God!), Hanna could feel the dampness against her fingertips. Her mother casually glanced over at her squirming, desperate daughter but tried to respectfully look away before risking even more embarrassment. It took about two minutes for Hanna to fully regain control but she finally managed to stop herself from leaking and remove her hands, depending only on tight muscles and her crossed thighs. Taking a deep breath, Hanna was relieved to see the bright white company van pull up into their driveway.

Not wanting to embarrass herself in front of a complete stranger, Hannah tied her yellow towel around her waist and pretended to come enamored with a butterfly fluttering past the side of the house. While the locksmith clumsily fiddled with his rusty tools and jiggled the knob, Hannah stood up slowly and felt the weight of her heavy bladder push down inside her body. "Just focus. Just focus, you can hold it. You can do it." Hannah repeated the mantra in her head, trying to believe the words while he bladder threatened to betray her. Each deep breath she closed her eyes, convincing herself that in a few precious minutes she would comfortably be in her own bathroom with her bikini bottoms around her ankles.

Standing behind a hibiscus bush on the corner of the patio, Hanna pretended to sniff the scentless flower while both of her legs were crossed. Her right hand was shoved into her crotch on top of her bright yellow towel and her left hand gently holding her swollen bladder. She danced frantically on the spot, fighting off the urge to explode as the lemonade, water, and Pepsi threatened to water her lawn. Dancing on the spot and hopping from foot to foot, Hannah let go of her crotch to wipe beads of sweat forming on her brow.

Biting her lip so hard she thought she might taste blood, Hanna reluctantly sat back down on her lawn chair and took the towel off of her waist. She discretely placed it beneath her and balled the towel up the best she could manage in a quick moment of immense desperation. The locksmith was clicking away and chatting up her mother, but still hadn't managed to pop the door open. Deciding she had no other option, Hanna began to pee urgently through her pink bikini bottoms onto the yellow towel. Her urgent, hot pee darkened the towel as it fought to soak up her amazing amountof pee.

Intense relief washed over her as her bladder continued to empty, her stream hissing loudly into the towel. She was only about half empty when the towel was no longer soaking up her pee successfully, urine audibly raining onto the stone of the patio below. The light colored stones of their deck darkened with Hanna's pee and she fought to stem the flow before the locksmith or her mother noticed that she was wetting herself. It really was not a choice at this point; this was an absolute emergency. Stemming the flow halfway through. Hahha tossed her soaked towel to the side and glanced around to make sure no one had caught her relieving herself.

Although she had let go about half of her bladder, letting go part way made it even more difficult to hold on for much longer. Certain her pink bikini bottoms were stained from the crotch to the butt, Hanna wished she had some source of water to spill on herself to make the darkness of her bottoms completely even, hiding her accident from any on-lookers. Recrossing her hot, tan thighs Hanna noticed some relief and took a deep breath, feeling so naughty for peeing deliberately into a towel. Granted, she had no other option and the towel was really her last resort. The bloating in her stomach had shrunk part way, although she still felt swollen and bloated. Over the span of the next ten minutes, Hanna noticed her bladder was immediately refilling with lemonade.

Surprised she needed to go so badly so suddenly after letting a decent amount out into the towel, she assured herself that she didn't let go her bladder fully the first time and her capacity was completely normal, if not above average. Wriggling in her lawn chair, Hanna finally decided she was completely done with trying to wait on this idiot to unlock their door. The pain and spasms rushing through her bladder was really just too much to bare/ Pretending to drop her phone into the grass, Hannah walked over to "pick it up" and crouched down, hoping it wouldn't be obvious to the outside world that she was peeing urgently through her bikini into the grass.

The warmth of her pee spread across her crotch as she peed hard, hearing the loud, obvious hiss of her pee as it splashed onto the ground and soaked the dirt. Hanna pushed her muscles as hard as she could, trying to wet through her bikini bottoms as fast as possible. Alas, her pee continued on and on, causing Hanna to blush as she tossed her short blonde hair in front of her face. She was completely certain that anyone passing by would be able to see the yellow stream erupting from her crotch onto the ground. Panting, Hanna felt the last of her pee pour out of her and now only felt small spurts and drips leaking from her pink bikini bottoms. Still dripping, she stood up, feeling wet droplets snake down her leg. The crotch and bottom back of her bikini were noticeably darker than the rest of her bikini but she was finally relieved.

While Hanna tried to figure out a way to hide her obvious accident her mother called out "Hanna, the door is open! Come inside, you can pee now." Just a little bit too late, Hanna thought to herself.

*044*2013-08-27 08:15

Chapter 13: Warning: Longer story and involves a small amount lesbian sexual content.

In this chapter I want to introduce Jenna Mashall, who is a long-time enemy of the Hanna, Aria, Alison, Spencer and Emily. Before Alison had gone missing, she insisted that Toby, Jenna's stepbrother, was peeping at the group of girls through his bedroom window while they were changing clothes. As revenge, Alison proposed that all of the liars throw a stink bomb into the garage of Jenna and Toby's home. The stink bomb malfunctioned and the garage lit up in flames, injuring Jenna and causing her to become blind. Once she was eligible, Jenna received a surgery that allowed her to be able to see again if the surgery was successful. She is also being terrorized by this Red Coat/A character.

Jenna woke up to sunlight streaming through her window, throwing hot rays onto her face, illuminating the shininess of her dark brown hair. She opened her eyes slowly and smiled, grateful that she was finally able to see daylight again. Being blind was such a lonely experience, especially when she so vividly recalled what it had been like to see the beauty of nature and the ugliness of her father's collectible antiques. Reluctantly rolling out of bed, Jenna glanced at her faulty alarm clock in panic, realizing she might be late for her college orientation at Chestnut Hill College.

Although it was warm outside, Chestnut Hill was a conservative Catholic college and she didn't want to risk her chances by wearing anything too sexy or revealing. Besides, orientations like that tend to blast air conditioning to such a low degree she would most likely want her arms and legs fully covered. The orientation slip she had received in the mail said expected attire was only casual so she chose a black and grey sweater on top of black camisole with tight, light wash skinny jeans and patent leather black flats. Underneath she wore a cotton white and pink lace push up bra with pink and white giraffe patterned cotton cheeky panties. Her outfit and underwear are shown below:

Her very close personal friend, Shana, was driving her to orientation and would likely be knocking on her door at any moment. A picture of Shana and what she was wearing this day is pictured below:

Rushing to brush her teeth, comb her hair, and apply a light layer of mascara, Jenna padded down the stairs just as Shana impatiently rang the doorbell for the third time. Crawling into the passenger seat of the silver vehicle, Jenna greeted her favorite gal pal with a kiss on the cheek and was rewarded with a piping hot thermos of coffee. Accepting the thermos gratefully, Jenna sipped at the caffeine and enjoyed the smooth, relaxing ride up to Chestnut Hill.

About ten or fifteen minutes into the long trip Jenna realized she had failed to have her usual morning pee while she was attempting to rush. She wasn't close to desperate by any means, but there was obvious discomfort in her bladder reminding her of her stupid, careless mistake. Shana offered Jenna her spare hand and Jenna accepted, allowing Shana's smooth skin to rub gently against hers as their fingers intertwined. Jenna was eternally grateful to have someone to look after her, especially since her deteriorating eyes were soon likely to leave the world black again. Shuttering at the unfortunate inevitable, Jenna continued to gulp at her coffee, not bothering to think of the consequences the caffeine might have on her bladder.

Their car climbed the smooth hills that led to the highway and Jenna was lost in her own world, enjoying the sight of the trees that were absolutely green with life. She now noticed the growing pressure in her bladder and debated admitting to Shana that she needed to pee. While it certainly wasn't an emergency by any means, Jenna could feel the fullness and decided her first stop when they arrived at the college would be the washrooms. Of course, while Jenna was certain Shana would pull off on an exit to locate a rest area or a gas station with a subpar bathroom, Jenna had never been fond of public bathrooms. It was a necessity at times to pee in public but she usually reserved this for emergency situations and would only use spotlessly clean bathrooms. A young lady such as Jenna wouldn't be caught dead inside a porta-potty or crouching without shame on the side of the road.

Even though she hadn't peed in over twelve hours and was adding more liquid to the mix, Jenna was used to holding on for significant periods of time. The highschool bathrooms were not up to her high standards and nearly every day she would hold her full bladder until she got home for sweet relief. She usually only went into the restroom at school to wash her hands or reapply lipgloss. There was one unfortunate school day she convinced herself during sixth period that she would surely make it back to her house if she willed herself to hold on. To her dismay, Jenna was mistaken and right on her door step while she was knocking helplessly for Toby to open the door (he had skipped school that day) she started to uncontrollably wet her tights and underwear. Luckily that day she was wearing a dress so when she sped past Toby to the bathroom he was none the wiser.

Shana's silver Camry pulled into the college parking lot and the girls anxiously hunted for an open parking spot to park. Jenna cursed herself for forgetting to bring along her handicapped tag as they weaved in and out of endless lanes of parked cars. They circled the crowded parking lot for almost twenty minutes before Shana finally found a proper spot to park. Taking a mental picture of where they had parked for future reference, Shana looped her arm in Jenna's and led her toward to closest entrance.

"Wait" Jenna said, glancing around through her dark sunglasses, trying her best to locate a woman's room sign. "I need to pee before we go in." Always her knight in shining armor, Shana asked an employee where the restrooms were, only to receive the answer that the only working ones in that building were three stories up. Orientation was about to begin and tardiness would not be tolerated, at least that's what was stated on a sign near the entrance of the assembly hall. While Jenna really did need to pee now, she was confident in her holding ability and didn't want to risk her chances with this school. She was more than ready to get out of the horrible town of Rosewood and Chestnut Hill had offered her an 100% scholarship based on her disability. Jenna wouldn't allow her need to pee to jeopardize her chances at such a great opportunity.

The two young girls entered the auditorium and sat down in a middle row just in time for the doors to be locked and a tired, soft-spoken man to start speaking at the podium. It was the usual boring droning of a man in a suit that really didn't want to be speaking to a room full of freshman at eight in the morning. The first forty-five minutes crawled on and at this point Jenna's bladder was making itself extremely well noticed. Growing more uncomfortable, Jenna crossed her legs tightly and continued to listen to this poor man explain dorm room policies. Surely there had to be a break coming up soon, wouldn't there be? Her discomfort was becoming more than "I have to pee" and quickly crossing into the range of "I need to pee really badly."

She crushed her creamy white thighs together and clenched her muscles, knowing from past experience with her bladder that she could hold on. Jenna wasn't a stranger to a full bladder but she usually didn't have to hold her pee for such a long period of time. Shifting uncomfortably in her seat, Jenna couldn't find a position that took pressure off of her abdomen. Those tight skinny jeans were cutting into her swollen bladder, reminding her of all the pent up pee inside her from holding all night and tacking on a thermos of coffee. Her thermos was empty by now and the pee inside of her small body was making itself known. Jenna's bladder sent signals to her brain that she needed to find a bathroom quickly. She really was growing quite desperate.

Still confident in her holding abilities, Jenna pretended to scribble down important notes and flip through the college handbook that she had been handed out, but it was difficult to focus on much else than her bladder. She was shifting and wriggling so much in her chair Shana leaned in and whispered sensually into her ear "Are you alright, sweetheart?" Jenna nodded in response and wrote in her notebook "I could really use a bathroom right now." Grabbing Jenna's hand, Shana tried to comfort her desperate friend but encouragement and comfort wouldn't help Jenna's plight.

Over an hour and fifteen minutes of the orientation had passed and both of the girls were seriously counting on an upcoming break. While Shana wasn't as bad off as Jenna, she also needed to pee quite urgently. Her legs were crossed tightly and the elastic high waist of her floral panties were cutting into her bladder. Jenna's capacity was much stronger than Shana's and Shana was always a practical and cautious person. Any time she was leaving the house or a shop she would use the bathroom, even if she had been rather recently and didn't feel much of an urge. It was habitual for her to take regular pee breaks and her body had now gotten used to the constant relief. Now the duo were both wishing for a much needed break and wondering when one would officially be offered.

Finally, almost two hours after the orientation began, a fifteen minute break was announced. Jenna was eternally grateful since she felt like she was on the brink of exploding into her jeans and letting her warm pee drip down her thighs. Rushing to collect their important orientation papers, Shana and Jenna stood in the mobbed line of prospective students crowding around the exists. After an impatient urgent wait, the lovely ladies climbed three flights of stairs in an attempt to reach the closest bathroom before their short break was suddenly over. To their dismay, the bathrooms were swamped and a long line off urgent women snaked out into the hallway. There was no way Jenna and Shana would get their chance to pee on the third floor restrooms and it was out of the question for them to wait throughout the rest of the unbearably boring welcoming orientation.

Not sure what their other options could possibly be, Shana suggested they race downstairs and try a bathroom in another building. Arm in arm, the couple fled to building B and searched frantically for a bathroom sign. There wasn't a soul in the entire building as far as Shana and Jenna could tell, so not even a receptionist could help them navigate the unfamiliar building. After locating a map for the confusing four story building, Shana drug the desperate Jenna toward an open elevator. By now Jenna was blatantly dancing on the spot and digging one hand into her crotch, her need to pee elevating quickly. Jenna frantically pressed the correct floor number as she took deep breaths and tried to hold back the giant flood of pee inside of her.

Each floor caused Jenna to regret not taking the stairs; the old elevator taking an eternity to climb upward. There were extremely audible creaks as the elevator moaned and groaned while it traveled. Shana was torn between trying to hold back her own need and comforting her desperate female friend. Shielded from the view of anyone but Shana, Jenny jammed both hands into her crotch and leaned forward, frantically pee-pee dancing on the spot.

"Are you okay, baby?" Shana asked, knowing Jenna certainly was not okay.

"No, I'm not! I didn't have time to pee this morning and oh god it's so bad."

"You will make it, I promise, just one more floor and we are home free" Shana cooed.

"I'm not sure, I feel like it's getting too much to handle" Jenna spat out between deep, harbored breaths.

Jenna's need had doubled in such a short period of time that she was genuinely worried about making it to the bathroom. There was only one floor left and she would finally be able to plop down heavily on the toilet and let her bladder drain fully. Just dreaming of relief caused Jenna to lose a short spurt into her white and pink panties. She kept both of her hands shoved tightly into her crotch and was grateful she could only feel light dampness through her jeans. The old, unreliable elevator creeped upward until suddenly it stopped with a jolt and a heavy groan. "What the FUCK?!" Jenna shouted in frustration, tears forming in her eyes as she fought back the urge to just wet her jeans in the middle of the elevator. "Hm, it must be stuck between the floors. Don't worry, we will call the emergency line and be out of here in no time."

After that statement, Shana picked up the emergency phone and was promised a workman would be out within the next fifteen minutes. Praying that the operator's words were true, Shana hung up and started focusing on her own need. She really wasn't one to hold her pee well and she had also indulged in a large thermos of coffee and a cup of orange juice prior to their trip. She crossed her legs tightly and slid a hand between her thighs, pushing up on her pee hole to relieve some pressure. While Shana was fighting with her own bladder, Jenna hadn't peed in almost 16 hours and was beginning to lose the internal battle. In such a vulnerable state, Jenna bobbed up and down impatiently waiting for the elevator to be repaired. Tempted to squat down and create an enormous puddle on the floor, Jenna tried to pull herself out of that delicious fantasy. In no way could she possibly just pee on the floor of the carpet so blatantly.

After about seven more minutes of pee-pee dancing, crotch holding, fidgeting and an amazing amount of will-power, the elevator started moving again. The shock and jolt of the sudden movement caused Jenna to lose a two second spurt, leaving her hand slightly wet and darkening the crotch of her patterned panties. She was certain her leak could be seen through her jeans but that was the least of her worries. Once the creaky, old doors opened the girls urgently rushed across the corridor in hot pursuit of a bathroom. The pressure of her urine pressed against Jenna's pee hole and she knew she didn't have very long before it exploded out of her. Shana was practically dragging Jenna now as she hobbled along, but neither of the girls had a slightest clue where a restroom could even be. Finally turning a corner with the fantastic view of a Ladies Room sign, Shana was elated and pulled her desperate friend toward the door.

Unfortunately, it was too late for Jenna and she couldn't take a step without a spurt leaking out, followed by another spurt. "I'm wetting my pants!" Jenna admitted, knowing Shana wouldn't judge her for having an accident. Here she stood, only twelve feet from the bathroom, completely soaking her jeans. The first five seconds Jenna fought to stop the flow but it was to no avail. Removing her hands from her crotch, Jenna watched as the pee slowly poured out of her body. The hiss of her pee was loud enough for Shana to stop dead in her tracks and watch Jenna have a full blown accident.

The stream pouring through Jenna's panties and jeans strengthened and there was now a blossom of dark pee was forming on the crotch of her light wash jeans. A dark river of pee spread between her legs and the back of her jeans were completely soaked with an unbelievable amount of pee. Jenna stood still in shock, not believing that she was standing in a college campus completely wetting her pants. The relief was absolutely enormous and the Jenna was extremely grateful that the hallway was devoid of any people. Shana, on the other hand, made it inside the bathroom and peed loudly into the toilet, her stream splashing enthusiastically.

By now they had missed their orientation break deadline by almost twenty five minutes and Jenna had completely soaked jeans. How could she go back to the mandatory orientation in wet pants without dying of embarrassment? Feeling humiliated, Jenna entered the large handicapped stall and took off her soaked jeans and pink panties, wringing the soaking wet garments out in the sink. She attempted to dry her bottoms with the automatic hand drier but it would take hours to dry these jeans. Noticing the door to the handicapped stall was unlocked, Shana quietly let herself inside the small stall and hugged Jenna from behind, noticing Jenna's bare bottom felt cold and damp against Shana's dry pants.

Sinking down to her knees, Shana spread Jenna's legs and started lapping up the rest of her pee that was still dripping from her trimmed vagina. Although Shana hated that Jenna was likely humiliated by her accident, Shana found the entire ordeal rather cute and titillating. While she had never found desperation or accidents extremely sexy, Shana had never seen a live accident that wasn't by a child or an elderly person. Really, anything Jenna did was unbelievably sexy and Shana couldn't hold back her feelings any longer. Running her tongue along Jenna's wet, throbbing clit, Shana tingled with pleasure as she brought Jenna to an Earth shattering orgasm.

After calling the head of the admissions department and explaining their situation for missing the deadline (the elevator getting suck, not the sensual fooling around) the girls were allowed to return to orientation. To save the apple of her eye from any more embarrassment, Shana suggested a trade. Jenna stripped off her wet panties and jeans, handing them off to Shana as she did the same. The cold, wet fabric of Jenna's jeans was difficult to pull up and while Shana received some odd looks while walking around campus, she really didn't mind.

*046*2013-08-28 20:27

{{:

Okay, I just watched the current season finale (or mid-finale? whatever...) just because of these stories you're posting, which are terrific, I love them so much!

Anyway, I have a request to make if it's cool with you. Could you write a fear wetting story for Emily, stuck in that coffin (it's not much of a spoiler, don't worry guys)? I would be extremely grateful, it will really make my day.

Keep up the good work! You're the best!

}}

Sure can, that's a fantastic idea. If you ever have requests I am more than happy to fill them. Any panty preferences for her to be wearing?

*048*2013-08-29 09:13

{{:

I'd rather not say, you'll write it best I'm sure!

Keep in mind those red jeans she's wearing in the scene, I'll bet they can't hide wetness very well

}}

Excuse my grammar I took my sleep medication and am rather loopy.

I already pulled up a picture of Emily in that outfit from that episode, so that's perfect. I will come up with a treat for you so check back in the next few days for that story. If you have any more ideas let me know since I'm running out of them I don't mind going back a season or two for other situations that actually happened on the show that would make good desperation/wetting stories. I'll probably rewatch some older episodes myself to come up with flashback situations, I don't really like describing underage accidents but all the actresses are in their twenties so to me those girls aren't underage. It's also fun to keep it pretty realistic for those that do watch the show. I can't wait until their two hour Halloween episode because I'm going to write multiple kick ass chapters about that. I might even do last year's Halloween special too.

Thank you so much for reading, I really appreciate it. Writing about the show will also help me cope with waiting until the Halloween episode and the next season since this show is my guilty pleasure.

