My summer of love (A fanfiction)

Author: Little Widow

*000*2013-05-04 23:09

Surprise! I decided I'd revive this story idea, but rework a few details! :) you're gonna love it, I know you will. ;) Enjoy it!

Chapter 1:

"I can't believe we're finally doing this!" Katie squealed as she closed the door to the backseat of her car. The day she was leaving with her boyfriend, Kendall Schmidt, to spend the summer with him and his friends at Carlos' beach house, had finally arrived.

"Me either!" Kendall said happily, wrapping his girlfriend in to his arms before kissing her.

"AHEM!" Katie's dad cleared his throat. He was perfectly happy with Kendall as long as there was no PDA in front of him.

"Oh Gavin!" Katie's mom chided, before pulling Katie in to a hug. "Wear sunscreen, call me every chance you get, and DON'T GET PREGNANT." Katie giggled at that, looking over at Kendall. "I love you K."

"I love you too Mama," Katie answered, squeezing her mother before hugging her dad. "I love you Daddy."

"I love you too," He said softly, glaring at Kendall over his little girl's shoulder before letting her go. "Now get going, you don't wanna hit traffic, okay?" Katie nodded, skipping to the driver side, Kendall slipping in to the passenger side silently, programming the GPS before they took off, Katie turning on some music.

"Your dad hates me you know," He chuckled once they were on the highway.

"He doesn't hate you, he's just upset I'm grown up and that I'm spending the summer with my steady boyfriend," Katie giggled. "He'll come around, I promise. And in the meantime, think about everything we're gonna do this summer!" Kendall nodded, faking a smile before leaning back in his seat, beginning to worry. He was hiding a rather deep and humiliating secret; his bladder was small, so he woke up almost every morning to a wet bed, as well as wetting himself during the day now and again. As excited as he was for the next three months, he was also terrified of sharing a bedroom with his girlfriend.

He stayed in his head for a while before Katie's phone rang, making him jump. The phone was synced with the car, so Kendall pressed the button on the display screen to answer it.

"Helloooo?" Katie answered happily.

"Hey," Logan yawned. "We're gonna stop at Starbucks at the next exit, you two wanna come?"

"Sure!" Katie answered. "Next exit?"

"Yup, we'll meet you there," Logan said before hanging up. Kendall chewed on his lip, knowing what coffee did to him, but he couldn't upset Katie, so he just leaned back, listening to her sing along to the song playing. She pulled off the highway and in to the parking lot, stopping the car and skipping over to the others. Kendall shuffled along behind everyone as they all filed inside.

"C'mere you," Katie said, dragging Kendall over to her, placing her small hand inside his. "What's up? You don't seem yourself this morning."

"Just sleepy," Kendall yawned. Katie nodded, placing her order before stepping aside for Kendall to add his on. They took theirs and went to sit with the rest of the gang, Carlos fully dishing out details about the house, surrounding amenities, local shopping, food.

"This is gonna be freakin incredible," Logan said, sipping his latte. Carlos beamed. Katie laid her head on Kendall's arm, since she was too short to reach his shoulder. Everyone talked idly before Carlos reminded them they still had a very long drive ahead of them. James nodded, walking back to his car, Carlos following Logan back to his truck. Katie looked up at Kendall expectantly.

"You go ahead, I'm just gonna go to the bathroom real quick," Kendall said softly, Kissing the top of his girlfriend's head. Katie smiled with a blush, nodding and walked back out to the car, digging through her collection of CD's until she found the one she wanted, loading it in to the player as Kendall got back in the car.

"Ready?" he asked happily. Katie nodded, and off they went.

*003*2013-05-06 00:08

Yup! This is a Big Time Rush fanfic. :P lol, I love feedback! Trust me, this is gonna be an AWESOME story. ;)

Chapter 2:

Katie smiled as they sailed down the highway, holding Kendall's hand. He enjoyed it, listening to the little girl sing along to the CD happily. About 11:45 James sent out a group text that he was stopping for gas. It was then Kendall realized the coffee had started to catch up with him.

"H-hey, could we maybe stop soon?" He asked shyly.

"Yeah, everything okay?" Katie asked, turning the music down.

"Yeah, just kinda need to pee," Kendall mumbled, blushing.

"Oh, yeah we can stop!" Katie assured him. "Can you make it thirty more minutes?"

"Yeah, sure," Kendall said, pretending to be confident. Deep down he knew he probably couldn't, but what could he do? They were on the innerstate, and that was probably how long it would take to get to the next stop. He sighed, settling in to the seat, squirming just a little. Katie turned on something a little more pop, to try and distract Kendall.

"We almost there?" He finally asked, pretty much potty dancing in his seat.

"Fifteen more minutes baby," Katie said, feeling bad for him. Kendall nodded, trying not to let it show. Katie chewed on her lip. She hoped Kendall could hold on, she knew how upset he'd be if he didn't. He was very fragile. Finally she saw an exit, and pulled over to take it.

"No!" Kendall said to himself. "No no no no no no..." He lowered his head in shame, beginning to lose the battle. Katie pulled in to the parking lot of the gas station but it was too late. Kendall's jeans flooded with warmth, spreading around to his bum and pittering on to the seat almost inaudibly. Kendall sobbed as he peed, Katie just rubbing his back, waiting until his river ran dry before speaking.

"Shh, baby it's okay," Katie said, sliding on top of the center console to wrap her arms around her boyfriend.

"I-I can't b-believe th-that just happened," He sobbed, leaning against his girlfriend.

"Shh, baby it's not the end of the world," Katie said. "It happens, it's not the end of the world. I'm not upset baby, its okay."

"B-b-but what about the seat?" Kendall whimpered.

"It can be cleaned, their scotch guarded anyways," Katie explained. "I'm not mad, I don't think any less of you, and I'm not gonna make fun of you or tell anyone else. This is our secret, okay?"

"Okay," Kendall sniffled, shivering from the air conditioning.

"Wait here, I'll get you some clothes," Katie said softly with a smile, crawling back over to her side and hopping out, grabbing what she needed. She came around to Kendall's side as he got out handing the clothes to him.

"We need gas while we're here?" He asked. Katie nodded, tying her jacket around the boy's waist to help conceal the worst of the accident.

"Take your time, okay?" Kendall nodded, walking in to the bathroom.

KATIE'S POV:

Poor Kendall. He had been so jumpy lately, and this was only gonna make whatever was going on worse. I sighed, surveying the seat in front of me. Nothing too bad, his jeans had unfortunately mopped up most of it. I sighed and dug the spill kit out from under the passenger seat. Normally I only had to use it when I had coffee and friends in the car at the same time. I'd only used it to clean up an accident that one time when me and my friends were meeting up with Kendall to go Christmas caroling and Rachel peed herself laughing. I giggled thinking back to it, using the shamwow, to grab what little liquid remained, then spraying the seat down and placing a towel over the seat until it dried on it's own. Kendall wandered back over then.

END KATIE'S POV.

"Hey you," Kendall said, wrapping his arms around Katie.

"Hey," She said, nuzzling in to his chest, too short to reach his neck.

"I love how short you are," He mused before pulling away and starting to pump the gas.

"You wanna get some food after this? I'm kinda hungry for something more than cheesy whales," Katie blushed.

"Sure, McDonald's okay?" Kendall asked. Katie nodded eagerly. "You are so cute, did you know that?"

"You might have mentioned it," Katie giggled. "You still want me to drive?"

"Nah, I'll take over," Kendall said with a smile. They got back and the car and headed off to find food.

*005*2013-05-11 15:54

Ugh. Compared to the other two this one isn't so great, but hey, every story needs a filler, right? :P It's awkward, and the end is kind of dark, but I think it's alright... Lemme know? :)

Chapter 3:

Katie looked out the window as they drove to the fast food joint, deciding to just park and go in.

"Mm, what do you want?" Kendall said, wrapping his arm around Katie protectively.

"Hm," Katie said sureveying her options. "That last one on the board." Kendall nodded, bending over to kiss her head gently.

"Got it," he whispered. He looked around at the people pointing and giggling.

"Ignore them," Katie said, leaning her head up against Kendall's body. She liked being so short, it meant he had to pick her up to show her true affection. He smiled, picking her up to peck her on the lips.

"I love how small you are," he whispered before setting her down.

"I'm not THAT small," Katie mumbled, blushing as she noticed her tummy sticking out a little.

"You're just the right size," Kendall said confidently, stepping up to order their food. He handed Katie their cups. "Get me some coke?" Katie giggled and nodded, skipping over to the soda machine, filling their cups before sitting down at a table closer to the back so they could be playful. Kendall came back over a few minutes later, setting their food down in front of them. They mumbled a quick prayer before digging in.

"So what are we gonna do all summer?" Kendall asked with some fries in his mouth.

"We should go on a TON of different adventures," Katie started. "We should go crazy! We could make crazy videos, taunt all the girls on twitter, dance around in our underwear but I have to check in once a week on the site just for some routine maintenance and a quick security and harassment sweep. Mikey's been so happy since we started that site."

Kendall just chuckled as she babbled on and on, commenting occasionally, happy he'd been able to get the shy little girl in pink bandanas to open up. "So what's new with the gang?" He asked.

"Oh the besties are working on preparing for college, Annie being Annie, nothing really new," Katie shrugged, finishing off her fries. Another accomplishment Kendall took pride in was her feeling okay eating in front of him. She still had trouble doing that in front of her friends without him. "Hey, did you pack those things I asked you to?"

"Yup, we are gonna make sweet, passionate love this summer," Kendall said as they stood up.

"I'll be right back," Katie said, starting to skip off merrily, but Kendall grabbed her wrist, stopping her.

"Where are you going?" He asked.

"Just to the bathroom," Katie answered hesitantly, knowing where he was headed with this.

"Show me your arms," He demanded gently. Katie slowly showed them to her boyfriend, nothing more than the same scars she always had on them. "Nothing in your pockets?" Katie shook her head. Kendall hugged her before letting go, smiling. Katie smiled back, walking off. Kendall waited patiently by the door, taking the girl's hands before they got back in the car, driving off to get to the time of their lives.

*007*2013-05-16 03:18

Alright, I am waaaay too nice to my characters. :P Alright, this one and the next are gonna be fillers, but then we get to some action. ;)

Chapter 4:

"Promise me something?" Katie asked as Kendall pulled back on to the highway.

"Anything," Kendall said, turning down the radio.

"Promise me next time you'll just stop," Katie begged.

Kendall blushed. "Okay," He mumbled. Katie smiled, turning the radio back up. She kissed the boy softly on the cheek, yawning sleepily. Kendall chuckled. "Rest." Katie nodded, grabbing her stuffed platypus from by her feet, snuggling in to her seat. Kendall smiled, switching the music off. He drove for a short bit before the soda caught up with him. He didn't want to stop, he was afraid of waking Katie up. But he also didn't want to have another accident. What would she think then? He sighed, pulling off at the first rest stop he saw. He went like that for two more hours, Katie sleeping until about three, never noticing when Kendall stopped.

"Hey sleepy," Kendall said, noticing the small girl waking up.

"Hi," Katie yawned, setting her platypus back down at her feet. She flipped the music back on, her phone cutting it off suddenly when Carlos called.

"Hellooo?" Katie answered.

"Hey, mandatory gas stop at the next exit okay?" he explained.

"Gotcha," The two occupants of the car answered together. They hung up, going back to the music. It wasn't long before they reached the exit, seeing Logan's truck following behind them, assuming James was behind the truck. They pulled in to the seven eleven, parking first in front of the convenience store. Logan dropped down from the truck while Carlos slid down from the passenger side.

"What's up?" Katie asked once they were all huddled up.

"Just a heads up, it's a gated community, so just call me when you finally get there, because they won't let you in without my permission, got it?"

"And that's the whole reason we had to stop?!" James asked.

"Hey Mary here needs gas!" Logan argued, petting his truck gingerly. Katie rolled her eyes. She needed gas too, but she was hungry. She grabbed a bottle of raspberry tea and some corn nuts before heading up front to pay for that and her gas.

"Boo!" Carlos shouted.

"Hey," Katie said with a small smile.

"Lexie can't wait for you to get there," Carlos said, examining the gum.

"A-Alexa's coming?" Katie stammered out. She always looked childish compared to her, and everyone always treated her like a little kid when Alexa was around.

"Yeah, she really wants to get to know you, especially after the secret ordeal at the label's Christmas party last year, when you had to leave early." They both shuddered at that. "Promise me you won't cut this summer? Please?" Katie nodded, looking at her fingers.

"I'm more prepared for publicity this time around, should there be any," She whispered.

"What're you guys whispering about?" Kendall said as he wrapped his arm around Katie.

"Oh just the fact Alexa's coming," Katie said, managing a weak smile. Kendall kissed Katie's hair softly. He knew how she felt around the other girl. They went back out to the car to pump the gas, Katie sliding back in to the driver's side.

"Relax," Kendall said as they pulled out of the parking lot. "I'm not gonna let them compare you to Alexa this time." Katie nodded, not really buying it. Kendall sighed, sliding the CD he'd made for her into the player.

*009*2013-05-16 13:18

{{:

:O

I'm so intrigued by your characters! Can't wait to see what happens next!!!

Xo

}}

I get the feeling you are enjoying this story. :) Thanks!

*011*2013-05-17 02:03

{{:

This may be good although last time you said it's more female than male, so what happened?

}}

I changed a few things around, but that's all I'm saying. It's amazing what you think of at 2 in the morning :P

*012*2013-05-18 17:12

Okay, just a warning, this may be slightly triggering. I detail what happens after a relapse during a flashback, and there is a LOT of blood mentioned. That warning said, other than that it's a rather sweet (Albeit awkward) chapter, it mostly- oh just read and find out for yourself! :)

Chapter 5:

Kendall slid the CD he'd made for Katie into the CD player, the song that always made her smile playing first.

"I don't know why you always get so insecure," He sang to her literally. "I wish you could see what I see, when you're looking the mirror." Katie smiled softly; she loved it when he sang to her.

"You always know how to make me smile," Katie said when the song ended, popping a few corn-nuts in her mouth. They drove for a while in silence, the music volume turned down. An hour later Katie pulled off the highway.

"Sorry," She mumbled, parking the car and leaving to pee. Kendall shrugged, stopping the car and going to pee too. They met back by the car and drove off.

"Hey, how much longer do you think until we get there?" Kendall asked.

"Well we just passed the Florida state line, so it shouldn't be much longer," Katie said, looking at her GPS. "Yeah, about two hours left." Kendall nodded with a smile.

"I can't wait," Kendall answered, stretching back in his seat. "So what are we gonna do tonight?"

"I thought it was assumed what we were gonna do tonight," Katie said flirtatiously.

"Mmm, for a virgin you're pretty bold," Kendall said seductively.

"I just want it to be magical," Katie smirked, remembering her childhood fantasies.

"It will be I promise," Kendall said, kissing his girlfriend softly.

They drove in silence for a while until they reached Miami. "Call Carlos for me please?" Katie asked, a little smile crossing her face. Kendall nodded, picking his phone up and dialing.

"Hey, we're almost there, where are you? Okay- Nope, we're good. Gotcha." Kendall hung up. "They're all there waiting, and so is Alexa."

"I don't hate her Kendall, but everyone treats me like a kid around her," Katie groaned.

"Well we're gonna show em different this time, okay?" Kendall said firmly. Katie nodded. "I won't let what happened last time happen again." Katie shuddered thinking back to that night, when everything changed....

FLASHBACK, KATIE'S POV:

"Katie?!" Carlos asked, incredulous. My arm was dripping blood, and even though I'd laid the blade down, I couldn't get the bleeding to stop. I looked up at him in tears.

"It won't stop," I sobbed. "Help."

"It's gonna be okay, I promise," Carlos said, hugging me and managing to get blood all over his shirt. "I'm gonna get Kendall, don't do anything, okay?" I nodded, still sobbing. Carlos came back in what seemed like an instant with my boyfriend, pain taking over his face as he looked at me.

"Let me see," He said, kneeling down next to me. I moved the cloth now stained forever with red, revealing the gash on my arm that seemed to be pouring my blood down my arm.

"I-i-it won't stop," I sobbed.

"Shh, we're gonna have to the hospital, but everything is gonna be okay, I promise. Do you trust me?" I nodded, letting Kendall scoop me up, trying not to ruin his shirt, but burying my head in his chest. Carlos threw his jacket around me, helping us sneak out, but I never took my eyes off Kendall. He never said anything but I love you's and it's going to be okay's. Never yelled at me, didn't say anything about his now bloodstained shirt. He wouldn't leave my side, cradling me as they stitched up my arm. Even when he took me home and made me tell my mom what had happened, he never left. That was the night I knew he loved me.

END FLASHBACK, KATIE'S POV.

"Okay," Katie said, winding down the street that their summer oasis waited on, "The house number is-"

"Found it!" Kendall shouted, seeing Logan's bright red truck in the driveway. Katie stopped the car and got out, stretching before James, Logan, Carlos, and Alexa all wrapped her up into a group hug.

"Okay I do need air," Katie squeaked. Everyone giggled before dispersing, going back to help unload.

"I'll take that," Kendall said, taking the guitar case from her hands.

"Oooo! You brought your guitar!" Carlos squealed. Katie rolled her eyes, smiling. She knew this was gonna be a rocking summer. (No pun intended: P )

*014*2013-05-19 18:50

Hm, Which do you think is better? Tons of views and no replies or lots of replies and not a lot of views? :P This one is in two parts, and while this one isn't very interesting.... you'll see why it's worth reading. ;)

Chapter 6:

Part 1

Katie pulled her stuff in to the living room with everyone else's bags, figuring they were going to have some sort of fight over rooms, Alexa and Carlos vying for the master.

"Hey, you and Kendall want the master?" Alexa asked Katie suddenly, making the girl jump.

"I-I-I thought you and Carlos had that room, no question," Katie stuttered.

"We thought it might be nice to change things up," Alexa explained. "Besides, it doesn't matter to me what room we sleep in, as long as we're together."

"And that boy STILL hasn't put a ring on your finger?!" Katie blurted out accidentally. "Sorry! I-I-I didn't mean-"

"You're fine!" Alexa said, wrapping Katie in to a hug. "You don't know how many times that shows up in my mentions on twitter. We're just taking things slow. I've already been married once and it fell apart. He's taking his time because I asked him to." Katie smiled. "So do you want the master?"

"Chyeah!" Katie cheered softly, running up to Kendall. "We got it!"

"Master?" He whispered. Katie nodded eagerly, grabbing her bag and tugging Kendall by the wrist up the stairs and to their room. Katie looked around, smiling. She dropped her bag before just flopping down on the bed.

"I cannot wait for tonight," She breathed.

Kendall chuckled at her, she was so adorable. "Shall we unpack?" He asked. Katie smiled and nodded, unzipping her bag.

"I wanna organize things though," She giggled. "Go put the guitar in the corner and set the laptop bags on the desk please?"

Kendall nodded, kissing the girl's hair softly before doing what he was told, sliding the box of condoms in to the night stand on the side of the bed he wanted. "Isn't there more stuff out in the car?"

"Just Perry and our pillows," Katie answered softly.

"Alrighty then, I'll be right back," Kendall answered, mussing her hair before he left. Katie smiled to herself. She pulled out the secret bag from Victoria's secret and quickly placed it in the top dresser drawer, along with her pajamas and regular undies, sliding it closed quickly. She couldn't wait for the rest of the summer. This was everything she'd been dreaming about for so long.

"Hey, we're ordering pizza for dinner," Kendall said when he came back in. "You want green peppers, mushrooms and bacon, right?"

"Depends, where's it gonna be from?" Katie asked skeptically.

"Domino's."

"Then yes," Katie said, taking her pillow and stuffed platypus from Kendall and setting them on the bed. She unrolled the blankets so when the time came, they could just lay down and go. They finished unpacking and went back downstairs right as dinner arrived.

"I'm starving!" James said, taking the stack of boxes from Carlos. Alexa pulled out some plates while Logan set up a movie.

"Okay just TRY not to get anything on the carpet guys," Carlos said, pulling a big bottle of coke out of the fridge. They all nodded, pouring glasses of soda for themselves. They all settled in on the couch, enjoying the movie before dragging themselves to bed.

"So now that we're alone..." Kendall said once he had Katie inside their room, "What do you want to do?"

Butterflies entered Katie's stomach. she'd read thousands of dirty imagines, imagined it millions of times. But suddenly all her insecurities flooded her mind and stage fright overcame her. "Change for bed?" she offere O-o-or we could get on twitter I mean they probably-"

"Woah, slow down," Kendall said gently, stopping the babble. "You okay?"

"I-I'm fine," Katie stuttered. "Just... insecure."

"Why?" Kendall asked, honestly confused. "You're beautiful."

"Yeah, with clothes on," Katie scoffed. "You've never seen my skin. my stretch marks. You'd never want me."

Kendall smiled, making her look him the eyes. "Hey, can I see your arms again?" Katie nodded, showing him the three scars on her left arm. "You see those three little scars? I remember when you told me why they were there." He kissed her arms. "Yet I stayed. I remember when you relapsed last Christmas and I had to hold you down while they stitched your arm up. But I stayed." He kissed up her arm to her neck. "Remember that time you refused to eat after your dad and brother had that huge fight? I stayed, even when we had that fight about it."

Katie smiled. "You always know what to say," She sighed. "Shall we?"

TO BE CONTINUED.....

*016*2013-05-21 17:47

{{:

More more more!!!! Uwaaahh!!!

I cannotz wait for the next chapter xD

}}

Patientce my friend, all in good time. :) Besides, I had to collaborate with a friend on the next chapter and I'm waiting on her, so..... ._.

*017*2013-06-08 22:59

Alright, I'm just gonna post the next chapter, but it's just gonna skip the happenings of where we left off last time. :( BUT IT'S STILL AWESOME AND I HAVE A BUNCH MORE CHAPTERS READY!!!

Chapter 6:

THE NEXT MORNING:

Kendall slowly opened his eyes. His arms were still holding Katie, and he smiled down as she nuzzled closer to him subconsciously. But it was then he felt it; The sheets were wet. and so was his lower body.

"DAMNIT!" He shouted, stomping in to the bathroom, tears already rolling down his cheeks. Katie's eyes flew open when the door slammed. She stretched, noting she wasn't sore in the least, just blissful. She sat up, confused as to where Kendall had gone and why he was so upset, realizing it when she sat her hands down; his side of the bed was wet. She licked at her hand before her face scrunched, her eyes then widening; he'd wet the bed. And on a morning that should have been perfect.

So that's what's been going on! Katie thought, relieved his jumpiness hadn't been the result of something worse. She slid out of the big bed, wobbling as she walked over to the dresser, enjoying her shaky legs as she got clothes on. She poked her head out of their bedroom door, facing Carlos.

"What happened?" He asked, trying to peer in to the room.

"Nothing, I just... kicked him in my sleep," Katie answered, blushing at her pathetic fib.

"Oh, well if that's all," Carlos said, walking back to his room.

"Wait!" Katie called. "Um... I spilt some soda on my shirt last night, where's the laundry area?"

"Downstairs in the study, but I'm not sure we have any soap," Carlos answered. Katie nodded, shutting the door to the room. She sighed and stripped the bed, rushing downstairs to throw them in the washer. She found a left over bottle of soap and poured some in and started the thing, before going back up to the room, sitting on the bed, waiting.

Finally Kendall emerged, wrapped in a towel.

"Hey," Katie said, trying to look inviting.

Kendall lowered his head, going over to the dresser. "Where'd you put my underwear?" He asked flatly.

"Kendall don't do this," Katie begged.

"I'll find them myself," He mumbled, going over to the dresser before Katie spun him around, making him look at her.

"DON'T shut me out Kendall Francis," she growled. "What happened? That's all I'm asking."

Kendall couldn't take it. He picked the small girl up and buried his face in her neck. "I wet the fucking bed Katie I ruined everything I'm sorry!" He sobbed, sitting down on the bed with her. "It's all my fault I'm sorry p-p-please don't hate me!"

"Shh, Kendall," Katie soothed, running her fingers through his hair. "I will NEVER hate you. Never. You didn't ruin anything. Believe me, Kendall, this is nothing. I'm not mad. I will NEVER be mad at you for something as simple as an accident."

"B-b-but they just won't stop and this happens every God damn morning K," He whimpered. "I fucking hate this."

"Shh, baby, it's gonna be okay," Katie promised. "We're gonna fix this."

"How?" Kendall whimpered. "I've tried almost everything."

"You seem to have forgotten I know almost everything there is about this kind of thing," Katie countered. "Are you forgetting the site you support?" A smile played at Kendall's lips. "It's not the end of the world babe, alright?"

"Okay," Kendall sniffled, wiping the rest of the tears out of his eyes. "Seriously though, where's my underwear?"

"Second drawer down," Katie giggled. "I'll be downstairs." Kendall nodded.

*018*2013-06-09 03:07

Another one for you guys. I think you'll enjoy it. ;)

Chapter 7:

Katie walked down the stairs to see Carlos and Alexa already awake, hunched over a pad of paper. "What are you two doing?" She asked softly.

"I'm gonna go get milk and donuts and Lexie's making a grocery list," Carlos explained. "Wanna help?"

"Chyeah!" Katie cheered, instantly conversing with Alexa on what they'd need.

"Morning," James said suddenly, walking down the stairs with Kendall.

"Morning Kames," Katie giggled. Kendall shook his head, catching the reference.

"What happened to Kendie?" He asked playfully.

"Um, can you speak English please?" James asked stiffly.

"Kames is you and Kendall together, Kendie is me and Kendall together, although I'm seeing a lot of Jagan lately," Katie explained.

"Of course, pair the loners," Kendall chuckled.

"Remember when it was Kogan?" Katie laughed. She fell in to Kendall's arms as she tittered, both of them turning red with laughter.

"Okay lovebirds enough shipping," Carlos sighed. "I'm giving you two a time-out."

"Aw, why Carlos?" Katie pouted.

"Because I would like to enjoy a morning without shipping for once," Carlos reasoned, mussing her hair. "You two, out."

"Where to?" James asked.

"I'll show you," Carlos said, walking to the front door.

"I'll be back soon baby," Kendall said, kissing her before walking out with James and Carlos.

"Alright just follow the sidewalk straight down to the end of the street and take a left, then just follow it straight down, it runs right behind the beach," the latter explained.

"Cool, thanks man," James said, starting down the sidewalk. Kendall followed be him silently, thinking.

"So how's life with a girlfriend?" James asked suddenly, making his friend jump.

"Really good," Kendall said with a sly smirk.

"I see someone had some fun last night," James chuckled, patting his friend on the back. "She's kinda weird though."

"Meh, it's kinda cute," Kendall said happily, suddenly becoming aware of his bladder's surprisingly desperate need when he heard the waves. "H-hey, do you think we should head back?"

"Why? We just got here!" James asked, confused.

"No reason, just miss Katie," Kendall shrugged, shoving his hands in his pockets to secretly hold himself.

"Okay then," James said, eyeing his friend carefully. They walked in silence for a while before James finally piped up, "You're so lucky to have found love. It sucks being alone."

"Aw James, love will find you," Kendall said reassuringly. "Look at me, I was about to make Kogan real."

"Ha, yeah!" James said, remembering that moment from the last tour. They both burst into a harmonious laughter, but it didn't last long; Kendall hunched over, grabbing himself in a futile attempt to stop the golden river from flowing. His jeans slowly flooded with warmth, starting in his crotch before spreading down his legs, forming a large puddle at his feet.

"Hey what- oh shit," James said once he turned around, watching helplessly as his friend lost control of his bladder. When Kendall had finished, James slid his shirt off, holding it around Kendall's waist. "Come on, let's go home," He said, and off they walked.

*020*2013-06-09 08:49

I am lacking something interesting to put up here, so let's just skip to the chapter yeah? :)

Chapter 8:

Kendall stormed through the front door, stomping up the stairs in tears, making Katie jump when the door slammed shut.

"What happened?" Katie asked when James came around the corner.

"Um, y-y-ya know, stuff," James said, chewing on his lip. He didn't want to embarrass his friend even more by telling his girlfriend he'd peed his pants.

"James, the truth!" Katie snapped.

"Um, hemightapeedhispants," James mumbled quickly and softly.

"Louder and slower," Katie directed.

"Accident," James sighed, making Katie's eyes grow. "But DON'T tell him I said anything! He's already devastated."

"Yeah, cuz it happened yesterday too," Katie mumbled a little too loudly.

"WHAT?!" James shouted.

"SHHHH!!!" Katie hissed. "It happened yesterday in the car and I'm betting this happens a lot so don't say ANYTHING, got it?!" James nodded.

"You should go check on him then," he said, looking upstairs. Katie nodded, taking them two at a time before sprinting to the room. She tried to get in but the door was locked.

"Kendall open the door please?" Katie asked innocently enough. She heard the click and stepped inside, shutting the door behind her. "You okay?"

"Not really," Kendall mumbled, tears still lingering in his eyes. "I hate this K."

"I know sweetie," She said, wrapping her boyfriend in to a hug. "But it's not the end of the world, I promise."

"B-b-but what about James?" Kendall whimpered. "He saw everything, he's gonna laugh at me, or tell the others K!"

"No he won't," Katie answered firmly. "He promised he wouldn't, and I'll hold him to it." Kendall hugged his girlfriend, picking her up so he could kiss her.

"I love you," he said, managing to put a small smile on his face.

"I love you too," Katie said, blushing with a smile. "Now go get changed, alright?" Kendall nodded, setting her down before grabbing clean clothes and heading to the bathroom. Katie decided to get dressed too, pulling out some shorts and a T-Shirt, sliding them on before going back downstairs to find everyone else up and eating.

"Morning K," Logan mumbled as she came down the stairs.

"Morning Logan," Katie said, grabbing a donut and some water. She hopped up on a bar stool, beginning to nibble at her breakfast.

"So what do you guys wanna do today?" Carlos asked with a mouth full of donut.

"We have to get to the store," Alexa said. "Me and K came up with a start of a list, but we gotta figure out who's making what on which days. Katie called Sundays soo..."

"I CALL MONDAYS!" Logan shouted suddenly.

"O-kay then," Alexa said, scribbling it down on a piece of paper. "I want Tuesdays, so who wants Wednesdays?"

"Meee," James said.

"Thursdays?"

"I want em," Carlos said.

"Alright, that leaves Kendall with Fridays and then Saturdays are open," Alexa said, pulling out two different pads of paper. "You guys write down what you wanna make on this list and what you need on this one." Katie frowned, jealous of how much more efficient Alexa was than her.

*021*2013-06-10 00:13

I personally find these next few chapters simply adorable. But that's just me, so why not lemme know? :)

Chapter 9:

"She's not any better than you," Kendall said as Katie grabbed her phone and sunglasses.

"Yes she is," Katie mumbled.

"No she is not and you're perfect the way you are," Kendall assured her as the walked down to the driveway. Katie sighed, still feeling inferior.

"Okay wait who's car are we taking?" Carlos asked.

"I thought we would take mine because of the space," Katie said. "But wait... I'm one seat short."

"Let's take the truck then!" Logan said eagerly.

"What if we take both? That way if we fill up the trunk we have the... the back thing on his car," Katie reasoned.

"That's not what it's called!" Logan shouted defensively. Katie rolled her eyes, going to get in her car, Kendall following her, only to the passenger side, everyone else climbing in the back as Katie started the car, the Luke Bryan song picking up where it had left off yesterday.

"Ugh, I hate country music," James complained.

"Hey, it's awesome!" Katie argued, turning off the CD. "Much better than the generic club songs that passes for pop."

"Well what else ya got?" Carlos asked. "Any Bieber?"

"Ew! no!" Katie said. "Where are we even going anyways?"

"Walmart and then Whole Foods, and why not?" Carlos answered.

"I respect him, yes, but he's just kinda... ew. and you gotta tell me so I can program the GPS."

"I can tell you faster, make a left up here," Carlos instructed. "What else?"

"Let Kendall pick, he's better at it," Katie said, turning and stopping at the light. "Where to now?"

"Just keep going straight and it'll be on the right," Carlos explained. They drove in silence for fifteen minutes before reaching the store and parking.

"Well, this is a nice Walmart," Katie said softly, falling into step with the others.

"Okay maybe if we divvy this up it'll get done quicker," Alexa said, looking at the front-and-back list she held.

"But it would take longer that way cuz we'd all be running all over the store and get separated," Katie reasoned. "But if we travel in a pack we'd get done quicker."

"She makes a good point baby," Carlos agreed.

"Okay then, But I'm giving assignments," Alexa declared. "Kendall, go get me some tomatoes and green onions, James, Carrots and Apples, Logan, onions, lemons, and potatoes."

"What about me?" Katie and Carlos said in unison.

"K, lettuce and avocados," Alexa added.

"Iceberg or romaine?" Katie asked quietly.

"Both," Alexa said with a smile. Katie nodded and darted off to get the leafy greens.

"She's so quiet," Alexa commented.

"She's really shy around people, especially in groups," Carlos explained.

"But we're all friends, aren't we?" Alexa asked.

"Yeah, but she just feels kinda awkward in groups, unless she's with Kendall," Carlos explained. Everyone ran back to the cart with the produce and they were off to the next isle.

*023*2013-06-11 09:17

Another 4 AM update? I think so! :)

Chapter 10:

"Alright, I'm heading to the Deli, Katie's in charge," Alexa said, handing Katie the list before she took Carlos' hand and the two skipped off. Katie smiled as she looked at it, happy to be in charge.

"Okay we need... olives, ranch and Italian dressing, mayonnaise, mustard, bacon bits and... ketchup from this isle," Katie said, watching as her "little helpers," so to speak, dispersed. She grabbed some capers and garlic as well, Kendall arriving with the condiments then.

"I like shopping with you better," he commented, smiling.

"Tell that to Alexa and she might let me take over," Katie mumbled, putting the jars in her cart. "We have a trip we have to make before we leave though." Kendall swallowed noticeably.

"Okay, where to next chief?" Logan asked, he and James depositing their haul.

"Um, pasta isle," Katie said, leading the way. "This time I need thin spaghetti, fettuccini, tomato sauce and marinara sauce."

"Aren't those the same thing?" James interjected.

"No," Katie answered. She went like that down for a while before they reached the baking isle, Carlos and Alexa having caught up with them.

"Oh my God Carlos can I get cupcake stuff pleeeeeeease??" Katie squealed.

"Yeah, go crazy," Carlos answered with a smile, hoping she'd spoil everyone with sweets. Katie hugged him, dancing down the isle and grabbing random boxes of cake, brownie, and muffin mixes, along with sprinkles and cupcake liners, then grabbing powdered sugar and shortening, nuts, chocolates... almost everything in the isle. Meanwhile, Kendall slowly backed out of the isle before running for the bathroom, making it aside from a small spot in his underwear.

"Hey, where'd Kendall go?" Katie asked as she unloaded her haul into the cart.

"Huh?" Logan said, looking around. "Good question."

Katie frowned, assuming she knew the answer. "I'm gonna go look for him, and grab a couple of other things," She said.

"Ok, we'll meet you two up front then," Carlos said, taking her now half-filled cart. Katie nodded, jogging off to the bathrooms, taking out her phone to text Kendall as she collided with his chest.

"Well hi there," He chuckled.

"Did you make it?" Katie mumbled into his shirt.

"Yup," Kendall said with a blush. Katie pulled back.

"Good," She said. "Now come on."

"Where are we going?" Kendall sighed.

*024*2013-06-12 00:28

Chapter 11:

"Where are we going?" Kendall sighed, his wrist being the girl's leash.

"Bedding," Katie said, trying to remember where the section was usually located.

"W-why?" Kendall asked, bringing them both to an abrupt halt.

"Because, I don't mind if you don't want to wear... protection," Katie said softly. "But we should at least protect the mattress, don't you think?"

Kendall nodded nervously, following Katie again.

"Hey, it's gonna be okay, no one will know, I promise," Katie said, falling in to step with the boy and taking his hand. "We're gonna figure this out."

"But what if someone else sits on the bed?" Kendall asked.

"Unless it's Carlos, just say it was on there when we got here," Katie said easily, stopping in front of the mattress protecters. "What size is the bed?"

"King," Kendall answered. Katie skimmed over the selections, settling on a soft topped one.

"Here, it'll zip up over the mattress, and it's only plastic on the sides," She assured him. "Now then, wanna go get some office supplies?"

A smile played at Kendall's lips. "Didn't you bring like, five notebooks?" he chuckled.

"Three, actually, and they're all for different things!" Katie argued playfully. "And I need pencils too."

"Maybe we should grab a sharpener too," Kendall suggested. "I don't know if Carlos has one."

"And pens!" Katie squealed. Kendall just shook his head, smiling as he watched his girlfriend dance around, grabbing the office supplies. "Alright, let's go pay for all this before the others get up front."

"Okay, but can we use one of the self checkouts?" Kendall asked.

"Of course, come on," Katie said, skipping to the registers. She rung everything up, when Kendall brought over a bottle of Coke.

"Wanna share?" He smirked.

"Um... are you sure that's such a good idea?" Katie wondered. "Caffeine is a pretty strong diuretic."

"I'll be fine K," Kendall assured her.

"Okay then, I guess we can share," Katie sighed with a smile. She dug her wallet out of her purse but Kendall pushed it away.

"No, I'M paying," he said.

"Why do you never let me pay?" Katie whispered with a pout.

"Cuz you said it this morning; it is MY job to take care of YOU," Kendall said, kissing her hair. He swiped his card and Katie double bagged everything.

"Alright, let's go find the others," She said.

I just... I feel insecure and beautiful and amazing all at once. :) Thank you Yugi!

