Daniel and Amy - Page 16

Author: Barry

*376*2016-07-30 22:34

Chapter 14:

By Friday night, everything was arranged. Instead of meeting at Adventure World, Sue would take her son to Amys house, where Nikki's mother would also drop her daughter off at 9:00, then Sonia would take all three kids to the park at 11:00. Danny wasn't completely sure about the whole thing, and expressed this when they spoke on the phone on after dinner.

"I dunno Ames. I was just looking forward to us spending the day together, that's all. I thought we'd just maybe play some games, like drinking heaps and stuff. You know, let little Dan and Amy out for a bit."

"Yeah, course we will. That's the whole idea isn't it? We talked about it already."

Dan sounded a bit frustrated. "That's exactly what I mean. We talked about it. I've been looking forward to us getting wet and, you know, like walking round and stuff, doing kiddie stuff."

"So what's changed Danny? That's what we're gonna do?"

"Christ Ames. We can't exactly play our games with this Nikki chick hanging around with us, can we?"

Now it was Amys turn to get frustrated. "Why the fuck can't we Daniel? Jesus. I've told you about her. She's just like us! She'll do it as well, I'm positive about that! Remember only a few weeks ago? When we first met? How shy we were, especially you, about doing stuff? Well I think Niks the same. She's very insecure I reckon. But I know she'll fit in fine. Think about it! There'll be three of us being kiddies together! It'll be awesome!"

"Dunno. I don't know this girl, you realise. I don't think I can't just start pissing myself in front of her. Seems kinda fucked up to me."

Amy deliberately lowered her voice, and made herself sound more unsure and upset than she was. She was looking forward to the three of them playing together, and knew that if she laid a bit of guilt on her boyfriend, he would come around. Sighing slightly, she continued in a quieter, almost wavery voice.

"Well okay Danny, if you're sure. I just sorta thought it might be fun, that's all. Nikki seems so nice, but a bit lost. I just wanted to kinda help her I suppose, and I thought you'd like seeing another kid wetting herself. I was gonna give her a diaper to wear, and have all of us going on rides and stuff in our nappies before we started swimming. I thought it might be fun. But if you don't wanna, I understand. I'll call her and tell her she can't come."

Dans brain tried to process everything at once, but it was a lot to take in. He hadn't been thinking so much about Nikki wetting with them, just how embarrassed he would be doing it in front of her. But he realised now that of course she'd be doing it as well, and it could be hot to watch. Plus, if all of them wore diapers, that would be a lot of fun for sure, he hadn't even considered wearing protection. All they had talked about was peeing in their swimsuits on the water slides and stuff, but now he thought about it, wearing on the roller coaster would be fun, especially if he needed to pee first! He knew his girlfriend liked this strange other girl, and she sounded so sad that he had doubted her, and wasn't as keen on it.

Without even realising that he had been successfully manipulated by nothing more than Amys tone of voice and talk of diapers, he came to his conclusion.

"No, don't do that. Let her come with us I guess. If you're sure she'll be on board with us, you know, wear a nappy and stuff, it could be fun I s'pose"

Amy squealed gleefully, making Dan pull the phone away from his ear, "Oh Danny! That's great! Trust me it'll be fun. I can't wait for it, really. The three of us will have sooo much fun together. You're gonna wear a diaper as well, aren't ya?"

"I wasn't going to. I thought we'd just wear our bathers, but now you mention it, being diapered sounds like fun. As long as nobody notices of course. The place will be packed you know, there'll be hundreds of kids there, and then of course we'll need to change in the locker rooms....."

She could hear how unsure he sounded, and hurried to reassure him, "Don't stress on it sweetie. It won't be any different from changing at school or stuff. Just go into the toilet stall, and take a plastic bag with you! Anyway, you still haven't told me about your wet bed yesterday! What happened?"

She could hear how excited he became as he started talking, and as she sat on her bed, wearing her nightie, she used her free hand to squeeze herself tightly through the front of her still dry pull up, the pressure on her girl bits making her squirm a bit as he spoke.

"Well, I didn't have my diaper tapes done up properly I guess." This was certainly easier than telling her they we're undone because he'd been masturbating while thinking about her. "It fell down in the front, and I think the beer I drank made me wee more than normal. When I woke up, both the bed and I were soaked, and I needed to go again, so I just took my nappy off and did it! I even peed straight up in the air, believe it or not!"

As he went into detail about what he'd done, Amy spread her legs, and pushed down on her bladder, as she kept rubbing and squeezing the front of her diaper. It didn't take long for the nappy to start feeling warm beneath her hand, and trickles were running between her legs and around her bum. Dan continued talking, blissfully unaware of what his girlfriend was doing, and she struggled to control her breathing. As usual, once she started peeing, she couldn't stop, but as she flooded her diaper, she kept rubbing and squeezing it harder and faster, and she was happy that she had had the foresight to sit on a towel, because she felt a bit of hot pee leak onto her fingers as she manipulated the swelling nappy violently with her hand.

"Ames? You there?"

She suddenly realised that he'd stopped talking, and was waiting for her to respond.

"Sorry babe. I'm still here. I just peed my own nappy while you were talking, that's all. I'm laying on my bed, and I think I leaked a bit. Glad I put a towel down, but God, it feels nice! What you did sounds so hot! I wish I could've seen it." She lowered her voice shyly. "It made me touch myself when you were talking. I'm gonna touch myself even more later, thinking about you wetting your cute little pyjamas. Were they your new footie ones?"

"Nah. My Spidie ones. I haven't worn my footies in front of dad yet. Feel a bit stupid, ya know?" He lowered his own voice, even though he was alone upstairs. "So, um, did you really, you know, um, like play with yourself then?"

"Yep! Sure did! Well, I gave myself a solid squeeze when I peed, that's for sure."

"And, um, like, what're you wearing?"

Amy was wearing only her nightie, and a pull up, but she saw no reason to tell Dan this. Instead, she decided to tell him what she knew he'd like.

"Weeellllll, I'm still wearing my school uniform. My white shirt, red tie, which is loose, my grey skirt, and my long white socks. My socks are a bit grotty though, I took my shoes off when I got home, and they're kinda dirty now. I DID have a dry pull up on, but it's all wet and soggy now..."

Dan cleared his throat, "So how did you, ah, touch yourself? What happened?"

"Well, you told me about wetting your bed, and it sounded so hot, I decided to wet myself, and I squeezed my nappy really tight when I did it. It felt sooo good! What're you wearing? Why don't you do a wee for me, and tell me about it? Go on! Dare ya!

"I can't babe. Don't have a nappy on. I'm wearing my grey PJ's, no undies, no socks, no diaper. And, I just peed not long ago, when I got changed."

"So? Put one on! Even a kiddie pull up. I'll wait."

Grinning mischievously, Dan dropped his phone first, then his pants. He frantically opened his drawer, and considered his three options. Not wanting to waste a tape on, and not fully trusting a Goodnight, he selected a Molicare pull up, then quickly stepped into it, before pulling his pants back on, and picking his phone back up again.

"Ready," he announced.

"So, do a pee! Tell me about it!"

"Okay. I'm relaxing my holding muscles now. I can feel it coming. Not yet. No. Wait! Nearly there. Here it comes. Soon. Yes! I'm peeing Amy! I'm actually weeing now! Oh God! I can't stop! I'm pissing myself Ames! Oh shit! Can't stop! Wait! Almost done. Yep. Hold on.....yep. It's over..."

As Dan gave a running commentary, her hand had slipped instead her diaper, and was now pushing against that special spot that she had discovered felt so good when she touched it.

"Oh Dannn," she muttered.

"I'm finished Ames, what're you doing?"

"I'm touching myself Danny. My diapers soaked, and I've got my hand in it, and I'm touching myself while I think about you in your nappy."

Dan felt himself growing firmer within his own, wet, diaper. Taking her lead, he slipped his own hand down inside his pants, and took hold of his member.

"Tell me about your wet nappy," he said, so she did.

While she went into explicit detail, he stroked and pulled at his swollen boyhood, until common sense made him stop.

Now with both of them worked up, Amy decided to change the topic, before things got too far out of hand, so to speak.

"So, what're you doing with your dad tomorrow?"

Glad of the chance to change topics, Dan responded perhaps a little too quickly, but Amy could tell by his tone of voice, that his mood had changed.

"Fuck all now, thanks to mum. Dad was gonna take me to the four-wheel drive show, but mum wants to go to Bunbury to see Aunt Jackie and the babies. So it looks like we're going there instead."

"So? What's wrong with that? You get to go for a drive, and see your new cousins, it won't be that bad, surely."

Dan sighed loudly. "S'pose not. It's just I kinda get a bit nervous on long car trips with dad. I wet myself a few times on long trips when I was little, and I hate doing it in front of him."

"So what? You'll have a diaper on won't you?"

"Yeah. But that's kinda the problem. I'll need to wear one, and I hate wearing in front of dad. He never says anything of course, but it's like this big unspoken thing when he knows I'm wearing one. He always makes an effort to ask me if I need to pee, or do I need to stop anywhere. It makes me feel like I'm a friggin baby. It took ages for me to start feeling okay about wearing my Goodnights in front of him during the day, and they're nearly invisible. If I wear a grown up diaper, he'll probably notice it cause he'll be looking for it, then there's my Aunt and Uncle as well. I mean I know that they know I wear 'em, but it feels really embarrassing, ya know? It's like all the grown ups will be wondering if my nappys wet, or if I'm gonna have an accident, and they'll keep asking me if I need to go, like I'm a baby or something."

"I reckon you're exaggerating this a bit in your own mind Danny. Your IC isn't that bad, after all. Why not just not wear one, or stick with a Goodnight?"

Dan chuckled ruefully. "What? After my big accident in front of mum the other week? When we got stuck in the traffic jam? No fucking way! That was probably the most embarrassing accident I've ever had! I can't even imagine what it'd be like to be stuck like that with my dad there! I'd probably die or something. And what if I fall asleep? A Goodnight won't work if I'm sitting down in the car. No. If I'm going in the car, I'm probably gonna wear a tape on, but of course then I've gotta take spares and stuff, and carry my bag with me." He sighed again. "Just feels like such a hassle, that's all."

Amy was forced to agree with him. "I know mate. It's the same with me, as you know. Can't go anywhere without my diaper bag, and then mummies always checking on me, asking me if I'm wet or not. I get it. It kinda sucks."

"My phones nearly flat Ames. I better go. I love you, and I can't wait to see you on Sunday." He then blew her a kissing sound.

"Love you to, Danny. I'm probably gonna go and rub my wet diaper now, while I think of you doing a wee in your bed...."

After she hung up, Dan was aware of how hard his penis was, as he thought about Amy rubbing her wet nappy, and thinking about him.

He was soon rubbing his own wet diaper, while thinking about her.

###

Dans Saturday started with mixed results.

He was having a dream, and in that dream, he was busting for a wee, and was in the back of his dad's car, sitting beside Amy. Although nothing had been said, he knew that she was busting to pee as well, and they were both wriggling around I their car seats. They appeared to be a lot younger, maybe only five or six, and we're firmly strapped in to little kids style car seats, as his dad and mum sat in the front.

"Mummy. Me and Amy wanna do a wee!"

His mother turned her head, "It's Amy and I, sweetie. Try and hold on a bit longer, we're almost there."

"We can't mummy! We need to go potty! Please?"

"Don't worry about it kids. Just go in your nappies. I'll change you when we get there."

"I don't wanna wet my nappy mummy. I wanna go to the potty. Please? Can we?"

Dream Sues voice hardened a bit. "No Daniel, we can't. Your daddy isn't stopping the car now. Just go in your nappy, and I'll change you later. Don't be so bloody silly. We all know you need a big diaper on in the car, and we know you can't help doing wees in it. Just do it, and stop moaning!"

Little Dan turned to Little Amy. She was going red in the face with the effort of holding on, and she had her little hands jammed into the crotch of her faded denim jeans. In his dream, it was as if his parents had suddenly disappeared, and it was only him and Amy in the backseat, and the grownups couldn't hear them.

It was interesting. He was thinking like a teenager, he felt like a teenager, but when he spoke, he sounded like a little kid. He somehow knew it was the same for Amy. It was like they were both the same fourteen year olds that they normally were, but they looked and sounded like like kids.

"What're we gonna do Ames? I really need to go wee wee....."

"Well I can't hold on anymore Danny. I gonna use my nappy. Your mummy said it was okay."

Suddenly older Amy shined through, and somehow she looked like five and fourteen at the same time, and then she was fully fourteen, but he was still little himself.

She turned in the car seat that she still somehow magically fitted into, and gave him a very grownup look.

"Wanna watch me, Little Danny?"

The little boy with the grownup feelings turned his attention to the faded denim crotch of the teenage girl in the big car seat. She spread her legs, and suddenly, a wet patch appeared. It bloomed outwards quickly, and was soon starting to spread to her thighs, and started dripping of the car seat she was strapped into. He could see the crotch straps of her car seat getting wet and pee running down them.

"Oops, I had an accident! My pants got wet," she said, with a naughty grin on her pretty face.

"I thought you had a diaper on?"

"Yeah, so did I. But I don't. Do you?"

Little Dan looked down. He was wearing a pair of light blue terry towelling shorts that he remembered from his childhood, and could see the top of a big, thick cloth nappy and white plastic pants sticking out over the waistband. Turning to Amy, he shyly nodded his head. He was thickly diapered, and everyone could see it.

"Then it's okay Little Danny. Everyone knows you're wearing a nappy! Your mummy said you can use it, so just let go!"

Little Danny spread his legs, and let go, just as Amy had told him. He hadn't worn a cloth diaper for years, and couldn't really remember what it felt like, although he thought they used to feel thicker than this.

What happened next, didn't make a lot of sense, as does a lot of stuff that occurs in dreams. He could see the big cloth nappy and plastic panties clearly sticking out of his shorts, but, like Amy, his pants started getting wet, just as if he wasn't wearing one at all. Instantly, a large, egg shaped wet spot appeared, then a stream of pee erupted through his pants, and arced forward, splashing on his bare legs. Soon, his shorts were soaked, as was his white t-shirt, and pee was running everywhere.

Little Danny started to cry. "Mummmmy! I've wet my pants! Me and Amy have wet our pants!"

"I've told you Danny, it's Amy and I, not me and Amy! Now shush! I'll change your nappies when we get home, alright? It's no big deal. It's why you need one in the car, in case you have an accident, remember? We all know you need them, so stop fussing!"

"But mummy. It's not my nappy, it's my pants. Amys to. They're wet!"

Sue just sighed, but Peter spoke up. "Danny mate. Be quiet now, okay? If your nappies are wet, your mum will change you. Unless you'd rather Amy did it?"

As Amy turned towards Dan in the back seat, he suddenly awoke with a start. There was no disorientation, he was just instantly awake. Immediately, he could tell two things. His tape up diaper was still dry, but he was literally right on the verge of losing control. It felt like the pee was right at the tip of his penis, and he knew he couldn't hold it.

He jumped out of bed, and pulled his pyjamas down. A wave of pure desperation overtook him, and pushing both hands into the crotch of his diaper, he hunched himself over at the waist. But it was just way too late, and he knew it. Even bent over and squeezing himself wasn't working, and he felt his penis twitching as the first trickles escaped. He hobbled towards the mirror, leaking slowly but constantly, his white stockinged feet taking tiny baby steps, but the bulk of his nappy actually preventing him from holding his thighs together as closely as he wished. It only took four steps to get there, but by then, the floodgates had opened.

Dan shuddered with relief as he let go. He watched his big diaper in awe as he peed, doing one of his biggest ever fully awake diaper wees of his life. It just went on and on, but while it sagged down a bit, not a drop escaped. He breathed a sigh of relief, and as the flow tapered off, he pushed a bit, forcing the last trickles out. Out of nowhere, he suddenly farted, and had to quickly clamp down, suddenly aware that he had just come awfully close to messing himself as well.

Hurrying into the toilet, he removed the heavy diaper, then sat on the toilet and moved his bowels, realising they felt a touch loose.

That was all the incentive he needed. It was almost like an omen. He would definitely wear a big nappy today.

###

In the end though, he had been worried about nothing. He wore a big tape up under the baggiest shorts he could find, but had no problems. The drive was only two hours, and they stopped on the way for a break. Dan knew it was primarily just to let him use the bathroom, but it wasn't mentioned.

Once at his Aunts house, nobody seemed to notice anything, and most of the attention was given towards the new babies anyway.

On the way home, he even fell asleep in the backseat, which he'd been worried about doing, but when his mother gently shook him awake in the driveway at home, he was still dry.

He wore that same diaper to bed that night, and although it was wet by the morning, he hadn't leaked.

He felt very excited about their upcoming day at Adventure World.

*382*2016-08-02 12:59

Chapter 15:

Amy had an unusual start to her Sunday. She woke up dry, and that didn't happen often. Admittedly, she didn't wake up because she needed to pee, which she kinda did, but because she was thirsty, so the first thing she did, was drink some water from the glass beside her bed. Checking her clock, she saw it was only just past 6:00am, and it took her a moment to realise that her diaper was still dry. Funnily enough, her need to empty her bladder wasn't even strong, although she could feel a slight urge. This was a fairly rare occurrence, and she only had a totally dry night maybe every two or three weeks or so.

Her first reaction was normal. To throw the bedclothes off, and make a run for the toilet. But after pulling the blankets aside, she hesitated, and thought about what Dan had done a few days ago. Amy quite often chose to use her diaper, particularly if it was wet when she woke up, but she was more circumspect about deliberately wetting her dry night nappy, especially if she had the choice. Doing a pre-emptive strike during the day was one thing, but, like Daniel, waking up dry was a rare event to be savoured, and shouldn't be wasted. It was a nice feeling to tell your mum that you hadn't wet the bed during the night.

Usually.

But this time, she felt a certain stirring, and just knew deep in her bones that she wanted to be naughty. Nikkis stories about deliberately wetting the bed had intrigued her, and when Danny had done it, it had suddenly become something that she desperately wanted to do, although she really didn't understand why. But even being half asleep, she saw opportunity knocking. She knew that she could wet her pants any day, and her mother wouldn't bat an eyelid at it, and she wet the bed by accident nearly every night, and of course even with her protection on, she had to regularly change her sheets, but she wouldn't get many chances to wake up in a dry bed, with dry pants on, and then wet on purpose. The washing wouldn't be an issue, she'd just chuck it in the machine as usual, but she couldn't pass up the opportunity to try deliberately wetting in a dry bed. And it was still early enough to change the sheets before her mummy got up.

Getting up quickly, Amy went to her drawers, where she retrieved a pair of bright pink panties, with bright yellow love hearts on them. Moving quickly, before she accidentally wet herself, she undid the tapes of her diaper, and dropped it on the floor before stepping into them. Her thoughts swung towards Dan, who she knew really liked her socks, so she rummaged in her washing basket, and pulled out her knee high white school socks that she had worn on Friday, but hadn't washed yet. She sat on the edge of the bed, on her light green sheets, and pulled her socks on, then grabbed her phone.

Sitting with her back against the wall, she hitched her nightie up, and tucked it into the waistband of her panties, and spread her stockinged legs apart. Focusing her phones front camera on her crotch, she started videoing what she saw.

Amy panned the camera down to her feet, and made sure she filmed her toes curling and uncurling, then slowly moved the viewfinder up, until it was focusing on the V shape between her legs, that prominently featured a close up of her pink and yellow panties. Out of the shot, her toes curled again, tighter this time, and without any more warning than the trembling of her bare thighs, a small fountain appeared in her knickers.

Amy kept her left hand out of the shot, as her right hand steadied the phone, and she looked on in amazement at the front screen, which was held inches away from her crotch. She felt the absolute last vestiges of control leaving her, as she started peeing in her panties with a complete lack of control. Her underpants were soon wet up to the elastic waistband, and a stream was forcing its way through the saturated cotton. She held the phone back, trying to take in the spreading wet patch around her buttocks, that was now quickly finding its way to the edge of the bed, as the plastic under sheet prevented the moisture from being absorbed by the mattress.

Amy peed for well over thirty seconds, and filmed every moment of it. By the time she'd finished, the back of her nightdress, which she'd been sitting on, was soaked to a good foot up her back, the back of her knee socks were drenched, and the sheet was now a dark, olive green colour across the full width. Her panties were almost completely soaked front and back, with only a dry portion left on the sides.

She moaned in pleasure as she felt her bladder draining, but only when the last few trickles had died out, did she stop filming, and put her phone down.

Her phone was only on the bedside table for a matter of seconds, before her twitching fingers clamped down on the sodden fabric of her underpants, and started rubbing and squeezing quickly and roughly.

Within a minute, Amy had treated herself to the best orgasm that she had ever experienced.

After regaining her equilibrium, she waddled into the bathroom for a shower, before changing the sheets on her bed, and doing a load of washing. The only thing she didn't wash, was her panties. She didn't wear panties as a rule, and knew they could draw attention to herself, so she rinsed them in the bathroom sink, and hid them back in her drawer again.

After putting her diaper back on, as well as putting fresh sheets on the bed, she sat back, and sent her boyfriend the video as a message.

Sonia got up at 7:30, and found her daughter up and about, breakfast already eaten, and a load of washing in the drier. The load of washing would explain why Amy was up so early, so of course Sonia wouldn't mention it, in case Amy got upset.

She knew how much her daughter hated it when she wet her bed.

At ten to nine a car pulled up in the driveway, and Amy ran to the door. Soon after, another girl, a bit younger looking than her daughter appeared, followed by a plump, middle aged lady who Sonia recognised from the regular school drop off/pick up regime.

Nikkis mothers name was Paula, and Sonia invited her in for coffee, which Paula graciously agreed to, although declaring that she couldn't stay long.

This was the bit that Amy had been dreading. She had absolutely no idea what Nikki had told her mother about her, like about her incontinence issues for example. Troy and Cassie had asked Amy to speak with Nikki, and they assumed, as Nikkis mother did, that Nikki was partially incontinent, and had no idea that Nikki wet herself and her bed on purpose. If Nikki had played along with this, and told her mother that this other girl at school had wetting problems as well, then no doubt it would come up in the conversation. Amy was concerned about how her own mother would react to the appearance of yet another incontinent child into the equation, and no doubt wonder why her daughter had failed to mention this important fact.

After all, teenage bed wetting was rare enough, although perhaps not like unicorn rare, but teenage daytime incontinence was certainly a lot rarer. For years, Amy had been the only truly incontinent child that they knew about, apart from other kids they had met at clinics and things like that, then, only a few weeks ago, they had met Dan, and he seemed like a Godsend, another kid who knew what it was all about. If suddenly a third kid with wetting issues suddenly appeared, it would definitely raise some eyebrows at least. Amy knew her mother wasn't suspicious by nature, but really didn't want her suddenly suspecting just how frequently her accidents weren't really "accidents." Nikkis appearance as another pants or bed wetter might just make her mother start to question a few things about her own daughters toilet habits, especially the stuff she was doing with Danny.

But her fears proved groundless. The four of them sat around the table, the girls having a glass of Coke while the women had coffee, and they made pleasant small talk about generic topics, such as school and local politics. Nevertheless, Amy was relieved when Paula left, and she quickly hurried Nikki up to her room, before any embarrassing conversations could eventuate.

Checking the time, Amy saw it was 9:15, and her boyfriend was already a bit late, and would be there at any moment, and she wanted a quick word with the younger girl before he got there. "C'mon Nik, come to my room, I'll show you where everything is. Oh, and bring your bag."

Doing as she was told, she followed Amy down the hall, but not before Amy stopped in the kitchen to refill their drinks. It was never too early to start hydrating, particularly if a big day of pee play was planned for.

Once inside her room, she smiled at her friend, and checked out what she was wearing. "Nice dress Nikki."

In truth, Nikkis dress was presentable, but obviously a cheap one, probably purchased from K Mart or Target. It was multi coloured bright splashes, on a predominantly black background, and came to just above mid thigh. She was wearing fluro pink ankle socks, and generic white sand shoes. Judging by the fact that she still wore the kiddies uniform to school, and having seen that the backpack she carried was the same flimsy one Nikki took to school, it wasn't hard to work out that money was probably a lot tighter in her household. Amy knew that Paula was a single mother and raising two kids by herself, and she guessed, correctly, that they weren't as well off as a lot of families whose children attended the rather expensive private schools that her and Dan went to. The car Paula had been driving was at least 15 years old, older than these two girls.

But if Nikki was from a poorer family, she didn't seem at all concerned or self conscious about her clothes when Amy complimented her. She beamed a big smile at the positive comment.

"Thanks Amy! I bought this especially for today. When you told me to wear a dress, I realised that most of mine were kinda old and babyish, so I got a new one. You really like it?"

Amy did. It made her friend look a bit older than the school uniform that Amy always saw her in, and although Nikkis chest was a lot flatter than Amys, (like all the other girls in year seven in fact) this new dress actually accentuated what boobs Nikki did have.

"I just want a quick word with you before Danny gets here, okay? Come here, sit with me on the bed." She patted the bed, and Nikki complied immediately, obviously anxious to please Amy in any way she could.

"Now I won't bullshit you Nik. But I need to tell you some stuff, and ask you some stuff as well. Okay?"

"Sure Ames. Ask away." She sounded positive still, but a look of worry had crossed her features. She was obviously a bit concerned about what was about to happen.

"I just need to know if you're going to be like on board with Danny and me today. If you're not, that's okay, but I don't want you to like be uncomfortable with us. I've toldya already that me and Danny do the same sorta wee holding games that you do...." Nikki nodded her head vigorously, her eyes widening as she did so. They had had this discussion a couple of times, and Nikki understood what she meant, but wasn't expecting it to pop up in the conversation so early or so easily. Amy continued.

"You know how I toldya that me and Danny like to pretend we're little kids sometimes? And we act kinda silly, and hold on to our pee and have accidents?" Nikki just kept nodding, not trusting herself to speak. "Well, we were planning on doing exactly that today. We're gonna wear nappies when we go there, and leave 'em on while we go on the big rides and stuff," she paused to take a big drink of Coke, and motioned for Nikki to do the same, which she did. "We'll drink a lot of cordial and stuff, and end up wetting our diapers. After that, we'll get changed into our bathers, and do the same stuff on the water slides. We'll probably even pee our pants sitting on the grass and stuff."

Nikki still hadn't spoken, but she was visibly excited. Her eyes were wide, and she kept taking sips of her Coke, and twisting the glass around in her hands.

"But Dans worried about you being there. We've only ever like done this sorta shit when we've been alone together, and he's kinda worried that you'll freak out or something I guess. I've been telling him how you like doing the same thing, and that you'll do it too. Of course, you really don't have too. We'd never ever force you to do stuff you didn't want to, but it's what we're planning on doing. I'll even give you a diaper to wear! You said you'd like to try 'em, so nows your chance!"

She fixed Nikki with an open but inquisitive stare.

"So, it's your call Nik. Do you wanna play with us?"

Amy was shocked by Nikkis reaction. The younger girl squealed, and threw her arms around Amys shoulders, and hugged her tightly.

"Oh my God Amy! You have no idea how much I want to do this too!"

When she let go of Amy, and sat back upright again, Amy was stunned to see a tear running down Nikkis face. She was laughing, but crying at the same time. Nikki took a moment to get herself under control properly before she allowed herself to continue.

"Don't laugh Amy. It's just that, well, like I toldya, I've always liked doing it, and I've felt like such a freaking loser because of it! When I was little, it didn't seem like a big deal when I wet my pants, but since I grew up, mum now makes a big deal out of it, but it's like I can't stop doing it, ya know? I've grown up holding on until I had an accident, or even wetting myself on purpose sometimes, and pretending it was an accident, and got away with it. But I can't anymore. I've been really sad about that, knowing that I had to stop it, and feeling like a complete weirdo cause I didn't want to stop doing it at all. I honestly thought I was the only kid in the world who liked doing it! Truly I did! Kids our age just don't like pissing their pants, do they? But now, I know I'm not alone! Thanks so much for including me. I've like dreamed of a day like this, when I could just hold on until I had an accident, and no one would tell me off or laugh at me!"

She suddenly started bouncing up and down on the bed, and clapped her hands, instantly looking like a little kid again.

"Did you mean it? About the diaper? Can I really wear one? One like that big pull up thing you wear to school? Can I? Please?"

She was so excited by the prospect, that Amy had to laugh. "Course you can mate. Danny and I, we want ya to, but only if you wanted to of course! What're you wearing under your dress? Have you got your swimsuit on already?"

Quick as a flash, Nikki lifted up her dress, revealing a pair of red and white striped cotton panties, which appeared to be dry, but covered in yellow pee stains.

"I'm wearing my pee undies! Remember how I toldya I liked to pee in my knickers and wear 'em again later? Well this is the pair I've been wearing this week! I've wet them five or six times I reckon! I usually try to rinse 'em out before I sneak them into the wash, but I thought I could wear them under my shorts today, and that'll save me having to soak them clean before they get washed. Look how dirty they are!"

Holding her dress up with her left hand, Nikki pushed her hips forward, and pulled them up tight with her right one, drawing the fabric tight, and clearly displaying what appeared to be many layers of yellow stains that went from half way up the front, and disappeared between her slender legs.

"I've been sitting on the toilet, or standing in the shower nearly every day while I wee in them. I figured it was safer than having mum catch me with wet pants again. It's fun, but not quite the same, you know?"

The sight of Nikkis stained briefs caused something to stir deep inside Amy, and she had to force herself to look away. Standing up in front of her friend, Amy lifted the front hem of her own, floral patterned sundress, and revealed the Molicare pull up she was wearing underneath it. She thought it felt maybe a bit wet, but you couldn't tell so by looking at it.

"So, you wanna try one of these on then?"

Nikki didn't have to answer. The look of desire on her face was enough. Amy dropped down flat on her bed, while she rummaged around underneath the other side. She had deliberately held her dress up as she plopped down, and was totally aware that her dress was sitting up above her waist at the back, fully exposing her diapered butt. She heard a sharp intake of breath from Nikki, who was obviously staring at it.

"Here ya go Nik! Try this on, you'll see where it's marked at the back, so you'll know which way to face it."

Nikki held the big pull up with both hands, a look of awe on her face. Slowly, she unfolded it, squeezed it between her fingers, and shuddered a bit at the feeling of thickness. Next, she opened it up fully, and held it up to her face, where she inhaled deeply, taking in the aroma of a fresh diaper. She raised her head, and grinned broadly at Amy.

"Well go on! Put it on," Amy chided.

Without speaking, and apparently without any major inhibitions, Nikki swung around so she was no longer facing her friend. She slipped her shoes off without undoing the laces, then reached under her dress, pulled her panties down, and stepped out of them. As she quickly studied the diaper, working out front from back, Amys eyes were drawn to the scrunched up panties between Nikkis brightly socked feet. They were heavily and visibly stained, and even more so on the inside. Nikki hadn't been exaggerating, she had obviously wet herself numerous times while wearing them. She didn't appear to be even the slightest bit self conscious about them being openly displayed on the floor, either. She lifted first one, then the other socked foot into the diaper, then, wriggling her butt a bit, she pulled it up firmly underneath her dress, somehow managing to not expose her backside as she did so.

"OhmygodAmy! That. Feels. Amaazzing! Like, so soft and comfy! I can't believe it! I'm actually wearing a fucking nappy! I love it!" Again, she threw her arms around the bigger girl. "Thankyouthankyouthankyou!"

Amy had to laugh, "Wow Nik. Calm down, alright? I know your excited, but don't wet yourself yet! We've got all day ya know!"

Suddenly Amy heard a car pulling up outside, and her already bubbly mood lightened even more.

"Danny's here!" She announced gleefully, and breaking free of Nikkis embrace, she ran barefoot down the hall to the door, just in time to see Dan and Sue walking in. Both of the kids were still a bit embarrassed by displaying too much affection in front of their mothers, but she still couldn't help running over and planting an innocent, chaste kiss on his cheeks. "Hi Catholic boy, missed you," she muttered.

"Missed you too, Catholic girl," he replied, and returned the kiss back to her cheek.

Even though they had tried to keep it cool, their obvious deep affection for each other was extremely apparent to their parents, who shared a sly grin at how cute their respective kids were with each other, and safe in the knowledge that that their act of playing it cool wasn't in fact fooling anyone.

Amy took Dans hand, and they took off towards her bedroom, leaving their mothers staring after them and shaking their heads in unison.

"Young love," said Sonia

"Enough to make you sick," replied Sue, and both women laughed.

"Coffee?"

"Just a quick one Son. Pete and I are going to make the most of a child free day. We're going out on a date! I'll tell you all about it when I pick Romeo up later, I think Petes taking me to the casino for lunch. It's very hush-hush."

Sonia put the kettle on, and the two friends settled in for a quick gossip session.

Meanwhile, Amy lead Dan to the bedroom, where she opened the door, just in time to see Nikki stuffing her soiled underpants into her backpack.

"Nikki, Dan, Dan, Nikki," she said by way of introduction. "Get to know each other guys! I know we're gonna have a lot of fun today!"

Dan and Nikki greeted each other somewhat bashfully, not quite knowing exactly what to say. After the introduction was done, a slightly uncomfortable silence enveloped the young trio. In an effort to break the ice, Amy started up a conversation.

"Well you guys have got an advantage over me! You've both been there before, and I haven't. What's it gonna be like? What're the rides like and stuff?"

This question seemed to do the trick. Nikki and Dan exchanged a knowing smile, and started talking at once, almost overwhelming Amy with information. For every story one of them told, the other had a story to top it. They discussed the roller coaster with a sense of awe, the water slides, pirate ship, the pools, lazy river, the shockwave, and the go carts.

"Make sure you at least take closed in shoes to wear," Dan advised, "They won't let you drive them in bare feet or flip flops!"

"I was wondering why you guys were wearing shoes to a waterpark," Amy said, "I thought it was a bit weird."

"I've got my flip flops in my bag," Dan replied, "but I just decided to wear my shoes first, cause we're going on the dry rides first. What about you Nikki?"

"Same thing," she said. "Amy said we'd do the dry ones first, so I bought my sandals to wear after I get changed."

Amy passed her drink to Dan. "You need to drink up, Danny boy! We're already a couple of drinks in front of you! Got to start getting the old fluid levels up now!"

Again the conversation seemed to lull a bit. Both Dan and Nikki knew what was being implied, but didn't know each other well enough to comment on it. Deciding on another course of action, something that might liven things up a bit, Amy turned to her boyfriend.

"I've got an idea! Let's go for a walk to the shop! We can grab some ice tea there, and stop in the playground." She flashed him a wicked grin. "I'm sure you'd like a smoke before we go?"

Dan grinned back at first, but still shot Nikki a worried look. "I wouldn't mind, but only if Nikki here is cool with it. I don't wanna make her upset or anything..."

In reply, Nikki opened up her bag, and with a flourish, produced a packet of cigarettes.

"I won't be upset if you let me shout the first one," she said, with a wicked grin of her own, then laughed out loud at the look of shock that Amy and Daniel shared with each other. "What? A girl can't share her smokes with her friends?" With that comment, the three of them burst into peals of high pitched laughter.

Dan finished his drink, and went to open the door, but was stopped by Amy.

"Wait up Danny. That was an awful big drink you just had, let me make sure that you're properly protected."

Without waiting for a response, she stepped towards him, and patted his backside. He jumped back at her touch, but funnily enough, it only took a stern sound from Amy to make him freeze on the spot.

"Little Daniel! Stop squirming around! I need to make sure you've got your special pants on! Now stand still!"

Dan did as he was told, but he couldn't look up, let alone meet Nikkis inquisitive stare, as Amy pulled the waistband of his baggy red shorts out, and glanced inside.

"That's very good Danny. Your pull up still looks okay. But we need to keep an eye on it, don't we?"

Dan decided suddenly that attack might be the best form of defence, so he quickly challenged Amy as well, trying to deflect the embarrassment away from himself.

"And what about Little Amy then? Whose going to check her special pants out?"

"Why, you are Danny. Come on Nik, show him!" With that, both girls quickly lifted their dresses, and simultaneously flashed their nappies at him. "Little Nik is still dry I reckon, she's only just put hers on. Mines a bit wet, but it'll do until we get back at least."

If ever Amy wished that she could take a photo of Dan, it was at that moment. His jaw dropped open, and he looked as if he had seen a ghost. She had never seen him look so stunned, even when she had changed his diaper for him. But at least it had the desired effect. The ice was now officially broken, and the skeletons in the closet were now well and truly out. All three kids were diapered, and they all knew that they had a full day in front of them to use them.

By the time they left the house, Dans mother had left, and the three of them were chatting like old friends. Any feelings of being uncomfortable around each other had disappeared, and they laughed, joked, and teased each other mercilessly. They stocked up on drinks and breath mints at the shop, then hid in the playground fort to smoke, and Nikki impressed them by smoking like a seasoned professional. Her cigarettes were stronger than Amys, but she didn't cough once, and explained that she'd been smoking on and off for a couple of years.

As they sat around inside the fort, Dan was treated to the occasional glimpse of both of the girls diapers, and he was incredibly aroused by the sight. He became even more aroused, when he noticed at one point while Nikki was talking, that Amys right thumb had found its way into her mouth, and she'd gone momentarily quiet. She shivered slightly, and her eyes seemed to come back into focus again.

"Amy! Naughty girl! You just wet yourself, didn't you?"

Nikki hadn't noticed anything wrong, and abruptly stopped talking, turning her attention onto Amy, who smiled as she replied. "Yeah, but it honestly wasn't on purpose. Promise. I just started leaking all of a sudden. I hadn't done a wee since in my bed this morning...."

Her and Dan looked at each other, and started laughing. It was obviously a shared joke between them, so Nikki didn't ask. But she was quite aroused by the thought of her new friend just peeing herself in front of them, accident or not.

They decided that it was probably a sign to go, so they all had more to drink, and ate some mints to disguise their smokey breath.

Amy changed her diaper when they got home, and both Nikki and Dan decided to use the toilet for the last time, wanting to safely get inside the waterpark before they got too desperate. The thought of an uncontrolled wetting in the back of Sonias car was just to horrible to contemplate.

So with all three kids dryly diapered, but already well hydrated, and by now feeling like life long friends, they loaded themselves into the car, and we're all feeling extremely excited about the day ahead of them.

*385*2016-08-04 11:45

Chapter 16:

The drive to the park took nearly thirty minutes. Instead of sitting up front as usual, Amy sat in the middle of the backseat, between her friends. As the drive progressed, she pulled out a 1.5 litre bottle of iced tea, and the three of them all took turns taking long drinks. Sonia smiled to herself as she saw them in the mirror, all drinking out of the same bottle, but wiping the top on their towels before drinking, as if that would somehow magically make it cleaner.

Kids. Only they could keep sharing from the same bottle and not find it off-putting.

She had planned on dropping the children off at the gate, but by the time they had turned into the street, it was apparent that that wouldn't be an option. There were cars and buses everywhere, and the line up at the entrance was snaking down the road. She was forced to drive past, go a further 200 meters down the road, and pull into the car park. Even that was nearly at capacity, with the only spare spots towards the back of the second car park. She manoeuvred the car a few rows back, where she wasn't blocking any traffic, and simply stopped, urging the kids to hurry up and get out before any cars pulled up behind her.

Sonia too had picked up on the fact that Amys new friend probably didn't have a lot of money, and she knew how expensive food and drinks could cost in there. She dug into her purse as she gave her daughter some last minute instructions. "I'll pick you guys up from here at five thirty, okay? Have fun, and don't leave your phones or wallets laying around! Make sure you get a locker. Amy, here, take this." She handed her daughter fifty dollars. "Buy some lunch and drinks for everyone."

Amy hadn't expected this, and beamed with gratitude. "Thanks mummy! We'll be good, don't worry about us." She leaned inside the window, and kissed her mother on the cheek. Another car was approaching behind Sonia, so she put the car into gear, and took off.

As she pulled out onto the road, Amy stopped her friends from walking off. "Let's have another smoke first," she suggested.

The three of them headed towards the back of the lot, found a minibus parked there, and walked onto the grass verge behind it, using it as a shield from sight. Amy produced her own cigarettes this time, as well as a 1.25 litre bottle of Coke, and they lit up in relative privacy. None of them were particularly thirsty, but they made an effort to guzzle the Coke as quickly as they had the iced tea, and by the time they had finished their smokes, had managed to drink half of it. Feeling a tad bloated, and very excited, they made their way down the road where they joined the back of the line.

The line moved relatively quickly, but it was quite long, and twenty minutes later they were only halfway through it. Amy and Dan were holding hands, and she felt his grip tighten on hers. She glanced at him, and he nodded his head in Nikkis direction. She was standing in front of them, and was starting to shift her weight from foot to foot.

Amy grinned at Dan, then leaned forward, and handed Nikki the bottle of Coke. She took it, but had a rather nervous expression on her face. However, she still managed to take a big drink before handing it back.

As the line slowly moved forwards, all three of them started to feel the effects of their large fluid consumption, but it seemed to be affecting Nikki the most. By the time another ten minutes had passed, her desperation was becoming noticeable, and even when she stood still, her knees were held together, and she constantly bounced on the balls of her feet. The kids kept up their excited chatter, but occasionally Nikki winced and took sharp little intakes of breath.

The line wasn't bunched up tight, and both in front and behind the trio, were family groups consisting of mothers with three or more young children. As the increasingly exasperated mothers tried to contain their excited charges, they weren't near enough to be able to eavesdrop on the teenagers conversation.

"You look like you need to pee Nik...." Amy said softly, leaning towards her friend.

Nikki smiled. "Yeah. It's that obvious is it? I usually really like holding on, but this is starting to get ridiculous! I'm getting kinda desperate now!"

"So? You're wearing a diaper, remember? Perfect time to use it, eh?"

Nikki gritted her teeth, "I just can't, you know? Not just right here on the street! It just, it just feels, um, kinda wrong, ya know? I'm gonna wait until we get inside on he grass."

"Suit yourself Nik, but it doesn't look like you're gonna maaaake it....."

Nikki just smiled in reply, but with squinted eyes.

Amys own need was swiftly building, and was now at dangerous levels. She decided that a pre-emptive strike was called for. Her and Dan had stopped holding hands a while ago, so without speaking, she grabbed his hand again, and squeezed it gently, getting his attention. Dans eyes had been riveted on Nikkis bouncing legs, fully expecting her to wet herself at any minute, and he was keeping an eye out for any errant drips or leaks, his penis in a state of semi-arousal inside his own diaper. He was starting to feel the urge to pee as well, but was still well in control of the situation, and he wasn't too concerned about it. Yet.

Upon feeling Amys grip on his hand tighten, he tore his gaze away from Nikkis bouncing feet, and focused his attention on his girlfriend.

When he saw her smiling at him, then slowly lift her thumb into her mouth and start nibbling at her thumbnail, his penis instantly went rock hard. Amy didn't speak, nor did she show any outward signs of what she was doing, she merely made eye contact with Dan, gnawed on her thumbnail, and smiled cheekily as she did so, spreading her thighs apart ever so slightly. She held his glance for perhaps twenty long, drawn out seconds, before wincing slightly as she squeezed her thighs together, shivering ever so slightly as she did so. Nikki was completely oblivious as to what had just happened.

Dan was very glad he was diapered, because he knew his shorts would be sticking out at an embarrassing angle in the front if his hard on wasn't as safely contained as it was.

Time dragged on, and the line kept moving. Nikkis dancing around didn't become any more exaggerated, but nor did it slow down either. Once or twice she crossed her ankles, but to the casual observer she just appeared bored and fidgety, and not desperate to pee.

They were getting closer to the front gate, when there was a slight commotion from the group of little kids in front of them.

"Mummy, I need to do a wee wee!"

This statement was loudly announced by a rather plump little girl who would've been no older than five. She was wearing a one piece bathing suit, a t-shirt that went to mid thigh over her chubby little legs, and a pair of Crocs, and she had a towel draped over her shoulders, and was carrying a big pop top drink bottle.

The mother looked down at her with a touch of annoyance. "I know you do Emma. We're nearly there now. Just hold on for a few more minutes."

Nikki turned towards her friends, and raised her eyebrows. Dan and Amy looked at each other, and back at Nikki. The little girl started doing an exaggerated potty dance, making Nikkis efforts pale by comparison. She jammed her free hand into her crotch, crossed her legs, and started bouncing up and down.

"I can't mummy! I need to go nooowww..."

Emma's mother obviously realised the urgency of the situation, but was helpless to do anything about it. All she could do, was offer encouraging words to her daughter.

"Five more minutes Emmy. You're doing so well. Just try and hold it if you can."

The girl nodded her head silently, and took a drink from her bottle. She bounced from one foot to the other, just as Nikki had been doing. With one hand still holding her crotch, she announced, "I don't like my water mummy. Can I have some cordial?"

"Not now Emma, it's buried in my bag somewhere. Just finish your water, and I'll give you some cordial after we're inside, and you've gone to the toilet, alright?"

Emma didn't appear to be in the mood to compromise, and she made a grunting noise, and stamped her feet, without removing the hand that had a death grip on her private area. The line went forward again, after another group had gotten in, and now Emma's group was second in line.

All of a sudden, there was a loud splattering sound, and a large puddle appeared in front of the little girl, running between her legs, and spreading outwards.

Nikki, who was standing directly behind the little girl, who had her back to her, stared in amazement, and stepped back quickly from the growing puddle. She stepped directly into Dan, who grabbed her shoulders, surprising her, and making her jump forwards again, and forcing her to step widely, legs apart, less she step in the puddle.

The little girl was looking at her mother, and holding her open drink bottle upside down, as the last of the water drained out of it.

"I spilled my water mummy. Can I have some cordial now?" she asked sweetly, continuing to hold herself with her other hand.

"In a minute. Look! It's our turn now! We're going in," her mother said with obvious relief, approaching the window with her credit card out.

Nikki was next in line, but made no effort to step forward. Instead, she turned her head to look at her friends, and they could see how pale she looked. She had stopped her subtle pee dance, and was staring into the distance at nothing, with her legs slightly spread, and chewing on her lower lip, with a scared expression on her face.

Another pay window became available, but Amy had to gently push her to make her step forward, and couldn't help but notice that she waddled ever so slightly as she walked. Nikki paid for her admission, and received her wrist band, as Emma's mother completed her transaction, and started attaching wristbands to the kids in her control. Little Emma let go of her crotch long enough to have her wristband put on, then resumed her hold. Her mother quickly ushered the kids through the gate, and they started walking briskly towards the toilet blocks.

Dan and Amy payed at that window, received their own wristbands, and stepped through the gate, meeting Nikki, who was standing there with a huge smile on her face, appearing to be bursting with excitement.

"I wet myself," she declared in a whisper, grabbing one each of Dan and Amys hands, "I really did! I wet myself! On accident! In my nappy! When that kid spilled her drink, I thought she'd peed, and I tried to step back, but when Danny grabbed me, the sound of what I thought was her peeing, and the surprise, made me jump, and I lost control! Really! It was a real accident too! I didn't do it on purpose at all! And I didn't leak a bit! Oh my God, I'm really wearing a wet diaper! Fuck! It feels so good! I can't believe it!" She started to repeat herself in her excitement. "I didn't leak at all! I wet myself and it didn't leak! Fuck! That's amazing!"

She was getting louder, and would probably have been overheard if anyone had been walking past at that instant, but thankfully, no one was. Amy had to try and quieten her down a bit.

"Steady on Nik. Shh. Not so loud, okay?"

Looking sheepish, Nikki lowered her voice, "I'm sorry guys, but I can't believe it! I've wanted to wear one of these things for sooo long, and I can't believe how nice it is! Was it just me, or did you think that kid had wet herself too?"

Both Dan and Amy had in fact thought the same thing at first, and reassured Nikki that she wasn't alone in her thoughts.

"Poor kid," said Dan, "she was obviously busting, I hope she made it alright."

Nikki was still bubbling with excitement. "What about you guys? Do you need to go yet? Let's drink some more, I want to do that again! How much do you guys need to go?"

Amy smiled ruefully. "Not at all actually. I had to do a pre-emptive strike in the line. There was no way I was gonna make it."

"What?! You peed in the line as well? You kept that quiet! I tried to be calm, but I was so nervous! I was going to wee on purpose, but I was like too scared to, you know? I've never wet in a nappy before, well not since I was a baby, or in my Goodnights, and I wasn't brave enough to do it on purpose. I was hoping to get inside first, then sit on the grass, but when that kid poured her water out......"

Amy answered first. "You can trust these grown up diapers a lot Nikki, especially if you're standing up. That's why I do a pre-emptive in them, because 99% of the time, if they're dry, and you're standing, they won't leak, particularly if you pee slowly. If you try and hold on, and flood one, like you did, they're much more likely to spring a leak. If you're careful when you pee, you'll probably be able to wet it safely again, but there's no guarantee of course. I bought some spares anyway, so we can get changed and experiment a bit, if you like."

"Really? That would be wonderful Amy! I'd love to try it again, but do it slowly, and on purpose."

She turned her attention to Dan. "How about you Danny? Are you wet too?"

Amy chimed in, "Yeah Catholic boy, are ya?"

Dan was still dry, but he was now in the infamous "danger-zone." He wasn't busting yet, but he could feel the need. If he had of been at school, or even at home, he would definitely make the toilet his next, immediate stop.

"Im dry now, but I kinda need to go," he admitted.

Amy grabbed his hand.

"Well Little Dan, let's go for a walk and check this place out. You and Little Nikki need to give Little Amy here a tour. If we're already wet, it doesn't seem fair for you to be still dry now, does it? Let's chuck our gear in the lockers, and see if we can't do something about that!"

*387*2016-08-04 14:32

Chapter 17:

The kids split up, and went into their respective locker rooms. Once inside the ladies room, Amy whispered to her friend.

"Whatcha wanna do Nik? Leave your diaper on now, and wet it again, or put a dry one on and begin again?"

"I don't know. It feels like really good now, like nice and squishy and warm and stuff, and I know you said I couldn't probably wet it again, but I dunno. I like really peed a lot out there. It feels a bit saggy, like it's hanging down a lot."

Amy glanced around, and saw that in their row of lockers at least, they were alone. They could hear people in the adjacent rows, but had this one to themselves, at least for now.

"Give me a quick look Nik. Lift your dress up for me."

Nikki surprised her by complying at once, without hesitation. For a girl who sometimes came across as very shy and unsure at times, she certainly could appear to be completely unreserved when it came to flashing her panties or her nappy. Without even looking around, Nikki lifted the hem of her dress up, completely revealing the sodden diaper she was wearing. She wasn't wrong either, it was really hanging loose, sagging in the crotch, and sitting low on her hips.

Her hips were the problem, Amy thought. Nikki hardly had any. Amy was slim, but had wide hips. Nikki was built like a rake. She was very skinny, and hardly had any shape at all, unless you called straight a shape. Amy wore the smallest sized Molicares, and although they weren't tight around her middle, they fitted nice and snug. Nikki was slim enough that she could probably still fit into baby nappies. The small adult ones were just a touch to big on her. Amy wished she had asked Dan for some Goodnights. The weight in the diaper was pulling it down a bit, and Amy realised that Nikki must have peed a substantial amount earlier.

"Pull ya dress down mate. You're right, it's hanging off you. I think you're a bit small for them actually. You could probably fit in a big toddler one, if we had one of course. You better take it off, before it falls off. I can't believe it hasn't already. They're just too big for you, I'm afraid."

Nikkis face fell. "But I want to wear one Amy. I love them! There's gotta be a way, doesn't there?"

Amy had to chuckle. "Don't panic mate. It's an easy fix I think. What didya bring to swim in? Shorts or bathers?"

"I've got my swim shorts in my bag....."

Amy pulled out a plastic bag, with a fresh diaper in it. "Easy then. Go into the toilet, put this one on, then put your shorts on, and put the wet one in the bag before you come out. Nobody will see your shorts under your dress, and they'll keep your nappy up. The only problem you'll have, is if you leak and your shorts get wet. Then you'll just have to have a quick shower in here, and get wet before you go outside. No problem!"

"Wow! You're a genius Ames! How did you figure that out so easily?"

"It comes from years of hiding and dealing with diapers Nik. You just get used to it. But let's hurry. Danny can't hold on for very long when the need to do a wee builds up, and I really want to be there when he wets himself!"

The girls shared a quick giggle with each other, then disappeared into separate cubicles where they changed into dry diapers. In a matter of minutes, they were ready to go outside again.

Dan had entered the boys locker room, and found it very busy. He locked his valuables away, and briefly considered cheating, and peeing in the toilet first. Two things stopped him. First, he was still very self conscious about wearing these big nappies in public. His baggy shorts and long t-shirt was sufficient to keep it hidden, so he wasn't TOO concerned with it, but if he could keep his pants on, and not display it, even in the privacy of a cubicle, he'd feel better about it. The second reason was just one of fairness. The girls had already wet themselves in public, and expected him to do it as well. Sighing slightly as he felt his need to pee kick up a notch, he steeled himself for what was surely to come. He left the change room, and found a tree to lean against, with a view of the doorway into the girls room. The girls were taking a lot longer to emerge than what he had, and he leaned against the tree, and tried to take his mind off his swelling, but undersized bladder.

When the girls came out, laughing and giggling with each other, they paused, and looked around for their friend. Amy spotted him first, and nudged Nikki, pointing towards the tree. Dan was standing there, looking around, and appeared to be unaware that he was loosely tugging at the front of his shorts with his left hand.

"Whatcha doing Little Danny? Looks like you need the potty or something!"

Dan smiled weakly, aware now that he'd been caught tugging on his pants like a desperate little kid.

"Took you guys long enough," he muttered, "I was starting to think you'd snuck out or something."

"No chance of that, Danny boy! But we did get changed though. So unless you've already wet your diaper, we're all nice and dry again, but by the look of you, that won't be for long! Whattya want to do? Wanna get a drink first?"

Dan sighed again, aware once more that it was becoming a habit when he spoke to his girlfriend. "Yeah, I wouldn't mind a slushy. But I need to keep moving I think. I don't think I can just stand around."

They headed towards the refreshment stands, and luck was on their side. They had timed it well, and it coincided with a temporary lull in the crowd, and there was only a few people in front of them. They lined up for their drinks, and Amy produced the money her mother given to her, and proudly declared that it was her shout. This time, it was Dans turn to shuffle uncomfortably from foot to foot. By the time they had their drinks, he was really approaching breaking point. Drinks in hand, Amy let the Adventure World veterans lead her around.

Dan had been telling her all about the "Abyss", which was advertised as "The Fastest Roller Coaster In The Southern Hemisphere," and was keen to show her that. As they walked up the hill, past the Shockwave and the Rampage rides, he actually almost forgot about his urgent need to pee, his excitement to see her reaction was so great.

It didn't disappoint either. Amys eyes widened as she saw a car emerge from what appeared to be a building, and it plummeted earthwards at incredible speed, its occupants shrieking with equal parts fear and joy.

"Fuuuck," she muttered, "I don't know if I'm game to go on that...."

Past the Abyss, was the bottom of one of the many water slides. This one set up as a race, with multiple lanes, and the riders laying on mats, with the fastest times being digitally displayed on a screen.

Beside that, was a tube ride. As they watched, tubes appeared over a rise, and plummeted down a short slide into a pool. As they watched, the sound of running water had an adverse effect on Dans holding ability, and he had to suddenly grab himself as he felt his penis twitch suddenly. He wasn't 100% sure that he hadn't leaked, but he didn't think he had.

Nikki took the lead, and took them past the Lazy River, a more relaxed ride with people lounging back contentidley on large tubes, being drawn gently downwards at a more sedate pace.

As they left, heading towards the Pirate Ship, Pedal Boats, Hall of Mirrors, and the Go Karts, past the amusement machine hall, Dan suddenly stopped dead.

"Hang on girls. I'm in trouble here. I'm gonna have to do a pre-emptive strike. I'm about to lose control I think."

Putting on a stern, authoritarian voice, Amy berated him.

"Daniel Jacobs! Don't you dare wet your pants! You're a big boy now, surely you can wait and use the potty? Your special pants are only for accidents, not because you're too lazy to hold on!"

Dan had been worried about being "Little" with Nikki there, but it only took a glance to confirm that he had no reason to feel self conscious about it. She was obviously enjoying it just as much as what himself and Amy did. Feeling himself slipping automatically into "Little Danny" mode, he replied in a childish, almost whiny voice.

"But I need to wee so bad Amy. I can't hold on any more. I'm gonna wet myself any moment. Let me do it in my nappy, pleeeaassse?"

"What do you think Nik? I think this young man should be able to hold on for a bit longer, don't you? Fancy wanting to wet his pants on purpose! Ridiculous!"

Taking her lead, Nikki wasted no time chipping in. "You're quite right Amy. How is he going to learn to use the potty if he just gives up and uses his didee whenever he wants to go?"

Amy snorted. "Uses his WHAT?"

"His didee. It's what we used to call special pants in our house"

"OhmyGod! Didee! I friggin love it!" Turning back to Dan, she continued to admonish him. "No Daniel Jacobs, you must not use your didee!" But it was too much to keep a straight face, and she started giggling. "Didee! Friggin didee! That. Is. Gold," she managed to blurt out between fits of laughter.

It was contagious, and soon Nikki was laughing as well. Dan looked on in confusion, but the more the girls laughed, the more infectious it became.

He clamped a hand onto the front of his shorts, and crossed his legs, bending over at the waist, but it was all in vain. He felt something let go, and could feel a shot of pee squirt out. He was aware that anyone looking at him would see his potty dance, but he couldn't help it. He was trying his hardest to stay in "Little Dan" mode, and Little Dan had been told to hold on, so he tried to, but it was too late now.

A bigger, stronger squirt shot out, then another, then a series of three, spaced only milliseconds apart, and as easily as that, he'd lost the battle. Instead of easing the pressure, now the seal was broken, he simply couldn't stop. He felt the all too familiar sensation of scared nervousness as his bladder started emptying itself involuntarily, and he froze on the spot, peeing uncontrollably in his pull up, and praying silently that it would hold up, and not leak.

He had no option but to wait until his bladders level dropped, then hope he could regain control before he emptied completely. After perhaps ten seconds of prolonged urination, he winced a bit as he clamped down hard, and felt success. He had managed to stem the flow, and was now just trickling to a stop. He sighed again, but this time with relief. He had just had a very, very heavy accident, but it was fairly short, and he'd managed to do the rarest of things, actually regain control after losing it. His diaper was swollen and heavy, but hadn't miraculously hadn't leaked, and his pants were still dry. He took a couple of deep breathes before trusting himself to speak.

"Uh oh. I just did a wee wee in my didee...."

That was enough to send all three off again, Dans voice breaking as he giggled, making him sound like the two girls he was sharing a laugh with. It sounded so funny, they kept laughing at that, although Dan maintained control of his bladder. He had emptied it enough so he had control again, although he could tell it wasn't completely empty altogether.

"So did I," squealed Amy, and they kept laughing.

Eventually they stopped, and got back to normal.

"Oh my fucking God. Didee....That's hilarious," Amy stated, then continued, "Alright Master Daniel, if your so much of a baby, maybe you should just put another diaper on, we can't risk you wetting your pants on these big, scary rides now, can we?"

*390*2016-08-05 05:54

{{20 minutes ago, alexwbj said:

Some great dialogues there, Barry. Great how you're maintaining the tension too - on several levels! The story is still as hot as ever. Nikki is a brilliant idea and you've integrated it very well indeed.

}}

Thanks a lot Alex. You're making me blush!

Glad your still enjoying it, and don't worry, we'll be seeing them without their diapers on soon.....

*391*2016-08-06 00:50

Chapter 18:

As they walked back towards the locker rooms, Nikki spoke softly to Amy, "Did you really wet yourself as well?"

"Yeah, but only a little bit. It happens when I laugh a lot. It wasn't much though, cause of the big wee I did before, but I squirted a couple of times. Don't need to get changed or nothing though."

Amy drained the last of her slushy, threw the cup in a bin, and addressed her friends. "Come on you two, drink up! We're all pretty empty now, and we've got to keep topping up."

"I'm still not completely empty, believe it or not," Dan informed her, "I actually managed to stop halfway through! I can't usually do that. I wonder if I'm starting to slowly build up some better control, by playing these holding games?"

"You could be, Catholic boy. Kinda makes sense I guess. You're doing bigger, longer holds than you used too. You've been getting into the habit of going to the loo all the time, whenever you have even the smallest need, and maybe by doing these big holds, you're starting to, I don't know, maybe stretch your bladder a bit or something? It's worth considering, anyway. I probably wouldn't try doing it at school though. You've even been having a few more dry nights lately, haven't you?"

"Yeah, I guess I have. Or at least waking up just before I pee. But the other night, after I drank that beer, boy, that was a bad night."

"Small steps Danny. Even if your bed wetting is getting better, it'll be a slow thing. Drinking beer won't help it."

Dan went to change his nappy, and Amy got another big bottle of iced tea from her bag. It was starting to get a bit warm, but they weren't drinking it solely for the refreshment value. It would be ideal for its intended purpose. Amy had wanted another cigarette, but Nikki informed her that the whole park was non-smoking, so they'd have to walk outside. As they didn't want to stand out on the street, where everyone would see their illicit activity, they would have to trek back to the car park, and that was too much effort, at least for now.

Reunited once more, the three diapered teens found a semi quiet spot on the lawn to sit. They sat facing each other, and Dan was afforded the occasional glimpse of Amys diaper when she crossed her legs. Nikkis was now disguised under a pair of shorts, but he knew it was there, and that was just as hot.

Of course all the conversation centred around wetting. It was like it was the only thing in the word to talk about. Dan and Amy had already been through this phase with each other, and while it was still a massive part of their relationship, it was starting to become not as important as it had been at first. They genuinely loved each other, and lately they were just happy to share each other's company, and the excitement of wetting and diapers was just a pleasant adjunct to that.

But now Nikki was there, and they had another playmate who enjoyed the same things, all of the initial excitement had returned, and of course Nikki, who had never had anybody to share her secret passion with, was nearly overcome with excitement. She was like a mirror image of what they had been a few weeks ago, full of questions, stories, and anecdotes.

They shared a lot of stories with each other. Dan explained all about his condition, and how he tried to cope with it. He told her about his accidents at school, and how he had to change schools because of it. Nikki told them some more intimate details about growing up as a deliberate wetter, and how she would either hold on until she had a real accident, or would just do it on purpose. She explained how it started by not liking public toilets, and how it had developed into a love of peeing herself.

She couldn't explain why she liked it though. "I dunno really, I just do!"

Amy had to ask. "Nik, do you ever like, you know, touch yourself when you wet?"

"Oh yeah," she beamed, "I love holding my pussy when I pee. It feels so warm on my fingers!"

"No Nik. That's not what I mean. I mean, do you ever play with yourself, like masturbate or anything?"

This flustered the younger girl. She blushed bright red, and lowered her eyes. It took a moment for her to answer.

"Oh. Um. Not really. You guys will probably laugh at me I guess, but I've like never done that. I kinda don't know much about that sort of stuff. I know when I pee my pants it makes me feel kinda tingly down there, and I think it turns me on, well I guess it does, but I don't really know what that means. I've never had a boyfriend or anything, and I know I like boys, but I've never done anything. I've kinda touched myself down there a few times, but nothing's ever happened, not like the sorta stuff I've seen on TV anyway. I've never actually cum or anything."

Dan and Amy glanced at each other, and Nikki saw them do it. She hastened to add, "Come on guys, think about it! I only just turned thirteen not long ago! You guys are nearly fifteen, and you've got each other. I only just started, you know," she lowered her voice to a whisper, "puberty not long ago. I'm a bit of a late bloomer. I haven't even really got any boobs yet." She kept her eyes downcast, "That's why I was so surprised you'd let me tag along with you today. I'm just a kid. I didn't want you to think you'd be babysitting me."

It was Dans turn to speak up. He'd been steadily drinking the tea, trying to build up his levels again, so he passed it to the younger girl, knowing that Amy didn't need it as much. She'd be needing to pee soon anyway, even without the extra drinks.

"Here Nik. Keep drinking." She took the bottle, glad of the distraction from her rather embarrassing speech. He continued, "Don't stress mate. Amy and I know exactly what it's like. But we're not that much older, I'm fourteen and seven months, and I'm two months older than Amy. I'm a bit of a late starter too. I didn't start, you know, growing, until I was past thirteen. I'm still waiting for stuff like leg hair to grow. Look at my bloody legs, I've hardly got a hair on them!"

Nikki raised her head, looked at his legs, and gave him a shy smile.

"I'll tell you another secret too. I only just learned how to, you know," He held a clenched fist in front of himself, giving it a few up and down pumping movements, "after I met Amy! So I do know what you mean, cause I was the same. It's why I've had a hard time with my incontinence. I hate having accidents, I really do, but it took Ames here to point out what was obvious. I always liked peeing in my swimsuit for fun. And when my mum made me do experiments in my Goodnights, I kinda enjoyed it, but felt really weird because of it. I was supposed to be testing them, to help me with a problem I hate having, but I was like you, it kinda made me feel sorta tingly and nice when I wet them. I'd tried playing with myself for ages, but it didn't work. But on the day I met Amy, wow, it turned me on so much, I kinda picked it up from thinking about her!"

He turned to Amy, and winked at her. "You've got no idea what that video you sent me this morning did! I must've watched it twenty times before I deleted it, and I played with myself the whole time!"

Amy was pleased and excited that he'd enjoyed it so much, and she admitted to her own bout of self exploration after filming it. Nikki sat there listening, and drinking tea, but had to ask. "What did you send him Amy?"

"Well Little Danny here did a big wee in his bed the other day, after he took his nappy off. He sent me a photo of it afterwards. So I thought I'd go one better. I did a big wee in my bed, but I filmed it! We've got you to thank for that I think."

Nikki looked puzzled. "Whaddya mean?"

"Well, after you told me about deliberately wetting your bed, I told Dan. We both kinda wanted to try it. I mean we both wet the bed nearly every night anyway, and we both suffer from diaper failure at times, so we've got mattress protection and stuff, but neither of us have slept without a nappy on for years. We were kinda wondering what it would be like to wet the bed without one, and now we know! It was hot!" She leaned towards Dan, and kissed him quickly on the lips, took the drink off Nikki, and settled back down again, flashing her nappy at both of them.

The conversation lulled a bit, so Amy decided to keep going. "I didn't mean to make you feel bad Nik, you know, about touching yourself. But before I learned how to do it, I was the same as you. It made me feel all warm and fuzzy when I wet my nappy, even when I was a little kid, and I'd often grab and squeeze it, just because it felt good. But I didn't learn how to have an orgasm until I was thirteen and a half."

Dan interrupted her, "What were you thinking about when you did, Ames? Was it your wet diaper or something?"

She grinning sheepishly, "Actually it was Michael from Five Seconds Of Summer. He is so freaking hot!"

Nikki squealed in agreement. "OhmyGod yes! I love him so much too!"

As the two girls giggled together, Dan just shook his head, "Women," he muttered.

Amy stood up, declaring "Well I don't trust myself to keep sitting down. Let's go on some rides!"

The others thought that was a terrific idea, so they passed around the drink bottle until all the tea was gone, then headed towards the rides.

*394*2016-08-08 13:58

Chapter 19:

They started at the Rampage, as the line wasn't as large. It took only two goes for the preceding patrons to go through, then it was their turn.

The Rampage featured lots of two seater capsules, which spun around at high speeds, twisting and turning almost 360 degrees as it gyrated around. Amy and Dan got one together, while Nikki had to share with a stranger. As they sat in, and waited for the attendant to come around and check the safety bars, Amy realised that her first diaper related problem had surfaced.

"Shit. My dress is too short for this. Everyone is going to see my nappy," she whispered, as she tried to tuck her dress between her thighs and clamp them together. "I should've been like Nik, and put my shorts on."

Soon the attendant was in front of them. They had needed to climb into the capsule, and their seat was about four foot off the ground, putting the young man roughly at the same height as Amys legs. She sat with her legs together, and hands clasped coyly together in her lap, as he gave the safety bar a firm push.

Soon the music started, and they felt themselves lifting upwards. The capsule started turning with the ride, and as momentum increased, it began twisting. Within seconds they were being flung upside down.

"Don't hold on to the bar Ames," Dan shouted, "Let yourself hang loose!"

She turned to him and saw him not holding on. As their capsule hung upside down, his bum lifted off the seat, and he was only held in by the safety cage. Steeling herself, she let go as well, and felt herself become weightless as they twisted around. It was impossible to keep using her legs to pin her dress in place, so she had no choice but to give up, and hope that her dress stayed down, and the speed they were moving at would prevent her from being up skirted by anyone watching. All too soon it was over, and they were safely on the ground. Amy checked her clothing, and was surprised to see it hadn't moved much, emboldening her enough to change her mind about going and putting her shorts on.

Next was the Shockwave. This ride had long, tiered seating, so the kids were able to sit side by side, with Amy in the middle. As they climbed on, Amy noticed that a lot of seats were damp, although not holding puddles. Not having any choice, she sat on a wet spot, and felt the back of her thighs get damp.

Turning to Dan, she quickly whispered, "Why are these seats all wet? Surely it's not scary enough to make so many people pee their pants?"

Dan chuckled as he replied, "No babes, but a lot of people go on these rides in their wet swimsuits. As long as your not like dripping wet, they let you on."

"Well that gives me an idea for later," she responded.

The Shockwave lifted up, and soon the bleacher style seating was turning over and over at high speed, and all three kids were screaming in delight.

After they got off, they assessed their respective peeing situations.

"I can feel some there, but I don't really need to go yet," Daniel said.

Nikki was the same. "I'm definitely starting to feel it, but not desperately or anything. It's building up though."

Amy was a bit more urgent. "I'm not desperate at all, but I can feel it. As you guys know, that's all it takes. If I can feel it, it means my bladders about half full, and I'll start leaking soon. I guess there's only one smart thing to do then."

The other kids looked at her inquisitively.

"Go and have another drink of course!"

Laughing with her, they headed back toward the refreshment area, laughing and talking about the rides. Dan suggested getting something to eat, but the girls both declined, saying they didn't want to throw up on the roller coaster. They agreed they'd wait until that ride was out of the way first.

Amy bought them all more drinks, although she had to convince Nikki that it was alright. "I've got some money Ames, mum gave me some cash for food."

"Cool. You can buy your food later, but I'm shouting the drinks, so shut up! What're we all having?"

Dan and Nikki ended up with Coke, but Amy stuck with water, not wanting to upset her tummy at all. Her over indulgence on Coke, and the sudden attack of the runs a couple of weeks ago, had taught her a valuable lesson about consuming too much soft drink. They hung around the kiddies area while they had there drinks. There was a mini water park area, with slides, water cannons, a paddling pool, and best of all, a large, roof mounted bucket, that continuously filled up, then tipped over, pouring hundreds of litres of water on the kids playing underneath, causing many squeals of delight every time it tipped. There were dozens of children running around, all laughing and yelling at once. Dan was fairly sure he saw a boy of about eight wetting himself as he squirted other kids with a cannon, but he couldn't be sure.

"He probably was," said Nikki, when Dan told them, as they walked away. "I don't think a lot of kids just stop and go to the toilets while they're already wet."

"I know I won't be," Amy said, and they laughed in agreeance. "I might stop there now though. I wanna put my shorts on like Nikki did. My nappy will be showing on the go karts if I don't."

Feeling a lot more secure with her diaper now hidden, they headed to the go karts next. The line was long, and they had no choice but to wait. It seemed to take forever, but in reality, the line up took forty minutes. During this boring delay, they finished their drinks, and chatted away. Once at the head of the line, Amy and Dan had the chance to ride next, but not Nikki, so they let the next two people through, and waited even longer for the next ride, so all three of them could ride together.

Their continuous fluid consumption was now catching up with all of them, particularly Amy. She would've normally peed over half an hour ago, and knew that an accident was imminent. It wasn't so much that she was desperate, just at her maximum capacity, and she knew that her bladder would soon start emptying itself regardless of whether she wanted it to or not.

Dan wasn't quite as bad, but again, he was in the danger zone. Normally, he'd be running to the toilet now, just in case, but of course that wasn't the idea today.

Nikki was getting worried. She did have a slightly weakish bladder, which she was used to using to her advantage when she played her own holding games. She liked doing holds, but it was nearly always in the privacy of her own house or yard, rarely in public. Also, she couldn't recall ever have drank so much when she did do a hold. She often drank a lot of water, until she got desperate enough to have an accident, but the amount of ice tea and Coke she'd so far consumed was considerably more than she was used to. Even though she had wet her nappy by accident earlier, without any problems, she still didn't fully trust it. She had planned for her next wetting to be on purpose, and planned, like Amys pre-emptive strikes, but she was starting to doubt her ability to hold on much longer. Just in the last five minutes, her bladder had started twitching with the warning signs of imminent danger, and it felt like the wee was sitting right at her pee hole.

"Oh God guys, I need to gooooo...." she whispered to them.

It was Dans turn to be in charge now. "No Little Nikki, don't you dare use your didee. You're a big girl now, and you should be able to wait until after this ride, okay?"

Amy chuckled again at the word didee, but backed Dan up. "No Nik. No didee for you yet. You must hold on. That's an order!"

Nikki almost laughed, but managed to stay in character. Putting on a scared little voice, she mumbled, "Alwite, I'll twy.." causing her friends to crack up.

Then it was their turn to ride. They ran onto the track and each selected a kart, sitting themselves into the low seats, stretching their legs out it front of them, and trying to put the seatbelts on.

As soon as Amy sat down, she knew her battle was lost. She had really wanted to hold on until they got on the roller coaster, and had hoped for a fear induced wetting accident, but her body had other ideas instead. The "sitting with outstretched legs" position was probably the worst one for Amy, and she instantly lost the sensation of control.

When she was standing, she could feel her control muscles, but when she sat like this, it was like a switch was flicked, and those muscles could no longer be relied upon. Her intense urge to pee was still there, but with her legs spread on both sides of the steering column, she could no longer clamp down hard enough to stop herself from leaking. Within seconds of her bum hitting the seat, she could feel her nappy warming up between her legs, and there was nothing she could do about it. Track attendants we're running around the karts, making sure that everyone was wearing their seatbelts, and Amy was self consciously feeling her backside getting warmer and wetter as the young man checked her belt.

It was a surreal feeling, sitting only inches off the ground, strapped into a go kart, and wetting her pants in front of a total stranger, but she couldn't do anything about it. She was able to cut the flow off after about twenty seconds, but by that stage, her nappy was very wet.

The lights turned green, and they were off and racing! Amy wasn't very confident, and drove slowly as a result, Dan drove with a teenage boys lack of regard for his personal safety, and was stunned when Nikki dived underneath him on a corner, making him swerve and hit the brakes, sending him nearly off the track. He straightened up, and managed to catch her, but just couldn't get past her. Both of them lapped Amy during the race though. When Amy got out of the kart after the race, she glanced down at the plastic seat, and was horrified to see a very small puddle, perhaps only two inches in circumference, sitting in the hollow part of the chair. She automatically reached around to the back of her dress, and found that it felt very wet, particularly in the middle part that had been under her backside. She had obviously had a rather substantial leak, but she knew from experience that the dark floral pattern of her dress rendered any wet spots virtually invisible.

As she walked away, she glanced back nervously at her kart, and was very relieved to see a guy of about twenty, in very wet board shorts, apparently having come straight off the water rides, swing his already wet butt on top of her tiny puddle, and appearing not to notice anything untoward.

Once they got off the track, Dan and Nikki started arguing playfully about her tactics, with Dan accusing her of forcing him off the track unfairly.

"It's not my fault you drive like a girl," she told him.

Laughing, he turned to Amy, "What happened to you, slowpoke? Couldn't keep up?"

She had to admit defeat, explaining that she'd never before driven a go kart. "And I pissed myself before we even started," she admitted, "even left a puddle on the seat...."

Of course her friends wanted all the gory details, and Amy was all too happy to fill them in on how she had lost control once she'd sat down. "I still kinda need to go to," she added. "But does my dress look wet at all?"

Nikki and Dan checked it out for her, and assured her that any wetness was completely invisible on the thin, nylon fabric, and Amy was extremely relieved. "But I don't think I'll be able to hold on to the rest of it for the roller coaster though. I'm gonna have to finish peeing first."

Nikki agreed, stating how her own urgency was now making her feel uncomfortable, so the girls decided to find a quiet spot to stand, and just empty their swollen bladders. Dan was getting dangerously full himself, but wanted to test his limits on the biggest ride. The girls agreed that that had been their original intention as well, but by now it was too late for Amy, and Nikki freely admitted that there was no way that she could possibly last long enough either. "I think I dribbled a bit when I overtook you like a fucking boss!" she proudly told Daniel, who was forced to eat humble pie.

Finding a quiet spot behind a concession stand, Amy told Nikki, "Go on, you first." Nikki looked scared but excited, and she swallowed, then took a deep breath. Quickly making a visual check to ensure nobody was looking, she opened her stance, and looked down. Anybody walking past may have wondered why the young teen was apparently staring at her kneecaps, but their questions would have been quickly answered, as two pee trails quickly found themselves racing each other down the inside of her skinny legs. The one on her right leg made a brief waterfall from her knee, while the one on her left leg hung on all the way, eventually being absorbed into her fluorescent pink sock.

"Shit Nikki, you're leaking!" Amy hissed, but the younger girl didn't seem to care, and didn't even flinch as she covered her inner legs with pee.

"I think my shorts are wet," was the only comment she made when it was all over.

The sight of her "accident" was too much for Amys already overwhelmed bladder, and it gave out in sympathy as well. She too sprung a leak, and soon had a wet stripe on her right leg.

"My nappy was damn near full," she explained, "but yours just don't fit you properly I guess. There's no way they should leak like that while you're standing up!"

But if Nikki was bothered by the leakage, she certainly hid it well. "So what? It feels so nice! But you and I are gonna need a shower before we leave the locker room I guess."

With the girls now feeling very soggy under their dresses, the trio headed towards The Abyss. As they passed a booth at the bottom, Dan paused, and pointed out a television screen to Amy.

"Look here babe. It takes a photo at the start. You can buy them as a souvenir. Let's get one later, okay?" Amy looked at the photo wall, dozens of happily screaming people were pictured in various states of joy and distress, and she agreed that it would be a great memento.

The line started at the bottom of a steep flight of stairs, that snaked upwards, before disappearing into what appeared to be a large building. Every five minutes or so, a rumbling would be heard, followed by screaming, then a carriage would suddenly emerge from the darkness, plummeting down the tracks at high speed, before turning on its side to take a steeply banked corner. From there, the carriage slowed as it made an almost vertical climb, with the descent on the other side being almost inverted. Even standing on the sidelines watching it made the heart rate quicken.

After watching the carriage disappear into the maze of track work twice, Amy called her friends to lean in closer, whispering "Fuck me, I'm glad my nappys already wet, cause it sure would be after this! How are you going, Little Danny?"

He had to grit his teeth a bit. Over the last ten minutes, he had shot past the danger zone into imminent disaster territory. Like Amy had been at the go karts, his impending bladder failure was now a matter of when, not if. He knew, that even if he was to survive the ride without wetting his pants, that there was absolutely no way that he could make it back to the toilets with a dry diaper. It was simply too late.

Dan accepted his fate calmly. He knew the situation, and instead of being worried about it, he was strangely calm. It was out of character for him, and any other time he would be stressing about it, but somehow, being with the two girls, who had already wet themselves, made his own upcoming disaster seem less important. He was actually quite nonchalant about it. He quickly considered, then dismissed, the idea of a pre-emptive strike. He'd had the idea of having a real, genuine accident on the roller coaster ever since Amy and himself had started discussing their trip ages ago, so he wouldn't wimp out now.

After all, he'd ridden the thing many times before, and hadn't wet himself then, and although he was now busting for a piss, he was almost treating it as an experiment, and wanted to know how well he'd fare in his efforts to keep his nappy dry. He didn't think he'd make it, but it certainly wouldn't be the first time he'd peed in his diaper, and if that was the worst that could happen, it wouldn't be the end of the world. At the end of the day, it would only be these already wetly diapered girls that would know about it anyway.

"Not good," he answered, "I reckon my didees gonna get wet sooner rather than later!" This of course made Amy snort with laughter. Nikki asked her what was funny, and she whispered in her ear, making Nikki guffaw as well.

By the time they had reached the top of the stairs, Danny was sweating. He kept shifting his weight from foot to foot, and a couple of times had caught himself with his hand squeezing his crotch. His boyhood twitched a couple of times, and he felt as if he was sweating inside his diaper as well.

They were now at the front of the line, and Dan saw a chance to play a little trick on Amy. They watched the last ride disappear into the blackness, and he decided to fib to her a bit. He knew full well what happened to the cars. They immersed themselves into the pitch blackness, then suddenly dropped down a sheer slope that couldn't be seen, and this was where the photos were automatically taken, but he saw no reason to tell her this.

Catching Nikkis eye, he winked at her, urging her to play along.

"What happens here Ames, is the cars go along into the darkness, then you'll feel it slow down, and it'll climb up like a big hill, before dropping out the top. It's kinda scary, and seems to take ages in the dark."

"Shut up, Catholic boy! Don't friggin spoil it! Let me find out for myself. Just concentrate on keeping your diaper dry."

Nikki rolled her eyes at him, aware of how he'd just mislead Amy as to what to expect.

The next car load of screaming patrons arrived back at the platform, who got out and departed from the opposite side of the tracks. The attendants opened up the gates, and the kids hurried through, Amy dragging Daniel quickly towards the first row of seats. Nikki sat in the second one, beside another teenage girl. Dan was forced to wince a bit as he sat down, and was aware of how the built up pee seemed to be now sitting at the very tip of his willie. He just knew that there was no way that he'd be getting off this ride with a dry diaper. It only took a minute for the safety checks, and the train trundled off into the pure blackness of the tunnel.

Bracing himself for the hidden drop, Dan murmured "Here comes the hill..." and suddenly, without warning, the earth seemed to drop away beneath them, and they plummeted almost straight down. Amy screamed in terror, and was only vaguely aware of a flash going off overhead. They went down rapidly, were swung violently sideways, and then there was daylight visible in front of them. They emerged into bright sunshine, and dropped down into the sharp turn that they had witnessed from the stairs.

Danny wasn't in the slightest bit scared, but he wet himself all the same. The sheer force of the gravitational pull on his body saw to that, and as soon as they hit the first, hidden drop, he shot a powerful stream of urine into his diaper, then clenched his muscles tight as they turned, doing the same thing again. He never once lost complete control, but with every twist, turn, drop and bump, another squirt escaped from his over extended but undersized bladder.

The ride was short but incredibly violent, and was over within three gut wrenching minutes. Amy grabbed his arm, and screamed in terror the whole time, but nonetheless seemed to really enjoy it.

Back at the starting platform again, they disembarked, and headed down the exit stairs, Danny leading the way. Halfway down, he was aware of the sound of giggling, and turned to see the girls conferring with each other, and grinning broadly.

"What's so funny?"

"Just keep walking, Catholic boy. Tell ya in a minute."

They arrived at the bottom of the steps, and Amy pulled on his arm, making him step to the side and wait.

Again he asked, "Whassup?"

In reply, Amy took his hand, and directed it onto his own backside. He quickly yanked it away, feeling moisture.

"You've leaked, Danny boy. You've got a wet bum!"

He felt the world spinning around him, and the bottom dropping out from his stomach, much worse than any ride had made happen. He was about as far away from the toilet block as could be, and his shorts were wet. Hurriedly, he grabbed at his bum again, this time trying to analyse the extent of the damage.

"What? Fuck! No! How bad?"

Amy couldn't help chuckling. "Well mate, you've got like a wet tennis ball shape on both of your cute little butt cheeks..."

"Aw shit Ames. What the fuck? What am I gonna do?"

"Nothing ya can do sweetie. You've got a wet bum. Don't panic. If anyone sees it, they'll just think you sat on a wet seat. It doesn't look like you've pissed your pants or anything, you've just got a wet spot, that's all. It must be time for a swim I reckon. Nik and I have wet shorts on, so we're gonna hop in the shower quickly after we take our didees off, so you might wanna do the same?"

He agreed morosely, knowing that there was nothing else he could do, and running towards the toilets would only draw attention to himself. If he acted normally and casually, nobody would look twice.

Probably.

Steeling himself for the walk ahead, he made sure that he kept Nikki walking behind him, just as added camouflage. He objected when Amy stopped at the booth and insisted on getting a photo of their ride printed, but she was adamant, telling him that it was her revenge for him tricking her about the ride, and she wanted to see a photo of her reaction.

Even Dan had to laugh at the photo, Amy looked as if she was about to be attacked by an army of zombies. She appeared to be absolutely terrified, and Nikki, sitting behind them in the picture, didn't look much better.

"That a pretty good picture of me starting to pee my pants," he informed them quietly, as they walked away from the booth, passing it backwards and forwards between themselves.

Dan was incredibly relieved to make it back to the change rooms without incident, and more relieved when the girls told him that the wet spot on his bum had already almost dried to the point of being invisible. They seperated at the doors, and went their own ways.

Dan took his backpack into a toilet stall, pulled his shorts down, and ripped open the sides of his pull up as silently as possible, putting it in a plastic bag. He examined his shorts, and decided hopping into the shower quickly probably wouldn't hurt. He managed to throw the used diaper into a bin, remove his shoes and socks, and have a quick shower, soaking his shorts completely, making him fit in with half the population of Adventure World.

Nikki and Amy did pretty much the same thing, with one exception. Amy put a swim diaper on underneath her shorts, just in case, before she left her stall. She didn't tell Nikki this, as the other girl wasn't aware of Amys tummy problems, and frankly, it wasn't something that Amy felt like explaining.

Within ten minutes, the three of them were again united outside, Dan wearing wet shorts with no undies, Nikki wearing wet shorts and heavily pee stained panties, and Amy in wet shorts and her secret swim diaper.

Now it was time to get wet.

*395*2016-08-08 13:59

{{On 6 August 2016 at 9:19 AM, superkoolkid25 said:

AGAIN, Like The Other Chapters.... Speechless! And I Cant Wait! Hail To The Fiction King! Barry, Every night I Read this, I go to bed... Dreaming about this... If only I was Dan...

}}

Thank you. That's very kind. Glad you're enjoying it.

*396*2016-08-08 14:02

{{21 hours ago, Teesle said:

Just want to say that I am quite astounded that you are STILL writing this, not a bad thing at all, but this is becoming an epos and often high quality stories like those just go into Limbo

}}

Thanks. I keep planning on stopping, but I've still got a lot I want to do with these characters.

Ive got more of an idea now than I had at the start, anyway.

Theres still a few more scenarios for the kids to experience yet I think.

I welcome any suggestions or criticism you've got.........

*399*2016-08-09 05:00

{{On 31 May 2016 at 5:54 AM, Teesle said:

I enjoyed this a lot, it was sweet without being overly unrealistic , but I got to ask, did you just got tired of updating so often and writing so much and just wanted it to be over, cause that's how it seems to me.

Which is of course fine, it's your story, it just seems so abrupt .

Did you feel the need to end this overly positive and , maybe even, wish fulfilling story in such a terrifying way ? Not to bash you or anything, but I'm honestly interested what made you want to end it this way instead of just having her move away again as another kind of "sad ending".

}}

Hi Teesle,

I honestly missed your reply/question when you first posted it.

In answer, no, I wasn't getting sick of writing it, but while I was enjoying it, I kept coming back to the million dollar question, "How Will It End?"

For a few days, I played around with various happy-ever-after scenarios, but that seemed trite.

Suddenly, out of the blue, the idea of killing one of them came to me.

It became almost like a cancer. Every time I'd write a chapter, in the back of my mind I was seeing how or if it would affect that dramatic ending. I never particularly wanted to do it, but I couldn't shake the idea. It was like the story was asking me to finish it like that.

In the finish, I was also wondering how it would possibly turn out.

I decided to try and get it out of my system, and try it. If I was happy with the result, I'd let it lie, if not, I'd scrap that ending and continue, and obviously, that's what I did.

I tried to write it to my own satisfaction, but I just felt like it wasn't well written, probably because deep down I didn't really want it to end like that.

But im glad I tried it though. As I said at the start, I'm only writing it to prove to myself if I could tell a good story or not, not so much to please others, although of course I'm extremely happy that others like it as well.

But now, back to the big question. How will it eventually end.

Thankfully, I've got a lot more stuff I want these kids to do before I consider ending it properly.

Cheers for your interest.

Barry.

&&

