I recently remembered a few experiences I had with my first girlfriend, and thought I’d use them to write a story.

Author: RagingPython

*000*2019-03-25 23:59

The other day I was reminded of an incident that happened with me and my first girlfriend. While thinking about how I could use it to write a story, I was reminded of another experience I had with the same girl. Unfortunately, these happened what must’ve been 8 or 9 years ago, and I remember almost no dialogue, and little of the context, although I remember the actual events quite well. Therefore unlike my other fictions, this story is going to be much more fictitious, and I’m going to effectively write a story that incorporates what I remember of the experiences, despite the fact that the experiences happened at different times, because I don’t remember enough to give each one their own story that is mostly accurate to what really happened. The actual omorashi bits will be mostly accurate to the real events however, as I remember them much better.

Intro:

It was the middle of spring, 2009. It was Friday, unfortunately, and I awoke at 7AM for another “boring” day of Primary School. I was only in Year 4, which sets this story far earlier than any of my others. (Obligatory warning that nothing illegal happens in this story because of the ag of the characters, which I am only making so young because that is literally when this happened and I want to keep this accurate as some events only make sense in the context of Primary School.) While I still wasn’t rally that exited for school, I’d much rather stay at home and read, there was an event of interest. We were going on a school trip to a Roman villa, or at least, a museum built upon the remains of one. I still remember some of this trip, it was one of the best school trips I ever went on.

I woke up, and got dressed. I made myself a cup of tea, a task I had only learned to do a year prior and was still trying to refine. I remember around this time that I used to try and experiment with the brewing time to determine how long I liked, back then I liked to remove the teabag almost immediately, meaning I liked the taste of the boiled water rather than the tea, whereas now I prefer 5 or 6 minutes. (This is the problem with my memory. I don’t remember almost any dialogue from this, but I do remember how long I brewed my tea for.) I didn’t know how to cook at this age, so I simply got out the book I was reading and lounged about in the living room and read that for half an hour.

I was a very different person back then to now. My family were a bit beyond on technology, our prefered physical media format was VHS, despite DVD coming out 13 years earlier, and we still used a huge armchair sized CRT for TV despite everyone else in our neighbourhood converting to LCDs or Plasma a few years earlier. While I didn’t collect retro technology back then, I wouldn’t have been surprised if you mistakenly thought I did. The reason why I spent my time reading rather than playing a computer game like most of my friends did back then was because our most up-to-date computer was a HP Pavilion dv2000 laptop, that was a museum-piece back then, coming on for 8 years old, that I still own somehow despite it being nearly 17 years old.

Anyway, enough about me, my mum came downstairs later, made me some boiled duck eggs for breakfast (don’t ask me why I remember what I had for breakfast that day, I don’t know myself.) and took me to school. I entered my classroom, said hello to my friends, and sat down at a desk at the back of the classroom where I usually would sit because it had a computer on it that I would use to write stories on. I chose this one specifically because it had one of those massive old CRT monitors, rather than the much smaller LCD monitors most of the school computers had moved onto.

I preferred the older monitors despite the annoying high-pitched noise they made, (I was used to it from at home though, so it didn’t really bother me.) because the LCD monitors of the day were quite fragile and some of the Neanderthals I called classmates would think it was funny to press down the screen until the liquid crystals dispersed, causing large black splotches that never healed. Nowadays that’s not so much of a problem, but back then it was awful. I used to stick with the CRT displays despite them being nearly as old as me even when I was going there because no matter how hard those idiots tried they could break them so easily.

My girlfriend at the time, my first girlfriend, in fact, Sam, came and sat down next to me, and we had a conversation before class started. I never learned what Sam was short for, or at least if I did I never remembered it. I think it was probably short for Samantha, but I don’t remember. I used to know her last name too, but I forgot that a couple of years ago and now I don’t know it anymore.

End of Intro:

That’s the end of this one for now. It’s just the intro, but I’ll write some more later. I plan to finish my other two stories before I work on this one too much, but I want a reminder of this so I don’t forget the idea before I can write any more of this.

