Naked wait

Author: Ashlovesomo

*000*2023-06-20 18:02

(This is my second true story, which I already attempted to write as a newbie, but here's a better version!)

Ashley peeled off her clothes after a long walk with the dog, ready to step in the shower. Ash was back home for the holidays as she wanted to see her parents for Christmas, which felt comforting for her, although there was no impossibility for desperate times. She had suddenly realised that she had forgotten her hair bobble, so she sprinted along with her hands covering her crotch and tits. She shut the door behind herself, avoiding the landlord who conversed with her mum and dad as they wondered up the stairs, which caught her off guard.

"Shit! I didn't realise he'd be here so soon..." Ashley thought. She was stood in the middle of her room, butt ass naked as she pondered what to do next. Ash wasn't an unhygienic person and didn't want to put on any new clothes before a shower but couldn't call her parents as her phone laid on the windowsill of her bathroom. A bead of sweat appeared above her eyebrow as panic kicked in. Without any realisation to it, Ashley stood with her legs crossed and hand in her crotch, keeping back any spillage from her now full bladder. She was trapped in her room with the landlord and her parents right outside of her door. Oh what a wonderful time.

20 minutes went by and the landlord was still conversing about the house to her parents. Ashley began to sweat profusely as she wriggled around on her bed with her hand clinging onto her naked vagina. Pee pushed against her urethra, threatening to spill out of her pee hole and soak her newly made bed, but Ashley wasn't going to give up. The landlord was going to leave soon!

Or so she thought.

Another 15 minutes zoom by and Ashley's desperation grew to maximum levels. She twisted and turned and threw her hips in the air, tightening her grip every second she could get. Her fingers took turns to press against her pee hole as she couldn't afford to leak, not even a drop, due to her exposure. Sweat gathered around her C cup breasts as her legs squashed together. She shook and wriggled around, clawing her pussy with her numbing fingers. Ashley let put quiet, soft whimpers and moans as the desperation began to hurt her voluptuous bladder.

"Cmon...leave already...I can't hold it anymore. I'm gonna burst!" Ashley whispered to herself. Out of desperation (no pun intended) she began to look for anything to let out her stream. A bottle, a container, anything! With one hand to her pussy, she began to rustle around her belongings, only to come across a small, half empty coke can. She laughed to herself. She could never get her pee in there! But desperate times called for desperate measures and she couldn't take it anymore. She took the can and placed it under her, rubbing her pussy to stop any pre-mature flow. Her bladder ached for it's delicious escape, crying for any kind of release.

Eventually, Ashley relaxed and let her stream pour into the hole of the can. Strangely, she managed to aim perfectly and let out her stream of piss, the can shaking in her desperate grasp.

"Oh no...it's filling up." Ashley stopped her flow with great difficulty, clasping her pussy with her free hand and fanning her legs in and out. The desperation had subsided, although the remaining piss was now close to spilling out with the rest that was now homely in the coke can. There she was, kneeling on her bedroom floor, naked, holding her piss. This wasn't how Ash expected her college holidays to go.

With some sort of miracle, the landlord and her parents began to make their way downstairs, which reminded Ashley to use her bathroom. Piss began to dribble out of her pee hole through her fingers as she imagined her sweet release on the toilet. Her legs clamped together, squeezing her puffy vagina lips closed. Non stop dribbles fell as Ashley attempted to hold back her piss, although she managed to gain victory and stand up on the spot, slowly moving towards her closed door. Eventually, the walk turned into a run and the dribbles turned into small leaks as she ran into her bathroom. Before she could even sit down, her pee hole gave way and began spraying its content onto the floor, giving Ashley no choice but to hold her vagina in a 'V' shape and pee standing up with the door wide open. She let out a pleasured groan as her pee sprayed into the toilet bowl, giving her bladder it's well deserved relaxation.

"Ohhhh fucking finally!" She chuckled under her breath.

"ASHLEY?!" Suddenly, Ash turned around to see her mum, dad and landlord at the bottom of the stairs. Her flight or fight kicked in and she lost control, her hands covered her crotch as she turned to shut the door, her pee still spraying onto the floor. Eventually, the door was shut but her embarassment remained as she finished peeing on the floor. Ashley slid down onto the ground, not caring about the lecture that would come later or the pain of having to clean up her dribbles and leaks of piss on the floor. The relief felt way too good.

(I think Ashley and Emily are my muses but I better come up with some other characters 😂

Tell me if y'all enjoy these true stories! I'd love to hear some story ideas as I'm starting to hit a dryspell!)

*002*2023-07-03 09:31

{{13 hours ago, gdubs said:

Nice. And this is really a true story? Crazy

}}

Yup, I was trapped in my room whilst my mum and dad had the landlord around 😅

Got a habit of leaving my phone in the bathroom!

