The Graduation Speech

Author: Axis

*000*2015-06-14 03:08

I had done it. After four grueling years at the minimum security prison they call high school, I was finally done. I was accepted to college, I had a full scholarship, and I even managed to snag Salutatorian. For those of you who don't know, i.e. me before I looked it up, having received a letter saying that's what I was, here it is in a nutshell. I got second place. Despite my disdain for the educational system, I still did well for myself. I never would have thought that my performance was better than ninety-nine-point-nine percent of my graduating class, but who was I to argue.

It made my parents happy, and that made me happy. What didn't make me happy was when I read the rest of the letter and learned that I had to give a speech. Public speaking is the most common fear on Earth, and I'm one of the lucky girls who has it, and has it badly. I immediately called up the school and asked if someone else could do it, anyone else, but they told me they needed a written excuse, and there was no way I was going to convince my parents to give me one. So, that’s how I got stuck giving a speech at graduation.

After going upstairs and making a quick pit stop in the bathroom, I sat down at my desk and began to write out my speech. This was the easy part. I’m a pretty good writer, or at least that’s what I’m told. My overconfident nature tends to get the best of me, but when I write it works out great. I’ve never in my life made a second draft, or even made a revision. I get it right the first time, and this speech was no different. Within half an hour I had written the whole thing out.

I read it to my stuffed animals (don’t judge) and made sure that it was a sufficient length. When I finished, my stopwatch said 3:38. I would have to read a little faster, which I certainly would considering how nervous I would be once I actually got up to the podium. I wish I could have gotten someone else to read it for me, I really didn’t want to do it. I sighed and told myself it was my responsibility, and that this would be the last thing I ever have to do for that school before it’s all over and done with. That calmed my nerves and even made me smile.

In about a week, the day had come. The graduation ceremony was at 7:00 PM, and it was going to be a hot day. I checked the temperature and groaned. I checked the dew point and groaned louder. Could this ceremony get any worse? If I knew what was going to happen I would have slapped myself for saying that, but I didn’t, so I didn’t. I got my cap and gown on, flaunting the silk robe in the mirror. I felt the first pang of needing to pee right then and there, but I had the gown and my sash saying Salutatorian on it, as well as a fancy dress underneath.

That one was my mom’s idea. Considering the heat, I would have much rather gone nude under my gown. Regardless, taking everything off just for a slight urge was not worth it at the time, so I ignored my body and headed to the car. I got in the back, mom and dad were in front of me telling me what to do, what not to do, and how proud they were. Typical parent stuff, you all know the drill. My mom handed me a water bottle, telling me to hydrate so I didn’t pass out in this ridiculous heat. I drank the whole thing, as I was thirsty from both the temperature and my own nerves.

When we got to the school, I found myself wanting to pee. However, it was once again only a slight nagging. It was like my brain was suggesting I go, rather than telling me to. Even if there had been a toilet nearby, which there wasn’t because we were at the football stadium and the inside section was closed, I would have waited for the same reason as earlier. Besides, having a full bladder helps you focus, and I would need that boost. Based on that train of thought, I decided to down a second bottle of water from the car. It was hot water, which almost made me spit it out. I only like to drink it cold. Still, I got it down and waved goodbye as my parents and I went our separate ways. I met up with a couple friends, talking about how we were going to miss seeing each other every day and how we needed to meet up in the summer, etc.

It wasn’t long before the principal announced that the ceremony was about to begin, and that everyone needed to get to their places. I walked across the football field to my seat, which was facing the rest of the students not including the others that were giving speeches. I thanked myself for deciding to wear flats as opposed to heels, as the walk would have killed me otherwise, as I sat down. My speech was second to last, so I had a lot of waiting to do. I started tapping my feet, partly out of boredom, and partly because all that water had been fully processed by this point. I told myself to be calm and not show any signs that I needed to go. I would be on the toilet before I knew it, my worries and cares draining out of me. I giggled at the thought of peeing being poetic as the ceremony began.

As the proceedings got under way, I began to get nervous about my bladder. It was quite clearly full, the dull throb from my abdomen every couple minutes eliminated any doubt of that. I was sitting with my legs crossed, fiddling with my thumbs and changing my position constantly. I prayed that those watching would chalk it up to nerves, but I could tell that a couple member of the audience were suspicious. I ignored their judging glares as I tried to focus on not having an accident at eighteen, in front of my entire graduating class no less.

Oh, and my parents, and their parents, and tons of relatives. Just the thought made me cringe. Why was I in this situation? Why didn’t I listen to my bladder? I was filled with regret and a little bit of panic as I tried to appear nonchalant. That was when the first leak came. I gasped audibly, and jolted up in my seat. Almost everyone turned to look at me. My face was bright red. I sat up in my chair and tried to look like I was listening to the speaker.

When I looked up at the podium, that was when it hit me. I was next! A few more minutes and I could finally go to the restroom…on the other side of campus. In the school that was probably also locked. A look of despair came over me as I realized there was almost no chance of me making it to a toilet. I’ve never been that shy about this sort of thing, and when you get this desperate your mindset starts to change. I was perfectly happy to go behind a car, in the grass, anywhere other than where I was right now! I mentally slapped myself, telling myself to get a grip. I made it to the end of the current speech without incident.

It was now my turn to speak. I got up from my seat, careful not to lose it right there, and shuffled up to the podium, checking the mike. I took a deep breath, put my speech up on the wooden surface, and began to read. I was in a trance, not at all focused on what I was doing. I could only think about one thing: I want to pee. I was screaming inside my head as I continued to speak, tripping over my words and stuttering occasionally. I was sweating bullets, and the relatively short passage I had written seemed like it stretched on into eternity.

I didn’t even get halfway through when it started. I stopped reading, gripping the sides of the podium so tightly I almost got splinters. It was happening, and I was helpless to stop it. My body had been through too much, and it had officially given up. I was peeing, and not just a steady trickle either. I was full-force, fire hose, audibly spraying into my panties. In seconds, they soaked through and it started going down my thighs and calves. The warm sensation was nothing compared to the hot wash of shame that came over me in that moment. My heavy stream hit the floor loudly, splattering across the stand. At that point, any one who hadn’t yet caught on was surprised to see a waterfall of golden liquid going off the sides of the podium.

I finished after about a minute, but it felt like forever to me. I almost didn’t even want it to stop. At least then I wouldn’t have to face what I had just done. As I looked over the crowd, I saw many emotions being displayed. Some were clearly sympathetic, while others began laughing and ridiculing. A few of the guys even seemed turned on. I looked toward the back, and saw my parents. They had a mix of shock and confusion on their faces. This kind of thing had never happened to me before. They seemed sorry for me, like they wanted to help but didn’t know what they could do. I didn’t know either. I ran off the field, tears streaming down my face. My parents met me by the car, consoling me as we drove home and I got cleaned up. While I was in the shower, I thought about the kids who had laughed and poked fun at me, and I told myself that, hey, at least I’ll never have to see them again.

