A Bond That Knew No Bounds - Entry 1

Author: DesperateToes

*000*2018-07-29 06:34

The first work of fiction I have ever posted here. The beginning of an ongoing series, centered around Kevin and Elena, two best friends since childhood (and later a couple) who share a kink, among the various other quirky parts of their budding personalities.

###

“What will it be for you, sir?”

“One extra large popcorn. For the both of us.”

“And for you, ma’am?”

“A large soda!”

Kevin and Elena were best friends. They had been, ever since she approached him in kindergarten. They came from vastly different backgrounds. She was popular, had a solid group of friends, and was presumed to fit in with the student body. He, on the other hand, would always spend his recesses drawing, by himself, in the sand. She had seen him do that for the whole month since school had started. Her heart ached to see him so lonely. But all her friends warned they had all approached him before and he had turned them away. This prevented her from action. Until one day, when she decided to see for herself if these stories were true. She approached, asking him what he was drawing. To which he replied, “A place called ‘Prussia.’”

As time went on they realized how much they had in common. They were both history buffs, and knew the shapes of the borders and the colors of the flags of every single country in the world by heart. They sang, hummed, whistled, and played (on the piano) national anthems in languages across multiple linguistic families. He was ethnically and spoke fluent Mandarin, a language she had desired to learn ever since she knew “China” existed. She, in turn, was of half Serbian and half Belarusian stock, which (surprise, surprise) were his favorite languages and countries to research. The conversations she could have with him were deeper and richer than those she could have with anyone else – including her “girlfriends.” He, for once, had someone he could share *anything* with, while she, for once, had someone she could share *everything* with.

Except for maybe one thing.

Elena had discovered, weeks ago, that she enjoyed the feeling of a full bladder. As it had (luckily) been the week that her parents were away, she had been doing holds every day, from awake till bedtime. But now that her parents were back, she could find fewer opportunities to nourish her newfound interest. She was thinking about this dismaying fact, when she suddenly realized there was an opportunity *now*.

She was at the theater with Kevin, and was beginning to feel the need to pee. The impending two-hour-long movie would provide a good trapping for her to hold herself. The darkness of the theater could provide some cover, and if her friend noticed, she could make an excuse that she didn’t want to miss any of the movie. Smiling naughtily, she ordered a large soda.

###

Their movie was the documentary “Occupied,” which was about the Second World War. (Kevin was the *only* person Elena could watch a *documentary* with.) They were both dismayed by the inaccurate map that placed Poland at its present-day borders, instead of their true shape in 1939. But thankfully they used the accurate flag of Russia – the Soviet flag – that one internet meme did not.

Right around the occupation of Lithuania, the need to pee became great enough that gently fidgeting was no longer sufficient. Seeing that her friend was deeply engrossed in the movie, she quietly moved her hand to her crotch, and clenched her legs closer together. It felt great. It was so tense, almost like the feeling of masturbation.

Just then Kevin turned around. Despite her planned excuse, his sudden move sent a wave of fear into her, and she might as well have prepared nothing. She wondered if he could spot that her holding was done not out of necessity, but out of enjoyment, of emulation of sexual pleasure? She wondered if such a distinction could ever be spotted. Luckily, Kevin turned around after just a few seconds. He asked no questions.

Thank God, she thought. He cannot know. Under any circumstances.

Her sigh of relief lasted only until the credits began just seconds later.

Like all of her desperation experiences, the movie hold was over before she even knew it. She wanted to keep holding, to hold on for the rest of her life, but she knew a desperation that she had to hide it in plain sight was not enjoyable. So, with a heavy heart, she excused herself to the bathroom.

“I dare you to hold it until we get home.” Said Kevin.

“What?” She replied, trying to act bewildered.

“I dare you.”

“Well… I accept your dare.” She gleefully jammed her hand into her crotch.

As the two of them made their way home, she felt a mix of emotions – pain in her bladder, pleasure from that pain, happiness in being able to hold publicly in front of her best friend, suspicion of his intent. She did not know what to make of his dare. He had never dared her to do anything before – he was not the type of person to take or give dares. Could it be that he enjoyed seeing her doing this? Oh, how she hoped he enjoyed seeing her like this. That would be awesome.

Finally she had the courage to speak up.

“Do you… *like*… seeing me have to pee?”

“Uhh… I won’t deny…”

“Heh, well I kinda *like* having to pee-”

“Oh, I meant REALLY like seeing you-”

“And I meant REALLY like having to pee!”

“And I REALLY like that too!”

She could not believe how much she had opened up. And her bestie was into omo too?

In twenty minutes they arrived at her doorstep. Now she had to return to her family, and to being forced to hide her true self from the people around her.

“Well… I guess I’ll have to use the bathroom now…” She sighed with displeasure.

“Yeah…” They both looked so forlorn.

“Want to hang out again tomorrow?” She asked him.

“Absolutely. And… y’know… if you need to do… you know what… you can do it in my room.”

“Oh YES! I’d LOVE that.” She felt a wave of glee overwhelm her bladder, and a spurt form in her jean shorts. Some even got onto her white t-strap sandals.

Her sphincter muscles were about to give out anyway, but she still hated that she now must relieve herself.

They waved goodbye to each other, and she made her way to the bathroom. Oh well, she was excited to hold it again – and see her bestie again – tomorrow.

*003*2018-07-30 03:00

{{13 hours ago, Ienjoy said:

This was great, my favorite type of story! I hope you'll write another part.

}}

What specifically is your favorite type? is it the desperation or the best friendship part?

*005*2018-08-01 13:08

{{13 hours ago, Ienjoy said:

I really like stories where friends discover that they're both into omorashi, and summarily engage in it.

}}

Thank you! I will keep making these types of stories then

