Total drama stories

Author: omofan77

*000*2014-07-06 01:31

It was Courtney's first day as a counselor in training. She and others were assigned groups of kids to watch over. Courtney had studied the most about what would be required from a counselor in training. All seemed to make sense, except one requirement. Not wanting to discuss it during a meeting, she confronted the head counselor alone.

"What is the purpose of this?" asked Courtney, showing the head counselor the requirement listed. The head counselor, a girl a few years older than Courtney, read, "Helping your cabin mates assigned to you go to the bathroom safely outside."

"I don't see the point of it," said Courtney. "You have a responsibility to help the kids assigned to you in every way possible," said the head counselor. "You will be leading your assigned cabin on walks in the woods. You will not find many bathrooms along the way. Some may not be familiar with going outside. It is the sign of a good leader and counselor in training to aid those in need, which includes showing them plants safe to come in contact with."

From the look on Courtney's face, the head counselor said, "You've never been in that kind of situation before, have you?"

"I've always planned ahead on such walks to prevent such a thing happening," said Courtney. "It is a requirement," said the head counselor. "If you're not familiar, you can ask for help. There is nothing wrong for a good leader to ask for help."

"Fine," said Courtney. "I need help with all of it."

"I would be glad to help," said the head counselor.

Later, she led Courtney into the woods and instructed what to do. Pointing out spots that could be used, she showed Courtney how assume a normal position, pulling their clothes to their knees, and letting their urine flow. Courtney followed reluctantly, but still managed to properly pee outside. Then the head counselor showed her how to wipe with leaves that were safe. Then Courtney repeated everything she was told correctly. The head counselor was pleased. "Just remember that and you'll do fine."

Soon afterwards, Courtney was instructed to lead her group of kids through the woods. Soon, some of the girls asked for a bathroom break. "You're in luck," said Courtney. "I am a expert at going in the woods. It's one of the things that makes me a great counselor in training and since I'm so nice, I'd glad to show you my technique." She took one of the girls to a tree and began to instruct her how to remove her lower clothing and squat on the ground.

Suddenly, some of the girls noticed one of their own, Mary, peeing while standing. As Courtney tried to give instructions to the girl she was with, she noticed the others going to Mary and wanting to learn being able to pee standing. "Are you listening to me?" shouted Courtney, as every girl assumed a standing position, helped by Mary. "I'm the one teaching you!" said Courtney. "I am a counselor in training!" None of the girls seemed interested in learning Courtney's way. Courtney didn't enjoy the rest of the walk. She spent the time trying to find a way to show the kids she was a leader.

Later, Courtney thought, "If these girls want to pee standing, I'll just learn myself and show them. "I'll be better than all of them." She found out it wasn't so easy. She could not control the stream like Mary did and kept getting urine on her clothes. "Courtney?" asked the head counselor, walking by. "Trying other methods that might help your team in the woods?"

"One of my kids can do it," said Courtney. "I want to be better at it than them to show I'm a better leader." The head counselor and Courtney agreed to pee normally together. As they peed, the head counselor said, "There's more to being a good leader than being better than everyone."

"If they can stand and I can't, how does that make me a good leader?" asked Courtney. "First, I'll give you another group to work with," said the head counselor. "When you take them into the woods, you can show them how to pee standing."

"But I can't stand like that," said Courtney. "Exactly my point," said the head counselor. "If you can just give them guidance, they will be glad you're leading them. In the meantime, why don't you ask one of your girls to teach you? I have said it before, nothing is wrong with asking for help even if you are a leader."

Later, Courtney met up with Mary. "That was a nice trick in the woods," said Courtney. "Can you teach me?"

"Me?" asked Mary. "A 10-year old teaching someone your age?"

"You're never too young to teach or learn," said Courtney. "I will be honored to help a counselor," said Mary. Courtney wasn't used to following instructions from someone younger, but she was determined to follow through. Following Mary's lead, Courtney pulled her shorts and underwear to her knees then hold herself in a certain way.

Courtney's peeing while standing improved with Mary's teaching. Now Courtney could control her stream a lot longer, even hit a certain spot on a tree with accuracy. "You're getting good," said Mary. "Just keep practicing and you'll master it soon." The next day, Courtney took another group of girls into the woods. When some needed to go the bathroom, Courtney said, "I can teach you how to stand. It can be more easy than peeing like a normal girl when you get the hang of it."

The girls eagerly agreed. Courtney repeated Mary's teaching to the other girls. Soon all of them managed to pee standing. It wasn't perfect, but it was a good first attempt for many of them. "Just keep practicing and you'll get it soon," said Courtney. The girls thanked her and said they were glad to have her leading them in things from being in the woods to peeing in different ways. Courtney finished by showing them what plants they can safely come into contact with.

Courtney told the head counselor what happened. The head counselor said, "You're on your way to becoming a good leader. Now, would you like to teach me what you know about standing?" Mary was nearby. At the head counselor's words, Mary came up and asked, "Can you teach me to go to the bathroom in a normal way for girls?"

"In that case," said the head counselor, "why don't you gather the other girls and teach them as well?" Courtney did so and led the head counselor and all the girls in a session of peeing normally, then standing. Courtney found herself having fun peeing with everyone. She didn't seem to mind Mary was still better at peeing while standing. Seeing Courtney having fun with the girls, the head counselor told Courtney, "You'll make a fine counselor in training. Having fun and interacting with your group is also the sign of a great leader as well."

