Ginny and Hermione Wetting Fanfic

Author: cleverpun

*000*2012-04-03 20:56

"Go Harry!"

Hermione and Ginny shouted words of encouragement to Harry and the rest of the Griffindor team as they soared around the Quidditch pitch, desperately trying to outmatch Slytherin in a particularly intense match.

Ron was with Dean and Seamus, so Hermione decided she wanted to sit with Ginny and have "girl-talk". While Harry and Ron were certainly entertaining and loyal, sometimes Hermione just wanted to talk to other girls; unfortunately, her know-it-all attitude effectively isolated her from the rest of the girls. Hermione was used to being badmouthed by girls in every house, and mainly confided in Ginny whenever Harry or Ron weren't available. Ginny was just happy to be around Hermione, a girl two years her senior, and someone who Ginny respected.

Both Hermione and Ginny had their traditional Griffindor outfit on-the customary buttoned white shirt, red and gold tie, robe, knee-length skirt, and stockings. As the players continued to race around the field, Hermione felt a gust of wind threaten to blow up her skirt and expose her plain cotton panties to the onlookers; fortunately, she managed to firmly keep her skirt down with both hands. Ginny, who hadn't worn too many skirts growing up with only brothers, was unprepared for the sudden gust that grasped her shirt and flung it upward.

With a gasp, Ginny looked on in horror as her pink thong was buffeted by the breeze. Ginny had never liked the drab cotton underwear that Hermione seemed to find comfort in, opting for more scandulous choices. On this occassion, Ginny was embarassed at the peep show she had accidentally given anyone watching, a managed to tackle her skirt before further damage ensued. Looking around, Ginny was relieved to see that nobody witnessed her accident, and Hermione simply pretended not to notice as Ginny smoothed down the crevices of her skirt. After fixing her image, Ginny took a drink of her pumpkin juice, and continued cheering as Wood blocked another goal.

Around 15 minutes later, Ginny felt a small pang in her abdomen as her bodily fluids coursed through her body with renewed vigor. While Ginny tried to ignore the sudden urge, her bladder continued growing in size, and she was constantly irritated by its motions. Subconsciously, she rubbed her legs together in an effort to relieve some of the mounting tension. To her left, Hermione sat intently focused on the game when she noticed her own abdomen beginning to swell. Hermione had two goblets of pumpkin juice during breakfast, and while she traditionally had a strong bladder, she felt her resolve beginning to slip. Not willing to miss the match, Hermione simply grimaced and shifted her legs in an attempt to get her mind off of her bladder.

After another 10 minutes, Harry and Draco were still searching for the Quaffle, and the game seemed to have no intention of finishing anytime soon. At this point, light perspiration was beginning to form on Ginny's forehead as she strained to control the mounting tension inside of her throbbing urethra. Normally, Ginny was fairly outgoing and would have no problem speaking up about her bodily needs; around Hermione, Ginny wanted to be respected and treated as equal, so she maintained silence as she continued to struggle. Making sure Hermione wasn't looking, Ginny quietly moved the hand rested on her lap into the folds of her labia in an attempt to supress the volumes of liquid threatening to sneak through her peehole.

Meanwhile, Hermione was feeling her own bladder cry for attention, but tried to focus on maintaining control. When she looked to her side, she noticed Ginny's face was slightly red, and she seemed to be squirming uncontrollably. Hermione quickly deduced that her friend was having the same bladder problems that she was, especially when she heard Ginny quitely moaning under her breath.

"Ginny. Do you want to come use the loo with me?" Hermione asked innocuously, in an attempt to preserve both her diginity as well as Ginny's.

For her part, Ginny seemed almost relieved that Hermione had brokered the subject without Ginny's prompting. "Yes," she replied, "I don't think we'll be missing much if we hurry."

As Hermione and Ginny began their trek from the Quidditch pitch to the bathrooms a quarter mile away, Ginny began feeling her resolve slip as her recycled pumpkin juice slammed against her urethra. Ginny gasped and put her hand between her leg as she felt a tiny drop gain freedom from her womanhood and create a dime-sized spot in her otherwise immaculate pink panties.

"Um, Hermione?" Ginny asked, her self-control and dignity slowly seeping away, "I think we should probably hurry over to the loos. I've been bursting for quite sometime, and I don't know how much longer I can hold it."

Hermione was facing a predicament of her own. The urine coursing through her was begging for an exit, and she too didn't know if she could pee without having a messy accident. "I've been dying for a pee also Ginny, and I don't know how much longer I can hold it." Hermione copied Ginny and stuck her hand between her legs to stop the tsunami building up inside of her body.

They continued on until the bathrooms were finally in sight. Both Ginny and Hermione moaned sighs of relief, and quickened their paces in an effort to dispose of their urine. Unfortunately, as they approached the bathrooms, Pansy and her Slytherin posse of girls stepped out of the bathroom and recognized the pair with a sneer.

"Granger and Weasley! I didn't know that you'd leave the Quidditch pitch, I figured you'd watch Harry as much as possible. I guess that means you're pretty desperate, huh?"

"Pansy, quit messing around and leave us alone. We haven't done anything." As Hermione spoke, she took her hands out from between her legs, allowing a small streak of yellow to run through her formerly pristine panties.

"I don't think I'll leave you alone. In fact..." Pansy quickly cast the immobilizing spell on Hermione and Ginny and laughed as she saw the fright in their eyes. "Girls, I think you should quit strutting around the school, pretending that you're something special. In fact, to teach you a lesson, I'll humiliate you both here today."

Pansy knocked Ginny in the stomach with a spell, causing the previous immobilizing charm to burst. Unfortunately, the spell sent Ginny flying to the ground, with her knees up and skirt in full display. The sudden motion was too much for Ginny's bladder, and Hermione watched in horror as her friends panties darkened as urine spread throughout them. When her panties were fully saturated, the pee began trickling into Ginny's stockings, down her legs, and into her shoes, creating streaks up and down her inner thighs. As Ginny's eyes filled with tears as she put her legs down, the puddle around her ass spread impressively until, after roughly a minute, Ginny's taxed bladder had finished spraying.

Hermione could only look on with horror as Ginny sat in the dirt, crying, with her skirt and panties completely darkened front and back. Pansy could only laugh, and turned to Hermione with a sneer. "Don't worry Granger, I've got something special planned for you." Pansy cried "Levicorpus!" and Hermione felt her body twist upside-down and gently float in air. She hazily saw an image of Pansy approaching her, then felt a forceful pressure in her stomach. Hermione's streaked panties quickly filled up with pee as well, but instead of running down her legs, the pee obeyed the rules of gravity and ran down Hermione's shirt and quickly covered her face. Hermione tried to scream, but her mouth quickly filled with pee, and she rapidly spit it out and suffered her humiliation silently. Hermione suddenly dropped to floor as Pansy and her crew left Hermione and Ginny to their accidents.

Hermione looked over at Ginny, and instead of seeing the embarassment and humiliation Pansy had hoped to create, she saw Ginny's eyes narrow in anger. Hermione stood up, surveyed the damage on her and Ginny, and said, "Don't worry Ginny. I know how to get Pansy back."

So, I intend to write a follow-up to the story, but I wouldn't mind taking requests on what direction the story should play out. Also, does anybody want to see messing in the next chapter? I'm willing to write it, but if people are turned off by it or don't think it should be in the story, I'm fine with omitting it.

*010*2012-05-05 03:32

I am incredibly embarrassed by the errors in the story, I'm a huge HP geek and it pains me to read my story through again. My only defense is that I wasn't thinking clearly when I wrote this, most of my blood wasn't in my brain if you catch my drift. I wrote this without really planning it, and I had to go to bed soon, so I half-assed the wetting T_T. I'll do better next time, I promise!

