Rapunzel and Flynn

Author: peepants1300

*000*2014-10-18 19:52

Now that they were married, Flynn had to share everything with Rapunzel. He went to the kitchen where she was cooking. "Are you sure you want to live like this? You're royalty! You shouldn't have to cook and clean." He didn't want her to hurt herself. "I want to, Flynn." He noticed her small but frequent squirming. He looked at the timer on the stove. 20 minutes until dinner was ready. She squirmed again. " Are you okay?"

"Fine." She was lying, and he knew it. She really needed to pee. "Are you sure?"

"Yes." Then it hit him. She was trying to finish dinner first. She moved to wash the dishes, now doing a pee dance. He watched her shapely butt move. He was enjoying this. She stopped and bent over, both hands jamming into pubic area to stop the flood. Flynn watched intently. Rapunzel wobbled back to the stove. Still dancing, she bent to take out the food, and the dam broke. Pee flowed down her yellow leggings, and as she set the food on the top of the stove, she moaned. Flynn stared. Rapunzel saw him and gasped "I'm so sorry." She blushed. Flynn rushed over and kissed her. "It's okay." He picked her up and carried her to the bathroom, where he ran water in the tub and she undressed. She stepped in and he tooked the soap and bathed her. When she was all clean, they went back to the kitchen and ate the steak she had cooked. After dinner, they went to bed. Flynn kissed Rapunzel goodnight and they slept.

*002*2014-10-18 21:54

Thank you and i plan on it. :)

