The New Sister: Prologue

Author: KinkScribe

*000*2013-06-07 23:12

A short introduction to a a series I'm working on.

Thanks for reading!

The New Sister

Prologue

Samantha sat in a bus seat, trying to look calm and composed as the bus bounced along mile after mile of rustic country roads. Her bladder ached in agony at every pot hole. She was heading back to her high school from the Metropolitan Civic Center, where she had performed as the principal dancer in her school troupe’s production of Coppélia. It was meant to be a grand send-off for Samantha; her final performance before she went off to the Riverdale Art Academy.

And it was a grand send-off. She gave the best performance of her life, flourishing the marionette-like dances of her character with crisp, graceful movements.

But her weak bladder, the bane of her existence, was ruining her post-performance buzz. She always drank a copious amount of water while dancing, and though she peed before leaving the Civic Center, she once again felt that familiar twinge in her bladder.

She managed to remain nonchalant for the duration of the bus ride, despite her pressing need. The bus lurched and squealed to a halt as it pulled in front of her high school. Standing up sent shockwaves through her. A tiny spurt dampened her leotard as she walked off the bus.

Oh god, please don’t let it be visible, Samantha though. She looked down at the neon green shorts she wore over her leotard.

While the rest of the girls waited outside the school for a ride, giggling with each other, Samantha power-walked into the school. She was only a few feet from the bathroom when her body involuntarily shuddered and her bladder began leaking uncontrollably.

“What the fuck?!” a woman exclaimed. Samantha swung around. It was a bratty little blonde freshman named Brittany, a fellow dancer who was destined to replace Samantha as principle dancer, and a gaggle of giggling friends. “Oh my god! Sammy’s wetting her pants!” she laughed.

They took out their phones and started snapping photos. “This is so going on facebook!” Brittany teased.

Samantha’s shorts were drenched, and piss was dripping down her tights. She sobbed in humiliation, and ran out of the school, shoving the snickering girls out of the way, vowing to get back at that snot-nosed bitch if it was the last thing she did.

