Shiori

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2013-03-25 07:37

I have written this to go along with one of the movies that were recently uploaded to the vids area. I hope you enjoy it. It is only wetting and involves the wetting girl, a mistress woman who treats her more like a slave, and a man that is more or less just there for the story, and not really important to the events.

There is some BSDM here, but more just on the soft core level of controlling someone else's bladder release. There is no spanking or hurting of the submissive except in forcing her to try to hold it as long as she can. You might even cheer at the end, I'm not sure. Well, have fun reading:

Shiori

“What are you doing?” the mistress Mayuki asked the girl that was on the floor in a pair of old jeans and white t-shirt with her hair in two sets of braids.

“Do you want to be fired? You haven’t really even touched this room yet!”

“I’m sorry, mistress,” the young girl looked up at the woman in a white button down blouse and a dark business skirt. The woman’s face was sincere with disapproval written all over it. Of course, this made Shiori’s condition much worse than it was, because she feared the mistress, or rather, that the mistress would really fire her one day.

“Shiori, why isn’t this room cleaned up?” she asked with a hand on her hip and her face as stone cold as a rock.

“I… I just got to this room,” Shiori said honestly. “I’m going to clean it now.”

“Good. I’ll be in the other room, and when I come back, I want to see this wood floor so shiny, it would be like a mirror.”

“Yes, I understand,” the younger girl bowed as low as her waist would let her.

Then she dropped down to one knee, pulling out a small square of thick cloth with which to wipe the floor. The living room, which she was to wipe, was rather spacious with few furnishings breaking it up, and all of this, Shiori was expected to wipe with nothing but a square of cloth until the floor shined.

In some ways, it reminded Shiori of being in high school again.

She put the cloth firmly in place on the floor, put both of her hands on the cloth, and started to push it down an  invisible aisle on the floor so as to make sure she got every part of it.

Already, Shiori thought about how time was quickly passing. She had been working for this woman for the last two months, something that actually, the woman had done as a kindness for her because before this, the girl had been living on the street, often finding no more refuge than that of an alleyway to block the wind of cold nights. Now, however, she at least had a nice place to sleep and some food on a daily basis.

Shiori wiped back up the way she came, but in a second imaginary row wiping the dust from the floor in one streak that did indeed leave a shine as if the wood had just been varnished. This was her job. She was the maid of this household.

As Shiori started a third line down which would take her right by the low table, a man entered through the front door and looked down at the woman nearly on her hands and knees, her but sticking up so that he thought he was looking at heaven. She dropped her butt and turned to see that Yato had come in.

“Master, I’m sorry. I’m still cleaning.”

“Mayuki came in from the other direction and saw Shiori and Yuto looking at one another. With an indifferent face, she nodded at Shiori to continue her chore while she walked over to the businessman that was dressed in a white shirt, striped blue tie and dark blue dress pants, and she kissed him.

“Welcome home, dear husband.” It seemed that she was taunting Shiori as if she knew that Shiori wanted a man of her own, but somehow didn’t feel that she deserved one. “Shiori is just going to finish cleaning the living room, and then she can get you some refreshment to relax from your hard day at the office.”

Shiori wiped another row.

“That’s fine. I’m actually going to take a shower first anyway,” Yuto informed Mayuki. “I feel as though I’ve crawled through the grime of life for the last eight hours, and as if it is clinging to me like particles of slimy mud.”

“I understand. I’ll just go prepare your evening wear while you are in the bath then.”

Shiori wanted to stop Mayuki and tell her that she needed something, but she felt as though trying to interrupt now, might cause a scene, and she also knew that she was lucky not to be yelled at as it was because she had not finished cleaning the living room before Mayuki had returned though it was unnaturally early for her to come back through, and only brought on by the arrival of her husband from work.

Shiori made a fifth trail of shiny wood appear behind her as the other two departed the room. She sighed as she continued wiping the room until the entire floor was shiny. Then she stood up, her hand on her side, as if it hurt, and she walked over to the storage closet where the sitting pillows were stored.

Just as she opened the closet, Mayuki came in again.

“Good, you’re about done. I want you to get some refreshment ready for the master after you put the pillows down. Then we need to start dinner.”

Shiori nodded knowing that when Mayuki said ‘we’ she really meant that Shiori would be the one cooking while she supervised. But as she placed the last pillow in its proper spot around the table, she looked up at Mayuki with pleading eyes, just a little moist in meekness.

“I’m so sorry, but may I please use the bathroom before getting the refreshments?”

“What are you talking about? Of course, you have to take care of the master of the house before you think about yourself. Are you so foolish as to think like that? Now, come and get the refreshments!”

“Please, I wouldn’t ask, but I really have to go.”

“Then stop stalling and get his refreshments. The longer you stall on nonsense, the longer it will take to just finish so you can do what you want.”

Shiori nodded. Of course, the mistress was right. If she just argued, nothing would get her closer to the bathroom, and it would just make her mistress upset. She walked towards the kitchen a few steps behind Mayuki, her left hand still on her side rubbing it as if to rub the tension from her distraught bladder into oblivion.

“Of course, Yuto likes to drink his sake and have dehydrated fish chips before dinner. You should know that by now, so I expect you to get it automatically from today when he comes in from work.”

Shiori nodded. Of course, she knew that now. She took the little pot for the sake with its little burner to the table and placed it at the master’s seat so he could heat it up while watching television.

Though this was a very expensive house with a western style dining room and table, Yuto really prefers the Japanese style table in the living room.

Once the sake pot, bottle of drink, and dehydrated fish were set out for him, Shiori looked up at Miyuki to see if she could visit the toilet room or not.

She thought she had permission, but she knew better than to assume when it came to the mistress, because assuming was the fastest way to get in trouble.

“So, um, may I go to the bathroom?” she asked again.

“If you hurry,” Miyuki said sternly. “I don’t want the master to wait all night to eat.”

Shiori nodded her head and started towards the toilet. She pulled on the door, but it was locked.

“Mistress!” she called.

Miyuki came towards her, wondering what the helpless child-like young woman wanted now.

“It’s locked,” Shiori whispered.

“Well, when the toilet is locked, what does that usually mean?” Miyuki asked her servant as though she were talking to a two year old.

“Someone is in there?”

“Right. So, you’ll just have to wait a little bit. Come and start dinner.”

“But you said I could go,” Shiori drew back towards the toilet door to emphasize the point.

“Yes, but if someone is in there, I don’t see how you can go, can you?” Shiori shook her head.

“So, come and start dinner, and when you get to a point where you can take a break, you can try again.”

“Please, I don’t think I can wait that long. Can’t I just wait for Yuto to come out and then go?”

“No, you cannot! You are here because we have given you a room but you know you have to work for that room, right?”

Shiori nodded.

“Well, unless you want to get fired, you need to come with me.”

Shiori nodded and walked, or more like stumbled along towards the kitchen, her left hand not leaving her aching side and stomach as she faced the stove.

Miyuki pulled out three pans, some food, and then coughed lightly to let Shiori know that she was expected to begin. Shiori sighed and started to cut up the vegetables. Miyuki retreated to the dining room table to take on the role of supervisor, watching to make sure Shiori continued working, but not whether she was doing it right or not. She was sure that the girl could cook by now, of course.

Shiori shifted her weight as she had to move her hand away from her side and stomach to properly hold the vegetables for cutting. It was starting to feel quite full in her stomach, and her privates tingled with a feeling of burning desire to relieve some waste water, but she knew that it was not going to do any good at the moment to ask.

She cut up some carrots, then started on some cabbage. The time seemed to trickle by as she was working, and she felt like she’d never get to a break, and meanwhile, her stomach was sending signals as if it wanted to pulsate. Sweat dew prickled the top of her head near her hairline. Her eyes squinted a couple of times and her mouth drew tight as sharp breathes were inhaled to keep her in control.

Mayuki smiled at the tortured girl as if she was actually enjoying the predicament that she was in. It was not a new position for Shiori to be in, but still, the humiliation of being like this was still much to bear for the young woman, and she if she wasn’t so afraid of going back to living on the streets, she’d tell the woman to go to you know where, but no, she was scared to go back to that.

Shiori finished cutting up the cabbage, as Mayuki shifted her feet so that her left leg laid across her right thigh.

The young girl was now starting to cut up a sausage piece. They were going to have a kind of stir fry with sausage, cabbage, carrots, and thin chow mein like noodles. It was the Japanese way of making said noodles, not with the hard fried noodles, but with just the ramen style soft ones.

Yuta came into the kitchen momentarily after his bath, his blue shorts and a t-shirt on.

“Shiori’s making dinner,” Mayuki said with a clever smile that told Yuta that she was enjoying something or other. Then she noticed Shiori just as one of Shiori’s feet shifted and she bent her legs drawing in another deep breath.

“Does… does she have to pee?” he asked the mistress.

“If she does, what is it to you? You hired her for me, and whatever I wanted to do with her, remember?”

Yuta nodded. “But if she has to pee, shouldn’t she go?”

“I’ve decided that she has to hold it because she was stalling,” the strict looking woman said her mouth tightening into a frown that gave both Shiori and Yuta a message that they should drop it.

Shiori would have dropped it, but it was much easier to be told to drop something like this than to do it when you are the one suffering from constant signals that your bladder wants to give out.

“Mistress,” Shiori turned to look her way. “Please, may I go before I turn on the stove? I’m really not going to be able to wait.”

Mayuki already could tell that the girl was squirming quite a lot, however, she decided to play dumb about it.

“Well, you will wait, or you be fired. It’s up to you.”

Shiori looked at her, her mouth parted and blowing out hard breathes of anxiety at her predicament. Her ears were burning and her head felt both hot and cool at the same time. What did the woman want from her, for her to really pee her pants in front of her? Until now, she had only ever came close, because Mayuki seemed to call the holding off at the last minute and let her go all the times before, however, she doubted that if she turned on the stove, that she would be allowed to turn it off to go at the last minute, and she was certain she wasn’t going to make it past halfway through heating the food up.

“Please, you don’t understand,”

Shiori said tears slipping out of her eyes as she wiggled in place. “I really honestly can’t wait. I think I’m going to pee my pants. It feels like it’s going to come bursting out at any minute.”

“Well, if you do pee your pants,”

Mayuki looked dead into her eyes. “If you pee yourself like a baby, that’s what you are telling me you are. Do you want me to treat you like a little kid from now on? Maybe put you in diapers?”

“No,” Shiori sniffled trying to keep control of her bladder.

“Then you better hold it until you finish with dinner.”

Shiori turned back to the stove.

“If you say one more word about it, I’ll put you in diapers anyway, so it’s up to you.

Either finish dinner, or you can wear diapers like a little baby.”

Shiori felt her heart grow pins at these words, and the tears in her eyes stung twice as much, but she hobbled about trying to keep control and worked on trying not to bring it up again.

The sausage and stuff was soon in a frying pan sizzling, and as it did so, the sound played tricks with her ears. It was as if there was little difference between that and the sound of pee gushing out of a naked body and just before it hitting the water of the toilet bowl.

She wanted to go so badly, but she just squirmed and even put her left hand between her legs to try to add to the pressure. Was she going to wet? Please, no.

Several seconds passed as she squirmed at the stove, and finally, the sausage, cabbage, and carrots seemed to be finished and tender as they should be.

Shiori turned off the stove and then turned around, her hand still in her crotch of her jeans, trying to control her bladder.

“It’s done?” Mayuki asked.

Shiori, feeling the cool of fear on her head nodded. She was shaking and her dancing had momentarily stopped while she grabbed herself tighter.

Mayuki walked over to the stove and inspected the dinner.

“It looks good. You go ahead and go potty now, and I’ll dish it out,” Mayuki said with a soft smile on her lips.

Shiori hobbled to the bathroom door, turned the knob hoping it would not be locked again. She feared that even another minute would spell disaster for her already weakening muscles. She wasn’t even sure she could get there. She had shuffled her feet so as to not move her thighs away from her groin.

She was delighted when the door handle turned, and she was able to pull the door open.

Did you change the way stories appear, Kiri? It seems that it now keeps the exact format of my microsoft word format, down to how many words per line. It makes it easier for making paragraphs, but I'll have to remember this and maybe use a different font for my next story.

*002*2013-03-25 22:40

{{:

I really enjoyed this story. Desperation and domination are my favorite parts of omorashi, and you describe them very well.

However, I'll admit I was slightly disappointed that the story did not follow the frantic entering of the bathroom and the actual finale. Did she make it? Or did she leak a little and have to hide it? So many questions!! >_<

Otherwise, wonderful job. Thanks for posting!

}}

Sorry, but as a writer, this is my favorite kind of writing, because I like the reader to have a little wiggle room to imagine the ending they'd like. I also like to have the possibility of coming back, and imagining different endings to which I might actually decide on one later, and use that to start a sequel chapter.

*006*2013-04-06 14:44

I know this isn't exactly finished. I'm not sure how I want to end it yet.

I did think that you might like to see where I am with it, though, and maybe someone might have suggestions about where it should go.

Shiori

Another Problem in the Making

Shiori was a lot better at pleasing her mistress and the master of the house about a month later, and she had not had any close calls in that time. The mistress seemed bored of the game where she tried to make her wait as long as possible, and Shiori was very glad of that.

Shiori was now in the living room straightening it up, and Miyuki was watching television occasionally glancing over at her little maid. One thing that she still insisted on, was that Shiori had to wear a cute short skirt, one that was extremely juvenile and showed off her panties when she bent over. She loved Shiori in skirts like that, or in jeans.

Shiori had protested once upon a morning, but now, she just accepted it, and wore the skirts on her own. What did it matter? She never really went anywhere, and the mistress and master had seen her like that many times now.

“Shiori?” Miyuki said from the sofa as Shiori stood up from wiping the floor with the square of cloth. “I want to take a little trip this afternoon, and I don’t want to go by myself. How would you like to get out of the house?”

Shiori looked over at the mistress very surprised. “Really?”

“Yeah, really. Let’s go to Disneyland or something.”

“Can… can I wear jeans?” she stuttered knowing that the mistress had to be obeyed even if she said no. “It’s just… just that in public, this skirt… well, it wouldn’t be so bad, but the panties you always put on me are so childish.”

Miyuki smiled. “I know. I do that so you know your place in this house,” she said. “But I see no reason you can’t wear jeans. It might be a little chilly anyway since the sun isn’t properly out.”

Shiori smiled. It seemed that her mistress was really going to let her enjoy a day out for once.

“Actually, I want you to wear that purple top, too,” Miyuki said. “That one I got you that looks a little more grown up?”

“Really?”

“Yeah. Since we are not in front of Yuto, today, I don’t see any reason for you to dress like you are a child. Who knows, maybe you’ll meet someone you want to talk to, and you wouldn’t want to look like a child in front of that person.”

Shiori smiled and nodded.

“I figured you have been working so hard in the last month, you deserve to actually enjoy a day.”

“When do you want to leave?” Shiori asked.

“I was thinking at eleven.”

“Alright,” Shiori looked up at the clock and realized she’d have to hurry if she was going to get a bath. “Um… do you need me to do anything else?”

“No, just get ready.”

Shiori was in the bath for about fifteen minutes, then started to comb her wet hair in just a towel when Miyuki came in on her.

Miyuki put some hair bands down for her to choose from, and got out some make up.

“What’s this?”

“I just thought you should look your best when you go out,” Miyuki said as if she was talking to a friend rather than her ‘little maid girl.’ “If you’ll let me…,” she reached for the comb that Shiori was dragging through her hair.

Shiori relented, and Miyuki started to brush it into a nice set of braids. She swept back Shiori’s bangs with a purple hair band, and then she started to apply the makeup.

When they were through, Shiori looked quite different from her usual immature image that Miyuki liked her with. She was very pretty, with her slender build, her nicely smooth and tan legs, and her face now nearly blemish-free looking. Her brown eyes shined behind the complementary colors of the makeup, and it was like a completely different, more peaceful spirit was inhabiting the slender small body.

“Alright, get your jeans and that purple top on,” Miyuki said. “Then I want you to drink the orange juice on the table I got for you before we leave.”

This was not strange at all to Shiori. She was used to her mistress insisting she drink something or eat something at odd times of the day because she was not allowed to do anything on her own without permission, and it seemed like her mistress enjoyed giving her stuff to eat or drink when she wanted to.

Shiori started to drink the orange juice down after she was dressed, and then Miyuki pushed her along towards the small dark blue hatchback Subaru.

Suddenly, Miyuki had a change of mind. “I don’t think I want to go to Disneyland this late,” she said. “How about we go to the beach instead?”

Shiori wasn’t picky. Whatever her mistress wanted was fine by her, so she just nodded.

It was a three hour drive to the beach, and along the way, they listened to music and talked as if they were best friends. Shiori even forgot for the moment, that she was Miyuki’s maid, and Miyuki seemed to have forgotten that, at least until Shiori realized two hours in, that she wanted to stop off somewhere.

“Um… Miyuki?” she asked a little nervously knowing that she had no rights if Miyuki didn’t want to stop. “Can we stop off for a minute at the next convenience store?”

“Why? Are you hungry?” Miyuki asked completely oblivious to her maid’s reasons.

“No, but I… I kind of want to use the… the toilet.”

“Oh, is that all?” Miyuki asked. “Well, you don’t have to be so nervous. I have to stop for myself as well, soon, so yeah, I’ll stop in a bit.”

Shiori was relieved to hear that.

It seemed like time was slowing down, but her bladder urgency was starting to speed up. Shiori wasn’t sure why it always seemed to come on her when she was least ready for it, but she closed her legs a bit tighter and looked carefully around for any place that they could stop.

“There’s a ‘family mart,’ (a convenience store in Japan) just ahead,” Miyuki said with a smile on her rosy lips. “How about we stop there?”

Shiori nodded. She didn’t care where they stopped as long as it wasn’t too late.

“When you go in, I’ll give you the money. I want to use the bathroom first, and then after you buy our things, you can go,” Miyuki told her as if it was expected that she just hold it until given permission.

Shiori, though a little panicked in her head, figured that this was the way it would be. Miyuki had told her that she had to go, and most convenience stores only allow one person at a time, so she, being the mistress, would definitely go first.

Shiori waited for Miyuki to stop the car, give her a little money for buying some snacks that she wanted, and then she stepped out of the car and walked into the convenience store going towards the snack aisles while Miyuki went to the back towards the girls’ room.

Shiori pulled some juice out of the refer area, a bag of chips off of the snack aisle and a couple of sandwiches. She could feel a heavy fullness in her stomach that was pressing with intensity as a slight burn of desire tickled her vagina-lips. She really had to go.

She walked up to the cashier, and just as she was standing there, nearly doing a pee dance, Miyuki came out and walked up to her.

“I’ll get this, you go ahead and go,” she whispered opening her purse.

Shiori nodded and started to shuffle to the back of the store towards the toilets. She wasn’t sure if she would even make it, but somehow, by sure will, she made it to the back in time to see three people in line. She sighed as she stood in the back wiggling her legs.

“Look mommy,” a girl behind her pointed. “I think that woman really has to pee!”

“Quiet, Emiru. We don’t say things like that.”

The girl was only about five years old.

Shiori blushed and looked straight ahead at the three people in front of her and the closed bathroom door. She really hoped whoever was in there would hurry, and that the next three people would also not take too long. She was already pushing her limits with her bladder as it was. It seemed to take forever to find the convenience store, and it really was. It had taken at least an hour to find it because they were driving in the mountainous country area.

‘Please, please, please,” Shiori started to mouth under her breath. “Please let me make it. Please, please, please.”

She was bouncing a bit as her knees and thighs were as closed as possible and her shines were slightly spread apart to give her balance as she bounced in place, her hands panicking and restless. She couldn’t openly hold herself in front of these strangers, but she could feel her muscles wavering in strength as wave after wave of pressure was sent from her bladder down her tubing and towards her throbbing girlhood.

Time seemed to trickle by. The lock on the door jingled, and it came open revealing a teenager. She gave the small line a small guilty smile and went to the sink to wash her hands. Shiori shrugged it off.

The next woman went into the stall, but then she gasped as the toilet was flushed again, again, and again. She came back out.

“It’s broke, girls,” she called to them.

The young girl hurried away and to her parents’ car. She didn’t want the others to accuse her of breaking it, even though she was the last one to use it, when it was still working. Shiori wasn’t sure whether it was her fault or not. It didn’t matter, all that did matter, was that there was now only a men’s toilet, and she really had to go.

She cautiously opened the men’s door, but then gasped when she saw that it was nothing but a urinal. There was no way she could use that! She was not like some bold girls who somehow found a way to do so, and so she closed the door, and shuffled in tiny steps towards the door that separated the toilet areas from the shopping area.

Even if she did get Miyuki to pull over again, she was certain that she wouldn’t make it to the next toilet. Still, she had to tell Miyuki, and try to wait because there was no way she could use the toilet there, and she couldn’t wet her pants like a little kid!

She opened the door carefully, to find Miyuki standing there looking stern.

“Took you long enough.”

“There was a line, and… and I can’t even go,” Shiori whimpered.

“What do you mean you can’t go?”

“The toilet is stopped up.”

“Oh, well, get in the car, and I’ll take you somewhere else to go then.”

Shiori shook her head.

“I can’t wait that long. I’m going to wet if I wait for the next stop.”

“Well, what do you want to do?” Miyuki asked.

“I… I don’t know,” Shiori whispered, her face blushing, cooling, and blushing again in turn. She felt as if everyone was looking at her, and with her bouncing movements, and her legs writhing together, it was no wonder if they were.

“Then, just piss your pants,” Miyuki said.

“But…, I thought you said I’d have to wear diapers if I do that.”

“Of course you will,” Miyuki confirmed. “But if you can’t help it, and have to pee your pants, you might as well get it over with.”

“No, no, no,” Shiori whispered. “I’ll hold it.”

“Then let’s get in the car, and I’ll look for a place for you to go.”

“Shiori nodded and shuffled, slower and slower, towards the car, quite certain that it was a lost cause, but unwilling to give up because that would mean not only total embarrassment, but also diapers for however long Miyuki would decide for.

“I… I could pull my pants down around back the store and go,” she suddenly decided.

“You would do that?” Miyuki asked in surprise.

“Better than wetting my pants,” Shiori said.

“Better that than living at my house?” Miyuki asked.

“Huh?”

“You heard me. I don’t want an indecent person working for me.”

“But…, I’m not indecent!”

“Then you won’t pee out where anyone might look at you.”

“They won’t. I’ll be behind the store. I don’t think anyone would go back there.”

“Well, someone would, or you wouldn’t have thought of it. And as far as I’m concerned, it’s indecent to pull your pants down outside no matter what, so you can either move out when we get home, or you can hold it.”

“I’ll… I’ll hold it,” Shiori’s shoulders sagged. “But it’s not my fault. Someone stopped up the toilets.”

“Yeah, yeah, I know. I told you that you can pee your pants.”

“Yeah, but then you’ll diaper me,” Shiori said. “Besides, everyone will see me in these wet jeans, and know what I did.”

“Yeah, that’s true,” Miyuki said. “Well, just try to wait as long as you can. I’ll try to find you a bathroom as soon as possible.”

Shiori didn’t know how she managed to get to the car without leaking at all, but she did, and when she sat down, she hoped it would relieve some of the pressure, but instead, it seemed to intensify it as her stomach was folded in on itself now causing pressure to be felt from the outside of her stomach. She unbuttoned her jeans.

Miyuki didn’t seem to notice, or she didn’t say anything about it.

The car was started and Shiori felt her stomach vibrating with the engine of the car. It was like fate was conspiring against her. She really hoped not to have to wear diapers because of leaking into her pants.

In less than five minutes, they were pulling out of the convenience store. Miyuki was keeping her seemingly straight, but from time to time, she looked out the corner of her eye towards the struggling young maid. There was a small smile on her lips, but she was trying to keep it from getting too wide because she didn’t want Shiori to know that she was enjoying this.

Shiori was too entranced in her own problems to notice anything else going on around her, even her mistress’s sly thin smile that was fighting to come out, and her eyes glancing towards her. She swayed both legs together as she tried to hold herself hard. She moaned heavily. Coolness that should have been heated sweat was teasing her hairline and she felt almost sick to her stomach.

“Please! Please! Please don’t let me pee my pants!” she thought over and over as she dug her fingers into the fabric of her pants trying to keep them dry.

“You aren’t going to make it, are you?” Miyuki said which seemed very tantalizing to the young girl. “I mean, I bet you’re already leaking.”

Shiori shook her head no, but she couldn’t utter a word because she was using every bit of effort she had to just keep her piss where it should be stored until the proper time and method of release presented itself.

“I know you are,” Miyuki said. “I don’t see any point in you trying to hold it any more. You’re just going to be uncomfortable until it happens anyway, right?”

“Do you want me too?” Shiori gasped out whispers trying to keep control.

“Not really, but if you do go, I’ll understand. You just can’t hold it anymore, and I don’t really think that’s your fault.”

Shiori had tears in her eyes as her head felt even cooler where she thought it should feel hotter. Her legs were shaking as much from nervousness as from having to go now, and her arms were trembling like a miniature earthquake.

“If you pee you pants,” Miyuki went on. “Since it’s not your fault that that other toilet was clogged, I’ll not put you in a diaper, but in exchange, you have to do something I want from you, and you will not know what that will be until I’m ready to ask. Do we have a deal?”

Shiori was still struggling to hold herself in. She didn’t want to wet her pants even if she was not going to have to wear diapers over it. She was too old for that!

“No?” Miyuki asked. “If not, then you better not wet until we get to a toilet. If you agree now, whether you make it or not, at least, if you don’t make it, you won’t have to wear a diaper.”

Shiori sighed, and then nodded.

“So, do you agree?”

She nodded.

“Good. Now, go ahead and pee your pants. You aren’t going to make it anyway. And later, when I want, you will do what I say.”

Shiori looked up at her. She really didn’t want to wet her pants even if she had made the deal already.

“Now!” Miyuki barked. “Do as your mistress says. Show me you trust my judgment, and that you want to stay at my house, still.”

Shiori looked at her feeling trapped. She thought that Miyuki was being a little strange and unreasonable, but she knew that she couldn’t argue with her about it because that would just get her in trouble. She sighed and started to try to pry her legs apart.

Her body didn’t want to relax, and her legs wanted to stay melted together, but she knew that she could not disobey her mistress.

“I’m trying,” she whispered as she tried to force her legs apart. 

