The Tragedy of Lauren Frazier

Author: pogbernard

*000*2013-12-27 00:49

The Tragedy of Lauren Frazier

Prologue:

One girl, whom beams with *some* dignity

(In fair Burningham where we lay our scene).

From swollen bladders due to much tarry

Where forbidden liquids make civil pants unclean

From forth the fatal loins of procrastination

A desperate girl does relax her gates

Whose embarrassing presence overthrows

The strife in which her life hath been consumed.

The fearful aching inside her bladder

And the continuance of waste stockpiling.

Which, but release, naught could soothe,

Is now but for thou to sit and read--

So do read, with discerning eyes

And watch her grievous fate unfold indefinitely.

Lauren turned away from the book that lay on her desk. She was too concerned on her ever-filling bladder than Romeo and Juliet (which, now, she could hardly read). She could feel her reserves of urine trying even harder than before to break out of her. With tears in her eyes she struggled to sit still. Suddenly a harder wave struck her walls and released a small spurt into her panties. Knowing that her last defenses were starting to break, she felt it was time to put more manual (as literal as the word manual can get [meaning with her hands]) work into holding back the inevitable collapse. using both hands, she applied ample force against her pee hole, hoping to survive another fifteen minutes of her English class. She was an optimistic girl, but even she could see what was about to happen if she did not soon relieve herself.

Lauren was a sixteen-year-old girl attending an average public school and leading a normal life. She was fairly skinny and short, 5’3”, and had long, wavy, black hair. Though she was never too popular with the boys, no one could deny that her smile glowed bright and her eyes were serene. She had no interest in what most may think popular or ‘cool’; for this she was not really interacted with. She was never bullied, nor had she ever felt like she was. She was merely an introvert with tastes unique. Other than that, she was like everyone else; normal. She wished for nothing more, and nothing more she got.

Until this day of course. It seems today that the Gods willed her to be plagued with the curse of notoriety. Then again, it could be her own thoughtlessness that got her into this mess.

###

That Morning:

“Lauren! Come on, dear, you have to go to school! You can’t sleep forever!” Lauren’s eyes slowly opened in response to her mother’s call. Is it morning already? She thought as she rose from her nest of blankets. The last thing she had remembered doing was constructing her den, then reading her favorite books. She must have been up late, because all she could do was complain about her lethargy. As soon as she got the will to get out of her bed, however, she noticed another thing to complain about. She had not used the restroom since last night, and now needed to pee. Being the lovely procrastinator she is, decided it wasn't one of her priorities at the moment and proceeded to head towards the exit of her room.

After several steps, Lauren noticed something. She felt a warm liquid running down her leg. Curious to what it may be, she decided to touch the area she felt it at. To her surprise, and ultimate dismay, she found that her pajama bottoms were also warm and wet, and that her problem was none other than the fact she was peeing her pants! She snapped out of her state of shock and stopped the flow of her urine.

After this, she was now more awake. Scared that her mother may find out, she took off her pajamas and panties and threw them in the corner of her closet. I’ll deal with those later… She thought as she grabbed a pair of nice, pink-striped panties and a pair of jeans.

She slid them both on one leg at a time as most normal folk would. She then took a bra (she doesn't wear one to bed) and a purple T-shirt out of her closet and put them on as well. Once she thought she looked nice enough, she continued downstairs. As she sluggishly walked down the stairs, Lauren thought to herself: Maybe I really should use the bathroom. I might not get another chance later…

“Lauren! If you don’t come here right now, you won’t have time for breakfast!”

Her slow steps turned into hurried lunges as she headed down the stairs to the kitchen. Upon arrival, she found that a cup of nice, home-brewed coffee along with a plate of waffles were waiting for her.

“Thank you, mom! You are aweso--” She stopped. She felt her urge to pee come again, and this time it came back a little stronger. This was nothing she couldn't handle, however, she had just let her guard down.

“What’s the matter dear?”

“Oh, nothing!”

“Well eat your food then. We have to go!”

Lauren finished her food with much haste and hurried into her mother’s car (Lauren did not particularly like school buses, for the kids on them were far too loud). They only lived about ten minutes from the school, but today they had left late. Late as in, “oh my gosh” late. Lauren had only twenty minutes before her first bell rung and it took her at least five minutes to get to her class. Normally, Lauren would have been fine, but today was completely different.

As they were traveling down the road to the school, Lauren started to worry. She felt her bladder start to fill and it was not nice at all. She started thinking about what she would do as soon as she was dropped off. She decided that when she was there, she would go to the building closest to her and use the restroom inside. She didn't care for putting thought into these things. Besides, it’s kind of hard to do so when you need to pee and you are worried for the events to come.

The car stopped suddenly and scared the piss out of Lauren. Luckily, only a small spurt leaked into her underwear before she ceased the stream.

“Okay, dear, have a great day at school!” Her mother nudged her into the closed passenger door to the car, which Lauren was slow to open. She finally opened it and dashed to the building nearest her without a single thought. She didn't have to go too urgently, but it was enough to annoy a teenage girl.

“What… the hell is this?!” Lauren couldn't believe her eyes. There was a girl, that seemed around the same age as her, peeing on the door of the girls’ bathroom. People were gathered around (there were many boys, for her girlhood was showing. A lot.) her, watching her commit public urination and chanting words of little sense.

“We will no longer be oppressed by society! Today is our day!” She yelled with passion and vigor. This girl was one worthy to lead a cause. She could probably lead a war and win with nothing but her wellspring of morale. It really is too bad that she ended up fighting for a cause she most likely doesn't understand.

Her stream splashed against the end of the door, soaking the wood and making it dark. The excess pee bounced off and started a puddle beneath her feet. A prominent hissing noise could be heard and seemed as though she was enjoying herself. Her stream started dying and that’s when she decided to stand up and turn towards the crowd. With dwindling stream of urine still coming from her, she gave her last words to the crowd,

“Fight for what you think is right! Love is not wrong! I am here because of fate!” She then collapsed on the floor; falling in her own puddle. Soon after her fall, some administrators came in and cleared everyone out and cleaned the mess. Nothing was heard from that girl since…

After witnessing a crazy display of urination, Lauren felt her bladder ache more. She shoved a hand in between her legs to help support, but by the time she was comfortable, the bell had rung and students were heading to class. With tears filling in her eyes, she carefully walked to her English class. When she stepped into the classroom, she hoped the teacher had not noticed her tardiness. Thankfully he was too busy chewing out one of her classmates for throwing rusty nails at other students. She took her seat in the back of the classroom and prayed. She prayed not to a god, but instead prayed to her bladder. You can tell she really was against her fate.

The teacher decided that confiscation of the student’s nails was punishment enough and began teaching the class.

“Well alright, class. Let me get something straight here. This is an English class. I need you all to stop putting rat traps inside of my desk drawers!” As if it were on cue, a kid in the classroom started chuckling to himself.

“Anyways, today it’s gonna be easy. I have divorce papers and other crap to go through so we’re gonna act like we do something today. Open your book to, uh…. Romeo and Juliet or something and read for fifteen minutes. I don’t care. When you’re done, I really couldn't care less what you do. Just please leave me the hell alone… I hate kids.” With those words, the teacher went back to his desk and began to sleep.

Lauren started to wonder if this was all just a crazy dream or something, but that thought was soon shattered by a devastating wave of desperation. She crossed her legs together as tight as she could and pulled out the textbook underneath her and laid it on the desk. She turned to the story and began to read.

###

Now:

Her optimism soon ran low when another strike of urine attempted to make its way out. Another jet of pee escaped, further wetting her striped panties. I really can’t do this.. I should run out of the classroom right now… ooh! She held herself as best as she could. She gathered the attention of one of the other students. They turned around and said,

“Hey, you alright?” the look in their eyes showed concern. This person seemed to truly care for others, and wished the best for those around them. They meant only to help Lauren’s poor soul, but unfortunately, their inquiry did something far worse.

Lauren was startled very much by the student, and, in response, jumped out of her seat and squealed in fear. She then realized that the squealing had attracted the rest of the class. Now she was standing in the back of the room in a scared stance. The humiliation of the situation didn’t seem to affect her. Only the urine passing through her girlhood into her clothing fazed her.

The hissing coming from her pee hole indicated that she was now in the process of wetting herself. Her hot, yellow stream shot against her saturated panties and started to run down her legs. If she wasn’t in this situation, she’d probably start playing with herself. Her pee started to fall to the ground with a harsh dripping sound and made a growing puddle. She stood there peeing for another good thirty seconds until her stream began to slow down into a trickle. Still feeling sublime from the relief, Lauren decided to sit back in her desk and relax. When the stream finally stopped, she decided it was a nice time to sleep.

When she was just about to close her eyes….

~~~~~~~~~

“Lauren! Come on, dear, you have to go to school! You can’t sleep forever!” Lauren woke up with a shock when these word were heard. She was even more shocked to find she was back in her room inside of her nest. However, she was most surprised when she realized she had wet herself while she was dreaming.

“Oh, damn it!” She cursed to herself as she got out of her blankets to go to her closet.

She then proceeded to get dressed in similar clothes, eat a similar breakfast, and get into the same situation again. Eventually when she wet herself, she woke back up in her room, wet. You know how long this lasted? Forever. The worst part is… she doesn't even know it.

Lauren closed the book that laid on her desk.

“That was a stupid story… God, when are those fifteen minutes gonna end? I hafta pee…”

THE END

Alright! This was my first fiction I have posted onto this site so far. For the longest time I had no ability to post because of the device I was using, so I could never contribute. Now I actually have something I can use, and I wish to contribute to this amazing community as well. Please mind any mistakes and I hope you enjoy. I literally didn't think about what I was typing when I was typing. Oh, and Happy Holidays!

*003*2013-12-27 23:24

{{: 

The "poem" is clearly a modification of the opening chorus of Romeo and Juliet

, which is made more explicit by the mention of Romeo and Juliet immediately afterward. It's a nice touch, although seeing Birmingham spelled "Burningham" is a bit distracting...

}}

Oh, I just saw this myself. I do apologize. I suppose I hadn't really looked it over as much as I should have. I'll see if I can fix that.

*005*2013-12-28 22:21

{{: 

Ok so I actually took the time to read this story which is rare for me since lately almost all of the stories here have been quite generic and bland. This story shows promise, but in all, it's far from complete and still needs quite some work. I'm going to offer some detailed constructive criticism now, not because I want to be an ass, but because I want to see you grow as an author. You show some glimmers of real talent and that should be nurtured. At times it might sound harsh, but I'm going to be completely honest in the hopes that you can take the criticism and improve. Don't take this in the wrong way and think I'm just trying to be a douche.

...

}}

Wow. I thank you very much for this reply. I must admit that I meant to write scenes in a very... weird manner. This was on purpose because... well... I figured I might as well make this story as weird as possible. I suppose in retrospect it was distracting. The quality of this story, however, is not nearly as well as it should have been. I definitely put little time into this story, to be frank, As soon as I finished, after about an hour or two, I posted it. After reading through it a few more times... I can really see how much of a shitty story I made :P. I'm not discouraged though. All it really does is make me want to work harder.

Thank you again for your time to tell me what I could work on. Rest assured that you are no ass, and that you helped reassure my feelings in doubt of this story. I will definitely heed your advice and take plenty of time writing and editing my next story. I'll try to make my story a little less unrealistic so it doesn't take away from it. Please continue to give advice and constructive criticism. It helps.

*007*2013-12-29 08:02

{{: 

While Gaarm's post does accurately state that this story isn't perfect, stories like this are beautiful not just in their content but the effort you obviously put in. Not only did you make several allusions to Romeo and Juliet, you captured tone and the setting perfectly. While there was a little bit of unnecessary information included, I think that gives more depth to the story rather than take away from it. I'm excited to see more from you in future, not even just omorashi stories, but any literature you make in future.

}}

I've never really made anything like this to be honest. I love writing. I've written several things that are most likely far better quality. Erotic writing... isn't really my strong suit. But, hey, that's why I'm here, isn't it? To improve. Thank you for the comment

