Short Desperate Drive

Author: Polaris

*000*2013-01-23 14:44

This is mostly true but the names have been changed to protect the downright guilty :shock: :shock: :D

I had just reached Aber and driven to the harbour, the lads, all three of them, had just finished another lager each, making that about 2 lagers and 2 soft drinks each, differing variety! Dan threw the cans into a skip as we passed one. We had actually stopped and he loitered for a moment by it. We were in a secluded area, businesses, but I would of known what he wanted if I was “with it” more. I called back to him and he hurried back to the car and we left straight away.

We carried on towards the front and pier, but it was a narrow road that was having roadwork’s to shore up the sea wall. So it was traffic light controlled and there were quite a few cars around. Otherwise we could have stopped on the front to look at the view. The waves crashing over the harbour break was quite an impressive sight in a storm, and even at high tide with a bit of a wind the whitecaps could be seen. So passing that we reached the sea front and drove all the way to the end and turned and headed back.

It was brightly lit and still had some daylight left, the bars were spilling out onto the road and the students crowding the area, so we headed back through the town, the quieter streets towards the harbour right through the middle of the town. Past the 24h garage, the bus station, the train station and the oldest roundabout in the town. Back towards the harbour. Finally, we turned away and caught the traffic lights on orange so went ahead. As we passed the castle statue Dan called out in his strong Welsh accent, urgent and important

"Can we stop, I need to go for a pee!?"

"It's not really possible. Why didn't you say back there?" I asked, having been near the Harbour Toilets. There was silence, then after whispering in the back in Welsh "Everybody knows that its used by perverts!" He groaned, as if in terrible pain

"And they would be this late?" I asked "You'd only be in there for about a minute tops, and if you were scared I could go and check for you first if you had wanted, then kept people out while you went, I am sure we used to do that for younger kids on school trips?!" he didn't like being criticised that way, the others giggled "Or perhaps they said that so you wouldn't go there yourself when you had to go?"

"Just stop the car, I really have to go, right now!!" He moaned, pleading, sounding in agony, he bent over and held his tackle, fist to groin, so tight his knuckles went white! Jay grinned at me from the passenger seat

"Look, just hold it OK?!" he didn’t like that idea

"I can't! I'm bursting for a pee!" He cried out, he sounded in a lot of pain, almost hysterical

"Look Dan, your what, 18? Surely you can hold yourself for a bit longer!" I said sarcastically, Jay muffled a laugh, so did Chas

"I already have! I really can't hold it any more!" he pleaded, desperate to go. His bladder no doubt acutely full to bursting point; He must have had warnings for a while but I knew he was a bit of a poser and had probably tried to out-wait the other two. Jay was nearly 18 and had pointed this out a few days ago chatting about this.

"It's too late now. I'm in Pier Street now!" As we passed the brightly lit Pier

"I can go in a doorway" He would try anything as he pleaded

"Don't be stupid! The police will arrest you for that"

"Yeah, but I'd have gone then" he seemed triumphant

"Indeed, and it will be on CCTV, I am sure you're parents would love to see that!" he suddenly didn’t like the idea anymore!

"Please! I'm in agony" he cried in distress!

"Ok, look, if you're really cant wait we'll go somewhere around town, ok?"

"Thanks!" He groaned, then I stopped, he seemed frantic again. It was on the high street, people bustling around and no where near any side streets

"Just going to get some cash before they run out, Jay wants something later to play with" Jen blushed deep red but Dan didn’t seem to hear that, he was hunched over and breathing hard through his mouth, he was rocking back and forth on the seat and his legs were tightly closed. He pointed out he had had two mugs of tea before leaving home as well! His hands had moved to the upper legs of his trousers and he kept clenching and unclenching his fists around the material and breathing through his mouth

"Can't it wait?" he whimpered, his eyes brimming with tears

"No! Its usually empty after 10 pm! Besides, you should have said earlier. We’ve passed loads of public toilets. This town has a few because of all the students here and the drink loads and pee loads” I wasn’t helping, but he’d brought it on himself earlier with his holier than thou attitude

"Well hurry up or these seats will need to be cleaned!" I leaned back and smiling I rested my hand on his leg, about a foot from his groin and squeezed, he gasped in pain

"Well, I'm sure you don't mind footing the bill to get it cleaned, and if you do I'll personally castrate you with a sheep castrating tool, Jay will explain one to you! I’m sure you’ve met them?” he nodded slowly and meekly and closed the door.

I hurried across the road, there was a queue of about 4 people and more than once he opened the window and stared at me, his pleading facial expressions were almost comical! Eventually I got to the machine and took out some money. Dan was tightly crossing his legs and holding on even more than before, he was doubled up

Almost as if on cue Jay piped up and said he needed a pee as well, and then Chas did! It was probably trying to make Dan feel better, but I knew Jay for one could hold quite a lot for ages. He’d out-waited me and I was older! I put the money and wallet away in the glove box and as I glanced over at Jay's lap, I saw he was massaging his cock, swollen to almost double size in his trousers. I wasn’t sure if it was a side effect of Dan’s condition or those skimpily clad students that had walked past wearing a thick belt for a mini skirt and showing enough cleavage to cause discomfort in most men below the age of 60. Dan in the back was looking rather pale, a light sheen was reflecting off his face and he was repeating the position of before I’d gone over the road. He croaked out “Go! I’ve got to go! Go!” Chas was smirking next to him. I fired up the car and pulled out into traffic.

Having spent more time in the town myself than the others I asked for suggestions of where they wanted to go and they mentioned road names. Queen Street. Well, I knew there was 2 on that so went to the first. Parked up, and there was a Police car nearby. Not unusual, the old Police carpark was nearby. All three dismounted and walked up the walkway along the white corridor towards the public toilets. Dan couldn’t stand straight, his legs were bent slightly and he was tilting forwards. He used a wall to steady himself then managed to walk oddly up the pathway to the toilets. Chas had run ahead, hand clamped between his legs and abused the door

“Locked” he called back before we were even half way. Dan whimpered and turned back, he looked around for anywhere but it was just a brightly lid passageway and a Police car at the end. So we returned to the car. Dan eased himself in, wincing, with Jay in the front and Chas in the back. Chas said the other one was closed for refurbishment so we skipped that and headed back to the town. I wasn’t rushing, but I wasn’t dawdling either. I was directed to the 3 others the lads knew of in the next 15 minutes. Thanks to the one way system it was the long way around. I knew Dan had already had driving lessons and so didn't complain about them but Jay was more confusable.

Finally we passed R Avenue and idling at the lights on red Dan let out a soft moan, a glance back and he was squeezing his bulge and there was a dark glistening patch about the size of a wallet spreading over his groin

“I’ve got to pee so bad, forget the toilet, this road leads to wasteland” I nodded and off we went. I wasn’t rushing, although there was more pleading in the back. It was only a mere few minutes before I pulled into the far end of the carpark and stopped the engine. Dan staggered out but before he got far, Jay called out

“Hey, I've got an idea! Just to prove how much of a man you are…” If Dan wasn’t desperate he would have decked Jay; he had that look. Jay slipped to the boot and extracted 3 mostly empty bottles of water. I carried them full normally and on a road trip would drink about a litre of water. The empties went in the boot to reuse them with fresh tap water. Jay pulled the sports caps off and handed a one litre one over to him and grinned. I didn't say anything but Jay had one and so did Chas.

Dan already had his other hand full, squeezing his bulge to prevent any more glistening leakages and couldn’t stand straight and looked scared and surprised at the same time. I opened another bottle and poured the contents to the tarmac roadway. That spurred Dan on at the very least and they all slipped to their own spots on the deserted waste ground

There was some muffled dual language curses before a gasp, then a cry of relief followed by the noisy splattering into the bottles. I already knew they were all uncut so figured they had all had to pull the sheaths back a little so as not to cause flooding issues whilst filling the bottles. Almost a three handed operation, but they were managing without outside assistance.... Dan slipped back to Welsh and I was sure he was criticising me. Not that I cared. Their body language signified they all relaxed standing up and Dan was panting a bit.

Chas was the first to finish and slipped back, presenting me with a warm clear half full litre bottle. He said quietly that Dan had questioned my parentage until Jay had pointed out he hadn't actually asked until the last minute and brought it upon himself! Jay returned next with about three quarters of a litre but he had a grin on his face and his boner remained. They both relaxed sitting on the side of the road when Dan returned. He looked relaxed and mildly happy. He presented me with a full to the brim bottle of clear warm pee and sighed

“Sorry, had to be careful not to spill any” he sighed and sank on the ground next to the boys. He stared down at his trousers

“Nearly made it” he sighed and leaned back. I added the tops to them and handed them over

“Souvenirs”, and gave Dan a small disposable cloth towel, about A4 sized. Sitting down on the tarmac he released his belt, button and zip and eased the cloth into between his legs and the trousers to soak up the liquid and cupped it around his groin as his boxers were quite a bit more damp. We climbed back into the car

“MacDonald’s anyone?”

