The Tale of Tom the Dsperate Zombie

Author: superweirdstuff1

*000*2013-10-26 18:04

Authors Note:

Major thanks to Anubis for giving me the inspiration for this story. It will be 5 chapters long, Also visit my other post so you can decide which topic I will write about next. I will end the vote for the next topic soon after I finish the last installment of this story.

CHAPTER 1:

THE OUTBREAK

"I have to piss" was the only thing I could think about. I hadn't pissed since my last break at 8. It was around 12:30 now and I had half an hour until lunch. I was typing steadily on my computer inputting data for the company I worked for. I drank the last gulp of my second water bottle and threw it into the bin with a grimace. I knew it would come back to haunt me. After a few calls and numbers hastily typed into my computer it was finally break. I was one of the last people to finish up as usual and made my way through the empty office. As I was walking by the break room towards the restroom I glanced in the small room and saw everyone standing around the one small TV in the corner.

"Holey Shit! Tom you have to see this. It's unreal."

Uhg the last thing i want to do is watch some stupid clip of a cat or something. I replied, "Not now Mike I gotta piss."

"You can hold it. You reeeaally need to see this. It isn't good."

I made my way towards one of my only friends in the office and looked at the old TV. The News channel was on and there was a reporter with a hefty guy wearing a blood splattered white T-shirt. He was also sporting a pump shotgun and a rather large knife in his belt loop. The guy looked at the camera and said," You hafta aim for the head if you want them dead. Body shots may only scare 'em away." A loud yell was from the background and the camera was knocked to the ground. The reporter began screaming and a few gun shots went off. At that point the camera changed to an over view of the city. The streets were filled with cars, smoke was coming from everywhere, and gun fire could be clearly heard. That was when the fire alarm in the building started going off, and snapped me back into reality. A voice came on over the intercom.

"PLEASE REMAIN CLAM. THE MILITARY WAS ORDERED AN EVACUATION OF THE BUILDING. PLEASE MAKE YOUR WAY TO THE LOBBY. THANK YOU."

The alarm continued to blare as everyone filed out of the break room toward the elevators. As I walked by the restroom I hesitated before I continued to walk.

"Tom get your ass over hear. The elevators are going to take way to long. Lets take the stairs."

I reluctantly fallowed him remembering about my filling bladder. As we walked down the stairs we were joined by a few people. When we finally reached the lobby we turned the corning to see what was going on. Tom pushed me back around the corner.

"I don't feel good about this the military doesn't seem to be letting anybody leave they're just piling them up on the other side of the room."

We stayed by the stair well with our heads round the corner watching everything. The people behind us joined the ever growing crowd. The elevators dinged dropping off another 30 or so people. Their was at least 10 military guys just standing there giving orders to every one waving around their assault rifles. One guy was talking to Sara, the receptionist. we heard him ask her, "Is this everyone?" She looked really nervous and shrugged. Their was no way of knowing if every one was there. Minutes went by and more and more people joined the crowd, and my bladder continued to fill. I began bouncing up and down and squirming. Luckily it was only Mike and I by the stair well.

"HEY! I thought we were supposed to be EVACUATING?" was yelled out of the crowd. It was none other than JIm. Jim has been working at the offices longer than anybody on my floor. People always said he was one of those crazy guys that prepped for the end of the world. Some even said he went as far as installing an underground bunker under his shed.

A few agreements could be heard from the crowed, but the military continued to stand there doing nothing. At this point Jim had inched his way to the corner of the room near a giant flower pot. The security guard, Miguel, disappeared into the security room briefly and returned leaning against the reception counter. The main military guy walked out the lobby for a second and ran back inside. He confronted another dude then went back outside. When he came back in he pause for a moment before saying, "Green Light."

"WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU MEAN GREEN LIGHT!?" was yelled from the crowd. I recognized the voice to be John's. John served in the military for several years before retiring and getting a desk job here.

Five military guys lined up facing the crowd of now terrified, screaming crowd of people. The Military guys then did the unbelievable. They opened fire onto the crowd shooting and killing everyone. Anybody who tried to run was shot by another guy behind the five soldiers in front. Jim, who was now crouched behind the flower pot, had gotten a gun from somewhere and was shooting back at the marines. He shot one and he fell to the ground then another. The elevators dinged and opened revealing more petrified civilians. The military dudes then slaughtered them in a hail of gun fire. Jim stopped shooting and was behind the flower pot taking cover. Miguel, the security guard, stood from behind the reception counter and began shooting at the marines. He hit two before he was shot by the automatic rifles. His body collapsed by Sara who was really freaked out.

"Tom we have to get the fuck out of here! go back up the stairs!"

Mike was already a head of me when he yelled that at me. I turned to run then heard a loud screech. I stopped and turned around to see a catering truck bust through the glass doors into the lobby. It took out three of the marines when it busted through the doors and slammed into the reception counter. I looked at Sara who was still sitting behind the counter. she had crawled toward the stair well and was now sitting with her back against the counter. She was covered in dust and crying in fear. That was when I noticed a wet patch on the front of her jeans. It continued to spread and formed a puddle beneath her. I couldn't believe that she just pissed herself. I wanted to help her, buy couldn't. Tom was yelling at me to hurry up. I looked at him then back at Sara and ran through the lobby and slid behind the counter.

"Are you ok? Are you hurt? Do you think you can make it back over to the stair well?"

She looked at me still crying and just nodded her head. I peeped my head over the counter and saw one of the two remaining marines walk over to the flower pot where Jim was Still hiding. The other guy was tending to the couple guys that got hurt either from bullets or from the truck. The guy by the flower put had his side arm out and was aiming at the pot. When from the pile of corpses by the wall sprang John. He ran up to the unsuspecting marine at the flower pot and talked him. This knocked the pistol out from his hand. John lunged for the pistol and rolled when he got it. He shot the guy he tackled in the leg and foot. This finally got the attention of the other marine on the other side of the lobby. John was quick and shot the other marine in the head before he could do anything. I stood up shakily and helped Sara up who leaned against the counter.

"DONT SHOOT! Whoa that was some shit. what the hell was up with that?"

John looked at me and said, "I guess the government is gone. This was an act of self-preservation. Not a military order." John walked over the guy he shot in the leg and began questioning him. "WHAT THE FUCK IS YOUR PROBLEM!? WHY THE FUCK DID YOU KILL CIVILIANS?"

The marine looked up at him and said, " Fallowing orders. They don't want the infection to spread."

"SO YOU'RE GOING AROUND KILLING INCOCENT PEOPLE? THESE PEOPLE EXPECT TO BE SAVED BY YOUR SORRY ASS NOT SLAUGHTERED FOR NO FUCKING REASON!"

John then ripped the gas mask off the marine. He looked at me and told me to grab the cuffs off of Miguel. I did what I was told. John cuffed the marine and began to take the gear and armor off another. John was about to hop through the window when to picked up the wounded marine by the back of his shirt and threw him through the shattered window.

"I'm going home you all can do what you like." He then hopped through the window.

Jim left soon after with a bullet proof vest, a fully loaded assault rifle, a knife, and some beef jerky he got off the marines. Mike and I had no where to go so we were just going to stay at the building over night. I noticed Sara was sitting on the stairs by her self. I was going to go and talk to her when I was hit with a bladder spasm. I completely forgot about my need to piss during the chaos. I speed walked over to the restrooms and finally relived my self.

END

*002*2013-11-18 03:33

{{:

Excellent story. i love fear wettings. any chance that sara might mess herself from fear in a future chapter??

}}

There most definitely will be more fear wetting and I'm glad you enjoyed. as for the messing, if you meant wetting then yes there will definitely be more. If you meant poop then I'll have to think about it. I know a lot of people on this site don't like messing. I'm not one of those people so I would consider putting it an installment. I hope you check out the second chapter as well.

*004*2013-11-18 21:02

{{: 

I actually meant to post that on the second chapter but i had both chapters open in different tabs and posted it here by accident

}}

Its cool, but I would still like a clarification about what you meant when you said messing.

*006*2013-11-19 22:11

{{: 

Oh sorry i meant panty pooping

}}

Like I said before its a definite maybe. I wouldn't care if I put it in, but some people don't like panty pooping. I'm in the middle on this one, and will think about it while writing the next chapter.

*008*2014-03-21 13:40

{{: 

Kinda hard to follow but good stuff, action packed and a delicious fear wetting. i didn't realize this was going to be a female fear wetting when you first posted it, the title 'tom the desperate zombie' is kinda misleading and there's no fear wetting tag. glad i finally came back to it.

}}

Yea writing isn't really my thing. I just thought I should give it a go and see how it turns out. So far so good. Recently I haven't felt inclined to write and have been busy. I actually forgot about this for awhile. Also thanks for your feed back and be sure to check out the other chapters.

