A Routine Cleaning

Author: fullbladder

*000*2014-06-08 19:14

Vanessa adjusted her tight white blouse to make sure just the right amount of cleavage was exposed. A hint of her lacy red bra peeked back at her in the rear-view mirror. She was an absolute knockout and she knew it. Men turned heads to admire her curvy Filipino body everywhere she went. She loved the attention- it was part of the reason she had become a dentist. Innocently rubbing her 36D breasts against the heads of horny teen boys or bending over at just the right angle as she worked was her favorite perk about her job. She loved nothing more than seeing men try to suppress their erections from her view while being helplessly stuck in the dentist's chair.

The 5'9 brunette had just started out as a dental assistant as she gained experience to work as a dentist. With brains to match her stunning looks, she had secured more than her share of interviews as a top 10 graduate in her class. She had quickly accepted her first offer after sitting down with the cute young dentist named James; he had just opened his own practice two months ago. She was pleased with the absence of a wedding ring as well as the obvious interest he had in her. More than anything, she loved how he was able to amuse her daily with flirtatious conversation. The sexual tension between the co-workers had been getting ever thicker and Vanessa had not hesitated to wear increasingly revealing attire.

Today was a big day for her. She would be doing a procedure on her own, albeit a simple cleaning. James had told her that he would be locking the door and supervising her via camera. He would only interject if something was going horribly wrong. The reason for the set-up was to make sure Vanessa felt completely alone during the procedure and didn't get tempted to seek help. He had reassured her that she had done this procedure several times without his help and he would be monitoring closely.

As Vanessa walked in, James greeted her with a cup of coffee which she gladly accepted. She was pleased to see his eyes glean her cleavage before inviting her to sit down. Purposefully, she moved to her seat slowly, giving him ample opportunity to admire her ass. James quickly went over the patient's details with her and asked if she had any questions. Vanessa replied that she didn't, gulped down the remaining coffee, and she was on her way to meet the 25 year-old Caucasian female named Nicole.

James locked the door behind Vanessa as she walked in and left her to the cleaning. Nicole was beautiful- a tall, slim blonde with curves in the right places. Vanessa stopped in her tracks, admiring the cute girl waiting in the leather chair.

Gathering herself, Vanessa started with an introduction. "Hi I'm Vanessa. You must be Nicole."

Nicole nodded, her legs bobbing a little in the chair. Vanessa could sense her nervousness, not an unusual feeling at the dentist's office.

"Well, we have a cleaning scheduled today. It will be quick and easy, nothing to be worried about. Let's get started."

As Vanessa put the blue bib over Nicole's tank top, which was tight enough to show off her perky nipples, she once again noticed her trembling legs in form-fitting light blue jeans. "Oh well, she will feel better soon enough," she thought to herself.

Vanessa readied the instruments and set them on the small desk beside her. She couldn't resist dropping her glove and bending over to give Nicole a full view of her luscious ass in lacy red panties under her transparent pantyhose. She usually saved those antics for male patients, but she found Nicole irresistibly sexy. Positioning her chair so that her breasts were in full view while worked, Vanessa inserted the lip retractors to hold Nicole's mouth open during the cleaning.

Nicole's shifting seemed to increase as she did this so Vanessa paused to ask her if she was okay. Nicole nodded, so Vanessa continued with a visual inspection of her mouth. As the cool mirror touched Nicole's cheek, she hastily grabbed her crotch. Vanessa noticed the movement and rolled her chair to relocate herself behind Nicole. The new position gave her a chance to observe her patient's behaviour.

Vanessa watched the scissoring legs for a moment and realized that Nicole was not nervous or turned on, but rather desperate to pee! Wanting to make sure that her patient was comfortable, she asked "Nicole, do you want to use the washroom and continue this in a few minutes?"

Nicole blushed heavily and quickly declined the offer by shaking her head.

Vanessa shrugged and continued, taking the opportunity to lean forward and press her firm boobs against Nicole's blonde hair. The shuffling seemed to increase yet again. Perhaps out of watching Nicole's desperation, Vanessa could feel her own need for the toilet increasing. This was odd, since she rarely ever used the toilet at work. A naturally large-bladdered woman, she could usually get by with only peeing at home. As she sprayed Nicole's mouth with water to wash away any preliminary food remnants, a "yelp" escaped the blonde's throat and her shuffling turned into a reflex arching of her back as she pushed her fingers hard against her vagina. Despite her struggles, a small wet spot appeared in her crotch around her fingers.

Vanessa immediately pulled her finger off the spray gun, in disbelief of what she was seeing. She was speechless for a moment, strangely excited by the sight in front of her. A gorgeous woman was wetting herself in the dentist's chair! Her panties were immediately hot and wet and she just managed to regain her wits.

"Oh.. Umm.. let's get you to a toilet, miss... before you pee on my chair."

Vanessa stood up and realized the alarming fullness of her own bladder. She too needed a pee break. It was unbelievable how quickly she needed to go after just her usual morning intake of a glass of water and a coffee. She helped Nicole up to her feet and walked her to the door. She had forgotten it was locked. She turned to the camera being used for supervision and waved at it frantically. "He will be here in a sec," she informed Nicole, who was bent over and holding herself.

A full minute passed uneventfully. Vanessa reached into her pocket and called her boss.

"Hello?" He answered.

"Hi- it's Vanessa. My patient needs the toilet- it's an emergency. Can you please open the door?" Just making the request seemed to make her need grow. She anxiously shifted on the spot. Beside her, Nicole was bobbing up and down in a massive pee dance. She was dangerously close to soaking her jeans in front of her dentist.

"I'm afraid that is not a good enough reason to interrupt this exercise. I always tell my patients to make sure they've used the facilities before I start."

Vanessa was sure he had only ever done that with kids, but she knew it was pointless to argue. "Please Dr. Hiebert, can we make one exception? I promise I'll be more careful next time!"

Hearing Vanessa beg on her behalf made Nicole even more embarrassed. She let out a second squirt, feeling the warm wetness on her fingers. She could see and feel the wet spot on her jeans growing. In a minute or two, she would surely have a full accident. She continued hobbling with both hands gripping her pussy, trying to contain the massive flood.

James seemed to give the desperate plea some thought. Finally, he replied, "Okay, let's get the retractors out then I'll open the door. Dental equipment is not allowed in the washrooms!"

Vanessa opened her mouth to protest again but realized he was right. She quickly dragged Nicole back to the chair and instructed her to lie down. Getting back on the chair caused to her spurt helplessly again. She only barely stemmed the flow but could feel her pee seeping down to her ass. She had just wet the chair beneath her.

Vanessa worked quickly, removing the retainers in a flat minute. James kept his promise and opened the door as Nicole desperately stood up. It was too late- her bladder could wait no more. She sighed audibly as the powerful waterfall flowed out of her, immediately drenching her jeans and creating a huge puddle at her feet.

As she finished peeing, James said, "Well, I guess there's no need for a break then." Vanessa piped up as he turned to leave and lock the door behind him. "Hang on, I need to get some paper towels to cover the chair." She was planning to pee quickly; seeing Nicole's accident had made her all the more desperate.

"Oh, there's no need for that. Just use the spare coat over there."

Vanessa shifted on the spot and decided that honesty was worth a shot. "Actually, I need to use the toilet too." Her bladder had filled to the point of being a constant discomfort. It would surely become an urgency well before Monica's cleaning was done.

James observed the stressed girl in front of him, clearly trying to disguise her strong need to void excess waters. Her thighs were pressed together as she stood slightly hunched, resisting the urge to cross her legs. "It's one thing if you forget to tell your patient to go pee and she ends up wetting all over the office, but you- that's another story! You definitely don't get a pee break halfway through a basic operation like this. You should have the damn common sense to go before you start! Now grow up and hold your piss until the work is done!" With that, he walked out, leaving the two embarrassed ladies behind.

With no choice in the matter, Vanessa covered the wet spot on the chair with the coat and asked her patient to lie down again. Working within the sight of Monica's wet jeans and the aroma of her urine was sheer torture. Vanessa danced on the spot as the coffee she had drank continued to work its way down to her bladder. She struggled through the cleaning, eventually working with one hand, with the other one clutching herself to prevent an accident.

Halfway through the cleaning, she could take no more. It was impossible to concentrate. She desperately shuffled to the camera doing a huge pee dance as she called James again. He didn't even pick up. Frustrated, she turned to walk back to the chair behind her wet patient. Nicole, eying her as she hobbled back, had her hand in her crotch again. She couldn't resist touching herself through the wet denim as her incredibly hot dentist struggled to maintain her dignity.

Vanessa noticed the explicit sexual act, but purposely tried to ignore it. She was on the verge of wetting herself at work in front of her patient and boss. Even in her plight, she couldn't resist sneaking a peek at Nicole masturbating as she worked- the scene was too hot to ignore. A squirt escaped her and she forcefully turned her eyes back on her patient's mouth. Her panties were wet now- she could feel the moistness on her fingers. Just a couple teeth to go now and it would be over. In two minutes, she would be able to run to the toilet and finally relieve herself.

Nicole's rubbing intensified as she seemed to sense that Vanessa had briefly lost control behind her. Vanessa could hear and feel her gasps behind the retractors. Last tooth now. She could make it. It was getting almost impossible to clean Nicole's back tooth as the entire chair shook due to her furious masturbation.

Just as her dentist finished removing the retractors, Nicole climaxed. Her uninhibited screams were too much for Vanessa who started peeing as she tried to get to the door. She managed to squat over the trash can beside the chair as she lost complete control, soaking her undergarments. It was sheer relief. She closed her eyes as her tortured bladder finally emptied itself through her clothes into the small container below. Beside her, Nicole fully relaxed as she came, wetting herself again along with the lab coat.

James entered the room to see his beautiful assistant in mid-pee. Vanessa didn't even try to stop peeing, knowing it was a lost cause. She would probably be fired for this no matter what. As she finished peeing and looked up, she was shocked to see James covering a massive boner with his hand. He was clearly struggling not to cum in his pants but still unable to take his eyes off Vanessa. Finally, he just moaned and straightened up. A giant circular spot formed on the crotch of his pants as his face flustered from a mixture of relief and humiliation.

She could only look up at him in bewilderment, still squatting to let her pee drip off her into the can below. James opened his mouth to explain but couldn't find the words. Nicole finally spoke up. "James and I are college friends. We tried dating but I discovered that I prefer women. We did find some common ground though- we both love pee."

She got out of the chair and knelt down to inspect Vanessa's soaked panties. James finally managed to speak. "Nicole has an accident in my chair every year, but now with my own practice, I decided to take things a little further. The coffee I gave you this morning had a strong diuretic in it."

Vanessa realized she wasn't angry but rather really, really turned on. She got up and pushed her pee soaked crotch into Nicole's face. Nicole impulsively ripped apart her pantyhose and ate her right through her wet panties. Vanessa soiled her panties again in two minutes flat before waving at James to join the fun. She had discovered a new side of herself.

