Sisterhood of Blood - Page 14

Author: frostyjr2

*325*2014-01-20 13:19

Thanks to you all for your kind comments !

We're certainly glad you have found our story... i know it's a bit of a read, especially if you haven't been with us omo vamps right from the beginning, but on the other hand, you haven't had to wait for the next chapter to be posted either ! In any case, we're all happy you are enjoying our little tale !

<3,

Cool

*326*2014-01-20 19:54

And don't worry too much, friends...

I'll do my best to find a way out of this predicament for all of the clan;

I love them all too much to give up easily.

But loss is part of existence, even an undead existence.

Frosty

*327*2014-01-24 07:10

Friday, early AM.

The only thing i like better than posting a new chapter of SoB, is posting a new chapter of SoB while i'm desperate...

Here's hoping you enjoy the latest bit of the story !

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 38)

PARIS SWING, 2nd chorus (Hannah, Kat, and Victor)

Paris, France late fall 1940

(sound track: Nuages, by Django Reinhardt w/ Hubert Rostaing on clarinet)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Fq-t9TVbthc?feature=oembed"

“Is that going to be a problem?” Hannah asked as she wiped her hands as clean as possible before tossing her handkerchief into a nearby trash can.

She and Victor had just left the alleyway and five dead bodies in SS uniforms behind them.

“Well, the Nazis are well known for reprisals for attacks on military personnel, so it might be better if those bodies weren’t found.” Victor replied. “As soon as we get to where we’re going, I can contact a clean up crew that will make sure that those five men disappear without a trace. They will be just a few more soldiers gone AWOL after a trip to Paris.”

After his initial shock, Victor actually seemed to be taking things pretty well.

It’s not every day that one’s most basic assumptions as to the nature of existence are challenged; not only to discover that the stories about vampires aren’t mere works of fiction, but that you are associating with not just one but two of them at that very moment… that could be a rather disturbing thought.

Once he got past a few inevitable moments of fear, Victor had realized that if either Hannah or Kat had wanted to harm him, he would have been dead long ago. The Resistance needed capable fighters, no matter what their origins might be, and at least one of these two women had proven beyond the shadow of a doubt just how capable she was… she had just killed five soldiers in less than a minute and a half with nothing but her bare hands, for god’s sake, and not a scratch on her!

As the two of them continued along the main thoroughfare, they were joined by Kat now.

“How did it go for you?” she asked Hannah with a smile, although she could already guess the answer from Hannah's still somewhat blood-stained hands.

“About as expected,” Hannah replied. “At least I was able to let one out of the six go free. Were yours as stupid as ours?”

“Probably even more so… I gave them the slip by first leading them into an alley and then teleporting out of there before they went inside,” Kat laughed. “I’m sure they were all quite confused when their intended victim simply vanished without a trace!”

“Well, that’s a bit of a change for you, isn’t it? I was sure that there would be four more dead bodies somewhere that we’d need to take care of,” Hannah replied with a smile.

“I thought you might have to fight, seeing as how you didn’t really have teleportation as an option with Victor there. I knew you wouldn’t leave him behind, and that there would be enough bodies to deal with after that without me making any more problems… no matter how much I would have enjoyed it,” Kat said, grinning back at Hannah now. “But I get the next one, OK?”

Once a gladiatrix, always a gladiatrix, Hannah thought to herself. “Not a problem,” she said, pulling on a pair of gloves to conceal her hands until she could wash off the last traces of blood from them.

They took the Metro now to the end of the line at Porte de Vanves and walked up the steep hill, finally arriving at the y-shaped junction of three cobblestone paved streets.

There was a small nondescript café located there, and at this hour the only clients inside were a few night labourers who had finished up their shift and come in for a glass of cheap red wine.

As the odd trio entered the smoke-filled café, shaking off the night's cold and damp air, the working men barely looked up from their drinks.

The waiter behind the long bar at the back nodded at Victor, raised the leaf and gestured for them to head to the back room.

“Ils sont tous là déja; On vous attend,” he said to Victor with a small smile.

<TO BE CONTINUED> \/###\/

*331*2014-01-24 21:53

{{: 

Another Friday means yet another interesting chapter of SoB. The accompanying music even sounds like it was recorded in 1940.

I am looking forward to the long anticipated clan battle to come.

}}

Thanks !

That track was actually recorded by Django on December 13th, 1940 in Paris...

His comment on the Occupation was something to the effect of "It's better to be scared in your own country than somewhere else."

And thanks to his great musical talents and the patronage of a few highly-placed officers who happened to love jazz music, (and the nature of Paris as a sort of German military rest and relaxation zone at that time) unlike many of his fellow gypsies, he survived the war unscathed, although it was a tenuous survival fraught with fear and the omnipresent threat of imprisonment and death...

{{: 

Another good chapter I'm sure the next one will be just as good.

}}

Well, i'm certainly going to try !

*334*2014-01-26 23:24

{{: 

Now I know how really the Allies won the war! lol

}}

Yes, now you do...

*335*2014-01-31 12:04

Dear friends, fans and fiends, it's that time again, and i'm happy to bring you the latest episode of this story.

If you recognize a couple of other characters, don't be too surprised... we vamps get to meet a lot of interesting people over the course of a long undead existence. In fact, Hannah told me they even made a movie...

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 39)

PIECE DE RESISTANCE, or PARIS SWING, 3rd chorus

(Hannah, Kat, Victor and Ilsa)

Paris, France Late Fall 1940

(sound track: Nuages Electric, by Django Reinhardt)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Cj_TOEXkH_Q?feature=oembed"

The meeting hadn’t gone so well at first.

In the smoke-filled back room, everyone had begun talking at once, complaining about the Vichy government, various Nazi collaborators, and anything else they weren’t happy with at the moment.

Finally, Victor had called for silence, and given one of his typically rousing speeches, calling for everyone to unite in the common cause of throwing off the Nazi yoke in the name of freedom. He spoke of those who were living in much worse conditions than the group assembled in the café : the imprisoned intellectuals and radicals, deported Jews and gypsies in concentration camps, and the brave citizens of London now enduring nightly bombings. Then, he spoke of the responsibility each of them had to work together and do their part.

When he had finished, Kat leaned over towards Hannah and said, “Now I know why the Nazis consider him so dangerous. Nothing is more powerful than an idea, and the way he has of presenting his ideas will unite people and move them to action.”

Just as she said that, the waiter rushed in to the back room.

“Vingt-Deux! Les flics arrivent, j’ai été prévenu par un copain à la préfecture!"

Sure enough, as the various members of the resistance cell were now hurriedly exiting the café they were all swept up 'en rafale’ and herded into the back of a waiting police wagon.

Rather than try to leave the café, Hannah, Kat and Victor waited in the back room until everyone had left, then Kat looked at Hannah and said, “You have to do it now, we have no choice.”

Hannah said to Victor, “I’m sorry; this is going to hurt… a lot. But it’s the only way to get you to safety.”

She put her arms around Victor, nodded to Kat, and then the three of them teleported out of the back room of the café into a deserted dead end side street a few blocks away.

The searing pain that wracked Victor’s body now made his time under the tender care and supervision of the Gestapo seem like a vacation. He could barely stand, and had to be supported for a moment by both Kat and Hannah before he was able to take a few tentative steps.

Hannah was in a fair amount of pain herself.

Any time you teleported, it was rough on your nervous system; if you tried to take anyone with you, the effort required to both move the increased load and keep them as a separate entity when you rematerialized was enough to discourage the practice in any but the most dire situations. There was always a risk; just like trying to carry a package that was too heavy, except if you dropped this package, that person could either end up in some sort of limbo, trapped forever and unable to get back, or their essence might be forever merged with your own and you would become some composite of both personalities, a new entity comprised of random various elements of the two merged beings. Not good…

“It’s not safe for you to stay here in Paris any longer, Victor; the Police and Gestapo are getting too close. The fact that they raided that meeting means that somebody who knows talked, and with the rest of them now in Gestapo hands, it’s only a matter of time before the Nazis find you.”

“We’ll travel to unoccupied North Africa, Ilsa and I. From there, we should be able to make our way to Lisbon, and then from there to America,” Victor said.

“We’ll accompany you back to the hotel to get Ilsa, then once you’ve packed a few things, we’ll take you to the airport.”

###

The clerk at the airport didn’t make much of a fuss when two rain-soaked passengers showed up for the night flight to Casablanca at the last minute.

Hannah had made sure of that, using her vampire powers of persuasion to bend him to her will. Instead, he quickly wrote out two tickets, simply saying, “Have a good flight.” as she handed him the money for the airfare.

Then he turned back to his other paperwork as if nothing had happened.

Hannah gave the tickets to Victor, and he shook her hand.

"It has been an honour to know both you and Kat."

"The honour is ours," Hannah replied. "Just keep fighting for what you know is right."

"I shall. Thank you, for everything you have done for us," Victor said.

“Yes, thank you,” the lovely Norwegian woman accompanying him said in her softly accented voice. Even though her face was in shadow under the stylish hat she was wearing, it was quite obvious that she was exceptionally beautiful, as beautiful as any fashion model or even a star of the silver screen.

The cold rain was falling harder now.

Hannah and Kat watched the two of them as they hurried onto the plane; the propellers were already turning in time to the low rumble of the engines as Ilsa turned back to wave at them one last time, her slim figure just a backlit silhouette in the doorway before the uniformed stewardess ushered her inside and sealed the hatch.

As the airplane taxied down the black, rain-slicked runway and took off into the night, Kat turned to Hannah.

“I hope they’ll be alright.”

“I’m sure it will all work out in the end. True love conquers all,” Hannah said with a smile.

<TO BE CONTINUED> \/###\/

*339*2014-02-07 07:30

It's time for another episode of the story... and i apologize for the paucity of omo content over these last few chapters, but it just hasn't been part of the mood of the tale lately. Thanks to you all for bearing with me... i'm still an omo vamp, so even if i hold for a long time, i still love wetting myself, and eventually it will have to happen again !

But in the meantime...

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 40)

TRICK OR TREAT (The Little Monster)

Hannah and Cool’s Country House,

Upstate New York, 2002

(sound track: Down Here On The Ground, by Wes Montgomery)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/C-gaNU0d-Wk?feature=oembed"

Unlike most girls her age, this trick or treater hadn’t chosen to be some sort of princess, or Ariel the Little Mermaid.

Instead, she was wearing a Green Goblin outfit; she was obviously a bit different, this little girl.

Hannah and I both smiled widely at each other when we saw how she was dressed as she said a somewhat muffled “Trick or treat!” and held up her sack to receive a bit of candy after we opened the door to the chilly fall air.

“I love your costume!” I said as I spilled a couple of handfuls of sweet treats into her bag.

"But aren't you cold?" All the other trick or treaters so far had been wearing coats over their outfits, which kind of spoiled the effect.

She took off her mask so that she could speak more clearly, and now I could see her beautiful face.

Her hair was so dark brown it almost appeared to be black, and it was shiny and straight, not a trace of curl to it. And she had the prettiest blue eyes I'd ever seen, this tiny goblin did. They were like lovely pools of crystal clear water, really.

“Oh, I never feel the cold," she replied. "Do you like the costume, really? I designed it myself, and my mom made it for me,” she said, gesturing towards a tall, slim, frail looking woman who was hovering protectively just a few feet away, wrapped in a heavy winter coat. Then she lowered her voice. “She wouldn’t let me be my first choice, though…”

“What was your first choice?” Hannah asked softly.

“I really wanted to be a vampire.”

Hannah and I exchanged another look at that.

“Why?” I asked the pretty little girl standing on our doorstep.

“I don’t know, really… I just think vampires are cool," she replied with a brilliant smile. "All the stuff they can do, and how they live forever, and stay young, and all that stuff…”

“What about the drinking blood part, isn’t that kind of weird?” I asked her.

“Unless you’re a total vegetarian, you’re probably eating or drinking blood one way or another anyhow. You gotta eat something, right?” she replied.

“And I’m sure I could figure out some way to feed without hurting anybody…”

“It sounds like you’ve given this a lot of thought,” Hannah said with a laugh.

“Except for my school work and my fencing lessons, it’s probably all I think about,” she said, laughing back. “Mom even took me to the doctor; she was worried I was obsessed. That’s why she wouldn’t let me dress as one…”

“What did the doctor say?” I asked her.

“Oh, he told my Mom not to worry, that I’d grow out of it sooner or later,” she replied with a toss of her little head that made her shiny hair ripple like a beautiful dark waterfall.

I leaned down to give her a little more candy, and then I whispered softly so that only she could hear me.

“There’s nothing wrong with you wanting to be a vampire; at least, not the kind of vampire I think you’d be.”

I smiled at her, and said, “Happy Halloween!”

She smiled that impossibly bright smile at me again and then she skipped over to where the frail woman was waiting and took her hand.

Her mother paused for a moment, stopped and bent over just a bit now as she coughed into her handkerchief. I could smell the blood on it even from that distance, some of it fresh and some which had already dried.

The woman was dying... tuberculosis maybe, or lung cancer; whatever it was, she hadn't too much longer to live, I could definitely sense that now. This might even be the very last Halloween she would get to enjoy with her little daughter.

And that was the tragedy of life... its inevitable end. Only we were immune.

As the two of them started to walk away, the cute little goblin girl looked over her right shoulder at me and said, “Happy Halloween! And thanks… for everything!”

And then she blew me a kiss.

Even as I closed the door, the transparent blue tears were welling up in my eyes, knowing what lay ahead for both of them.

I couldn't get them out of my mind for a long time afterwards.

<TO BE CONTINUED> \/###\/

*341*2014-02-07 07:34

Thanks, orango !

This chapter was a tough one for me... so i really needed to hear that right now.

*343*2014-02-08 14:34

{{: 

Will the mother who's dying get the help she needs and get turned into a vampire?

}}

Only time will tell... keep reading !

*347*2014-02-14 07:27

It is Friday once again, but a special Friday this time:

Friday February 14th, Valentine's Day.

That's the day Hannah and i celebrate our togetherness anniversary, and we wish all of you a day filled with happiness and love, and someone you love to share it with, whether with a spouse, a lover or a good friend !

And now, on to the story...

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 41)

SOUL MATES (Kat and Peter)

NYC, present day

(sound track: Melodie Au Crepuscule, by Django Reinhardt)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/b_2VR7_pJMA?feature=oembed"

After the twins had been turned, Petra adjusted quite well to her new changed lifestyle.

She had always enjoyed the night life, and now her holding ability exceeded her wildest dreams.

Her new little sister Cool and she were growing closer every day that they spent together, and she was also happy that Vicky had been returned to them.

Peter, on the other hand, had a bit more difficulty with the transition.

He had spent much more time hunting vampires than Petra had, and had much more hatred for the species as a whole.

Although meeting Hannah’s clan and spending time with them had given him both a grudging respect and a deeper insight into their strange lifestyle and he now knew that all vampires weren’t the same, it was still hard for him at first to make peace with what he had become.

The one bright light in those early days was his relationship with his maker Kat. Having spent so much time alone, he was quite unprepared for the intensity of the feelings that had overwhelmed him when they first shared blood the night the twins had been turned. In those few brief instants, the two of them had been bonded together forever, and not just by their shared blood.

Two lonely souls had shared their essence, and had completed each other; now love had filled the emptiness inside of them.

Kat had fully embraced Peter, but she accepted that it might take him a while to get acclimated to his new life and to forgive her for what she had done to him, even if it was at his own little sister’s request.

She was a vampire, after all; she had plenty of time.

In point of fact, her love for him was so radiant that it was only a short time before he found himself starting to reciprocate the feeling, and before too much more time had passed, they were both consumed by love and desire for each other. All those lonely years no longer mattered one bit, for they had found each other now.

One night, as the two of them were laying in bed next to one another after a bit of passionate lovemaking, he turned to her and said, “I’m really glad that it was you who turned me. Somehow it just seems right… the two of us being together like this.”

Kat hugged him tighter now.

“It had to be me; otherwise you’d have ended up as a submissive male omo vamp.”

She giggled as she said that before she continued on.

“That wouldn’t really have been the best choice for someone like you. We had already discussed it and planned everything out; everything except this… I hadn’t planned on falling in love with you.”

“Falling in love with a vampire, not to mention actually becoming one myself… I certainly wasn’t expecting that to happen either. But I do believe that everything happens for a reason,” Peter said.

"I think so too, although sometimes the reason isn't clear to us at the time... sometimes never, in fact..." Kat smiled sadly as she said this.

###

SOUL MATES, 2nd chorus (Kat and Despina)

NYC, 1929

(sound track: The Mooche, by Duke Ellington and his Cotton Club Orchestra)

$iframe width="480" height="270" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/lQwxl5yS3iU?feature=oembed"

Wall Street had crashed; the stock market had caused the financial world to take a tumble. Banks and businesses were closing left and right; the city, maybe the entire world, was in turmoil now.

To the undead, all of this human anguish meant very little though, because it had little bearing on their existence. All of them had survived many long years and seen the humans in both feast and famine. There were so many of them; a few more or less, a crisis now and then, what difference did it make?

At the moment, they had a much more pressing and personal concern.

A Vampire Plague was raging through the world as well, and despite all their regenerative abilities, it had been destroying these seemingly invulnerable creatures at an alarming rate.

The Council of Elders had commanded every undead doctor and scientist to work on a vaccine, and they had rapidly responded. The vaccine they had developed would prevent infection if you hadn't already contracted the disease, but was only successful in rare instances if you were in the advanced stages of the illness.

The first stage was weakness, the next a sort of delirium, the third was an insatiable hunger and thirst. By the time you had progressed to the third stage, there was little hope of recovery.

The final stage was complete cellular degeneration.

The Elders had made the vaccine available to all, but it was already too late for many who were too far gone. Rather than risk the race's exposure due to ravening killer vampires roaming the streets of major cities, they had engaged extra enforcers and sent them out to find and dispatch those who were subject to uncontrollable blood lust.

Despina had been infected early on somehow, it was clear to Kat now.

First, the then-unexplainable weakness had taken hold of her, and the proud and strong one-time gladiatrix was barely able to stand on her own for a while.

Kat was jubilant when the mysterious ailment seemed to pass of its own accord, but her lover had merely entered the second stage of the disease. Now strong again physically, it was obvious that Despina's mental state was confused and clouded, her thinking irrational and feverishly agitated.

She was unable to sleep or rest, or even focus on simple tasks, so Kat stayed by her side constantly, afraid that if she were left alone, some mishap might befall her.

At least they were both daywalkers; in a daze, she had already wandered outside in broad daylight, a move which would have incinerated her otherwise, and Kat had had to chase after her and lead her back inside the house.

Now, the delirium had passed, only to be replaced by an unquenchable thirst and incessant hunger.

No matter how much blood Despina consumed, it simply wasn't enough; she wanted, she needed, she had to have more. She had rapidly gone through her entire monthly allotment of blood packs in just a few days, and Kat had even given up her own ration to her in an attempt to keep the need at bay.

But she was like an opium addict now; the more she consumed, the more she craved and needed.

And now Kat was unable to control her.

At first she thought the weakness she was feeling was just the result of her fasting because Despina was drinking her ration of blood, but then Kat realized this was the first symptom of what had now been identified as another vampire plague. It was very much like the one in 1907 which had decimated most of Kat's clan.

"I'm going out," Despina said. "Don't bother waiting up for me. I'll be home late... if I come home at all."

Her once beautiful jade green eyes were constantly red with blood lust nowadays. Kat knew that even though the two of them had forsworn hunting human prey a very long time ago, Despina was now unable to keep that vow. The urge to feed constantly was too strong within her, and she needed her fix of blood.

The Depression which had followed the Crash had been fortuitous; hungry vampires now had an almost limitless supply of drifters and transients on whom they could prey without anyone becoming aware of their disappearance. If anyone actually did notice that the panhandler who had been there on the corner yesterday wasn't there today, they would simply assume that he or she had moved to a different location, and that would be the end of it.

"Despina, don't leave ... please, just stay here with me," Kat said softly.

She was so weak she could hardly move now. As she lay in her bed under the thick down comforter, she turned her face to the wall.

Hot tears began to streak her pretty cheeks as she heard the door click shut behind the departing girl.

###

Despina was moving silently through the streets, searching for a suitable victim. Late night had fallen on the city, and traffic had virtually disappeared. There were no cars and only a few stray pedestrians remained on the quiet sidewalks, scurrying rapidly home to beat the snow which had begun to fall from the dark sky like crystals hanging from some large and ornate chandelier.

The panhandlers had virtually disappeared as well; the cold and now the falling snow had chased them away to find whatever refuge they could from the worsening weather, and the streets were quite deserted now.

As the vampire girl rounded a corner, she looked down a dark, narrow alley. Inside it, she could see a barefooted figure huddled under a coat or blanket, the wet snow beginning to accumulate on him as he bent over and rummaged through a trash can. He was a large black man, she could see that now, but even as large as he was, he was only human, and therefore weaker than she was.

A man his size, though... that was a lot of blood he'd have in him.

Despina would feast tonight, she was sure of it now.

As she approached the man stealthily, she was surprised to see him look up, turn towards her and smile. She had made virtually no sound on her approach; how could he have known she was coming for him?

As if he had read her thoughts, the man laughed a deep resonant laugh before he said in a low voice, "You think you have come for me, but in fact, I have been sent here for you..."

He smiled again, his teeth almost glowing white in his round dark face as his fangs began to extend.

"I was once called Mokolo, but now am the enforcer known as Lucifer. Mine is the last face you shall ever see."

As Despina now realized that this was no ordinary human derelict, she felt the cold chill of fear invade her body for the first time in many long years.

An enforcer... Sweet Minerva!

The terror of it made her lose control of her bladder's contents, and she began to wet herself uncontrollably now, feeling the warmth as it sprayed out between her shapely legs, soaking her panty girdle and her nylon stockings beneath her silk dress and the fur coat she wore on top of it before the clear hot urine splashed onto the ground between her high heeled shoes.

An enforcer!

<TO BE CONTINUED> \/###\/

