Indecent Proposal for a college girl

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2012-06-21 05:22

Inspired from a short video I watched a while ago: (Can’t find it now)

Rain was pounding on the roof of the car and beating the windows as a young lady drove back from a weekend away from studying. She loved college, but sometimes, you just need a break, you know? Well, this is the story of that incident while she was away.

The sky was dark, the rain was pouring so much that every time the wipers wiped the screen she had only a glimpse of the road in front of her before another sheet of water poured down her window blurring the road and traffic in front of her, and she was starting to feel an all too familiar feeling building in her stomach. Already, she was driving nearly twenty miles under the speed limit going only about fifty miles an hour on the interstate.

“Okay, next town,” she promised herself. “I’ll pull over, get some soda and snacks so I can stay away, and use the toilet.”

Of course, she was talking to herself. There was no one in the car with her. The trek was slow going, but she was a little afraid to go much faster than she was for fear of a different kind of accident from what could happen to her white shorts if she didn’t find a rest area soon.

The first two rest areas she came upon were closed off. Apparently, whoever ran them hand decided that the weather was so bad, that maybe no one would be traveling, which was ridiculous in Amy’s mind. There were always cars on the highway, so there was always someone that wanted to stop. She sighed.

She found an exit that looked promising for she could see beyond it, a small town with houses everywhere. They had to have a convenience store or a restaurant open somewhere that she could use the toilet and get some snacks. She pulled off of the exit, her legs now begging to move some, but she had to keep her position as she was because she was still driving.

The young lady about twenty-three with blue-black hair and bright green eyes suddenly panicked when she started through a green light only to have another vehicle that wasn’t supposed to be there, loomed up from her left and smashed into her car. She felt the impact of her car as she suddenly felt it lift up and start to roll over to the right and then on its top.

Miraculously, she was okay. She couldn’t get the door open though, and the driver in the other car was still probably in their own car. They were not yet at her car. Amy looked around herself, wondering what she should do. Her ears could just barely hear the sound of splashing liquid coming from somewhere behind her. She could smell something that wasn’t quite right, but she didn’t know what it was. And then, looking to the back of her car, she realize that the back glass had shattered. That looked like the easiest way out.

Amy pulled her seatbelt away from her body, faintly still aware that something inside her body was nagging at her, and she crawled to the back. She finally climbed out to the ground, but the other car sat there with its head lights shining against her car. The driver inside the other vehicle was missing. Looking around, she could see no one.

“What now? Didn’t anyone see the accident?” she wondered to herself, as she became more aware of an urgent need to relieve her bladder. “Well, I guess I could walk to the nearest house and call for help,” she mused. She found it quite miraculous that none of her body seemed to hurt or that there was any blood at all. The only problem she had, was a full bladder that was starting to whine against the prison of her small five-foot three body.

Amy walked in the direction of the house, hoping to find someone soon. She didn’t want to just sit at the car, especially with her needing to use the bathroom. Surely someone would let her call for help, and maybe let her pee before she had a problem.

“That other person, either had no insurance and maybe had a stolen car, or they were drunk to just walk away like that after an accident. As it was, Amy felt she had no choice now, but to try to get some help.

The walk was further than she anticipated to the first house from that intersection, and already her weakening and whining bladder was pulsating, and preparing to let some streams out if she didn’t hurry. Amy wasn’t sure how much further she’d have to walk or if she could make it, but she couldn’t just stand there and pee on purpose. Besides, she still had to get somewhere with a phone to call for help.

Finally, as her legs grew heavy and stung from the walking, as her bladder pulled itself in for a very forceful nudge against her unwilling muscles, and as her head spun with her hands in her crotch trying to prevent the inevitable, she saw the first of the houses.

Now, Amy practically ran, or wobbled more like, towards the nearest house. She wanted the relief so bad as her bladder started to send pangs that felt like gas and bubbling messages that felt like hunger cramps. She wasn’t hungry, so that only meant one thing. She had to pee so badly that her bladder was telling her it was going to shoot some in her pants any minute.

“She knocked on the door with fear and embarrassment.”

An older woman, maybe in her early thirties opened the door. She smiled at the younger girl that was holding herself so obviously. Her eyes narrowed and she whispered to the young girl.

“Do you have to use the bathroom?”

Amy nodded.

“Well, what are you doing at a stranger’s house?”

“Please, my car was hit by someone who seems to have run away back near the freeway. I need to call for help, and I need to use the…” she blushed as she felt a little squirt slip into her panties making them damp. Worriedly, she felt her butt with her left hand while her right one kept itself buried in her crotch trying to stop anymore. Her butt still felt dry from the outside, but inside, her panties were teasing her hairs and her privates with what was to come soon.

“You were hit? Are you okay?” the woman opened the door wider to get a better look at the struggling young woman.

“I think so. I just can’t drive my car now, and I really really have to pee.”

“I think you better call the police first,” the woman told the young woman. “They are likely to think you also just abandoned your car if they find it before you call the accident in.”

Amy nodded and the woman took her through to the sitting room where she had a phone.

This woman, Susan, secretly liked the situation that Amy found herself in. she wondered if there was a way to actually make the young woman hold it long enough to need to change her clothes.

Susan gladly handed the phone over.

Amy’s left hand took the phone, her right one too busy trying to keep her white shorts white and dry.

“He…hello?” she spoke into the phone when 9-11 answered.

“What is the nature of the emergency?”

“I just had a car accident about twenty minutes ago at junction one fifteen near the freeway.”

“Please hold….”

Amy’s eyes glistened with threatening sparkling water that built up from being near the end of her desperation, and with nothing she could do about it while tied to the phone which was not a modern cordless one, but one with a cord that was too short to move from the sitting room.

“It’s okay,” Susan, a yellow-golden hair girl smiled at the girl trying to pretend to the younger girl that she understood that she was scared about the accident though she was sure that the tears were about her going to wet at any minute.

Eventually, as Amy felt another little squirt warm her panties, the operator came back on the phone. “Are you hurt?”

“No, ma’am. But my car is totaled,” Amy was starting to sob. “And I didn’t see the other driver at all when I got out of my car and then I walked into town where I found a phone.”

“You are not at your car?”

“I didn’t have access to a phone there. No one was out there at the time.”

“Alright, so I’d like you to stay where you are and we’ll send a police car to the house to talk to you. Can you tell us the address?”

“Just a minute,” she told the operator. “Ma’am? Can I stay here until the police pick me up and talk to me?”

“Sure,” Susan smiled. “You can just relax a bit and give them my address.”

Amy nodded as she felt a longer squirt, this one definitely warming her shorts and letting a bit of a stream slither along the back of her right thigh before being cut off. She finished with the phone and turned to Susan handing her the phone.

“Can I use the bathroom now?” she asked the woman.

“I’m sorry,” Susan shook her head.

“What? Why?” Amy panicked as she felt a little more slither down her other thigh.

“Because you are already peeing your pants,” the woman looked from her eyes to the young girl’s crotch.

Amy blushed.

“Just finish the deed so we can get it cleaned up. I see no point in you trailing pee all the way through my house. I’ll let you clean up after you finish.”

Amy looked at her in shock. “Please, if I go right now, I can probably keep it from getting on your floor.”

“No,” the woman came closer to her and pushed her towards a wall so that she was trapped. “You are already peeing your pants like a little girl, and I don’t want the mess all over my house. Just hurry up and finish so we can change you before the police come, unless you want to see them in wet shorts.”

Amy’s eyes were wide in fear. What was this woman? Was she some kind of weird monster? Why did she just want her to pee herself?

“Now,” the woman told her, “or I’ll kick you out of my house and tell the police you broke in.”

“You wouldn’t,” the girl said with tears in her eyes.

“Do you want to try me?”

She shook her head. Then pee started to fall from between her legs like a waterfall. She tried to part her legs some, but it was too late. The liquid had already started pouring form her before she realized it, and because of her position, it had already rode up her bottom getting a part of her shirt as well as all the back of her white shorts soaked.

“There, now, that’s a good girl,” the woman told Amy. “Now you’re wet and properly in need of a change, you would like to get something clean on, wouldn’t you?”

Amy nodded, tears spilling down her face.

“Don’t worry, honey. No one will see how bad you had to go if we hurry and get you cleaned up.”

Amy was taken by the hand to the bathroom where she was allowed to run some hot water for a bath.

“I’ll tell them that you’ll be right out if they come while you are taking a bath, so don’t worry about that. Just get cleaned up so they can talk to you about your car accident.”

Amy nodded.

Susan’s brain was already forming a new plan. She thought that Amy was cute, and she had always wanted to find a girl that might be able to be put into the fantasies she had always had. Maybe, she could make the girl fill that little girl role for her, if only she can break her in. She had wet her pants in the living room, so that was a start….

Susan walked back to the living room with some old towels to clean up the floor with while Amy bathed. About twenty minutes later, she came back to the bathroom to find Amy still in the tub.

“There’s no telling when they’ll be here. I have some clean clothes for you,” the woman smiled at Amy. She put something blue on the bathroom sink along with some pink panties and a bra and then walked out of the bathroom.

Amy carefully climbed out of the tub, and started to dry off. When she reached for the panties, she noticed that the clothing that was left out for her was like a working overall suit. The pants and top were the same piece, and covered from her shoulders to her ankles. It was a dark blue and there was one stain probably from working at some kind of construction job on the left back pocket.

She shrugged and pulled on first the legs and after getting it pulled up, put her arms in the sleeves and buttoned up the top. It felt a little loose on her, and a little strange, almost as if she didn’t quite have clothes on covering her pink panties and bra, but at least she was covered. She sighed and started to walk out of the bathroom.

“There you are,” Susan smiled at her. “Do you feel better now?”

Amy shook her head no, bus she smiled. She didn’t like these clothes and she hated the fact that she had wet her pants in front of a stranger that thought she couldn’t wait long enough like an adult.

“What do you do for work?” the woman ask the girl thinking to herself that the girl no longer works, if she has her way about it.

“I’m in my second year at the university,” Amy looked up at her. “I am trying to get a degree in Marine Biology.”

“That must be a lot of work,” Susan whispered as she looked at the girl she wanted to turn into her dependent little girl.

“It is sometimes,” Amy admitted shrugging her shoulders. “But the life in the deep sea fascinates me.”

“How are you doing on school money?”

“Why?” Amy looked up at her suspicion filling her eyes and mind.

“Well, if you are doing okay, then there is nothing I can offer you, but if you need any help with school….”

“What?” Amy asked again wondering what the woman was getting at. It was true that she had already taken a loan for the last year and this year, and she was going to owe a lot of money by the time she finished.

“Are you alright for money at school?”

“My parents are poor,” Amy said still suspicious of the woman. “I am getting loans to pay for my education.”

“How do you plan to pay those loans back? You know, going into debt is mainly caused by such loans like this, and despite how low the interest is, it is much harder to stay up on your payments than you can really guess once you get you.”

“Yeah?” Amy already knew that the woman spoke the truth, but she didn’t see any other way to do it.

“Well, I could help you.”

“Why would you do that?” Amy asked looking down.

“Because you will trade for it.”

“Trade?”

“You are just the right size and you have the right personality to be my little girl.”

“You’re… little girl?”

“You peed your pants earlier….”

“Only because you wouldn’t let me go, and I had to go really bad.”

“Yes, but you did it. And you are dressed in the clothes I put on you.”

Amy looked down. “Is this a trap. Are you forcing me to do this?”

“Of course not, Amy. At least not now, I’m not. You have a choice right now, but if you agree to be my little girl, then you cannot change your mind later.”

“You mean, if I say yes, then I am never going to have a choice after that?”

“Exactly.”

“And why would I agree to something like that?”

“As I said, I’ll pay off your loans, I’ll make sure you have money at school for everything that comes up that you need or want to do, and you never have to worry if your degree doesn’t get you a job right away because you can always stay with me as my little girl until you get a job.”

“How long do I have to be your little girl?”

“Until you graduate and get a job. Once you have a regular job related to your field of study, you can move out.”

“I have to think about this.”

“I know you do. But while you think about it, no toilet without permission or doing things on your own without asking me first.”

“Why?”

“So you can get used to it and learn what you might be required to do.”

“I am probably leaving tonight though.”

“How are you going to do that? If your car is totaled as you say it is, you are going to have to get transportation first, aren’t you?”

“Yeah,” Amy looked down. “I guess I should ask you to use the phone again.”

“The answer is no, or at least, not until you agree to do this trial period with me, to see if you can live as my little girl or not.”

“How long is the trial period?”

“Until I get you to your college room, of course. We’ll leave in the morning, and by the time you get to the college, you need to give me an answer about being my little girl.”

“I… Okay, I’ll agree to be your little girl until we get to the college and then tell you there if I want to do this or not.”

“Fair enough. Still need the phone?”

“Well, not if you are giving me a ride to college tomorrow.”

*004*2012-06-28 12:33

Okay, get ready for something strange here. This is probably going to have really require you to suspend your idea of reality....

Here we go:

Susan sighed when Amy agreed to the short trial period. It was a very short one, and she didn’t have much time to break her in, so the first thing that Susan did, was take Amy to see her ‘nursery.’

“Come with me,” the woman said with a smile, “and try to pretend you are younger than you are.”

“How old did you want me to be?” Amy flinched at herself for asking that. What if the woman wanted her to be two?

“I don’t really care, just think you are younger, but not a baby. I’m not going to spoon feed you.”

Amy sighed. At least she didn’t have to be spoon fed. “So, are you thinking high school?”

“Younger.”

“Junior high school?” she asked looking up at her.

“Maybe. Basically, old enough to do somethings on your own, but if I tell you to, you need permission to do something.”

Amy nodded. “Okay, I’ll try.”

Opening the door to the nursery, Amy’s jaw dropped! This woman was into a fetish of a different kind for sure! The room had twelve three foot to four-foot two life sized dolls that were posed in different activities, two of them actually in stained panties that were showing, one in a diaper that was just visible under her skirt, and one more that had damp jeans that smelled faintly of pee.

“Are all these yours?” Amy asked in surprise not knowing what else to say. The dolls were studying, playing together something that looked like games from elementary school or junior high school, and cleaning up messes they’ve made.

“Dolls?” the young woman asked her child. “These are your friends,” she said. “You had asked for them to come over and have a small party, honey. Please entertain them, and that girl over there has wet jeans on, so help her change, okay?”

Amy looked to her a little nervously. “You mean, you want to actually change her?”

“Well, if you don’t, do you think she will change herself? I expect all of these girls to be in clean clothes by the time I make dinner.”

Amy looked down. “I… I am a little old for dolly play.”

“You will help your friends, or you will find another way to get to school tomorrow.”

Amy sighed. “I’ll change them.”

After she had said as much, Susan went to the kitchen to work, and Amy went to the two in wet panties and the doll in wet jeans. She saw that they were hovered over clean clothes, the one in jeans, her clean skirt on the bed and the two in wet panties, sitting in chairs with their clothes on the table between them.

Sighing, she started to pulled the jeans down on the doll standing by the bed. It was amazing, but all these dolls seemed so real! The one standing by the bed, really was quite sturdy as she stood, and she found that she could really pull the jeans down without the doll falling over. Not only that, but when she lifted a leg, the leg bent easily letter her pull the wet jeans off of the doll.

This doll with red curly hair had pink panties on under her jeans, and when these were also pulled down, there seemed to be real privates with natural looking openings like girls really have. She couldn’t believe it! She pulled the panties down off of the doll, and then pulled on her clean white panties and the skirt that was on the bed.

Amy sighed. She walked from the bed towards the two at the table and when she took the hand of one of these dolls, she was about to stand it up, it had stood up on its own and was in the best positional already for her slip down her panties.

‘These dolls must have cost a fortune!’ Once all three dolls were in clean clothes, all of them in skirts and all twelve dolls had their messes cleaned up, Amy having done the work, she was exhausted. She opened the bedroom door to look down the hall into the kitchen where Susan was working.

“Are the young ladies cleaned up, and their messes clean?”

“Yes,” Amy called.

“Yes, what?” Susan asked as she came to the opening of the hall so that Amy could see her.

“Yes Mommy?” she asked wondering if that was what she wanted.

Susan smiled. “Good girl.”

*009*2012-06-30 23:10

People are actually responding to this! I wasn't sure if it was too weird or not. And at least two people are wrong about what the plot is, but I'll let you sort out whose guesses are wrong. Shouldn't be that hard though with the few comments I have. I don't know if I can do the original kidnapper because our styles are probably different, but I could try to make a story with kidnapping later, if it really appeals to people. Right now, however, I have to get five of my stories to a point that is easy to come back to before my summer holidays begin. I will be disappearing for a month at the end fo the month.

*011*2012-07-02 22:50

The next morning, Amy woke up hoping she had dreamed everything that had happened the day before, but as she looked around the bedroom, finding twelve dolls in various sleeping positions, and one of them right next to her, she shivered. Everything was real!

Amy was so confused and out of it, she didn’t notice anything amiss until she pulled the blankets back to get out of bed. There, hidden deep under the blankets, were two giant bedwetting stains that seemed to tell on both her and the doll next to her.

How could a doll wet the bed? How could Susan even make it look like that without disturbing her? And how was it that Amy looked as if she had wet herself, but there it was, her pants soaked and sticking to her legs, the obvious evidence that she was wet.

A tear fell from her face. She had not wet the bed since, forever! She was way too old to be wetting the bed, and now, she wondered what new games were up, that Susan had planned for her. After all, maybe she would tell Susan that she had decided that she couldn’t do this. It was just too much.

Susan came into the room as she was inspecting the damage.

“Amy?” she asked from the doorway. “Did you wet the bed, honey?”

Amy looked over at her. “I don’t like this game, mommy,” she said. “I have never peed my pants since I was very little.”

“Well, explain your pants then.”

“You did something,” she accused Susan. “You poured warm water on my bed or something.”

“No, Amy. I wasn’t in here at all since putting you to bed. Anyway, you also peed yourself while you were awake yesterday, don’t you remember?”

“That was different! I couldn’t hold it, and had have been waiting a very long time.”

“Amy, come with mommy,” Susan decided not to listen to Amy’s whining anymore. “I’ll give you a bath and then we can get you ready for school. I’ve already washed the things you had on yesterday, so you can wear those if you want.”

Amy sighed. She wanted to tell Susan it was off, but then the recollection of over fifty thousand dollars in loans would be taken care of by her ‘mommy’ if only she could endure all of this until she got a job.

“But wetting the bed?” she said to herself. “There was no way I had done that. I know Susan did something, she had to have.”

While taking a bath, Amy continued to think about what her choices were. Her ‘mommy’ wouldn’t let her take the rag at all, and washed her back and all over her until it came to washing between her legs. Then, she finally have her the rag and instructed and nodded in approval when Amy did it right as if she was teaching Amy to do it.

Her bath over, Amy feeling more and more like this was really humiliating, but something deeper within her core kind of liking the warmth and the care her new ‘mommy’ was giving her, all of this confused her.

What was next?

Well, at least her ‘mommy’ let her eat without any help or baby articles when they had breakfast. Though she did notice that the woman had packed a bag to put in the car and she wondered if that bag had anything to do with treating her like a child.

“Amy?” Susan called to her as she came back into the door.

“Yes, mommy?”

“Make sure you brush your teeth and get your bag together so we don’t forget anything, okay?”

“Yes mommy,” she smiled at Susan.

Soon, they were in the car and starting to make their way for the freeway. Amy couldn’t help but glance at the bag in the back seat from time to time wondering what Susan had decided to take with her. It made her a little nervous, but she was scared to ask.

An hour passed, and Amy looked dreamily out the window still considering whether she wanted to go through this. On one hand, she would never have to worry about her student loans when she graduated. On the other hand, how bad could Susan be?

Another hour passed, and the only thing that filled the void of silence was the radio as Susan drove on. Amy was starting to feel a little uncomfortable as they drove along wondering if Susan was going to get tired and pull off somewhere.

A third hour passed, and now, Amy definitely wanted to stop. She looked over at Susan who had a kind of a blank look upon her face. She wondered if she should ask or if she should wait.

“What is it?” Susan had noticed that Amy was looking at her, and had turned down the radio.

“Um… are you going to take a break?”

“Probably in another hour. Why?”

“I kind of need to stop.”

“Why?” Susan looked at her as if it didn’t make any sense. “You aren’t driving, you can sleep anytime you want.”

“It’s not that,” Amy blushed. “I have to go to the lady’s room.”

“Oh,” Susan nodded. “Well, there are two rules, baby. One, is that you only go in public places if I say it’s okay because it’s dangerous for little girls to go alone sometimes, and two, even if I think it’s safe, I want to take you just to make sure.”

Amy nodded though she hated that idea. She really was being treated like a little kid.

“Well, can we stop soon?”

“We’ll stop in an hour,” Susan said firmly.

“I… I can’t wait that long,” Amy blushed.

“That’s okay. If you wet, I’ll just change you, honey.”

Amy’s eyes got big. “In public?”

Susan nodded. “It’s no big deal. If you wet, you can’t go very long in soaked pants, now can you?”

Amy looked down. “I’ll hold it.”

She closed her eyes and tried to block out the pressure in her abdomen hoping that she could wait the hour. It wasn’t like she had any health issues to make it bad. If Susan could wait, then so can Amy.

Twenty minutes later, Amy was looking out the window again when her left leg nervously, shaking, pressed a bit tighter into her right leg and her privates felt as though they were grinding muscles on the inside to keep the waterfall inside her body. Still, she tried to be a lady about it and not give Susan any incentive to treat her any more like a baby that she already felt.

The gray sky outside was pushing clouds in a lazy manner across the sky. A couple of drops of rain splattered the windshield here and there, but it seemed as though the sky was also trying to hold the downpour it had for a bit longer.

“No,” Amy commented to herself. “Don’t do that,” she thought to herself. “Either rain, or clear up, but don’t tease me like this when I have to go so badly!”

Susan looked over. “Did you say something?”

“No,” Amy blushed. “I was just… thinking aloud.”

“Alright. We’ll be at a bathroom soon, so just hold on, honey.”

Amy sighed. Soon was still forty minutes away if Susan really meant to wait that hour. She looked out the window once more trying to think of something to get her mind off of her grinding legs, her tense pee muscles, and the oozing liquid that was trying to slip past her closed muscles.

Sorry, that's all I have for now... cliff hanger...

*012*2012-07-05 06:06

Amy looked over at Susan while she held her hands in her lap squirming. She was really scared that she was not going to be able to wait forty minutes, not because she thought Susan would really go nuts on her, but really, just embarrassed that she was sure she was going to pee long before that.

A tear running down her cheek, she whispered. “Please, can you pull the car over?”

“Why, baby?” Susan asked as she turned to look at Amy.

“I’m not going to be able to wait. I’m too old to just pee my pants.”

“I’m sorry, but decent young ladies don’t just show their bodies off no matter what,” Susan shook her head. “You will wait like a young lady, or you will pee your pants like a child. But you will not take off your pants without my help or permission.”

“Why?”

“Because we had a deal, and little girls listen to their mommies, right?”

Amy sighed as she nodded. “I’m not even teasing though. I’m really going to pee my pants.”

“Then be a good little girl and be a child for mommy.”

Amy looked at her for a moment confused. She wasn’t sure if the woman was telling her that going in her pants was being a child and disgraceful, or if she was encouraging her to do it as her child.

“What’s wrong?” Susan asked.

“Are you… are you going to get mad if I wet my pants?”

“No, Amy. I already told you. Just wet your pants so you can be my little girl. It’s better if you do. It will show me that you can be my little girl, and then we can work out how I’ll make sure you have all your expenses covered when you are at school.”

“So, you… you want me to pee my pants?”

Susan nodded.

“I don’t want to, mommy. I feel like it’s disgusting and I’m too old for that.”

“If you feel that way, then hold it as long as you can, and then if you wet on accident, then you do, okay?”

Amy sighed. “I wish you’d let me just go outside.”

“I know you do, but it’s dangerous and very indecent especially for someone your age, baby.”

Amy looked away, her face burning. She knew she wasn’t going to last that long, but her body fought it anyway. There was no way she could just wet her pants no matter what Susan wanted.

She started to fan her knees back and forth and putting all the pressure she could on keeping her muscles tight so that nothing would leak out. She knew she was in for a long battle, and hoped she could make it.

*015*2012-07-08 08:41

Susan looked over at Amy as the sign came up alerting them that the town was only another ten miles away. She smiled at the squirming cute little dark haired ‘baby’ who was obviously struggling with her body much like a teenager would.

“Honey, are you sure you can get into the bathroom even if I stop?” Susan asked her little girl.

“Mommy? Please don’t. Don’t tease me. You promised if I waited until we get to the town, and I’m trying, please, please, please take me to the bathroom before I wet my pants. Please?”

Susan nodded her heart melting. She couldn’t force Amy to wet as she had planned to do because Amy was so cute and pathetic as she asked for the toilet. More and more, Amy also seem sincere in calling her mommy which was what Susan had wanted.

Amy looked over at the other woman, her knees pressed tightly together again, her privates quivering and shivering or relief causing her constant worry, and she begged that the person she was now calling mommy to get her to the bathroom before she wet herself like a baby.

They both nodded at each other, and Amy had no doubt then that Susan was going to take care of her as soon as she could. She kind of smiled though her face was sweating and her pelvic muscles were as taught and strained as possible. Susan wanted her to be a little girl, and the more she thought about the arrangement of having not to worry that she would have her costs covered, the more she wanted to be Susan’s child, even if it was a bit of a long stretch of time.

“If you be a good girl,” Susan promised the struggling Amy. “I’ll go with you to the administration building as soon as we get to your college, and I’ll pay what you already owe right now. If I do that, then you will know I’m serious about covering your education, right?”

Amy nodded nervously.

Susan smiled.

Over the course of the next ten minutes, they cruised into a small town. The sign for a McDonalds was looming up before them, and Amy turned her sweaty face to look to see if Susan was going to stop. Of course, the woman didn’t even look at Amy. She had promised, and now she was already turning into the parking lot.

Amy opened the door as soon as the car stopped.

“Amy?” Susan looked over at her.

“Yes mommy?”

“You are my little girl, aren’t you?”

“Yes mommy.”

“Little girls need to wait until I turn off the car to remove their seatbelts or to open the car door.”

“I’m sorry. I’m just about to wet, and I really want to make it now we are here, mommy.”

Susan smiled. I know baby, but still, safety above all, okay?”

Amy shivered as she nodded.

Susan climbed out of the car, and rushed to Amy’s side as she got out and hurried towards the McDonalds’s entrance. Susan took Amy’s free hand, as her left hand was planted in her privates. She was so short, some people looked at the pair of them, and then smiled.

“How old is your little girl?” one woman had asked.

“She’s fourteen,” the woman answered without a thought.

“She looks a little mature for a fourteen year old, aside from her potty dance I mean, the woman laughed lightly who had asked.

Amy now knew what age Susan was thinking, and all in all, a fourteen year old was still old enough to have opinions of her own even if she wasn’t allowed to act on them. She could live with being fourteen with this woman. It wasn’t too bad, was it?

She got to right inside the door, when a small spurt seemed through her quivering muscles and dampened her hand. Immediately, her face flushed red with heat, and Amy ran to the open stall and struggling to get her pants unbuttoned, she got them pulled down, the wet patch quite visible on her crotch.

Susan nodded with approval seeing as Amy had forgotten to close the cubical in her rush. She walked over and examined her little girl.

“You’re kind of wet, aren’t you baby?”

Amy nodded her eyes glistening.

“You stay here and finish and I’ll go get something to clean you up.”

“I don’t have any other clothes,” Amy complained.

“Yes you do. Don’t you remember me packing a bag for you?”

“I saw the bag, but I didn’t know what it was.”

“Well, mommy’s little girl has accidents,” she said not caring that others heard her talking to Amy, or maybe she had wanted the others to hear. Either way; a couple of women and one other girl in her teens had heard.

Amy just sat there accepting that this was the way Susan wanted things.

While Susan was out, a high school girl walked to her open stall and she smiled. “It’s okay,” she whispered to Amy. “I used to wet my pants too, and no one will find out that knows you as long as you don’t talk about it and hide it well.”

Amy’s face burned.

The girl smiled and left the bathroom.

Susan came back in with a diaper and a skirt for her.

“You want me to wear that?” Susan asked a little fearful.

“You wet your pants, honey. You need to wear a diaper now, for mommy, okay?”

“I… I don’t… I’m not a baby,” Amy looked at her with sadness in her eyes.

“No one is calling you a baby. Didn’t I just tell that other woman you are fourteen years old. The thing is we are on a long trip, and you have trouble with controlling your bladder when you are on long car rides. You wet the other night because you waited too long, and you wet today.”

Amy nodded a trail of water sliding down from her left eye.

Susan put her in the diaper, and then put a cute pink skirt on her. At least the skirt was long enough to hide her diaper.

They went out to the front after washing their hands, and Susan ordered them some food. Amy sat at the table, keeping her legs close together for fear someone might look up her skirt at her shame. She felt her waist around where her shirt was tucked in to make sure none of her diaper was seen from the top.

“Amy,” her mom came with the food. “Don’t worry so much honey. As long as you sit decently, no one can see what your panties look like under your skirt. Here, have some chicken nuggets and a chocolate shake, sweetheart.”

Amy nodded and sighed.

*018*2012-07-17 12:59

Start of the Arrangement

Upon arriving at the school parking lot, Amy turned to Susan. She bit her lower lip for a moment, and then nodded her head. She took a deep breath, and as she exhaled, she said ‘I agree.’

“You will be my baby?”

“Yes. I’ll do whatever you want, but don’t embarrass me at school, please.”

“Alright, then we should get your things from your room.”

“What? Why? I’m still going to school, aren’t I?”

“Of course you are. But have you ever heard of a child living away from her parents?”

Amy shook her head.

“We’ll rent a hotel for a few days until I find an apartment. During the week, we’ll live in the apartment, and on the weekends, we’ll go home where it’s more comfortable.”

“Okay, mommy.”

“So, why don’t you let mommy come up with you to get your things?”

“Why not?” she shrugged.

Two hours later, Amy’s side of the room was cleaned out, and they were headed to the hall to let them know that they had another bed they could rent to another needy student.

“I have a class this afternoon,” Amy let Susan know.

“Then, I’ll let you go to class, but you are not to touch your diaper until you get home. If you are wet, I’ll change you.”

“I understand, mommy.”

“Alright, I’ll go get us a hotel. You go ahead and go to the library to study until you have class. I’ll be by the library at six to pick you up.”

“Alright.”

Amy sighed. She was going to be a little girl twenty-four hours a day from now on, but she would not have to pay anything for college, and this lady would actually talk to her, even though it would be a bit like she was a kid, it would be better than the silent treatment she got from her roommates for being different.

By six, Susan had set up the hotel with some coloring books and toys for her little girl who she was now on route to pick up from school. She walked into the library at six oh two, and saw her daughter working on homework.

Amy looked up just her new ‘mommy’ walked in.

“Were you a good girl?” Susan asked her looking down at her skirt.

“Yes,” she said with a shy smile. “Can we talk about it in the car. It’s embarrassing here.”

“Sure baby. Get your stuff and let’s go.”

They walked out to the car, her mom thankfully allowing her to walk without holding her hand because she had to carry her book bag. Once they got into the car, Susan looked expectantly at her little girl.

“I wet my pants, mommy,” she said biting her lip. “It’s been wet since the middle of class.”

“And you didn’t touch the diaper at all?”

“No, mommy. I did as you said, and I’m in a wet diaper now.”

“Okay, I’ll change you when we get to our room.”

Amy smiled. “Mommy? Can I please please please sometimes wear panties? You said a diaper is for long trips, and I’m like fourteen, right?”

“Sure, honey. I’ll let you wear panties to school tomorrow if you want. But I’m still going to check to see if you wet your pants, understand?”

Amy nodded. “But I don’t have to do it in my panties, do I?”

“No, you don’t have to. But I’m going to check anyway.”

“Alright.”

They pulled into a very fancy hotel, and beyond that, Susan had ordered a suite with two bedrooms, a nice fancy bathroom, and a common living room space to watch TV.

“This is beautiful!” Amy admired.

“You didn’t think I was going to rent a room at motel 8, did you?”

Amy shrugged.

“Lay on the floor so I can change your diaper, honey.”

“Can I have panties?”

“I suppose so, for a little while, but when you sleep, you wear a diaper, alright?”

Amy nodded.

