Bridget's Students and her Discipline

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2011-06-11 20:45

"Why She Came for Help"

Bridget had just watched another student walk out of her office feeling like she was wasting her time with kids that really didn't want to be at school. She tossed her long red-brown hair behind her head and out of her left eye, the long soft strands brushing as low as her breasts. It really seemed no use in tutoring many of her peers these days, and Bridget half wondered if it were she that was in the wrong thinking that college was all about studying and getting good grades regardless of whatever you did to bide the time.

She looked down at the computer screen to write a note in Lisa's profile to note that she had not done the required reading for the day's tutoring session and was sent off to read it before bothering her again. She sighed and shook her head.

"These kids will never learn," she muttered to herself. "Perhaps I should go back to training them--to really training them."

As Bridget started to put things away for the afternoon, her door opened. She had not expected another student, but she looked up at the door with her green eyes and freckled face just the same, her mouth a polite "I'm her to help you" smile.

Behind her, a window was open where the sun shined on Bridget's hair giving her a supernatural luster. In front of her oak desk was a smaller plastic student's chair with a clipboard in the seat. From wall to wall, along the left side of Bridget, there were nothing but books stacked in a dozen bookcases.

The door opened and it revealed a very young student not more than a few months out of high school. Her black hair hung nearly to her bottom, and her almond shaped dark peepers were shining with moisture from crying earlier that day, perhaps. She wore a nice white blouse and pink mid-thigh skirt.

The girl shuffled in looking frightened that some terrible monster or teacher would jump out at her and fail her out of college. Bridget could tell that this girl was in a lot of trouble because of the way she moved. She was desperate for something, and since she was there, that must have been help in her classes.

"I was told you could help me," the girl mumbled as she approached the oak desk.

"That depends on a few things," Bridget replied to the young girl. "I do not take new students unless they are willing to make a commitment."

"I could try," the younger girl shook with anticipation and fear of rejection at the same time.

"First, what is your name?"

"Mia."

"Have a seat and tell me what this is about."

"I'm failing everything!"

"Yes, but the only reason for a student to fail everything is that she wouldn't care about being in school to begin with."

"No, I do care," Mia started to leak a river of tears down the left side of her face. "My parents said that if I fail this year, they'll cut me off and I'll have to work at a dead-end job for the rest of my life."

Bridget sighed. "Why would your parents say something like that? Is it because you've always been popular and have never really taken your studies seriously?"

Mia looked at her; shaking; genuinely afraid.

"You were a popular chatter-box in high school, and now you are finding college a lot harder because you actually have to study, aren't you?"

"Please, miss. I don't want to fail. I can't... I can't go home a failure!"

"If I help you, I will need one hundred percent commitment from you."

"I promise. Anything. Anything." She was just about to start bawling; or begging; or anything else that might work.

"I warn you right now, I'm not going to take it easy on you. I will train you on studying and help you learn your materials, but to do that, you will have to do everything and anything I say. You will have to trust me a hundred percent."

Mia nodded her head sniffling to hold back her tears.

"My name is Bridget. If you want to study with me, you will first need to move from your place to my room. I cannot keep an eye on your study habits if I don't see you enough."

Mia gulped. "You want me to move in with you?"

"Only if you want my help."

"I do. I really do."

"Then, you'll need to move in to my room so I can show you how to study."

Mia nodded a single last rogue tear slipped down her face to nearly her nose before she wiped it away.

"Meet me at this address at six o'clock," Bridget told the younger girl. "I'll explain in detail what things you need to do, and you'll sign a contract for me to help you the rest of the year."

"Yes," Mia mumbled in a subdued somewhat relieved voice. "I'll do anything to pass."

Bridget gave her the address, and the nodded to her to let her know she could stand up and leave her office. Once Mia was out of her office, she started to stand up from her desk when someone else knocked and entered.

"Oh, Susan, it's you," Bridget addressed one of her more annoying students. "Let me guess, you can't understand something in math?"

Susan nodded. She was a fairly big and heavy tan-rosy girl with dirty-blond short hair that didn't even reach her shoulders. Her blue eyes were set as though she normally controlled things, but upon seeing her tutor, she would direct these eyes towards the floor. Her casual style with jeans and an old dirty t-shirt along with her heavy bones and the meat on them, gave her no chance to find any boys even if she wasn't trying to pass her classes.

"Did you ask the math teacher first for an explanation after class?"

"Yes," Susan said as she produced a note from the teacher.

"Dear Tutor, This student is hopeless and you would be doing her well to just advise her to take a different math class. As for today's assignments, we were combining terms on one side of the equation so we can solve for X. Her work is horrible, and she doesn't even understand what a like term is."

Bridget sighed. "He wants you to drop his class."

"I know."

"But you don't want to?"

Susan looked down.

Bring your work and sit in the chair in front of my desk then. There should be a clip board near the chair.

Bridget was starting to feel a little distress because she kept getting visitors. Susan was the fifteenth student to see her, and each one needed at least five minutes of her time. Susan would need a lot longer, and she was afraid that she was going to be late for her last class of the day helping that girl. Another irritating problem was that she had wanted to pee before her next class, but now, she knew that it would be impossible.

"Alright, let's see what you were having trouble with today," Bridget had Susan show her the work.

The work was pretty complicated for someone in their second year at school, but then they had placement tests in place and the students were allowed to choose to take easier classes, so Bridget didn't really feel sorry for Susan. Also, Susan had been warned that she had not done well enough to warrant taking the third level of algebra, and had been asked many times to drop out of it.

Bridget pushed her roller chair backwards towards a small whiteboard behind her, and she pulled it around so that Susan could see what she was doing. She stood up and wrote a sample problem that looked similar to what Susan was studying.

Bridget felt her bladder growing in heaviness, but she was as strict with herself as she was her students. She stood there explaining the formula to Susan waiting for that light that just seemed burned out or broken. It really felt as though Susan had hit a dead end with this subject, but she insisted she could get it. Bridget could only sigh.

Susan knew better than to ask to leave until the session was over because if she did, Bridget would not see her for two weeks as punishment for leaving in the middle of a session, especially a walk in one. So, Susan sat there worried that she wasn't going to get it, but tried not to feel the sting of her tears or the anxiety of a problem that stubbornly remained elusive.

Bridget sat down in her chair for a few minutes, worried that Susan was going to keep her there all day. She had another class in about thirty minutes, and she was really hoping to get to stop at the bathroom, but she refused to leave a struggling student in the middle of a concept that confused her. She squeezed her legs together while Susan thought about the current sample problem.

"Is X 19?" Susan seemed to be guessing.

"No!" Bridget was harsher than she meant to be partially because she was troubled by her heavy bladder that kept pressing at the nerves near the opening for release. "What did you forget?" She asked shifting her weight once again and bending over at the waist.

Susan thought about what Bridget meant.

Over the next ten minutes, it seemed that someone had opened Bridget's body up and poured liquid directly into her bladder. The water was swishing around like crazy, and making even little movements difficult, but she pressed on trying to make Susan understand.

Finally, Susan began to catch on a bit. She finally solved one of the problems by herself, and Bridget smiled in triumph with her. However, the need was beginning to make Bridget's privates burn with desire and her side had a dull ache.

"Are you okay, Ms. Bridget?" Susan asked politely.

"I'm fine," Bridget winced a tear at the corner of her right eye. "Now, let's see if you can get this next part before I have to get to class?"

Susan concentrated on the second part, which given the first part, made it much easier to understand. "I get it!" she shouted.

Susan spent five more minutes demonstrating to Bridget, who was wigging her lets and tapping her toes, that she could do the work.

After Bridget was finally satisfied that Susan knew what she was doing, she allowed her to leave.

"Well, I think you got it, so unless there is anything else..." Bridget broke off in mid sentence, feeling her bladder throb, and her holes relax for the shortest of moments releasing a bit of moisture into her stainless white cotton panties. She gasped.

Susan left out the door, and Bridget put her hand down by her brown skirt and felt up inside it, relieved that the material of her skirt was still dry and her panties really were not that wet. She stood up as fast as she could without letting her privates open again, and she made her way to the door of her office shaking.

The walk down the corridor to the nearest bathroom was a struggle the entire way, her hands practically pushing at the front of her skirt, but unable to really grab herself. She was shaking. She was walking a bit slower than usual trying not to let anything else out.

Upon reaching the ladies' door, Bridget felt relieved. After her business was taken care of with only a wet patch in her panties the size of five or six quarters, she breathed in and out slowly, the shame and fear slowly disappearing. Then, she made her way to class where no one realized that she had nearly wet herself.

"Bridget's Way of Doing Things"

Bridget looked at her watch as she walked off from her last class of the day. It was 5:15 and she was supposed to meet her new student to tutor at 6:00 at her little guest room that she rented from a wealthy couple off of campus. She would have to hurry to make it on time, and some how, earlier, she had managed to keep from getting her clothes soaked, though her panties did have a little smell in them from the two little squirts that had sneaked in on her on the way to the toilets.

She was supposed to be the tutor and the one in control, so it would not have been good at all if the student she met to tutor had caught her in wet clothes. Thank the cosmos for little miracles. Now, she was rushing to the bus stop to catch the last one that would get her to her home on time. The younger student, if she was only a first year as Bridget had thought, was probably already done with classes and waiting for her.

Bridget constantly watched her watch as the city bus made each of its stops on its way to her abode. Inside, she was saying over and over, hurry up, in a sing-song worried chant. If the girl had been serious and taken her up on her offer, the last thing she wanted to do was set a bad example on the first day.

The bus finally arrived at her stop and Bridget quickly made her way off of the bus, down the main street to her turn and walked to the end of the court where she found the large two story gray house that was in front of her abode. The Jackson family lived in that gray house, and behind it, they rented her a small guest house.

In front of the gray house, sitting on the steps, was the black haired Asian that Bridget had met earlier with three suitcases and two large boxes sitting next to her. Apparently the girl was serious about getting help; enough so that she was there with her stuff already.

"You already brought your things?" Bridget commented as she walked up to the girl letting her know she was there. Glancing at her watch she was relieved to find that she was there almost five minutes early.

Mia nodded her head. "You said you wanted me to move in with you, so I spent the time after I left your office to go pack."

"What about your classes?"

"I didn't think it would matter if I missed one afternoon because if you didn't take me in and help me anyway, I'd probably have to drop and go back a failure to work in some dead-end job like McDonald's. You told me to meet you at six, so I am here ready to do anything you say."

"I didn't expect or want you to miss classes. You are far enough behind without doing that." She looked at Mia hard for a moment then smiled. "I guess what is done is done. Get one of your boxes and follow me."

Mia stood quickly and grabbed the nearest box ready to do anything Bridget told her to do. They walked away from the steps and around the corner of the house to the gate of the fence that separated the backyard from the front. Down a short walk with lush healthy green grass and patches of flowers here and there, winding around three nice water fountains, and past a few trees, it seemed that Bridget lived in a garden. And at the end of it, about six or seven meters from the main house, was the guest house.

From the outside, it was obvious that the pink and white guesthouse couldn't be much more than a single room, and upon entering, that was confirmed. In the area closest to the door, there were two love seats set up facing a small television. towards the middle of the room, a full-sized bed and a smaller single bed that had rails much like a crib stood. Way in the back, a kitchen card table, some counter space, a small stove and little fridge with kitchen sink completed the main room.

In the front area, near the television, there were also two desks. One desk was a regular study desk with a hutch and a computer on it. It looked as though Bridget was currently using it to its full capacity, but next to it, a smaller almost elementary school style desk with a plastic student's chair not much different from what you'd see in high school sat facing the smaller desk.

Near the beds, there were two dressers and a large sliding-door style walk in closet. And at the kitchen card table there were only one full sized table chair and one chair that looked like it was made for a child. Indeed, it was made of wood, and looked nothing more than a baby's high chair that had had the tray portion removed.

"Go put your box next to that bed," Bridget pointed at the smaller child-like crib, "and then get your other things."

Mia nodded though she shivered at the thought that it looked like the bed was a crib and the second chair at the table seemed to mean to treat her like a child. She walked outside, and back in carrying her things mostly one at a time because she was a small person, therefore didn't have the strength to lift more than one of the boxes or suitcases which were stuffed full of her things.

Once everything was inside, Mia looked around and noticed that Bridget had disappeared. "Now where did she go," thought Mia.

Bridget had taken the time while Mia was busy getting her things to go outside, back to the main house and into the back door to get to the bathroom. She went through the familiar kitchen door, and turned to the right down a very short corridor which had one bedroom and one bathroom in it. This was the bathroom that Bridget had been accustomed to using since coming to this guest house nearly three years ago.

The only bedroom down this corridor had been turned into a small office, and this was where she would often meet Mr. Jackson when she renewed her contract with him or when they had to discuss some business over her lease of the guest house. This was the only part of the main house she had ever been shown or allowed through. Just enough so she had access to the only bathroom available to her and the office where she'd meet her landlord.

Bridget walked back into the guest house to find Mia already finished bringing her things inside, and standing nervously by the child's bed that she intended to give the younger student.

"Please come to the table so we can discuss the contract," Bridget said as she reached into her desk drawer and fumbled around for her pre-made papers.

Mia opened her backpack and pulled out a packet of papers as well before she walked to the table. In front of her, she placed the packet of papers reading them again for the fifth time that day.

Bridget came over to the table and blushing realized that Mia already had the papers she was looking for. "Oh, did I already give you those?"

Mia nodded.

"Forgive me, I was so busy today, I forgot that I had. So, have you read them through?"

Mia nodded a little nervously.

"Do you have any questions?"

Mia had lots of questions and really didn't understand the contract she was looking at. It seemed like Bridget was asking her to give up all of her freedoms and to just be almost like her child. It didn't make sense, however, that Bridget wanted a child because the contract had specifically warned her that if she wanted to be treated like a child or wanted to ditch her responsibility to succeed then there was nothing Bridget could do for her and she should forget this arrangement.

"No," Mia whispered hoping that Bridget would make those finer points more clear to her. Even if she was treated like a child or not, she couldn't face going back home a failure. Not only would she not have anything to look forward to, but her father had threatened to stop supporting her completely and that she would be cut off if she didn't take her studies seriously enough to pass.

"Then showing up here, even after you have read the contract means you are willing to do everything I ask of you, right?" Bridget smiled.

"Yes," Mia mumbled and shivered.

"Fine. Sign and date both your copy and mine. I'll do the same and we'll keep them in our desks."

Mia nodded. She felt a little funny being in the child's chair at the table as she signed the paper, but she fit just fine because of her slender and petite form. She looked around the room again seeing her unpacked things by the child's bed.

"Let's get your things put away, and then we'll start studying right away," Bridget said in a cheerful voice as she took her copy of the signed contract.

As they took out the clothes from her suitcases and took her dresses and skirts to the closet to hang up, Mia noticed a wood bucket in the corner of the closet and on the top shelf, she saw a package of unopened diapers. She shrugged though her face felt a little flush upon seeing them.

The dresser she was to use, had three bottom drawers for her regular things, one upper drawer for her underthings, and in the other upper drawer, she saw some somewhat childish panties already there. She blushed again and closed the drawer. The contract had not said anything about that, that she knew of. Maybe they were just left over there for some reason, she had to hope.

Once she was unpacked, Bridget took her to her desk and asked her to take out the results from her mid-terms that she had just had last week. The grades were appalling, but Bridget shrugged them off as she saw them. Math was a fifty-three, English was a forty-nine, Science was a sixty-three, and Political Science was a sixty-nine. All of these were a good reason to want help.

Bridget took those tests and put them inside her desk drawer, then she pulled out a math paper from her desk drawer which seemed to have very similar questions on it. "I want to see if you really are that stupid or if the idea of taking a test had cause you to freeze."

Mia looked up at her, the words stinging her soul. She didn't challenge her tutor though, but took the paper from her to start.

"Don't think of this as a test," Bridget told her. "How well you do on it will not determine if I help you or not, but rather just how I will start in math."

Mia nodded feeling a bit anxious just the same.

"Maybe It's All The New Stress"

While Mia worked on the new math paper that Bridget gave her, she went to the fridge and pulled out a can of cola and some food for dinner. She poured the cola into a glass with some ice and put it near Mia, but out of her way enough that she wouldn't spill it.

"Here, you need to keep yourself alert so you can do well, so drink this while you work. I'm going to be making dinner while you work."

Mia nodded.

Bridget then went back to the little kitchenette area and started working on their dinner, some spaghetti for dinner. She was chopping up lots of fresh vegetables for it because she never appreciated how little real vegetables they actually packed into the Ragu Sauce she usually used for making anything Italian.

Mia worked at her seat trying very hard to show Bridget how much a good student she could be if she put her mind to it. She worked on the problems for nearly a couple of hours without a break while Bridget prepared dinner. She felt that a lot of these problems were do-able with Bridget's help, but there were four or five that she had to skip so she could ask Bridget about them when she had time to help her.

The smells from the spaghetti were flooding the air around both girls, and they both put a hand to their stomach as they were reminded that it was past dinner time at nearly eight-thirty. Bridget set the table with plates, glasses, and silverware towards the end, and Mia tried very hard not to look at the kitchen, but at her work. She had already finished the easier parts of the test that Bridget had given her, and she was now working on one of the problems that she had to go back to.

Bridget walked out of the room for a few minutes, and Mia took this to mean that she was not to get up just yet.

Bridget made her way to the main house, through the kitchen, waved "hi" to Mr. Jackson who owned the houses, and into the bathroom that she was allowed to use. She finished quickly and washed her hands. One thing that she had forgotten about, was the near accident she had earlier until she pulled down her panties to pee, but she was relieved to see that it hadn't stained, and it was now nearly dry with only girl stuff in it.

She made her way back to the girls' room and as she approached Mia, she stopped at her chair.

"Well, how did it go?"

"I couldn't get these five problems," Mia sighed.

"Alright. Why don't you take a break and eat first, and then we can look at them together after wards, okay?"

"Sure."

Mia came to the table, the aura of the smell practically lifting her from the floor and pulling her along by the nose. The fumes were wonderful, and her stomach growled at the food wanting to eat.

Bridget went back into the fridge and pulled out some milk for Mia and some Lemon Tea.

"Please drink some milk with your dinner."

"I don't usually...."

"I know. If you ate and drank healthy things all the time, you'd do better in your studies. The fact that you aren't good at anything implies that you are not getting enough energy to study well."

Mia looked down. She realized that this could have been true because since coming to the school so far away from her mother who always used to cook for her, she really hasn't been eating very healthy things.

"You asked me to help you pass, so you need to do what I say when it comes to making yourself capable as a student, okay?"

Mia nodded. "I'll do anything."

She took the milk and started to drink it.

Halfway through the dinner, Mia started to look a little confused and worried. Her head tilted to the left and she looked deep in thought. She scratched her head muttering to herself.

"Is something wrong?" Bridget asked as Mia shifted slightly in her seat as she thought.

"Nothing," Mia said at first. "It's just I keep thinking I forgot something."

"Oh, that's probably just because you are in a new place, and you are a little nervous because I'm going to help you study, and I'm being a bit strict."

"Yeah, that might be it," Mia was still a bit unnerved and uncertain. She was sure she forgot to ask something important, but she couldn't think of what that was.

Bridget and she ate the dinner, Mia being polite and eating or drinking whatever Bridget asked her to for the time being. Nothing offered to her presented her with much difficulty after all.

Once dinner was finished, Bridget asked Mia to go back to studying, and she started to wash the dishes. This time, Bridget had produced an English test for Mia to study.

Mia sat at the desk working on her test not thinking about the fact that it had been about 11:30 in the morning when she last used the toilet, and now it was nearing 10:30 in the evening.

Bridget came over to see how she was doing on her writing soon after finishing the dishes.

"Your spelling is so bad, you shouldn't have graduated high school like that," Bridget said heartlessly.

"I know."

"Well, then I guess I'm going to have to do some vocabulary and spelling practice with you so we can improve that."

"Yes Ma'am."

Bridget continued looking over the paper while Mia watched with shameful eyes.

"Can... can... can I use the bathroom?" Mia suddenly asked.

"It's a bit late," Bridget said as if that had anything to do with it.

"I know, but I have to go."

"Well, the main house is locked up for the night," Bridget told her. They lock the door at 9:30."

"Oh, but surely we have a place we can..."

"I guess," Bridget went into the closet and pulled out an old bucket and a pair of panties and nightshirt to show her roommate. "You can use this, for tonight. Then change into these for sleeping."

Mia didn't think Bridget was being strange about the clothes, but the bucket? "Um... how do I go in the bucket? Do... do... do I have to go in front of you?"

"Not at all. You can go in the closet if you like."

Mia sighed in relief. "Sure, and then you want me to change into these things?"

Bridget nodded.

*003*2011-06-12 23:49

"How Bridget Likes to Start Her Students"

Mia slipped into the closet and nervously put the bucket into position. She started to sit, but it wasn't like sitting on a chair or toilet. If she just tried to sit, she'd fall in. She tried to squat over it, but it was too wide for that, and put her in a clumsy situation that would make her fall if she tried to stay that way long enough to go.

Mia sighed and wondered how she was supposed to use a bucket like this. It wasn't small enough to sit on comfortably, and she was starting to really feel like going badly. That cola she had been drinking early had gone through her system. She wiggled around some dancing in place trying to figure out what to do. Even standing over the bucket would place her legs too far apart to stay like that long, and she'd probably get tired and fall in it. Her stomach throbbed some.

Mia sighed and realized there was only one thing she could do. She also noted that the bucket was just wide enough for this. She stood inside it, causing her legs to be a bit closer together than she wanted, and she couldn't really squat or her bottom wouldn't be over the bucket. She hoped the stream wouldn't be too forceful or it might miss the bucket anyway, but it was the best solution she could come up with. She stood over it, shaking slightly from nerves. It was hard to get it to start at first despite the extreme discomfort to her abdomen.

It seemed to take an eternity, but eventually, Mia felt the water slip out of the cracks in her pelvis, down her legs in a controlled flow as she fought to keep it a slow small stream so it wouldn't squirt across the small room with a wood floor, such as the room was. For the most part, because it was almost just a trickle escaping her most intimate region, she was able to keep the floor mostly dry, but her legs were getting wet on quite badly due to the near touching of her thighs, the position she was forced to stand in to keep inside the bucket.

She finally finished, and realizing there was no toilet paper or anything else to wipe with, she used the only thing that made sense at the time, her already dirty and used panties that she was going to swap. She stepped out of the bucket, her feet dripping the gold liquid on the floor and reached down to get the discarded panties to wipe her legs and her pubic mound whose forest had been shaved a couple of months earlier and kept that way.

Upon putting on the purple panties, something about them didn't feel right. They felt rather soft and bulky in the crotch and around the back. It was almost as if... she was wearing... training pants! Her face blushed as she discovered what she was given to sleep in. She also didn't miss a box of real diapers resting in plain sight on the top shelf drawing her to fear that Bridget might actually put one on her. She poked her head out of the closet and whispered for Bridget to come over.

"Bridget!"

"What?" she sounded a little irritated.

"Do you know what you gave me to wear?"

"Yeah. Your sleeping clothes."

"No, I mean," Mia blushed a little nervous to bring it up. "You gave me... some..."

"Sleeping panties," Bridget said without shame. "Do you intend to try to fill that bucket all night now you know how hard it is to use?"

Mia shook her head.

"And if you have to go again?"

"I'll used it if I really have to go again," Mia said now catching on. "I won't wet the bed, honest."

"Well, we'll see," Bridget said. "But for tonight, you wear those. If they are dry in the morning, I'll let you sleep in regular panties tomorrow."

"I'm not a baby, and I do have good control," Mia blushed.

"That's fine. But you did promise to do anything I asked, didn't you?"

Mia nodded.

"Then wear those for now. If you are dry tomorrow, then I'll let you wear regular panties to sleep tomorrow night."

"Alright," Mia said sounding too tired to argue.

Part 2

Mia walked over to her bed and climbed in. She sighed before letting sleep relax her and move her past this dreadful day.

In the night, Bridget climbed out of bed without waking Mia. She slipped over to the sink and carefully turned on the hot water to adjust it body temperature. Then she slipped back to Mia's bed, carefully pulled the blanket back from her enough to expose her panties and put just a bit of water in the crotch of her panties and on the bed between her legs. Then she covered the girl again very carefully so the blankets would keep the water warm.

The next morning, Mia felt something strange between her legs and in her crotch and she gasped as she realized that there was wetness there. Her face started to sweat. It really felt like she had leaked in her panties, and she couldn't believe it.

"Little Roomie?"

Mia woke up wet and felt trapped. She didn't remember peeing herself ever since elementary school, and she felt that her size and her immature emotions already made this situation much harder than it had to be. Also her desperate need to pass this year and get back on track to succeed at school made her even more dependent on this strange teacher. She lie in bed trying to wait for Bridget to leave the room or something, but she didn't seem to go anywhere. She knew she had no choice but to fess up.

"Miss Bridget," she mumbled. "I peed myself last night."

"Let's see," Bridget came to her bedside and pulled back the blankets revealing the damp panties and a small wet spot on the bed. "It's not that bad, Mia. Go ahead and get up and get a shower."

Mia climbed out of bed, stretched, and then put on some sweats to go to the main house where she'd find a bathroom to use the toilet and take her shower.

Bridget meanwhile, prepared some clean clothes for Mia to include a nice colorful blouse, a skirt and some regular white full bloomer panties that were not sexy in the slightest, but at least were adult garments. When Mia came back from her bath dressed in sweats and a t-shirt, and saw her things laid out, she sighed.

"Can't I even wear what I want?"

"What did you want to wear?"

"Well, I was hoping..." she trailed off.

"You wanted to dress sexy, didn't you?"

Mia looked down. She thought it was a young woman's right to feel special especially during this time of her life.

"You cannot be distracted by boys right now if you want to raise your grades," Bridget warned her. "You need to dress conservatively at least until your grades are back up and you know you'll pass. Tell you what, if you work hard for the next couple of days, I'll take you somewhere special on Friday."

Mia nodded. She didn't agree, but she didn't want to lose the best tutor on the campus either, and Bridget was the most recommended tutor for saving failing students. She couldn't go home a failure, so she'd do as Bridget said. She would avoid dating until Bridget gave her permission.

"We have a meeting at the library at 6:00," Bridget told her as Mia dressed. "We'll have a study office all to ourselves with access to materials to help you study. I also need to see you at my office between 11:00 adn 1:00. Make sure you come or I can't check."

"Che...check?" Mia had a nervous feeling about the way she said that.

"Yeah. You will be studying in your classes without being late, you not leave early or in the middle of your classes, and you will show me the notes you take so I can make sure you are getting good notes for classes too. No sleeping in class."

"Can't you check that after the end of the day?" Mia asked a little red.

"I could, but I need to check you before you start your afternoon classes anyway."

"Why?"

"Because I also have to make sure you aren't wet."

"I'm not a baby," Mia pouted. "I have good control," she responded her eyes narrowed at her tutor. 'Or at least I did,' she thought to herself. "You can't be serious. I don't want you to check to see."

"Well, it's up to you. But if you want my help to turn your study habits around, then you really need to do as I say otherwise I'm just wasting my time with you because as long as you will not change, then you will fail your classes."

Mia took a deep breath, looking at the floor. "Alright. I'll come to your office to be checked," she muttered. "I want to pass."

Next part

Bridget left to go back to her office knowing that if Mia was serious about passing then she would come to the office to be checked and if she wasn't then she was making up her own mind. Bridget didn't really expect the girl to be wet, after all, the only reason she looked wet was because of her water trick.

She prepared for her first student that would come after her first class, then she walked over to her class.

The class was short and sweet, and Bridget felt ready to tackle the problems of her students on this day. She really looked forward to Mia visiting her at her office later. Mia was the one she most wanted to see, because there was something cute about her.

Karia, a twenty year old blond was the first to come to her office that morning with questions about science. She produced a quiz that had only three out of 20 corrected.

"I just don't understand chemistry," she said slumping her shoulders.

"It's okay," Bridget smiled up at her. "Let's just do this one question at a time, and I'll show you how to study anything for a test when you are not good at that subject."

Next post: June 15 2011

Bridget walked to her bookcase and pulled out a book related to Chemistry and opened it at her desk. Then she looked up at Karia once she was settled.

"Did you take notes everyday you were in his class?" she asked Karia.

"Yes I did. I know you won't help me unless I do."

"Let's see them"

Karia pulled out her notebook, and the notes were extensive with diagrams and side notes she had added from reading her books. Bridget was truly impressed.

"This is really good, Karia. So, even though you are taking notes like this, you are still finding Chemistry very difficult?"

Karia nodded.

"Then let's look at how you are studying the notes."

Bridget and Karia got right to work.

Some time later, after Karia had gone and Bridget was working on the computer, the clocked seemed to speed up and it was soon time for an expected knock upon the office door.

The time slowly ticked and Bridget watched the office door expectantly. Would Mia come?

11:30... her class was out.

Bridget shifted as she looked from the clock to the door and back to her computer.

11:32...

Bridget clicked on her schedule and checked that she had to go to Math at 1:30. she looked at the door, and still did not see Mia.

11:33...

Mia felt a little pressure in her stomach, but she crossed her legs and looked at the door. Maybe Mia had cold feet after last night. Maybe she wasn't that desperate for help as Bridget had thought.

11:34...

The door remained closed and Bridget checked her writing assignment for her doctorate class. There was still some revising to do on it. She sighed.

11:35...

The door opened and Bridget looked over expectantly, but sighed as she saw it was just Lisa.

"Bridget? I was wondering it I could set up some time for tomorrow."

"Sure."

"Would you have some time between 10:00 and 11:30?"

Bridget checked her calendar worried that Mia had either forgotten or that she was going to skip her tutoring.

"Yes, I have time tomorrow at that time."

"So, I can use the whole time?"

"Sure."

Bridget marked the time.

11:38...

Lisa left the office and the door was pulled immediately open by--

...

Mia.

