Jenny and Ann go swimming

Author: squirtuk

*000*2013-10-25 14:09

Jenny and Ann: A swimming fantasy.

This is a piece written to appeal to my own particular fantasies. I enjoy aspects of wetting, wetlook and female one piece swimsuits. I wanted to write a piece that had a woman swimming fully clothed, without any embaressment, with another swimming in a swimsuit. The following is the result.

As awlays I quite enjoy a bit of back story about "discovery" and the single idea that other people out there also enjoy my particular kinks. So if this is your thing, please read on. Positive critisisms are always welcome, though negative comments will probably be written off with the suggestion to go and write something better!

Anyway, here we go!

Jenny and Ann were good friends, both were professional married thirty something’s who were lucky enough not to have to work full time. A couple of days a week they were ladies of leisure, which usually meant a trip to the gym to keep their bodies lithe! Which is where they had met. They recognised the enjoyment in each other of keeping fit and soon after their friendship blossomed Ann invited Jenny over to her house, to have a swim in their indoor pool.

For a couple of months things went, well, swimmingly, both women felt relaxed in each other’s company, and they enjoyed the mutual times together keeping up their fitness, and generally gossiping and chatting as they swam. However one week things suddenly became interesting!

As they swam up and down the reasonably short pool their conversation had turned to sex, and specifically sex with their husbands, and the little games they played. Ann let slip that one of the reasons they had bought the house with the pool was that she and her husband both enjoyed something called wetlook. Jenny was a bit lost at this, having not come across the term before now, and asked Ann to explain. But Ann became extremely embarrassed at this point saying something along the lines of having said too much. The subject was changed and the conversation moved on to other subject whilst they continued their weekly swim.

However the following week, Jenny again visited for their weekly swim meet. She was welcomed by her host, Ann, at the door as usual, and they gently wandered through the reasonably well to do house to the rear parts where the pool and changing area was situated. Both were casually dressed in jeans and blouses, and as soon as they arrived in the changing room Jenny plonked her swimming bag down and proceeded to remove her clothing in readiness for her swim. She had stripped to her underwear, and was rummaging in her sports bag to pull out her swimsuit, when she noticed than Ann was just stood with her arms folded, leaning against the wall, still continuing to chat, as they normally did, but making no effort to change.

“You not swimming today? Asked jenny, somewhat perplexed that Ann was not changing into her swimsuit.

At this point Ann blushed a little, and then said rather hesitantly that she was going to swim, but, she wasn’t going to change.

“What do you mean”? Said Jenny, “surely you’re going to put on your swimsuit to swim aren’t you?”

“No, I’m not” said Ann suddenly finding some courage to admit a dark secret. “I really quite like getting my clothes wet, and I hope you don’t mind if I swim with them on today”

“Well, it’s your pool” said Jenny “and I guess you can do anything you want to, as long as it’s legal, she added with a smile on her face. “is this the “wetlook” you mentioned last week?

“I guess it is” said Ann, becoming emboldened that she had seemingly broached the subject with her friend, without any reproach. “Are you OK with it, ‘cause if you think it’s really weird I can always take my clothes off like normal”

“No no no, “said Jenny” if that’s what you want to do, please go right ahead. Feel free, I hope we’re good friends, and I’m pleased that you seem to value our friendship enough to admit be able to own up to your little enjoyment.

“Oh, thanks Jenny, I was really concerned you might think me really weird wanting to swim in my clothes, it’s not the sort of thing normal people seem to do”.

“I guess it isn’t, but hey, I don’t reckon it does anybody any harm, and if you enjoy it, why should you not. You have a lovely private pool here, and I think I’m starting to understand why now! Let me just finish getting changed and we can have our swim.”

With that Jenny stripped off her underwear, something she had done many times before in the presence of Ann and proceeded to clamber into her powder blue simple T back sports one piece swimsuit, an action that most women find a little difficult to do with very much grace. However this time, she fumbled a bit more than usual, and ended up turning to her waiting friend stuttering and blushing as she did.

“Whilst we’re talking of such things,” Jenny said, “I might have a little confession to make myself”

“You don’t like wet clothing as well do you”? Ann asked in a slightly hopeful voice, thinking that the slight discomfort of her admission could be lessened.

“Well, you’ve been open enough to share your little diversion, and I feel I ought to redress the balance by admitting to mine” stuttered Ann.

“Well, like you said, as long as it’s legal” encouraged Jenny, “go ahead, we’re all girls here, and after my rather embarrassing confession, I don’t think I can be really shocked by anything! ”

“The thing is, it is quite embarrassing!” stuttered Ann, slumping to the little bench that ran down the short wall of the changing area.

“I promise it will go no further than these walls” said Ann, trying to put Jenny at her ease. How bad can it be? Come on, you can tell me, how much more embarrassing can it be than admitting I like to swim in all my clothes, that’s the action of a mad woman. Come on you can tell me, after all we’re all girls together”.

“Well the thing is, “faltered Jenny, “well, before I swim, I like to get a little wet first”

This only drew a puzzled expression from Ann. She could see that Jenny was deeply embarrassed by what she was trying to say, so she went and sat next to her on the bench, putting her arm around her, still trying to fathom what she was getting at.

“You mean you get a bit excited by going for a swim?” floundered Ann, wondering what she meant about “getting a bit wet”

“Well, yes,” said Jenny, “but it’s not really the going for a swim, it’s what I do beforehand. “

“Curious and getting more curious by the second” said Ann “whatever it is you do obviously excites you, so why don’t you tell me what it is”.

“Well,” Ann almost whispered, “before I go for a swim, “again a pause, “ I like to go into the toilet” another long pause, “and I sort of, well, I... I wet myself; I sit on the toilet and quite deliberately wee in my costume. There, I’ve said it now. I would understand if you were completely disgusted and never wanted to speak to me again. You must think me very childish.”

“I’m not disgusted, “ said Ann, “in fact quite the opposite, I’m quite intrigued! I’ve been getting my clothes for many years, but never thought of wetting them by peeing in them, you enjoy doing this?” Ann gently asked.

“I always have done”, said Jenny, her courage returning now that her dark guilty secret was out in the open.

“Wow” said Ann, I’ve never thought of doing that, sounds like it could be fun.

“I’ve never thought of swimming in my clothes, but I quite like the sound of that too” said Jenny.

“I’ll tell you what,” said Ann, “why don’t you go into the little toilet here, and have a right good pee, and then we can have a swim, and we can both enjoy ourselves, and talk about this some more. Leave the door open if you like.”

“You don’t mind?” asked Jenny”

“No, of course not, why should I? As you said, it does no harm, and if you enjoy doing it, why shouldn’t you. So, come on, let’s really enjoy our weekly swims together.

They both got up from the bench, and Jenny made her way into the little toilet attached to the changing room, she lifted the lid, and sat down, a little self consciously on toilet with her swimsuit very much in place. Ann hovered by the door, “do you mind if I see?” she asked, “no”, replied Jenny, “but I might be a little shy”

A few seconds of silence passed as nothing very much happened. Jenny looked up at Ann and gave a bit of a lop sided smile, “I’m not used to doing this in front of strangers” she said. “Well I’m not exactly a stranger” replied Ann, “well, no”, said Jenny, “but, well, you know what I mean, you’re not my lover..”

“True” agreed Ann, “but we seem to be sharing things that are quite close to our hearts”. Jenny sat, willing her flow to start, but feeling a huge case of bladder shyness coming on, a syndrome know by lots of blokes at public urinals. “Just relax”, said Ann, “pretend I’m not here, let it all flow, go on, enjoy yourself, I want to see how good it can be!” and with that a wet stain blossomed at Jenny’s crotch, turning the pastel blue material of her crotch a shiny darker blue, it slowly grew in size as her inhibitions loosened, and she bore down on her bladder, emptying it into her gusset, pee jetting through the material as well as collecting behind it gravity drawing it back towards the seat of her swimsuit before emerging, in a small but steady stream, and falling noisily to the waters below. All of this whilst her friend gazed on.

As Jenny’s stream faltered and died her friend noticed a slight shudder as Jenny touched her private place and gently rubbed herself. Her dreamy eyes, slightly flustered cheeks and erect nipples told the whole story of her enjoyment of this, usually socially distained, act, and Ann found her own hand gently massaging her mound through her own clothes, she allowed her friend a couple of moments of quiet before asking her, “Wow, you did enjoy that, do you think I should have a go”.

“Well, “said Jenny “only if you really want to.

“I really think I do” replied Ann “you obviously enjoyed that very much, and I think I would very much like to try it, let’s change places” Jenny stood and eased past her friend in the small toilet, allowing her friend to access the waiting toilet bowl. Jenny was a little surprised when, rather than removing her jeans, and maybe sitting on the toilet in her pants Ann simply plonked her behind down on the toilet seat still sporting her jeans.

“Wow” said Jenny, “you’re really going for it aren’t you”.

“Well, in for a penny, as it were” said Ann, not realising the unintended irony in her comment.

“I was worried you would think me sick, wanting to wee myself” admitted Jenny, “but when you said about getting your clothes wet, I thought you might get it, you know, doing something a bit naughty..... “ she trailed off. “No, I get it completely” said Ann, “It’s deeply sexual isn’t it, and strange though it might first seem, I can understand it being fun and exciting and kind of forbidden. Now let me get started. I tell you what, it does feel really strange, sat here on the toilet with my clothes on, but exciting, and a bit naughty at the same time!”

Seconds turned to minutes, and minutes ticked away as Ann desperately tried to pee in her pants, but years of ingrained toilet training stood in the way of her first and desperately wanted full-on intentional pants wetting.

“Tell me”, asked Jenny “you understand that when I wet my swimsuit it’s sexual, is it the same for you?”

“Oh yes” said Ann “It’s something I’ve done for most of my life, when I turned puberty my wet childhood games took on a very sexual turn. I was in heaven when I married Bob and discovered he liked it as well. We hardly ever have sex without some sort of wetlook involvement. Damn, I just don’t seem to be able to go. How do you manage it so readily?”

“Years of practice” said Jenny, “I remember the first time I tried to pee myself as a young kid, I just couldn’t do it. It took me several goes straining and trying to pee in my pants before I could do it deliberately! Just relax and let it come.

A couple more minutes passed, but still Ann’s panties and jeans remained stubbornly dry.

“Can I make a suggestion” offered Jenny, “you’ve kind of been caught off-guard today, and you’ve not had time to prepare, why not leave it for now, and try again when you are ready. Next time try this, start by drinking a lot of tea or coffee, or diet coke, and then when you are really bursting, come into here and try again. Maybe just wear some knickers, or even your swimsuit, take your time, don’t rush it, maybe stimulate yourself a bit, trust me, there’s nothing like a good orgasm when your bladder’s really full and ready to give out, and quite often that orgasm is the trigger your bladder needs to burst right into whatever your wearing”

Again, minutes past and in the end the look of deep concentration on Ann’s face morphed in to disappointment and frustration.

“Come on, I can’t get wet like this” said Ann, “not now, let’s go and get good and wet in the pool” She stood up and they both turned and rushed into the main pool room.

Jenny went to the steps and started to lower herself into the water, savouring the warm waters of the pool as they welcomed her into the pool. Ann walked round to the deeper end of the pool, she stood on the side, and caught Jenny’s attention as she stood right to the edge of the pool and proceeded to perform an almost perfect dive into the water, she swam a little way underwater before surfacing, standing on the bottom of the pool, and gathering her hair, sweeping it behind her shoulders. Her cotton blouse was plastered to her skin, and almost completely opaque now that it was sodden, her white bra was also no longer hiding anything and her nipples were standing to attention peeping out through the material for all the world to see. “Now that feels better” she said, “I’ve always enjoyed our swims together, but also saw them as missed opportunities as was only wearing a swimsuit. I’m glad we got to share our little kinks.

The two swam the lengths of the pool for a few minutes, each lost in their own thoughts, enjoying the trust and freedom of the friendship to relax, and be a little bit more themselves than they had been before. Eventually Jenny broke the silence.

“You’re a bit slower fully clothed, I usually can’t keep up with you!”

“I thought I might well be, to be honest I was almost planning to tell you that swimming in my clothes was good training, as is slows me down, and makes it more hard work, but that would have been a bit of a lie, I just enjoy every opportunity to get good and wet, and now, because of your acceptance of me being me, I can do it more often. I should have known that I swim slower with my clothes on, I swim here often enough! But I guess most of the time I’m in here with Bob, and we don’t do very much actual swimming!”

“Ooh, do go on” said Jenny, “tell me the dirty details”.

“Well, I guess that I can leave an awful lot to your imagination, but we often dress up to come in for a swim together, I’ve got loads of clothes in my fantasy wardrobe to keep things fresh with Bob, he likes all sorts of outfits, and we often come in here dressed up and splash about till he can’t keep his hands off me anymore and then he starts touching me up and getting me all excited until I’m begging him to satisfy me, we very often end up coupled in the pool, him with his knob out through his fly and me with my skirts up round my waist, or my trousers round my ankles, and my knickers just pulled to one side. But tell me, come on, fairs fair, I’m telling you all about my intimate details, It’s time for you to fess up, does Dave like it when you pee yourself?”

“Well yes, I must confess” said Jenny, emboldened by their new openness, “Dave does enjoy the wet side of sex. We often have an intimate evening that will have me copiously wetting my knickers at some time in the proceedings. He likes to tank me up and then stimulate me until I lose it and piss all over myself, and him into the bargain, he just loves it, the wetter the better he says. You know that large luxury bathroom I said we had installed a couple of years ago, well now you know why! No one else knows this, but when we’re both feeling randy we take double inflatable mattress into the bathroom with us, and we can be as pissy as we like!”

“Well, who’d ‘ave thought” said Ann, “two normal looking women of a certain age, both with naughty little secrets! At least we can be ourselves here, doing whatever we like. It never occurred to me before that I would like it if I deliberately wet myself, but I’m going to give at a bloody good try ‘cause I think I would really enjoy doing it!"

“And suddenly I feel under-dressed” chimed in Jenny. Would you mind if I brought some spare clothes with me next week!

*002*2013-10-28 08:00

Thank you, I'm glad you enjoyed it!

