My summer of love (A fanfiction) - Page 2

Author: Little Widow

*026*2013-06-12 00:47

{{: 

I love your story so freaking much x.x

<3

}}

I noticed. :P It's nice to know I can write and people enjoy it! :)

*027*2013-06-13 03:36

Hm, a lot of swearing in the next two chapters, but hey! We're all at least 19 in this story! :P

Chapter 12:

WHOLE FOODS:

"Now we're just here for meat and a bottle of wine," Carlos reminded the gang.

"Well that's nice, but they've already run off," Logan noticed.

"Of course they did," Carlos said through clenched teeth, frustration taking over his features. "Let's go!" Meanwhile, on the other side of the store, Katie and Kendall were looking at the sweets.

"Hm, wonder if I could make something like that," Katie mused as she looked at a cake.

"You can make something five times better than that," Kendall said confidently, emptying the soda bottle with a small squirm. Katie blushed with a smile, wrapping her arms around Kendall's hips.

"You really think so?" She asked innocently.

"I know so," Kendall said with a kiss. Katie smiled into it. "Come on, I hear pizza calling my name."

"Well good thing it's right next to the bakery," Katie giggled, pushing there cart merely ten inches.

"Hmm, what do you want?" Kendall sighed.

"Macaroni and cheese pizza," Katie said, looking longingly at the last piece of it in front of her.

"Okie dokie then," Kendall said, telling the man what they wanted.

"Do you think we should get one for James too?" Katie wondered.

"Hm, why not?" Kendall smiled, tacking on another slice, taking the boxes from the man and placing them in the cart, crossing his legs as his bladder gently made itself known.

"You okay?" Katie said, noticing.

"Couldn't be better," Kendall said. "What else should we get?"

"Hmm, soy milk?" Katie suggested. Kendall nodded, pushing the cart. "Alright, green or red carton?"

"Red, that's the best tasting one," Katie said, smiling innocently. (Ugh, I'm being cliché lol) They wandered around, gathering random things they thought they should get, Kendall growing more desperate as they went.

"Alright what's going on?" Katie asked. "You've been squirming the whole time we've been here."

Kendall was about to answer when James came running over to them. "Carlos is picking out wine and then we're heading out," he informed them. Katie nodded, looking at Kendall expectantly.

"Alright alright, I'll go!" Kendall huffed. He walked to the back of the store, but found the restrooms closed for cleaning. "Fuck," he whispered to himself, walking back to Katie. "C-can we head back now?"

"Yeah," Katie answered, hurrying to the front to buy their things. She found the shortest line, but there were still four other people ahead of them. Kendall groaned internally, crossing and uncrossing his legs. When they finally finished checking out, Katie tried to strut out to the car in an attempt to help Kendall. James helped her get things in the car before they climbed into their seats and pulled out of the parking lot to go home. James got a text then.

*028*2013-06-14 14:22

:)

Chapter 13:

They were about to pull out of the parking lot when James got a text.

"Hold up K, Carlos said there was a crash and we have to take a different way home," He explained.

Crap, he's never gonna make it now, She thought to herself. "Where am I headed?"

"Out of the parking lot and head towards the right for the light," James said, guiding her step by step. They both knew how bad Kendall's situation was, and so did he. He kept squirming, and practically tying his legs in knots.

"Just hold yourself, I don't care," Katie whispered to him. Kendall blushed, but did as he was told, feeling a little bit of relief. Katie let out a small sigh, rubbing his back. "I'm trying baby."

"Alright, next left," James said. "Oh CRAP!"

"What now?" Katie groaned. James was frantically texting Carlos to tell him to call and get the stupid security guard at the front gate to let them in. Katie looked in the backseat and realized they weren't getting inside. She was prepared throw a fit, but then something interrupted her planning; Kendall squeaked, he was quickly losing control.

"Okay it's all good, keep going," James said. Katie looked over at Kendall and sped up, still rubbing his back. They had just made it into the driveway when...

"Shit!" Kendall whispered, tears fell down his cheeks as he tried to stop, but it was too late; he was wetting himself, in front of James and in Katie's car AGAIN. He started to sob.

"Shh," Katie soothed, sliding on top of the center console and pulling him close to her, forgetting James was in the back. "Shh, it's okay baby."

"N-n-n-no I-I-I-it isn't," He sobbed once he had finally run dry.

"Yeah, it is. It's not your fault," Katie murmured, running her fingers through his hair.

"B-b-but what about the seat?" He choked out.

"I told you yesterday, it's easy to clean, and they're scotch guarded," Katie reminded him. "Besides, it's not like I haven't had other things get on the seats."

"But... it keeps happening in front of you," Kendall said, completely breaking down.

"Oh Kendall. Kendall I honestly do not care that it happens, you can't help it," Katie soothed. "It happens to EVERYONE."

"Not to you," Kendall whimpered.

"Yeah it has! Don't you remember what happened in February?"

"Wait, what?" James asked, a little too interested. "No one told me!"

Katie looked down at Kendall and took a deep breath. "My best friend who lives in Nevada came to visit, and he made us all go out together so he could tell us he was dating my other best friend, and... well... I kinda ruined Rach's jeans since she was so close to me," She finished, blushing heavily.

"Oh yeah, and you left your house key at the restaurant and your parents were out of town so I had to come get you," Kendall said, it all coming back. "And I punched Logan for laughing at you."

"Didn't I get sick from sitting outside in the cold in my wet clothes?" Katie giggled. James smiled as they recounted the adventure, seeing them both relax.

"Feel better?" James asked once they had stopped tittering like school girls.

"Yeah," Kendall sighed. "But what about the others?"

"I have all the stuff, including that jumbo pack of toilet paper," Katie said with a wink.

"Always a plan," Kendall said, kissing her, shivering from the coldness of his jeans.

"Where would we be without my plans?" Katie giggled, seeing the others pulling up behind her. "Stay here, okay?" Kendall nodded, gratefully taking James' jacket to put over his lap until he could get out safely.

*030*2013-06-17 02:22

I am hungry. :P

Chapter 14:

Katie popped the trunk and put all the stuff from the backseat onto the driveway. "Please don't say anything," She asked James.

"I wouldn't dare," he answered. "Is there anything I can do to help him?"

"Not right now, but could you take this stuff up to my room?" She asked, handing him the bags that had her notebooks and the bed pad inside. James nodded, following Carlos. Katie helped empty the car, making sure everyone was safely distracted before she went to get Kendall.

"Hey," He said, standing up, revealing just how bad he had wet; the front of his jeans were soaked, but it was limited to his crotch, but the back were drenched down to his thighs. "These were my favorite pair of jeans. I wore them on our first date."

Katie hugged him. "I'll get em fixed," she whispered, tying James' jacket around his waist before handing him the package. "Go get cleaned up, I'll be there in a few." Kendall nodded, going inside.

(I know constantly changing POV's is something rather annoying, but I think I'll ignore those people and do this my way :P )

KENDALL'S POV:

Could this get any worse?! That's three times in front of Katie! And I kept ruining her car seat. Why was she still here? Why didn't she just dump me? No one wants a baby. But then again.... this was Katie. she was "the girl in the pink bandanas." She wasn't one to go with the flow, and she NEVER held back her opinion. Why though? Why would she love a baby? There was a soft knock at the door then. "Kendall? You okay?"

END KENDALL'S POV

"Kendall, you okay?" Katie asked.

"Yeah, be there in a minute," Kendall answered. Katie layed down on the bed, opening her phone and getting on twitter. As always, her mentions were flooded. She scrolled through, picking out the good one to reply and retweet, reading every single one, just like Kendall had taught her.

"Hey," Kendall said when he got in next to her. "Anything good?"

"Just the usual stuff," She said, not mentioning all the hate in there. It outnumbered the good tweets today. "Oh wow! Kendie is trending!"

"Sweet!" Kendall said, making a vine before tweeting it and helping the trend. "Now then, what do you wanna do?"

"I dunno, I guess cuddle," Katie said, curling up against her boyfriend. Kendall smiled, kissing her softly.

"Ya know, we never really got our morning after," He smirked.

"Mmm, well, you made my knees all weak," Katie giggled. "Was I good?"

"Absolutely perfect, especially for a first time," He grinned. "We really should do that again some time."

"Mmm, let me think about it," Katie yawned, closing her eyes. Kendall smiled as she put her thumb in her mouth, pulling out his phone and snapping a picture. James walked in then.

"Hey, we're gonna get in the pool, you wanna join us?" he whispered.

"Sure," Kendall said.

"Okay then," James said, walking to his room to change. Kendall tucked Katie in, kissing her softly before changing and going downstairs to join his friends.

*032*2013-06-18 01:40

Just updated "The Perfect Boyfriend," So why not do this one too? :) Sorry it's turned into fillers again, but hey, I think we've tortured Kendall enough for at least one update don't you think? :P

Chapter 15:

Katie woke up twenty minutes later, whining when she realized Kendall wasn't next to her. "Kendall?" She called. The balcony door was open, so she walked out, seeing everyone downstairs in the pool. She smiled, running a brush through her hair before coming down to join the others.

"Katie!" Kendall shouted when he saw her. "Have a nice nap?"

"Mm, yeah," She answered.

"Go get changed and get in!" Alexa called before Carlos whacked her with a pool noodle.

"Nah, I'm fine," Katie mumbled, not wanting to admit she couldn't swim. Kendall noticed her and swam over to his girlfriend.

"I won't let anything happen to you if you get in," He whispered.

"I know, but it's really deep," She whispered back.

Kendall shrugged. "Okay, just be careful of Logan," He said, swimming back to the others. Katie sighed, wishing she could join in. She got up to get some watermelon for everyone and came back out.

"FOOD!" The boys shouted. Everyone hurried out of the pool and grabbed some before they jumped back in. Katie giggled, walking back over to her spot, but being the level nine klutz she was, she slipped on the wet ground, falling into the pool.

"KATIE!" Kendall shouted, diving under to get her and bringing her back up, holding her close. "Shh, you're okay."

Katie shook in his arms. "S-s-sorry," She whimpered.

"Shh, it's okay, it was an accident, I hear they happen," Kendall murmured, chuckling at the last part. At this point everyone was surrounding them, murmuring different things.

"It's alright K, no big deal," James cooed.

"Yeah, you're safe, we'd never let anything happen to you," Alexa added.

"Nothing'll ever get you," Logan said.

"Next time we'll just try not to make the ground so wet," Carlos added. Katie nodded, letting Kendall help her out and dry her off. He sat down next to her.

"You okay?" Kendall asked, handing her some watermelon and placing another towel around her shoulders.

"I guess," She said, nibbling on the food. "What time is it?"

"It's... four o'clock," Kendall said. "Hey Alexa!"

"Yeah?" She called.

"Who's cooking tonight?"

"Free for all, Logan put down that he wanted a cook out," Alexa answered. "What time is it?"

"Four," Carlos said, looking at his watch. Alexa nodded, climbing out, smiling at Katie. "Help me with dinner?" She asked.

"Okay," Katie said with a small smile, following Alexa inside the house.

*034*2013-06-18 22:02

{{: 

Aaaaaw poor Katie D:

Suhh cute though!

}}

Aw, thanks! :) And in between here i'm gonna work on my other story, "The perfect boyfriend." You might like that too. :P It's my baby.

*036*2013-06-19 22:29

{{: 

Wow, that's a lot of writing !

Do you actually prep all of this long before, and then just post it in batches ?

Good stuff, keep it coming !

:)

}}

Yeah, that's usually what I do. :) When I have to take a break from posting for whatever reason I keep working on it and then I have a few updates worth. :)

Thanks!

*037*2013-06-27 02:45

I AM STILL WORKING ON THIS STORY!!!! I refuse to let it die like I did last time because this time it has so much potential! :) I'm working on the next chapter as we speak, so hang in there. if not this week, I'll have an update next week. My weekend is kinda booked. ;) NEW CHAPTER SOON I PROMISE!!!

*038*2013-07-04 02:50

I FINALLY HAVE AN UPDATE PRAISE THE GOOD LORD! xD it's not my best, but hey, we need fillers! :P Just read.

Chapter 16:

(Alright I'm doing some major time skipping. We had dinner and watched a couple of movies and then went to bed, me in nothing more than a pair of underwear. I'm such a little tease. :P Kendall wet the bed again that night and we took care of it and now I'm wearing clothes. it's now the next morning and we're still in bed, snuggling...)

"You know we need to talk about it," Katie murmured.

"I hate it K, I hate that feeling of not being able to control something so basic," Kendall sighed. "I'm twenty one. How many sober twenty-one-year-olds still wet the bed?"

"A lot," Katie reasoned. "And eighty percent of them don't do it on purpose. It's not your fault baby. You can only hold so much for so long. and it's not your fault you're a deep sleeper."

"I guess," Kendall said.

"During finals I knew a kid who got so stressed he started wetting the bed again," Katie whispered. "It was so bad he had to wear diapers until the tests were over."

"Really?" Kendall asked.

Katie nodded. "And I'm not gonna leave because of it, I promise."

"I love you," Kendall said, kissing the little girl's hair. Katie smiled, sucking her thumb in contentment. "I thought you only did that in your sleep when you were stressed."

"Well it kinda turned in to an every night thing," Katie said with a blush, not mentioning what really happened when she was stressed.

"You're adorable," Kendall chuckled. Katie smiled and kissed him. They began to make out, but suddenly Katie's stomach growled.

"Damnit," Katie grumbled. "Do I HAVE to eat?"

"Yep, come on you," Kendall said, picking her up.

"I don't wanna Kendall I wanna have sex," Katie whined.

"But we need energy to do that and the only way to get energy is to eat," Kendall reasoned. "And I'm not gonna let you skip a meal. I promised your mom I would take care of you, and part of that means making sure you eat. Hormones are just gonna have to wait."

"Says the boy with the boner," Katie whispered in his ear. Kendall laughed as they walked downstairs, finding everyone eating whipped cream with waffles.

"Morning Kendie!" Alexa giggled. Katie blushed and climbed out of Kendall's arm. "Want some waffles?"

"Yes, WE do," Kendall said, grabbing two plates, fixing them both before setting one in front of Katie. "Eat."

"I don't wanna," Katie mumbled, fiddling with one of the blueberries on her plate.

"Yes, you do," Kendall said. "Do it and we can have some fun." Katie sighed, pouring a mountain of whipped cream on top of her waffle before sprinkling the blueberries on it and digging in. Kendall took a deep breath, happy Katie had actually listened to him this time; they normally ended up getting in a huge fight before she broke down and Kendall had to feed her.

"So what are we doing today?" Logan asked.

"Beach!" Carlos declared. "We leave after breakfast."

*040*2013-07-07 01:57

Hmm.... Just read the story today, nothing worth posting up here this time!

Chapter 17:

"Beach! And we leave after breakfast," Carlos declared. Katie had stopped eating when she heard the word beach.

"Eat," Kendall said, getting worried. Katie hadn't been this self-conscious in a long time. Katie nodded, taking a few more bites.

"All of it," Kendall begged.

"What if it makes me fat?" Katie whispered, almost in tears.

"Well then you'll be fat," Kendall said. "But does that mean I'll leave?"

"No," Katie whimpered.

"You alright K?" Carlos asked.

"Fine," Katie sniffled, wiping the tears out of her eyes. "Just worried."

"Don't worry, you'll look great. But we're not gonna leave until you finish those waffles," Carlos said, sharing a worried look with Kendall before running off.

"See? Even Carlos wants you to eat," Kendall said. "Do you want me to help?" Katie nodded against Kendall, opening her mouth.

MEANWHILE UPSTAIRS WITH CARLOS AND ALEXA:

"Hey, do you mind wearing that tank-top swimsuit you brought?" Carlos asked.

"Why? I've been waiting to wear my new bikini," Alexa pouted.

"Just trust me, you'll be endearing yourself to Katie," Carlos said. "And besides, that sexy body is MINE to look at."

"Alright mister horny," Alexa said. "But only cuz you asked."

BACK DOWNSTAIRS.

"See, no big deal," Kendall said as he set the fork down.

"Yeah it is cuz everyone saw," Katie mumbled.

"But did anyone say anything?" Kendall countered.

"Carlos did. And I don't wanna come to the beach. I'll look like a freak."

"No you won't you're gonna be with me, and Kendie beats everything," Kendall beamed. "Besides, everyone on my TL says we're kind of beating Carlexa in cuteness."

Katie blushed. "Alright I'll come," She answered. "But only to top Carlexa!"

"I love you," Kendall chuckled with a kiss. "Now come on my little lady bug. swimsuit time!"

*042*2013-07-07 04:44

{{: 

Nawwwww "my little ladybug" hahaha that's so cute!! ^^

}}

KAYLEIGH YOU ARE A GENIUS THANK YOU *Big hugs!*

*044*2013-07-09 21:04

Kayleigh is a genius; I hadn't thought of a little pet name for Katie yet. BUT LADY BUG IS IT NOW THANKS KAYLEIGH!!! :D And now for another chapter! Weeeeeee xD

Chapter 18:

Everyone was waiting by the front door for Katie and Kendall.

"What's taking them so long?" Logan huffed.

"Just be patient, they're coming," Carlos said for the twentieth time.

"Maybe I should go check on them?" Alexa offered.

"No, trust me, Kendall's got this," Carlos said, looking up the stairs.

UPSTAIRS:

"Katie I promise you, no one is gonna laugh," Kendall cooed to his girlfriend, holding her in his lap as she sobbed.

"Yes they will do you know how many people tagged me in tweets last time saying I was a prude for the swimsuit I wore?" Katie cried in to his chest. "Everyone said I was ashamed of my body and that's why I didn't wear a bikini."

"I really need to get on your twitter more," Kendall sighed. "NO ONE is gonna make fun of you today, tomorrow, or any other day. I'm not gonna let anyone hurt you again. Not even yourself baby. I'm not asking you to do anything more than come down to the beach and have some fun. Maybe build a sandcastle. I'm not asking you to strip down and show the world your ass."

Katie laughed. "Alright," She giggled. She pulled on some flip-flops and followed Kendall downstairs.

"Finally!" Logan sighed.

"Sorry," Katie said with a blush. "Just couldn't find my shoes."

"Well you've got em now so let's gooo!!" James said, hurrying everyone out the door. Carlos and Kendall walked at the back of the pack.

"She's not doing so hot is she?" Carlos asked.

"I dunno what happened," Kendall said. "She's been doing so well. I don't like seeing her insecure. It hurts."

"Yeah, I know," Carlos said. "Alexa wants to know what's wrong. She really wants Katie to like her."

"Hmm, I think we need to shove them out the door for some girl time," Kendall said.

"Where to?" Carlos asked.

"Hmm, nail salon? Girls love stuff like that," Kendall suggested as the walked on to the sand.

"Yeah, that'd be good!" Carlos said.

UP AHEAD WITH ALEXA AND KATIE:

"Hey!" Alexa giggled. "What's up?"

"Nothing," Katie answered shyly.

"Oh. Um, what was really going on upstairs?" Alexa asked. "I could have sworn your shoes were right next to the door."

"Um, right, well, Kendall was having trouble finding his," Katie said. "He really wanted the pair he has on."

"Okay," Alexa said softly. "Do you wanna come sun-bathe with me?" Katie shook her head.

"Kendall and I were gonna build a sandcastle," Katie said with a smile.

"Alright," Alexa giggled, skipping back to Carlos.

"And what are we going to do, hmm?" Kendall asked, wrapping his arms around Katie.

"Sand castle," she said happily.

"Yay! I'm a master sand architect," Kendall told her. "EVERYONE wants me to design their sand castles."

"Well then shut up and put your money where your mouth is," Katie giggled.

"CUZ THAT'S WHAT WE GET FOR WAKING UP IN VEGAS!" Kendall shouted, standing up and dancing. Katie sighed and shook her head.

"Yep, I fell in love with a dork," She giggled.

"Aw, come on lady bug," Kendall said, sitting down. "You know you love this dork."

"Yes and this dork better not be hugging Katy Perry," Katie ordered, playing with some sand in her fingers. "And she moves in on you I think I'm gonna have to take that whipped cream bra and-"

"OKAY no contact with Katy PERRY," Kendall said. "What about my Katie?"

"Oh you can do anything you want to her," Katie said, laying her head on his chest. "Because you've already done everything for me."

"Mmm, I still remember that hug you gave me," Kendall said. "Best hug I got all tour."

"Really?" Katie asked.

"Yup," Kendall said, kissing her hair. "Now come on Lady Bug let's make a sand castle!"

*046*2013-07-10 01:03

{{: 

D'awww those two are so goddamned cute together ^^

}}

It's only gonna get cuter. :P And deeper. and funnier. xD Just wait and find out. :)

*047*2013-07-13 19:32

This thing is hot now? :) Thanks guys! :D And now for another awesome chapter! :D

Chapter 19:

"Come on Lady bug let's build!" Kendall said, shoveling some sand into a pail. Katie smiled, she had always loved that nickname. She started to dig a moat. Before they knew it they were done, Katie snapping a few cute pictures while Kendall and Carlos vined it.

"Yo love birds, wanna come get in the ocean with us?" Logan asked.

"I'm good," Katie said.

"Well-"

"YOU'RE GOING," Katie said. "Now shoo."

Kendall sighed. "Guard the castle, okay?" Katie nodded happily, watching Kendall take his shirt off and run down to the water.

"Mmm, kinda hard to believe it's all yours isn't it?" Alexa asked from behind Katie, making her jump.

"Yeah, sometimes it is," Katie sighed happily, coming back to Alexa. "Every day I wonder why he picked me. He could have chosen any girl in that crowd that night."

"He wouldn't stop talking about you that day," Alexa giggled. "Once he read your letter and looked at your twitter he knew the girl. The one in the pink bandanas was the one for him. He said she was brave, and she was beautiful. She deserved to know love, and he wanted to be the one to teach it to you."

"H-he did?" Katie asked, a little surprised.

"Yup, and once he brought you back and got to know you, he wouldn't stop talking about you either," Alexa said. "That's kinda how you got that Logan tweet."

"Oh my God all my friends freaked out when that happened," Katie said.

"It was love at first sight for him," Alexa said happily. "What about you?"

"Long before I ever saw his face Alexa," Katie said. "He... he saved my life."

"I know, I read the letter," Alexa said. "That was a really brave and sweet thing you did."

"Boo!" Kendall said, picking Katie up, making her scream. "You wanna come get in the water?"

"I can't swim," Katie said. "You know that."

"Well what if you ride on my back?" Kendall suggested. "I won't let you sink Lady Bug, promise."

"O-okay," Katie said with a small smile, climbing on to Kendall's back. Kendall carried her down to the ocean, slowly going deeper in, the small girl burying her face in his neck.

"Don't let me slip," She whispered.

"Never," Kendall murmured, stopping suddenly. "We're here."

Katie slowly opened her eyes, looking around. "Wow."

"Pretty amazing isn't it?" Kendall chuckled. "Wanna come get in my arms?"

"Yes please," Katie said happily, letting Kendall help her down and around his body. "Thanks."

"Anything for you Katie," Kendall said with a smile. The girl looked up into his eyes, and they kissed with passion for a minute.

"Mmm," Katie moaned. When she pulled back she heard Kendall sigh.

"We need to head back to shore," he groaned.

"Well I need you to get me there," Katie giggled, noticing Kendall's face twist. "What's wrong?"

"I-I-I um, uhh.." Kendall blushed. "I gotta pee again."

*049*2013-07-15 00:57

Who wants to see what happens to Kendall's bladder? I know I do! xD

Chapter 20:

"I-I um, uhh... I gotta pee again," Kendall said, blushing.

"Oh, well just go then," Katie said softly with a smile.

"What? That's gross!" Kendall said.

"Well would you rather get back to shore and have an accident?" Katie countered. "Besides, fish do it."

"Y-y-you sure?" Kendall asked.

"Positive," Katie said. "Just don't drop me, ok?"

"Never Lady Bug," Kendall said, holding her close and kissing her. Katie smiled and kissed back, gasping when she felt the water around Kendall getting warm. His cheeks grew red.

"Shh, just focus on me," Katie whispered, kissing him again. Kendall smiled in to it as he finished. "Hmm, ready to head back?"

"Yeah," Kendall said with a small blush and a smile. "This won't affect my swimsuit will it?"

"Nope!" Katie said happily, climbing back on to her boyfriend's back. "Mush!"

"Oh you," Kendall giggled, swimming back.

Once they reached the shore Logan was waiting with towels and their shoes. "Hurry up, media found someone else," He said. "James, Carlos and Alexa are already back home."

"Okay," Kendall said, quickly drying off and putting shoes on, Katie following suit.

"C-carry me?" She asked hesitantly. Kendall nodded, scooping her up so that she couldn't be seen and running with Logan back to the house.

"Oh hey guys!" Alexa called from the pool since they had gone in through the backyard. "Come get in!"

"Sure!" Kendall said, jumping right in. Katie took her seat on the side.

"What's wrong K?" Logan asked. "Aren't you gonna get in?"

"I-I can't swim," Katie whispered with a blush.

"Oh, well get on my back then," Logan said simply. "I won't let you fall." Katie hesitantly grabbed on to Logan, enjoying the water.

"Thanks Logan," She whispered in his ear. Logan smiled.

"Hey!" Kendall said, swimming over with a pout. "What about me, huh Lady Bug?"

"Oh hush silly boy you know I love you," Katie said with a quick kiss. "I just wanted to get in but couldn't do it by myself."

"Yeah, besides, she likes my sexy back more," Logan taunted. Katie smacked his head. "Hey, I can buck you easily girl!" Katie saw the fight coming and tried to slide off of Logan's back and swim away but she wasn't very successful; all she ended up doing was sliding underwater and she couldn't get herself back up.

James finally pulled her back above water and she was shaking, coughing, and crying all at once. "Shh, it's alright K," He whispered to her. "I've got you, you're safe."

"K-Kendall!" Katie sobbed.

"Shh," Kendall whispered, holding her close. "Shh, I've got you Lady Bug. You're safe Katie. I promise you, nothing is gonna happen to you with me around."

"S-scary," Katie managed to get out of her mouth.

"I know," Kendall said, feeling a little guilty. James sent a floaty chair thing towards the two. "Shh, come on, let's get out."

"D-don't let go," Katie whispered.

"How about we ride up to the shallow end?" Kendall said, showing her the floatie. Katie nodded, hesitantly letting go of Kendall and getting on. Kendall smiled, getting on too and holding her close, paddling them back to the shallow end.

