Lucas' Desperation

Author: foodfoodfoodlol

*000*2013-01-08 14:40

10 year old Lucas stood nervously backstage for a dancing competition. It was his first time doing a solo and he was really scared and he didn't want to show it. Not only that, but he really had to pee - and his nerves wouldn't let him forget his growing need. He sighed and fidgeted a bit, looking longingly at the bathrooms but not leaving his spot for it was almost his turn to go onstage. He looked around and made sure no one saw him before giving himself a quick but firm squeeze. He bounced a bit on his toes biting his lower lip, paranoia washing over him.

Little did he know, his dance instructor had been observing him since the start, frowning at the young boy's obvious problem. Victor (the dance instructor) wanted to ask Lucas to go, but it wasn't allowed. He hoped the boy wouldn't embarrass himself or mess up his dance.

When it was Lucas' turn to go onstage, he was desperate. He took a deep breath and squirmed heavily before regaining composure and running onstage. "Keep it together." He mumbled to himself, dancing his heart out. In the middle of the dance, he was overcome with a big wave of pressure rolling through his lower stomach and he was forced to stop dancing and clench his muscles for the shortest time. He could feel tears welling up in his eyes when his dance ended, and the moment he walked offstage, he shoved his hands in between his legs to try and ward off the incoming flood. He ran to the bathroom as soon as he had control.

It was locked. Lucas' eyes grew as big as saucers as he held himself with one hand and tried to open the door with another. He whimpered softly as the last of his strength was used to try and open the bathroom door, but to no avail. It was shut tight. A maintenance worker passed by and Lucas shyly went up to her.

"E-excuse me, ma'am?" He mumbled.

"Yes, son?"

"I really really need to use the toilet but it's locked." Lucas said, blushing.

"Oh, I'm sorry honey, the main water line blew. The bathrooms are closed until they're fixed." She said apologetically before walking away.

Lucas stood in place, mouth open. How was he going to relieve himself now?! He had to go to the awarding ceremony too, he wouldn't be able to hold it for long. He whined as the first of his tears began to make tracks down his pink cheeks.

That was enough for Victor. He walked over to Lucas and tapped his shoulder. "Let's find you a bathroom." He said.

"I c-can't move," Lucas whimpered as he lost a spurt.

Victor lifted him up bridal style and ran outside, hoping to see a bathroom. He couldn't find one but he felt the young boy slowly slipping away from control. "Hold on, Lucas."

"I'm trying!" He exclaimed, a wet patch already visible on his shorts. "I really have to go!"

"I know, I know."

15 minutes later with no bathroom in sight, Lucas squirmed out of Victor's arms and fell to the ground, his bladder releasing. The young boy looked at himself in horror before bursting in to tears, pulling his shirt up to cover his face.

Victor sighed softly and hugged him. "It's okay, it's okay." He whispered, rocking him slowly.

"N-no it's not!!! I-I'm s-so sor-ry!" Lucas sobbed, hysterical. "I d-didn't mean to!"

"Shh, it's not your fault. I'll lead you to your mom and I'll represent you for the awarding ceremony, okay?" Victor replied. Lucas nodded. "Okay."

•

At the end of the day, Lucas was wrapped up in a blanket with his thumb in his mouth, hugging his 2nd place trophy as he slept. His mom and Victor took good care of consoling him and it all worked out it the end.

{criticism is very much appreciated! (: }

*003*2013-01-16 11:51

{{

This has got pretty good potential, although it could use a lot more detail. What did he do for the 15 minutes he was holding it? If he was that desperate and had a ten-year-old's bladder, would he have actually been able to hold it for a whole 15 minutes more? And where was his dad before? Where did he wet himself (Place, not clothing)? A lot of questions, but the actual story was pretty good, as was the dialog. This could end up to be one of the best stories on here if you add more detail. https://omorashi.org/public/style_emoticons/#EMO_DIR#/wink.png

}}

Thank you very much!!! Yeah I thought so too...I kinda rushed it hahaha :) This is only my second time writing a desp fiction. Thank you!

