Just a Drill

Author: bes31

*000*2013-10-10 06:56

My name is Bes, and this is the first time on this site. I have made desperation stories for a while so I decided to try my hand into this type.

This is Just a Drill:

Chapter 1: Lockdown

"You must never pee." Mary looks at me with cold eyes. I have been sitting in a chair, laughing with friends for a while. My eyes were accustomed to the dark room. And it seemed everyone was desperate but me.

"I have to pee." I blew Mary off, Mary was Mary Glass, she was a tall slinky girl that I ha d been friends with for ages. She had long brown hair that flowed freely from her head. She was currently bouncing around, negating attention. She was never the girl that begged for it, especially at a time like now.

I looked at the clock, it was 3:30, we were approaching hour three of lockdown. I was going through a normal day, in history when the teacher got an e-mail, and the lights went out. We were told that no one would leave the room, no ifs, ands or buts. Most girls complied though it was just before lunch, the one time of the day that most girls could piss. 4 minute passing periods were asses. Like most girls, I last pissed a few minutes before driving, at 8:00.

I was surprised at how undesperate I was. It may have been my surroundings, but most of the time I didn't even feel my bladder intruding on me. My name was Andrea Weston, I was around five foot six, good looking with short brown hair. I had grown to know that my bladder was fairly large for my size, I could handle fair amounts. But normally around 8 hours, my body forced from the urine. Most times I reach the 8 hour point, but most of those times I am not in a room with other students.

There is a few people yelling on the other side. I look around, a boy had just pissed himself. Popular one at that. That brought up the total to four, 3 girls, one guy. And I was the only one that didn't look completely desperate.

"Poor bastard." Alice spoke. Alice was next to me, in a short mini-skirt and blouse. She had been adjusting her legs to meet her demands. I pitied her. Alice Hertzler, she was a bigger, but more athletic girl that was fairly masculine for her body.

"The one day I decided to wear a skirt." Alice joked. I laughed with her, I was in a billowing flower dress with a jacket over it. None of us were prepared to stay in this room for four hours.

I felt my bladder try to expel itself. It wouldn't be long before I am like all these other people. I shifted my weight and continued talking. At the beginning they stated that this was going to be a drill, but normally drills lasted 20 minutes. Something must have happened.

"Aww, Jesus Christ." I look over again, another girl, this one wasn't popular though, the count was now 4-1. If we stay in this room for another hour, I doubt any of us would survive without our bladders exploding.

"I'm going to be next." Another girl screamed in front of me. I shivered a bit and looked at her. It was Katie, or Katie Pinegar. Katie was another one of my friends, she was dancing around, holding it in somehow. I laughed at her desperate, knowing all to well that I was the next one to do it.

"Shut up Andrea." Mary spoke. I looked at her. "How are you not dying?" She asked me again.

"How many times do I have to tell you, I'm about to piss myself." I lied. She looked at me doubtfully. My bladder spurted out a bit, I squeezed myself to maintain my balance. Mary was in a pair of jeans and a white blouse.

More screaming, 4-2. I maintained my focus. I looked back at the clock, it was 3:45. 7 hours and fourty five minutes. My record was eight and a half, done on one crazy road trip. I felt like I was going to break that today.

5-2

6-2

6-3

6-4.

I looked in the room. The room was even darker, school would be over know. The clock read 4:30. Jesus Christ, I whispered to myself. My bladder was like a air balloon, about to pop. I looked at my friends, all were still holding it. I was at my record now. My body burned for relief. I pushed down on my dress, stretching out the feathers. My friends didn't give a care in the world. 7-4. I looked around again, how were we the ones still holding it.

The room began to have a stench, like a cesspool. The teacher was dying for a piss. We weren't getting out of this, I realized. No one would come out of here without a wet bottom. I spurted another time.

I looked around to see why I was being taken out of my daze. I looked over to Alice, she was poking me, trying to get my attention.

"Andrea...Andrea..." Her other hand was wedged in her crotch.

"What!" I whispered.

"Look." Alice gave me a phone with the teachers e-mail. I knew that somehow Alice was able to retrieve the e-mails from faculty through one dumb English teacher. "The guy left." She spoke.

"Really." Mary spoke, "so we can go." Alice nodded. I watched as the obviously desperate teacher ran to another depserate teacher to discuss the letting go of students. Suddenly the room was empty. I looked at Alice and Mary, we nodded and we stood up. And we ran to the door.

"The robber is gone." Alice said. "Fuck it." We opened the door and ran out. The sun was certainly lowered as the afternoon heat was on us. When the door closed we all dropped and held ourselves. Our body were so desperate. I wanted to drop my white panties, piss on the ground and carry on but I didn't want to be rude. So I grabbed myself and made our way to the bathroom.

"Oh thank God. Oh thank God." We ran as fast as we could to the nearest toilet. I wanted nothing more than to open the floodgates. My body burning. I danced around in my flower dress, exposing my damp panties at time. Alice waddled in her mini, and Mary diligently held herself through her jeans.

We got to the toilets. Opened the heavy door together and entered the large female restroom. We walked happily.

Suddenly, Mary stopped. We looked ahead and saw a man in the girls dressing room. He had sort brown hair, a small beard and wearing all black. On his sides were two pistols and a knife.

We stopped in our tracks.

"You think that if you were a robber being tracked by half the police in this area, they would think they would ditch social norms for their own survival, no guy would go into the girls dressing room." I wanted to run but was scared he would shoot, we stood still.

"My name is Randall by the way, and you three are screwed." He pulled out his gun, and I knew that my bladder was going to explode this day.

*003*2013-10-11 05:57

Chapter 2: The Heist:

(More exposition, sorry)

Five Minutes Earlier:

"This is really a bad time." I spoke deeply, and I got no response. I washed my hands once more, a little blood remained.

"I'm sorry Randall." The voice finally echoed back. I took a paper towel and washed off the knife. There was a lot of blood on that knife, so much that it stained the dark blue jeans I was wearing. I reevaluated my situations, a thirty year old man standing in an empty girls restroom in the campus I went to years ago. I had always wanted to go into these one day, see the girls bursting, waiting in line.

I let my mind wander as I wait patiently. I remembered girls wetting themselves, how I found it funny and incredibly, dreaming up scenarios where I would get the girls to burst. Now I was in that magical room, and it was the exact same as the boys. Ah... High School.

My name was Randall Peters, and I had just completed the largest heist in this cities history. I had short brown hair that was combed over, wearing dark jeans, a leather jacket and gray shirt. The lady in the stall is my girlfriend, Tricia Peters, who also had just completed the largest heist in this cities history. Well, she did...

It suddenly reoccurred why I was wiping blood off my hand, in front of me stood a broken mirror. For good measure I punched it one more time.

"Fuck!" I yelled. More blood spouted out.

I heard the flush from the toilets and prepared to unleash fury. The problem is that my stupid girlfriend cost half of the score.

Let's go back to the heist itself.

Tricia and I prepared ourselves in black clothes, ski masks and dual pistols for both of us. We were robbing the Bank of St. Paul, the largest bank in the area. It was simple, we got in, pointed our guns. Got the money as soon as possible and planned a year in Belize. We projected 8 millions dollars that were going to be in the bank. We shot the alarms, had to kill one asshole and we got to the money. We placed the money into large plastic garbage bags and went on our marry way.

That was, until in Tricia's massive hurry. She forgot the bag. We got a mile away from the bank when we realized.

"Where's my..." Tricia spoke after silence. I looked over to her.

"What?"

"My bag." I stared at her, and then realized that she was carrying no bag with FOUR MILLION DOLLARS IN IT.

"Oh my fucking God!" I yelled. She followed suit, we began to freak out. Soon I was pacing back and forth, and she was bawling her eyes out.

"I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry." She spoke to herself. I didn't say anything, I felt as if I could kill her. But I did not.

Now we were in the girls bathroom and she was wetting as I thought.

"We are going to get that four million back." I told Tricia as she exited the stall. "I'm going to find a way." Tricia eyes were red as hell, still wet, she must have been crying for thirty minutes or so.

"How?" She asked, I listened to the radio chatter of the police station when I heard a interesting phrase.

"We are going to be taking the school out of lockdown, over." I had an idea.

"Tricia, this might sound crazy. But I know how to get this money."

"How?"

"The first girls that come through this door will be taken hostage. We will take them to the cafeteria and we will situate themselves, not letting them leave until they give us money. Just imagine the begging by the parents.

"The girls are going to be bursting though."

"Good." I joked. I knew that she was aware of my fetish.

"So how much of this is for the money and how much for jacking off tonight."

"We will see." I told her as the door creaked open. Three girls came in, looking like ticking time bombs of urine, I almost ejaculated there. But I focused on the mirror as they stood still. There was a girl in a flower skirt, a girl in a mini skirt, and a girl in jeans. They were silent and still.

""You think that if you were a robber being tracked by half the police in this area, they would think they would ditch social norms for their own survival, no guy would go into the girls dressing room." I looked back at them, not an inch moved.

"My name is Randall by the way, and you three are screwed."

*005*2013-10-14 05:00

Chapter 3: Hostages:

I never had to pee so badly in my life, but the entire atlantic ocean could have been in my bladder and I would have budged. Mary, Alice and I were scrunched up looking up to this mystery man, or Randall, as he called himself.

It didn’t take long to realize that we didn’t have an escape plan. Randall had a gun pointed to us, a smaller handgun that still could easily kill us. Next to him was his lover, or so we thought. They were dressed in all black, Randall had a backpack.

“This is Tricia by the way.” He snarled. I felt a dribble of wetness from under of my skirt, but I held it. “I’m going to explain some things to you since you three are very special.” He continued. “We robbed the bank, no surprise, but we lost half of the money that we were meant to acquire. Now we are taking you guys hostage until the police have the balls to give us the money. We will be taking you three into the cafeteria, I would say that you guys might be spending the night here.”

Hostages, Jesus Christ. I felt my bladder spasm. I was more scared of wetting myself than being captured by this maniac.

“What are your names?” Randall asked.

“Andrea.”

“Mary"

“Alice.” We took our times speaking to Randall. He continued to hold his gun high, pointed at us.

“Remember, nothing personal. If the police are smart, you will be with your families by dinner, if they aren’t, consequences are unforeseen.” We were fucked, so fucking fucked it wasn’t even funny. I shifted my weight around, holding the urine inside of me. I looked around. I could just piss right here, ignore wet panties and spread my legs to it doesn’t hit my dress. I could run into a stall and piss so fast I would fall over. Or I could hold it, and not let my body force out it.

I chose the latter. The three of us followed Randall to the cafeteria. The halls were still empty with students. I wondered how many had already given up and pissed themselves. I wondered how many girls were worse than us. There had to be one girl that had drank 3 massive cups of coffee, and has been holding herself by sure will and determination. If he is on campus, I doubt any girls will hold it.

I wondered if I should just piss myself now, I am being held at gunpoint during lockdown. I doubted anyone would think less of me right now. I still had too much pride though, I shifted my weight again. Bending my legs and holding myself.

Spurt.

I moaned as I reached down. You could see the jet of urine’s stain on my flower dress, a small stain. I covered myself to avoid embarrassment. I adjusted my panties and kept going. I could plead to him, get on my knees and force him to allow us three to piss before this long process takes place. I just didn't want to piss in front of anyone. A vision kept going through my mind, me in front of Alice, Mary, Tricia and Randall dancing around before an incredible amount of piss exited me, leaving me in a flurry of embarrassment and sadness

"I'm not going to make it." I hear a voice behind me, it is Mary. I had forgotten about Mary, the queen of this desperation ball, She had been squirming for as long as I could remember. You could see faint drips on her crotch.

"You are going to make it." I assured her, I didn't know how much help I would be, but the last thing my aching bladder needed was someone relieving themselves in fron of me.

"I haven't pissed since 6:00 in the morning." She spoke to me, one hour later than me. I pitied her, she had both her hands jammed in her crotch. "I'd rather just piss myself than go through more of this torture."

"Please don't." Another voice rang through the group, it was Randall's. He was still holding a gun. "There will be no puddles on my watch."

"But we are about to piss ourselves!" I yelled. He remained quiet.

"Don't blame me, blame the stupid ass cops!" He yelled back.

I went quiet and looked around. I spotted Alice. Alice was rubbing her crotch through the small mini-skirt she was wearing. I walked closer to her and bumped into her. She almost screamed and then looked pissed at me.

"What?" She spoke, she continued to rub herself.

"Stop it. Stop masturbating." It's odd, but I knew that Alice was the one person enjoying all of this. I remembered a party, some random boys party that Alice and I were invited, lot's of alcohol of course. I remember us desperately waiting outside a stall trying to hold our urine.

"Yuh know wutts weird." She slurred, she had drank too much. I had maintained most of my composure and still felt sober. "I'm actually turned on by this." She spoke,

I looked at her with weird eyes.

"Why the fuck are you telling me this?" I asked her, my desperation had made me irritable.

"I dunno, I'm bored and need to pee." She then proceeded to wet herself. Forcing me to drive her home to save embarrassment, causing me to wait another 45 minutes before relieving myself. But that is what friends are for, right?

"I'm not masturbating." I looked at her. "Okay, a little, but what else is there to do."

"No masturbating either." Randall spoke, "Though I am a little flattered." He had a wit to him that made him somewhat enjoyable, almost making up for the fact that he was a fucking robber.

We approached the cafeteria. It was a large room, painted white, purple outline, school colors. I held the edges of my dress, crumpling them to try to ignore my bladder. No use. I was at the point of no return. I knew that right outside cafeteria was a bathroom. I immediately broke for it. I ran as fast as I can. I got to the door, began to open it...

"Stop." I looked back, Randall had his gun right at my face. I gulped and stood back. I looked at him. "You are being very difficult Andrea." He grabbed me by the bottom of my dress. I screamed but he pulled me back to the others, and away from my sanctuary.

"Here is how bathrooms are going to work. I understand you girls are desperate, but you know what really get's anxious mom's scared, seeing their girl desperate. So here is how we are going to roll. You three get a cup, every hour you get to piss into the cup and expunge it. Simple as that, that said. If you break any rules, try to run, you will lose your cup privilege for the next hour. Andrea, you have lost yours." I nearly cried, I couldn't even imagine holding it for any longer than now. "You piss yourself, we will see what happens."

I felt Tricia's hand over my shoulder as I get walked into the cafeteria, my body in incredible agony. My bladder dying, forced to hold for it's life. And the one shot of relief, taken away at a moments notice.

*006*2013-10-16 05:48

Chapter 4: A New Challenger Approaches,

Randall had grabbed a microphone connected to the speakers in every room. He turned it on. "Attention ladies and gentleman, I am currently inside school campus and have taken three beautiful young ladies hostage, if you want these girls to see the light of day. You better get the police to come right now." The buzz silenced.

Randall stared at Alice, Mary and I, three strong ladies fighting off gallons of urine, or so we thought. "Oh right the cups." He walked over the food serving area, he grabbed two small plastic cups and placed it in Alice and Mary's hands, holding mine. "Keep those around, you will love them. Just, uh, take a corner and piss in it. Only once." The girls cooperated. I watched as Alice and Mary took a spot. I jammed my hands into my crotch. I heard the water spill out, causing me to leak even more. My legs were crossed tight. I looked around trying to take my mind off my bladder. It was 6:01, 59 minutes until I could relieve myself like the others. Of course, relief is not the correct word, more like a small tidy of the pain only for it to relapse later. But I would take a drip over what was going on.

They put on their clothes and dumped the single cup of urine into the trash. A little disgusting, but I would take it over anything. What an idiot I was, trying to run. Shouldn't I had known that I couldn't have made it. If I wasn't stupid, I could have some relief.

"That did nothing!" Alice yelled. She was still holding herself, looking like she felt no relief. Her legs were crossed as she approached our area. Mary also returned, same thing. They began talking like we all felt relief.

"Oh man, that felt so good." Mary spoke.

"Shut up." I murmured.

"I know, shit I have been holding forever."

"SHUT UP!" I yelled. They got quiet.

"Sorry." Mary spoke quietly. My legs were viciously held, my lips being bitten to the point of blood. All I could think about was this morning, I entered the shower without my morning pee and pissed all over the tile floors, thinking it was just another routine. I didn't realize that it would be the last time I to piss for what seemed like eternity.

I felt a large hand on my back, looked back, it was Tricia.

"I'm sorry about my boyfriend, he can be a hassle." I stared at her without sympathy, if he was a hassle why were you the one not fighting for him. I felt like exploding at her, but if I did it wouldn't have been the only thing that would have exploded. "When was the last time you pissed?"

"Seven." I responded angrily. My body was pulsating on the thought of wetting.

"Hm... An hour over me." I stared at her confusedly. "I haven't peed since eight." She lifted up her black shirt to reveal the largest bladder bulge I have ever seen. "But I also had a big gulp during the day so that didn't help. That said, I have been hiding it since the robbery, faking using the bathroom to surprise Randall. You know he gets turned on by these types of things. I'm not planning on peeing until all this is over so I just want you to know that you are not the only one suffering."

"Police are here! I'll be back in five minutes. If any of you pee, Tricia will beat the shit out of you." She smiled at me as he left. Once he exited the building she handed me A small cup. She winked and pointed to a corner of the room.

"Thank you so much!" I spoke as I grabbed the cup and ran. When I reached the corner of the room. I raised my skirt, lowered my panties and I reached Oblivion. My piss jetted out of me so fast that I only felt that orgasmic sensation for a few seconds before I squeezed with all of my might to force myself to stop the orgasmic feeling and return to pure desperation. I moaned in relief as it finished. I threw the cup into the trash can and felt a strange feeling, relieved but desperate. The cups would tide me but it will still grow, the urge, and make it harder and harder. I sat down at the main table.

"Good news everyone, cops have refused my offer. Hostage situation coming up, we might be here for a while." I cringed but felt better as Randall spoke. It was already 6:30, only 30 minutes away from the next cup, and I felt relieved. Every time I looked up, I looked at Tricia, she was silently shifting her weight, bouncing up and down, dying. I wondered what was in her mind right now?

*009*2013-10-18 05:52

Chapter 5: Tricia.

I felt like I was about to fucking die. I had been hiding for ages so the first time I was able to be alone with the girls, I let out all of the agony inside of me. I bent down, held myself constantly, almost in tears. I was surprised my jeans weren't soaked to the brim. I danced around a bit and sat back down, my face was pink, embarrassed, my hands were held in my crotch.

"Good news everyone, cops have refused my offer. Hostage situation coming up, we might be here for a while." I sat back up, quietly adjusting my weight. Damn I had to piss so bad. But I couldn't let go, even a bit. If I was going to get out of this situation without going to prison. I was going to have hold it.

"So... uh... the girls?" I asked Randall. He got close to me.

"If we let them piss, then what about me?" He whispered to me, putting his lips up to my ear. He gave me a devilish smile. He pushed my bladder. I tried to stay still, I needed to hold. He begins to force his hand to clutch my bladder. "You really drank a lot." He continued to whisper. Oh God! I was going to piss myself, was dying, breathing heavily.

"Yeah, it's weird." I did the only sensible thing and grabbed his erect penis. I clutched it. "Stop pushing." He winced in pain and let go. "Thank you."

Randall backed up and looked at the girls, who were staring in their seats, watching the whole ordeal. "Sorry about that." Randall murmured. "Look Tricia, I have three girls here, I don't need another person dancing."

"I'm fine." I muttered, but I concealing my desperate self. Last time I pissed was in the morning, wetting before we began preparing for the robbery. I was on the toilet as Randall kissed me. I soon concealed myself in black and started to drink the big gulp which I finished by the beginning of the robbery. I never felt anything during the robbery, the adrenaline was too high. But soon after we got the money, I began to feel the urge.

"I'm probably going to have to piss soon." I told Randall, but he was still fuming over me losing the money.

"You can fucking go when we get to the school, alright." I followed his instructions. I wasn't bursting yet, but I felt it coming. The school was about a mile away and by the time I got their I was desperate.

"Where can I piss?" He was calmer now.

"There are some bathrooms in the halls. It is one of those schools that is half inside, half outside so the bathrooms are somewhere outside. I guess we will find hostages their."

​"The school will be on lockdown."

"Meh- they won't look in the bathrooms. They will cancel the drill and girls will run to the toilets and find us, we will take the first few and get the 2 million." The problem was that I didn't want to be captured. I only did the heist for Randall, I didn't care about the money. Then, I had an idea.

If I don't pee then when the lockdown happens, I could pretend to be one of the girls. I was only 2 years older than the other girls that could be captured. If those girls are bursting the cops will perceive me to be one of them. I still went to the toilets and faked to piss myself.

Now I was here. Desperate from head to toe, constantly pretending not to be. I wanted nothing more to use my hands to hold myself, but I as too alarmed of alerting Randall. He knew I needed to, but not desperate.

Ring-Ring. The phone in the middle of all of us rang. It was the school phone for the cafeteria. Randall grabbed it and held it to his ear."

"Yes. Yes, I am holding some ladies hostage.... Their names are Andrea Weston... Mary Glass... and um... Alice Hertzler... And let me tell you officer, their parents are not going to like it when they learn that you had the chance to save them. You could just give the money and they will not be here any longer than they have to be... Not happening good sir... Look, keep telling yourself that. Call me when you have the money." He slammed down the phone. "Tricia, watch over the kids. I have some other stuff to take care of." Randall walked out of the room.

Oh god. Oh God. OH GOD! The urine was coming out. I felt it as a drip at first, but the pressure was too much. I scrunched down, into a ball trying to prevent it from spreading. It was no use. I ran like the wind to the trash can. Unbuckled my jeans as the stain started to appear. I pulled down my already soaked boxers, and let it all go into the old trash can. It was heavenly. The urine rushed out like a jet stream. I maintained quiet, but my stream went on forever. I moaned as I finally fished, what felt like hours was probably only a minute or so, but I was finished. I felt relieved for the first time.

Then I realized that I couldn't get out. I was there in soaked panties and wet jeans, and Randall was going to come out and accuse me of holding it. I began to panic as I remembered something in the bag. I ran towards it and pulled out four diuretic pills. I never figured out what they actually did except make you die of needing to pee. But that one thing they did very well.

"Hey ladies. I'm going to be dick to save my ass. I need you three to take this little pill with me okay."

"No." Mary spoke, bouncing around more than ever. Hand in crotch.

"Do you want to see me killed." They shook their heads. "I thought so. Take these pills please." The girls accepted and swallowed the pills without water. As they did so I swallowed mine and began to cry, just imagining the girls as they realize that I had made them need to pee more than anyone else on earth.

Inside of Andrea, her bladder had basically already exploded.

*011*2013-10-19 05:11

Chapter 6: Diuretics.

It took maybe thirty seconds for the pills to feel themselves. I began to feel bloated, uncomfortable beyond my bladder, my stomach turned, I hadn't aten all day, I felt miserable.

"What the fuck was the pill?" Mary asked Tricia, who had her hands in her face, sniffling and sobbing. She was parked in the lunch bench with her jeans unzipped and a large piss stain.

"I'm sorry. I'm sorry." She murmured. Did she just poison us? I began to panic. Oh God, she poisoned us. Then I began to feel a more crunching pain.

"What was the fucking pill!" Mary yelled now. Tricia was motionless in her seat. I felt extremely bad for her unless she had just poisoned us.

"It's...It's...A diuretic." I had no clue what that was. I shifted my weight vigorously, I felt my bladder growing out of its semi-uncomfortable state. Shit, it was only 6:40. I didn't need myself to piss before 7:00.

"What's a diuretic?" I asked Alice. Who was generally more relaxed. Her legs were apart revealing her panties, making no notice of her aching bladder, except for the fact that she was rubbing it vigorously.

"It's a pill that makes you, uh, piss more." I looked back at Tricia. Shit, Shit, Shit. I was going to explode. My bladder was still increasing in magnitude. I shifted my weight under my dress. I looked up, it was beginning to be a night sky, luckily I brought a jacket and I wasn't cold. Then again, I had more things to worry about than temperature.

"Look. I need to pee to get out of this. But if Randall sees that only I took one, he would be suspicious. So I am torturing you guys for my own sake, I'm sorry." I grabbed the corners of the skirt and lifted it to reveal my panties. It was just girls here and I wanted to rub myself. It felt so good rubbing the outer portions of my panties. I wanted to go in and touch myself, but I had just a tad bit of pride. I put my skirt down.

"If you are going to piss yourself, you should probably do it now." Tricia continued to talk. It felt like it was coming that way soon. I began to squirm in my seat. I had been sitting for a while now and was desperately needing relief.

I began to imagine the earlier scenario, dropping my panties and wetting standing up, letting the urine his the ground and not getting wet. I imagined the relief I would feel, the aching bladder healed by one movement.

Squirt.

I crossed my legs furiously. This was more than a squirt, this was a jet stream squirt. You could see a wet spot immediately on my dress. Oh god, this was a nightmare. I looked around me, Mary was shaking in her tight jeans, Alice must have been rubbing herself non-stop for the last 20 minutes. Even Tricia began to dance around. This was a nightmare, a nightmare that causes you to bed wet. I was fucked, so fucked.

"Hello ladies..." A voice came the end of the hall, it was Randall's. He walked down the white halls with a pistol in his hand. "There are bombs planted on two back entrances, so they will not go through there. By the way I..." He stared down Tricia, who's jeans were still wet. "What happened?"

"I pissed myself, that is what happened. But I took diuretics. We all took diuretics."

"You all took diuretics." He giggled a bit and then saw the empty package. "You wasted my last pills on small teenage girls that can barely carry their weight without the pills!" He began to look angry, but then calmed down. "I like your thinking." He then took his attention to us three, we silently watched the ordeal, bursting as always. "Maybe we will have to give these girls buckets after all."

Ring-ring....ring ring. The phone was off again, it was more of the officers.

"Yes officer... Yes, I know... Yes... Jesus Christ officer, all I want is a few million that is all... Ridiculous, no!... You are not... Okay." At that moment Randall took his gun and fired straight into the air. The bang basically busted my air drums. I screached but crossed my legs even more, not a drip came out. I looked at Alice she was fine. Then I looked at Mary.

"How about now officer... Yeah, you got some blood on your hands... I still got a few if you want....Bye." He slammed the phone down. "Oh come on Mary." I stared at Mary. She was on one knee, her jeans getting darker. She was clutching her crotch, but the urine kept coming out. She stood back up, in defeat. Soon enough she was completely wet and she began to freak out.

'Don't kill me! Don't kill me!" She pleaded to Randall.

"Why the Hell will I kill you. I don't need to kill you when I can kill imaginary people. Now Tricia, go clean this mess up. Their is an extra pair of shorts in the bag." Tricia grabbed Mary and took her to the toilets.

"Alice and Andrea." Randall spoke as he stood up. "Let me ask you a question, did you really take the diuretics or is Tricia trying to get me to use the toilets." We both nodded.

"She took one too." Alice implanted. She was still holding herself shrewdly, her body contorted and still rubbing her swollen bladder.

"I know. Look, I like you guys, you have real character and personality. Can I trust you not to run if I leave to take a piss." We nodded. "By the way there are motion sensors on the door, I implanted them earlier that allow me to detect when you guys leave through my phone. If you guys leave to urinate, or to run. I will be run out with a gun. You understand." We nodded once again. "Good, I've been holding forever."

"Fuck you." I mustered up a few words through gritted teeth, my bladder on the verge of explosion.

"I get that a lot." He laughed and exited the room. I hated that guy. I also hated my poor bladder.

"Fuck this. I'm wetting." Alice spoke to me. She got up and immediately fell to her knees, holding herself, exposing her underwear to me. I followed suit, but it flared up my dress. We walked over to a corner of the room where we stopped.

Alice pulled down her miniskirt. I watched as she pulled off her panties and looked at me.

"Do you want to go first?" Alice asked me.

"No thanks." I refused, I knew that she suffered as well. I took off my jacket and lifted up the flower dress. I kept my panties on as I impatiently waited for her to piss.

"FUCK YES" She screamed as the stream started. I began to dance around, my desperation was so urgent, I couldn't help it. I bent down, put all my strength into not allowing myself to piss with every force of my body.

"GO FASTER!" I yelled at her. She began to force out everything. I watched the clock as she hit the minute mark. "Jesus Christ Alice, piss." I heard her stream and a puddle began surfacing near my boots. I moved away, still holding myself down with all my force.

Then I broke free. A lapse of concentration, something turning my mind away, and immediately all the urine pent inside of me after 10 hours of holding and diuretics came free in my panties.

"Oh shit. I pulled my panties down as fast as possible, but by the time I got it off, it was soaked beyond repair. I put it down and began putting my urine in the puddle. Alice's jet began to succumb as I reached the climax. I moaned in relief, my body felt orgasmic. I'm pretty sure I did orgasm their. Every pent up pain exiting me after hours of forcing it down. I never could do this again.

The stream began to diminish. The whole corner of the room was filled in urine, my body felt relief for the first time. I ignored my soaked panties and decided to go commando. Alice and I began to put on our clothes back on.

Then Randall entered the room.

"Umm... Couldn't wait any more I suppose." We froze. "Doesn't matter, I'll giver you thirty minutes." I was confused but then I remembered the pill, and then I remembered the piss that was already started to push inside of me. I was not finished any time soon.

*012*2013-10-22 05:15

Chapter 7: Finale.

"I don't want to paint the picture that I am a bad man, I am not, I just need to do some things. Some day you will look back on this day and realize that none of this was personal, may be when you rob the bank or something like that." Randall was grabbing Alice and I by our wrists back to the main area. The room smelled like piss, and was flooded in it. Alice and I had finally relieved ourselves only seconds ago, only to be caught in the act. "I don't care what you did, but I did say you were going to be punished, this will happen to Mary to by the way."

"What the fuck is wrong with you!" I yelled.

"WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU!!!" Randall yelled back, before proceeding to laugh hysterically. "Well, when we are finished I will be seen as this evil guy and you get to right a book about this whole thing, get rich on telling the story of how you pissed yourself so many times it was like a toddler daycare for all I care, I just want money and if it means to make you guys look as miserable as possible then so be it."

"You are a pervert." Alice murmured as we reached the base of operations.

"Didn't think it would take that long to figure out." We reached the base. He sat us down. I remembered that my panties were in the trash can, I frantically closed up my legs to prevent Randall from seeing up my dress. I was starting to have to pee again, my bladder beginning to rise. Couldn't I just have relief, peace.

"You know what parents really don't like, handcuffs." Out of nowhere Randall pulls out six pairs of steel handcuff. I begin to shuffle my weight, I wasn't going to be able to use my hands to stop any leakage, I couldn't move my legs because Randall will see up my dress and I could leave the chair because I was locked in. All the while I was starting to need to piss again.

I wiggled a bit as he grabbed my arms and locked me in. The feeling of being trapped scared the Hell out of me. I was confined to a cheap plastic purple chair that was going to be the source of a lot of agony in just a few seconds. I crossed my legs for some relief, but it was scarce. He moved on to Alice, who needed to pee more than me. She was almost dancing around as the handcuffs were put on, quietly murmuring to yourself.

At that time Mary came out. Her skin tight jeans were replaced by a pair of fairly large booty shorts that barely fit her. She got pushed by Tricia, who still looked miserable. She was also begging for relief, she must have to pee very bad. She got placed down and cuffed in.

"Ladies, you have one strike. I'm going to be honest, more piss and I will be mad. I don't know what I will do next but it..."

Ring-ring.

"Oh come on." Randall picked up the phone. "You have my 2-million...What....What do you mean we know you didn't kill anyone...Really...Well, tell me about this." He motioned to Tricia, I was confused.

"Oh please, don't shoot me, please, no, no, no." Tricia acted as she supposedly begged. Then Randall shot the gun back up and Tricia became quiet.

"That uh... Sound fake to you... Yes 2-million." Randall slowly lifted his hands in the air, pounding it up. He slammed the phone down. "We are getting it!" He screamed at Tricia, they both celebrated.

"Can we leave, please."

"Oh no. You are staying until we get the money." My bladder spasmed a bit. It began to be full, I crossed my legs in another position. My bladder was sore from all the fullness, now it a feeling of rapid filling that got me scared.

"They aren't going to give you money that easily." Tricia spoke, she was sitting with crossed legs, seemingly much more comfortable than I. I was starting to feel a full bladder. I wish I could use my hands, to push down, feel some relief. But my hands were stuck to the purple chair.

Thirty minutes had passed. The last thirty minutes were mostly silence, a few snickers and moans here and there. It was reaching 7:45. The day had turned to night. I was starving, miserable, desperate and sore. The entire day had been horrible. Now I was stuck in a chair, my bladder bursting and my legs unable to move, because the last thing I wanted to do is to get Randall to know that I was commando. Alice and Mary were also in bad shape, so was Tricia. Tricia was lying down on the table, also desperate. Randall was the only one moving.

That was when I remembered the shot. Randall was looking through one of the windows in the front when I heard a bang in the window. The window broke and the shot ruptured by ear drum. I figured it was Randall once again. Until I saw him fall down with the shot.

"Randall!" Tricia yelled. Her body jumping up to Randall, who was already unconscious. The police had shot him. I began into a frantic haze. I began worrying what would happen next, I held in my urine as panic set in. There was screaming, and crying and the whole 9 yards. That was when a swat team divulged on the cafeteria.

"Hands in the air and no one gets hurt!" The SWAT leader spoke in a dark tone. Tricia put her hands up. As she did a torrent of urine flew from her. She fell to the ground, unleashing everything on her sodden jeans. The SWAT team stood back. She also began to cry, she pulled off a trick. She made herself look as innocent as possible, just another girl that was captured. "We got four hostages, Mr. Peters is dead, I repeat Mr. Peters is dead, no sign of an assailant over." We stayed silent as the SWAT team leader walked over to us, it hadn't even came to mind that it was over.

"Are you ladies hurt?" The SWAT leader spoke. I decided to talk back.

"No. Just get us out of here."

"Sure thing." The leader spoke. He grabbed some pairs of keys that were lying around near Tricia's bag. They were the keys to the handcuffs. He slowly walked towards us as if he didn't have a clue of our depseration and unlocked us.

He unlocked me first. As soon as the cuffs were free I stood up and began to walk. I would have ran if I had underwear, but a fast walk with my hands holding my dress so nothing would come out.

I had a front side parking spot where my car was. I grabbed my keys out of my pocket and walked as quickly as possible to my car, beyond the rows and rows of reporters looking for a story. Fuck them, I needed to pee.

"Andrea...Andrea." One reporter came right next to me. My full bladder pushing ahead. I bumped into her, we crashed. As I tried to maintain my balance I felt something break and I realized that it was coming. The whole tidal wave. That was when I ran.

I ran as fast as possible, my body pushing me so these reporters wouldn't see the urine rolling down my legs. I got to my car as it was starting to appear. I jumped in and grabbed the nearest object that could soak. A pink towel. I rolled up my skirt and relieved buckets, and I mean buckets in to the towel. I moaned in relief. It was over, the hostages, the handcuffs, the desperation, it was all over. Here was I, a survivor, wetting into a pink towel. I never felt better. I finished, my body feeling like it could fly.

Then I looked outside the window. It was the other kids. Rows and rows of the other kids that were in the classrooms at the time. They came in heaps. Almost all of them had one thing in common, whether jeans, skirts, shorts, they all had a dark spot near their crotch. I must have been the only girl in their that didn't. There were a few guys and girls that didn't, but they were so desperate, I was surprised how they survived. A few kids with patches were even desperate. Poor guys, I'd rather take being taken hostage and desperate than being locked in a small room desperate.

Then I realized that the diuretic wasn't finished yet, and I decided to do something I hadn't done all day. Use a toilet.

The end.

