Unusual Punishments - Page 2

Author: Nimbus

*027*2012-10-17 02:21

Enjoy.

Adrianna smiled softly as she curled up beneath her comforter. Despite the cover the air was cold as dawn broke over the horizon. She squirmed softly but remained asleep. She was half asleep by the time the first bit of warmth spread around her crotch. She smiled, glad for the extra heat. But it quickly faded. Another wave replaced it. She pushed for more and sure enough warmth seemed to pour from her crotch and spread. The warmth began to roll down her thigh and spread from beneath her side.

A stain grew apparent on her pink sheets as urine expanded from around her hips as her urethra forced out more pee. She was unaware the pee was the cause of the heat but was momentarily glad for it was streams of golden liquid cascaded down her thigh and seeped into her mattress adding yet another yellow stain to her mattress.

When she fully awoke a sleepy smile still graced her face for a second or so. It instantly faded when she noticed the cool dampness that saturated her body. Her eyes went wide as she tumbled out of her bed, tears already forming in her eyes. She stared at the urine soaked mattress, a sight that was too familiar for a teenage girl. Her lip quivered as she made her way to her mother’s bedroom.

Every time she had wet the bed it had fallen on a weekend, conveniently. But for the first time it had to fall on a Sunday when she was playing her a softball game. Not just any softball game, of course, it had to be the final game of the tournament. Her team was relying on her to lead them to victory. She briefly held onto the naïve hope her mother would spare her the embarrassment of her typical punishment.

As soon as she found her mother she knew her hopes were in vain. A pleasant smile instantly turned into a furious grimace. “Surprise, surprise.” She rolled her eyes. “My daughter wets the bed again. Well lucky for you I’m not going to lock you in your room. No, I’m going to make you hold yourself all through your big game today.”

Adrianna’s face fell instantly. She was utterly deflated by the news. “But mom… I…”

“No buts. Maybe, you will start to make it to the toilet instead of wasting water by washing your filthy sheets.” Her voice was harsh.

“I… understand.” Except she didn’t. Mothers are supposed to be supportive, they don’t purposely embarrass their children. At least not like this. Adrianna didn’t speak up though. No, she plotted instead.

Hours later Adrianna was dressed in her uniform, white tights, red stocking, black cleats, red vest and a red cap. Her legs were already quivering as she downed a bottle of water. “I’m ready mom.” Though her voice suggested otherwise.

“Perfect.” Her mom answered. She lead her daughter to the family van and “allowed” her to sit in the passenger seat as they took off to the park. Adrianna already crossed her legs as she lowered her head. It was going to be a looong three hours, assuming the game doesn’t end early, or go longer. Her eyes watched her feet shake to keep herself semi-comfortable.

Anna was reluctant to get out of the van as they parked on the curb. She finally grabbed her baseball bag. She hopped out and awkwardly made her way to the field. She took her place in the dugout as the game began. She whimpered as it progressed. Whenever she was up to bat she shook her legs, when she was in the field she paced in circles. Around the fourth inning her coach took notice. She waved Adrianna over to her.

“Sullivan, do you need to go to the bathroom.”

Anna cast a quick glance to her mother. “No.” She lied, regretting it before she formed the word.

“Then why are you bouncing around like that.”

Anna hadn’t realized she trembling actually. “I’m just amped for the game.” She lied weakly.

“Ok, then well even better I suppose. You are next to bat.” Anna nodded her head and dashed to get her bat. She took her place in the deck circle and practiced her swing. She curled her toes as she practiced and pressed her thighs tightly together. Finally she moved up to the batter’s circle and kept her eye on the ball while containing her bladder.

She took a deep breath and…

“Strike one!” two more strikes quickly followed and she made her way, head hung to the bench, taking her place on the end. She quickly took to fidgeting with her hands pressed down on her lap until the team took to the field. She was short stop so she had to keep herself together. She slipped her mitt over her left hand, replaced her helmet for a baseball cap and took her position. She tried to remain still and doubled over slightly, just slight enough it could look natural. Soon however she abandoned that position and paced in a small circle, causing her to miss two easy catches.

That was how the rest of the game went, Anna quickly growing unpopular among her team. Finally it was the final inning and the score was 9-8: Anna’s team was losing. Anna was on deck and her friend hit a ball to the far left, quickly ending her up at third base, leaving the result of the game to Anna. She just needed to get her friend home and not make a third out.

She readied herself as best as a desperately girl with damp panties could. She waited for the first pitch. This time she didn’t let the pitcher striker. She also didn’t let the other team win. There was a loud “Crack” as she sent the ball flying. It soared much farther then she usually hit, in fact… “Oh my Gosh!” Anna squealed as she hit her very first homerun.

She was about to do an unrequired victory lap around the bases but she couldn’t move. She had been holding herself for far too long. Now a trickle of urine was forcing itself out of her urethra and trickled down her thigh. A stain began to form around her crotch as she twisted her legs even tighter, but it was futile, her bladder was evacuating itself with or without her consent.

The damn broke and a full force stream splattered down her legs, soaking them with hot pee as rivulets began to soak the dirt around her feet. She finally uncrossed her legs and sagged her shoulders as she gave up. Urine soaked her tights and stockings, leaving dark wet patches as the hot pee cascaded between her legs. Streams of hot pee saturated her legs and the ground beneath her.

Her friend slowly strolled up to the base. “it’s ok… Anna.” The other team didn’t think so as they exploded into laughter. Anna raced to her mother’s car.

Later that night Anna was filling a glass with warm water. She checked the temperature, perfect. She crept across the house dressed in a pink cotton tee and hot pink pajama pants… that unfortunately smelled of urine after far too many accidents in them. Still she was undeterred. She made her way to her mother’s bedroom. She slowly opened the door, freezing whenever her mother would toss or turn. Finally the door was wide enough that she could enter the room. She slowly snuck across the hardwood floor towards her mother’s king sized bed. She stopped immediately at the creak of a floor board.

She slid her feet across the floor till she was within reach of her mom. She slowly reached forward, picking her mom’s hand by the sleeve of her silk shirt and dangling her hand above the glass. Her fingers were just about to submerge in the liquid when her mom spasmed. She knocked the glass out of Anna’s hand and the glass sprayed it’s contents onto her pants. The glass fell and rolled under her mom’s bed.

“Wha-what’s going on.” Her mom asked, rousing.

“I-I-I uh…” Anna stalled as her mother flicked on the lights.

“Oh you’ve got to be kidding me.” She rolled her eyes at the sight of Anna in wet pants.

“No.. I didn’t wet…”

“Then what, you ‘spilled’ water on your pants? I didn’t believe that lie the first time you told me.”

“I… ok.”

“Lucky you, on a school night too.” Her mother grinned evilly.

*029*2012-10-20 19:26

{{: 

Wish I was the audience of the game :D Great story^^

}}

I'm glad you enjoyed it :D

