An exciting afternoon...

Author: M3001

*000*2011-10-06 16:00

Julia get back to the office. It was not such an unnormal thing that something like this happened to her, so she had clothes for changing already at school. Last week she wet her bed two times and one accident happened when she was playing outside.

So when she get back to the nurse, the puddle was missing and she had already took out her changing clothes. Julia put down her completely soaked jeans and her wet pink panties and put on her fresh clothes.

After that she went back in the class, to take a few shamed last minutes of the lesson. At home her first target was to get her peed stuff into the washing maschine, without getting caught.

“Hey honey, how was the school?” her mother asked when she get threw the door.

“Was okey… Nothing special” Julia lied when she fastly pass the corridor of the house. Her mother should not realize that she was wearing a different pants. But she did.

“Come over here” she called her daughter.

“Where are your jeans from this morning, did you pee in your pants one more time?”

“It´s… No… Yes” Julia said quitly, starring ashamed on the ground. Her was getting clear that she couldn´t hide the true anyway.

“Oh Julia, little daughter. What was wrong, why didn´t you go to toilet?”

“I don´t know, it was during the lesson”

“It´s ok, just give me your dirty clothes that I could do them into the washing maschine.”

…

The rest of the day Julia did spent in front of the television, watching her favorite tv-shows. The next day went very normal at school, nobody teases her much because of her accident last day, instead of Sarah a bit. “Everything dry today?” was her only mean comment. Julia just ignored it.

On the afternoon, Julia went home fast, she don´t want to miss the continuation of her favorite tv-show´s. “That will be very exciting!” she thought to her mind. Quickly she run threw the corridor as she arrived at home, because it already started. Her mother recognized her arriving.

“Hey darling, how was your day at school?” she asked in her daily routine, when she get into the living room, where Julia already was watching television.

“Fine mum”

“Anything happened I have to know about?”

“No”

“Nothing special, like yesterday for example?”

“Mum, just let me watch tv!” she grumbled a little annoyed.

“Stupid mum, the show has already started” Julia thought. By coming down a bit, her feeling comes back she did dispress since the last half hour. She had to pee, she remembered and not much less. Then she felt that her panties are cold and already… yeah already wet a bit! Did she pees in her panties in excitement for the great afternoon she planned?

Julia was getting a little bit in panic, during she did realizing how bad she need to go now and that she already leak a bit! But she doesn´t want to miss a bit of the show, it was the final episode, so she will have to go during advertising. The show was going on, while Julia was sitting on her knees, enjoing watch tv. She was holding her crotch under her blue jeans-like mini-skirt and bouncing up and down. Threw her red leggings she was wearing today, she could feel her could wet panties she peed in already. Her crotch was visible wet a bit, of course, but that was hidden under her skirt. This time, mum may should not get caught her wet herself. It would be too embarrassing that she pees her pants one day after another she did it.

When the long expected advertising was coming, she instinctively ran to the toilet room. Locked! It was her bigger sister Sandra, who was taking a shower after her gymnastic courses. That was not was Julia did finally expected. She crossed her legs in front of the door, jiggle around a bit and knock on the door.

“Go away, I´m taking a shower” Sandra shouted threw the bathroom.

Julia was very desperate at this moment, but then she heard that advertising was over and the show continued. “Hmm I have to hold on until the next advertising started.” she thought. Back again in front of the television, Julia was taking place again on the ground. It was getting harder for her to hold on. By starting change positions, she was getting nervous a bit.

“I´m ready, you can go now!” her sister called.

Julia affrighted a bit. Two seconds she lost control until she regained it by pressing her legs tight together. Her panties get wet and warm in the front again and it was harder to hold back the rest of the hot liquid.

“It´s okey, it´s not so bad” she lied, by trying to look not so desperate she actually was.

“I could not pee my pants, not again” she thought, “but I don´t want to miss this show!”.

Her childish behavior was making the situation clearly more and more tricky. Julia was touching her butt to check if something leaked threw her skirt. Nothing wet she feels. A bit relieved she did continue watching. She now was changing her positions every half minute, bouncing on the carpet and jiggling her butt threw the air. When her mum did pass the living room, Julia recognized it and tried to sit still.

“Have you done your homework darling?”

“No, I´ll do it after my show mum.” Julia answered annoyed again. But she couldn´t sit still at all, she sat on her knees and jiggled around a bit. Her mother knows her well when she needs to go.

“Do you… need to pee or something?” her mother asked her in a very strict voice.

Julia was getting bright red. “No I do not!”, she said when she tried to sit still again.

“Okey. Hopefully!” her mother said when she leaved.

One second after she left the room, Julia spurted in her panties, this time a lot more. She could regain control after seconds, but now she feels how the hot pee going down her buttcheeks, flooding her leggings and her skirt. “Nooo No Nooo” she thought, after checking the damage by touching her butt again. She did have a really big wet spot on her ass now, but did not pee on the carpet. So she could still do hide her accident by hiding her wet ass from her mum. If she could do that until it dry out and nobody would smell, she don´t would be get caught maybe. But she still had to go.

The show was going on. Julia did hide her wet ass by sitting on her knees and it worked; Sandra was going threw the living room and didn´t notice anyway that her little sister sitting there with peed pants. But Julia started to feel uncomfortable about her sticky wet ass which was getting cold. And her urge to pee didn´t get more less, she had to act!

During Julia waited for the next advertising, she jiggled around on the ground in her wet clothes, trying not to show her butt anyway. Advertising started, now she had to go threw the corridor very fast and not getting caught from anyone. Julia checked out the situation, her mother was in the kitchen next to the corridor, her sister was upstairs. She had to go pass the kitchens door, which was open, to get to the toilet. When she did pass the corridor, her mother did call her into the kitchen bad luckily. Julia went into the frame of the kitchen door.

“What´s up with your homework now? I want you to get ready for dinner.” Her mother asked when she doing some kitchen stuff for the dinner.

“I will start it in a few minutes, just let me finish watch my show please mum!”

Julia was squirm her legs tightly together, shake around a little bit. Her mother notice…

“What´s wrong with you, did you hiding something from me?” her mother asked, already suspected a big wet mistake caused of her childish behavior.

“Nothing mum” Julia said afraid. She wanted to get backward out of the door into the corridor.

“Turn around little girl, show me your butt!”

That’s when Sandra came downstairs, seeing the big wet spot on the back of her skirt.

“I think our little pantypisser does need some new clothes mum!” Sandra shouted, mocking her little sister.

Julia now was completely humiliated. Her plan failed clearly. Now her mother saw how her red leggings darkened under her skirt, her legs still tight pressed together. She peeing her pants now in front of her big sister and her mother. “How embarrassing” she thought. Her red legging-pants was getting really warm and wet. Julia started to cry.

“Ohhh Julia, I´ve told you to go on toilet in time!” her mother grumbled a bit.

“I know” Julia sobbed. “I didn´t want to miss something…”

