Wet at Walgreens

Author: MrMakeherWait

*000*2012-07-23 01:29

The Beginning

Sarah crossed her legs even more tightly. Why had she not told her date that she really needed to join the line for the ladies after the movie was over instead of polity refusing - and then being forced to watch as he dashed quickly into the gents and returned.

Sarah clenched her muscles with all the determination she could muster and shifted back and forth in her seat in a slow rhythmic rocking motion.

"Ouch, are you ok? You're squeezing my hand half to death," complained her date Paul.

"Sorry, I um," she stammered not wanting to admit to Paul her situation. "Just the movie was really scary and I'm still a little shakey I guess," she finally lied. She didn't realize she had been squeezing his hand so tightly. That wasn't a muscle she'd intended to tighten.

"How far away from home are we?" she asked, trying not to sound too eager. She had been enjoying the date very much until the last 10 or 15 minutes of the movie.

"Still a bit," replied Paul. "I need to stop at the drugstore first though. My dad asked if I could pick up some Ibuprofen for him on the way home. You don't mind do you?"

"Not at all," Sarah said excitely. Surely a drugstore would have a potty and she could excuse herself quickly while he was looking for the Ibuprofen.

A few minutes later they pulled up outside Walgreens. Sarah opened her door before the car was even completely stopped and jumped out. Even as she did she could feel a spurt leak out into her pink cupcake cotton panties that she'd picked out just for this date. She bent double and pressed her hand between her legs willing her bladder to stop.

She tried to stand up properly and somehow managed to limp around to the other side of the car and take Paul's hand as he got out. Now that she was at his side she tried double hard to maintain her composure.

They walked in and Paul looked around. She was just about to excuse herself when he started speaking to the clerk. She didn't want to be rude. She tugged on his shoulder but he was busy making chitchat with the clerk. A minute went by, but it seemed like longer. The clerk handed him a box from right behind the counter and Paul handed him a 10 dollar bill.

Oh no, they were going to leave. "Paul, I'm just going to run to the ladie's room really quickly while we're here," she said matter of factly and then left his side as quickly as she could without even waiting for a reply.

As soon as she was in an isle and out of sight she crossed her legs tight and bent at the waste. She couldn't move. Another larger spurt escaped into her panties. Where were the damn bathrooms at?

She uncrossed her legs and put one foot in front of the other and a small stream escaped. She stopped and bend over again pressing both hands between her legs but barely managed to stop it. This was not going to work.

She began to run even as the pee begain streaming out - this time without stopping. A wet spot had appeared on her crotch and was slowly expanding. She turned right at the end of the isle on auto-pilot not even knowing if she was getting closer to the restrooms. Fluid began to escape from her eyes as well as tears began flowing down her face.

The entire front of her pants were wet now, pee was soaking completely thru her pants now and streaming out the other side anywhere it could. The outside of her jeans glistened from the wetness. Dark, glistening, expanding lines ran down her legs. Small puddles of pee trailed behind her on the floor.

She turned left into a hallway without even thinking. Only a door marked staff. She stopped to think. The dark glistening lines were now entirely wet pants legs. The darkness from her crotch had spread half way up her butt. A yellow puddle was growing quickly around her feet. She sobbed and collapsed against the wall. She slid down, her butt landing in her own puddle of pee.

What could she say or do? She continued to cry and she continued to pee - the sharp pain in her bladder now slowly fading to a dull ache.

"Sarah?"

She looked up and into directly into Paul's face. She had forgotten him momentarily. She had actually tried to wish away reality completely.

"Oh my god, Sarah."

Reality was not so easily forgotten it seemed.

*002*2012-07-23 02:07

James is the guy. Girl is obviously Sarah.

*004*2012-07-23 02:40

Fixed. ;) Didn't realize it. Too many stories in my head.


