Thank you Commander (Part 3)

Author: masterminor

*000*2013-07-02 23:24

Sam still refused and tried to hold on unnoticably but after just 4 minutes she was back to squirming. She had crossed her legs after

Which cathy gave sam a come on just do it look. Sam shook her head and said let's play confess or stress. Cathy replied ok but she

Didn't know how. Sam explained it was a dice game even numbers you must confess a humiliating truth. Odds you must do something

Stressful. So they played sam landed a 3 so cathy told her to uncross her legs. Sam did... with some hidden difficulty. Cathy rolled a 2 so

She admited to her lesbianism. Which stunned sam quite a bit. Sam then told cathy that was a lesbian to. Cathy didn't believe her and asked her to prove it. So sam leant in and kissed her full on lips. They both deepened the kiss all the lust and desire of years of friendship put into it. Cathy moved her body as close to sam as possible. To close for sam or at least for her bladder. Sam pulled back

Swiftly and gracefully. Cathy was confused until she remembered sam needed to pee and by the looks of it quite badly. Cathy gave sam

A sad sympathetic look she moved closer and put her hand over place of where wikipedia said it was supposed to be not pressing just

Touching. It was buldging outward like a ballon then she pressed just a little. Sam tried to squirm away but cathy had an iron grip on

Her waist. Cathy asked sam how long since she had last gone. Sam had answered several hours before the lockdown. Cathy asked how much she drank after. Sam tried to refuse to answer but cathy pressed hard into sam's bladder and said she would only stop if she

Answered all her questions. So sam said she drank a grand total of 1 liter of water before the lockdown. Cathy asked sam if she was

Bursting sam nodded to this. Cathy told sam to stand up. Sam refused so cathy pressed again. This time tickling slightly and moving

Her fingers in downward motion as if directing the urine out of her. Sam still held on but begged to be let be. Cathy stopped her

Actions and sam stood but crossed her legs and held herself. Cathy moved sams hands and held her legs apart. Sam asked cathy to

Stop but she would not. Cathy told sam to either pee herself or remain like this for the remainder of the lockdown. Sam asked the

Penalty if she did cross her legs or held herself. Cathy replied that she would press and squeeze the urine out of her if she did. Sam tried

To hold on like that but soon little drops leaked. Then her muscles in her bladder relaxed against her will. It travled dow the urithra to the tense pee hole sam pressed her vaginal lips together best she could but failed. She blushed hard cathy saw her and she was confused. Until she saw the darkness growing on sam's pants. Cathy was so turned on and horny from the entire ordiel that she kissed

Sam again as sam wet herself getting cathy wet to. That night sam wet herself every half hour. And every half hour her and cathy had some fun.

