Jason's Lucky Day

Author: Dragon

*000*2011-03-24 00:30

Authors Note- This is a story about a senior boy and girl in high school named Jason and Lindsay. The story will be told from Jason’s perspective, if reviews are positive I will likely write additional chapters to the story in the future. Please enjoy and feel free to leave messages with any comments or ideas.

I followed along as quickly as I could trying to ignore the constant pushing and shoving as the mass of people surged onward towards the doors. Only a few minutes ago the principals’ voice had boomed from the speakers calling all senior students into the gym for a guest speaker. This has been greeted with the usual chorus of groan and moans from the students at being forced into another long boring lecture. However I had no idea that the assembly would be better than I ever could have imagined.

As I escaped the crowds at the door and walked in the gym I quickly spotted my friends in the bleachers and joined them. We talked for a few minutes until the gym had settled after the school had piled inside. After a moment the speaker was introduced as yet another college preparation specialist to speak to us once again. She quickly dived into her speech of tuition costs and enrollment forms. However I snapped to attention as I heard a quite whisper from the row in front of me. My heart instantly leaped into my throat as I noticed Lindsay, my crush sitting inches away from me. But the real shock was what she said. She had groaned in what seemed to be pain and her best friend Kelsey who was sitting directly in front of me had asked what was wrong.

“Ugh I was in English and I was just about to ask to go to the bathroom when the announcement came on calling us down here. I asked as soon as the principal finished but my teacher said I wouldn’t have time to go.” Lindsay whispered with a hint of panic in her voice. “Well do you think you can wait until the assemblies over? They usually only take like an hour at the most.” Kelsey said trying to be as supportive as she could for her friend. Lindsay shifted around on the bleachers in obvious discomfort and whispered back, “an hour! I don’t even know if I can wait ten minutes.”

Kelsey could only give her friend a sympathetic look with a shrug of her shoulders as I sat behind the two girls fighting the urge to jump for joy at what I was hearing.

If what Lindsay had said was true then I just might be in for a real life wetting, no longer would I only have videos from the internet with obvious acting, no longer would I have to settle with only indulging on my wetting obsession through fictions and pictures. I would actually see a girl wet herself, not just any girl, but a girl who in my opinion was the most attractive and nicest person in the school and the person who I had had a crush on for years.

Lindsay, an attractive green eyed beauty with shoulder length straight brown hair, a pretty smile, and a curvy body which that day was clad in a tight black tank top with dark green short shorts which showed off her perfect heart shaped bottom.

I watched with eager eyes as Lindsay wiggled around on the bleacher as the speaker droned on showing no sign of stopping. I quickly positioned myself to be facing the speaker in just such a way that I could appear to be paying attention and observe Lindsay’s struggles from a better view. I could see her perfectly now as she tapped her feet anxiously trying to ignore the growing urge to empty her bladder.

I could tell as her movements slowly grew more noticeable that she had put off using the bathroom for far longer than she should have. Yet I still held doubt in my mind as I reminded myself that the odds of an eighteen year old actually losing bladder control were slim and that I had never witnessed an actual wetting first hand in my entire life. However my omorashi craving brain refused to let hope die as I stared with eager eyes at Lindsay’s growing desperation.

Kelsey was whispering to Lindsay reassuringly saying that the assembly wouldn’t be much longer, but Lindsay could only groan in agony as she twisted her shaking legs together to hold back the flood. “Kelsey what am I going to do I don’t think I’ve ever needed to pee this badly. I don’t think I’m gonna make it.” Lindsay whispered. By now Lindsay’s situation was attracting stares and hushed whispers as other students watched her twist and turned constantly.

She was beyond caring however as she was forced the place her hands against the tiny dark green shorts, which I was beginning to wonder how they would look soaking wet. But Lindsay was still in control although the occasional gasps she was unable to suppress told me that the pressure was getting worse. I watched with baited breath anticipating what would happen. However Lindsay was somehow able to contain her overfilled bladder far longer than I had expected.

Another half hour passed by as the speaker still had yet to finish and Lindsay was still annoyingly dry. I had watched and several times Lindsay had gasped and groaned yet she always managed to fight off the urges. I had to hold back a laugh when after a particularly loud gasp Kelsey had reflexively scooted away from Lindsay thinking she would soon be sitting next to a puddle. However so far Lindsay was proving irritatingly strong willed. As she rocked back and forth trying to sooth her aching bladder. It was at this point that the speaker finished and the principal took the microphone thanking the guest and talking for a moment about who we should contact if we were interested in getting more information.

Doubt clawed at my mind as the speaker walked out of the gym and the principal took another minute to explain the class schedule for the rest of the day. I realized with horror that the assembly was almost over, Lindsay was going to make it to the bathroom. Lindsay was shifting around listening to the principal attentively muttering under her breath over and over, “Come on some of us have to pee here hurry up, hurry up, hurry up!!!” To her joy and my horror the principal dismissed us to go to our classes and people began rising and rushing towards the exit. I watched as Lindsay slowly rose on her shaking legs and managed to take two steps before sitting back down. “Come on Lindsay hurry the assembly’s over you can go now!” Kelsey urged. But Lindsay shakily replied “I can’t.” As she trembled violently in desperation. “Yes you can Lindsay come on its only a little ways away hurry.” Kelsey said.

Lindsay nodded slowly and rose up once again and took a few more steps until she was directly in front of me before she suddenly stopped in her tracks and froze with a look of shock and a growing blush on her face. Time seemed to slow down as my eyes fell from her face to her shorts, where I quickly spotted a small patch of wetness growing between her shapely legs turning the green shorts a shade darker as the patch quickly covered the front of her shorts as well as a portion of the back. The liquid quickly soaked Lindsay’s clothes and ran down her legs splashing against the metal bleachers below emitting a loud pitter patter as a puddle formed. Other students all began gasping and pointing along with a few snickers as we all watched the accident unfold.

Tears were in the corners of Lindsay’s bright green eyes and she was blushing in embarrassment however there was no hiding the unmistakable signs of relief covering her face as pee continued flowing in an unending torrent down her legs.

At this point the Principal and a few teachers had seen the commotion and were quickly approaching but stopped short when they saw what was happening. They stared with the rest of us as Lindsay continued peeing for a little while longer until with a small shudder the pitter patter ended. Lindsay was still as she stood soaked and in the middle of the largest puddle of pee I had ever seen. The principal took a minute to gather himself and then he quickly began sending the crowds away from the scene. I took one last look of awe hoping to burn the images into my mind as I began walking away when the principal stopped me with a hand. “Jason since you have study hall this period please assist Lindsay and retrieve a mop and bucket and give her a hand with the mess.”

I tried to hide my look of shock and attempted to stay calm. “Y-you said to help her?” I shakily asked trying to make sure this was real. He nodded quickly and continued waving students away until the only people in the gym were me and Lindsay who remained standing in her puddle with tears running down her eyes. I knew then that at that moment Lindsay needed help so I collected myself and slowly approached Lindsay. She did nothing to acknowledge my presence. I took a deep breath and slowly extended a hand to her which she looked at for a moment through teary eyes before taking it and allowing me to lead her away from the puddle and have sit down on the bleachers. I then retrieved a mop and a bucket with water from a nearby janitor’s closet returned to clean the mess.

Then Lindsay spoke for the first time seeing what I was going to do. “H-hey you don’t need to do that, just because I wet myself like some baby doesn’t mean I need you to clean up after me like a baby.” She said shakily as she erupted in more tears. “Lindsay it’s not a big deal, and having an accident doesn’t make you a baby it happens to all of us, you shouldn’t worry about it.

Lindsay stopped crying for a moment and stared at me. “T-thanks a lot for your help I’m glad there are at least a few nice boys in this school.” She said. At this I stumbled a bit and only nodded my head at her as I blushed deeply.

“What’s your name?” Lindsay asked. “Jason.” I replied nervously amazed that the girl of my dreams was talking to me and to top it off she had just peed herself. We fell back into silence as Lindsay sat and I mopped up the puddle. As I finished up my work and returned the mop and bucket to the closet Lindsay stood and awkwardly motioned to her soaked shorts saying, “I’d better go to the nurses office and change out of these, seriously though thanks for your help Jason there aren’t many people who are as nice as you.” Lindsay said as she looked at me.

I tried to respond but could only splutter “No biggy.” She smiled a bit and looked away and then quickly said, “Listen I understand if you don’t want to but um maybe we could hang out sometime?” she asked quietly. I wasted no time and quickly replied with a yes. Lindsay beamed at me and thanked me again for my help and walked off towards the nurse’s office. I stared again as she walked off, legs slightly apart in obvious discomfort from the wet material and cool air hitting her wet legs.

I ran what had just happened again in my mind still struggling to get the idea in my head. I had just watched the girl I had a crush on wet herself directly in front of me, she knew my name, and now we were planning on a date. Despite how cheesy it felt, I pinched myself wondering if I was dreaming.

To be continued

*003*2011-03-24 01:33

{{:

Very interesting set up. I would like to see how the "date" turns out.

However, it felt like the end was a little rushed.

Your descriptions were little vague in some places, but that can easily be fixed in chapter two.

Example, what color of hair?

How is Jason built?

What was Jason wearing (not quite as important).

Can you slow time down a little more and describe her desperate holding and shaking habits. Each person does it just a bit different, I believe, and even if not, the description does add to the feel of an accident occurring. Despite that, this story seems like it should have at least five parts to it, of which perhaps Jason might discover that she wets more than she has ever let on... maybe not fully, but always leaving school with dampened panties?

I am looking forward to the next part to see what happens.

}}

Thanks for the feedback, to address some of your points, yes i was vague with Jason's description mainly because I am planning on switching perspectives in each chapter as I go along, for example I plan on making chapter 2 focus on the date and will tell the story from Lindsay's perspective, this will include a lot of her feelings for Jason, and her view on her accident. Oh and as you guessed wetting will be a very familiar thing too Lindsay soon . I also appreciate the advice and will try doing a better job on details with the accident and with slowing down my writing in the future.

*005*2011-03-24 01:38

{{: 

I haven't read this yet, i'll read it in a bit...I have to comment this because it ALMOST LITERALLY scared the pee out of me....MY name is jason...I LOVE a girl named Lindsay...And the strange thing is, I was talking to my friend about us....Are you my friend? o.0

EDIT: OH MY GOD...It's like...It's like it IS me :o Dude! Now I'm SERIOUSLY QUESTIONING if you're my friend xD

}}

Haha I assure you this story is completely fictional although Lindsay is a real person who I had a crush on in high school, unfortunately I was never as fortunate as Jason was to witness her wet herself.

