A fictional story set on holiday. - Page 5

Author: RagingPython

*080*2019-07-13 17:43

So, I went and checked online, even looking around on Google Maps, and I couldn’t find that restaurant I mentioned last chapter. Knowing the Portuguese economy, it probably closed down randomly over the couple of years since I last visited it. The meal we have is based off of something I once had at the Briea Mar in Burgau, and the location on the beach is similar to Zavial from Praia de Zavial, but this restaurant was in a different village. I’ll look for somewhere with a similar dining experience and table layout to the restaurant I mentioned.

Also, I’m gonna write another chapter tonight, most likely. I’ve had this absolutely amazing idea, which’ll span the next few chapters.

*083*2019-07-15 13:35

{{On 7/13/2019 at 11:19 PM, huberp76 said:

I am waiting!

}}

Sorry, I haven’t had any time during the day due to certain events involving some close relatives, and I’ve fallen asleep before I’ve been able to get any writing done at night.

*084*2019-07-15 18:08

Oh my god what the actual fu-

MY ENTIRE CHAPTER JUST VANISHED

WHY

I need to find a way to type these up on my PC. Typing entire chapters over the course of like an hour into this interface is a pain in the ass as it disappears sometimes, but I can’t save text anywhere my iPad, which is my only way of accessing the site. I need to transfer text from my PC to iOS somehow.

*085*2019-07-15 19:49

Chapter 29:

(Note: This chapter is written from Karen’s perspective, to better tell this part of the story. However, the story will be transition back to Rosalynne’s perspective next chapter.)

“This table is really nice... we have a sea view, two seats, even a candle! I wonder if the waiter saw us together and assumed we were a couple! I suppose we were holding hands... even so, it’s a little embarrassing, but I can’t help but kinda wish that we were one...”, I thought, looking up at Rosalynne.

She had taken a menu, and was looking through it. I took one as well, there were 2 in the middle of the table, and read through it. I decided on the swordfish steak, because doesn’t that sound so cool!? I’ve never even heard of that before. Quickly, Rosalynne made her choice, and put down her menu. We discussed our choices, she had chosen seafood spaghetti, oh, how like her...

Rosalynne got up to head in and order, but I was worried about something:

“Would she even be able to order? I mean sure, she’s far better than me and Portuguese, and even though it’s often broken and a mix of Spanish, Portuguese and English, she manages to talk to most foreigners easily. And I suppose, she probably has her iPad in that bag of hers, she brings everything with her and is always better prepared then me... but wait, would a translator app on there even work without an internet connection?”, I thought, and decided to volunteer to go in myself.

“H-hey, umm... Rosalynne? Shouldn’t I be the one to go in?”

”Why?”

”Because I have phone to translate with?”

”Good point. I’d probably manage myself, but if you want to go you can.”

”Okay! I’ll see you in a bit.”

I headed inside, and translated our orders effortlessly. I honestly wonder every day how Rosalynne lives without 4G; she still seems amazed by even the slowest of 3G connections... anyway, I was about to order when I spotted a sign, advertising some specials, which included a type of seafood stew! Rosalynne absolutely loves that kinda thing. I decided, as it’s a two person dish to share, which she doesn’t normally get to eat, I’d order one for us both. I like seafood too, so I’m fine with it. The smile on her face will be well worth having to wait until some later date to try swordfish...

I translated my request, placed the order, and turned to leave. It was then when I decided I should do something first:

“I should look for the bathroom, while I’m here. I already kinda need to go again...”

I went looking, exploring the entirety of the small-ish restaurant. Neither me nor Rosalynne had seen the inside, as we were on the external decking/patio, which is what gave us such a great view of the ocean. No matter how hard I searched, I couldn’t find anywhere to relieve myself, so I went and asked the staff. Unfortunately, they said they didn’t have a toilet.

“That’s... fine. I can definitely make it until we get home, I went just before we left. I wonder what the staff do all day, as I think even if I don’t drink too much I’ll be pretty full by the time we get back...”

Nevertheless, I headed for the door and was about to step outside when I realised something important:

”I should tell Rosalynne about the bathroom situation, she really does like to drink a lot, especially at restaurants.”

I left the restaurant, and returned to Rosalynne, who seemed to be looking for me. I sat back down, and we both looked out over the ocean, waiting for our food.

“Hello!”, smiled Rosalynne.

”Yep. I placed the orders okay, everything went well.”

”Oh good!”

”But, there’s just this one thi-“, I began, only to be interrupted by Rosalynne.

”Oh look! There’s a shooting star! Look!”

”H-huh? What? I can’t see it.”

”It was just over there, to the left of the moon. You’re right though, it’s gone.”

We began a conversation, which continued for a few minutes. It was when Rosalynne had a drink of her water bottle when I realised we’d made a massive mistake.

”We haven’t ordered drinks!”, I shouted.

”Wait, you’re right! How on earth did we forget drinks!?”

”I’m not sure, to be honest. What do you want to get?”, I asked, getting up.

”Don’t bother, I’ll go in this time. I know most Portuguese drinks.”

”Okay. I’ll have a can of coke.”, I said, sitting back down.

”Sure.”, she said, and got up to go in herself.

In hindsight, I probably should’ve told Rosalynne the restaurant didn’t have a bathroom before she ordered drinks, as she returned with a can of coke, a massive glass of lemonade, and a pot of tea for us to share.

”Th-that’s quite a lot to drink, isn’t it?”, I said, as she put down an overloaded tray containing our drinks.

”Well, the coke is yours. You know I drink a lot.”

”I suppose.”, I said, opening my can.

End of Chapter 29:

*087*2019-07-15 20:26

{{Just now, huberp76 said:

"I wonder what the staff do all day"

I like to imagination that they can not go all day long. I like it if a waitress has to serve for hours with a full bladder.

}}

I’ve known restaurants where that literally was what they expected the staff to do. Most of the time its just that there’s public toilets or another restaurant nearby and the staff just use the bathrooms there. It is a pretty fun concept for a omorashi story though.

*089*2019-07-15 21:45

{{39 minutes ago, huberp76 said:

I would love to visit such a restaurant where it was expected that the staff hold it all shift long. Especially at the end of the shift.

I agree with you, it would be a good concept for a omorashi story. Once i wrote a similar story here on omorashi general" No wee for a kiosk girl!"

}}

I wouldn’t to be honest, I’d just feel so bad for the staff I wouldn’t be able to get any enjoyment out of it.

I’ll have to read that.

*090*2019-07-16 00:09

Chapter 30. CHAPTER 30. That’s amazing! This story was never originally going to be this long, I planned the time in the airport, the first night in the local house, and that was it. But honestly, I had so much fun writing that that I decided to keep going. And now here we, on Chapter 30. I’m not gonna stop any time soon as I’m still having a great time and have loads of ideas, but I have to say it’s incredible that people have been enjoying this series as much as I have this whole time. I’ve found that although the story is primarily fictional, using real life events as inspiration or just basing scenes off of them is really good for creating convincing and fun situations. Also, as each chapter is roughly the length of an A4 page, I estimate that this story would probably fill at least 50 pages of a normal-sized book.

Chapter 30:

“So, how much did the meals cost?”, I asked Karen.

”Don’t worry,”, she said, seeing me take out my purse, “you took me on this lovely holiday for free, so I’ll pay for this.”

”Aww, thanks Karen.”

”You’re welcome, I’m just glad you took me on this trip. It’s been a little embarrassing sometimes, but I’ve had a lot of fun already.”

After this short conversation, we both watched the ocean for a bit, mostly in silence, listening to the sounds of the waves.

”Hey, do you want to go swimming?”, Karen eagerly suggested.

”H-huh!? N-now? It’s nearly 9 O’Clock at night!”

”Yeah! It’ll be great! There’s no one here as well, so we’ll be the only ones!”

”B-but, it’ll be freezing!”

”I don’t mind, I’ll have you to warm me up. And you like the cold.”

”Y-yeah... b-but... we d-don’t have a-any... any swimsuits...”, I mumbled, feeling my cheeks sink into red.

”I guess that’s an issue. But I don’t mind, you’ve seen me naked.”, said Karen, mostly undeterred.

”We’re st-still in public! You c-can’t swim n-naked here!”, I argued, my cheeks a deep red still.

“Fine... if you insist. But I want to go swimming when we get to our villa. At night.”, said Karen, a little disappointed.

”Okay! I love a good bit of nightswimming.”, I responded, looking forward to later tonight.

”I wouldn’t mind swimming naked with you somewhere else either... maybe if we found a more secluded empty beach...?”, said Karen, her own cheeks going a little pink, but nevertheless putting on a cheeky smile.

”N-no!”, I shouted out at her, my cheeks redder than ever.

”M-maybe... for a little while. But we’d need to find somewhere really unknown and small, so that no one else will go there...”, I continued, looking away from Karen.

......

Having embarrassed ourselves, mostly me, we returned to the silence of the night and drank our drinks, waiting for our meals to arrive. The night really is relaxing, the quite sounds of the nighttime insects, and the powerful sound of the waves breaking... I could fall asleep to this. Except for the cicadas, which are horrible and I hate them with a burning passion.

By the time I’d finished my entire glass of lemonade, the meal was ready. A few minutes after I had finished with the drink, the waiter came out with a massive dish.

”Wow! That’s massive! What did you order, Karen?”

”The seafood stew! I saw it on a specials board!”, she shouted, smiling, perfectly timed to coincide with the waiter removing the lid to the container.

”Yes! Karen, thank you so much! I’m so glad you remembered I love seafood stew. This is a lot though, even for me. What did you order for yourself?”

”It’s to share, silly. Like always, with seafood stew. That’s why you eat it so rarely.”

”Wait, you ordered this because you knew I’d like it, and gave up your swordfish? Oh, I’m sorry...”

”No, don’t worry. The smile on your face was worth it. And besides, I like seafood too. But I do want to try to swordfish some other day.”

”Sure. I’ll buy you some swordfish to make up for this.”

......

We ate the stew happily, it was really good! There was rice, and sauce, and spices, and so many different types of fish and other seafood. Honestly, it’s so good. The fact that Karen was happy too made it even better.

When the stew was finished, at around 10, we were both quite full up. In addition to finishing the stew, Karen had drunk both her coke and a mug of tea, and I had drunk the rest of the kettle (two mugs) along with the aforementioned glass of lemonade. I’d also ordered a refill and drank some of that. Despite how much we had drunk and eaten, I still suggested that we get pudding. A quick look at the deserts menu made these a certainty.

”Oh my god, look! Lemon sorbet, in a lemon! Karen, they sell it! I’m totally having that. As I’m definitely having that, is there anything you want?”, I shouted, exited. Lemon sorbet in a lemon is very important to me, as it relates to some of my oldest memories from Portugal.

”Umm, I think I’ll have the mango & passion fruit sorbet. It’s a shame it doesn’t come in a real mango or a passion fruit though.”

”Should I go and get it?”, I offered.

”No, I’ll do it. You got the drinks, so let’s take it in turns.”, Karen said, and stood up to go inside.

A minute later, she had returned. She sat back down, and said that it shouldn’t be too long.

......

I finished my second glass of lemonade, and stood up:

”Well, as we’re waiting, I think I’ll go and visit the girls’ room. All that liquid’s starting to get to me.”

”Ah! I forgot to tell you! Th-there isn’t one...”, Karen admitted, clearly blushing.

”W-what do you mean?”

”I-I mean... the restaurant d-doesn’t have one...”, Karen mumbled.

”Okay. You know, I really could’ve done with knowing that before I downed two pints of lemonade and two thirds of a kettle of tea, right?”

End of Chapter 30:

I’m not kidding about that seafood stew, by the way. It’s actually incredible. It’s based off the real life sea food stew which you can buy from the Breira Mar in Burgau, Portugal. If anyone goes out there, I recommend you try the stew, even though it’s supposed to be shared between two, and there’s enough stuff for 3 people I’d say. Take the main road down to the beach, past the green grocer, it’s down there if you go far enough, just by Bar Brizze.

*093*2019-07-16 08:57

{{5 hours ago, Sake said:

Have you tried writing in Google docs?

If you haven't and can do so, that would kinda fix all your problems at once.

}}

Yeah that’s probably gonna be the solution I go with.

*095*2019-07-17 01:33

{{16 hours ago, huberp76 said:

I can understand that you would feel bad for the staff.

I am sure now that you don‘t like my „ kiosk story „

For me is a great difference between reality - fantasie and imagination.

}}

The story was alright, but too short for my liking. In a story, it’s a great concept, in real life though I would just feel too bad for the staff.

*096*2019-07-17 01:50

Chapter 31:

“I’m so sorry! I have no idea how I forgot! It just completely slipped my mind!”, apologised Karen.

”You know, I’m not even surprised. Normally I’m the forgetful one though. Anyway, it’s not the end of the world. I’ll just have to wait until we go home.”, I said with a shrug.

”Huh? Y-you aren’t really angry w-with me...?”

”Nah, I know what it feels like to forget something important. As long as nothing explodes, it’s fine.”

”You say that like something has exploded due to you being forgetful...”

”Naturally.”

......

The deserts were brought out a short while later. The wait did seem longer now that I knew I wouldn’t get a bathroom break until I could get home, but I was exited enough for the sorbet that I didn’t mind.

”This looks so good!”, I shouted in excitement.

”Mine does too. I wonder why you are always so exited by sorbet though...”

”That’s a very interesting question with a very interesting answer, but it’d take too long to tell you so I’ll explain it some other time.”

”Okay. I do have another question though... are you sure you can manage until we get home? Your legs are shaking pretty badly already...”

While it was true, my legs were shaking, my feet were tapping away at the deck, and I kept shifting my lower half, rubbing my legs together, I still felt I could make it until we got home.

”I think I’ll be fine. But if I do end up wetting myself I want you to learn from this.”

“I really am sorry, I’ll try to remember something like this next time.”

“We’ll see about that I guess.”

......

I finished my sorbet first. Karen finished hers a little later, enough time for me to start feeling the sorbet (now in liquid form) start to hit my bladder. I was starting to get really uncomfortable, so as soon as Karen was finished I started getting up to leave.

”Wait for me, Rosalynne!”, Karen said, and got up herself.

She wasn’t anywhere near as desperate as me, but I could tell that she wanted to visit the girl’s room too.

We started walking back. I knew the route now, and led the way back through the village. As we began to leave the village, and walk up the road to our villa, much to me (and my overfill bladder’s) delight, Karen stopped.

”Rosalynne, look up! There’s so many stars! Look! I can’t believe how many there are!”, she beckoned, her face lit up with amazement.

End of Chapter 31:

Sorry this one’s a bit shorter than the last couple, but I’m going to bed now as it’s really late.

*098*2019-07-19 01:29

Chapter 32:

“Huh? Oh yeah, wow! That view is great. Its not so impressive for me, as I’ve seen the sky out here before, but never this far from city lights. It’s pretty mindblowing seeing it for the first time, isn’t it?”, I said to her.

”It really is incredible...”, Karen said, still looking up in amazement.

”You know, they’d look even better from up there.”, I said, pointing up to the top of the hill our villa is on.

”Can we go there, tomorrow night!?”, asked an exited Karen.

”Why wait until tomorrow? Let’s go up there now.”

”Eh? N-now? Are you sure that’s a good idea, considering our current s-situation?”, she said, looking unconvinced and squeezing her hips.

”Oh, are you that desperate? I didn’t realise.”, I said, trying not to get too turned on.

”N-no! It’s n-not me I’m worried about...”, she said, looking towards my crotch.

”Oh, well let’s go then!”, I said, turning towards the hill.

“W-wait! Shouldn’t we go to the villa first...?”, Karen suggested.

”Why?”, I said, knowing full well why she wanted to visit the villa first.

”So... s-so you can use the bathroom...”, blushed Karen, struggling to look at me.

”I can wait. What about yourself? Don’t you want a break too?”, I said, starting to smile.

”A-A little... maybe a bit... okay a lot... but it’s mainly you I’m worried about. You had so much to drink...”, Karen replied, looking at her feet and blushing heavily.

”I already told you I’ll manage.”, I said, even though I doubted it a little myself.

”O-okay... f-fine... we’ll go afterwards.”

”You know, there’s actually a pretty good reason for wanting to climb the hill first.”

”Why?”

”I’m not sure if you can see this, my nightvision is better than most, but the hill is shaped in such a way that if we climbed up to the villa, we’d then have to climb halfway down the hill again to find a slope we could climb. Everything near the villa is too steep. But I had a look at this place when I booked it, there’s a pathway on the other side of the hill that leads down from the top to the villa, and we can take that on the way back down.”

”Oh... okay. It’s not just th-that you wanted to see me squirm for longer?”, said Karen, still blushing but judging by her face might have been joking with me.

”No, why would I want to do that?”, I said, keeping a perfectly straight face and using my lying skills to not seem suspicious, even though I really did love the sight of her fidgeting body.

......

I lead the way as I could see near-perfectly in the dark, unlike Karen who had to be carefully led. I took her to a pathway (Not paved, or gravelled of anything, just a well-trodden section of land that led up the hill.) and followed it upwards. It lead to some stairs, and then another pathway. Soon, we were about halfway up, and Karen had to ask me to stop.

”P-please... my legs hurt... let me rest for a minute.”

“Alright... f-fine... j-just for a m-minute...”, I said, struggling to stand still.

Karen stood there for a little while, until she well ready to keep going and began to walk again. I overtook her, and we climbed the rest of the path, stopping occasionally. By the time we reached the top, both me and Karen were seriously feeling the pressure. Me especially, I was really regretting drinking so much.

Nevertheless, we had reached the top. I told Karen to close her eyes, and through down a towel I had in my bag. Of course, a picnic blanket or something like that would be more ideal, but a towel was the best I could do at the time. I gently lowered Karen onto the towel, so as the not have her touch the grass, and then I laid down next to her.

”Alright, K-Karen. Open y-your... y-your eyes...”, I said, stammering as a powerful urge hit me midway through the sentence.

End of Chapter 32:

*100*2019-07-21 02:43

Chapter 33:

Karen squealed with happiness and excitement, reminding me of my first time seeing the stars out here. I, of course, was less impressed, having had the same experience before, but I still couldn’t help but smile at Karen’s amazed expression.

“She’s so cute... I could stare at that smile forever... I think my heart’s melting...”

I moved a little closer, so I could feel her warm body against mine.

“She’s so close... my heart won’t stop pounding... but I don’t want to move away again...”

“Rosalynne, look! There’s Orion!”, shouted Karen, pointing at Sagittarius, distracting me from my thoughts.

I corrected her, and we spent a while stargazing, although I was more focused on her than the stars.

......

”Ahh!”, moaned Karen suddenly, and grabbed herself, “W-we should p-probably get going, r-right?”

I was really getting desperate, so I agreed easily. We got up, my bladder aching with fullness as I moved, and I packed away the towel.

I led the way towards the pathway I knew would take us down to our villa. I found the entrance, and we started to walk down it, although I was really worried I might reach my limit before I got back.

I turned a corner, and nearly walked right off the edge of the path.

”H-huh!? Where’s the path!?”, I shouted, looking down the steep hillside.

”M-maybe it collapsed?”, Karen helpfully suggested.

That was a real possibility, these mountain paths aren’t very reliable, I once had a ‘road’ (made out of gravel and dirt) collapse down a hillside after being driven over it, which is one of the main reasons why I had heights so much.

”I g-guess... we should f-find another p-path...”, I said, feeling my bladder bulge.

Karen looked at a satellite image on her phone, and determined that the only other route was back the way we came.

With her leading the way this time, we began our walk towards it. I held her hand with one hand, and clutched my crotch with the other.

The other path was a turning we both ignored near the top of the hill, and if looped round the sides of the hill twice before ending near our villa. The route was almost 3 times as long as the path I thought I knew, and I felt like I could give out any minute.

”I shouldn’t have suggested this... I have to pee SO BAD... I need to get to the villa... But I can’t give up yet... I can’t!”

The first loop was uneventful, aside from some incredibly sexy moaning from Karen as her desperation became harder to endure, oh, and me having to stop to cross my legs midway through. The worse our situation got, the harder it was for me. I was so turned on, I could barely think straight, which made it harder to distract myself from my urgently pressing need, which made me want to pee even harder.

“If I was a guy, I‘d be harder than diamond right now... especially with Karen squirming like that...”

The second loop was almost too much for me, it took a good 5-10 minutes per loop, and I wanted to pee like no tomorrow. It felt like trying to hold back an ocean...

“Ohh... So full... so full... I want to pee... I want to pee... I want to pee so badly! I drank so much earlier... why did I decide I could hold it... ahh...”

End of Chapter 33:

*102*2019-07-22 20:15

Chapter 34:

I continued walking, slowly, not daring to step more than a few centimetres at a time, as I couldn’t separate my legs for more than a second. I knew I wasn’t going to make it by now, but I wasn’t going to admit that to Karen, not after I said I’d be fine earlier.

”Nnghh... no...”, I moaned suddenly, clutching at myself as I felt a little leak out. My panties were getting a little damp, and I knew this was just foreshadowing the incoming disaster.

”Rosalynne! Are you alright? Do you want to take a break and wait here for a minute?”

”I’m... f-fine...”, I lied, and continued forwards.

“I’m so far beyond my limit... I can barely move... I feel like I could explode any second...”

I kept walking, and we were just beginning the final loop around the hill when I lost control somewhat.

My whole body shaking, I collapsed onto my knees... I felt the warm liquid spurting out of my urethra, my bladder spasming with relief.

”N-no... I-I... I-I have t-to h-hold on...”

Using all my willpower, I forced my squirming body to contain the vast amount of pee. I’d lost some, but it was only a pitiful amount of the total remaining. My panties were soaked, making it harder to hold it in.

“R-Rosalynne, are you alright? Can you keep moving?”, Karen asked, my desperation clearly making it hard for her to focus on her own trouble.

”N-no... I-I can’t... even g-get up... ahh... an-anymore...”, I whispered, knowing I could only withstand the pressure for a few more moments.

”Okay. I’ll look away.”, she said, and true to her word she spun around.

I knew I was going to burst now, there was nothing I could do to postpone the flood, and I didn’t want to prolong the pain, so I quickly removed my hands from my crotch, and the release was imminent.

I did the only thing I could, and tried to position myself best to keep myself dry.

Within seconds, the golden liquid was pouring out into my wet panties, and then poured down onto the path.

I moaned with relief and pleasure, feeling the last many hours of pent up pee burst out.

“Aah... this feels heavenly...”, I thought, enjoying the sensation.

“Ooh... that sounds like it feels really good... I wish I could just let it all out right now.”, I heard Karen say.

As soon as I could, I stopped the flow. I’m very good at this, stopping myself from letting it all out. I still really needed to go, but I was no where near as full as I had been.

“Ah... ah... I really don’t want to stop, but I have to...”, I thought, feeling my bladder bulge again to cope with the unreleased pressure.

”I-I think I can make it back now.”, I said, standing back up, and removing my panties.

”Good!”, said a red cheeked Karen, “Shall we get going then?”

”Yeah.”

End of Chapter 34:

*104*2019-07-23 23:43

Chapter 35:

I took a plastic bag out of my backpack, and put my sodden panties in there, knowing I’d have to wash them later, and followed Karen down the pathway towards our villa. Of course, within 2 minutes we had made it back, making my embarrassing accident all the more embarrassing.

”I honestly can’t believe I wet myself like that...”, I started.

”It’s nothing to worry about, remember what happened to me when we first got here?”, Karen said.

While Karen was still talking, I said, ”I mean, I’m strong enough to kick down doors, I've even punched a hole through a wall before, but just a bit too much pressure and I lose control of my bladder. Why am I like this...”, clearly not listening.

”Really, Rosalynne, it’s fine. And mostly my fault. You drank like... a ridiculous amount! I should have warned you we couldn’t use the bathroom. If anything Rosalynne, you have a stronger bladder than me as you volunteered to go stargazing with me, despite how desperate you were getting.”

”Yeah, I guess you are right. I still feel like I should’ve been able to resist it just a little longer to get back here.”

”How do you think I felt!? I was on the doorstep...”

”You did slip over though.”

”True. But speaking of wetting ourselves, sh-shouldn’t we get to the b-bathroom?”, said Karen, sudden.y remembering how full she was and grabbing at her crotch.

“Aah... yes... You go first.”

”No, you should. You drank more than me.”

”Yeah, but I let a little out outside. You go.”

”Fine...”, Karen said, and walked to the bathroom.

She came out quickly, as if rushing herself to reduce the time I’d need to hold it for.

“Alright, I’ll go and then have a shower. Can you make me a cup of tea?”, I asked.

”Sure.”, replied Karen, a look of intense relief on her face. Oh man, I wanted to pee so bad... luckily my wait was nearly over.

I walked in myself, and stepped into the shower cubicle. I then stepped back out first, as I was still dressed and hadn’t used the toilet first.

I removed my clothes, and sat on the toilet. I could’ve gone in the shower, but I had something specific in mind. I let myself loose, releasing nearly half of the overwhelming supply of liquid. I then stopped, stood up, and climbed into the shower.

Turning it on, I felt the freezing water hit my still unrelieved body, almost causing me to double over with shock and need. The water warmed up quickly, the change in temperature causing the urge to grow worse and worse, turning me on to such an extreme degree I could barely resist the urge to touch myself.

“N-not now... I can’t... Karen’s waiting for me. Maybe tomorrow, when she’s still asleep.”, I told myself, and had my shower.

It was only now, having fully showered, that I sat down and fully emptied myself.

It felt so good.

End of Chapter 35:

I’ve found a way to type despite my possibly-broken wrist getting worse, I just have to support my iPad, (which I use to type on) with my other hand rather than my injured one like normal.

