Dropped in a new world: diaper crossover

Author: lightman

*000*2019-06-18 18:38

Before you read!, this story is a crossover between my story “dropped in a new world”, Lily-Celeste “Crystal Diaper Magic”, Wannatripbaby “Angel hunter”, pinkthedinosaur “Forced to save dreamland” and InkuHime “A Too Late Magical Girl” (links to all their works will be at the bottom)

With a special guest character from SparkleDust1

I would like to thank all of them for allowing me to use their characters for this crossover. I would also like to give Wannatripbaby a special thank you for being the person who saved this story.

A few months ago I had to deal with a personal problem that left me with no time to continue the story. It is thanks to Wanna taking up the project that this story was saved from being canceled.

Thank you for everything you've done.

%https://www.deviantart.com/redwelch2222/art/Dropped-in-a-new-world-706627924

%https://www.deviantart.com/pinkthedinosaur/art/Forced-to-save-dream-land-723629446

%https://www.deviantart.com/lily-celeste/art/Crystal-Diaper-Magic-1-717219603

%https://www.dailydiapers.com/board/index.php?/topic/60742-angel-hunter/&tab=comments#comment-1390728

%https://www.dailydiapers.com/board/index.php?/topic/60645-a-too-late-magical-girl-completed-02-10-19/&tab=comments#comment-1387577

Part 1

The day was nice and warm. The birds were chirping, and there was a nice breeze. It was a great day for a hike or a picnic.

Or, if your like me, helping out your friend the archer and his shapeshifting/furry girlfriend as they try to arrest or kill a cult that’s kidnapping people who come near their temple.

You know, like normal people.

“GET DOWN!” I yelled as I tackled Bab behind a wall just as an arrow shot past us.

Bab might look like a little girl, but she’s really a witch who was cursed and forced to look like a little girl. Under different circumstances I wouldn’t need to bother protecting her, but she also can’t use her hands, which makes self-defense difficult.

I hear the arrow explode behind us but I don’t bother to look at what it hit. I just focus my attention on Bab.

“Bab, was that you? How is your diaper not destroyed?” I asked her as I give her a smirk.

Yeah, even in the middle of a battle Bab smacked me for that one. She hates it when I make my jokes about her predicament. Another part of the curse removed her bladder control, meaning she needs diapers. She knows I'm just playing, though.

Suddenly another arrow flew past our hiding spot and exploded again.

“Think you can reach him?” I asked Bab.

“Better than you can.” Bab said as she turned the corner and fired a bolt of electricity out of her hand. It struck arrow guy with enough force to shoot up in the air and when he hit the ground he was out cold.

“Good job!” I praise her as she gives me a smile.

“STOP PLAYING AROUND!” Blake yelled from on top of a temple wall.

“SORRY!” I yell back before turning to Bab. “Okay, let's go.”

I stood up and watched as my hand disappeared for a second and I pulled my most prized possession out of storage.

My sword Asahi.

The grip was perfectly in shaped to my hand; it felt like it was just an extension of my arm. The hilt looked like a 7 pointed star, and the blade itself was a dark red color with 2 large holes in the center of the blade. The pommel was a small, wicked spike.

With Asahi in hand, Bab and I broke cover and charged the cultists!

Compared to the last few battles Bab and I had, the cultist were easy to deal with. They weren't royal guards or ghouls. They were just regular humans with weapons. Most of them were taken out just by Bab’s shocks alone, and the few that weren’t, I dealt with.

“So, how do you think Eva’s doing?” I asked Bab. Not that I was particularly worried about Bab’s sister, but it did seem odd that we hadn’t seen her in so long.

Before Bab could answer, we saw two large men crash through the thick stone walls of the temple, a monstrous roar following in their wake.

“Sounds like she’s having fun.” Bab told me as she zapped another cultist.

###

On the other side of the temple, Blake was on the move and firing arrows into anyone that looked like a cultist. The job was simple. While Bab, Alex, and Eva distracted much of the cult, he was sneaking in and looking for the kidnapped prisoners being held here.

But he had scoured a third of the damn place and still couldn't find them anywhere.

“HEY! Intruder!” a cult member yelled as Blake was suddenly spotted.

“Fuck!” Blake cursed as he pulled back his bowstring as the men charged at him. But before he could fire, a minotaur came bursting through a wall, burying the cultists in rubble.

“RRRR AAAAAAAA!!!!!’ the minotaur roared. Then it turned to look at Blake and squealed. “Master!” The minotaur came running over and squatted down right in front of him. “Master! I took out a lot of the weird people!” the minotaur said proudly.

“Good girl Eva.” Blake rubbed the top of Eva’s minotaur head. “Have you seen any caged up people by any chance?”

“No…” Eva said with a sad expression as if letting Blake down. But she soon picked up. “B-but I might be able to find them!”

Eva grew excited as Blake looked at her in confusion before Eva started to transform.

Her body morphed into a very pale humanoid form with white long hair and unusually long arms. As soon as Blake saw this, his eyes went wide as he smashed a nearby window.

“COVER YOUR EARS!!!” Blake screamed.

“WHAT?” I yelled back, blocking an attack and kicking the cultist away as both Bab and I did as Blake said.

Suddenly I heard an ear wrenching screams ring out that it sent me to my knees!

Those that didn't head Blakes warning and didn't have some form of resistance were all knocked out by Eva’s banshee scream!

Back inside, Eva returned to her naked human form and ran over to Blake who was on his knees as well.

“Master! I found them! They are 2 floors below us in a hidden room!” Eva said happily.

“What!?” Blake asked as he couldn't hear anything Eva said.

Normally, even covering your ears beside a banshee would knock you out standing that close. Thankfully Blake’s and Eva’s connection helped soften that, but his ears were still ringing from it.

###

“What the hell was that?” I asked.

“Probably Eva not thinking things through again.” Bab said as she gave a sigh. “At least most of them are gone now.”

“I wouldn't be so sure.” I say as I look over and see 2 large carriages heading our way. “Looks like back up just got here.”

“Oh great.” Bab groaned.

###

Inside one of the carriages.

“What in the world is going on here!” a nobel men inside asked. “Is the holy ground really being attacked?”

“Holy ground? Do you really worship the white god here?” a woman asked.

“N-not exactly.” the man stammered to the woman he picked up off the side of the road earlier.

The woman had Blue hair and Blue eyes. She wore a lovely dress that one could not mistake for a royal dress.

“Well, it doesn't matter to me what someone like yourself decides to worship. Weather the twin gods that watch our world, or the made up ones of the other one. But, as you have shown me kindness in giving me a ride, let me help you with dealing with these barbarians who attack your holy ground.” the woman said as she steps out of the carige and pulls out a large staff with a large circle on top.

“W-wait, you can use magic?” the man asked as he saw what she did.

“Yes, now if you will excuse me, I shall wash away this trash.” the woman said as she charged into the battle.

He was completely shocked. He didn't expect the random person he picked up and was going to give to the cult was also a magic user!

The woman on the other had, was just glad for this opportunity. She wouldn't have any idea what she would have done if the man wanted her to pay for the ride! She was flat broke! Curse her father for dying and leaving everything to his fucking pet raccoon! Now she has no money and her title as a noble can only get her so far until people learn that she’s no longer one!

But that doesn't matter to her right now. She just needs to get rid of the people attacking the temple. If she was lucky she may even get a reward out of this on top of a free ride.

###

As i block a sword attack and punch the guy away i hear a very annoying voice yelled over to me.

“How dare you attack this holy land you barbarian!” I heard someone yell towards me as I turned to see a woman standing on top of a small hill. “Surrender now or prepare to face the daughter of the Glory family! Esmeralda Glory.....”

Before the woman could finish her speech, Eva bursts out of a window and transformed mid air into a wyvern and landed in front of me while flapping her winds to blow the annoying woman and a few colt members away.

In that same window, Blake fires an arrow into the sky that burst into flame and started changing colors.

“We found them!” Blake shouted down to me. “We just need to hold them off a bit longer!”

I was good with that. Most of the cult members could barely use a sword so dealing with them was easy. Especially when we have a fucking dragon on our side!

It wasn't even that long before even the reinforcements were taken out and Blake and I were just taking out the stranglers.

“Looks like were just about done here.” I say as I spot some guards and their carriages that Blake signaled too coming towards us to arrest the cultists.

“That was much easier than I thought.” Bab said as she comes closer towards me.

“Ya. I thought there would be more of them.” Blake commented.

“Well, at least it's…” suddenly Bab stopped speaking as something wrapped itself around her and yanked her back!

Blake and I spun around to see that same Blue haired woman, her hair and dress now dirtied after Eva blew her away, standing behind them.

“I now have one of your friends.” the woman said as she increased Bab’s head into a water bubble. “Now drop your weapons and surinder to the authorities or else.”

“Oh fuck.” i say as i look at her in total shock.

“That's right! If you don't want anything to happen to her, drop your weapons now!” the woman demanded.

“Oh, I'm not worried about her, I'm worried about you.” I tell the woman as I point at Bab.

As the woman turns to Bab,she sees a little girl with fury in her eyes as she holds her breath and holds out a hand charging with electricity.

In a flash, bab is dropped and is coughing while the now smocking woman falls on her face after being electrocuted.

“LIKE HELL I'M GOING TO BE DROWNED LIKE THAT AGAIN!” Bab screamed and kicked the woman before marching over to me now soaking wet.

“Well, at least you weren't thrown over a cliff this time.” I joke. She kicked in the shin for that one.

###

After about an hour, all the cult members we took out were rounded up and forced into carriages to be taken to the nearest town and arrested.

The people that were kidnapped were all freed and were being transported by a different carige.

Bab and i just stood back and watched.

The funniest thing was seeing the Blue haired woman being forced into the carige with the cult members.

“What do you mean I was aiding a cult?” the woman yelled. “I was trying to help protect a holy land! There is some misunderstanding here! I’m Esmeralda Glory!”

“Alex, the transports are almost finished loading up everyone.” Blake told me as he walked over with a now dressed Eva by his side.

“That was fun!” Eva told us excitedly. “When are we going to do that again!”

Blake just giggled a little.

“I'll see what we can do. But first we need to go back to town and get paid for our job.” Blake told her.

“I hope the pay is good.” I tell them “I was thinking of upgrading some of my gear soon.”

“Well, let's get going then.” Blake said and he and Eva start walking off.

I get ready to start following them when a small hand grabs my arm. When I turn, I can see Bab holding my arm but not looking at me with a slight blush on her face.

“Hay, Bab and I will catch up. I need to take a shit real fast.” I tell them.

“Fine, just don't take too long.” Blake called back without looking back.

“See you soon!” Eva called back and gave us a wave as they walked off.

“Ok, now that they are gone, let's get you out of your dirty diaper.” I tell Bab who nodes in agreement.

How long has it been since this became the norm for us? When we are alone bab will just tell me when she needs a change and when we are in public she is far too shy to tell me herself but it’s easy to pick up when she needs one.

Also, when we are in a spot where someone might see, Bab demands I take her somewhere a little more private to get her change.

For us, that was behind a small wall. One that I could still see over even when crouching, but would hide Bab while she is laying down.

As soon as Bab laid down, she pulled her skirt up for me so I could get to her diaper.

The diaper was sagy and had a yellow tinge. She definitely peed in it, but probably also got a bit of water sucked in from the water mage as well.

“Just get it over with. I hate soggy diapers.” Bab tells me as she turns to face away.

“You hate diapers in general.” I tell her as I pull out her diaper bag to get a fresh new diaper.

As I’m reaching for the tabs on Bab’s diaper, something catches my eye.

I turn to see a man sneaking around and keeping an eye out for anyone. As he starts looking in my direction I duck my head behind the wall.

“‘W-what is…?” Bab says before I cover her mouth.

“Shhhh. We missed a cultist.” I whisper to her and peek up.

The cult member didn't see us and started to walk away.

“let's go get him.” I say.

“W-wait, what about my change!?” Bab whispered back.

“You'll be fine just a few minutes longer.” I tell her as I put the diaper bag away. “Besides, a little diaper rash won't hurt you.”

It's true, with our fast healing, as long as Bab removes the diaper and stops the rash from spreading, her own healing will clear it up in roughly 5-20 minutes. Depending on how bad it is.

“Y-ya, but it still sucks.” Bab said with a small pout as I help her up and the two of us began sneaking to were the man was.

Now, I would have just had Bab shock him and then have her make a bolt of lightning to get Blake's attention to come back and get this guy. But since we missed one, I wanted to see if he would lead us to a few more we missed.

As we sneak behind him, we watch as he goes behind a small shed on the western side of the temple. From there, he looks around to see if someone was watching him and luckily didn't see us. Then he reached down and pulled up a secret door built into the ground.

“Looks like we might have found something interesting.” I whisper to Bab as the man disappears under the door and shuts it.

Without wasting any time, Bab and I rush over to take a look.

From where I was, you could not see the door as it looked like regular grass. It wasn't until Bab managed to find the handle that we were able to open the door to a secret underground tunnel.

“Should we call for backup?” I asked Bab.

“I think we can handle it.” Bab tells me with a smile.

Hell, considering the fight before, it shouldn't be hard to take out a few members that were hiding.

As Bab and I go into the tunnel, I can hear faint yelling coming from further inside.

The tunnel was long and curved in many ways as we made our way further down. As we were making our way to the end of the tunnel I could hear the yelling growing louder and louder.

“ENOUGH!” someone shouted. “We knew this was coming, which is why we prepared for it.”

“What are you talking about!” another shouted. “We just lost a third of our brothers because they were not told of this meeting!”

“They were a necessary sacrifice!” the first man shouted. “Had we all been together we would have all been captured! They only knew of our location but not our numbers! With their sacrifice, it has bought us enough time!”

“Time?” I asked Bab as we reached the end of the tunnel and were shocked to see a large open room.

The room was about 2 floors tall. On the bottom floor was a large group of men, easily twice the size of the cult members we took care of. All of them surrounding a large white and black spotted crystal that looked like a Y. it also looked like someone smashed 2 different crystals and was doing a poor job putting it back together.

On the second floor were supports helping to hold the strange crystal up.

We were in between both floors on a stairwell leading down or up.

“What the hell?” I mumble to myself.

“The time has come!” a Man standing slightly above the crystal shouted. “We have finally found the missing piece we need to complete the making of a new god!”

Suddenly the cult roared in excitement.

“For to long has this world has been ruled by the Black god and the white god! Forcing us into a never-ending battle but does not respond to us when we ask for help! The only thing we have of their power is that of the summoning crystals!” the man shouted.

“But no longer! These crystals are the gods power brought into our world! And by fusing them together we shall create a new god! One that will serve us humans and be our savior in this war between the two gods!” the man shouted to everyone. “With this new god, we will bring forth a new utopia! And we will be this new god's angels!”

“Intruders!” someone from below shouted as we were finally spotted and everyone turned towards Bab and I.

“Well, this isn't good.” I say as I pull out my sword.

“Get them! They should be our sacrifice to the new god!” the cult leader shouted as the room exploded with yelling and cries.

I grab Bab and turn to leave through the path we came, but a metal door slammed down and trapped us inside.

“Ice wall!” I shout as I create an ice wall to the stairs leading down as Bab and i start running up.

As soon as we reach the top, 3 men with wind magic leap from below and block us. 2 of them were shocked by Bab as I charge at the third and cut him down.

“Aim for the leader!” I yell to Bab.

In a swarm situation, better to take out the leader. Without them, most of the underling will have no idea what to do and would give us a much better chance of taking them out.

Bab takes aim and fires off electricity, but a pillar of ice protects the cult leader.

As more people start to make their way towards us, Bab runs after the cult leader while I hold everyone back as best I can.

As soon as Bab gets close to the leader, he is fumbling around on the crystal and trying to fit a broken shards into the bigger piece. But Bab shocks him and has him fall off the crystal and drop the shards he was holding. One of them, falling loosely into the hole the cult leader was trying to fill.

“Good work!” I yelled as I look back at Bab for just a moment before I’m punched and tackled by 5 cultists and pinned to the ground.

“Alex!” Bab screams as she’s about to run towards me, but is blown back by a wind magic user.

“BAB!” I scream out as she is blown off the third floor platform and falls off screaming. “ICE BURST!”

Using a large chunk of magic, I shove off the people on top of me and rush over to where Bab was and peer over the ledge and see her sitting on top of the Y shaped crystal.

“T-that was close” Bab said as she looked at me with a nervous smile.

I let out a happy sigh as I reach over to try to grab her but is not far enough. Bab tried to scoot closer to me and reach out her hand as well. As she did, we heard a small click sound and the crystal under Bab’s bottom began to glow.

“That’s not good.” I comment trying to reach just a little farther and managed to just barely grab Bab and yanked her over.

All of the cults still around stood in awe as the strange crystal seemed to come alive as it began to rise off the ground and began spinning!

“What's going on?” I asked Bab.

“No idea, but I think it's summoning something!” Bab says as we can do nothing but watch as flash of light engulfs the room.

When the light finally subsides, I can see people standing in front of the crystal. All of them looking very confused as to what was happening.

That confusion turned to screams as Bab and I felt the floor beneath us rise until a giant monsters head broke through the floor and roared.

Part 2

“Bab!” I yelled.

“on it!” bab screamed as she blasted the big monster’s head as I carried her and jumped over the platform down and landed near the people summoned to this world by the crystal just as I was.

“Stay behind me!” I commanded them as I dropped Bab next to me and looked back at the giant monster as the rest of the cult were yelling and screaming as other monsters were attacking everyone!

I looked behind me and got a good look at the people who were summoned:

There was a tall guy wearing a suit and tie holding a scared blond woman's hand. Next to them was a roughly 16-year-old teen that was very scrawny wearing pajamas and was holding something pink in his hand. Beside him was a woman with long brown hair wearing a ridiculous blue and purple outfit, and beside her was a tall woman with big breasts and wearing a nice suit and standing next to who I presume to be her daughter dressed in a blue party dress.

“What the hell is going on here?” the tall guy with brown hair was yelling.

“Quick explanation: You've been summoned here by that crystal and I'm guessing so we're those monsters!” I quickly tell them. “ Now unless you want to get hurt, stay behind…”

I didn't get to finish as a giant wolf-like monster lunged at me and knocked me down in the middle of the crowd, causing them to start yelling as the monster opened its mouth and sprayed a thick dark cloud around us.

I could hear yelling as everyone scrambled around, all trying to get away.

“ice breath!” I yelled as I began freezing the monster’s head in a block of ice before being able to toss it off of me.

“Pardie? Pardie where did you go?” I heard someone ask.

“Julia? Julia!” the same guy from earlier yelled out.

“why do I always get the shit jobs!” the woman with the big breast yelled. “Brat, get us out of here! Kristine?”

I was finally able to get out of the black cloud and see a lot of the cult members trying to get out through the now-open tunnel and another one I didn't see before.

They were also followed by 2 of the monsters from earlier chasing them.

The giant monster seemed to have tunneled it’s way out during the confusion, and the only one left was the one I froze. But after looking back at it, it seemed to have clawed chunks of ice off its head and was getting ready to attack again

“Bab, shock the wolf-thing!” I yelled but got no reply. “Bab?”

I looked behind me and noticed Bab and a few other people were now gone.

“Where the hell did she go?” I yelled out in shock as the wolf monster shattered the ice around its head and roared.

###

Meanwhile in a nearby clearing in the forest, 3 girls appeared out of nowhere and landed on the ground on top of each other.

“w-what j-just happened?” the blond-haired woman asked as she searched around. “Lucus? Angel Hunter? Where are you?”

“Wyj oxx qy!” Bab yelled under the two girls and shocked them.

Both leaping up and off of bab.

“Jethuth, that hurt! Wait, are you a part of a magical girl team?” the pre-teen girl in a baby blue, child’s party dress asked as she stared at Bab who was still on the ground.

“Gvcj cly eoi jcrsupw cboij?” Bab asked as she looked up at the girl and started to blush as Bab began staring at the obvious diaper she was wearing.

“H-hey! Thtop thtaring!” the girl lisped as she tried to cover her diaper with her dress to no avail.

“W-where are we?” the blond woman asked, not paying attention to what was going on. “Whats happening?”

“That guy from earlier thaid we were thummoned here by a crystal. Tac, do you know anything about...” the young girl looked around. “Tac?”

As she looked around, she realized her companion wasn't with her anymore.

“Oh fuck!” she yelled as she grabbed her pigtails. “I fowgot Tac! I need to go back and get her!

The girl then closed her eyes and looked like she was trying to concentrate, but as she opened her eyes, she was slightly confused.

“thtrange, nowmally that works.” the girl said aloud then remembered something. “Maybe Gorgeouth could help!”

Once again, she closed her eyes and tried to concentrate but opened her eyes to the same scenery.

“What are you doing little girl?” the blond woman asked.

“My name is Kwithtine, and I’m twying to get back to my annoying cat.” Kristine said as she got a little frustrated her powers weren't working for some reason.

That's when Kristine thought of something and looked at a tree and teleported right to it. Shocking both Bab and the blond woman.

The blond woman was a bit startled, but not nearly as much as Bab who just sat there in shock. She’s never seen magic like that before, and definitely not from someone who just came from the other world. But was she from the other world? That crystal was a bit different from the others and not only summoned a whole group, but also monsters as well. Could it be…

Suddenly, Bab felt a strange movement from under her butt and sat up. She blushed as she saw what she was sitting on. A pink diaper with the word Princess on the front of it.

(I will edit Bab’s dialogue past this point later)

Kristine teleported back “My magic ith working fine. Tho… What’s that?” she pointed at the object in Bab's hand.

“<<It’s not mine!>>” Bab told the girl as she shook her head.

“What language is she speaking?” the blond woman asked.

“Damned if I know.”

“Right, you can't understand me… fucking hell this will get annoying.” Bab said as she tried to think of a way to communicate easier

“That sounded angry.”

“Do you think she can understand what we're thaying”

“I… think so?” The blond woman clears her throat. “LITTLE GIRL! CAN YOU UNDERSTAND US?” She says slowly and loudly.

Bab was a bit annoyed but was very much use to people thinking similarly. She just rolled her eyes and nodded. If she could use her hands she might have also added a jester if she could.

Kristine turned to the blond woman “What's your name, anyway?”

“Oh! Sorry, how rude of me.” she straightens up a little “My name is Julia.”

“Well Juwia, I-” before she could finish her sentence she suddenly clutched her stomach as it made an audible and ominous gurgle. “Fuck! Be wight back!” She teleported behind a tree about thirty yards away.

It took Bab and Julia a moment to put the pieces together. But when they did it caused both girls to blush.

“So umm… what's your name, little girl?”

“My name? Its Bab” Bab told the woman.

“Wow. That's an unusual name!”

“What? No that's…. You know what, forget it. I'll have Alex translate later.” Bab said to herself slightly annoyed by the situation she was in and was wondering what Alex was doing right now?

###

Once the smoke cleared I finally got a good look at the wolf-monster.

It was about 15-feet long, not including its tail which was extremely long with a huge arrowhead-looking barb on the end of it like a demon’s tail. It had greyish-black fur with some light-blue markings in certain places.

It let out a bark before it started charging at me!

I didn't have time to dodge, so braced myself to take the blow. But when it was still in the air a sudden blast of green energy hit the creature, knocking it off course.

The source of the green energy was the blue and purple girl which I now noticed was wearing an insanely thick pink diaper.

Wait, why was she wearing a diaper!?

Despite her enormous diaper the girl moved surprisingly fast and in a matter of seconds she was standing by my side. “Are you alright?”

“Wait, what? Who, how?” I started to ask as more and more questions piled up but a certain growling caught our attention.

Her attention turned back towards the creature who was now charging at us. The girl shot another blast of energy at it, but it sidestepped mid-sprint and closed the distance between us, headbutting the girl and sending her flying back.

I used the opening to rush forward and and Slash at the monsters side. The blade sunk in at least a few inches and the wolf yelped and staggered to the side. Then I saw its tail whip around and barely had enough time to swat it away with my sword.

This unfortunately gave the monster a chance to retaliate with its powerful jaws. I'm sure it could've taken my head off in a single bite, but instead it grabbed my sword between its teeth, yanked it out of my hand and threw it across the chamber!

Not. Good.

“ICE BREATH!” As if it remember what happened last time I said that it recoiled slightly, but I wasn't aiming at the wolf. I'd been practicing making my ice gauntlets to where it only takes me a few seconds now. Once the ice was solid I smashed my fists together. “Alright, come at me motherfuaaAAAAHH!” While I was taunting the monster its tail suddenly coiled around my legs and yanked me off the ground.

Shit.

Next thing I knew I was being dangled upside-down in front of the wolf’s snarling face. I tried to punch it, but it held me just out of reach. But just when it was about to chomp my face off another blast of red fire scorched the side of its face.

The tall man in the suit was running towards us, holding a gleaming white sword. And as he got closer I could see his eyes were almost glowing red.

“I'm gonna send you back to hell’s dog pound in little tiny pieces!”

It dropped me and turned its attention towards the guy, who dodged its jaws and slashed it across the face. As fast as the wolf was, this dude was even faster! I haven't seen anyone move like him since we fought the vampires! And if that wasn't enough I saw a purple and blue figure leap up into the air and rain green energy blasts on the creature. I was just getting up to charge at the creature while it was distracted when it suddenly leapt towards the center of the room and the blue markings started to glow.

“That can't be good.” I said.

Before anyone else could say anything a cloud of black smoke began pouring out of its mouth, quickly filling the room. The fog stung my eyes slightly and I couldn’t see much more than 3 feet in front of me.

And if that wasn't bad enough, it smelled like dog breath.

“I can't see it!” said a female voice.

“It's going to try to pick us off one by one. Stay close together.” came the man’s voice.

I didn't need to be told twice. I ran towards the man's voice and the three of us went back to back to back.

“Ok, who the fuck are you people and how do you have powers if you were just summoned here?” I quickly asked as I wanted answers.

“I'm Lily,” the diaper girl said. “And umm, I guess maybe because I already had powers before I got here?”

“I’m Lucas.” the man said. “And now is not the time for questions.”

I ignored him “What do you mean you already had powers? There's no such thing as superpowers on earth!”

“That’s what I thought too-AAAHHH!” She screamed as the monster’s tail wrapped around her legs and began dragging her away from us.

But before it could drag her out of our sight Lucas shot a stream of flame in the direction it was taking her. Sure enough the flames hit their mark and also illuminated the area enough to see the monster.

Which also gave me an opening to try a new spell I'd been working on.

“ICE SPIKE!” I yelled as I slammed my fist on the ground, causing a sharp spike made of solid ice to shoot out of the ground directly under the creature.

I hoped.

A beastial yelp of pain came from the direction of the creature and Lily stopped being pulled towards it.

Lucas helped her back to her feet since my hands were still encased in ice. “Are you okay?”

“Y-yeah, I think so.”

By now the smoke was clearing and we saw the wolf about 30 feet away. It had a few cuts and gashes, but otherwise looked just as strong as ever.

“We need to cut off its tail.” Lucas said.

“Great idea. How?” I asked.

“You two try to keep it busy and I'll go for the tail. Think you can manage that?”

“I guess we'll have to.” Lily said.

“Im getting low on energy, but I got one trick left. We just need to kill it within the next 5 minutes or I’m useless. FIGHTER’S SOUL!” I felt the rush of adrenaline running through my body as I charged at the monster.

Both lily and Lucas flanked and began firing energy blasts too keep it in one spot for me.

That was all the opening I needed.

My icy fist crashed down on its nose, eliciting a whimper. It took a swipe at me but with my enhanced strength I was able to bat its paw away and punch it in the face. My Fighter’s Soul ability wasn't gonna last long and if it wore out before we killed this thing I was pretty much fucked.

Unfortunately Lucas was having a pretty hard time in his end. He was counting on my frontal assault to distract the monster leaving its rear undefended. But either it was VERY good at multitasking or its tail had a mind of its own because as soon as he started to close in the tail came to life and started whipping around, jabbing, thrusting, and slashing at him with enough speed and force that it took all of his might just to parry its blows. It's entire tail was covered in an almost metal-like protective layer except at the base. But he just couldn't get in close enough to reach it and any attempt to do so rewarded him with a deep cut or gash from the razor-sharp barb.

Meanwhile I wasn’t doing so hot. My punches were definitely hurting it, but also kinda just pissing it off causing it to attack more fiercely. And if that wasn't bad enough the ice around my arms was starting to crack. “HURRY THE HELL UP!”

“I'm… trying!” but all his effort had gotten him were several cuts and minor to moderate wounds. Lily had apparently exhausted her magic and was doubled over trying to catch her breath, powerless to do anything.

It wasn't looking good for us.

But then suddenly as Lucas was defending against an onslaught of tail strikes the tail flopped on the ground motionless and the monster let out a howl of pain.

Standing right behind the monster, clutching MY sword in his hands, was a teenage boy in pajamas I saw earlier. While we were all keeping it busy he managed to cut off the monster’s tail! “Ha! I got him!”

“GOOD JOB, KID!” I yell smashing both my fists on the beasts head, shattering my ice gauntlets. I grabbed the beast’s jaws and pried its mouth open and with the last of my magic I used Ice Breath to freeze a solid block of ice in its throat and mouth. And while I couldn’t be sure whether that had been what ultimately killed it or if it had been something Lucas or the Boy had done, the monster collapsed and I felt incredibly satisfied at my finishing blow.

And not a moment too soon because Fighters soul had just ended and I felt the extreme drawback of it as I fell on my ass exhausted and panting.

But apparently there was no time to celebrate because Lucas looked off towards the exit “I need to go find Julia.”

I was still catching my breath. “How… will you… find her?”

“I am tied to her spirit and can sense her location a few miles to the east. It will be fastest if I go alone.”

Suddenly he started shaking like crazy and before I could ask what was going on he stumbled backwards and collapsed on the ground gasping worse than I was.

“Uhh, are you okay?” I asked.

He slowly propped himself up on his elbows and I noticed his eyes were no longer red. “Y-yeah… I can explain… but first can I have some water?”

I was about to fish my canteen out of Storage when I heard a feminine voice behind me. “Well you certainly took your sweet time.” I turned around to see the busty woman in the black suit standing there.

“WELL YOU COULD'VE HELPED, YOU KNOW!” I shouted at her.

“You looked like you had everything under control and I wouldn't want to get my paws dirty for nothing. Now, have any of you seen or smelled my Nursery Knight around her?”

###

After disappearing behind the tree, Kristine took a glance and made sure she wasn't being watched before closing her eyes and summoning her diaper bag. One that sadly had everything she needed to change a diaper. Including one thing that was surprisingly helpful in changing her. A little teddy bear named Mr. Bear.

“So…” Julia began in an attempt to break the awkward silence but only succeeded in making things even more awkward as she couldn't think of anything to say to a girl who couldn't talk.

Bab sighed before blushing as she felt her diaper suddenly grow warm and she remembered that Alex never got a chance to change her soaked diaper. “<<Dammit, where's Alex when I need him?>>” her face suddenly paled in terror as she felt pee leaking out of her diaper. “<<No no no no no!>>”

“What's wrong, Bab… Oh.” Julia’s eyes fell to the urine dribbling down Bab’s leg.

Bab was mortified. It was bad enough when a stranger saw her diapers, but to see her in a LEAKY diaper? That was ten times worse. Bab’s lip quivered and she felt tears forming in her eyes.

Julia saw the small girl’s distress and kneeled down in front of her. “Hey now, it's okay. There's nothing to be embarrassed about. Here, I'll prove it.”

Bab’s slightly-teary eyes went wide as Julia undid the top button of her jeans to reveal she was wearing a diaper underneath too! “I sometimes have trouble controlling my bladder just like you and Kristine.”

Bab was in shock. This woman just admitted wearing a diaper to a practical stranger and she wasn't even blushing! Like this was the most normal thing in the world!

Julia picked up the pink princess diaper and handed it to Bab. “Can you handle this on your own or do you need help?”

Bab shook her head vigorously “<<Hell no! I'd rather spend all day in a dirty diaper waiting for Alex than be changed by a stranger!>>”

“So… is that a yes or-”

“MITHTER BEAR! COME BACK!” Kristine shouted, drawing Bab and Julia’s attention to the 7-foot tall teddy bear moving towards them.

Both girls screamed at the uncanny sight of a giant stuffed animal sprinting towards them with the speed if a cheetah!

Julia, even though she wasn't bonded to Angel Hunter right now, had developed some of the demon’s instincts and moved in front of Bab to protect her. When the giant teddy bear came close Julia lunged forward to punch the bear in the face.

It felt like you'd expect punching a teddy bear would feel like. Her fist sunk into the soft material leaving the bear unharmed. She followed up with a couple of body shots and a knee to the groin before the bear finally grabbed her wrists, eliciting a whimper from the woman as she realized how powerless she was against this creature.

Bab shot a lightning bolt at the bear, to no effect.

By now Kristine had reached them and was yelling at the bear Bab & Julia had wrongfully assumed to be a monster. “Mithter Bear, what are you doing!?”

As if in answer, the bear wrestled Julia down to the ground and somehow started removing her pants with his bear paws and exposing the yellowed, wet diaper underneath causing the blond girl to scream “HELP!!!”

Bab tried shooting more lightning at the plushie foe but all it got her was a glare from Mr. Bear that sent a shiver down her spine.

Kristine stepped between Mr. Bear and Bab. “I’m thorry, he’th jutht twying to help! I can't thtop him!”

Julia yelped as all her kicking and fighting caused Mr. Bear to give her a hard smack on her butt.

“Don't fight him!” Kristine pleaded “bewieve me, you don't want a thpanking fwom Mithter Bear!”

Julia stopped fighting and just covered her face with her hands, letting it happen. This wasn't the first time she'd been helplessly diapered by a stranger, although the teddy bear was certainly a new experience. Still, it brought back a lot of memories, some of them not so pleasant. That combined with the utter embarrassment and humiliation of this whole ordeal caused her to start sobbing softly.

Bab wanted to look away, if only to spare Julia the extra embarrassment. But she just couldn't look away. It was like watching a disaster unfold in front of her eyes. “Jvuk uk ko xiasyz in!”

Kristine may not have understood the words Bab said, but she gathered the general gist from her tone and the look on her face. “I'm tho thorry. I've never theen him do thith to thomeone elthe before.”

Mercifully the change only took about 15 seconds after Julia stopped fighting thanks to Mr. Bear’s super speed. He taped her into one of Kristine's diapers which were a bit thicker and much more babyish than Julia’s.

Then Mr. Bear looked at Bab.

“Po po po po po po! Eoi kjce cgce xloq qy!” Bab dropped the pink diaper and tried to run away, but even if she hadn't been slowed down by the sodden diaper sagging between her legs, there was no chance of out running the magical teddy bear and she screamed as she felt herself being lifted off the ground and placed her back on top of a large, flat rock.

As soon as it did, unleashed a torrent of electricity at the creature, but apart from a burnt-fabric smell filling the air it didn't seem to have much effect.

It was then that Bab saw, to her horror, that Mister Bear had picked up the pink princess diaper she had dropped while trying to run away.

“Gcuj! Jvcj'k poj yhyp qupy!” Bab tried to protest, but even if the Bear could understand her it probably wouldn't have listened.

On the bright side Kristine was busy helping Julia so neither of them were paying attention to Bab.

The Bear made quick work of removing Bab’s wet shoes, socks, skirt and finally her sodden diaper, wiping her down with lightning-fast speed before adding a dash of baby powder and sliding the pink diaper under her butt before taping it onto her waist.

The moment the diaper was taped on, it seemed to explode in a cloud of mysterious pink smoke, causing Bab to scream in surprise and drawing the attention of Julia and Kristine.

And what they saw nearly made their eyes pop out of their heads.

Bab’s blond hair had turned bubblegum pink with a pretty red bow in it. Her shirt had also turned pink with red ribbons forming a sort of vest. The frilly pink skirt which materialized around her waist did absolutely nothing to hide her diaper. And the whole ensemble ended in knee-length white socks and black Mary Janes.

Bab looked down at herself, grimacing in disgust at the extremely-girly outfit. “What the hell just happened?”

Both the other girls gasped causing Bab to look up at them in confusion.

“Y-you just spoke English!” Julia exclaimed.

“Huh? What are you talking about of course I speak english. But what's going on with my…” Bab froze as she realized the words she just said “Wait, you can understand me!?”

Both girls nodded.

“That… that shouldn't be possible!” Bab muttered in complete shock.

But before Bab could process anything an unfamiliar voice spoke “Huh. Well this is new.”

All three girls looked around, wondering where that voice came from.

“Down here, Princess.” Bab’s diaper suddenly inflated itself, nearly sending her falling on her butt before deflating again.

“D-did that diaper just talk?” Julia asked.

“That is correct.” the diaper answered.

There was a moment of stunned silence.

“What. The. Fu-” Bab began to say before Mr. Bear put a paw to her lips, silencing her.

“Sowwy,” Kristine said “He doethn’t wike thwearing.” She clears her throat. “Tank you, Mithter Bear. I wuv you!” The giant teddy bear suddenly shrinks down to normal size before Kristine scoops it up and summons a diaper bag, placing him inside.

“My apologies, Princess.” the diaper said “I am Pardie. And I am as confused as you are.”

“What’s going on! Why am I dressed in this ridiculous outfit! And how is a diaper talking!” Bab yelled out in utter confusion.

“Those who dawn me become the Princess and guardian of Dreamland; A world where dreams and nightmares reside.” the diaper told the 3 confused ladies. “However, despite you now waring me, you should not be able to become the Princess.”

“I don't want to become some princess of anything! I just want to know how you are doing this and why my curses are gone!” Bab said as she then started to realize what that meant for her.

“My magic gives my Princess the powers needed to fight the nightmares.” Pardie told them. “It is my hypothesis that this world's magic is interfering with my magic and therefore allowing you to become the Princess.”

Kristine sighs “Magic ith tho much more confuthing than Law Thchool.”

“Aren't you, like, 12?” Julia asked, but the question was ignored.

“Okay, okay. Let's just say you are right. And that your magic is somehow being affected. How do you even have magic? The other world shouldn't have magic.” Bab commented.

“Wait, but we have pwenty of Magical Girlth. And magic ith vewy common.” Kristine replied not knowing what Bab was talking about.

To say Julia was shocked by such a revelation would be an understatement. She turned to Kristine “Wait, there's no Magical Girls where I'm from. That's only in anime.”

Bab was finally starting to put the pieces together.

“Could there be more than one ‘other’ world?” Bab wondered aloud. “Kristine, you obviously have some pretty powerful magic. Could you do all this stuff before you were summoned here?”

“Yeth.”

“And Julia, did you have magic powers too?”

“No. But I kinda do when I'm with Angel Hunter.”

“Who's Angel… never mind, we'll get back to that. So if you two had magic before you came here, that must mean the Crystal summoned you from a different version of Earth than the one Alex is from! Is that even possible?”

Julia was completely lost, but Kristine seemed to be following along at least a little bit. “Wets athume that it ith pothible. How do we get home?”

“Normally you could use one of the Crystals to go back. But it would take a LOT of magic…” but Bab was interrupted before she could finish

“I'll try anything at this point.” Julia said. “Where is the Crystal?”

“I’m… not sure. I don't even know how we got here in this forest.”

Kristine raises her hand “That wath pwobably my fault. I can teweport and when that monthter filled the woom with thmoke I kinda panicked. In the commotion, I thought Tac fell on me and I wanted uth to get out of there.” Kristine explained. “But I don't know why I can't go back?”

Pardie spoke up “My hypothesis is that all magic not native to this world is being affected and not working right. It might also be that my magic is suppressing Princess’s curse in some way.”

“Wait, does this mean I could finally stop using diapers again!” Bab said as a smile started to form. “I might even be able to look older!”

Julia gave a giggle. “I don't think you'll look older wearing something like that, sweetie.”

Bab looked back down at her outfit and realized that Pardie was the reason her curses were being repressed and she would still look like an oversized toddler. “Fuck me…”

Both Julia and Kristine giggled at Bab’s displeasure before getting serious once more.

“Anyway, which way should we go to get back to the others?” Julia asked when Suddenly Julia gasped and doubled over, her body shaking as if she were having a seizure.

Bab and Kristine both leapt back in surprise.

“Julia!? What's wrong!?” bab asked.

But by then Julia had stopped shaking and stood up straight. Her expression had changed into a more serious one, but more noticeably her eye color changed from their normal sky blue to a deep blood-red. “We are united once again.”

Kristine’s body tensed. This situation did not feel right to her. “The fuck ith that thupposed to mean?”

“I will make this fast, as time is rather short: I have been reunited with Angel Hunter, but more importantly there is a monster heading our way.” She said before Pointing towards a cliff.

They all heard it before it came into view; a loud buzzing sort of sound. Then it crested over the trees: A gigantic wasp the size of an elephant! Its yellow and black-striped body all too familiar to anyone who’d ever been stung before.

“Not the best time!” Bab yelled as she stretched out her hand, but nothing happened. Bab stretched out her arm again to fire off her lightning but none came out.

“What's goin…” but before she could answer the Wasp tried to spray Bab and Julia with some sort of glue-like goop from its stinger. But thankfully the girls leaped out of the way.

“I've got thith!” Kristine said before teleporting up above the Wasp, summoning a giant rattle to crush the monster’s skull.

But the bee darted back before smashing into Kristine with its head and sending her falling to the ground.

“What type of bee is that!?” Bab asked as she tried blasting again. “And why isn't my magic working!”

“Observation implies that I am not only suppressing your curses, but also your own magic.” Pardie told Bab. “should you remove me you should be able to use your magic once more.”

For once, Bab was conflicted on taking the diaper off. Part of her wanted to keep it on and remove the curse, and the other wanted her magic.

“LOOK OUT!” Kristine yelled as she tackled Bab away as the Bee zoomed at them. After missing them, it spun around and sprayed its goo at them.

Kristine teleported away just in time to not get hit, but realized too late that she wasn't touching Bab who got hit with the goo! Pinning her arm to the ground.

Seeing its pray helpless, the wasp shot down with this stinger ready to pierce its meal! But instead of piercing flesh, it collided with a sword!

“You shall not harm this young one, beast.” Julia said while holding a white sword and blocking the wasps stinger with it. “Now begone!”

Julia shot a burst of flames from her sword at the wasp, forcing it away and readying herself for battle as the wasp made sporadic flying movements as if it were a hummingbird.

But as fast as the monster was, Julia was even faster. Her reaction speeds were superhuman allowing her to narrowly dodge its stinger and countering with lightning-fast slashes and thrusts. But for all the hits she dealt to the beast it didn't show any signs of weakening. In fact all her strikes seemed to do was make the gargantuan hornet angrier and its attacks became faster and more ferocious and when the angry wasp found that its stinger couldn't hit her it smacked Julia with one of its long legs hard enough to knock her off her feet.

Julia was only saved by Kristine teleporting in front of her and smacking the wasp with enough force to send it careening into a nearby tree. The tree cracked and bent, but the wasp looked a little worse for wear.

“Thith thing’th a pain in the ath.” Kristine lisped.

“It is unlike any foe I've ever fought.” Julia said before the wasp flew towards them again.

But instead of attacking them it went straight past them and disappeared over the tree line.

“Strange.”

“Where ith it going-”

Before she could finish asking the question they heard screaming from the direction the wasp left in.

Julia and Kristine needed no further incentive to chase after the beast. Kristine teleported up into the sky so that she could find the creature and Julia actually flew over the treeline on invisible wings, transforming her short sword into something that would hopefully be a bit more effective...

Unfortunately, Bab was still stuck to the ground. “Umm, Kristine? Julia? A little help would be nice!” But no one responded. "Fucking great. Any ideas on how to get unstuck?"

"Not at the moment Princess" Pardie replied.

Bab let out a sigh as she tried magic once more but failed. Then something moving caught her eye, and she had a shiver run down her spine as a slime approached.

Bab began tugging at the goop trying to get away as she slime got closer and she nearly screamed as it got on her goop covered arm.

"Hypothesis: if this world's slime are like dreamland's then they will be attracted to sweet or smelly sources of food. It could eat away at the goop to free you."

As sweat poured down Bab's face, all she could think of was that she didn't care just as long as it stayed out of her diaper!

###

“I demand you release me at once! I am Lady Esmeralda Glory!” the finely-dressed woman shackled inside the prisoner transport yelled.

“Yes yes, I heard you the twelfth time.” Blake said rolling his eyes “For Willa’s sake will you please shut up? If you are nobility we can figure that out at the next town.”

“this is an outrage! You should be begging my forgiveness right now! Rest assured there will be consequences for this… this… Impunity!”

“Is that even a word, Master?” Eva asked from atop the cart.

“Yes, but I don't think it means what she thinks it means.” he chuckled.

“INSUFFERABLE WRETCHES!” Esmeralda screamed. “I will make you all rue the day you trifled with Esmeralda Glory!”

Blake breathed a heavy, exhausted sigh. “One more threat or demand out of you, and you'll be gagged for the rest of the trip. Do you understand, Miss Glory?”

She gasped in shock at the threat, but decided that shutting up would be most beneficial to her right now. Taking a seat back down next to the cult members who were also looking a bit annoyed at her.

“Good choice.” Blake said, turning his attention back to the road.

“Master, do you hear something?” Eva asked.

“Like what? Wait… what's that buzzing noise?”

No sooner had he asked the question than a giant wasp appeared over the treeline heading straight for them causing all the prisoners in the cart to shriek in fear.

“Umm, Eva? Can you-” Blake said as he quickly tried to stop the carriage of prisoners.

“On it, Master!” Eva interrupted before jumping off the carriage and sprinting towards the bee. When she was about twenty feet away from the monster she

Leaped into the air. her clothes ripped off once more as she turned into a large Praying Mantis, shocking even the giant wasp as Eva’s Scythe-like arms slammed down on top of it and crashing it into the ground below.

Unfortunately she was not prepared when a jet of flame came shooting out of the hornet’s mouth! She screeched in pain which gave the wasp the opportunity to jab her in the chest with its stinger, pumping her with venom.

Thankfully it was knocked loose by a blast of compressed air delivered by a magically-imbued arrow from Blake. “Eva!”

“I'm okay, Master!” She tried to take another swipe at the bee as it flew past her towards Blake, but missed. “Master! Watch out!”

He shot another arrow at the wasp to little effect and used his wind magic to jump out of the way when it reached him. But the bee seemed more interested in the carriages full of cultists as it knocked it over and started tearing it apart. Another wind-blast from Blake’s arrow dislodged it again, but not before it tore the roof off the carriage and the cultists went running as best they could with their shackled hands and feet.

In response to this, the wasp quickly darted towards Blake who just barely managed to leap out of the way. He tried to draw another arrow, but the wasp was just too fast and kept forcing him to dodge using his rapidly-dwindling pool of magic. Once that ran out he wouldn't stand a chance.

By now Eva had caught back up with the wasp and made a lunge at it, but the monstrous insect dodged out of the way and breathed fire at her again. She covered her face with her arm this time which unfortunately left her vulnerable to another stinger attack.

“NO!” Blake yelled as he changed all his remaining magic into an arrow and fired it at the wasp, blasting it with enough wind to knock it into the cart thirty feet away.

Eva stumbled a bit and slumped over. “I don't feel so good, Master.”

“Just don't shift back. You probably have enough venom in you to kill anything human-sized.”

By now the wasp had gotten back up and was looking very angry at the two of them before unleashing a torrent of flame again. Eva grabbed Blake with her mantis claws and attempted to shield him from the flames.

But neither of them felt the heat as a water bubble had enveloped them. They both looked over and saw Esmeralda about 20 feet away with her hands outstretched towards them.

“I told you I was here to protect the holy land! And if this vile creature threatens that place then it shall feel the wrath of Esmeralda Glory!” with a wave of her hand, water bubbles appeared and shot towards the wasp. The attack wasn't strong, but with the wasp's wings soaked it wouldn't be able to get away. “Now kill it!”

With its mobility greatly reduced, Blake shot it in the eye with an arrow. It hissed in pain and began crawling towards them furiously.

Eva, as woozy as she was, readied herself to fight. But when it was about halfway towards them something a little girl Appeared right in front of it and smashed the wasps head into the ground. Before Blake could even wonder what was happening, a woman fell out of the sky with a blazing spear and pierced the Wasps back!

For a moment, the wasp stopped moving.

“Did that finally kill it?” the little girl who smashed the wasps head asked.

Before they got their answer, the Wasp jerked and caused the woman on top to lose her balance and fall off. The wasp was pinned down by the spear but not yet dead.

“Why won't thith thing die!” the little girl lisped before a large shadow appeared over her. She turned and finally noticed Eva and screamed! She leapt away from the giant mantis, but Eva didn't pay her any mind.

Instead, Eve grabbed onto the wasps head as hard as she could and took one large bite out of its head. Finally killing it once and for all.

“Great, another monster!” the woman who fell off yelled as she leapt up and freed her spear from the wasp, ready to fight the new threat. But Blake shot an arrow at the woman's feet.

“Don't you touch her!” Blake yelled as he wondered just what the hell was happening.

The woman studied the man for a moment, then the mantis, before causing her spear to disappear. “Apologies. Insects don't have souls in the world I'm from.”

“So you're a hero from the other world then?”

“We're still trying to sort that out.”

Part 3

###

I decided to take the time to fill everybody in on what was going on, now that we weren't fighting for our lives as we made our way to the surface. I explained that they had all been pulled into this world where magic was real, half expecting them to freak out like I did when I first arrived.

But they surprised me when they weren fazed by any of this.

Tac, the beautiful woman with large breast, was a Cat-Woman from a place called the Magical Realm. She explained that she was a Handler in charge of the little girl from earlier named Kristine, whom she called a “Nursery Knight.”

Lily, the brown-haired girl wearing the ridiculous blue, pink, and purple outfit, was something called a Magical Girl. A name which immediately caught the attention of Tac who asked if she was also Nursery Knight too. But Lily had no idea what that was since she apparently just got her powers and hasn't really had a chance to figure out what they mean.

“You mean to tell me there are TWO Magical Girl teams running around in diapers?” Tac asked while being slightly revolted by the thought.

Lily blushed and tried to pull her short skirt down over her comically-huge diaper, to no avail.

Lucas, the dark-haired tall guy in the now-ruined suit, along with his girlfriend Julia are demon slayers. But they only get their powers when something called “the Angel Hunter” enters into their body, like a ghost. the reason he spazzed-out and collapsed earlier was because Angel Hunter left him to go find Julia.

Amani, the kid in the pajamas, claimed to be the “Protector of Dreamland.” But didn't really feel like going into many details.

“I still don't understand how all of you have magic. Magic’s not real on earth,” I stated while thinking of home.

Tac actually laughed at me “Of course there is. Have you been living under a rock your whole life?”

“To be fair,” Lucas interjected, “I didn't think magic was real until a few months ago when I met Angel Hunter and Julia.”

Lily nodded “And I didn't know until recently myself.”

I looked at Amani to see if he had anything to say. He shrugged, “I only became Prin- I mean learned of Dreamland about a month ago.”

Tac just looked at us like we all had 2 heads. “What? Does that mean there's more than one Earth? Because everyone knows about magic where I come from.”

Amani scratched his chin for a second. “Is it possible that we all came from different Earths?”

Everybody stopped to stare at each other.

“That actually makes sense.” Lucas replied “Angel Hunter would've known about things like Magical Girls and Catgirls or Dreamland. But she was just confused by all the weird magic going on around us during the fight. And believe me, confusing them is NOT easy!”

We were all finally reaching the outside when we heard some sort of loud screech from a ways away followed by a plume of flame rising up above the trees. Followed by what sounded like a fight.

“That's gotta be where Bab and the others are! Come on!” I yelled and started running towards the sound when Tac spoke up.

“Need I remind you that you and Little Miss Pottypants are the only fighters in our group?” Tac said as she pointed at Lily who looked absolutely mortified at what Tac called her. “And I don't feel like running through some woods on just some guess that that's where your friend is.”

“Your friend might be there too,” I replied.

“Maybe, but I'm not wasting my time chasing after a hunch,” Tac replied. “Besides, me and these other bastards are useless to you anyways.”

“Hey!” Lucas interjected, but she continued.

“We'd just get in the way,” Tac told me.

“So what are you suggesting we do? Sit around on our asses and do nothing!?” I asked.

“Mmmmm… pretty much. I'm sure those girls can handle themselves.” Tac stated as she sat down on a rock to wait. “Kristine will be back sooner or later. If not, she's going to get a hell of a spanking from me.”

“Fine! I'm going to find Bab. The rest of you can stay here!” I turned to Lily “You stay with them in case any more monsters show up.”

“O-Okay!” she nodded as I ran off to find Bab.

Tac looked Lily up and down “You know, if it wasn't for that diaper, you might just be my type.”

Lily’s face turned bright red and turned away from Tac.

As I was running into the woods, I heard another pair of feet running behind me. turning around I see Amani following me. “I thought you were staying behind?”

“Naw, can't stand bitches like that.” He replied. “Besides, I think Pardie might have disappeared with the girls, so I want to get him.”

“Gotcha. Say, what does Pardie look like anyway?” I asked.

“Uhhhhh, You'll know him when you see him.” He replied, avoiding eye contact.

Weird kid...

###

After running a good distance into the forest, we get close to where we saw the flames from earlier and start looking around.

“You see anything?” I asked.

“No, but what's that sound?” Amani asked as I take a listen and hear what sounds like a whimper.

Following it a bit, we walk through some bushes and see someone on the ground surrounded by slimes!

“Frost wave!” I yelled as I rush over and wave my arm in front of me that sent a wave of freezing air towards the slimes. Not enough to kill them, but cold enough to make them back off and start to retreat.

“ALEX!” the girl on the ground cried out as I realize it was Bab! tears were streaming down her face.

“Bab!” I cried out as I freeze the stuff holding her down and shatter it to free her.

As soon as she got up, she leaped onto me and hugged me, mostly just relieved I saved her from the slimes. Her biggest fear.

As soon as she was calm, I looked her up and down.

“What are you wearing? I asked.

“*Sniff* Oh, umm…”

“HOW ARE YOU WEARING PARDIE?” Amani suddenly shouted. A look of shock on his face.

“What?” I asked confused.

Before anyone could answer, a strange voice spoke from somewhere “That is the real Princess of Dreamland.”

I began looking around in surprise “who said that!?”

Bab blushed “F-from my butt…”

“huh?”

“Pardie!” Amani shouted again “How is she wearing you? I thought I was the only one who could put you on?”

“Normally that is correct, Princess. But this world seems to be interfering with my magical functions, going by slightly different rules.”

“Wait,” I said standing back up “Is Pardie… the diaper?”

Amani’s red cheeks were answer enough. “It wasn't my fucking idea, okay!”

“SISSY! ALEX!” shouted a praying mantis as it came from the treeline. we assumed it to be Eva as she charged towards us, followed by Blake, the blue-haired cultist lady, and two other girls I remembered from the cultists’ lair.

“OH SHIT!” Amani screamed.

“Relax, she's a friend.” I tell him.

Blake jumped down in front of Eva to keep her from running us over “EVA STOP!”

She stopped in her tracks.

“YOU!” Bab screamed at the two other girls I gathered to be Kristine and Julia. “You left me stuck to the fucking ground!”

“We had bigger pwobwems to deal wiff!” Kristine shouted back.

“Wait, you understand her?” I asked confused as to how that was even possible. But before I could get my answer, the other woman stepped forward.

“Now that you are together again, I must look into something,” Julia said ignoring my question. Her piercing eyes rested on me, “Look after Julia for me or you will die by my hands when I return.”

And then she suddenly let out a cry and went down on her hands and knees, gasping for breath much like Lucas was earlier.

“Umm… the hell was that all about?” Blake asked.

I wasn’t even sure where to begin “Ugh, let's just get back to the cultists’ lair and maybe Lucas can explain it to you.”

“I could teweport uth back there,” Kristine lisped “If I knew where it wath.”

I pointed in the direction we came from “It's about over their. You can just barely make out the castle they use-”

But she was gone when I turned back to where she had been standing.

“D-did I just get Batmanned by a little girl?” I asked and looked at Bab who had no idea what I meant.

Just as I finished saying that she re-appeared where she had been standing “Alwight, I can get uth there now.”

“WAIT WHAT!” I yelled. “How the? what the?” I was just trying to wrap my head around what she just did when blake grabbed my shoulder.

“Don't worry, I was confused too.” Blake told me.

“I'll expwain later.” she held out her hand “Evewybody gwab onto me.”

“Sorry but Eva and I have to-” Blake started to say when Eva placed one of her mantis arms gently on the little girl's shoulder and one on Blakes, just as they all vanished.

###

When we all got back I expected to find Tac lying on the same rock as before with Lucas and Lily both taking a well-deserved breather. But that's not at all what we saw.

Lily was fighting with some kind of goat monster!

It was covered in dark grey fur from head to hooves, standing upright like a man at nearly 8-feet tall. It also had bat-like wings sprouting from its back and its “hands” were more like claws than hooves.

“JULIA!” Lucas exclaimed as he rushed over to meet his girlfriend who met him halfway and hugged him.

This, unfortunately, caught the attention of the monster who looked over at us with its fiery red eyes, rising into the air on its black wings.

“Shit! Looks like we're in for another fight!” I said drawing my sword.

“I've got thith!” Kristine yelled before teleporting over to the monster to whack it with a mace that looked like a giant rattle.

The monster was hit hard and staggered a bit but was still ready to fight and roared at Kristine!

She appeared right in front of the monster again ready to attack, when she was hit by a stray energy blast from Lily! this knocked Kristine off balance and allowed the monster to punch her with enough force to send her crashing into the ground like a meteor!

“Eeeeep! S-sorry!” Lily called out.

“Master! I know the perfect form to kill this monster!” Eva said happily as she started to charge.

Blake’s eyes went wide “EVA NO-”

But it was already too late as she shifted back into her human form and let out a cry of agony before falling to the ground clutching her stomach “AHHHHHHHHHH! MASTER IT BURNS!”

“Eva I told you not to shift forms until… LOOK OUT!”

The monster swooped towards Eva for a kill, but was knocked off course by a gust of wind from Blake, a blast of ice from me, and a jet of bubbles from the blue-haired chick.

What was her name again?

“Haha! Insolent beast! You thought you could profane the Holy Land without facing the wrath of Esmeralda Glory?”

Oh yeah. That was it.

“We need to get Eva to safety!” Blake told us.

“Okay here's the plan,” Lucas began “Everyone with magic powers, fight the Jersey Devil. Everyone else, help me drag Eva away from the fighting.”

“Do I have too...” Tac moaned.

“NOW!” And with that Lucas began Dragging the still-screaming Eva away followed by Julia, Amani, Tac and Bab.

“Bab, where are you going?” I asked.

She turned back to me “My magic isn't working thanks to this STUPID PINK DIAPER!” she yelled before following the others.

“Grat,” I mumbled as I turn back to the monster.

This now leave me, Blake, Esmeralda, and Lily to deal with the monster.

###

By the time Lucas and Amani had dragged Eva to safety, she had passed out from the pain of the poison. “Julia, where is Angel Hunter?” Lucas asked.

“Oh, she uh, had to leave…”

“WHAT DO YOU MEAN SHE HAD TO LEAVE!?”

“Guys focus!” Bab stomped her foot “Lucas, what did you call that thing back there?”

“The Jersey Devil. It's a Cryptid from my world.”

Amani raised an eyebrow “What's a cryptid?”

“In my world Cryptids are usually angels or demons that have found a way to take physical form.”

“Alright, how do you kill them?” Bab asked.

“You don't. Unless you're an Angel Hunter. But ours apparently had better things to do right now!” Lucas began pacing angrily. “Where the hell did she go anyway?”

Julia looked off towards the setting sun. “She went to get some answers.”

He stopped his pacing. “You mean…?”

“We're wasting time!” Amani yelled snapping everyone out of their collective stupor. “Pardie, if she is wearing you, does that make her the Princess? Can't she use the relics?”

“that is correct, Princess.” the diaper answered. “However, I believe her small stature would make her an unsuitable combatant.”

“Hey!” Bab yelled but was ignored.

“But SHE'S the one wearing you! Is there anything she can do?”

“I don't make the rules, Princess.”

“Ugh! You're so fucking useless!” Amani kicked a wall in frustration.

“Look who’s talking.” Tac commented but was ignored.

“Alright, that's enough!” Bab said, “I don't understand what's going on or how any of this is even possible, but what I DO know is that 2 of my friends are out there fighting for their lives and I'm not just gonna stand here and do nothing!” She looked down at the diaper. “tell us how we can fight the Jersey Devil.”

“Princess can still use all of the relics normally. But it will drain your magic reserves instead of theirs.”

“Really?” Amani asked.

“Yes, Princess.”

A smile crept its way onto Bab’s face. “This could work! You can go out there and fight that Devil!”

Amani grinned ear to ear “And for once I won't be dressed like a sissy while I'm fighting! Hell yes!”

Bab looked over at Tac, Julia and Lucas. “You two stay here with Eva. Without any weapons or powers, you wouldn't last long.”

“You don't have to tell me twice,” Tac said laying down in the sunlight and closing her eyes.

“Alright, where are these relics you were talking about?” Bab asked.

Amani immediately blushed. “I'm very sorry about this…”

“Sorry about wha-aaAHHH HEY!” Amani quickly spun Bab around, put his hand on the back of her diaper. “WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU-” Before she could finish Amani's hand disappeared into the pink heart of the diaper before pulling out a long shiny sword out of the diaper! Then reaching back in pulled out a building block.

Everyone just stared in disbelief at what they saw!

“Ok. you stay here with them!” Amani shouted as he ran towards the battle.

###

I charged towards the monster and took a swing at its head and it actually grabbed my sword in its claw! It raised its other claw to take a swipe at me but as it brought its talons down towards me it stopped to catch an arrow fired by Blake! But it was enough of a distraction for Lily to blast it's forearm. It yelped in pain and loosened its grip on my sword enough for me to yank it free, slicing its palm in the process.

I tried to take another swing at its hand which was now glowing a whitish-blue for some reason. But it kicked me with a hoofed-foot hard enough to knock the wind out of me and send me flying back. Thankfully Lily was their to catch me.

“T-thanks.” I tell her panting.

Esmeralda shot a stream of bubbles at the monster, but it simply used one of its wings to block it like a shield. Blake shot another arrow, but it smacked it out of the air with its other wing. I knew we had to do something about those wings if we were going to take this thing down!

Just then it lunged at me and Lily like a panther and we just barely managed to roll to the side to avoid its pounce. Now was my chance! “TUNDRA!” I yelled using what little ice magic I had left to freeze its soaking-wet wing solid. That threw it off-balance enough that it couldn't dodge a volley of three arrows from Blake and had to take those in its other wing. And with Esmeralda now spraying it in the face with water bubbles someone ran up and leaped into the air.

Screaming his head off, Amani cut the frozen wing off!

The wing shattered into chunks of ice and black smoke. But before Amani could regain he footing the beast let out a cry of pain and spun around smacking him with its other wing hard enough to knock him on his back before charging at Blake!

Even missing a wing the monster was insanely fast and Blake had to use wind magic to evade. But he wasn't fast enough and the monster managed to snag his bowstring with its claw causing it to snap! Which unfortunately threw him off balance and let the monster grab Blake by the throat and pin him to the ground, unhinging its jaw like a snake ready to bite Blakes face off!

I wasn’t gonna be able to reach him in time to fight the creature off with my sword! Thankfully Lily behind me Blasted the creature in the head and forced it to look at us and snarl.

But while it was focused on me and Lily, Blake grabbed an arrow from his quiver and stabbed the monster right in the eye! It let out an unholy scream of pain before Blake used wind magic to blast it off of him. He rolled to his feet clutching his throat and gasping for breath when I finally reached him. “Blake! You okay?”

He coughed and sputtered “Yeah… but I'm out of magic.”

“Great. That makes two of us.” I tell him.

“Fear not, young warriors!” Esmeralda cried, “I shall dispatch this fiend!”

By now the monster had gotten to its feet, screamed at us and charged towards Esmeralda who created a giant water bubble on the head of her staff which swirled and spun, getting smaller and smaller until it was only an inch or two in diameter. And when the goat-monster got close enough to slash at Esmeralda she just touched its chest and there was a massive explosion of water! The force was enough to send the monster flying through a brick wall as well as soak all five of us from head to toe.

“Haha! You thought you could stand against Esmeralda Glory and still triumph? Foolish beast! No more shall you profane the Holy Land with your filth! So says I; Esmeralda Glor-” before she could finish boasting, a brick came flying out of the cloud of dust and rubble that used to be a wall and knocked her out cold.

The beast stepped out of the cloud and for the first time I got a good look at just how much damage we'd caused it. Its left eye was replaced by a glowing green radiating fracture like a stone thrown at a car windshield. Three similar marks were on its left wing where Blake had shot it with arrows. It's chest also had a large crack in it, but it was glowing dark blue. And the slice on its claw was still covered in bluish-white light. And while I didn't notice them before its whole body had several purple dots all over it.

“If years of video games have taught me anything, it's that the glowing spots are weak points.” I say.

“Years of what?” Blake asked.

“Nevermind, just aim for the glowing bits!” I held my sword in both hands.

“With what? He broke my bow!” Blake reminded me.

“Shit!” I yelled.

The monster charged at us and I readied myself for a tough fight, but before it reached us it ran headfirst into a wall of… transparent building blocks?

It was then that I noticed Amani standing off to the side with his sword in one hand and a strange block in the other.

“Come get me you fucking bastard!” he yelled.

The monster screeched and charged at Amani. I ran after it, but there was no way I was gonna catch it before it mauled the poor kid! But as the creature got close Amani ducked down and more of those transparent blocks appeared around him creating a protective cube. The monster slashed and punched at the cube, but couldn't break through it.

With it distracted, Lily appeared behind the monster and using all her energy blasted the monster in the back!

It screamed in agony, but its pain wouldn't last long as Amani came out of his protective cube and cut the monster in half above the waist! Rivers of pink light quickly covered its entire body in both directions as the two halves of its body hit the ground and the whole beast turned to ash and sulfur.

Finaly we fucking won!

###

Angel Hunter had followed her divine senses to the greatest power in this world. Here, the two greatest forces of this world had gathered together and cloaked themselves in a swirling maelstrom of black storm clouds. In her own world opposing forces of this magnitude have not coexisted in the same place for thousands of years. Not since humanity had first been brought into the world. The thought was enough to sow great fear in the demon’s heart. And the fact that she was a trespasser in their world only served to magnify the dread that enveloped her.

She had to play this right if she hoped to get out of this alive.

The demon fell to her knees and bowed low to the ground. “Lords of this realm. I have come to you in hopes of finding favor in your eyes.”

Lightning flashed and thunder pealed. But concealed within the cacophony were voices she could make out.

“It was never my intention to trespass. I was brought here against my will, along with several others.”

The two forces affirmed that they had felt a disturbance in their game.

“We do not wish to disrupt your game. That is why I have come to request your permission to return to our respective worlds.”

The lightning crackled angrily and was answered by cool, almost soothing rumblings from the thunder. It seemed the god in thunder was more sympathetic towards the demon and her plight than the lightning was.

They argued back and forth before finally reaching an agreement to send Angel hunter back.

“Wait!” Angel hunter yelled and felt a sense of dread wash over her from speaking to the gods like that. “Please wait. My host is still on your world and i can not leave her or her mate.”

The two gods seemed to clash once more as thunder and lightning flashed and crackled until yet another agreement was made. at sunset the gods would use their powers to charge the crystal that brought them here to send them back. But if Angel Hunter failed to bring her companions back to the crystal at the appointed time she would be banished back to her world alone, lest their presence here disrupt the gods’ game.

“Thank you, Your judgment is fair and wise. I shall return at once to my companions and gather them at the crystal.”

With one final boom of thunder and lightning she spread her wings and took flight back towards Julia and Lucas.

###

After that tough fight, we decided to make a campfire to help dry those of us who got soaked by Esmeralda as the sun would be going down soon.

Once the fire was going and everyone gathered around it the first thing I did was make sure our wounded were being taken care of. Blake had already retrieved Eva and held her by the campfire with a blanket wrapped around her naked body. She was unconscious, but even I could see the slight smile on her face from being so close to Blake.

Esmeralda was also fine. She had a big gash on her forehead from where the brick hit her, but Lucas and Julia were happy to help her bandage it up once I gave them some bandages from my Storage.

“It's not that bad, though you might have a scar from this,” Lucas warned her.

“You have my humble gratitude.” Esmeralda told them, “but thanks to my wonderful healing I shall not have so much as a blemish on my royal face come morning.

I rolled my eyes on hearing that but ignored it.

I was starting to wonder who was taking care of Kristine when I looked over and saw her being held by a giant Teddy Bear! Lucas, Amani, and Lily were also shocked until Bab quickly filled me us in on who “Mr. Bear” was. I couldn’t help but chuckle as it pulled out a baby bottle and started feeding the half-conscious Kristine like an infant. Though I noticed Julia and Bab kept giving it funny looks.

Once everyone was settled I decided it was time to take Pardie off of Bab and give it (him?) Back to Amani. But Bab wasn't too thrilled about the idea. “I can't believe I'm saying this, but can't I wear the diaper just a little bit longer? I like being able to talk and use my hands and not piss myself all the time!”

“For all I care you can keep it,” Amani told her. “You can be the new Princess of Dreamland and I can go back to my normal life. Everyone's happy!”

“Incorrect, Princess.” Pardie told him. “The magical distortion in this world will not extend to Dreamland. There is no telling what might happen if you or I attempted to return unconnected.”

Amani shrugged “Too bad. Not my problem anymore.”

“It could wind up forcing the disconnection between us and thus ripping away most of your life span,” Pardie said rather ominously.

“What!” Amani shouted before slapping his forehead with his hand. “Fine! Get over here you stupid diaper!”

“What does that-” Bab was about to say before the left tape on Pardie came off.

She was engulfed in pink smoke and was back in her normal clothes, and she quickly scrambled to keep the diaper in place “WAIT, WAIT! I NEED TO CHANGE!”

The tape reattached itself.

“Umm, is she speaking in tongues or something?” Lucas asked. I had to explain Bab’s curse before translating what she had said and leading her away for a diaper change.

By the time we got back Tac was eyeing Julia up like a piece of meat. “You look tense, Julia. Luckily I know just the thing that can take the edge off,”

It was clear Julia was very uncomfortable. “I do yoga…”

“Why don't we go somewhere more private and you can show me just how well you stretch?” she said suggestively.

Julia and Lucas both gasped at the brash suggestion. “I have a boyfriend!”

“Yeah! She has me!”

Tac didn't seem to care. “Sorry, I'm not into guys. But he can watch if he wants? I don't mind an audience.”

Nearly everyone was stunned silent “I-I’m straight…” Julia finally squeaked out.

“So is spaghetti, until it gets wet.” Tac winked and moved in closer. But Lucas shoved her away “Listen here, lady!”

She raised her hand and claws popped out of her fingertips “Put your hand on me again and you won't get it back!”

I was about to step in when Lily stood up “Will you two stop fighting!”

They both stopped and looked at her and she immediately became timid. “I mean... please?”

“Maybe if you got rid of that diaper you could join in too.” Tac suggested with a wink.

“Knock it off,” Blake told them. “We have more important issues right now.”

“Now what could be more important than my pleasure?” Tac said licking her lips.

“How about finding the cultists that escaped?” Blake suggested.

“Wait, the cultists escaped?” I asked.

“There were cultists?” asked Amani.

“Hunting down cultists sounds like work.” Tac quipped “I'll pass.”

Blake explained the whole situation with the giant wasp that destroyed the cart and set the cultists free. “Normally Eva could track them easily, but…” He looked down at the unconscious woman in his arms. “Obviously that isn't happening anytime soon.”

I swore under my breath. “By nightfall they'll be spread out too far to track! We have to go searching for them!”

“What's the point?” Bab asked. “All the really dangerous monsters come out at night. So most of them will probably be dead by morning anyway.” and I translated for her.

As much as Blake and I hated to admit it, she was right. Finding the cultists now would be almost impossible not to mention dangerous, since most of us were either exhausted or wounded.

Eva moaned groggily in his lap. “Master…”

He smiled down at Eva and stroked her cheek softly “Welcome back, Eva. How are you feeling?”

Her only response was to whine and burrow into his shoulder. Unfortunately Tac was already making her approach and I could already tell what was on her mind “Oh good! Sleeping Beauty is awake. Perhaps once she's had a little time-”

A bolt of electricity was fired right in front of tac and cut her off.

“I will end your life if you finish that sentence,” Bab warned her, protective of her little sister.

“Whatever she said, add me with her,” Blake said as he held Eva closer to him.

“Ugh! You people are no fun!” She sat back down grumpily. “Is there at least a bar or something nearby?”

“The nearest town is 20 miles away. You'd never make it before nightfall.” Blake told her.

Tac’s response was a long drawn-out “Uggghhhhhh!!!” before she flopped on her back. “This foreign realm sucks!”

Tac’s groaning was followed by similar noises from Kristine who was just now waking up in Mr. Bear’s arms “Mmmrrraauughgh Tac what'th wrong now-” As she opened her eyes and took in her surroundings she must've realized that everyone was seeing her in a rather embarrassing position because her eyes went wide and she started stammering “I-I-I…”

“It's okay, Kristine.” I cut her off “your not the only one diapered already. Nobody's judging you.”

Those who had diapers were now blushing thanks to that.

“And it's not like we have any grounds to make fun of you,” Lucas said “Hasn't anyone else noticed the one thing that's similar about us?”

Everyone was silent for a moment before I looked at everyone finally put it together. “Diapers.”

He nodded. “That can't be just a coincidence, right?”

“Then how do you explain me being here?” Tac asked “I certainly don't wear diapers.”

“Neither do I,” Lucas responded “But Julia dose.”

“Wait, you too! Did diapers turn into the next fashion choice!” tac yelled in exasperation and made Julia blush harder.

“I was brought here with Julia and you were brought here with Kristine.” Lucas said “Maybe we just happened to be at the wrong place at the wrong time when the crystal summoned them or something?”

“So what are you suggesting?” Tac asked “That these cultists made a crystal designed to summon diapered warriors from across the multiverse?”

Lucas paused for a moment “Well when you put it that way it does sound ridiculous.”

“Not necessarily.” I say as I remember the fight with the cultist. “bab, didn't you fall on it just before it summoned them?”

Bab thought about it and realised what I did.

“Your diapered butt must have acted as a beacon to summon them. And possibly whoever was close to them at that moment.”

Amani chuckled “What is this? A bad diaper Crossover episode?”

Everyone got a good laugh out of that one. After that, things actually felt a lot more relaxed as if the tension had been broken. We ate, drank, and laughed together for what felt like hours. Those of us from the different versions of Earth started comparing our realities to see what was the same and what was different. It seemed most of use were actually from almost identical Earths except for Kristine who lived on an Earth where magic was common knowledge. But even though we were all from different worlds we could all relate on a lot of the same levels. I almost started to feel a little homesick, but then I remembered Bab and all the friends I've made and the adventures I've had here and that helped me shrug it off a bit.

As the sun began to set and the sky turned to twilight, I began to suggest we head to the now abandoned castle and rest for the night when Julia suddenly threw herself one the ground with a loud cry and started shaking. Most of us were startled and worried until Lucas said “Oh, Angel Hunter’s back.”

“What the hell?” I yelled worried until Julia stopped shaking and stood up.

She looked around the campfire with a far more serious expression on her face than she'd had for the past few hours. “Good, everyone is here. Come. We must return to the Crystal that summoned us.”

“Wait why?” Amani asked confused.

“To go back from whence we have come.” Julia, or angel hunter, replied.

“It doesn't work that easily.” Bab replied and I translated.

“Perhaps not, but I have brokered a deal with the gods of this world and they have agreed to send us back at sunset.”

“You spoke to the gods!?” Bab asked in confusion, but was overshadowed by excitement from the rest of the of the party.

“We're going home?”

“Well that was easy!”

“Thank goodness! Get me out of this shithole.”

“Jutht wike that? What’th the catch?”

That last remark from Kristine caught Julia’s attention “the ‘catch’ is that anyone who doesn't go through the Crystal will be stuck in this world and must find their own way back..”

That statement hung heavy in the air for a moment.

“Well what are we waiting for?” Amani said as he stood up. “Let's go to the Crystal!” and with that he ran off towards the secret chamber as the rest of us followed him.

Running down the long pathway back down below the earth until we reached the secret room the cult used. But when we got there, we all stopped in our tracks at what we saw.

Where the Crystal had once been there was now a massive, pulsating structure made of some kind of greyish material that gave off a sort of rainbow aura like when sunlight hits water just right.

“Umm, are summoning Crystals supposed to do that?” Lucas asked.

“I don't… think so?” I looked over at Bab who shook her head in confirmation.

“Tho what do we-” Kristine was about to ask before part of the weird structure cracked and rainbow flames started shooting out! Then another part. Then another part!

“RUN FOR IT!” I yelled at everyone, taking Bab’s hand and booking it back outside.

Everyone else seemed to sense the danger as well because they all started running too. In fact, some of them were faster than me! Julia, and Lily, practically flew up the stairs with their enhanced speed. Kristine and Tac were, of course, already outside when we exited the chamber. Lucas, Esmeralda, and Amani were only just barely behind me.

We had all put about thirty yards distance between us and the entrance to the secret chamber when we all heard and felt a huge explosion behind us! We must've been just barely outside the deadly blast radius because the force was just enough to knock us off our feet without causing any real damage.

I turned around to see what carnage lay behind us. Everything looked like it was moving in slow motion as a huge black dragon with six green dragonfly-like wings and two stripes of multi-colored scales running down the length of its body on either side was rising up out of a funnel of rocks and debris that looked like it was suspended in midair! I stared in unbelief at what I was seeing until the dragon darted to the left and all the debris started falling.

Fuck! We were gonna be crushed!

“GET DOWN!” I yelled as I dove on top of Bab, bracing for what could very well be a fatal impact.

“PARDIE!” Amani screamed.

But instead of being pelted with rocks and boulders I heard the sound of debris hitting something above us. Looking up I saw Amani had created a protective dome using the same blocks as before around us! With him now wearing the same frilly pink outfit Bab was wearing earlier.

We all looked up at him in gratitude. All of us, except for Tac who was staring at the dragon now flying around the compound.

“That's a… a Chaos Eater!” she said with a dread-filled voice. “We are so fucked.”

“Why? What’th a Chaoth Eater?” Kristine lisped.

“They're powerful creatures who feed on Primal Magic. The kind your powers come from.”

“I take it that's bad?” I asked.

“Bad? BAD!? That thing shouldn't even be able to exist outside the Primal Chaos!”

We all just stared at her.

“UGH!” she sighed in exasperation “imagine a creature that can survive living in the center of the sun. Now multiply that by 1000. That's basically a Chaos Eater.”

“Fuck.” Amani said for all of us.

“We need to run and hide NOW!” Tac started moving away before Julia stepped in front of her “Not so fast. We're not going anywhere.”

“The hell we-” Tac started to say but was interrupted by Julia again.

“That creature has somehow absorbed the summoning Crystal. So we must kill it. Otherwise we might as well fall on our swords now and save the gods the trouble.”

“She's wight, Tac.” Kristine said hefting her rattle-mace.

The Dragon roared from the skies above us.

“Fuck this!” Tac screamed and I felt something brush up against my leg. by the time I realized it was Tac in a cat form running past me she had already disappeared into the woods.

“Whatever, we didn't need her anyway.” Blake said as he pulled out his now-restrung bow.

“Ok, if you guys won't run, neither will I.” I said as I pulled out my sword. “Lets go!”

Bab’s hands sparked with electricity.

Eva snarled up at the dragon. Her stomach now growling

Julia summoned her white shortsword and a pair of ethereal wings sprouted from her back.

Amani took out a block in one hand and some kind of pink staff in the other.

Lily tightened her grip on her staff and Kristine did the same with her mace.

Lucas backed away slowly “Umm, I'm gonna go hide in the woods with the cat. Have fun with your dragon!” and with that he retreated into the woods.

The Dragon landed in the large clearing at the center of the compound and let out a thunderous roar that shook the ground. it ACTUALLY shook the ground! And on top of that storm clouds began to gather above us in what was a clear sky a minute ago.

“I got thith!” Kristine said before teleporting to the dragon where she began raining powerful blows all over its body. First the head, then the front-left claw, then one of its wings, the face again, and while the dragon did flinch with each blow, it seemed to only be getting annoyed rather than hurt and after the sixth or so strike, it smashed its claw down on top of her pinning her to the ground! We all began running towards her, but there was no way we would reach her in time!

“MITHTER BEAR I NEED YOU!” She screamed out and her giant teddy bear appeared and lifted the dragon’s claw up long enough for her to teleport away before the stuffed bear started growing even larger and punched the dragon in the face!

Kristine landed in front of us clutching her sides and breathing hard “Fuck! It felt wike it was dwaining my enewgy!” she said as we all looked up in time to see the dragon tearing the head off Mister Bear!

“You stay back and catch your breath, Kristine.” I tell her “Give us a chance to deal some damage.”

Just then Eva leapt into the air and transformed into her Wyvern form! Although her form wasn't quite as big as the dragon’s. The two monsters roared at each other before colliding in a tangle of scales, claws, wings, teeth!

Which gave the rest of us the distraction we needed to get a few good hits in!

Julia was darting around slashing and stabbing at the dragon from above.

Both Bab and Esmeralda stayed back a bit with Bab throwing lightning bolts which were aided by Esmeralda covering the dragon in water with her bubble attacks.

While Lily and Blake were shooting it with magic blasts and arrows. But I couldn't tell how effective they were.

Amani raised his staff and yelled “TSIF ENOTS!” casing some of the rubble nearby gathered together into a giant fist and punched the dragon!

As for me, I didn't want to get in between the dragon and Eva, so I mainly focused on its legs.

“Don't let up! We're winning!” I shouted as I slashed at one of the dragon's legs.

At least that's what I thought before its wings started to glow brighter before six continuous streams of lightning came down from the sky and began charging the dragon with energy!

I didn't even get a to yell for people to take cover before I felt searing pain all over my body and everything went black.

When my vision started clearing I was lying on the ground at least fifty feet from the dragon. I couldn’t move. I couldn't think. I just watched as it breathed these weird green flames all over Eva and she twisted and writhed as her wyvern form started rapidly changing. She grew antlers, then her claws turned into tentacles, then her tail grew a serpent’s head. Whatever the dragon was doing to her was affecting her transformation magic! Every second a new body part grew somewhere it wasn't supposed to be until the flames stopped and Eva collapsed to the ground in A strange amalgamate monster form.

As I tried to pull myself to my feet a blur of pink rushed past me. Amani! He must've shielded himself from the lightning!

“Pardie! Give me the sword!” Amani yelled as he shouted another spell to launch him up into the air! Amni pulled the sword out of the diaper and held both it and his staff close to each other. “STAR GLAVE!”

The two weapons began to glow and merge until he was holding a staff with a large sword on the end.

The glave erupted into pink flames as Amani fall onto the dragon's face and he began slashing at it to distract it from Eva.

Kristine appeared next to me and helped me to stand up. I was starting to get the feeling back in my limbs, but right now I could barely do more than stand “Are you alwight?” she asked.

“Get… Eva…” I coughed and lost my balance, falling to one knee. But she was already gone, hopefully to do what I told her.

By now Blake had reached Eva and knelt down to see if she was alright.

“Eva! Eva are you alright?” Blake asked her as she let out a grown in the strange monster form.

Blake grits his teeth and turned to glare at the roaring dragon trying to knock Amani off its face.

“I'm going to kill that thing!” Blake shouted as he stood up and crossed his arms over his chest to make an X. “CROSS…”

Before he could finish, Kristine appeared behind him and grabbed onto both him and Eva. teleporting them back where she found them earlier before she returned back to the fight.

I turned my attention back to Amani who was actually holding his own against the dragon! He nimbly dodged its claws and jaws with inhuman speed, slashing at the dragon and sending waves of fire, water, air, and sand with his glave at the beast. Then he plunged his blade into the ground and a burst of flame shot up from under the dragon, causing it to rear back on its hind legs before Amani leapt towards it to stab it in the heart! But the dragon’s wings, brimming with power once again, flexed and blew Amani back with a powerful gust of wind. He actually landed not far from me and I could tell he looked a bit more feminine than he did before. It almost looked like he was developing breasts!

"Fuck! I thought I had him!" Amani said in a slightly higher voice than usual.

It was then that I felt my body began to feel a lot better and looking behind me to see Bab using her healing ability on me.

"Good idea. Healing seems like the better idea for now. After seeing what that monster can do with lightning I don't want you throwing any more bolts at it."

She frowned, but nodded in agreement. She generally preferred to be on the offensive and was not used to Healing but for now there was no other option.

I looked around and saw the others staggering to their feet.

“Thow is a tearable beast! But even you shall fall by the might of my power!” Esmeralda shouted at the dragon as she began forming a massive water bubble.

That's when im reminded of the way my ice magic interacts with water. Looking around i see plenty of water on the ground from Esmeralda’s other attacks. And i have an idea!

“Hit it with everything you got!” I shout to Esmeralda as i charge towards the dragon.

The dragon’s chest began to glow red as it's head rose up, ready to breath a column of flame. But as it opened its mouth the massive water bubble shot into its throat, quenching the flames and leaving the dragon sputtering smoke.

While it was distracted I froze all the water around me to save on magick and created an Ice Wall to form a ramp which I used to jump onto the monster’s back!

What I hadn't anticipated was just how hard it was to keep your balance on a dragon's back when its scales are slick with water from the bubble attacks! I had to brace myself against one of the wings to avoid falling off. "FUCK THIS WAS A BAD IDEA!"

But when I grabbed onto the wing I could tell it felt different than the body. It was smooth and a little bit spongy.

A weak spot! Finally!

I stabbed my sword into the base of its wings and channeled as much ice magic as I could through the blade.

The dragon reacted immediately, turning its head to face me.

“Oh fuck me!” I shout as the dragons mouth shot towards me!

But Julia flew in out of nowhere and stabbed it in the eye! It let out a roar of pain as its head thrashed around, once again too distracted to stop me from what I was doing.

I looked down at the base of the wing and saw the discoloration from the ice radiated out at least 3 feet in all directions and decided now was my chance. I pulled my sword out, and with a mighty roar of fury I swung at the base of the wing! which, as expected, shattered like glass! The dragon let out an ear-piercing wail and reared up on its hind legs, flinging me off its back like a catapult. "AHHHHHHHHHHHH"

But a hand caught my arm and Julia safely lowered me down onto the ground. "That was very brave of you," She told me with a slight smile.

Before I could come up with a response I saw the dragon's five-remaining wings begin to glow a deep violet color.

"Shit! Get down!" This time I was able to dive behind a boulder and Julia did the same, hoping it would be enough to shield us from whatever it was doing.

If yellow meant lightning I had no clue what the fuck purple would do! But we were about to find out.

There was a flash of purple light and suddenly I felt like there was an elephant standing on top of me! I collapsed to the ground under the crushing weight, barely able to breath. Julia and Kristine were both struggling to stand even with their enhanced strength.

"It's… amplifying… the gravity…" Julia grunted trying to take a few steps forward towards the dragon.

Kristine, however, took on a sly grin. "Oh weally? Well wets see how he wikes it!" And with that she teleported away.

A moment later we all heard a thunderous crash before the weight was lifted and the dragon crumpled. Kristine teleported above the dragon and used tossed her wepion at the dragion! turning it into a high-velocity missile!

She re-appeared next to us and immediately cried out, collapsing to the ground exsosted. "Fuck! I fink I bwoke my wappon!"

"Yes you did. But did it work?" Julia said, her eyes fixed on the dragon. It was completely motionless.

"I think we killed it-" I started to say only to see the dragon began to glow again and its missing wing started to grow back!

"No no no no NO! Why won't this thing just die!" Amani yelled.

"We need to hit it harder. Take it out in a single blow." Julia said.

"Good idea. HOW THE HELL DO WE DO THAT?" I shouted at her. “Go super saiyan? Turn into a giant? Oh, I know! Let's combine the Megazord!”

I grabbed my face in frustration. I knew being a sarcastic ass at the moment wasn't helping, but that thing was already half healed and it took everything we had! What else can we do!?

“Wait, that actually sounds like a good idea.” Julia said with a strange, almost sinister grin. Her eyes glowing crimson. "We must combine our power."

“Huh,” Lily asks as she looked at Julia.

“Theoretically it is possible.” Pardie comments. “After analyzing all your abilities I believe I've come up with a plan.”

“How?” Amani asks.

“Angel hunter and I could, in theory, give someone our power and enhance them as much as possible. Also, miss Lily’s magic is similar to mine that I may be able to absorb it and redirect it into one attack.” Pardie tells us.

“I guess it's all up to you Amani,” Lily said as she looks back at the dragon, now almost completely healed.

“No, the princess is not capable of such a feat,” Pardie told us.

“Wait, if not me, then who?” Amani asks.

“Sir Alex,” Pardie tells up.

“Whoa, What? There's no way I can do that!” I tell the diaper. “If anything Julia would be a better choice! She’s already one of the strongest here.”

“No, the diaper is right,” Julia says as she looks at me. “My host's body is not a full combatant without me. Should I use you as my host, my combat capabilities would be much better.”

“And should I enhance you further, we might just have enough power to kill the dragon.”

I didn't like the way it said that "I uh…"

She continued "We do not have time to delay. Allow me to possess you and put on Pardie. That may give us the edge we need to finish this."

One of the dragon's claws dug into the earth as it began to stand once again.

We were out of time and out of options.

I gritted my teeth and took a deep breath, resigning myself to whatever fate had for me. "Do it."

Julia’s body shivered violently before she began collapsing. Thankfully Lily caught her before she hit the ground.

Immediately it felt like I'd been set on fire! My whole body burned, my vision went red and I collapsed to the ground. I would've screamed, but the breath had all been snatched from my lunges. Then I heard a female voice in my head which I knew to be the demons.

"Fear not. The pain shall pass. Just focus on our goal: slaying the dragon." Angel hunter said in my mind.

“Fuck!” I shout in pain for a moment but sure enough, the pain began to reduce, and was soon replaced by a surge of power!

"Amani, give me the diaper," I say while undoing my belt

Immediately Pardie flew off Amani, covering him in pink smoke and giving him back his original clothes as it attached itself over my underwear. Engulfing me into a pink cloud of smoke.

As the smoke cleared, everyone just stared at me.

“Wow…” Amani said stunned.

“I wasn't expecting that,” Lily says as she sets Julia down.

“A-Alex?” Bab said stunned. “You're, you're a woman!”

There I stood. A tall woman with long curly red hair and big breasts. I wasn't wearing the same outfit Amani was wearing, but a beautiful red and white dress that still showed off my diaper.

And what was the strangest of all, I was completely calm with it.

“Don't think of anything else. Just focus on killing that thing.” Angel hunter said in my mind and was undoubtedly the one keeping me from freaking out.

“This form will be permanent in 5 minutes,” Pardie tells me. “But if we don't kill it before then or it won't matter either way.”

“Lily,” I say in my new effeminate voice. “Give me as much magic as you can. I'm going to take it out in one shot.”

She nods and begins firing as much of her energy as she can. Sure enough, Pardie began absorbing it.

I reached my hand into the back of the diaper and pulled out Amani's sword--a feat that would've been impossible had Angel Hunter not observed Amani do it before.

I then held out my own sword and had Angel hunter summon her own white sword to float between the two.

I held three swords in my hands; My sword, Angel Hunter’s angelic white sword, and Amani's pink sword. All three of which had the capacity for transformation. A broad smile spread across my face as I brought the swords together and in a blinding flash of light, they formed into one sword. If you could even call a column of white-hot magical light a "sword." Everyone around me backed away from the heat radiating off the blade.

By now the dragon had gotten to its feet and was staring me down. But I wasn't afraid.

I felt the strange-yet-familiar sensation of wings sprouting from my back and I took off into the sky like a rocket.

The feeling of flight was unlike anything the human half of my mind had ever experienced! The speed! The freedom! I climbed higher and higher towards the storm clouds above until I heard a roar from beneath me and saw the dragon chasing me into the sky.

It unleashed a laser-like beam of flame at me which I easily dodged.

It was now or never!

I quickly spun around and launched myself straight for the dragon! Seeing this it charged up another attack but it wasn't fast enough.

“DIE FUCKER!” I shout as I swing the sword in my hand and unleashed every once of magic I had in me! Creating a pure wave of energy that collided with the dragon!

It roared in agony and began to plummet. all the way down until it crashed to the earth, a bloody mass of meat and scales. But I wasn't taking any chances. I flew straight down with enough distance to gain velocity before charging in like a fiery comet straight towards the dragon!

###

"ALEX!" Bab yelled as she ran/waddled ahead of everyone else out to the smoldering crater where the dragon used to be. There in the center was my unconscious normal body surrounded by charred dragon guts. The impact had knocked me out cold. Which isn't all that bad considering I struck the ground with half the force of an atomic bomb!

Once Bab reached me Angel Hunter actually appeared beside me in her true form for the first time since she got here. According to Bab, she looked exactly like Julia with a pitch-black, slightly translucent body and red eyes.

"Fear not. He will live to fight another day," she told Bab with a slight smile on her face

Bab let out a sigh of relief at the demon’s declaration.

Overhead the clouds began to swirl and crackle with gold and purple lightning "They are here." Angel Hunter announced.

The few remaining body parts of the dragon began to glow and float into the air, gathering together before being struck by the two different lightning and forming into a new crystal.

"I think that's our cue to leave," Lucas said from behind Bab. The others were all gathered with him. Julia was leaning on him for support until Angel Hunter re-possessed her.

"I'll go first," Tac said, stepping forward carrying an unconscious Kristine under her arm like a bundle of firewood. "I can't say it's been fun. I'm gonna need a lot of booze to forget this shithole. I hope I never see any of you again… well, except maybe Julia." She winked at the blond woman before touching the crystal and the two of them disappeared.

"I-I guess I'll go next," Lily said as she waddled towards the crystal. "Thanks for all your help…" She touched the crystal and vanished.

"Well, I guess it's about time I got going too…" Amani started moving towards the crystal until Pardie spoke up "You haven't forgotten about me, have you, Princess?"

Amani stopped in his tracks and gritted his teeth, very clearly upset that his plan to leave Pardie behind had failed. "No…" he said as he looks at the wet diaper I most likely wet after I was knocked out. He took the diaper off of me and Bab had the decency to cover up my privates with her coat. “If you ever in my world, hit me up.”

Once Amani left Julia and Lucas both approached the crystal. "This has been… an experience." Julia said. "For the first time in millennia, I have been faced with something completely new… and I don't think I like it."

"Well, let's hope this doesn't happen for at least another thousand years," Lucas said, turning to us. "I feel like this is where I'm supposed to make some kind of inspirational farewell speech, but honestly I just wanna get home before the gods change their mind so uhh… I guess to stay in school, brush twice a day, and don't take any wooden nickels… yeah. That'll have to do." He laced his fingers with Julia’s before putting his hand on the crystal and disappearing. Only this time the whole crystal collapsed into nothing as well.

###

So, they are all gone? Just like that?” Blake asked me a few hours later when he and Eva found Bab and me.

“Yep. I didn't even get to say goodbye.” I tell him after I told him almost everything that happened. Leaving out a few bits here and there.

“Serves that foul beast right for destroying this sacred land,” Esmeralda tells us as we both look at her and her completely tattered clothes and hair.

“You do know your still under arrest right?” Blake asked

“WHAT!? But I helped you fight not only that big bug, but even aided in slaying the dragon! You can't arrest a member of royalty for helping with that, surely!” Esmeralda tells him.

Blake just sighted. He was already way too exhausted for any of this.

“Fine, help me find what's left of the cultist and you're free to go,” Blake tells her before getting up. “Watch Eva for me.”

I looked over at Eva who was wearing one of blake's t-shirt and a diaper. She was still fast asleep after what the dragon did to her and while she was back to being human, some of the side effects still lingered. As I could tell as the diaper began to turn yellow.

Once Blake and Esmeralda were gone I let out a sigh of relief as Bab came over to me and sat on my lap. Before leaning on me. Her diaper already soiled and in need of a change but neither of us had the energy to cair about that.

Instead, I wrapped my arms around her and hummed a happy toon. Glad that day was finally over.

*002*2019-06-19 07:21

{{3 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn that was a fantastic story

}}

Thank you put in a lot of hard work into it.

