Helia's Exam

Author: nutellalover

*000*2011-11-27 22:44

Okay, this is my first wetting story. I hope you enjoy it, and sorry if I have done something wrong, I'm new here :)

Helia was your average student, a sweet girl. I guess you could call her some sort of lolita, if you wanted. She sure could be one- pink flushed cheeks and thin legs, dark waving hair, swaying. Her nose was perfectly shaped and she was even a dancer at the local academy. Her eyes were sharp, but looks an be deceiving. They would often drift off into dreamy thoughts, as she day dreamed, watching out the windows in our class. You could call her popular, I suppose.

She would often walk around, with her flouncing skirt, swishing at her thighs, her steps always in time, even and perfect. Most of the girls spent time trying to suck up to her, wanting to be popular too, but she either didn't notice, or ignored them completely. To boys like us, she was a goddess, an angel sent from the heavens. We would watch her bat her eyelashes during class, twirling her hair around her pencil, smoothing it out, her pleated skirt with no creases.

One morning, Helia was watching the window desperately, but she was, of course, stuck in school. That day, I chose to watch her intently, and so I furtively glanced over to her as the teacher began to hand out the exams. To my surprise, it was seventy questions, a huge number. I got up to sharpen my pencil, and I saw, out of the corner of my eye, Helia's hand fly to her crotch, but she pulled it back right away. She looked slightly uncomfortable. After a minute, her hand slid back again, and she twisted her legs slightly, but no one had noticed her.

After the first ten questions, I saw that Helia had started to sweat profusely, her eyebrows creased in worry, wrinkled with desperation. I could hear her muttering slightly. "No, no, no." She kept looking up at the teacher, then back down at the exam, making chicken scratches on the paper, with one hand. Suddenly, I realized what she was doing. She moaned slightly, raising her hand.

"Teacher, may I use the bathroom?" Knowing our teacher, he would say no. Instead, I saw a strange smile flit across his face, and he continued to read his book, relaxing, ignoring her. She repeated herself, squirming in her chair, like she was about to fall off her seat.

Uninterested, the teacher didn't glance up at her. "You just came from lunch, you should have gone then. Finish your exam." She groaned slightly, her hair shuddering as she shook visibly, some of the girls gave her uncomfortable stares, but several of the boys looked at her, intruiged. She scribbled the rest of her marks on the paper, then stood up, wobbling as she perspired. The way she walked, moving her hips as her legs, petite and thin clenched together, one hand still at her crotch. She slowly handed in her paper, but the teacher told her to wait as he looked over it. He seemed to almost be enjoying her pain, and we could all hear her breathing, quick and deliberate. She stood there, her legs crossed as she wriggled now.

Then, it happened. We could see it dripping, slowly, a small stream of yellow liquid running down her legs, dripping onto the floor. She shuddered slightly, ignoring it, clenching her fist. The teacher adjusted his glasses, then handed her a paper. "You didn't forget the ECR, did you? Please write your response essay."

She looked pale and extremely thin. "Can I at least use the-" The teacher's sharp gaze quieted her instantly, and she scurried back to her seat. Another child hurried up to him.

"May I use the bathroom?"

"Be quick about it," he instructed. Helia's face froze is disbelief, then contorted back into uncomfortable pain in the silent room. The students watched her as she scrawled a quick response onto the paper, then ran back up to turn it in. The teacher smiled, looking it over, then nodded slowly.

"You may use the bathroom now," he informed her. She walked slowly over to the door, and we could all hear soft squelching noises. "But," he broke in. "Wait until Tyler comes back."

She nervously tapped her toe, waiting by the door, and just in time, Tyler strolled in, slamming the door behind him as he handed the pass to Helia. With a scream, she stumbled backwards, and she began to pee.

She screamed in horror as all the eyes swiveled to her, watching her in fascination as a dark spot grew on her skirt. Yellow liquid ran down her legs, as she sat on the floor, holding her crotch, as tears streamed down her face. "No!" she squealed. The teacher stared at her in fake shock, silence reigning over the room as the spot few larger, pain shooting through her bladder as she cried, looking more like a little child every second.

Tyler froze by her, and several people shot accusing looks at him, but he continued to look down near her "area" as she desperately squeezed her eyes shut, peeing for what felt like at least ten minutes but must have only been two. She could feel the eyes on her, as she sat in a puddle of her own urine, shamed and dark faced, wet and her popularity down the drain.

"Helia, go see the nurse," the teacher sighed, putting down his book. We all could have sworn he was smiling. "For a diaper, please. You should have worn one if you had problems like this!"

Her face turned a bright red, splotches of pee continuing to drip gently on the floor, a struggle with herself, as she turned away.

The teacher had just told her to get a diaper. Her face fell, humiliated, and she continued to cry. As she sat there, sobbing into her already wet dress, causing a smell, long after the children left, the janitor arrived, disgusted, she continued to sit crying, and sometimes even peeing, as the teacher watched her out of the corner of his eye.

