Third Wheel

Author: Bf1fan

*000*2018-08-03 20:07

Nicole scrolled through her phone, trying to escape from the horrible situation she was in. The 16-year old was trapped in a car with her older brother Austin and his girlfriend Wendy. Austin was driving, completely clueless as to where they were. Wendy leaned over and put her head on Austin’s shoulder, her auburn curls falling down past his chest.

Nicole hated Wendy. She was loud, annoying, and the only thing her brother ever talked about. Thankfully they were usually at college thirty miles away, but today their mother had asked Austin to pick up Nicole from her friend’s house while he was home on break.

Nicole pushed back her light brown hair and looked at her phone again. She was texting her friend, begging her to find some way for her to get out of this horrible situation. She put away her phone and looked down at her black Converse. They were brand new, squeaky clean.

Not it for long. Rain pellets began falling on the window. “No, not my new shoes!“ She was eventually going to have to step out of the car and into the rain. That was if her stupid brother could ever find a way out of this forest.

”Babe, do you know where you’re going?” Wendy asked in her obnoxious voice. Nicole shuttered at the sound of it.

“Of course, of course.” Austin joked. “I figured we could just take a scenic trip through the woods.” Wendy giggled like a school girl while Nicole groaned.

“This is torture.” She thought to herself.

”You alright back there Nic?” Austin tried to bring her into the conversation, much to her dismay.

”Yeah, I’m fine.”

”How old are you?” Wendy asked her.

”Sixteen.”

“Ah I remember when I was sixteen, man, it’s hard to believe that was three years ago.”

“And I care because?” Nicole thought to herself.

Wendy turned her attention away from the miserable girl and back to her boyfriend. “Babe, you think we’ll be home soon?”

”Uh yeah, I think so. Are you okay?”

“Oh yeah I’m fine, could just a trip to the little girls room that’s all.” Wendy said as she lowered a hand into her skirt.

Nicole noticed that Austin had no clue that his girlfriend was holding herself, nor did he have any clue of where they were. She could use a restroom for herself, but nothing too serious.

About twenty minutes went buy and Austin finally pulled the car over. “Where are we?” He asked the two girls, both of whom had no clue. The only thing they could see was trees, trees and more trees.

“Babe, do you mind if I go take a leak?” Wendy had both of her hands in her skirt.

”Are you sure it can’t wait, it’s really dark out there. And it’s raining.” He was right, aside from the small bit from the lone street light above them, it was almost pitch black on the road. It was wolf season, and there was good reason to believe they could lurking on the side of the road.

”Babe I’m really desperate.” Wendy was bouncing her legs up and down, the heels of her boots making noise every time they hit the ground.

”Alright, but I’m coming with you. Nicole, don’t move.” The two exited the vehicle and headed off into the darkness, the light of Austin’s phone the only thing letting them see on the pitch black darkness.

Nicole was left in the car by herself. Her phone had no service, and the stupid fantasy book Wendy had left on the seat next to her was of no interest to her. The light drizzle of rain continued falling on the window.

Watching the water made Nicole’s bladder start to hurt a decent amount. She didn’t pee before leaving her friend’s house, and now she was starting to strongly regret that decision. She slid a hand down between her jeans, wiggling her legs a little bit.

Her mind went straight back to English class at school where her crush and close friend Dan would tease her with a water bottle when she needed to pee. She had several extremely close calls from her times in school.

Ten minutes went by and her brother and his girlfriend were no where to be seen. She considered going out to find them but she remembered Austin telling her specifically to stay in the car.

Her bladder was becoming hard to ignore at that point, and she was very strongly considering going out and relieving herself.

“Comeone where are you guys?” Nicole groaned as boredom and desperation started to take hold of her. She placed her head back, closed her eyes and accidentally fell asleep.

###

In her dream she was back in English class. She looked up from her desk and towards the chalk board. Mr. Johnson was writing away some nonsense about the book they were reading.

Her bladder was filled to bursting. She reached down and held herself through her skirt.

“Hey, Nicole.” She heard from her left. Dan was next to her. “Look at this.” He shook his water bottle violently, causing her bladder to spasm.

“Omygawd stop.” She barely made out the words. Her bladder ached. She felt a leak slip out...

###

Nicole was awoken by a jet of pee landing in her jeans. She reached down and grabbed herself tight.

The day in her dream she had ended up leaking all over the back of her skirt, but Dan had given her his sweatshirt to cover it. There was no Dan to save her today.

She had no clue how much time had passed, but her brother was still nowhere to be seen.

”Aghhh.” She groaned and bit her lip. She looked at her phone. Rain droplets were landing on the windows, reminding Nicole of her desperate need.

She needed a toilet, and she needed it now.

*004*2018-08-21 03:56

Author's note: Sorry for the long wait and the short, mediocre ending. I haven't been enthusiastic about writing on here lately, trying to get into writing serious non-fetish related works more. I apologize for the really, really abrupt ending but I wanted to get a conclusion to this story done.

Nicole let out a small sigh of relief as her brother and his girlfriend returned from their small trip. After what felt like hours Austin and Wendy strapped in and were ready to go. Nicole tried to speak up and ask for an opportunity to go and relieve herself but she couldn't bring herself to admit it in front of her brother's girlfriend. They started off down the road again and Nicole bit her lip, impatiently awaiting their arrival home. She closed her eyes and tried to fall asleep again. Her aching bladder kept that from happening for a short time before Nicole willed herself into a nap.

When she awoke they were at a gas station near her house. She recognized it as she had been to it a thousand times in her life. She was confused as to why they had stopped there though. She asked Austin in the front seat.

"Wendy never peed in the woods, two wet and dark. She ran inside to relieve herself real quick."

"Wait, can I go?" She quickly asked her brother.

"Be my guest."

Nicole scrambled out the car and into the station. Inside she found that the bathroom only had stall for both genders. She leaned against the wall and gripped her crotch in pain. She heard Wendy's stream hit the toilet bowl forcefully and almost let loose on the floor of the station. Suddenly the door opened and Nicole ran in, pulling down her jeans and finally getting her relief.

