Wet Susan

Author: GᒪITTEᖇGᒪᗩᗰOᑌᖇ

*000*2015-02-21 23:08

**This is my second story, a comment said my first one (Wetting at the Spa) was too fast so I'm going to try again but more descriptively :)**

Susan sat with boredom in her chair, as her friends Amy and Zoe chatted along with a cup of soda. Susan did too, have a cup of soda- diet soda. Sprite zero, not that she really liked diet sodas. "Susan, when are you planning to marry Edeth?" Zoe smiled. "Edeth? Marry? What gave you that idea?" Susan smiled faintly. "It's so obviously you want to marry him! You've been dating for about 3 years already," Amy rolled her eyes laughing. "Yeah, but it doesn't mean I want to marry him- not yet," Susan took another sip of her sprite. They heard a honk of a car and realized it was Edeth, Susan's boyfriend. Though people say marrying at 21 is too young, Susan still had thoughts about it. She ran slowly in her white heels down the steps of the porch and starightened her white blouse along with her blue jean Bermudas. "Yeah sweets," Edeth smiled giving Susan a small kiss on the head.

"I brought you these," He handed a bouquet of flowers to Susan and put her beautiful long, blonde hair behind her ear. "Thank you, that's so sweet of you!" She smiled showing her white teeth. Then Edeth got out a can of Diet Coke, and asked Susan if she wanted. That reminded her about her whole 3 bottles of Sprite. "Oh no thank you," Susan smiles painfully crossing her legs. "Can we um sit down?" She asked pointing to the chairs as Zoe and Amy waved. "Oh umm, sure?" They walked up the small stairs of the porch and sat down. Susan crossed her legs.

Frequently Susan changed the position of her legs, and wiggled around a lot with her thighs clenched together. "Man, it's nice outside. Cmon Sus, let's talk a walk. Oh, you can take Edeth with you too if you'd lke," Amy told Susan. Susan sat for a minute, she doesn't like to say no, so she said yes. Susan slowly got up and clenched her thighs. Walked down carefully. Hand on her groin, but she didn't exactly leave it there just so it looked casual. Then, Susan started to bounce her legs while waking. Gosh, I need to wee! Susan thought as she bit her lip.

They decided to go to a restaurant called Avery's Fine Life. When they ordered to drink, Susan didn't notice so they ordered her a giant cup of sprite - again. She got up to go to the bathroom but they were out of service, so Susan sighed and sat back down. The drinks came. "Huh?" She asked pushing down her groin. "We ordered for you, drink up!" Susan was in the military, she knew that she had to obey orders, so she drank the whole 5 inched up. Then she started tapping ear toe and wiggling in her seat. "I'm gonna go get some fresh air. I'll be right back," Susan said quickly, but despretly. She ran out to her house not wasting time to check if any place had a rest room. However, when she arrived she was locked out.

A few squirts came out when she leaned her groin on the edge of a table. "Oh no!" Susan held jer groin tightly and got control again. Then, she knocked on her neighbors door. "Hello, may I please use you're toilet!" Susan bit her lip. "Sorry, no. We don't allow due to privacy," the neighbor replied shutting the door. Due to privacy? Susan thought. What kinda of rule is that? She walked down holding her groin, but this time she just let it show.

Another spurt came out but she didn't notice, until she felt a warm stream come out. "OH MY GOSH WHAT AM I DOING?" She said holding her groin with her wet hands. Then she bent down on the floor to avoid anyone seeing her pee in her pants or her patio. Then Edeth came with the gang, and then saw Susan with the wet panties. "Susan?" They all gasped.

**Thanks for reading! Comment how it was!**

*001*2015-02-24 02:38

I had typos, sorry

