Bursting in an apocalypse

Author: Omo-fanatic

*000*2011-12-28 09:44

The first thing she noticed as she regained consciousness, was her throbbing head, the second thing was her throbbing bladder. Alyssa stumbled to her feet clutching her head. Her vision disoriented she nearly collapsed again trying to recall what had happened. She vaguely recalled rushing to a large helicopter with a mob of people, then blank. She looked at her surroundings she was one the very rooftop the helicopter had taken off at.

That didn’t give her much though. Groaning she looked over the ledge, the building must have been twelve stories at least! Not only that, but the streets were in turmoil. Cars were either crashed or over turned, flames billowed within building windows, assuming it wasn’t one of the many buildings only left in ruins.

She moaned as a pang of pure agony hit her bladder. “Guess I have to go down; there at the very least just to find a toilet.” She staggered forward towards the door leading back inside the building. As she got to the door, she brushed her long, elegant and blonde hair from her face, revealing iridescent green eyes she sighed and examined herself.

She was tall and fair skinned; her body had practically perfect curves. She had long slender legs that were shown off by her tight dark blue skinny jeans. Her red t-shirt stuck tightly to her body formed perfectly around her size double D boobs. Her finely kept nails were painted purple.

She opened the door and strode into the building and ran down the stairs, briefly glancing through a floor window too note she was in an office building. She cleared three floors before her bladder throbbed again. She doubled over for a second gasping.

She managed to catch her grace and once again started her decent, her bladder throbbing all the while. She felt herself start to tire as she cleared two more floors and briefly stopped to take a break. She leaned against the hand-railing stroking her lowers abdomen and crossed her legs.

She managed to wait five minutes all though to her in her extreme bladder desperation it felt like an eternity. She took off once again and this time resolved to make it all the way down to the ground floor. She bit her lower lip nearly drawing blood as her bladder panged. She let out a moan and slowed down, pressing her thighs together between strides.

She considered stopping and peeing in the stairwell for a moment. “No, I still have my class and dignity.” She muttered, although she wasn’t show sure. She started jiggling as she tried to make it down the flights of stairs without falling or having her bladder burst. Her bladder sent another pang of agony into her system causing her to grope her crotch with a death grip.

She managed to make it down the final flight of stairs in that awkward walking position. Finally as she approached the exit she almost burst out in tears. It was barricaded! “What are they trying to keep out?” She asked, although at the moment she didn’t care. She just wanted a bathroom!

She started, trying to pull away anything in her way with as much effort as she could manage. Finally she cleared just enough to exit. She ran out into the streets and suddenly nearly had a heart attack. It all came back to her. She had tried to escape into a helicopter to get away from the zombie apocalypse. But she had been run over by the mob and knocked out.

Suddenly as a mob of zombies spotted her she took off and managed to find an over turned car. She managed to pull the door open and slip inside. She shut the door behind her and crouched in ball. Suddenly her bladder throbbed immensely.

She shoved her hand into her vagina, moaning like she was going to die. She felt a spurt of warmth flow into her panties. Tears began to flow from her eyes. She began to rock as more zombies surrounded the car. She felt another spurt fill her panties, slightly staining her jeans. She finally gained enough confidence to burst out the car and dodged a couple zombies only to be surrounded again.

Finally her bladder burst. The warm pee flowed into her tight jeans, running down her legs. She uttered another moan as she felt a mixture of relief, mortification, fear and pleasure. Her jeans kept filling with pee, turning nearly black in many places. Pee began to flow in to her shoes and finally as the flood had stopped she was left standing in a puddle stunned.

But the shock was temporary as a zombie lunged on top of her, biting her and infecting her.

*005*2012-01-06 01:39

Yeah I couldn't figure out how to end it really:(

