Birdy's Desperation

Author: anonymousx

*000*2010-08-25 04:41

(Hey I'm new here, so I thought I'd throw up a story or two and get some feedback. Let me know what you guys think! I also take requests as long as the idea is something I think would be interesting to write about. Admins, please let me know if this is too raunchy, and I will take it down. Hope everyone enjoys! Also, no this isn't Officer Birdy from the anime, I just thought the name was cute and used it.)

“Oh no…” Officer Birdy whispered, the sound of her strained voice reverberating through the abandoned wherehouse. It was here that her arch nemesis Adonna had handcuffed her nearly an hour before. When she’d first left the precinct to pick up on a lead, she’d already been dying for a pee. But Officers were supposed to be tough. She stood by the rack of stolen merchandise fidgeting helplessly, as her bladder cramped and roiled, sending warning arcs of pain shooting through her abdomen. “Come on…come on…come on…Oh Gooood, I’ve gotta pee!” She knew she was being watched by every goon Adonna possessed.

The camera in the upper right corner was blinking mockingly, daring her to just let go, and pee all over herself. How much more humiliated could she possibly be? She squinched her eyes closed, and tried to stop doing the ridiculous twisting pee pee dance, but the second she stood still, her bladder wailed, and she got right back to moving again. She knew she was going to survive this. Her partner was ace and would soon be arriving to rescue her. However Birdy was also mere moments away from completely and utterly soaking her pants, flooding them right in front of her enemies, who were recording the whole thing! The fabric of her jeans was pressed tight and warm against her twitching pussy. Tears of pain and utter desperation leaked steadily down her face. “Oh please…please just let me take a pee! Just come and take my pants down, I don’t care if you watch! Just don’t make me pee on myself, pleeeaaase! Oh God! Oh, I can’t hold it much longer! I’m gonna use the bathroom on myself!”

No response except the echo of her own voice. She whimpered, and continued to twist and writhe, finally sinking into a squatting position with a low desperate moan, no longer able to support her weight on quaking knees. She longed to be able to reach down and grasp her aching cunt before hot pee spurted from between those wet pink lips. Trying anything now, she leaned forward to press her pussy against a jutting box corner. That helped a little, she rested it there, pushing into it so hard it both hurt and stimulated her. The sudden horniness however, only made her more desperate. Birdy had pissed herself only once before in her adult life, and that had been humiliating as well. She’d been scheduled to do a ride along with a young girl, about 20 years old who was interested in joining the force.

Everything had been going fine for the first couple of hours. They’d even caught lunch in the officer’s private cafeteria, where Birdy had drunk three cups of coffee. Next, they had a gym session, where Birdy showed the girl a few karate moves. Over the course of this session, she’d drunk an entire gallon of water, perhaps dehydrated from the day’s heat. She’d meant to take a pee before they’d left, already feeling the need to urinate, but she’d been given a call. It was the first of the day, and Birdy didn’t want to miss the opportunity to give her ride along partner some first hand experience, so she’d rushed out without showering or wetting. The case had been routine, but tedious. A domestic violence dispute, with several witnesses. It took nearly two and a half hours to finish taking down all of the information, and by then Birdy was quite desperate, though careful not to show it except with the occasional wince, or by shifting anxiously from one foot to another.

The girl, Roma, who secretly found Birdy very sexy watched her carefully. “That’ll be all ma’am.” Birdy said finally, putting her notepad away. Her bladder quaked with desperation. “Now, I’ll take off and go register this complaint, but do you mind if I use your toilet?” The woman shook her head apologetically. “It’s been broke for days. Can’t afford a plumber. You can pee in the tub though.”

Birdy scrunched up her nose at the idea, despite the pressure mounting between her legs. She led Roma back to the car, and they headed for the freeway. Roma noticed her role model fidgeting uncomfortably in the driver’s seat, sweating, occasionally whimpering, and reaching down to discretely grab her pussy for a second or two before reclaiming the steering wheel. “Wow, you look like you have to go pee really bad.” Roma commented, instantly aroused. Perhaps she would have the opportunity to see this woman go to the bathroom in her clothes just like a little girl.

Birdy blushed, and tried to be still, humiliated by displaying her desperate and private battle. “Oh yeah, I guess. After all that coffee and water, I’m practically wetting on myself. It’s okay though, we’ll be back to the precinct in no time.”

Unfortunately they did not get back in ‘no time’. There was a huge accident on the freeway, and traffic was completely gridlocked. Very soon, there would be a huge pissy messy accident in Birdy’s panties. Birdy began to fidget even more, and was simply grasping herself, holding her pee hole closed to keep that first warm stream of hot pee from surging out of her pussy. “Ooooh, come on!” She snapped in desperate frustration.

“Do you think you’re gonna wet your pants?”

“Oh God, yes!” She admitted, tearing up. “I’m gonna have to use my siren to get passed all these cars, or this seat is gonna get soaked with my pee.” She started to reach for the siren, but Roma stopped her, looking indignant. “That would be an abuse of your power. You have to hold it in like everyone else. The siren is only for emergencies.”

“But…but…this is an emergency! I’m gonna have an accident in my panties!”

Roma shook her head stubbornly, and Birdy realized with horror that if she did use her siren, she would be reported, and she had so wanted everything to go perfectly. However she was seconds away from wetting herself in front of this soon to be rookie. The traffic inched forward. Minutes passed like hours. Birdy’s heart sank as she realized that even if she did use her siren there was no where for the cars ahead of her to pull aside, traffic was completely stopped. Her bladder quivered and fluttered, and beneath her fingers her crotch felt moist. Was that pee or sweat? She couldn’t tell. Groaning, she leaned her head against the steering wheel. “Oh…oh, I’ve gotta pee. I can’t believe this is happening. I’m gonna start going any second. Ohhh…please, please don’t make me wet myself!”

Roma’s own panties were being steadily creamed with silky wetness, as her arousal mounted along with Birdy’s desperation. She stared openly at the woman’s crotch beneath her hand, knowing that any second the fabric would darken as her hot pee surged forth and completely destroyed the car seat with hot stinking urine. Roma felt her nipples harden and the walls of her vagina contract. She was about to cum her pants.

Meanwhile Birdy was quietly panicking as she realized she simply could not hold in her pee any longer. It was really going to happen! She was going to use the bathroom on herself right in front of this young girl!

“Please…please…please.” Birdy whispered. “Oh! Oh, it’s gonna come out! I’m gonna go in my panties!” She felt the pee force its way down her urethra, and three fat, slow, drops rolled out from between her shuddering vulva to stain the seat of her panties. She felt the quarter inch wet spot grow, and knew the rest was not far behind. “Oh no! I did a little in my pants. Oh, I’m doing it in my pants!” The sudden panic of having it actually begin made it even worse, and a three second squirt of pee flowed out of her before she could squeeze her little hole shut. The pee flowed into her panties, soaking warm, and running down to her ass. She felt her hands dampen, wet with pee pee.

She was losing it! Roma saw the first sweet blast of pee, the smell of it reaching her nose. “Uuunnnh!” Roma groaned, as she pumped a stream of cum into her pants so long and hard it almost looked like she had pissed herself too, her panties wet and slick with vaginal juices. Birdy didn’t notice as she continued to have a major pee accident in the driver’s seat of her patrol car. I can’t believe I’m peeing in my pants like a little girl. Oh but it feels so good to pee! With that thought, Birdy felt herself go slack, exhausted from attempting to hold it. That was all her bladder needed, and pee surged uncontrollably into her clothes, puddling beneath her in the driver’s seat before cascading down in a pitter-patter onto the carpeted floor. The smell of pee was sharp in the car, and the hiss of the urine leaving her body and flooding her clothing was audible.

“Oh God that feels so good. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry…I just can’t hold it anymore. Oh…I’m wetting all over myself. God, I can’t believe I’m peeing in my pants. I’m wetting on myself right in front of you. Please, don’t look, don’t look! Don’t watch me pee-peeing in my panties! Oh God, to pee…peee…it feels so good!” She pissed and pissed, until finally she was empty. Finally, breathing hard, she came back to herself. It had felt so blissfully wonderful to release her bladder into her panties. She noticed that Roma was breathing hard too, and glanced at her, then down at the other girl’s crotch. She wore jeans, a few shades lighter than Birdy’s work pants, and the crotch was darkened with the cum of her orgasm.

“Did you use the bathroom on yourself too?” Birdy asked sympathetically. “No,” Roma admitted, blushing deeply. “I got so excited watching you pee in your pants like a little girl, I came my panties. It felt so amazing! I think that was the best orgasm I’ve ever had.” Roma reached down to stroke Birdy’s sopping wet crotch. “Mmmm, I’m definitely gonna become a police officer like you, Officer Birdy, and maybe I’ll get to see more desperate girls wet on themselves.”

Birdy was confused by this, but also found Roma very attractive. So she let it go, and without exchanging much more conversation the two women returned to the precinct, both of them wet. It was humiliating as hell to walk back into her office in soaking wet pants, but at least she wasn’t in pain anymore. A few months later, Roma was instated as an officer, and made a specific request to be Birdy’s partner.

In the present, Birdy knew that she was about to pee her work pants for a second time. She leaned down, off of the box, giving in as she felt pee begin to flood out of her tiny pee hole with a loud hissing noise! “Uuunnnh, I’m peeing. Oh God, I’m peeing! There are you happy, you bitch!? You’re making me pee on myself!” She struggled in vain, making one last ditch effort to squeeze her sphincter shut, but it was a joke. She was wetting full force, the urine spraying out of her pussy into her clothes. “Oh…oh…I can’t stop it…you stupid bitch! I’ll get you for this. Unnnhh…I’m wetting my pants like a baby! Ooooh, I’m pee-peeing in my panties!” She pissed freely, and felt it completely soak the back of her legs, rivers of pee threading and dribbling down the fabric of jeans, before soaking and staining them forever with stinking pee.

Up in the security room, Adonna was leaning back in her plush leather chair, stroking her pussy as hard and fast as she could, as she watched her beautiful nemesis desperately flood her pants with hot pee. “Oh God I love watching you pee your pants. Look at all that hot sweet pee…I’m gonna cum! I’m cumming, Birdy! AH!” As she reached her orgasm, she imagined Birdy’s sweet pee stream splashing right into her face, and pouring down her large breasts to mix with the cum between her legs. She squirted a long ark of clear liquid from her twitching pussy as she came, and it splattered across the security monitor, where the poor, defamed Birdy lay sobbing in humiliation and defeat in a puddle of her own disgusting pee. TO BE CONTINUED

*002*2010-08-30 06:00

I'm kinda disheartened that there aren't that many responses to my story. If anyone has any constructive criticism, I'd love to hear it!

