X-Men Omo Story

Author: FreedomAndChaos

*000*2012-11-13 01:21

Yeah... I suck at titles xD Here's my X-Men story. Enjoy.

###

Getting a moment of relaxation was rare for the adults at Xavier’s School for Gifted Youngsters, so when Scott Summers and his fiancée, Jean Grey, managed to snag a Saturday afternoon off, they took it for all it was worth. Leaving almost as soon as they could, they both hopped into Scott’s fancy little sports car (that many teased he loved just as much as he loved Jean) and took the two hour drive to New York City.

Since it was such a gorgeous day, the top of the car was rolled down, letting the wind blow through the cab and the sunlight gleam off the ruby quartz sunglasses of the driver. Reaching for the water bottle in the cup holder, Jean opened it and, shaking her light auburn hair to get it out of the way, took a deep swig. Before putting it back, she offered some to Scott, who declined.

“Just remember, it’s my day off,” Jean playfully chastised, while putting the water down again, “If you get dehydrated, you’ll have to find some other doctor to help.”

“Like you would be able to resist patching me up,” he retorted, knowing full-well it was true. Whenever he came into the infirmary with even the most minor wound from a training exercise, Jean always had to be the one to see to him.

“Only when you don’t bring it on yourself,” Jean said, “Though Heaven only knows if that’s not always the case, the way you and Logan go at it sometimes.”

Scott didn’t say anything, but Jean noticed him tighten his grip on the steering wheel and merely resisted the urge to roll her eyes. The rivalry between the two men started pretty much as soon as Logan stepped into the picture. Back then, it was a battle to show off for the girl. Now, with it set firmly – or as firmly as it could possibly be – in Logan’s mind that Jean wasn’t leaving Scott, it became a battle over territory. Like trying to have two stallions in the same herd of horses, it just doesn’t work without the occasional testosterone-fueled spat between them.

‘You know I love you, Scott,’ Jean sent over to him using her telepathy, earning her a grin in response. As soon as she saw the dimples on his cheeks, she knew all was forgiven. Taking another drink of water, she settled back and the next twenty minutes of the ride passed in comfortable silence.

Soon enough, Scott was pulling into the parking lot of their destination, a large shopping center. Given it was a Saturday afternoon, the place was packed and they had to park almost as far away from the entrance as you could get. Neither of them minded at this point as they merely stepped out of the car, locked it behind them, and walked toward the doors to spend the next few hours relaxing and not thinking about the troublesome children they left behind that day.

After a couple hours of shopping, they stopped for a late lunch, with Jean downing a medium tea to add to the water she had earlier. Once done with the meal, they headed to more stores and shopped for a few more hours, shortly before the shopping center closed for the day, before deeming it a successful day as both of them had gotten things they needed and were both ready to get back home.

Walking back to the car, Jean noticed a slight twinge in her bladder as she carried her parcels across the parking lot. However, she ignored it because it was still fairly minor and she thought she would have no problems making it back to the mansion, even through the drive.

As they approached the car, she was caught completely off-guard when Scott swore loudly. Scott never swore unless the situation really called for it, and, upon closer inspection of the car, she found the cause of his concern; someone had slashed the tires of his precious vehicle, leaving behind a very degrading note on their status of being mutants.

“Damn!” Scott said, placing the bags he was carrying on the ground and inspecting the damage. Jean also placed her parcels down, but stayed silent, waiting for the prognosis, which came too soon for it to be good news, “I can’t fix this. Not with the tools I have here. We’ll have to call someone to come get us.”

“I’ll do it,” Jean said, fishing her cell phone out of her purse as Scott merely tore the note from under the windshield wipers and tore it into tiny pieces before walking over to a nearby trash can to throw it away. He didn’t listen to what Jean told the Professor or whoever she was talking to as he walked back over and inspected is poor car again.

After a few more minutes, Jean hung up and walked over to where her husband was squatting down next to one of the tires, placing a placating hand on his shoulder.

“The Professor and Storm are coming to get us, but you know it’ll take them a couple hours to get here,” she said. He didn’t respond for several seconds, but eventually sighed in defeat and stood.

“Might as well get comfortable,” he said, unlocking the car and opening the back door so they could at least get their bags in the car. Once that was done, they sat in the front seats, rolling down the windows a bit to keep it from getting too stuffy.

Jean could tell Scott was fuming about someone hurting his vehicle, so she decided to just stay quiet for now and let him sort his thoughts out. As evening had fallen, the air had gotten a bit cooler. Not too much, but enough to bite at her and make her realize she needed to pee worse then she thought at first. She contemplated walking back up to the shopping center, but remembered seeing them start to close things up as the day wound down. She was certain even the bathrooms would be closed by now, not to mention the front doors of the building.

“Well, if we’re going to be here for two hours, I would rather not spend it in a grumpy silence,” she said, causing Scott to look slightly insulted.

“I’m not grumpy….” He retorted, playfully feigning more hurt than he was actually feeling. Jean just rolled her eyes and reached over to place a light kiss on his cheek.

“Yes, I know,” she said, but in more of a tone that said she really didn’t believe him. Still, the coy smile on her face was enough to keep him from arguing further.

“So what do you suggest we should do to pass the time?” he asked, and Jean was attentive enough to catch the suggestive undertones.

“Too bad the backseat is full…” she said, in a tone up utmost thoughtfulness. She knew Scott was only teasing as anything public is a big line in the sand for him, but it was still fun to jest. Even though the parking lot was now relatively empty, anything with a risk of being caught by another person was a big ‘no’ from the man.

However, that didn’t keep him from reaching over and capturing her lips with his for a long, slow kiss over the center console. When they finally broke apart, Jean was nice and didn’t say anything about the blush that appeared on her husband’s face. It was rare to see Scott get caught up in such a moment and she didn’t want to ruin it.

Over the next hour or so, they just sat there and talked about nothing important. Every once in a while, Jean would have to shift a bit as her bladder filled up even more. Luckily, it was still to the point where she could pass it off as merely having been sitting for so long, so Scott didn’t question her about it. Even so, doubt was starting to creep into her mind about being able to make it back to the mansion. Maybe she could ask the Professor and Storm to stop somewhere on their way home. However, a quick glance at her watch told her it was still upwards of forty five minutes before they would even be there.

“Getting impatient?” Scott asked, noticing her check the time.

“No, I was just curious as to what time it was,” she lied, not wanting him to worry about her or feel obligated to do something. Really, there was nothing to be done until help came, and worrying him would only cause him to go all tactical, spending unneeded energy trying to figure something out.

She felt his gaze linger on her for a moment too long and she knew he was trying to figure it out. He knew something was wrong, and it hurt him that she was lying to him about it. It was enough to guilt her into telling the truth.

“I have to go to the bathroom, okay?” she admitted and immediately saw his mind go into action. She didn’t need her telepathy to know he was trying to figure out what could be done with this situation.

“How bad?” he asked, trying to gauge how serious the situation was.

“Not… terrible?” she answered, trying to downplay it as much as possible. In reality, her bladder was now uncomfortably full and it was definitely to the point where she would be normally finding a way to get to a bathroom no matter what she was doing. She could tell Scott didn’t believe her ruse, especially when she had to shift in her seat a bit as the pressure continued to build.

“Scale of one to ten?”

“Uh… seven?” she said, and this time it was completely honest. She wouldn’t call herself desperate quite yet, but it was definitely getting there.

Scott didn’t say anything, but she saw his eyes scan the empty parking lot around them, trying to figure out what to do. There weren’t any bushes to hide behind, or any structures that would block her from view of the highway that ran past. The only thing they had in the car was the empty water bottle from earlier and he knew it would be difficult for her to use that. The only solace he could think of was, it was only thirty more minutes until their help arrived.

“I’ll be fine, Scott,” Jean interrupted his thoughts, “Storm and the Professor will be here soon.”

But he could hear the doubt in her voice, no matter how hard she tried to hide it. Her bladder was sending urgent signals to her brain and she was having trouble sitting still for longer than a few seconds at a time. Her leg was bouncing and her thighs were pressed together. Even an untrained eye could tell this was a woman dying for a pee.

“But you’ll let me know otherwise?” he asked, feeling a bit nervous himself. He hated that his wife was suffering and he couldn’t think of anything to do to help her.

“Won’t have much of a choice, will I?” she said, through half-way gritted teeth. Her hand was slowly migrating toward her crotch and her jeans were feeling particularly tight around her middle. Without even touching them, she unfastened the button and slid the zipper down a bit. It helped, but she was uncertain as for how long.

This movement only served to cement it in Scott’s head how badly she truly had to go. His mind was racing, trying to think of possible alternatives to waiting. Not even five minutes had passed since he last checked his watch. An uncomfortable silence fell between them, lasting several minutes until Jean suddenly gasped loudly, her hand shooting to hold herself and her legs jiggling madly. Her face was contorted with pain and sweat was beading on her forehead.

“Jean?” Scott asked tentatively after a moment when she seemed to regain the control she had lost. But when her only response was to bite her lip, keeping both hands firmly between her legs, he knew they had to think of a solution. And fast.

Racking his brain as quickly as he could, Scott went into complete tactical mode, trying to utilize his skills for thinking outside the box to come up with an answer. All the while, he kept a close eye on his wife for any signs she was actually losing it.

“Scott…” Jean managed to whimper out, her bladder convulsing heavily. She really didn’t want to wet in his car, knowing how much of an issue it would be to clean. However, she was very unsure of how much longer she could hold it. Her muscles were tired and ached, and her bladder was full and stretched to the point where it felt like it was going to pop. She had already started to feel leaks and dribbles work their way out of her pee-hole, soaking into the gusset of her panties.

“I’m thinking, Jean,” he said quickly, before coming to a realization so obvious, he had to fight the urge to facepalm.

Without saying anything, he stepped out of the car and made his way over to the passenger side. Jean was watching him curiously, wondering what he was up to, but not asking. She has learned it’s best to just let him work it out himself. Once he opened the door beside her, and the cold of the evening air came rushing in, she thought she was about to lose it again. Another large spurt came out as she shivered, seemingly completely bypassing her soaked panties and going right to her jeans, creating a small wet spot on her crotch.

“Come here,” Scott said, helping her turn sideways so she was facing him, “Pull down your pants and sit on the step, here. It’s dark, no one will see you. Come on, I’ll help.”

Jean only nodded a bit and inched forward, placing her feet on the pavement before standing a bit, having to get her pants down before sitting again. However, as soon as she even got her jeans down a little bit, the cold on her skin made her completely lose control. Pee was shooting out of her quite forcefully, hitting the back pockets of her jeans before she got them out of range. A hissing sound was very clear in the air around them as her golden liquids showered the pavement, and expanding into quite a large puddle.

Scott had positioned himself to block her completely from view from the nearby highway and turned his back to give her some privacy once she was situated. He listened to her urinating, knowing just how close she had come to having an accident, and wondering why she hadn’t spoken up sooner, perhaps going when they were still in the mall.

‘Because I didn’t have to go too bad then. I thought I could make it home.’ She answered via telepathy, still peeing full throttle. Even through their mind-link he could hear both the exhaustion and the pure ecstasy in her voice, glad that this ordeal was finally over and she was able to relax and let go.

He let it drop at that, accepting it. She probably would’ve made it home, or, at the very least, would’ve been able to ask him to stop somewhere.

After another minute, her torrent finally tapered down as she emptied. Her urethra was pulsing from all the liquid having passed through it at a high rate and her bladder was tired and felt like a balloon that had been deflated very rapidly. When the last of her liquids had left her, she stood and pulled her pants up, wincing at the wetness, cold from the evening air, on her bum and in her crotch. She had just barely gotten her jeans rebuttoned when a bright pair of headlights drove into the parking lot and headed towards them, as Storm and the Professor arrived.

“Great,” she said, knowing there was no way to hide either the wet patches on her bottom or the expansive puddle she had stepped carefully out of. It didn’t take a genius to figure out what had happened.

“They’ll understand,” Scott placated as the other car pulled up and stopped.

He was right of course, and neither of them mentioned it as they made the fixes necessary to at least get Scott’s car back home, where he had more tools available to make a full repair. Soon enough, they had the one car hitched to the back of the Jeep, which the four of them were crammed into, on their way home. However, only an hour had passed, when Jean’s tired bladder started nudging her again. Being a doctor, she knew she should have expected this, as her urinary system had been through a great workout and was over-exhausted. Still it was hesitantly when she sent a telepathic message to the Professor, who was driving.

‘Could we, um… stop somewhere?’

