The problem of Asuna Yuuki

Author: Asuna.bed.wet

*000*2017-05-13 16:52

This is a brief fanfiction on Sao. Since I'm not english and it's my first fanfiction please do not be too severely in comments. Dopo gli eventi di SAO e GGO Asuna,Liz,Leafa e Silica salutano ALO per un po e dicidono di andare una settimana al mare. Asuna dice a Kirito che sarebbero partite il giorno dopo la mattina presto , di badare a Yui per una settimana e di tenere sotto controllo la casa al piano numero 22 ,va ha farsi una doccia e va a dormire dopo aver bevuto quasi 2 litri d'acqua. Asuna found himself on stage 41 during the battle against the Laughing Coffin.

During the clash were many people dying, and Asuna and Kirito fought shoulder to shoulder, but suddenly PHo guild leader made his appearance and with a sting of stabbers killed 3 players and head Kirito. The two started the clash, but PHo had 3 aides with him and asuna could not help him, suddenly Kirito was hit and died. NOOOOOO! BASTARD!!! exclaimed Asuna who fell asleep faintly and felt a warmth of the family spread in the panties. Asuna wakes up sweating and screams noooo kirito noooo, but realizes she is in her room and calms down, but she feels drops falling from under the bed and a warm feeling between her legs, keep calm thinks, wait do not tell me ... he puts his hand in his panties and says, I do not believe it, I wet my bed, it did not happen since I had solved the problem at 14 years old.

Asuna could not believe it, she got up soaked and dripping,

Went to the laundry with the blankets to wash them, but made too much noise and woke up her mother, Miss What are you doing in the corridor at four in the morning, what is this noise and this stench? Mommy I can explain, I was sleeping and ... I ..... I did ... I wet my bed! Asuna burst into tears and fell to the ground. What a toddler bathing the bed at 18, this is inadmissible, you make me shuffle, tomorrow I will leave you on vacation, but on your return you will not see your amusphear for a month and you will have to wear diapers for a week, hope i will not restart To peeing on it again, I spent so much money to cure you and you start getting wet again?

Asuna burst into tears and said, but ... but ... but mummy I did not go back to being a wet bed, I just got a leak from my bladder, it can happen, you can not lift my amusphear, if you do I'm going to play with my friends. Asuna decides what to do, then 2 weeks diapers and you will take them tomorrow on vacation and if you do not put them next year I will send you to a private school and say goodbye to your friend. No mom can not force me! And now, dear now, row to bed!

Asuna was caught up in desperation, he felt a new loss, made a peal lake at his feet. I'm sucking Asuna, changed and lying in bed tomorrow you'll get a shower now it's late 5 am in the morning! Asuna returned to bed without changing and after drinking 3 glasses.

*001*2017-05-13 17:09

For the second part wait.

*002*2017-05-14 06:13

Part 2

Asuna woke up was dry, but had to go to the bathroom very badly but had to go to the bathroom very badly, had the bladder protruding and pulsating, then try to get up. Or no fuck, he feels a dick and he sees that the pajamas he had bathed last night, and that he had dried, he started to bathe again, then puts his hands between his legs and pushes with force, he gets up and runs in the bathroom leaving a trail In the corridor, he could not believe he had pecked himself twice in a night, then he sat on the water with all the clothes.

He feels so warm and good that he gets the impulse to masturbate, then he closes into the bathroom, pants up and touches himself through his wet panties, when he is about to reach orgasm, his mother knocks.

Asuna what is this liquid on the corridor ... wait until you tell me you did it again pee yourself, Miss, I'm out in 3 seconds !!!

Wait Mama, you're right I pee myself but now I'm changing ... wait a minute!

Asuna come I want to see you with wet pants .... 1 ....... 2 ....... tr ... 3 Asuna go out !!

Asuna opens the door with her cotton panties soaked and still vibrant and excited for orgasm.

Here's mom are out.

Miss I'm very disappointed you are a bad girl!

Asuna's mother strode on the vagina of an asuna for punishment that made her wet for excitement in her panties as she was already excited.

Aaaaaaa fhhhhh, Asuna groaned.

Mummy I can explain ...

You're disgusting, you masturbate and come in panties before me and then you pee in bed and on yourself ...

Now I'm going to buy the diapers you'll have to put on the trip ...

Mama please ... I ... I ... I can not show myself to others with a diaper ...

If you do not want me to go to the trip, I'll change school and break your amusphear.

Dad thought of how to explain it to others ...

*005*2017-05-14 19:40

Part 3

Asuna in the past was a bed wet up to 15 years in his admission to SAO, which had been advised by the psychologist that his mother had paid a lot of money.

From her exit she says she no longer bathe except at the beach or not swimming. She was used to diapers and knocked, but she thought it was all over.

However, Asuna did not have time to think about the past, soon the girls would arrive and with Liz's car they would go to Asuna's seafront home for the trip, Asuna had to prepare and find a credible excuse.

As she entered the room she was scorched on her puddle, and clapping her to the ground, a fever broke away, and a peck of tears that dirted and soaked her even more panties, I wanted to throw it away, it was a pity because they were the most comfortable I think.

Asuna got up and thought that as long as her mother did not return she could enjoy her warm wet panties, then she started packing.

He had finished his suitcase and had thought of hiding the diapers on the others and throwing them in a bucket so the mother thought he had used them.

Play the bell.

Asuna come here!

Yes, Mum.

Feel I took these 3 types are 1 pack per night 1 per day and 1 of absorbent panties for the trip, pack and wear a absorbent panties now, then go down that I have to explain a thing to you.

Oookk mom. Asuna did not want to contradict.

She did not take wet panties and put on absorbers, then went off with a skirt and suitcase for the trip.

Here's mom.

Let me check.

Asuna lifted her skirt.

Okay, but I have more to say than I do not trust you, but to be sure I want your diapers used in envelopes and brought here. Then I want photos of you bathing, then while you sleep ... I feel it's overly, but necessary, I want you to put this in her pussy, it's a detector, sending me as if sleeping, like where and what time bathing.

No! This I do not put it in my femininity!

Asuna if you do it I do not break amusphear ok?

Emmm .... o..am mom.

Good girl.

Play the bell.

*007*2017-05-15 16:49

Part 4:

The girls had come to take Asuna, she was embarrassed to embellish a nappy and before she opened she looked to see if she was disguised. Luckily you do not see anything. Asuna, honey be careful, sorry but this was necessary, now go and have fun! Ooook Mom! Asuna opens the door.

Liz: But how long do you let us open eh? Have you made the suitcases true?

Asuna: Here it is, I'm sorry if I put so much, I'm ready! And you?

Silica: Obviously we are ready then come!

Sughuha (Leafa): Let's have fun!

Asuna: Okay hello mom we see you in 7 days!

Mum of Asuna: Hi! The three get in the car.

Liz: Then Asuna tells us, you have to ring your mother for lending us home, though, since only I have the license, if it was not for me we were still at home! (Liz was very cheeky, witty and confident, and he liked too much jokes)

Asuna: Do not be like that, Liz, you just took the license for 3 days!

Sughuha: What! Will we trust you?

Silica: I would say no! He told me he had taken a long time ... Asuna was asleep since the night had slept little, then decided to sit behind to sleep a bit with the headphones. Soon in the bladder of Asuna, a small lake of liquids was forming.

Silica: Liz, 2 hours have passed, but how far I miss, I'm printing, I want to take a walk! Silica actually had to go to the bathroom, but too shy to ask.

Sughuha: Still 3 hours and 40 minutes.

Liz: Why this hurry ???

Wait ... you have to go to the bathroom ???

Silica: bhe ... a little yes. Silica blushed all over. Liz really concealed a secret, she always liked the girl to bathe themselves, she followed many forums about it, saw vagueness and photos, but she was too scared to be bothered, so she had never been wet for a few moments.

Liz: Silica, now I can not stop, you have to hold at least 1 hour hihihihihi, and do not wet my new car! In fact she hoped this!

Silica: Do not worry, I can keep myself, graze the same! Dusse angry and somewhat embarrassed.

Sughuha: Liz could do less than an hour, I actually did not pee this morning, and I have to go wrong! He admired with embarrassment and embarrassment. Liz, she said do this to me, I too am practicing on it, I realized it now, the first one who is lapping her panties is losing and she has to accompany us to the bathroom at the nearest station all wet, if they get wet before the car Firm have to come in 2, if 3 get wet, they come in 3 and if we wet we bathe then we go home to the sea, so much for 3 hours! Silica and Sughuha were not crude, but then they accepted, as Liz was in the wheel and could not hold herself, and then was the only one to be able to drive. Asuna in the meantime with all the shakes, she had already bathed her absorbing panties, which by the way had not leaked.

Silica told the others, heard, Asuna sleeps, and does she really do? So why do not we wet her, veto it, just do not find it out?

Liz: It's just bad girls ... I like it, you can do it if you can. Sughuha would not consent, but her horses were soaked and cooled, so her pussy would slip away. Silica put in a plastic water bowl at room temperature, as it was hot, put the hand of poor Asuna inside, which immediately released a drop, but did not leak.

Silica: This does not get wet..I do, on the other hand, look, my panties are wet !!! Is the time of the hard game !!! Silica discovered the shirt of Asuna and put on the cool air of the car, then took a sprayer and began to spit asuna throughout the body, but nourished.

Liz: wait 5 minutes and you'll see! Asuna was dreaming of peeing in the pool, her ass was wet and she was almost crap, as cold air had drowned her bowels.

Liz: you can not get wet, I can not hold it anymore! Liz put her hands in her pussy, and she turned her eyes off the sight, but she was going to bang, and she rolled up the steering wheel and before getting wet she was wet all over. Even the other 2 with the shaky were almost wet wiping out, and Silica, even a small drifting wet stained his panties. But nothing. Then silica lifted her asuna skirt to overturn the bowl on her pussy, but noticed a thing.

Silica: Girls, Girls, asuna has .... Hahaha she is wearing a travel panties full of pee!

