The Urges of Ember the Dragoness - An (unoffical) continuation

Author: OrionsBelt

*000*2022-03-28 23:44

Hey all! This story was a story started by user BurstingBunnie, called The Urges of Ember the Dragoness, the link for it is here:

$/49704-the-urges-of-ember-the-dragoness/?do=embed"

I highly recommend you read the first two chapters of this story before reading this one for context. I decided to add my own interpretation and conclusion for the story, as this one has not been updated in three years, and was left on a bit of a cliffhanger. This interpretation, should the author return to the original story, is considered "non-canon". The author's version, obviously, should supersede this interpretation, and I welcome the author to return to this story to finish it, or make another story with the same idea or characters. Personally, I really enjoyed the unique setting and scale of Ember, I might return to Ember and the idea of dragon omorashi since I had fun writing this so much.

Now, without further ado, her is my interpretation for the final part of The Urges of Ember the Dragoness!

###

(4,471 words total)

Ember exerted her flying strength to the best of her abilities, but could only feel all the liquid in her swollen abdomen slosh downwards and stretch her belly. Her poor bladder, weighing the tons and tons, was a weight too much for even her strength. And she was one of the strongest and fastest fliers of any dragoness. Male dragons were typically far superior in strength and speed to their female counterparts, but nevertheless, she was able to compete with most of the males on the off chance they came into contact.

The humans had seen the futile act of flight Ember had displayed, and the Doomsday preachers took notice, and Ember's sympathizers grew weary, but many were compassionate. The Doomsdayers called for war on Ember, as fear took a hold of their agenda. Many more humans grew understanding of their cause and joined in the rally, drowning out the rally of Ember’s supporters. The Doomsdayers hurled aggressions at poor Ember, and some started throwing stones at her. Her scales were plenty tough enough to outlast the thrown rocks - any dragon’s would - but nonetheless it filled her with sadness to see the village turn on her that she put in so much effort and desperation to save.

@@Ember considered trying to stand and walk away from the village and find a place to finally relieve her immense burden, slowly and urgently sloshing inside her huge bladder walls. However, she was afraid to move. The pressure on her poor urethra was beyond immense, implicitly applying it's pressure to her reproductive system, figuratively, as in the arousal from all the pressure, but also literally, as her G-spot ached and begged for something to be put inside it. As she clenched her huge dragon paws on her lower lips, she only just noticed how soaking wet she was. Her juices oozed out of her in preparation for a potential mate to thrust inside of her as she held on to her bladder's payload, moaning and growing as it pushed against her needy pussy and g-spot, only for her to release it all as she came, with enough energy as she roared to create winds to shake homes and trees. Oh… how badly she needed to piss and orgasm everywhere. A thought crossed her mind… Damn these humans, they are but an insignificant species to the might of dragons. The world and time would forget them, and in dragon age, they were mere toddlers. The urge to succumb to her needs mounted. Who in the world would care for a few generations of self-centered humans of one village?...

…Ember did. As much as her body begged her to think of herself, even a dragoness such as herself could not bear the guilt of drowning innocent creatures in such a gruesome way.

@@Ember mustered up her strength, wincing and grimacing as she uncrossed her legs. The townspeople quit their squabbling and took notice, nervous in anticipation whether their town was to be drenched in their fiery prophecy. Ember planted her feet, her voluptuous, sexy dragoness body on full display to the town. She blushed red as she knew her soaked, needy pussy lips were being exposed to the whole town, but she had to persevere. She began to stand, her huge bladder bulge again weighing her down. She felt like she drank -and processed- her entire weight in liquid, as she was a big and proud dragoness. The pressure was immense. Tears welled up I'm her eyes as she slowly continued her ascent. Her entire contents pushed down on her urethra and applied the most intense pressure on her G-spot and reproductive system as a whole. Her vision grew blurry as her heart raced and grew light headed. But she was almost there. She was about to click her knees into a fully standing position, standing high above the town…

But Ember leaked.

She moaned from the pressure, but it sounded like a roar to the townsfolk. A drop, at least a drop to Ember, dripped from her quivering urethra. However this drop was in actuality several gallons of hot piss. It splashed on the ground, creating a small crater and sprayed anyone too close.

Ember immediately collapsed from her own weight, digging her paws into her crotch and falling straight on her huge, curvy dragoness ass. The impact of her ass on the ground sent another leak spurting out of her bladder, to be caught by her paw. The impact sent shockwaves equivalent to small earthquakes throughout the village, and its inhabitants were in full panic mode, thinking the dragon they catered so well for was going to finally flood their poor settlement in a blaze of piss.

Ember gritted her sharp teeth and clenched her crotch and its respective muscles as much as she could. Her abdomen sloshed and wiggled up and down from the sudden impact, similar to that of a ball impacting the ground and rebounding skyward. The pressure, again, was unbearable. Ember's breath was heavy, with tears in her eyes, clenching down with more force than she ever had to before.

The townsfolk that ran to their homes and braced for the waves of amber, started to reemerge at the lack of such. They carefully looked around and back up at the clearly struggling Ember. She felt incredibly weak. Nothing and no one was able to best her strength, but now she was squirming and quivering from her own bladder, it visibly sloshing back and forth as she squirmed, her ass creating a stark imprint in the ground as she wiggled her thick ass into it. Damn it… she thought to herself. She was better than this. She is better than this. She needed to regain her composure. And so, she took a large breath, and consolidated her might to her sore and exhausted pelvic muscles, to recover some semblance of control over herself.

Which after some doing, finally took place. She exhaled after what felt like hours… which probably was a few hours it took the recompose herself. She didn't even have to hold herself by her puffy, hot nethers anymore, but she still sit with her dragon thighs squished together with enough force to turn the largest oak trees into splinters.

The village decided they needed to figure out what to do next. A threat seemed to loom over them, an unprecedented threat that seemed unavoidable and could not be moved. A meeting was held in the town square, and the most intellectual thinkers and leaders gathered and spoke to the nervous crowd, who glanced at the quivering, squirming dragoness from time to time.

@@The meeting described some solutions that could be taken, but people were split on both the urgency and how much they should invest in a solution. One member suggested they cut their losses and evacuate the city to become the domain of the dragon. Ember, who was able to hear the meeting thanks to supernatural senses. Agreed wholeheartedly, but still felt bad about destroying the homes and lives of the village people. To her dismay, the village was unwilling to leave, and it reflected in the public opinion. Another suggested digging a huge hole so the dragon could relieve herself. More libertarian villagers adamantly opposed, unwilling to devote the time and resources to such a project. Another side stated the logistical concern of how big to make it, and what would the village do with a massive lake, tens of thousands of gallons, with stinking yellow dragon piss. It was ultimately shot down, similarly to an idea to transport Ember the thousands of miles to an ocean via a giant "cart". Another idea sprung forth suggesting that large buckets be used, drawn by horses, to incrementally let Ember empty a little of her bladder over time, to be dumped at a discreet location. Immediately the idea was called into question: "What if the dragon couldn't control her stream?" Ember herself had faith but not certainty she could prevent that from happening.

Ember watched in anticipation as the wheels of democracy slowly turned. And slow and aggravating they were. Suggestions turned to arguments, arguments into insults. Ember bounced and jiggled her legs and wiggled her butt. She rolled her eyes at the inefficiency of humans. If dragons had a disagreement, over space or a hoard for example, it all came down to a matter of strength in a battle, sometimes to the death. Although uncommon, these battles were devastating, destroying whole forests and turning hills into mountains from the scars of battle. At least it was more concise than the systems humans put in place.

Finally, after hours of discussion, with the sun setting and Ember's bladder continuing to apply its immense pressure, every jiggle of her bulge sending shivers down her spine, and every pulse of her nether region sending arousal to her brain, a conclusion was reached. A more conservative group emerged that wished to keep efforts and costs low, and they proposed engineering a "plug" to keep the dragon's bladder at bay, until the next generations, which they agree to be more advanced and resourceful, can deal with the needs of the dragon. The general public seemed to like this approach, and little opposition was present.

@@Ember was aghast at the idea and blushed red at the thought of the humans inserting a plug into her dragonhood… But her interest was piqued. How well could a human invention stand to the might of a dragon and her bladder? And if it did, the thought of having her bladder be plugged and test her limits was tantalizing. Perhaps, as the mantra goes, dragons can hold forever. She could be the first dragon to have some so, and holding could take this already immense pressure on her reproductive organs and make her sexual endeavors that much more blissful. She could only imagine the feeling of finding another strong, powerful dragon of the opposite sex, bending her over, and fucking her senseless as he presses his scaly organ deep into her, pushing and prodding her bladder's walls, making her feel a great matter of sensual pleasure, making her roar and moan, perhaps even spit fire as she has done in the past. And when all was said and done, the dragon would cum hundreds and hundreds of gallons straight into her womb, filling her up much like her bladder has filled her thus far. She would cum along with him, roaring loud enough to shear the leaves off of trees and uproot them with the boom of her orgasm, that would send both shakes down her body and the Earth.

Or… or she could find a guild of male dragons, and submit to them, letting them do whatever they please to her and her bladder, all without spilling a single drop of her payload. They could make her drink, push on her, even engulf her in their fire or be used solely as a vessel for their sexual desires, covering her and filling her up with their semen. She prayed to be used as such until her next hibernation, or even past that.

@@She also thought of touring the world for other dragonesses, and challenging them to a contest of strength regarding their bladders. They could drink entire lakes and seas and see which would be the first to release their bladders of thousands of gallons of piss. Ember might be cheating with the plug, but her bladders sheer tenacity would earn respect on its own. Perhaps it could train her to hold those loads on her own. Having won a contest, Ember could get the dragoness to submit to her, and she could have a harem of desperate (she would forbid them from relieving themselves, of course) dragonesses for her exploitation, and her sexual pleasure whenever she needed it. Her mind wandered to a great variety and quantity of sexual fantasies. Her paws snaked their way down to her crotch to grab a hold of herself, the pressure of her bladder mounting ever so prominently, but also to very gently rub her clit, being nearly the size of a person. She cooed softly at the sensual touch and her runaway arousal as her dreams went wild envisioning the great fun and pleasure she could have.

Her daydreaming went on for some time. Her tongue lolled out and her eyes squint closed and she caressed, squeezed, and rubbed her horribly needy clit. However, the feeling lasted for only what appeared to be a short while, as the rays of the sun and the murmurs of the town awoke her. She opened her eyes, it was morning now, she must have been daydreaming those lewd thoughts all night. The cluster of town inhabitants stood within very close proximity to her crotch, her quivering pussy in full view of them. She blushed horribly as they motioned up and down and talked amongst themselves. The group all looked fairly smart, Ember thought it might have been a group of the village’s smartest people to address their problem. She remembered the town's idea of a plug, and she couldn’t help but feel a bit embarrassed but also excited for its “installation”.

The members of the group reached a consensus, it seemed, and motioned a group to come forward. Out came a large wagon, with a completely peeled and sanded tree trunk, just big enough to fit her urethra, it would seem, carried by a number of peasants. Ember grew flushed as she could feel herself sweat. The anticipation was also making her need much more precedent. She tried to avoid covering herself, but curled her toes and clenched her teeth keeping her flood at bay.

The wagon had reached its destination, right at the level of her urethral opening. Ember breathed deep and heavy breaths as she tried to maintain her composure. She could tell just by looking at it, that the trunk was still definitely too big to fit, at least conventionally. However, she only just noticed how slick and wet she still was around her crotch. Her pussy was soaking wet with her teasing and self-indulgence and daydreaming, which extended to her urethral opening, serving as a lubricant, making the opening slick and slippery.

@@Some of the men jumped on the wagon, and began pulling and stretching her urethra’s opening. “Mmmmmf!!~” She barely contained a moan and rolled her eyes back in pleasure. Her poor peehole was so sensitive and sore from her endeavors that the human’s tiny hands sent amazing sensations to her brain. They could barely get a grip to pull it open, as it was so well-lubricated. Some other men began to push the end of the trunk into her urethra while the others held it open. It prodded the opening, sending more sensations of pleasure and anticipation within Ember. She gripped her scally thighs as the nipples on her breasts began to harden like boulders. The men began to very slowly push the trunk inside her. Ember was in pure bliss, she felt she was on the verge of cumming violently from all these feelings. She pinched and twisted her right nipple as she clenched her left thigh with intense strength. The more they pushed, the more Ember began to reach the tipping point of releasing her pent up sexual need. She could feel herself getting closer… and closer… and closer… She could feel it, that burning release she had been craving for over a millenia… It was right there… just… a bit… more…

@@But the townsfolk stopped pushing the trunk. It was now solidly in her puffy, quivering urethra, and felt no need to keep pushing. “No! Please! Keep pushing! I’m so close!”. Ember was desperate and enraged that she was so near her release. The pressure to orgasm and to piss the volume of lakes was immense, and the trunk exacerbated both, but now it wasn’t enough to please her. Ember could only sigh in disappointment. But in the meantime, the village revoiced. They felt they were victorious in the threat over their settlement, providing a strong but temporary solution to their problem, to be solved by their future generations. Ember was less certain of the plug’s durability. She felt that if she pushed even a little hard, or made one wrong move, or God forbid: orgasm, it would shoot out as a projectile and drown the village in their prophecy, providing Ember with the intense relief and satisfaction she desperately craved, but was ultimately not worth taking the innocent lives of thousands of humans. She decided to let the humans have their victory. At the very least, she would not have the threat of leaking under normal circumstances. Despite the added assurance, Ember decided not to take any unnecessary risks by standing or walking, with flying now an impossibility. She made herself comfortable in the patch of land she had been sitting in for the past couple days.

It had been a few weeks now, and Ember was still holding on tight, with her new lid firmly on the overflowing bottle of her bladder. Her belly extended so far she couldn’t see the top half of her thighs. The pressure of her bladder of many lakes pushed on all aspects of her body immensely. The rainy season’s rains only added to her pressure. On some days a downpour would torrent on Ember. If the torrents happened while she slept, her dreams were filled with the thoughts of those rains adding each and every drop to her ginormous capacity. It could be said with certainty, that Ember held the most any dragon, nay, any thing has ever held before.

And Ember loved it.

The pressure on her urethra, on her body, on her libido, everywhere pressure could be felt, it was there, and she loved it all. Liquid sloshed inside of her, bouncing her belly back and forth, up and down as she moved every so slightly. Despite her bladder’s condition, she still craved more. During the downpours she would open her jaws to the sky and inhale more and more of the rain’s water, adding perhaps another couple hundred, if not thousands, of gallons of liquid to her gargantuan tank. Not because she was thirsty, but just so she could see just how far she could go. She had been slowly and secretly playing with herself those weeks as well, she was so incredibly sensitive from all the pressure, that just by touching her clit she risked orgasming everywhere and releasing her contents all over the village. She regrettably remained mostly abstinent from her indulgence, but it was truly starting to weigh on her.

And she truly, truly, needed to pee.

@@Even as the dragon montra goes, with dragons never needing to pee and all, Ember had to admit to herself that after drinking perhaps an oceans worth of water, it was only a matter of time before she would burst everywhere. The tree trunk that had remained in her urethra for all those weeks was beginning to loosen, the pressure slowly working it out of her. Yet, the townspeople took no notice or care in Ember, despite her plainly obvious condition. They had no understanding, so they remained blissfully unaware of the impending doom they thought they had solved for the time being. Ember put a paw on her belly, it was completely firm. It had no give, and now, no more room to expand. By this point, there was little she could do but try to hold back the inevitable. She clawed at her crotch to try to push the plug far enough into her urethra, to no avail: the pressure slid it back out just after she would push it back in, every time. She breathed heavily, just trying her absolute hardest to remain in control that was slowly slipping from her.

But on this Spring afternoon, something felt a bit off to Ember. As a dragoness, she was notably in touch with her surroundings, even in her desperate state. She could feel the ground shake, and it felt as if something was… moving, no, churning inside of the Earth. Suddenly, the churning sensation started to turn to a slight rumble.

Uh oh. Ember recognized almost immediately what was going on. She has been on this Earth for many eras and witnessed many of these events. The rumble grew stronger, the people of the village looked around in confused concern. And then, the Earth began to shake. The shaking sensation was much felt by Ember’s bladder, her firm abdomen sloshing back and forth as the ground shook. She clawed her crotch, barely able to reach it around her hugely distended belly. The shaking grew more and more in intensity, people fled to their homes, screaming and panicking.

Suddenly, a cracking boom was heard all over the village. It came from the mountain that Ember used to call her den. The mountain was beginning to collapse in on itself! The mountain imploded, as suddenly huge clouds of ash began to erupt out of the side of the mountain. No doubt about it, the large mountain that Ember called her den was actually a dormant volcano! It explains why the mountain’s insides were nice and warm, she thought. The implosion opened a crater inside the mountain, and hot magma began pouring out and flowing quickly towards the village! Ember had seen eruptions before, but this volcano had produced the most magma she had ever seen, it would absolutely drown the village in fiery death no sooner than a minute!

Ember knew what she had to do.

Perhaps on instinct, perhaps due to her absolutely insanely desperate need, she made up her mind to save the village, once again. But first she had to position herself between the village and the flow. The magma flow was approaching the East side of the village; she was at the North. She would have to stand and move in order to meet it, and fast. As quickly as she could, she began to stand up, her bladder violently protesting ,trying to release several leaks as she moved. She grew light headed from standing up so fast, and moaned at the sensation. She still had her paws firmly in her crotch. She paced over to the East side, her staggered steps ringing thuds that shook the Earth. Her bladder tried to spurt and release its contents at every step. Her bladder had enough, it wanted out.

Ember managed to reach the East side of the village perimeter, the flow advancing strongly towards her, the heat of the lava warming her where she stood. Her bladder was pushing with incredible force, Ember’s vision grew fuzzy as she breathed very heavily. The tree trunk that was stuffed into her uterus was slipping out, and splintering from the force it had kept at bay for so long. This is it, Ember knew exactly what she had to do.

She fell down on her thick rump, laid back, legs spread, and pushed with all her strength.

The tree trunk flew out like a projectile, and the frothing, boiling piss, trapped in her for millennia from before her hibernation, sprayed out in a similar fashion. Ember roared violently at the pleasure and satisfaction she experienced, and immediately dug her paw onto her clit, to which it took only a few strong strokes for her to orgasm the most amazing and violent orgasm she had ever experienced. The piss poured out like the strongest waterfall on Earth, and cooled and hardened the lava, stopping it in its tracks! The piss misted into the air on contact with the magma, so there was no risk of Ember flooding the valley of the village.

@@Ember’s piss and sustained orgasm lasted for hours, all the liquid inside of her taking its time to come out, but still shot out with such incredible force it could carve a canyon into the hardest rock. Ember was in pure bliss. The only thing that could make it better was a giant dragon cock being stuffed inside her as she released, but she could hardly complain. But as the day turned to evening, Ember’s torrential waterfall turned into a river, then to a stream, then to a trickle, then nothing at all. The volcano had similarly emptied its contents, the magma hardened into a unique obsidian that shined a glossy black. Ember felt weak and limp, but was completely, totally satisfied. Her breath was heavy, and she was tired. But eventually, she mustered her strength to look back at the village she had saved. They looked at her, utterly flabbergasted, but erupted into cheers and celebration at their savior, once again. The prophecy came true, somewhat, but the boiling yellow rivers were to save their village, not to destroy it. A celebration bigger than the last was held, with more partying, drinking, and even praying and blessing the dragoness, as to some, she was a goddess. Ember was flattered, but was too exhausted to do much of anything else. The same as before, she was offered expensive wine and the best animals the farms could slaughter for her consumption, which she accepted gracefully. She once again drank a strong amount of alcohol and other beverages, which made its way through her tired kidneys and to her battle-scarred bladder. But she could hardly care, she was so exhausted. She dozed off to sleep as the partying continued into the night.

Ember awoke to the whole town bowing and praying to her. As a sign of good fortune, they continued their offerings, but Ember knew she had overstayed her welcome, by some time. She felt much lighter, shedding perhaps her entire body weight in urine. She felt flight come back to her as easy as ever, and her stomach, still bloated as it was recovering, was much, much smaller. Ember bowed back to the village, which gave one last hurrah back to Ember. She beat her wings, and began to take off to the skies, to explore the world once more after her hibernation, seeking the company of other dragons, particularly male ones - despite her pleasure, she wouldn’t feel totally fulfilled without something extra.

She flew a thousand miles, before coming across a lake and feeling thirsty, to which she gulped nearly half its volume. Her belly full of liquid, she took to the sky, this weight meaning little to her by now.

She flew another couple thousand miles, before reaching a shoreline over a massive ocean. The sight of all that water made Ember start to feel the very first urges of needing to piss, rather unprecedented being so soon after her immense relief.

Ember ignored the urge, and continued to fly over the ocean, opting to hold it.

The End

*002*2022-03-29 03:24

{{3 minutes ago, Tentacool said:

Having now given this a proper reading...

Yeah, 10/10. Your descriptions and comparisons are on point, and personally I find them even better since you gave note of the Dragoness' body, aswell as giving her a bit more personality with the blushing and the way she teases herself.

The fantasies, the interactions, the PLUG!! I love it all, even if the original artist comes back and this turns non-canon, this will always be the true ending in my mind. Incredible!

}}

Thank you so much Octo! This maybe might start an interest for myself to take old fics that have not been updated in a long time, (including mine, I admit), and continuing them. Your comment is really motivating!

$

