The Sphere - Page 10

Author: SashaButters

*226*2016-03-03 20:40

“So Strokes has learned the truth of her DID.”

“It appears she has. How much sorrow were you able to collect?”

“Enough to make our quota for the order, and then some. The governor is pleased with our progress. He has personally tested our anti-depressants after the death of his son, and is willing to vouch for their effectiveness. Three drops under the tongue seems to be the most effective treatment for most behavioral and psychological ailments. No ill side effects have been reported. 1856 has been a wonderful source in many different areas, not just what she had been recruited for. ”

“Children are much more emotional than adults. What is our next order?”

“A member of parliament over seas has requested an anger management solution. Should be simple enough, a little provocation should do the trick.”

“What is your plan for that?”

“Nothing gets them riled up quite like un-equal treatment. I believe our best course of action would be favoritism on the little one- single her out. Subject 1254 is the middle child of a large family; reports have even stated she psychically attacked a younger sibling over parental doting. After seeking treatment from a psychiatrist, she was diagnosed with Intermittent Explosive Disorder eight years ago at the age of 16. I believe she should be our main target.”

“How will the favoritism affect 1856? We don’t want her getting too comfortable here.”

“I believe it will worsen her anxiety; not improve it. Since she knows the truth she’s bound to be suspicious. Not only that, but pitting the others against her will likely drive a wedge in her relationship with 1857 if we order her other half to get closer with the others. We could kill two birds with one stone if we separate their rooms, now they have found comfort in each other’s presence.”

“Yes, I like your thinking. They’ve been getting too close lately. Their brain waves have become more and more in sync.”

“Judging from their conversations; they’ve been practicing telepathy. It is unknown if they’ve been successful, or what has been sent between the two, as we cannot read minds. This could be dangerous if they were to plot an escape.”

“Let’s not get ahead of ourselves. The exits have been blocked, even if they have found a way to communicate, I doubt 1856 would leave 1857 behind now that they have found each other. We’re talking about one mentally unstable teenager; not a genius. Her brother may have taught her a few tricks that scattered between the two personalities, but he is not here to help them.”

“What if either 1856 or 1857 exhibits the same level of intelligence as the brother? He installed our security system at the age of ten.”

“I wouldn’t worry about that. 1856 has been caught doodling, ‘I love bacon’ in notebooks during class, and 1857 couldn’t care less about things that don’t directly concern her. Even before the permanent split, Strokes managed to freeze her butt to a pole.”

“What will happen to the subjects once the year is up?”

“A gas will be released in the head compartment causing the heart to stop. An autopsy will reveal they died of natural causes. Blame will be passed onto the technicians who set the equipment up.”

“What’s to keep the technicians from fighting back?”

“They will be the first to be terminated. A signal will be sent over the Sphere to scramble their brainwaves until the brain ceases to function. Their cause of death will be Euphoria.”

“I’d suggest offing them one at a time to prevent suspicion.”

“No one will miss them. We’ve hand picked the burdens to society and their families. What is that face for, Briggs?”

“It seems…cruel. These people have families and loved ones. They will be missed. Why kill them? Why not just pay them off, and send them back home?”

“People cannot know what we’re doing here. Sacrio made that mistake the first time with their testing and was shut down due to unethical experimentation.”

“Isn’t that what we’re doing now?”

“Our people in power need an immediate cure to the curse that is negative emotions. If we hadn’t stepped in and offered the governor hope; he would have blown his own brains out. Think of what we can do. Soldiers who don’t feel fear. Leaders who don’t feel stressed.”

“But why are we making these kids suffer? Most of them are barely in there twenties. Couldn’t we have just been upfront and gotten volunteers?”

“Because of course people are going to jump at the chance of being tortured in order to make drugs. Not all lives are equal, Mr. Briggs.”

###

Sasha and Crystal sat across from each other in the mess hall on their lunch break. Sasha held up a playing card in front of her and tried as hard as she could to project the image into Crystal’s mind with little success. She strained as she thought about the king of hearts to the point her face was going red.

“Umm, queen of diamonds.” Crystal guessed. Sasha shook her head and focused. “Jack of spades? Ace of spades? Seven of hearts?”

“You’re just guessing.” Sasha said. She put down the card on the table face up and let out a sigh. This wasn’t working. Sometimes they could make it work, and sometimes they couldn’t. Their link appeared to revolve around emotion, but try as she might, she just couldn’t get emotional over a playing card.

“Maybe if I kicked you.” Crystal said, thinking out loud. “It seems to work better under tense situations.”

“Don’t you dare!” Sasha growled. “OW!” She turned her head and scowled. Son of a bitch!

“Did that help?” David asked with a smirk. “Do you need me to smack her again?”

“What was that for?” Sasha demanded rubbing the back of her head.

“Your girl friend wanted you to feel pain, just thought I’d help.” He said.

“She’s not my girl friend!” They both said in unison.

“Then why are you always together?” David asked. He set his tray down on the table next to Sasha and sat down. She imagined slamming his face down into his mashed potatoes, but she knew it would be a waste of perfectly good mashed potatoes. Maybe she should spit in them instead.

She was halfway considering it when she heard Crystal’s voice say, “that’s gross.” She looked up to see her scowling face. Had she said that out loud? She turned to look at David, but he appeared to not have heard anything. Great, so she could send images of her spitting in mashed potatoes, but not a fricken king of hearts? Figures.

“Looks like we’re sitting here today.” Jasmine said joining their table followed by the redheaded girl named April. For the last couple of weeks she had strived to be on better terms with the others. Once they had had a few normal conversations they saw she wasn’t crazy- well not as crazy as they had imagined. She wondered what would happen if they found out Crystal was her split personality.

Try as she might though, she just couldn’t get along with April. She smiled at her, laughed at her jokes, and had even taken an empty tray for her, but no matter what she did or said; she was always met with a cold hard scowl. She eventually gave up trying to be friends with her. For one reason or another, she got the feeling April hated her.

Arnold wasn’t so bad a guy - when he was apart from David anyway. David had a way to bring out the worst in people. If anyone’s sexual orientation was being questioned it should be those two. She smirked as an idea popped into her head. Their link seemed to be open at the moment, so she conjured up an image in her mind of David feeding a forkful of spaghetti to Arnold during a romantic candle lit dinner. The sudden grin on Crystal’s face told her she saw it. Sasha took it up a notch and pictured something a bit more obscene-with David as the bottom. Crystal choked on her water, her cheeks bright red. Sasha giggled as everyone stared. Maybe the link wasn’t so bad after all.

“You suck.” Crystal said telepathically.

“Probably not as well as David.”

###

The cadets lined up one by one inside the gun range. Today was the first day they would be allowed to fire a gun on the range. Even though Sasha had won the bet, the embarrassment of getting knocked back by the recoil had taken its toll. She had opted to continue the safety lessons. She couldn’t figure it out though. Why were they learning to shoot? Was it just to protect the lie?

The first week after learning the truth had been miserable. She lost hope. What was the point, she found herself wondering at every turn. The things she had so eagerly devoured before held next to no appeal to her. What was the point of proving herself to the class if it meant nothing? Why should she fight to make herself stand above the others if all it meant was drawing attention to herself? Oh look, they would say, she still has plenty of motivation and hope. Can’t have that. It was best to stay under the radar and watch.

Barkley stood over the lot of them shouting lane assignments after they stood in front of the scanner. “This time it’s going to be different. Instead of projecting a fear outward as a target, you will try to hit the target while your fear is projected inward.” Everyone exchanged looks with each other. An inward fear? What did that mean?

Instead of facing a cartoon horse, she faced a regular black and white target, along with everyone else. They stood at the ready as Barkley came up to each cadet and handed out the weapons. “Try not to blow a hole in your foot this time.” He said, his voice dripping with sarcasm as he handed Sasha the small handgun. She opened the chamber to see six bullets inside. She couldn’t imagine how people did it in the old days. Having to reload after every six shots would have been a pain. There was a little 3D printer inside every gun. Every time a shot was fired, a new bullet was printed into the chamber to take the place of the spent round.

If anything- even if this was all pointless in the end- she had learned quite a bit. She knew the proper stance to take, how far apart her feet should be, how high to raise her arms. This time she was ready for the recoil, and yet, she trembled. As if every eye was trained on her just waiting for her to make a mistake. Barkley was watching with a smile as malicious as last time. She didn’t have to turn around to know. She could feel it. She tried to control her breathing, the anxiety tightening like a knot in her chest. Stupid! Can’t you do anything anymore without having a panic attack? Stop being so weak! You’re the only one freaking out; pull yourself together!

“She’s going to shoot you.” Crystal’s voice said. Sasha turned her neck to find Crystal staring at her with wide eyes. Sasha looked around in a panic. Who was going to shoot her? “She’s never going to forgive you. You were never meant to exist. You’re an accident. You’re not real. You’re never going to have a family. She’s thinking of ways to delete you.”

Sasha stared at Crystal confused for a moment. What was she saying? Was she saying these things to her or… These were Crystal’s fears that were being projected to her it seemed. So this is what Barkley meant. They were each fighting their own inward battle.

“Crystal! Snap out of it!” Sasha said out loud, breaking her trance. “I’m not going to hurt you.” She said softly. “It’s ok.” Crystal’s panic had at least snapped her from her own downward spiral. She looked around pleased to see everyone was too busy dealing with their own issues. Not a single eye was watching her. Her fears were nothing more than a projected feeling from the scanner. Even Barkley was still busy handing out weapons to give her a second thought.

“This exercise is too see how you handle on the spot decisions while dealing with your own personal struggles.” Barkley said once he had finished. “Can you put aside your internal battles long enough to make rational choices, or will your inner demons get the best of you? Get into position!”

Sasha loaded the chamber, snapped it into place and raised her weapon at the target waiting for the signal.

“No no no! What are you doing?” Barkley yelled. Sasha’s heart sunk. Now what? What was she doing wrong this time? She lowered her gun and turned around expecting to see him looming over her with a scowl, but he wasn’t there. She breathed a sigh of relief when she saw him tearing into April instead. It had come to be something of a ritual. If Barkley was yelling, it was usually at her. It was odd to see him intimidating the others; she had figured she was his favorite to push around. “That’s not how you hold a weapon! You’re going to hurt yourself or someone else! Brindey!” Sasha gulped. This couldn’t be good. “Hold your weapon at the ready.” Sasha raised her arms and got into position. “That’s how you fire a weapon. Learn from her!”

What… the… hell... Had her ears deceived her? It almost sounded like he had just complimented her. Her heartbeat fluttered for a spit second as she inwardly beamed at the praise. Even if this was a lie, it still felt good to be recognized. Her eyes met Aprils. Her newfound happiness was replaced by dread in an instant when she was met with the angry scowl. Sasha looked away, her gaze resting instead on the others. David’s eyes shifted back and forth, his near permanent smirk replaced by a look of worry. She wondered for a brief moment what someone like him was afraid of.

She stood back at the ready when Barkley began the count down. The real targets would emerge once they landed a shot on the black and white target in their lane. The goal was to score at least 500 points. A hit scored you 25 on the body, but a headshot gave you 50; negative 50 if you shot something you weren’t supposed to. She froze for a second when he gave the ok.

The overwhelming and indescribable sensation of being a failure shot through her. She shook her head of the thoughts and tried to focus. Disappointment. Fire. She missed the target. Worthless. She pulled the trigger again hitting the target square in the center. Below average. A new target appeared faster than she could blink. A cartoon pony. She triple fired into its head only for 150 points to be deducted. Was it because she fired more than once? Another pony replaced it.

She shot it, only for more points to be deducted. So she wasn’t supposed to shoot them? Why? They were her fear after all. Pathetic. You should be ashamed. No! Stop beating your self up and think! A man with a gun appeared as her target. She shot it in the head. Fifty points were added. Criminal. Shoot. Civilian. Don’t shoot. Alien. Shoot. Pony. Shoot. Damn it! More points were deducted. Don’t shoot the ponies! Failure. Weak minded. You’re going to die here. Zombie. Shoot. Old Lady. Don’t shoot. School children. Don’t shoot. Ponies. Sh- Don’t shoot! This is pointless!

They all fired shot after shot at the ever-changing targets. Some were far back, some off to the side, and some were even right in front of them. Her heart was pounding in her chest by the time Barkley shouted, “Cease fire!” Pointless or not, it was still fun. She grinned wide at her total score of 870. She had made the five hundred goal and then some. “You should all be ashamed!” He yelled at the group. “Not only did the majority of you fail to get into your target range, but leading the group is the girl who nearly blew off her bloody foot!” He turned to April. “You got the worst score in the class! Negative 325? How did you even manage to do that?” April’s face turned a similar shade of red to match her hair. Her fists were scrunched together at her side and she was glaring daggers at Sasha.

“It was rigged! Every thing I shot deducted points!” April said.

“Then don’t shoot it!” Barkley yelled covering his face with his hand. “I can’t believe how stupid you lot are. Just because you’re afraid of something doesn’t mean it’s bad!” So that’s why she wasn’t supposed to shoot the ponies, Sasha realized. “That girl is the only one who figured it out!” He said. He jabbed his finger in Sasha’s direction. She swallowed nervously. All eyes were on her, and none of them looked pleased. April looked as if she was going to murder her in her sleep. If she thought being on Barkley’s bad side was the worst thing in the world, she was about to realize, it was nothing to being on his good side.

*229*2016-03-05 02:10

Things had progressively gotten stranger. The more classes they had, the more Sasha was convinced April was plotting her death, but for what reason, she had no idea. All she knew was April hated her. The more the others talked with Sasha, the more times she caught April glaring daggers at her. Had she done something to make her mad? Barkley, it seemed, was only making things worse.

She had always pictured she would enjoy getting praised. How many hours had she spent daydreaming, before she learned the truth, of Barkley admitting her worth as a solider? Now that she didn’t want it, he seemed more than willing to single her out as, “S.P.P material”. Worse was when he would compare her to April. April, it seemed was his new target. No matter what she did, it wasn’t good enough.

Sasha felt bad for her. She really did. She knew what it was like to be the odd one out. Even now she was still the odd one out, except now it was for an entirely different reason. She wasn’t sure anymore which was worse. She didn’t feel like she deserved it. She was growing suspicious. Sasha had a bad feeling there were ulterior motives behind it, and she suspected it had something to do with April. Sasha’s suspicions were confirmed the next day.

The cadets stood barefoot in the white padded room, gravity belts cinched around their waists. A feeling of dread and misery filled every one of them. The workouts had been getting more brutal everyday. Their bodies were tired, worn out, and hurt in places they didn’t know possible. Lunges, squats, push-ups, sit ups, sprints, all in intensified gravity. It was pure agony.

Ever since the incident with Andrew, the belts synced together and turned on and off automatically. Sasha got into position, and braced herself for what was to come. She winced and sucked in air as the belt turned on and her feet sunk into the padded floor. The resistance got worse and worse each day, but today seemed different. She didn’t feel as off balance today. Instead of feeling like her body was going to collapse under the weight of gravity, all she felt was a slight pressure holding her down. She wondered for a minute if maybe she was just getting used to it. Or maybe they were all starting off slow today and increasing the resistance as time went on.

Sasha looked at the others faces and grew more and more puzzled. They all gritted their teeth clearly in the same level of agony she had expected herself to be in. How strange. They got into position and started to lunge across the workout room. Her thighs burned with every movement and some let out audible groans of pain. She kept going, lunge after lunge, until she made it to the other side of the room. She looked behind her to find she had led the pack by a good ten seconds. Their faces were red as they strained to move their legs and bend. Crystal, whom she was normally evenly matched with, wore a grimace with every dip. April was far behind the others, struggling to even move, let alone dip and rise.

There had to be something wrong with Sasha’s belt. It was the only conclusion she could think of on her way back. There was no other way she could be so far ahead of the others. She briefly wondered if she wasn’t lunging correct, but shook the thought out of her head. The agonizing pain in her thighs told her she was doing it right. Not to mention Barkley would be on her so fast if he caught her cutting corners. It had to be her belt. She wasn’t getting the same amount of resistance as the others.

“Pick up the pace, Anderson! Brindey’s about to lap you!” Barkley shouted. Sasha wanted to groan. Please don’t drag me into this. Not when she felt like she was cheating. She was about to speak up, but April beat her to it.

“There’s something wrong with my belt!” April said as she continued to struggle. Her body was shaking, her breath came in ragged gasps, and sweat covered her face giving it a glossy finish.

“There’s nothing wrong with your belt! I don’t want to hear it! Excuses excuses excuses!” Barkley said. “My belt’s broken, the machine’s rigged against me.” He spoke in a high pitch voice mocking her. “Maybe the problem isn’t the equipment. Maybe it’s you. Ever thought of that, princess?” Sasha turned her head away and continued her lunges. “Everyone’s on the same level of resistance. It’s automatic. If I have to hear you complain one more time…”

Sasha wasn’t so sure about that. While it was true April had been complaining an awful lot lately about unfair treatment, to the point of sounding like a whiney child, Sasha wondered if it was true. He had just said there was no way their belts were out of sync, but she had yet to feel the same level of gravitational force the others seemed to be experiencing. Maybe she was just getting stronger.

Barkley led them through squats, push-ups, planking, sit-ups, and a jog around the room. April was the first to pass out on the floor, with Barkley standing over her to remind her she was the scum someone stepped in and was trying to scrape off the bottom of their shoe. Sasha felt bad for her. No one deserved that kind of treatment. On her next lap around she stopped in front of April and offered her a hand up.

“I don’t need your help!” April shot back knocking Sasha’s offered hand away. Sasha frowned, unsure of what to do and feeling awkward for even having offered. She hadn’t meant to insult her pride; she was only trying to help. She watched April struggle to even sit up, before giving up and falling back down. She needed to manually override it. Sasha stuck her hand towards the middle of Aprils belt in order to turn it off, but froze a few inches away. The pressure was so intense she could barely move her hand. Had April been trying to work out in this? No wonder she couldn’t keep up!

“What are you doing, Brindey?” Barkley said.

“There’s something wrong with her be-” Sasha tried to say, but was cut off.

“There’s nothing wrong with it; there’s something wrong with her.”

“I can barely move my hand when I put it in her field.”

“That’s because the pressure doubles when you enter someone else’s field while yours is still activated. Leave her, it will shut off with every one else’s.”

Sasha frowned, but did what she was told. She wasn’t sure he was telling the truth or not. She flexed her fingers under her own miniscule gravitational field before making a fist. Had she been telling the truth the whole time? As annoying as she was, was her equipment always rigged? They were torturing April on purpose; she was sure of it. What did they want from her though? On her third lap around, she decided to press the issue. She went back to April, who was still lying on the floor. She offered her a hand, only to have it batted away again.

“I believe you.” Sasha said, hoping somehow that would make a difference.

“I don’t want your sympathy, pants pisser.” April spat.

“What’s your problem with me?”

“Don’t think I don’t notice they go easy on you because you look like a little girl. You’re no better than the rest of us.”

“I never thought I was!” Sasha said. She was starting to get angry now. She had just been trying to be nice, only to be rebuffed at every turn. For a split second she wanted to tell her this was all a fake; to see her heart break the way hers had, but she held her tongue. Crystal thought it wasn’t a good idea to tell the others. If more people knew, they might just kill the lot of them now and start over.

“Stop.” Sasha heard. Crystal had opened their link, and was stepping in. Sasha ground her teeth and left April to fend for herself.

###

“Why does she hate me?” Sasha asked Crystal as they waited in line for dinner.

“My guess is they’re making her angry on purpose. It’s best not to get involved.” Crystal said.

“Kind of hard not to when Barkley keeps comparing us. Why is he suddenly praising me? I thought he hated me?”

“You were established as the worst candidate in the beginning. By comparing you to April he’s telling her she’s the worst of the worst.” Crystal leaned against the railing and grimaced. “These workouts are killing me.”

“Thanks,” Sasha said. She had her suspicions the praise wasn’t real- or earned- but it still stung a bit. She was being used as a way to manipulate the others. “You know, my belt was lighter than everyone else’s today. It was the only reason I was able to keep up.”

“No fair.” Crystal groaned. “You get to carry my tray for me then; I can’t feel my arms.”

“You cheater!” A growl from behind them said. They turned to find April a few people down in line. “The rest of us are working our asses off, and you’re just coasting through on an easy setting! You knew my belt was turned up higher, and you didn’t say anything about your own!”

Sasha’s heart was beginning to beat rapidly. Uh-oh. Busted. Please don’t make a scene.

“Ignore her.” Crystal whispered.

“She’s cheating! I hope they find you and kick you out!” April shouted. Sasha wished they would too. “She had her belt turned off, guys!”

“Shut up; you’re annoying.” David said. April charged and knocked Sasha’s tray of food on the ground before storming off. They all stood in the awkward and quiet mess hall unmoving. Everyone’s gaze was focused on Sasha. Her eyes began to water.

“Don’t get upset over this.” Crystal said. “They’re provoking her; don’t take it personally.” Sasha shook her head.

“What a waste of food.” Sasha mumbled seeing her mashed potatoes, corn and ham scattered across the floor. “Will I still get dessert?”

“Oh my god, that’s what your upset about?” Crystal said shaking her head. “You really are turning into little kid.”

###

Sasha decided she needed to blow off a little steam after dinner. She was agitated after everything that had happened. Classes were over and she still had an hour until she had to report for cleaning duties. She wished she could shoot something, but she couldn’t play games here. Where could she go? An idea popped into her head so she hurried to the classroom, happy to still see it open. She frowned and looked around. It was just an empty room. She was hoping she could use the gun range, but she didn’t know how to change the room.

“What are you doing here?” Barkley asked, poking his head in.

“It’s free time, I need to shoot something, or I’m going to go crazy.” Probably not the best way to phrase that, she realized, but she didn’t give it a second thought. She was going through withdrawals.

“Knock yourself out.” He said, and with a clap of his hands, the room changed into the gun range she had been hoping to find. “Don’t dirty my floors.” And then he was gone. Sasha was surprised he was leaving her unsupervised with a room full of weapons, but it wasn’t the real world after all. Even if she tried to shoot up the place, they couldn’t die. With the armory unlocked for her, she browsed her choices of arsenal. She had to stop herself from going for the big stuff; Crystal wasn’t here to carry her to sickbay if she blew a hole in herself again.

She picked another handgun; it seemed safe enough. She loaded the barrel and walked over to the lanes. Her first instinct was to go to the one she had been assigned the previous day, but a nagging curiosity sent her to April’s after she scanned herself. She stood at the ready, and began firing at the targets when they appeared. Her aim was terrible today; she could barely hit anything. Every time she aimed for the head she wasn’t even close, so she settled for lower scored body shots, and even then she only hit the sides. What was going on? Even worse, when she did hit them, points were deducted, not added. No matter what the target was it subtracted points. She stopped shooting and let out an irritated sigh. April really was being set up, but was she the only one?

She walked over to the lane she had the previous day and started the program. Every shot was perfect. The bullets went right between the eyes, even when she wasn’t aiming. She didn’t know what made her more irritated: that they were making April look bad or making Sasha look far better than she really was. April’s lane reflected the bullets while Sasha’s lane had pulled them in. The third lane she went to was much better. While she was far from a perfect shot, she still had better accuracy than April’s lane suggested. It took her a little while to compensate for the recoil, but it was manageable. By the end of the hour, she could hit the target every time- not perfectly, but a hit was still a hit and that would have to do for now.

It was another long and tedious night mopping the bathrooms. Everyone’s groans of pain left Sasha scrambling to pick up the slack seeing as how she was the only one capable of moving more than a few inches at a time. The harder she tried to work, the more dirty looks she got from the others as if her ability to move was a sign of her dishonesty, instead of the fact that she was trying her hardest to help the others. She scowled when she found the others huddled in a group talking. All grew quiet when she approached, which meant she knew exactly what the subject of their discussion was. She sighed and went back to work; she was an outcast once again- the reason had changed, but the results were still the same. Her frown increased when she saw the head of green hair in the group. They locked eyes for a split second and Crystal shrugged.

“Sorry, I have my orders. I’ll tell you about it later tonight.” Crystal said as they passed. Why? It wasn’t like they were going to ever give her a chip. When they finally finished, Sasha dragged herself to her room and placed her palm on hand reader. The screen glowed a bright red and her bedroom door remained locked. What? She tugged on the door, but it wouldn’t budge. She tried to scan her palm, but again an error message displayed.

Sasha Brindey, You have been assigned to room 11. Your belongings are already there waiting for you.

Room change? She glanced at the door, and sure enough, her name was no longer listed as a room occupant. Instead it listed Crystal Kisara and…April Anderson?! April was taking her room? Did that mean she had April’s room now? Three weeks ago she would have done anything to have her own room, but now, her insides hurt at the thought of being separated from Crystal. She cringed at another realization. If April hated her before, how would she feel now that Sasha was booting her out of her space, and April was now forced to share a one-person bedroom? Sasha would definitely be sleeping with one eye open tonight.

*232*2016-03-09 05:51

Crystal tossed and turned in her sleep while quiet, but agitated whimpers escaped her mouth. Her cries for help grew louder and louder with every passing minute the longer she spent in the confines of her nightmare. April groaned from her spot on the bed, before trying to use her hands to block out the noise. With every attempt unsuccessful, she chucked her pillow at the sleeping girl on the floor.

Crystal awoke with a start. She gasped for air and tried to fight the confines of her blanket that wrapped around each limb pinning her down. Her eyes darted back and forth as they tried to adjust to the darkness, until they rested on the familiar ceiling above her. She thought back to what she had been dreaming about, but all she could come up with was a feeling of dread. She wondered for a brief moment if Sasha was the one having nightmares, and Crystal was the one who had been brought along for the ride. The sudden appearance of a hand dangling over her face stole her attention.

“Pillow,” April mumbled. Crystal moved her hand around blindly in the darkness, until it came into contact with the soft squishy material. If she had previously thought Sasha was a terrible roommate; she was nothing compared to April, whose constant conniption fits for unknown reasons, left damage in the walls and furniture. At least with Sasha, Crystal had gotten to sleep in the bed instead of on the floor- even if Sasha hogged most of the blankets, and had the odd tendency to try and spoon with her in her sleep. Crystal hugged April’s pillow to her chest, before handing it back. It wasn’t the same, she thought with a sigh. It was kind of funny how the things she couldn’t stand about sharing a room with her younger self were now the things she missed the most about her.

Apart from the walls and furniture, it was a good thing there wasn’t anything breakable in here, or April would have destroyed it her first night. To say she had been pissed would have been like saying ants were small, or Barkley was overcompensating for something. Crystal felt kind of bad for her, but April’s temper made it difficult to sympathize. She couldn’t talk to her; she could barely stand being in the same room with her. Crystal had decided against telling April the real reason she was being singled out and simply let her vent. One thing was clear. April hated Sasha. A message from the director told her not to interfere, or she’d find herself in worse places than the fear chamber. So Crystal was stuck trying to make the best of a bad situation.

She had offered April the bed the first night, as a way of a peace offering, but that became April taking the bed every night, leaving Crystal on the hard, uncomfortable floor. She wondered if there was a way to change the ground into the foamy, white padding like in their workout room. Even if it were just a small patch in the corner, it would beat sleeping on what felt like concrete every night.

Crystal tossed and turned, unable to fall back asleep. Every time she closed her eyes, she felt a sudden panic welling up within her. Sasha’s doing no doubt, she thought with a sigh. She might as well go check up on her, and wake her up from whatever was plaguing her sleep. Crystal grabbed her blanket and pillow and stood up, trying her best to creep towards the door undetected.

“Going to your girlfriends room again?”

Crystal gritted her teeth and ignored her. Why did everyone think they were an item? What was so wrong with visiting her split personality in the middle of the night? Was it really that weird they had shared the bed, over alternating who slept on the floor? Did it make it weirder that she shared a bed with the physical manifestation of her inner child? Or was she Sasha’s inner adult? The sooner they extracted the memory that split them the better.

“Why don’t you just stay there if you miss her so much? At least that way I can have my own room again.” April muttered, before adding, “Then I can sleep through the night without your screaming waking me up.”

Crystal hadn’t been aware she had been making that much of a commotion, or that this had been an ongoing problem, but disturbing April’s sleep cycle was the least of her concerns. She crept through the dark hallway, her blanket trailing behind her, as she traced her hand on the wall to guide her. Once she reached Sasha’s door, she knocked softly a few times, only for them to go unanswered. She tried again a little harder, until a groggy, little girl with massive bed head emerged.

Sasha mumbled something unintelligible, which Crystal took as a, “Hello, come right in.” With eyes still half shut, she stepped out of the way and let the intruder in, before closing the door behind her.

“All your nightmares are making me have nightmares.” Crystal said, as she climbed into bed. “Anderson’s one sleepless night away from adding me to her hit list as well.”

“But I’m not having any nightmares.” Sasha half-mumbled and half yawned before falling back asleep.

###

Sasha hummed to herself as she rinsed the remains of scrambled eggs from the large saucepan, not daring to look at the ever-growing pile she still had to do before she could eat. While dishes certainly weren’t her favorite thing to do, it sure beat her remedial lessons she had to do the first week she had been here. How long had she been here now? Three months? Four months? They kept her so busy she was beginning to lose track.

There was still a hope alive buried in her deep deep down, they would release them once they were done harvesting their emotions – even if that was a complete lie she told herself every morning to keep her last flame from flickering out in the harsh storm. Maybe if she stayed happy; they’d have no use for her and send her back home. Un-likely, but it was all that kept her going these days- that and bacon. Mostly bacon. And sometimes Crystal. But mostly bacon. If these were going to be her last days, she wished to spend them happy, so she thought of how much better doing dishes was than listening to holographs talk about The Great Silence. Or how awesome it was to have her own room, even if she was separated from Crystal now.

Speaking of, she wondered what was going on with her. Crystal had been coming to her room more and more lately, not that Sasha minded. She slept the best when Crystal was by her side. The other night she had mentioned something about nightmares. She had tried to ask her about it, but Crystal said she couldn’t remember what they were about. Either that or she was lying; she couldn’t tell.

The smells that filled the kitchen made her stomach grumble. “I’m so hungry.” She complained to no one, as she continued to scrub the dishes, too lost in her work to notice the two approaching figures behind her.

“Hey, Sasha, whatcha doing?” She turned around to find not just David, but April as well. This couldn’t be good.

“Dishes.” She said. Her eyes shifted from David, to April, back to David. What were they up to?

“I heard you say you’re hungry. Here eat this; it’s really good.” April stretched out her hand and offered the strange looking red vegetable.

“What is it?” Sasha asked suspiciously. Why would they of all people offer her food because she said she was hungry? “What did you do to it?” They probably used to scrub a toilet; no way was she going to eat anything they offered to her.

“Nothing.” April said. “None of us like doing dishes, and if you pass out, it means we have to take over.” She pulled a bag full of them off the counter and offered it to her. “Just take one from the bag. It’s used to season food, like cinnamon does.” Well…she did like cinnamon. Sasha pulled one from the bag and looked it over. It was all shriveled up and red. Her stomach growled. She took a bite out of it. At first nothing happened, and she figured she was safe, but their smirks grew wide every time she chewed. It wasn’t as good as they had said it was, in fact it was kind of- She whimpered and leaned over the sink to spit it out. Her tongues, lips, and inside of her mouth was on fire. Tears spilled from her eyes as she coughed and gagged.

“She’ll never learn.” David said as he turned on the faucet. Sasha stuck her mouth under the cold running water and cried from the pain. She heard a commotion coming from behind her, but she didn’t dare move her mouth away from the cool relief of the running water.

“Calm down! It was just a joke!” April yelled before a loud bang was heard. “No, stop! What are you doing? Get off me!”

“Let’s see who’s laughing now.” Crystal said. Unable to keep her curiosity at bay any longer, Sasha looked up to find Crystal shoving a handful of the red sticks from hell into Aprils open mouth.

“What’s all the commotion over here?” Everyone stopped what they were doing and stood up straight. Director Aspen stepped into the kitchen. She looked over Sasha’s red, tear streaked face, agitated, puffy lips, and mouth hanging open mid pant to April spitting out the whole, red vegetables into her hand. “Explain.” Director Aspen said turning to Crystal.

“Anderson tricked Sasha into eating a chili pepper.” Crystal said.

“Why is Anderson pulling them out of her mouth?”

“Because I took a handful and shoved them in.”

“I see.” Director Aspen said eyeing April. “Eat them.”

“What?” April said wide-eyed.

“So it’s okay to make other’s eat them, but not you?”

“B-but, it was just a prank!”

“I said eat them.” April remained frozen under the director’s gaze, before tentatively sticking a pepper into her mouth. “All of them.” April whimpered before knocking the handful back. “Now chew.” She said, unflinching at April’s wails of pain. April gagged and coughed, tears streaming down her red face as she begged and pleaded to spit them out, but the director remained unmoved by her suffering. After twenty seconds, Sasha had to look away. She would have laughed watching her eat one, but a mouthful was cruel, and no one deserved to suffer that much- even April. “You will take over the dishwashing from here on, and Brindey will take over your job.”

“Wha’ ‘bou’ ‘avid?” April tried to ask through her swollen lips. Drool and crushed peppers dripped out her mouth and burned her face.

“What about him?” The director asked before walking away.

It had happened in the blink of an eye. No one had seen it coming. April staggered towards a drawer, before puling out a large carving knife. She spun around and charged, thrusting the knife into Sasha’s abdomen. Sasha gasped as she stared ahead unblinking. She inched her head down and saw a blood trickling down her uniform under the protruding knife. She felt dizzy. She stumbled forward and collapsed to her knees. Everyone stood in place shocked. April stood frozen in disbelief at what she had done. The last face she saw was the director, smirking at her in the back, before Sasha gave in to unconsciousness.

###

“I-I- ‘idn’t mea’ ‘oo!” April stuttered as Sasha’s body slumped to the floor.

“You killed her!” David said, staring on stunned.

“It’s virtual reality; she can’t die!” Another shouted.

Crystal ran forward and lifted Sasha’s head in her arms. She looked over her body worried. There was so much blood; she didn’t know what to do. It was beginning to pool under her body in a dark red puddle. Should Crystal remove the knife or should she wait for the doctor? Should she try and carry her in the infirmary, or bring the doctor here?

Arnold came forward and motioned for Crystal to lift her under her armpits, while he carried her legs. The others moved leaving a clear path for them to carry her out. Would it even be open this early? She didn’t know where to look for the doctor if he wasn’t there. They inched forward towards the sick bay leaving a trail of blood in their wake. “Please be there, please be there.” Crystal chanted as she strained under the weight of the girl in her arms.

“His room’s connected to the infirmary.” Arnold said, trying to calm her fears. She hadn’t noticed David and Jasmine walking with them until they moved ahead. David held the door open for them, while Jasmine banged on the door of the doctor’s private quarters. The doctor emerged wearing his lab coat and pajama pants while Crystal and Arnold set Sasha down on the table.

“What the hell happened?” He asked looking Sasha up and down. “We need to take her clothes off in order for the table to work. It won’t heal her skin if anything’s in the way. Grab the scissors!” Jasmine worked on taking her boots off, while Crystal helped with cutting away here uniform. “I’m going to pull the knife out on the count of three. When I do, flip on the table. One, two, three!” He yanked the knife out while blood spattered the walls. Crystal turned the table on, and a white light engulfed Sasha’s body. “And now we wait.”

“She can’t die in virtual reality, right?” Jasmine asked. Not unless they give the signal, Crystal thought, a bitter resentment filled her core.

“She’ll be alright; just give it time.” He said, but Crystal wasn’t so sure. They had pushed April this far on purpose. They wanted her to crack. They knew she had a history of violence, but they still pitted her against Sasha. Were they going to kill Becca now? What would happen if they did? Would Crystal die as well, or would she still live on?

“Crystal, you’re bleeding!” Jasmine said snapping her from her thoughts.

“What, no, this is Sasha’s blood, I’m fine.” She said, before looking down to see her uniform slowly darkening.

“Take off your suit!” The doctor ordered. She pulled it halfway down and lifted up her undershirt. A large gash had formed in her abdomen and was bleeding profusely. She winced as the air made contact with her open skin. How had she not noticed this before? Was this their links doing?

“When did you get stabbed?” Jasmine asked, but before Crystal could shake her head, the doctor ordered everyone not injured out.

“I’m sorry I have to do this the old fashioned way since the table’s occupied.” He explained as he dug through the cabinets for supplies. “Your real body will go into shock if you lose too much blood between the both of you. This is going to hurt, but please hold this against the wound.” She winced as she held disinfectant soaked rag against her stomach and sat in the chair.

“Why am I hurt too? I didn’t get injured.”

“I don’t know. My guess is Becca’s brain is convinced she was stabbed and has split the injury between the two of you to protect Sasha, or this is a case of sympathy injury due to your link.” He said. It made sense. If they shared thoughts and feelings; it wouldn’t be too far fetched to say they could share injuries as well.

“How did you know I knew the truth about Becca?” Crystal asked.

“You didn’t really think I believed you were looking at porn, did you? If we were really hiding the truth from you; we wouldn’t have left it in such an easily accessible place. Like I said; it’s all about collecting the da-“

“Do you seriously think this is about collecting data? I know the whole truth; you don’t have to keep lying. I know what you’re planning to do to everyone once your done with us.” Crystal said. Why would he still keep this charade up after all this time? She found the information on his computer and connected the dots.

“What are you talking about? We weren’t hiding anything other than your identity.” He said, as he began writing on a piece of paper.

“I know about Sacrio; I know about everything!” Crystal said, but froze when he held up the piece of paper.

I want to help you all escape.

*236*2016-03-10 04:54

{{:

Well, that escalated quickly. The story seems to have shifted once more. I can't wait for more! Your writing is so good Sasha.

}}

Thank you ^^ I hope it didn't escalate too quickly. I tried to show a build up point where April would snap.

*240*2016-03-13 04:38

Crystal looked from the note, then back to the doctor. She narrowed her eyes in suspicion. Why should she believe him? Everything these people had ever told her was a lie, so what makes now any different? Was he lying about leaving the information lying around to cover his tracks, or was he serious? Finding the truth had been easy. If these people were a national billion-dollar government organization, they wouldn’t leave classified information lying around unprotected. If that were the case, he had wanted her to find it. He motioned with his eyes to the corner of the room and made a gesture with his hand for her to keep talking.

“Then what about Sasha?” Crystal asked, before mouthing the word, why.

“I figured you’d tell her yourself.” He said. He scribbled another note on the pad before handing it over.

I can’t do this anymore. No one was supposed to die.

Crystal shook her head. She wasn’t going to fall for that.

The fourth life has already been taken, what do you have to loose?

The fourth life? Crystal’s eyes darted to Sasha half expecting to see her dead, but the doctor shook his head, and made an A with his fingers.

“April?”

“Yes, that’s right. We’re studying the effects of April’s I.E.D. in controlled environments, but now that experiment’s over.”

The experiment was over? So then… April was killed? “And the guy that never came back, Andrew, the one that was sent home.” He nodded his head. That’s two deaths. Who were the others?

“They determined him unfit for the program and sent him home.” He pinched the bridge of his nose, while Crystal tried to process everything.

All of you have been monitored from a young age; you’ve all been a part of this program for thirteen years. All of you witnessed something terrible in order to study the effects of childhood trauma. A seed was planted and watered in order to grow up to be harvested.

“What. Happened?” Crystal asked through clenched jaw. The thought of them doing something terrible to children in order to study the results years later sent her head spinning.

Each of you walked into an early fear chamber prototype.

“Andrew was hurt too badly to continue. He was sensitive and we received readings his physical body had been hurt in the accident as well.”

“What did they see?” Crystal asked, her fists clenched in her lap. Her body trembled in a silent rage. “Sasha…”

“It was around the same time the Sacrio accident was on the news. Before they figured out the drug needed to be given in virtual reality. It was a nightmare.”

“They didn’t!” Crystal gasped. She had heard from Sasha what it was like being stuck in the pod waiting to be synced up. “They must have gone crazy.”

“Mass suicide of all the subjects. It must have been on her mind when she walked through the door.”

“The door.” Crystal said, a flash of her dream coming back to her. “I-I remember something about a door.” Her chest tightened. The feeling of panic welled up inside of her. She kept dreaming about a door, and every time she walked through it she would wake up in a panic. Did that have any correlation to this? “What do you think she saw? Was it the ponies or…?”

“No, that happened before she walked through the door. I believe the scanner was hidden inside a castle if I remember her file correctly.”

“So then what is the deal with the ponies?”

“The organization paid employees at Sphere centers across the world to develop scarier versions of children’s games in order to hide the fear chambers. When the child came out traumatized, the employee would take the fall. The children would then receive a portable Sphere System as part of a settlement. They were also sent to our therapists to monitor them in order to pick out the best candidates possible. The Sphere was then flooded with rumors of an elite school and actors were hired as graduates to tell the world of their amazing heroics.”

“How do I play a part in all this? Where did I come from?”

“I have a recording of some of Becca’s earlier psychology visits. Seeing as how you are Becca, I see no reason why you can’t see them. Would you like to see them?”

“Please.”

The doctor offered her a chair in front of the terminal. Crystal sat facing the monitor as he scrolled through some of the folders.

“Are you ready?”

###

Subject 1256. Session 13.

A little girl with long black hair wearing a blue and white dress sat in the oversized armchair looking down sullenly. “So how are you doing, Becca? Better or worse since the last time we spoke?” a male voice off in the distance asked.

“I don’t know,” the little girl answered, voice barely above a whisper.

“Have you been having any more nightmares?” Silence. “Becca?”

“Yeah.”

“Do you want to talk about them?”

“No.”

“Why not?”

“I just don’t.”

“You know I’m here to help you, but I can’t help you unless you talk to me.”

“I’m not supposed to talk about them.”

“Why not?”

“The green haired girl asked me not to.”

“Who is the green haired girl?”

“I don’t know.”

“Is she your friend?”

“Yeah, we play games together. She’s always there.”

“In the Sphere?”

“Yeah. I call her my shadow.”

“Why doesn’t she want you to talk to me?”

“She said it reminds her of the bad thing she saw.”

“What bad thing?”

Silence.

End recording.

Doctor’s notes:

This is the third time 1256 has spoken of a green haired girl playing with her. We are unaware if this person is real or imaginary. The important thing is subject 1256 has been using her Portable Sphere System to play games once again, but the games she has played involves no characters with green hair. We are unaware if her brother has built her a guardian or not, and is advising her not to speak with us. Only time will tell.

###

Subject 1256. Session 18

“How have you been, Becca?”

“Ok.”

“I see you brought your P.S.S. like I asked you too, good girl. Go ahead and put your helmet on. What we’re going to do today is a little different. I’m going to ask you questions while you’re in virtual reality, ok?”

“Ok.”

“Good, alright, what I’m going to do is load a game I have here. All it is is an empty playground. This is a special game though; it’s going to show me exactly what you see on my screen over here. I’m loading it now.”

End Recording.

Doctor’s Notes:

Subject 1256 started off playing on the swing set by herself, but she seemed to be looking for someone even though I told her she would be alone. To my surprise, a green haired girl appeared and sat next to subject 1256 and began talking. I was astonished. I have seen this simulation hundreds of times, and never has there been two people inside it at once. I want to say it’s impossible, but there she was! I think we are dealing with a duel personality, but I’m not sure. Becca has shown no signs of having a split personality. When questioned, she recalls no loss of time or awareness. I will need to run a few more tests.

###

Subject 1256. Session 22.

“Thank you for coming, Mrs. Strokes. Are you nervous?”

“A little, I’m not used to meeting people face to face.”

“I understand, I appreciate you coming here regardless.”

“My kids are much better at socializing than my husband and I.”

“It’s a different time indeed. There’s the first generation to come out of the Great Silence. Do you use the Sphere?”

“No, I don’t. It seems a little sketchy to me.”

“You should consider it; that’s why the Sphere was invented in the first place- to end the Great Silence. Birth rate has dropped to an all time low; with the world population down to 500,000 something needed to be done. Human interaction has become a lost art.”

“You seem at ease with it.”

“Psychology is one of the few remaining professions that requires the ability to speak face to face. It’s hard to study someone behind the monitor. People put on an act behind anonymity, but take it away and they become their true selves. That’s the beauty of the Sphere; it offers just the right amount anonymity, while teaching much needed social skills. If you’re at a loss for words, it will give you give you suggestions on what to say-- A sort of social prompt. How did you meet your husband?”

“Online. We emailed back and forth for about three years before we decided to meet in person. The government benefits of getting married and having children were too good to pass up. They gave us a house and 50 thousand per child.”

“How has socializing improved since starting a family?”

“Much better. It took a little getting used to sleeping next to another person, and being touched, was well, trial and error. Let’s just say the honeymoon didn’t happen on the first night, but now I can’t imagine being alone.”

“How do you interact with your children? Do you spend time with them, or will they be raised like the generation before them?”

“Oh no! I spend as much time with them as possible! I will not let technology raise my children. I didn’t even get a robo nanny, like I had as a child.”

“Good, good. I’m glad to hear that. I think this generation will be the catalyst that changes things. I believe, as a society, we have learned from our mistakes. Now the reason I asked you to come was I wanted to ask you a few questions, and also, I wanted to try something with you and Becca. She’s waiting outside, correct?”

“Yes. What did you need to ask?”

“Do you know if your son created, what we call, a fake? It’s an un-registered avatar.”

“He hasn’t said anything about it. He usually tells us all about his projects.”

“I see. Has your daughter mentioned anything about a green haired girl?”

“Y-yes, quite a bit actually. Becca’s worried about her. It’s cute.”

“Did she say why she’s worried?”

“She says she’s scared.”

“I see, well, what I’m going to ask you to do is make a user in the Sphere. Once you’re done with that, I’m going to put you in a playground. I’m going to communicate with you through my tablet. Text will appear in your line of vision. All you have to do is think of your response and I’ll see it. Then I’m going to send Becca in as well. What I want you to do is tell me if you see the green haired girl. Try and interact with her.”

“Oh, umm, all right.”

Do you see her?

No.

What do you see?

A jungle gym. A few swings. A slide. Wait, there’s a brown haired girl!

That’s Becca’s avatar, Sasha. Think of her as your daughter, but in a different body.

Are you sure it’s her? She’s acting different.

How so?

She just called me mommy. She hasn’t called me mommy in years.

It’s ok, people tend to act differently in virtual reality.

No, really, the way she’s talking. It’s almost as if she’s younger. Wait, I see her! The green haired girl!

Can you talk to her?

Yes.

Try and ask her about the bad thing.

She said she recognizes me. …Doctor, something’s wrong with her! She’s screaming!

What is she saying?

‘I remember you. I remember you on the floor all covered in blood with all the others.’ Doctor, get us out of here! I don’t like this! She’s scaring me! Is this who my daughters been playing with? Who is she?

END RECORDING.

Doctors’ notes:

I believe I’ve figured out the truth. The green haired girl holds the repressed memory of Becca. The green haired girl, who we have dubbed 1257 a.k.a Crystal, is not just a split personality, but also a split consciousness that takes place whenever Becca goes into virtual reality. This is astonishing! It explains why she takes a physical form inside virtual reality. Becca has the ability to control two avatars at once without even knowing it.

Since Crystal only manifests in virtual reality, we asked Becca to put a device on her that will send her to the SPP grounds the next time she materializes. From there, her memory will be wiped and filled with memories of being lost and wandering aimlessly for years. The SPP will be the only home she has ever known, and without an identification chip, the only home she can ever have.

We have filled the media with enough propaganda about the SPP that by the time Becca is 18, she is sure to apply. There we will have them meet again. We are unsure if they will recognize each other.

Over the years I have known Becca; her avatar has never changed. It has always remained the little blue-eyed girl. People tend to change their online appearance frequently to match their age, but Sasha has always remained the same. When asked about it under hypnosis, Sasha responded with, “My other half is missing; I cannot grow older until she returns.” When not under hypnosis, her response has always been something to do with gaming. This tells us deep down, Sasha realizes something is missing. It explains the regression. We believe Sasha to be the physical representation of the childhood innocence that was stolen from Becca- another separate identity, even though they share memories. Another sign of a split between the consciousness’s.

###

Crystal stared blankly ahead for a solid minute after the recording had finished. She didn’t even know what to think or where to begin. Fake memories? Brain washing? Memory wipe? She had known Sasha before, but they were separated? And her mother! She had met her mother, and mother was afraid of her!

“Am I the one with the repressed memory?”

“Are you ready to remember?”

“When do we start?”

“As soon as Sasha wakes up.”

“What will happen?”

“if my theory’s correct; you’ll become one person again.”

*243*2016-03-18 04:20

Sasha grimaced as her eyes slowly opened to find herself lying under the dreary grey ceiling of the sick bay. She was starting to grow accustomed to the sight. She squinted in the harsh light and slowly sat up. How had she ended up here this time? The last thing she remembered was her mouth burning. Then the pain had traveled down. She looked down, only to find her flat, curveless stomach the same as it always was.

Sasha turned her head to find Crystal dozing off in a chair beside her. She wondered for a brief moment if she had done something dumb again, like chop a limb off when she wasn’t paying attention. She was sure she’d hear an earful when Crystal woke up.

Her hand traced her stomach again as if she had expected to find an object protruding from it. Like a knife. She blinked and looked down. Had she been… stabbed?

April! So that was it. April had finally snapped under the pressure.

She tried to wait as patiently as possible to see if Crystal would wake on her own, but she grew too impatient to sit still. She wanted to know what happened and why. As if on cue, Crystal began to stir.

“What did I miss?” Sasha asked as soon as she had made eye contact.

“You’ll see.” Crystal stood, stretched for a second, and knocked on the door that separated the doctors’ quarters from sickbay. “She’s awake!”

‘”I don’t remember any of this!” Sasha said after watching the video. “I remember having to see psychologists afterwards for nightmares, but I don’t remember meeting Crystal before.” She tried to think back as far as she could, but all they had ever talked about were ponies. And what was up with her mom? She had met Crystal? Why hadn’t she said anything? Even as she got older, not a single mention of her having an imaginary friend. You’d think there would have been at least one conversation about along the lines of, “Hey, you remember that green haired girl that you used to play with in virtual reality?”

“I don’t remember you either.” Crystal said. “So what’s going to happen? You going to put us under or something?”

“No, I’m going to help you get your memories back.” The doctor said.

Sasha and Crystal exchanged nervous glances.

He went on, “I have a recording of what you saw that day when you passed through the door. I’m going to upload it into the World Projection Room and have the both of you go through it together.”

“What’s that?” Sasha asked.

“The fear chamber. Its real name is a WPR; it can project a different reality depending on the user it scans. It can also be manually adjusted.”

“Can’t you just tell us what we saw?” Sasha didn’t like the thought of reliving this. Didn’t she forget for a reason? Isn’t this what caused the split in the first place?

“Let me rephrase this. What you saw in the room isn’t being projected; just the room itself. What we’re trying to do is drag the memory out of the depths of your consciousness. What we’re trying to accomplish is opening the link between you the rest of the way in order for Crystal to return to your consciousness.”

It still gave her a bad feeling, but with a nod of her head, she reluctantly agreed. How did Crystal feel about this? She turned her head and tried to study her expression, but she appeared emotionless.

The whole walk towards the WPR was done of silence. Sasha tried to talk to Crystal through telepathy, but her questions remained either unanswered or unheard.

When they got there they stood in front of the door and the doctor entered something into a terminal and pressed a few buttons. Sasha didn’t think she’d ever felt as scared as she did now. Behind that door was some kind of unimaginable horror.

“It’s just a room; don’t be scared.” Crystal said. Sasha turned to look up at her, but she looked just as terrified as she felt. She supposed she had more of a reason to be scared. After all it was her existence on the line. Could seeing what was behind that door really heal the tear in Becca’s consciousness? What if Crystal was the one who continued to exist and Sasha was the one who disappeared? “You have memories. I don’t.”

“Are you sure you want to do this?” She didn’t want Crystal to disappear. “Aren’t you scared?”

“Of course I’m not. It’s just a room. I’ve been in this thing tons of times. I’m not going anywhere.” Sasha could tell she was lying about being scared. She was fidgeting a whole bunch and shifting her weight from foot to foot as they waited for the doctor to finish loading the program. She was either terrified or she had to pee. Speaking of.

“I’ll be right back.” Sasha said. She tried to leave, but felt a hand press down on her shoulder.

“Where do you think you’re going?”

“Uh, the bathroom.”

“Stay put.”

Sasha didn’t argue. She figured Crystal thought she was trying to back out of it at the last minute. So she squirmed in place without another word.

“Everything’s set and ready to go.” The doctor said. He stepped back from the computer and motioned towards the door. Sasha swallowed. She really didn’t want to go in there.

“Let’s go.” Crystal said after a minute of silence. Sasha remained frozen in place. She didn’t think she could do this. Why not let this just stay buried and forgotten? Why bring up the past? She looked at Crystal. Would this be the last time they’d see each other? She shook her head. “C’mon.” Crystal said. She held out her hand to her. Sasha reluctantly took it. Crystal opened the door leading to the blackness inside and they stepped through.

At first it remained a solid black. Sasha stood clutching Crystal’s hand unable to see anything in front of her. Slowly things began to emerge from the darkness. Dirty floor tiles. A bed. Two beds. A whole row of beds. And then a room. She looked around craning her neck this way and that. They seemed to be in an empty hospital room with ten empty beds on one side and another ten on the other. They each exhaled their held breath. Not exactly the horror they had been expecting.

“See, nothing to be afraid of.” Crystal said. She was right. There was nothing here. Her confidence grew with each step they took and by the time they had reached the other side of the room she no longer needed to hold the other girls hand. So she let go. Almost as soon as she did a familiar scent assaulted her nose. A metallic coppery smell.

Sasha’s blood ran cold. Something was behind them now. She could smell it. “Do you smell that?” Crystal sniffed the air.

“Yeah,” she said. Her voice wavered. It sounded scared. Sasha’s heartbeat frantically in her chest. She took a step closer to Crystal. “On three?” They turned around. Sasha had shut her eyes. “There’s nothing here.” Sasha relaxed and opened them. She screamed.

Bodies littered the room. Some were in their beds, while others were half-way out dangling on the floor. Blood covered them. Smeared the bed sheets. Smeared on the walls. Smeared on each other. Fingernail scratches ran down their faces as if they had clawed themselves. Patches of hair were missing as if they had pulled it out. A body hung from the light fixture. A sheet fastened a noose around his neck.

“What, what is it?” Crystal asked in a panic. Sasha couldn’t speak. All she could do was scream. Tears ran down her face. Snot dripped from her nose. She threw herself into Crystal’s arms and shook violently. Heavy sobs racked her body. Crystal was worried she’d make herself sick. Urine soaked her uniform as a puddle formed underneath her. No matter how many times she was asked, she couldn’t respond with anything intelligible.

It wasn’t just that there were dead bodies. She had seen dead bodies hundreds of times in games. It was who the dead bodies were. Her mother. Her father. Her brother. Children she had gone to school with. And the look in their eyes. They had seen un-imaginable horrors and death was their only escape from the madness that tormented them. They had slowly gone insane. Their minds moved at hyper speed, but their bodies couldn’t keep up with them. This was what she had seen at five. This was the cause of her nightmares. This is what had given birth to Crystal. And then she remembered.

She remembered the door. The large iron door that she had thought led to safety. Instead it led to this carnage before her. The ponies were nothing compared to this. She remembered the therapy. And she remembered Crystal- the green haired girl who would come to play with her in virtual reality. They had told her to put something on her. She didn’t know it would make her go away. It was Sasha that had trapped her here for all this time.

“I’m so sorry,” Sasha cried.

“What? What are you talking about?”

It took her a few times to explain what she meant. It was difficult to talk between the gasps and sobs that came from deep within her.

“You didn’t know, Sasha. It’s not your fault.”

“I don’t want you to leave! Don’t leave me. I need you. You’re all I have left.”

“I’m not going anywhere, Sash, what are you talking about?”

“I-if I take it off you’ll disappear.”

“The thing on my neck? It won’t come off. I’ve tried.”

“So you want to go?”

“I was never supposed to exist. Don’t you want to stop feeling this pain when we’re apart?”

She did. It hurt. This wretched loneliness that consumed her. Crystal numbed the pain, but she couldn’t cling onto Crystal forever. She knew that. But it wasn’t like they had that much time. How much longer would they keep her alive for? Who would she talk to if Crystal were gone? But she knew deep down it wasn’t her decision to make. Seeing this scene was the final straw on her maturity. She could feel the last of her adult mind slipping away.

“We can be one person again. That device can only be removed by me since I was the one who put it on you. I remember. It’s your choice.” Sasha whispered. She moved her arms around Crystal’s neck to the spot she had so long ago stuck the device.

“I won’t be gone. We’re one person after all.” Crystal said. “We’ll be okay. I promise.” Sasha moved her fingers until she found the lump she was looking for. Tears ran down her face as she rested her head against Crystal’s shoulder.

“Good-bye, Crystal.” She whispered.

“No, it’s not good-bye. Remember that. I’ll always be with you now.”

She closed her eyes and pulled out the pin. She fell forward onto the hard the floor tiles now that there was no one holding her up.

Crystal’s memories flooded into her. The first time she had been brought here. The training. The brainwashing. Being trapped in the fear chamber. Meeting Sasha. Their memories intertwined to fill the missing spaces and create a full picture. She understood. It all made sense now. She wasn’t afraid. She wasn’t alone. She wasn’t in pain.

Sasha stood up. The first thing she noticed was everything was lower. No, she was taller. A foot at least. She waded through the mess. It was just a projection. It wasn’t real. These people that had died were not her family and friends. As she walked by, the scenes disappeared in a plume of mist leaving behind nothing but empty blackness behind her.

She stepped out of the door, ready to face what came next. Thanks to Crystal, she now had full access to her Sphere menu…including her inventory full of weapons and the log out button. It may not have worked for Crystal, but for Sasha it would. But she wouldn’t use it; not yet. She had to get the others out. She had to tell them the truth before anyone else died because of Sacrio-the people behind this faux training center.

“It worked.” The doctor said. A hint of a smile crept on his lips. He didn’t seem nearly as tall as he did before.

“You did this! I know who you are now! You are the inventor of the drug, Dr. Thomas Briggs.” Sasha said. She looked him in the eye as she watched his face fall. “At least your avatar is.” His face fell even further as it contorted into a tight frown. “Dr. Finnick.” He scowled. “I didn’t recognize you in the video.”

“I lost weight since then.”

“Now why would someone like you be working as a child psychologist?” His head fell down. He looked tired. “Did your first trial participants know what they were getting into 13 years ago? What did you tell them then? They were going to be astronauts?”

“I didn’t know what was going to happen. I swear! It was just an unfortunate accident.” He said. Sasha scoffed.

“An accident happens once! How many kids did you put through the fear simulator just to see what would happen? 1,855? Is that how many were before me?”

“You don’t understand! You’re a part of something that will change the world. It will all be worth it in the end!” Getting through to him was pointless. He was just another for the greater good kind of guy.

“Why did you fix me? Because you’re done studying me? Did you pull me a part just to see if you could put me back together?” Sasha said. For every back step he took, she took a step forward. “Whose really running things? It’s you, isn’t it? Aspen’s not the director; you are!”

“N-no, I’m not! They just told me what they wanted and I made it happen.”

“Oh, I see. You just made it happen, did you?”

“I wanted to fix this! I wanted to fix all of this. A society that fears others is no place to live in. I wanted to create a world without sadness. Or fear. Or anger.”

“By experimenting on children!?” Sasha shouted. The more he spoke the angrier she became. “To afflict them with the things you’re trying to take away?”

“Don’t look at me like that! I’m not like that! You weren’t supposed to die! No one was supposed to die ever! The plan was to pay each of you off to keep quiet and then we’d ship you a large supply of our products. They changed the plan at the last minute! They decided at the last minute it would be cheaper and safer to just kill you all off at the end.”

“Then how do we get out?” He just shook his head.

“I don’t know. You’d all have to be let out from the outside.”

“Then we’ll just send a message for help! The terminal! They told us we could contact the outside world.” He shook his head again.

“It was a lie. There’s no way to contact them.” She gritted her teeth.

“What about the log out button? What if you just-“

“It doesn’t work.”

She had to think of something! She had an inventory full of weapons, but what good would that do her here? If she told the others, it would just cause a panic. What to do…

“You don’t have to worry much longer.” He said. What did he mean by that? Were they going to kill her now? “Someone’s tripped the alarm a few hours ago. That’s why I put you back together.”

“What alarm? What are you talking about?” Sasha demanded.

“Remember. I’m not the bad guy here.”

“What are you talking about? What’s going o-“ She tried to say, but the words never left her mouth. Everything was going black. What was going on? Was she loosing consciousness? No. It felt different and yet oddly familiar…Was she…was she logging out? How? The others! No! She had to get the others! She wasn’t ready!

###

Becca could hear a commotion all around her. She could hear shouting and the heavy, clanking footsteps of boots. The next thing she became aware of was the severe pain throughout her entire body. She had never felt pain like this before. As if her entire being was having one large muscle cramp after another. Her eyes were closed, but she could still feel a light shining down on her causing her already aching head to pound. She just wanted to lie there and never wake up. But there was a voice whispering. Begging her to open her eyes. But she didn’t want to open her eyes. She wanted to drift off into sweet unconsciousness. Why couldn’t her mom ever let her sleep?

Her mom? Yes! That was her mom’s voice.

“Please, Becca. Open your eyes. Wake up! Please! You have to wake up.” Her eyes burned. But she struggled through the pain and ever so slowly raised her eyelids. She could only stand it for a second, but she had to confirm what she was hearing was true. It was. Her mom was leaning over her. Where was she? She couldn’t open her eyes again, no matter how hard she tried. “It’s going to be okay, Becca, I’ve got you. You’re safe now.” She wanted to move her arms up and reach for her, but she couldn’t move. For now, she’d have to believe her words to be true. The pain was too much. Her body was spinning. She was loosing consciousness for real this time. She strained to listen to what was being said around her. Something about a “lone survivor”. And then there was nothing.

*247*2016-03-19 06:30

So when I go through and re write this, what do you guys think would be better: stay in third person with multiple points of view, or re write in first person with only Sasha/Becca's point of view.

*249*2016-03-19 17:29

{{:

Stay in third. It really doesn't work to have multiple first person viewpoint characters.

}}

That's why I said it would only be Sasha/Becca's (same person) point of view. First person is only one persons point of view. Would it be better to only know what she knows? If I drop crystal and the SPP point of view would it be better?

$$

