A Counting For Storms - Chapter Story - Page 2

Author: Night

*026*2012-06-11 18:07

I guess I took another break. I'd like to say that some stuff popped up or I was busy in life, but honestly it was depression mixed with laziness. Hopefully I've got that squared away. :) Here's the long awaited update to the story. Hope you guys didn't forget it! If so... T.T I guess you'll just have to read it again. :) Haha... Anyways, I enjoyed this chapter, and have a really fun chapter planned for chapter nine.

Hope you guys forgive me, lol, and definitely enjoy this chapter!

==========

Chapter Eight

As soon as they reached the water, a guide came from an old, dusty shack next to the lake, waving his hand in the air with a salesman smile. The little old fisher’s shack was filled with different equipment such as lures, bobbers, hooks, and worms, as well as life jackets and some kayaks lined against the walls, alongside some ski’s and tubes. “What ‘cha here for? We’ve got lots to choose from!”

Nile laughed and pointed down the lake. “We’re looking for the falls, and the cabin.” He said, somewhat encoded, so Rain still had no clue what they were doing. “We’re taking a little adventure of trust today.”

Trust? Trust was a nifty word, but it was a harder experience in reality. Rain did trust his brother, usually, but the guy seemed off right now. How would this day wind up? And what exactly did his eccentric brother have in mind when he said trust? Rain groaned inwardly, wondering what would go on throughout the course of the day. Hopefully, there wouldn’t be much trouble…

The guide seemed to understand perfectly, much to Rains disadvantage. “I see, I see! You will enjoy a relaxing trip and splendid view. I suggest taking this boat over here. It has a good, steady control and a nice bottom as well, it won’t loose on you.” He led the way to a very nice looking boat, and walked over to the shack. After a few seconds of careful consideration, the guide picked out two paddles for them to use. Handing them over, he explained how the paddle should never touch the ground, especially the sand, or you have to kiss it. Rain tried not to roll his eyes, and resisted the urge to drop the paddle… but Nile would probably enjoy forcing him to kiss the stupid paddle in apology or whatever.

Finally, after too much instruction, they were set on their way by themselves to enjoy the day and their little “adventure of trust”. A few moments on silence crept by before Rain spoke up again, “Nile, what do you mean by trust? I trust you.”

“We’ll see.” Nile said, something seeming to hide behind his smile... “I know you do. It’s just for fun.” He added with a laugh.

“Come on,” Rain said, “Is something going on?” It was hard to breathe right when talking, so paddling the boat became even more of a chore as Rain paddled following his brother’s lead. Nile sat in the front of the thin paddle-type boat, and Rain in the back, so Rain had no clue where they were headed. Only… there was water all around, and they never ate breakfast, which was unusual, considering his brother’s normal insistence. Today was almost like the twilight zone. Any minute, Rain expected a fish to leap up and talk to them, or time to start all over.

Nile ignored Rain, “Just trust me, would you? You’re going to have fun today. Speaking of which, how was the trail-ride yesterday? Did you really enjoy it?”

Rain sighed. It was no use, and it was starting to get him angry. What was up with Nile’s actions and words; why was everything so off today? Rain missed his usual brother, oddly enough, and found it hard to admit to himself that he was worried. “Yeah, it was different, but it wasn’t bad at all. I actually like it a bit.” He was glad Nile couldn’t see him blush a bit. The whole horse thing still seemed a little awkward.

Nile replied, “That’s good.” Then they fell back into silence.

About fifteen minutes later, they started to head up a narrow part of the lake, that quickly turned into a very slow river. Paddling became harder as they went against the flow, aiming the boat upstream. Ten minutes after that, They stopped the boat and looked ahead.

The sound of lots of water sliding along rocks and hitting water echoed the small open “pond”. The side of the small cliff looked jagged, with large, smooth, flaky black rocks that guided the water down in an array of lots of small waterfalls. Even for Rain’s pride, he had to admit the sight was breathtaking and very beautiful, making the whole trip worth it. On the ground above the cliff, you could just see a large cabin to the right, and a small steep trail leading up to it.

“Welcome to Gypsy Falls!” Nile exclaimed. “I wanted it to be a surprise.” He sounded proud and filled with victory.

“You did a good job.” Rain had to admit, the sights and sounds all rather calming, an air of peace breathed over him, into him. For a moment, it was as if the morning didn’t matter, as if he knew everything would be ok.

Nile moved the boat closer and climbed up onto one of the large rocks to the side, that water was flowing over. “What are you doing?” Rain asked, somewhat alarmed.

“We’re going to play a little game. Do you trust me?” Nile looked down at Rain, a small flat smile taking its place, unsure.

Rain looked down at the water, “I don’t know.” He answered honestly. “Lately we’ve not gotten along as well as we used to, and I know that’s at least partially my fault but… today… you’re not… like usual.” Truthfully, Rain was a bit scared. Of his brother changing, and leaving him behind, leaving him out of things…

Nile nodded, “I thought so. But you have to trust me. One day I’ll tell you what you do not know. For now, you have to trust I’ll stay with you.” it was as if he was reading Rain’s mind.

“How can I do that, when every time I turn around, you’re different? I don’t like it! Mom and dad were different to, then they never came back, they weren’t there!”

“Calm down. I can promise you this: Nothing is going to happen to me, and I will never follow their footsteps. I won’t leave you. Just trust that I know what I’m doing.”

“Fine,” Rain said without care, “but why are you on the rock?”

Nile smiled, “Remember when I said to wear clothes that can get wet?”

Rain’s eyes widened… “You wouldn’t. Don’t you know I…”

He never got to finish his sentence as Nile leapt down and tipped the boat over with ease, having refused life jackets for a reason. Rain was startled and thrown out of the boat, making a loud splash as the water tried to settle itself.

Rain struggled to stay on top of the water, scared to breathe as he couldn’t tell if he was underwater or not. He struggled against the water, against the force holding him.

“Calm down.” Nile soothed, holding onto Rain. “I told you, I’d never let you get hurt.”

Hearing his brother’s voice, he stopped struggling and let himself be helped to the shoreline, where they crawled out of the water.

Rain was quiet. He breathed slowly. He hated the water, but… his brother caused trouble again, but… Nile helped him. Nile was there seemingly before he even touched the water, as impossible as it was, and saved him. Sure he was wet, but something told him Nile would always come to his rescue. “I still hate you sometimes… but…” Rain said slowly, “I think I really do trust you, big brother.”

In silence, they walked up the steep inclined trail up to the cabin. A small portion of the cabin was a café, selling a small selection of clothes, and the rest of the cabin seemed to be closed off, having its own secrets to be discovered later on. A sign at the indoor entrance to the larger part of the cabin said, “Trusty Maze entrance”. Nile wouldn’t be planning… he would. And that’s when Rain got an idea, as they changed clothes and sat down to have a bite to eat.

###

What to look for in the next Chapter 9:

- a course of ropes, and a tricky cabin.

- a bit of desperate revenge

- and a hint of trust or betrayal?

We'll have to wait to find out what happens! ((Including me, since I have yet to write it as I post this! Haha))

*028*2012-07-01 00:17

OK, finally another chapter. If I should continue let me know, of if this is getting old, let me know that to. It's hard to write something by yourself, especially for me who's so out of practice with writing. I don't want to keep this up if no one's interested. But if you are, then I'll try and keep on writing, because I do like this story myself. :] Anyways, the beginnings of more desperation! It'll be better once we get through this long weekend... Enjoy!

=========

Chapter Nine

After drying off, Nile bought them both new clothes, sticking the wet ones in a plastic bag. Rain wound up wearing a white shirt with the camp logo, some decorative, black and blue shorts, and a black thin jacket with silver “bullet holes” on it. Nile looked just the opposite, dressing in light blue jeans with the camp logo on them, a light colorful jacket with the camp name, and a slightly decorative blue shirt. It felt good to be out of wet clothed, though Rain – who couldn’t swim well – was still sour.

Finally, they were able to get a bite to eat for breakfast. Rain ate light, following Nile’s example, ordering only a breakfast sandwich and a tall glass of juice. He ate quickly, then sipped on his orange juice while Nile ate slowly, but downed a whole glass of his favorite cranberry juice and started on another. Even with a light meal, it took a good fifteen minutes before they were through.

Just as expected, the two headed right for the in-door maze when ready. The entrance was paid and the brothers walked into the veil of darkness that lay before them. As the door slammed behind them, the last small rays of light evaporated. Alone, they were swallowed in the room with not even a hint of light to guide them, unable to see what’s right in front of their face. It was breathtaking, the hallways many, twisting, splitting, and narrow. Nile assumed he was in the belly of a beast, in a forsaken land. He knew it was a little cruel to knock Rain in the water to test his trust (but he was his brother, he was entitled, right?), and this was his way of repenting for it.

Rain was nervous around water, being a not-so-good swimmer.

Nile was scared of the darkness, of not being able to see. Now he would have to trust Rain in return.

He had been prepared to be lost in the dark, but he hadn’t been ready to face the fact he couldn’t even see his own hand. How did he know it was really there? Things could be happening all around him he didn’t know about, and it terrified him. Just because he couldn’t see it, didn’t mean it wasn’t there; it didn’t make reality any less real.

He felt weak, not knowing how long it would take them to find their way, alone, out of the maze. Nile had told them to ignore the time limit, and leave them in there till they found their way out, or it would defeat the purpose. There was no help coming, and no turning back. How long was this maze? How long would they be… would they be forever devoured by the darkness? No… Help me!

Rain was surprised Nile dared to walk into this place. His brother was a wimp when it came to the dark, unlike him, though he couldn’t say much, being a wimp around water. He figured this was Nile’s way of paying him back. Rain knew already he would have to take charge… the thought felt weird… It was unnatural, used to always having to bend to his brother’s will. For once, he would be able to show his brother that he wasn’t useless. Good thing Nile couldn’t see his smile.

Trying to locate his brother, not a hard task in the narrow hallway, he found him with his back against the wall, probably attempting fruitlessly to see or escape the situation. “Nile? You ok?”

“Of course I’m ok! We could die at any moment, what’s there to worry about?” he said sarcastically in a whining tone, so in and out of character all at the same time, Rain held back his laughter.

“We’re fine. All we have to do is find the exit, right? Just feel around for any open spaces.” He knew how mazes worked. Always follow the wall, and you’d get out eventually. It was the one thing he did learn in school. Even if Nile did know, he would be too preoccupied to think of it. Slowly, they began to wind their way through the dark, Rain leading and feeling the way while Nile held onto him from behind.

Nile seemed reluctant to move at all, but pressed on. If Rain had any cruel thoughts, they disappeared by now. Nile had to trust him. He trusted Nile, and Nile trusted him back… for real. Maybe it was lame, but still… it was… pretty amazing.

They moved around for a couple minutes, before they ran into their first obstacle. Nile seemed alarmed, the minute Rain stopped dead, “What? What is it? I can’t see anything!”

“I… Feel ropes.” Rain answered, as if it were normal.

“Ropes?”

“Yeah. Remember those shows where people had to run through that obstacle course, and one of the things was a lot of ropes? If feels like that.”

“Wait wait wait. You mean I may be strangled?!”

“You won’t be strangled, just go through the ropes, feel your way through.”

“I can’t.” Nile decided… “But I can… try… to… follow you…”

Rain sighed, “Why do you trust me? I mean… Why do I trust you either? There’s a lot we don’t talk about anymore. Like why are you scared of the dark anyways, and what about this morning?” Nile didn’t reply for a couple minutes. “Nile?”

“That’s a lot of questions. And a lot you don’t need to know.”

“Why not?!”

“Because it could hurt you!”

“No, it could hurt you!” Rain argued. “You’re just scared of me ever disobeying or living.”

“Or dying!” Nile shot back, feeling awkward not being able to see his little brother. He couldn’t see his expression or read his body language. He couldn’t plan ahead… he was right on the edge of losing his composure.

“What do you mean?” Rain asked more sympathetic. “What do you mean dying? You don’t mean because of…”

Nile cut him off, “Our parents didn’t just die normally, ok? I can’t say any more.”

“Why?” Rain pressed.

“I can’t…” Nile whispered, and Rain understood. Whatever happened, Nile had seen, and he was traumatized. “Let’s just get out of here, ok?” he said, shifting his weight.

“I’m sorry. We’ll keep going.” Rain’s voice was humbled.

Nile didn’t want to say it, but fear and memories weren’t his biggest problem. Facing his fears, he decided that the dark was a lot less to worry about than peeing his pants in public, with his brother watching… Especially since they would be seen by everyone on the way back to camp, and he happened to know the end of the maze was a zip line…

All this talking, and Nile really was nervous for his bladder… he had to pee… how many obstacles would they have to go through? He wasn’t sure… he’d…. make it…

*030*2012-07-29 10:06

Ok, it's been forever. I was struggling weather it was worth it to continue, but alas my happily creepy fantasies in my head are still there, and it turns out they need an outlet. Also, it's past 4 am. There's always good news. It's raining. What better time to write Omo? This one is pretty standard, with (in my opinion) a sort of a look into Nile's head. He has issues. *Point's to the story* There's a part in there where it talks about well... I'll quote: "Who’s dirty, twisted mind thought up such a horrible place? When did this ever seem like a good idea?" Have you ever had those moment where you feel happily cruel? >:] I'm currently trying to remember the last time I took my meds.

Anyways, here you go. This chapter's desperation is there, but I'm not confident I did a good job. I'm limited in description (being female, unlike characters) but I did my best. Nile's a hard write... or a head-case, I haven't figured it out either. But he's in MY head, so... what does that say about me? O.O lol Either way, enjoy my burst of strangeness.

Chapter Ten

He felt like an animal. In the dark, deprived of the use of his sight, Nile’s hearing peaked and he was sure he could hear every little scuttle and scrape the building made against the wind. That’s right… they were in a cabin... they were in the maze… and Nile had to PEE. It was sure the worst timing ever. The first tangle of ropes nearly sent him into a panic attack. Who’s dirty, twisted mind thought up such a horrible place? When did this ever seem like a good idea? ‘I know! Let’s just shove a tight maze into that section over there. And guess what? If we make it dark, we save on electricity! …OH, let’s throw in some random obstacles as well just for messes. That’ll be fun to watch.’ He mocked in his thoughts.

His bladder gave a small whine, a trickle of urine escaped. As it was, they had been in there somewhere between five and ten minutes, getting lost several times and running into dead ends. The cabin wasn’t THAT big, that Nile remembered, but in the darkness every little step felt like it was swallowed up and devoured as the dark stretched itself into eternity. Nile was attempting to hold his legs together and walk at the same time, while used a hand to keep track of Rain.

He had already gotten lost in this forsaken place once already.

As soon as they managed to make it through the obstacle without Nile peeing himself, Rain had walked up a ways – quietly – and Nile found himself lost and on the verge of a panic attack.

No time for reminiscing… his bladder sent urgent signals to his head, as if he hadn’t yet noticed that he needed to pee. And badly.

Daring to place a hand on his lower abdomen he did… and it was hard. Nile didn’t even remember if he had gone this morning.

His bladder didn’t hurt too badly, but it felt like pressure and a slight, easing pain that swept across it. His muscles were tight, starting to issue complaints like lazy workmen. Nile wanted to yell, ‘Shut up and get back to work!’

“When are we going…. to be… out of here?” he asked aloud, failing miserably to hide the desperation in his voice.

“How should I know? You wanted to come here.” Rain sighed, “This place is bigger than it looks.”

That’s what he was afraid of.

A few minutes later, Nile was sure if they weren’t nearing the exit, it wouldn’t make a difference. They would be lost forever in the darkness, and Nile would have to face the inevitable.

They had slowed considerably, Nile unable to move at a normal speed.

His bladder convulsed.

Hissing, he jammed his hands to his crotch, though that didn’t do him much good. At least it made him feel like he had a fighting chance.

Time was ticking.

Standing still again as Rain tried to figure out some obstacle ahead of them, Nile shifted in place and crossed his legs. Worse of all, he was starting to get turned on. The longer he held, the pain became a sort of odd, guilty pleasure, and he found himself wondering if it was worth it to pee. ‘Just a bit longer.’ He told himself, as he was beginning to lose all reason.

An audible while got Rain’s attention. “Is something wrong, brother?” he asked with a light concern.

He didn’t want to talk about this. Be it God, fate, or just pure rotten luck, justice was being served, and revenge was a… well, either way he was stuck here with mixed feelings and a swollen bulge in his bladder, his legs crossed, and an unseen future ahead of them.

The darkness was closing in. Suffocating. Nile could hear the screams – the screams of his bladder, of his past, of his nightmares.

“I’m FINE.” He said slowly through clenched teeth as he felt his bladder spasm and threatened release.

“We’re close to the exit now, so just hang on. We’ll be there soon.” Rain reassured.

Nile couldn’t give a crap. He wanted to pee, and pee now. But he wanted this feeling of helplessness to continue, he wanted… what did he want? A painful complaint of his bladder sent out a short spurt, and Nile squirmed against it, leaning against the wall.

Rain moved on ahead.

Nile didn’t move.

“Come on.” Rain protested. “We’re almost there. There’ll be light soon.”

He had lost all track of time. “Can’t… move.”

“Why not? Just come and…” Rain was starting to think something else was the matter.

“I can’t.” he whined dramatically. “Laugh if you want, I have to pee like a horse.” It sounded like a line fit for a play, his voice the perfect tone for displaying his frustration.

Rain was really glad his brother couldn’t see him smile.

“You’re… laughing aren’t you?” Nile’s voice was dull, his breathing labored, and sweat on his forehead.

“Maybe. Revenge is sweet.”

“What do you mean?” Alarm sounded in his mind.

“You drank cranberry juice for crying out loud. I knew you would still be able to hold for a while, so I slipped you a diuretic they sold at the counter using my allowance and wondered around for a while.”

Nile could strangle him. Would strangle him. Later. “You evil little…”

“Come on, the exit should be just over this tunnel.

“T-tunnel?” His legs were shaking with need, and he hissed. He was on the verge of insanity.

“Yeah, it’s one of the ones that spin around. At funhouses they’re always right before the end.”

The moved on. Barely. Nile wrestled with his bladder, feeling small spurts escape as he tried desperately not to fall over as the round tunnel spun underneath his feeting.

With some miracle, he made it though, only to see a slight – slight – light at the end of the straight walkway. Light!

That’s when it wall went wrong.

Moving ahead, Nile unknowingly was the one to step on the switch. The small switch that started up some air fans from the walls.

This scared him half to death, jumping back, his bladder giving way as the hot urine poured over him and the sound of the fans ceased.

Somehow, he ended up with his back against the wall when his bladder had puddled its contents to the floor. Nile slunk down in release, landing on his knees, feeling the pleasure as the fabric sucked up the urine thirstily. Then he just gave up.

Nile tilted his head back, and began to laugh.

~*~

Rain was confused. The sound of the air had scared him, but more so than that, he was terrified by his brother’s laughter. Through the trickle of light, he could tell Nile appeared to be on the floor… laughing hysterically.

“…” No, he couldn’t say anything. His brother could be dramatic, but this… this was creepy.

In a minute, the laughter quieted to a chuckle. “I love you.”

“Wha?” Rain wondered if Nile had hit his head.

“I love you.” Nile repeated, not deterred in the least.

“Yeah…” Rain blushed at his brother’s embarrassing words. “Yeah.”

Even though it was a bit of a trip back, and Nile’s front was completely soaked, Rain felt a type of security and closeness he hadn’t felt in a long time. Rain felt like he was home.

Nile’s constant smile scared Rain. The look in his eyes wasn’t normal. As the day moved on, and eventually turned to night, the events ended with Rain at peace… and Nile planning sweet revenge.

###

Next Chapter:

*Planned to be a little long!

*A hike in the woods with a group and a guide!

*Back to Rain and giving him troubles. *smile*

*A female in the group desperate

*Finally, the END of the camping trip.

All of that shoved into a very confusing chapter. This one won't take as long to write as this chapter did, because I have decided, again, to just write as long as I get one reply. Actually, I plan to write it anyways, as an outlet of sorts, so I may as well post it. If you have anything to contribute or comment on, just post. Or post to say hi and encourage me to continue. Whatever you feel like. Also, I plan on trying to make there be more desperation and wetting, etc, in this OMO story, since that is the point of it, so after the next chapter (when the camping ends) I want to try to change things up a little for you. Blessings.

And for the record, I think I forgot to figure out how to write about his fear. I know why he's afraid of the dark, but I'm only scared of bugs that crawl, fly, big, small, or sting... but not the dark. Though it can creep me out at times, I wasn't sure how to put my thoughts onto paper. Anyways, I've woken up an hour ago for this chapter, now I'm rambling and back to bed. Loves.

*033*2013-04-12 04:32

I'm still iffy, and the whole lack of focus and attention thing really doesn't help. I've been away for a while. Between my many self-problems, they want to add another to the list (T.T) so I'm still waiting on this and that. Seems like I'm always waiting, but I guess that's the fun part... Oh, also, my laptop keyboard decided it hates working, and is now busted. No clue what happened, since it was working fine till I STOPPED using the computer for two days... Now I have a wireless so I can type at least... Got quite used to it. Sorta forgot about this story. I'm not sure what I'm going to do with it. I'm not even sure if it makes sense? Oh well.... apparent insomnia has rendered me uncertain. Either way, I'll peek in, and consider things. I feel If I do end it, I should at least stick to my word and give it an actual ending. Otherwise... it's just... sad somehow.

I'm not dead, but I do have the attention span of a squirrel, and what I do focus on has to have some significant (point or not) value for that particular second. (How will I ever make it in life?! lol) I want to get better at writing, and have been writing normal things on and off, but... well, that's that. There might be a point for posting this. Might not. I really don't know at this point. Haha, well, I'll get off now, but... Yeah...

*Oh, look, sparkly object*

Also, I should be asleep since I have to get up tomorrow. Anyways, not sure what I'll do with this, not very confident. I am usually pretty bad at playing female characters (I'm female, but I still don't get it, go figure) and have always stuck to male, but I'm not confident in them since I'm not a male, and therefore think (mostly, at least) like a female, but not quite at the same time. @[email protected]

Actually, my real-life friend insulted my female characters, said to stick with male. And he's a guy. rofl. So, It'll be however. When I get around to it.... So, since I said the same things at least twice, good night. Sleep tight. And if you see the sand-man kidnap him and drag him over to my place. He's not doing his job properly.

Wishing you full bladders, Night.

*035*2013-04-27 02:57

Ok, I've looked at it a bit, I've thought about it, and I've considered what I feel like doing. The thing is, I want to be a better writer, as writing is the only thing I can reasonably do in life that can be beneficial as well as entertaining. Plus, it's one of the few things where I won't "kill" anybody on my not-so-happy days. I've also decided that a more routine lifestyle and learning to write under pressured times, plus making a priority list, are all positive things I need to do. Why am I mentioning this? Because that's where this story comes in. I know I'm a bit distract-able and something always seems to be coming up, which is why I'm making it a goal to get over that and this is a good opportunity.

I'm going to work on re-working some of the story (I figured out why I randomly dropped. I'm not entirely satisfied with how the characters acted or the story randomly swung off at a couple points, and I want to try to change a few things. (I panicked when I realized the problem with sending them to camp is... well... it required them doing camp-things. I've gone to camp, and I've gone camping (unintentionally once due to car breaking down and redneck towing) but I've never really thought about what people may actually do at camp. So I sort of snapped....

Plus, while I may or may not wind up with a female desperation involved (depends on what the story calls for and how well the female turns out) it'll be primarily male, so I want to be sure to make that clear so viewers primarily interested in females be warned of that... I'm going to continue the story, but I'll be making a new board and rewriting a few things, though the characters are the same, a few things are staying as well (such as the car desperation and near-accident morning). Also, this was written when I was first attempting to relearn writing again, so I think that affected it as well.

To make a long, pointless post longer: I don't have one of those "life" things for the most part (lol) and most of my time is spent at home writing. So DO NOT FEEL RESERVED OR BAD when it comes to telling me to aim for new chapters, or any sort of constructive criticism good or bad. I need to learn, and motivation is a big key and helper in this. Plus, I am thankful for the continued support of anyone who is interested, and thank you for dealing with me.

Besides, when it comes down to it, Rain is just too fun to mess with to not write about. :wub:

Night

