RWBY: A Captured Emerald

Author: Subzerowater

*000*2016-01-13 16:52

(Disclaimer: i would like to sincerely apologise. However, this is my 2nd attempt at writing the story and it is guaranteed to be worse than my first attempt.This is because my first attempt was going so well and i was done writing the back-story part, but then i accidentally click the "go to previous page/website "button on my PC and the moment i refreshed and came back, the entire story was gone and i mean GONE. As in no copy of it was left! I am now currently frustrated and of course this means that my story will not be as good as my original attempt and i apologise for that.

However, omorashi.org should add in a feature in the "create a topic" page that gives you a warning when you try to leave the page. I am now skipping the backs-story and heading straight to the omorashi part with a bit of info so people know what is going on.However, fans of RWBY will definitely question the story as it will have many contradictions to mechanics of RWBY.)

"Wha? Where am i?"

Emerald woke up and found her hands being tied up by some strong rope which seems to originate from the roof and her feet restrained by some sort of Atlas technology. The last thing she remembered was executing a plan from her master,Cinder Falls, by gathering information about the location of the Fall Maiden. However, this did not end well and she was captured by the atlas military after a failed raid on the Atlas Intelligence HQ.

She was to be interrogated by the atlas military while beng restrained standing up,even for several hours as she refuses to give any information that would compromise her master's intention. She had just recently joined Cinder in her adventures after being picked up on the street after stealing a ring from a jewellery and she definitely wouldn't want information to spread so quickly

The main method of atlas interrogation is electrical shock . It delivers pain to the victim and does get them to talk eventually but the interrogators are trained to use it without killing nor harming the victim to the point she becomes insane. They also have to abide by the Right of Individual laws in Remnant. However, being an atlas military. They also have lots of other ways to gain information from their victims...

After their stranded techniques of electrical shock didn't work. They decided to try something different....

Emerald Sustrai has been in the interrogation room for a long time. It felt like days to her but in reality, a few hours have passed. The Atlas military gave food and water to Emerald but there is one other need that the atlas military doesn't provide...

Emerald Sustrai was constantly fidgeting, despite standing up and being restrained for several hours and not feeling tired. Emerald couldn't even use her hands to hold it. Every minute to her felt like days and the agony of it drove her to the verge of tears. In fact because of Emerald's outfit, everyone could actually see her bulging bladder.

" all right Emerald, since our usual interrogation techniques do not seem to work against someone like you. We will try something else instead. It has come to my attention that you have not used the bathroom for several hours and i can tell you are quite "desperate" from your body language" said the interrogator as he entered the room."

"um... well.. i do admit.. i gotta.. gotta pee a little" replied Emerald with a red face.

"very well then, so here is what we are going to do. We are going to video this interrogation while you stay there and answer our question. Everytime you refuse to answer, we will be disurbing.. well you know what we will be disturbing, and should you actually lose it we will be uploading this "anonymous" clip to the media for the world to see, and we will of course be putting a blame against the white fang, raising support against those terrorist scum. The other option is for you to tell us what we need to know, and we will let you use the bathroom."

"you think that making me go in my pants is going to make me tell anything, fat joke!"

" i see i have no choice then"

Emerald initially refuses to answer any questions , which would lead to the interrogator pressing a few buttons , each with different effects on Emerald. Once, an electric shock was sent directly to Emerald's bladder, and there was also another time in which mechanical arms came and tickled emerald on the armpits. The restrainers on Emerald's legs even once forcibly opened Emerald's crossed legs. All of these was recorded in video format.

However, She was still holding it somehow. The interrogator began to use more psychological techniques, by reminding her of hot water and waterfalls. Ever purposely making her step into warm water using the restrainers. Eventually, a more violent technique was need and she was punched once in the bladder.

"AHH! NO! Please stop!!!" begged Emerald as she tried her best to control her bladder.

"giving up already? Aw comon, i like to see that desperate and red face of yours"

"Please, when i was a child, i was once humiliated like this by my friends in public. Everyone laughed at me and from that day on i swore i will never wet myself again. Please.. use other interrogation techniqutes but this, i beg you. " begged Emerald again as tears started to flow out of her eyes.

"just tell me what i want to know and i will stop, i promise"

"all right all right, i will answer your questions.. please just lemme go to the bathroom after this."

Answering the questions added a few more minutes, and Emerald was really on her limit now. However, the interrogation has finally ended and she was still holding it.

"now may i use the bathroom now?"

"actually now that i think about it,i think i will just keep tickling you until you wet yourself, it is fun to see your pretty face being red"

"WHAT? You lied! Bastard! i will kill you! I swear i will.. AHH!, no.. no..." threatened emerald before she is reminded of her bladder

The tickling continued for a few more minutes. This time, Emerald began to lose it and after a few spurts a spot can be seen in her pants but she has not completely wet the floor yet..

" oh , what is that on your pants?"

"no.. not this again.. no..." weeped Emerald as she realised she was going to lose it and closed her eyes for a while.

When she opened her eyes again , she saw that the interrogator's head was gone. his body found on the floor with blood everywhere. Looking up, she saw her saviour.. her master: Cinder falls.

"Ma'am!, i am so glad to see you. OH NO! NO! NO! NO! ITS COMING OUT,! I CAN'T COLD IT ANYMORE. NO! NO! NO!"

Alas, the green haired girl has finally lost it. Urine poured from her womenhood, through her pants and onto the floor. What is worse is that the recording was not stopped, all while she was still being restrained.

"no.. i am so sorry ma'am... this is so embarassing"

"sigh, it is ok. Come, lets get the hell out of here."

"promise me you will not tell mercury about this?"

"i promise, but you must be punished for your incompetence and your failure. What is this? Oh my what a lovely video!, i think this will be kept as a reminder of your failure and i can show you this every time you screw something up"

"yea.. whatever" whispered a very exahausted emerald as she was being freed by her master while having wet pants..."

*003*2016-01-17 08:45

{{:

Well, you're not supposed to write the story in the "Post new topic" page. You're supposed to write it in a separate program and paste it in so that things like that don't happen. Something longer than a few paragraphs should never be written on the site itself initially. Get an office program, or wordpad, or something.

}}

That is a good idea. I will keep it in mind

