One Direction: Preferance - You Put Him Back In Nappies

Author: suprnatrl

*000*2015-08-05 21:30

Again, same as last time, this was written a while ago so Zayn is included in this.

Zayn: Zayn sobbed with humiliation and hid behind you like a shy toddler when the boys came over. Liam stared, his eyes widening with shock.

"You didn't really do it, did you y/n?" He asked. You nodded firmly.

"It's for the best, you know what he's like" you said. Zayn always refused point blank to tell anyone when he needed the toilet, and if he was around anyone he would try to put off going to the bathroom. Sick of the constant accidents that this led to, you had put him in a nappy while he was taking a nap. He obviously understood why you had done it as he didn't try to take it off, but he still teared up and went very shy whenever he was around anyone else.

"Bit harsh, isn't it, y/n?" Louis commented as him and the other boys sat down on the couch. Anytime they had an evening off they would have a movie night at one of their houses. Tonight was you and Zayn's turn. You slipped a movie into the dvd player and got comfy next to your boyfriend. Just as you had expected, about halfway through the movie he started to squirm and cross his legs. Niall, who was closest to the remote, automatically started to reach for the pause button, but you shook your head at him.

"Just go" you whispered to Zayn, and lightly pressed down on his bladder. You could tell that he did go, because he started crying quietly again. You wiped his eyes and cuddled him, praising him and insisting that it was ok. Zayn sniffled and snuggled into you, but calmed down. Maybe, just maybe, he could get used to this. At least now he never had to say anything when he had to go, and if he figured out how to change himself, maybe he would never have to talk about it again...

Niall: "Enough is enough Niall, even the doctor said you should wear them" you said to your boyfriend as you held up one of the nappies you had bought for him. His bladder control had become almost non-existant so, worried, you had taken him to the doctor's to see what was wrong. He had pretty much just confirmed everything you had already learned, that Niall's bladder problems had worsened and nappies would probably be a good idea. Naturally, the little irishman hadn't taken it well, but you insisted. Eventually he gave in, but on one condition.

"You have to change me" Niall said firmly and confidently, although his usually pale skin was flushed red. You giggled a little, but agreed willingly enough. He laid back on the bed and you pulled his jeans and boxers off. You tapped his hips, telling him to lift up, and when he did so you slid the nappy under him. You pushed gently on his stomach to get him back down, then taped it up and put his jeans back on. He smiled and wriggled around in it, obviously liking the feeling.

"I cannot believe you seriously just did that!" Niall said, but he didn't sound angry. He sounded more like you'd just made his biggest dream come true - and hey, you realised, maybe you have. You already knew that Niall was rather kinky, but you had never asked about fetishes before. You decided to bring that up later, when you changed him. After all, you just wanted your little snowflake to be happy.

Harry: "Y/n, are you out of your mind?!" Harry yelled at you furiously.

"I'm only trying to help you hazza, you know that" you said to the back of his head, as he was now staring at the wall and sulking. Harry had an absolute horror of using the toilet anywhere but at home, he just couldn't go, and this led to quite a few public accidents. So far most of them had been hidden, and any pictures that got leaked were claimed to be photoshopped, but management were threatening to put Harry in nappies all the time if it kept up. You knew that this was pointless, as the problem only occured when he was out, but no-one would listen to you when you tried to explain.

"The choice is your's, Harold. Either wear them willingly when you're out and then you can take them off at home, or be stuck in them 24/7" you said firmly to him, calling him Harold instead of Harry or hazza so he knew you meant business. He shook his head.

"I'll take my chances of holding it while we're out and about" he decided, before heading out to the car to go to an interview. You put one of the nappies into your handbag anyway in case he changed his mind, and hurried off after him. You were both doing the interview together. About halfway there you realised you forgot to remind Harry to use the toilet before he left, and groaned at yourself. You knew what was going to happen. Sure enough he wriggled and squirmed the whole way through the interview, and by the time it was finally over he had to hold himself while he walked. There was no way he'd make it the whole way home, and you didn't want the car seats ruined, so you tugged him into the disabled bathroom.

"You know I won't be able to go!" Harry whined as he jumped about in place. "Why bother even making me try?"

"I know, and I'm not" you said calmly. "Take your jeans and boxers off and lie down." He started to see where this was going and his eyes widened in alarm. He took a few steps back, shaking his head, but you grabbed his arm.

"Look, I wouldn't normally force you into this, but you don't really have much choice here haz" you pointed out gently. "You know you won't be able to hold it all the way home, and you can't go here, so you're stuck with this. I promise I'll take it off as soon as you've gone." He whimpered sadly, but laid down on the floor like you told him. You quickly put the nappy on him and he stood back up. It was obvious he was going to try and hold it for as long as possible, so you and him headed back out to the car. 10 minutes later you were driving home and Harry was being unusually quiet, when suddenly he started crying and you knew that his bladder had finally given in. You smiled and promised to get it off him as soon as you were home. From that day on Harry always wore a nappy when he was out. The other boys never found out, but they always did wonder how Harry could be out all day and never have to stop to go to the toilet...

Louis: Enough was enough. Louis had been behaving like a total spoiled brat for the past week, and it was really getting under your skin! You had tried every punishment you could think of, but he either ignored you or laughed at you. Desperate for help, you asked the other boys for ideas while Louis was out. Three pairs of eyes instantly turned to Harry, who groaned and blushed, but eventually he explained.

"If I misbehaved when I was younger, my mum wouldn't ground me or anything, she'd put me in a nappy and make me use it" Harry explained quietly, bright red in the face and staring at his feet. "I remember she'd put tape round it to stop me taking it off, 'coz I bit my nails at the time and couldn't get the tape off"

"Louis bites his nails" you said. "D'you reckon that would work?"

"It worked on me! I was probably the best behaved kid in the world at the time!" Harry said, pulling a face at the very memory. So you and the boys made a quick plan, and as soon as Louis stepped in through the door Liam pinned him to the wall, Harry and Zayn held his arms and legs still, and you and Niall got the nappy on and wrapped the tape round the top where the sticky bits are to take it on and off. When you finally let go of Louis he looked down at himself to see that he was wearing a nappy and you and the boys were wearing very sheepish expressions.

"Sorry Louis, but I've told you all week that you've been a total brat and need to learn a lesson. If using a nappy and humiliating you is the only way, then so be it" you said. He frantically tried to get it off, but his short nails scrabbled uselessy against the tape and it didnt budge. The boys then had to leave for an interview, and you made them swear not to take the nappy off unless he used it, and not to mock him - you didn't want the punishment any worse than it already was.

They promised, and left. It was late when he got back, and Zayn whispered to you that louis hadn't gone all day and he was very wriggly in the car. You nodded and thanked him, then closed the door behind him. Louis went straight to bed without speaking to you, and you followed him. You both laid in silence for a while with Louis wriggling like crazy beside you, when suddenly he stopped and relaxed. He must have finally used it, you thought to yourself as Louis let out a happy sigh. After holding it all day it must have felt good to just let go, even if it was into a nappy like a baby. You pulled the tape off and threw the nappy away and he instantly got changed back into boxers.

"Sorry y/n. I'll listen next time, I promise" he said. He stuck to his promise, but even so you kept a box of nappies and a roll of tape hidden in the wardrobe, just in case...

Liam: You were hidden in the wardrobe, planning to jump out and scare Liam as soon as he came in. He had talked Louis into helping him play a prank on you earlier, so now you wanted revenge. You watched through a gap in the doors as Liam finally came in, but he was acting so weird that you stayed crouched in there for a minute, watching him. Looking around nervously, he rummaged about under the bed and pulled out one of Niall's night-time nappies for when he stayed over. Smiling quietly to himself, he wriggled out of his jeans and boxers and put the nappy on, carefully taping it up. Suddenly you noticed how squirmy he was, and remembered that he hadn't gone to the bathroom all day. You had found this strange earlier, but now it was starting to add up.

Once the nappy was on he reached under his pillow and grabbed the teddy bear he still couln't sleep without. He cuddled into it, before putting his thumb in his mouth and sucking gently. You thought he would stop there, but he didn't. Mumbling something to himself in the cute baby voice you had heard him use when he talked in his sleep, he suddenly relaxed all over. From where you were, you could just about make out the yellow stain spreading across the nappy. He smiled again, and once he was done he started to take the nappy off. You pressed your face closer to the gap, trying to see better, but you pressed too hard and tumbled out of the wardrobe, making Liam jump and look up. He blushed when he realised you must have seen everything, and quickly attempted to explain.

"I-I'm sorry y/n, I don't know why I do it, the stress has just been getting to me a lot and this really relaxes me for some reason" he babbled quickly, pulling at the nappy to try and get it off, but his hands were shaking now and it wouldn't come off. Suddenly, everything made sense. Liam needed ageplay, how could you not have seen it before? You gently laid him back on the bed and pulled the nappy off, putting a fresh one on him.

"There, mummy's little baby's all snug now!" you cooed at him, tickling his tummy to make him laugh. He giggled childishly and spoke in his baby voice again.

"Y/n, you be my mummy now?" he asked hopefully.

"If you want me to be" you replied, carefully dressing him in his oldest but most favourite toy story pyjamas. He nodded eagerly and cuddled into you. That was the start of Liam's new life, the start of his new favourite way to de-stress: being your baby - and even when he wasn't at home with you, he liked wearing nappies so much that he pretended to the boys he had bladder issues and just wore them all the time. Whatever floats his boat, you thought to yourself.

*002*2015-08-07 17:41

{{: 

I am not a fan of taking real people or characters and putting them in stories because liberties are taken with their personalities that make them no longer those characters or people. Futhermore, I dislike boy bands so I came into this heavily biased.

Sorry to say I had to stop reading when you did Character Name: to signify dialog or point of view. The nail in the coffin was using "y/n". It was jarring and lazy.

}}

I thought y/n was what you were supposed to use for preferences? And I know it's not very well-written, I wrote this a long time ago.

