The Case of The Litter Box - Page 2

Author: boxes

*025*2014-12-29 02:12

A short update, but I haven't given up this story yet! Sorry about the formatting, I'm copying this story in a different manner than before.

The Case of The Litter Box

Ch6

Customers dined in silk and satin, a stark difference from Lovino's mismatched ill-fitting attire. He stuck around the walls, craning his neck to try to see around far-off corners and niches. He could spot exotic furs and jewelry, and men and women from far-off parts of the globe, but none of them his owner.

Lovino mewed a few times, hoping his owner would hear him. It didn’t rationalize in his mind that his owner would be able to pick out his voice, hardly using it besides announcing a need or want. He slunk along the walls where he could, walking around, glancing at various tables as if he was lost.

Five-star restaurants needed space, and this place was no exception, He walked through rooms and rooms, upstairs and up more stairs. Still nothing. He had no way of tracking the time, but figured Antonio would be looking for him soon.

He flicked a tail in annoyance, giving the room another quick look. No owner, and he was sure he’d been through most of the building. Time to head back to the theater, he sighed. First, a trip to the box. His tummy still wasn’t feeling well. As if on cue, it rumbled uncomfortably.

Just as he turned around, Lovino found himself face-to-chest with a very bulky man. His ears flicking down, he looked up hopefully, but it wasn’t his owner. The man, however, didn’t look so positive. Very much the opposite.

“Sir, I’m going to have to ask you to leave,” the man said, and took little notice of Lovino’s confused, “Miao?”

“We’ve had a few complaints, and your apparel is not in accordance with our dress code.”

What? Lovino stared at him, understanding roughly half of those words. “Miao? Korobka?”

“If you’d come with me...” He didn’t react to a leash suddenly clipped to his collar, giving another little mew. Lovino followed the man, and he appeared to be led through a back hallway to a backdoor.

“I’m going to let you go here,” the man told him gently. “Don’t get it in your head to come back without an owner, do you understand?”

“Korobka,” whined Lovino, upset that he’d had his last chance to go taken away from him. He kneaded his lower abdomen, whining.

The man’s expression softened, and he sighed. “Come in, then,” he said, defeated. “I’ll take you to the litter box, and then you’re out of here, got it?”

Lovino lit up and cheered.

*026*2014-12-29 02:25

{{:

I really do find this funny and cute. o w o

And this did really make me happy. It's like hardly any omorashi fanfictions or artwork with Romano as the victim even exist.

So, thank you. c:

}}

We must be using different search engines! I've found a small treasure trove with Romano as the wetter, with two or three with Spain in distress. The APH Kink Meme has two absolute works of art with Romano as the unwilling wetter: a one-shot

, and an epic where Spain keeps trying to make Romano desperate.

*030*2016-02-06 03:24

I've been working on other writing projects (of the not-porn variety), along with being busy with college this past year. I use a shared network at college and don't like to be signed in to this website just to browse porn during that time.

