A Taste For Desperation - Lesbian Watersports

Author: misslunaswift

*000*2014-06-10 22:06

I've just published "A Taste For Desperation

" for Kindle and Kobo. Here's chapter 1 for you all to give you your own taste! And thanks to all of you who buy my watersports books when they're published. Without your support I wouldn't be able to keep writing. Anyway on with the story...

My best friend has borrowed my laptop but I forgot to delete my watersports videos. I'm worried she'll see them and discover the clips of me wetting myself for online forums. My love of desperation came from the day I was stuck on the bus watching another woman try not to wet herself. Ever since then I've loved omorashi but I don't know if my friend will be disgusted with me or maybe this is my chance to meet someone who'll let me pee on them...

Chapter 1 - An Eventful Bus Journey

If I could offer you one piece of advice it would be this, if you're going to lend your laptop to someone, make sure you've deleted all your bookmarks, your videos and your internet history first. Especially if some of those videos consist of you standing in the bath, wetting your see through panties and touching yourself. I wish I'd remembered to get rid of those more than any others. It's so embarrassing. I've got to go round to Jo's house and collect my computer from her in ten minutes and from what she said on the phone, she knows everything about my secret fetish, the one I've never told anyone about, the one I've tried so hard to keep to myself.

I first developed my love of desperation because of a simple traffic jam. I wasn't even driving. I was a passenger on the park and ride bus sitting next to a complete stranger. She was nineteen or twenty, leaning her head against the window in the blazing sun as we crawled through the roadworks on Carson Street. It had been a nightmare along there for weeks ever since they'd started replacing the gas pipes but today seemed worse than ever. It had been forty minutes and we'd barely made it halfway down the road, the only sound that of beeping horns and endless drilling. It would have been quicker to walk, quieter too as I could have cut down to the riverside path. There was no chance now though. Some people had asked the driver to let them off. Another one was about to ask by the looks of things.

It was a middle aged woman holding her tartan shopping bag in her hand as she shuffled on the spot as near to the door as she could get.

"Can't you just open the door and let me out here please? I need to...go."

The driver shook his head and sighed. "Listen love, I'll tell you what I told the rest, I'm only allowed to stop at a designated point. It'll be my head if someone at the depot finds out I'm letting you all out any which where."

"But-"

"No. Look, we're moving again. Won't be long now."

He jerked into gear and we edged forward another few inches. The woman remained standing, shuffling on the spot and making me frown as I wondered why she was so uncomfortable.

"I bet she needs to pee," the girl next to me said.

"Excuse me?" I replied, turning to look at her. Now I could see her face properly, I saw how drop dead gorgeous she was. Her long blonde hair cascaded down the back of her neck and her face had that statuesque beauty to it, like a Greek goddess. Her top was so loosely low cut, as she leant forward I could see straight down it to the shapely curve of her breasts inside. Despite the size of her boobs, she obviously chose not to wear a bra. In the second it took me to scan her face and body, something felt out of place and whilst trying to work out what it was I missed what she said.

"Sorry, what was that?"

"I said, I bet she's not as desperate for the toilet as I am."

"Oh right."

It clicked in my mind then. It was her legs in her tiny faded blue denim shorts. Her knees were jiggling up and down. She needed the toilet and so did the woman at the front. So did I for that matter but I was clearly nowhere near as desperate as these two.

We crawled forward another few feet and the woman at the front tried again.

"Please can you let me out? I really need the bathroom." Her face was flushing as she said it, clearly embarrassed to have to mention her desperation in front of the whole bus but it made no difference. The driver just shook his head and she was forced to start walking up and down the aisle to try and control herself.

As she walked past me, I got a closer look at her and I felt a strange tingling inside me. Maybe it was her loss of self-control, no longer caring how she looked to those around her in her desire to hold in her pee, maybe it was the sense of power the bus driver seemed to hold over her, like something in Fifty Shades. For all I knew this was just role play and the two of them were a happily married couple.

I felt a slight tingle deep in my tummy as she turned at the back of the bus and began shuffling past me, her legs wriggling in her miniskirt, causing it to ride up and flash a length of her thigh. As she reached the front again, she shuddered and I heard her mutter to herself. She shoved her hand between her legs and began squirming on the spot. Everyone on the bus was watching her now, she had captured our attention and I felt that tingle inside me again as we lurched forward and stopped barely another foot down the road.

We all watched as the woman began to bounce up and down, her hand clamped between her legs the entire time, lifting her skirt higher as she spun round towards the door, as if willing it to open. The engine rumbled louder as the driver revved the accelerator, then slammed to a halt again as a cyclist swerved in front of the bus.

The driver hit the horn, a blast of noise filling the air. The woman in the aisle gasped and muttered something and then looked down at the floor at her feet, her head hung in shame.

I gasped too at the sight before me. A pool of urine had appeared on the floor, it must have run down the woman's leg. Beside me the girl was trying not to giggle as she shuffled back and forth on her seat, sitting on her hands, unable to take her eyes off what was happening, despite her own discomfort.

The bus had stopped again but the woman had lost control completely by now, not moving as the pool at her feet grew wider before trickling down towards the front of the bus. There was an audible hissing sound coming from her as she refused to look anyone in the eye, arms hanging limply at her sides as she continued to wet herself in front of the entire bus.

"Oh god," the girl next to me whispered. "That's so disgusting. And you want to know what's worse? If we don't move soon I might be next."

I hope you liked chapter 1. You can read more here

.

Love Luna

