Spatial Concerns

Author: krayzeeguy

*000*2013-04-24 07:47

Spatial Concerns ~Deliveries Delayed~

Eve scanned the surface of the planet from the satellite's position deep in space, the terraforming procedures were going smoothly as the atmosphere of the planet condensed beneath the hovering craft.

The Commander stood by her console that overlooked the bridge, her space suit a sheen gray that reflected the light of the sun distal in the spacescape. She sipped her morning nutrients, the sweet nectar that under a full bottle supplies the drinker everything except water content for a whole day.

Unknown to her, however, her right hand man had a prank in mind this morning. Today is the day they begin draining the ocean tanks from the incoming water Dreadnought ship. Today is also the day that her first mate, lovers when off duty, snuck in some diuretic into her drink, she always had a strong hold on her crew, her fearsome temperament caused wills to bow and backs to bend. Let's see if we can't get her legs to do the same, he thought to himself.

Eve downed another several gulps of the nutrients, the flavor lingered in her mouth before drying it like it eventually does. Not many people actually were able to finish their nutrient bottles in a single day, the Commander however, could probably down more than two if she wasn't warned of nutrient overdosing. She got herself up from the command, pinging the lower team to keep watch and ensure things are on schedule while she went to get water from the small cafeteria quarters. Most of the satellite's space was taken up by engines, comm arrays and other tech storage, what was left was split into common areas and things actual people could use and live in.

The strong woman downed two whole glasses and grabbed a third to go, enough to keep her from needing to leave the deck again for a while, she bet. The octagonal pattern of her suit refracted from the gentle luminescence from the inner lights of the station. The suit form-hugging, but thicker than it looked on the thirty-year old woman.

"Commander, we're getting a message from the deliverers." One of her crew relayed to her, "There may be a change in plans."

Eve made her way into the bridge to find out what was different.

Meanwhile, Dirk, her right hand man, was enacting the second part of the operation, their scheduling for years has shown in their daily habits, there was no weekend or weekday, every day was the same, so much so in fact that Dirk knew that Eve goes to the bathroom at least twice earlier in the day before anyone else goes once much at all. With that, he got into the control room, usually left on autopilot as the nanomachines and other working relays would check to see if anything really went wrong. Using his priority keycard, he accessed the maintenance logs of the nanomachines, which swarm about the station with near reckless abandon.

They were located far into the weapons bay, where self-defense measures were located, they were doing general cleaning. He modified their logs to show that all the bathrooms on the ship were overdue for full routine checks. It would take the nanomachines at least 4 hours to get to the bathrooms, let alone do a full check, and because of a bug in the system since it's meant to make the machines go to the next directive closest, the directive gets shut off from personnel without proper credentials. With that, the first-mate pulled out his key and saved the changes; his mind played endless tales of how the Commander would go.

"So the delivery is delayed?" She asked.

"Yes, but not by much, so we can't leave post since their ETA is still only marginally unchanged, they're checking for damage to ensure none of the falling space debris hit them." The comm. man went over, "We'll keep you posted ma'am."

"Very well, back to your station soldier." Eve said, taking a sip from her glass, "We can't have a planet without water. The stuff's too important."

She sat herself back at her own station, she wondered where her first-mate went, he's usually by her side awaiting orders. Another chug from her nutrients, the commander trying to down what she can so she can focus entirely on her work, but her stomach was full and would complain if it had any more.

"Dirk, where are you?" She asked impatiently, "You're not at your station."

"Making sure everything's on time." Dirk replied on the local comm, "And using the bathroom, too."

"Yeah, yeah, well after you're done lollygagging you can get going to the bridge."

She closed the comm and patted the small lump on her stomach from a full meal and got to work, the jumping pixels and dodgy texts were hers to catch and peruse to make sure she caught anything her own crew missed. The beautiful sights of the galaxy lost upon such a busybody.

It took Dirk fifteen minutes to get to the deck, "Sorry," he said, noticeably out of breath, "Forgot to make my journal entry for the day."

"You and your soft side," Eve replied, "When are you going to stop attaching yourself to things?"

Dirk chuckled and said quietly in return, "When you're no longer attached to me."

"Work related activities, helps keep the mind open and the body ready," the blonde woman retorted, "Now do me a favor and get these holo-arrays sent to the light-transfer station, I'm going to check a zoom-in on our current planet."

"Yes ma'am," Dirk said, upset that he wouldn't be around again within the timeframe for the first effects of the diuretic. In a couple of conversations with his buddies in the med-bay he found out that the diuretic was powerful and in a single dose it practically siphons water from the patient in half an hour.

Eve peered into the looking glass on her desk, or rather, a hologram of one, but one all the same. Within it was the cataclysmic stormy activity brewing on the planet. Heat lightning, air rushing through and pushing rocks all about, boulders tumbling from cliffsides, cliffsides tumbling from mountains, it's all chaos without water to absorb some of the blow.

Time passed as Eve analyzed the planet, her data matching up with what was happening. Soon, her bladder walls absorbed the blow of her water, and she felt the need to go. But again, the adamant commander refused, she could hold it until the delivery arrived, besides, it was barely a call for nature. It mostly went straight to voicemail.

Even gently took another swig of water and finished her notes, forwarding it to the science team. Catching her by surprise though, her bladder knocked again, this time a bit more audibly, Eve put a hand between her legs as if to choke out the upcoming complaints. Just in time for Dirk to catch her doing so, a small grin barely withheld from his face.

There were still many hours to go.

~=~=~=~=~

Another small start, I was on the IRC chat and most people were interested in another Sci-Fi, so I brought another! This start is a bit more quiet than the first one, but trust me, it will have just as much of a ride, if not a bit more, than my last work. As always, .doc included and comments appreciated!

Spatial Concerns 1.doc

*002*2013-04-25 01:45

Quick day for me, thank goodness, with what little this story has given you guys so far I wanted to continue it ASAP, there are some people who have downloaded my work, those who have feel free to comment, after all, lurkers can't have a say in anything if they don't show up!

=~=~=~=~=

Spatial Concerns ~Two Limits~

"Delivered, Commander," Dirk said, announcing his entrance, "Anything else requested?"

"None as of now, go about the other stations, I need to doublecheck my work here," Eve fibbed, but Dirk agreed and went down to the other stations. As soon as his eyes were focused on the stairs down, Eve grabbed her crotch and pressed it, the diuretic shooting through her system as its due time kicked in.

Eve tried to look over her desk for her work, but the silence was deafening, and the lack of things to grab her attention didn't help her situation. For the few minutes Dirk was away, the commander wriggled in her chair, the sensation clearly not going away and it bothered her that she would need to leave her station before they got contact again from the water delivery.

She sighed to herself, Dirk turned about to head back up the stairs. She pulled her hand back again, her legs pressed together as tightly as they could, "Well?" She said, her voice stern and commanding.

"The delivery will be warping in less than five minutes, we should allocate the proper crew to meet them in the Linking Bay." Dirk said, leaning over the desk to change the projected screen indicating a timer, and to get a glimpse of his work in progress.

"Yes, we should," Eve said, "Can you round them up?"

"Me?" Dirk said, "You usually handle these sorts of things."

"Is that insubordination?" Eve retorted, annoyed.

"No ma'am, you just tend to prefer to be in charge," He replied without hesitation and then added, "Is everything well Commander? You usually finish your nutrients by now..."

He was right, she thought to herself, it would be apparent to the others that something was amiss if she didn't act herself and the very concept of that bothered her. Her body will not override her position as a commander.

She downed a massive swig of her nutrients, the near empty bottle slammed onto the desk, "Everything's fine, now let's move." She said adamantly once again standing up Dirk's eyes couldn't help but catch a glimpse of a faint bulge on her body-formed suit.

Dirk quickly put his eyes at attention, "Yes ma'am."

The two moved down the steps, Eve leading the way, the steps she could feel jostle her insides, and the nutrients and water she could still feel sloshing about in her stomach.

After going down the stairs, Eve turned her attention to the engineer crew, all at their desks, eyes focused on her, "We move to the Linking Bay, we have only a few minutes before the Dreadnought arrives. Move people, move." Her arms motioned for the crew to move, and they obeyed, grabbing whatever devices they needed as they headed for the elevator.

Dirk and Eve made their way up the stairs, upwards on the stairs felt a lot worse for the woman as every time her legs thrusted up, the torrent in her bladder shifted left and right, the discomfort rose.

She let out a sigh from one misstep as she grasped the railing, her bladder pulsed, "Go ahead of me Dirk, I need to check one thing at my command post and the team can't afford to be late or dilly-dallying."

"Yes ma'am," Dirk said without any attempts at word play, he didn't want her angry albeit he didn't want to miss the show that was bound to happen sooner or later. He left for the elevator down the hall.

Eve maintained a straight posture as she turned to her desk hidden to the left of the doorway and she doubled over, her bladder was starting to fill dangerously fast, a quick trip to the bathroom didn't sound that bad now so she can get back to focusing on her work. She bounced on her boots for a bit as she grabbed her groin again, the pressure alleviating and it felt wonderful, she let out another sigh, a bit audible as she wriggled her hand between her legs.

"Commander?" Dirk's voice interrupted her moment of personal serenity, he actually had turned about the moment he went out of sight, but never intended to feast his eyes on his work so well.

Eve straightened herself and reluctantly grabbed her bottle on her desk to appear like she was doing something, "Yes officer?" She replied, closing her eyes to not bear witness that she was indulging in the remnants of her liquid, her legs begged to press together but she was not that far gone yet.

"I was going to ask if you could bring a Comm Tablet, I left mine in my quarters and the crew is waiting for us on the elevator."

Damn her attentive measures, her crew's obedience was flawless, but that would mean she would need to stop them to use the facilities. This woman was too prideful for her own good as she bottled up her need once more. "Very well," she took the tablet and followed her officer to the elevator where her crew waited.

The two stepped onto the lift as electromagnetic gates sealed it shut and went downwards. The shift in motion had a strange effect on Eve's bladder, almost alleviating as the pressure was lifted from her gates.

A hard stop as they reached the Linking Bay, the Commander, in front of most of her crew, visibly buckled her legs partially as a small stream of urine started, stopping it as soon as she could, she felt the wetness of what she just did dribble seep into her suit, she had no time to check for a wet spot as she brought herself to full attention again, her bladder bounced inside her from the quick shift and burned for release.

Dirk thought about asking if she was okay again, but he'd rather watch his work quietly as the gates opened and the group walked out, the Commander holding her tablet against her crotch, blocking any proof he had that her walls were collapsing.

A loud bang echoed in the distance, the Dreadnought had finished porting through the warp, and would be linking in less than a minute.

"Are you ready to watch the waterworks?" Dirk jokingly asked the crew, who generally nodded and chuckled, adding water to a planet via terraforming came in many ways, but for the severely dry planets, it was usually poured like a massive waterfall, where most of it evaporated upon entry allowing for heavy storm rains, the rest of it impacted deeply on the planet at point of arrival. The mere thought of that rumbled the Commander's insides, another wave of need ran over her. Another bathroom in the station would probably be by the arrival platform, but the crew would be there still.

She sighed, and shifted as the massive Dreadnought came adjacent to the station, another spurt was rolling about inside her, and the rest of it, too.

=~=~=~=~=

There we go, apologies for the lack of entertainment in the first part, the third part will probably happen Thursday night/Friday night!

Spatial Concerns 2.doc

*004*2013-04-27 01:59

Spatial Concerns ~Internal Affairs~

As the massive Dreadnought linked with the station, the engineer crew went to their stations to ensure power was diverted properly and all systems were functional on account of both vessels. The commander stood with Dirk to ensure all measures were in place, impatiently she tapped one of her boots. The giant vessel's outer lining was as gray as Eve's suit, and both of which were filled to the brim with liquids.

"Science team, are the numbers looking fine?" Eve asked through her comm.

"Yes ma'am," one of them responded, "The delivery is as good as golden to let loose, all we need is to aim it right and proper at the drainage point!"

This constant talk of running liquids was really starting to get to the commander, she subtly shifted her legs tighter, resisting the urge to bend her knees, she let out a small sigh and replied, "Forward me the data screen for reference."

"Can do!"

The tablet blinked twice as new data got forwarded to it, in small holograms several tables and charts popped up, indicating winds, barometric pressures and due time for several planet activities.

Eve looked over the data and offered it to Dirk, "I'm going to be right back," she said, her bladder throbbing as she felt her control begin to shiver again, another wave was on the rise and she could feel her bulge pressing against her suit immensely. As she handed Dirk the tablet she began to walk to the opposite end of the arrival platform where the facilities were, Dirk spoke up.

"Commander the link is complete and we're preparing for aiming, are you sure you shouldn't be available in case a change of plans is needed?"

"Everything seems to be going according to regulations Dirk, just make sure the numbers are--" Eve's response was interrupted with a comm response from the engineering team.

"Commander, apparently their warp was to avoid further damage from the spacestorm, they have some repairs that need done before we can proceed!"

Eve withheld a gasp, her limits were definitely being tested and the thoughts of further delay were having a negative effect on how much longer she had, her legs were so tight that the air may as well have been diamonds, she needed to go, and her adamancy waned, this was an emergency.

"Understood, prepare a bridge to board..." Eve turned off her comm and watched as people closer to the edge of the platform began to mobilize, she turned to Dirk, "Dirk, I'm going to need you to split the teams properly to make sure this goes off without a hitch since the sooner we're done with this, the safer since we're slowly approaching a not-so-optimal point--" She caught her breath and slightly buckled her knees before continuing, her pee slamming against her bladder's barricades ferociously, her voice slightly sped up, "Can you do that...?"

"Sure Commander, is everything well?"

"Y-yes, I'm just going to be right back," she replied, beginning to walk hastily to her initial destination.

"Be sure to be back as soon as possible, just to make sure!" Dirk called back, Eve took it to mind but didn't look back.

She could feel the contents between her legs jostle and shake, like she had ingested a water-balloon and it was close to popping all into her suit, she was doing everything she could to stop herself from bending over and rubbing her swollen bladder.

Eve rushed to the off-shoot hallway at the other edge of the platform that led to the bathrooms, as soon as the hallway hatch to the platform closed behind her she let all decency go and shoved her hands into her whining crotch, her knees buckled and she wobbled down the hall with pressed legs. Relief would come soon, she kept telling herself.

She turned the corner to the women's bathroom to find it refused to open, a small light indicator higher up on the door flashed, Eve grimaced as she pulled herself up from her needy position to see what the indicator said:

"Bathroom shut down for 3 more hours."

The sight of the time sent a shiver down her spine and Eve leaked again, the stream picked up steam as she quickly shrunk down to her hunched over state, her golden river definitely darkening the crotch of her suit, and dribbled a bit down her leg, before it stopped. Her suit was only partially absorptive though, as several drops pittered on the ground.

Eve let out a moan, her bladder quivered as she tried to stop the flow, and two more spurts came out, clearly and quickly the vacated space in her bladder filled again though, the diuretic from her other gulps quite clearly not done. Several more drips and eventually she managed to halt it again, her breath quickened as she attempted to regain her composure, she is a grown woman in charge of this station, she will not pee herself here. She continued to try and think herself out of this desperate situation, three hours will be nothing to her, she will get herself back together and get on board that Dreadnought.

Several more minutes passed as Eve managed to pull herself back up by sliding up the wall, she leaned against it, quietly panting, her legs were still tight together.

"Commander do you copy?" Dirk's voice went over comm. The sudden snap back to reality pulled Eve mildly out of her desperate rut.

"Yes Dirk?" She replied, trying to keep her responses short while she caught her breath.

"There are a few issues here and we need directives for how to approach them."

"Understood... On my way now." Eve responded, closing the commlink, she put one arm up against the wall and got herself going again, with no tablet to cover her crotch she just had to hope that no one would notice the mild dark spot between her legs and partially below her cheeks before it dried. The platform was mostly empty, one or two engineers stayed behind to ensure the link and bridge were maintained, Eve gently rubbed her bulge, anything to prevent the need to double-over again soon.

Eve made her way up the bridge, again the steps upwards pushed her pressure around left and right, but she kept calm, her quiet breath the only indicator that she was desperate. Inside the Dreadnought she heard voices and a static-like sound down the hall, Eve brought up her commlink and used it to locate the position of her crew, merely down the hall and to the right. She headed down that way, looking at the signs that indicated that was where the reservoir tanks were. She turned the corner and came to a stop as her eyes widened, her crew was there and several members from the Dreadnought itself, several leaks were pouring from the tanks, water splashing and soaking everything beneath the catwalk her and the crew were on.

"There you are Commander," Dirk said, "The crew was about to go down without you, the Dreadnought's crew patched the hull damage, but their supplies are low and we don't have the proper tools, what are your orders?"

Eve's peehole twinged and twitched, the sounds of spraying and tinkling water echoed around her, she held her hand out for her tablet back from Dirk. He handed to her and she twisted her body to face the tablet at an angle, in an attempt to both look in thought and to apply pressure to her weakened water-gates.

"Well... ah..." Eve started, but her body groaned, her sore bladder had not much patience left, "We could..." The pressure returned full force again, Eve twisted herself further and with her back to the crew stuffed her hand into her crotch, not very stealthily either.

"...Commander?" Dirk started.

A couple more spurts, Eve couldn't maintain a straight face as she bit her lip, "If we get some... Nnnh..."

Dirk said no more and watched his plan's fruits take over.

Eve moaned gently, "I-it's nothing," she said, as the dark spot between her legs grew, her knees buckled as her gates crashed open, the spurts turned into a full-force stream as Eve more audibly whined and moaned, "Nothing a-aah-t ahh...." Her suit dampened and spread her stream all over her legs, the drops joining the sprays of water down below. She couldn't stop it, it felt too good and it came on too fast, her bladder emptied in front of everyone, her face incredibly red from all forms of embarrassment.

Their project wasn't even over.

=~=~=~=~=~=~=

And that's the end of this short story! It was a longer ending, but I hope you enjoyed it, later this weekend I'm going to be moving over all of my work (and future work!) to the full fiction section on the website, so keep tuned for me there! As always a .doc is provided and commentary is appreciated!

Spatial Concerns 3.doc

