Desperate Jackal Problems is What's Up

Author: lexpads

*000*2012-11-22 23:35

This was something I wrote to go along with this picture (http://omorashi.org/topic/8273-a-years-worth-of-omo/page__st__20#entry429070

) and though short, I thought it was long enough to post in its own right. It is furry (don't blame you if you're not into that type of thing) and involves my own persona but I thought it would interest you guys. Gold star if you get the title reference.

###

Lexus sat in great discomfort by the window of the bus, both paws crushed shamelessly into his groin. His legs seemed to have a mind of their own, bobbing and fidgeting in any effort to stop himself from indiscreetly and, he was sure, rather grandly wetting himself. It had been a classic case of misjudgement, as these situations often were: returning from a friends house on the bus, having drunk far too many caffeinated beverages, and not realising both how full he was and how long it would take to get home on the late night bus route.

The only fortunate thing a bus at half twelve in the morning provided was a lack of people; there was one person in one of the free rows in front of Lexus, and as the bus groaned to a halt and he plunged his paws further and more desperately between his legs, the lone straggler alighted. This was little comfort to Lexus though, all in all - there was still another full twenty minutes before he'd be within reach of a bus stop near enough to home to walk at this time of the night, and he was beginning to feel unsure as to whether he would be able to last.

The minutes ground painfully away, and with every lurch of the bus Lexus felt his bursting bladder press more urgently against his groin. At a particularly sharp humpback bridge (inconsiderately so, when there were buses carrying such tender cargo) the sudden drop caught him off-guard, and Lexus clenched all of his muscles as hard as he could as an abashed squirt of the pee that had been longing to escape soaked into the front of his boxers.

The closer he got to his stop, the more shaky Lexus grew. The small damp patch pressing on his crotch felt far too prominent and his bladder was numbing, which at least lessened the gnawing desperate pain that was all he could think about, but he knew this meant his control would soon start to slip. Then, just as he was worried that life was about to get an awful lot warmer and wetter, the "Stopping" light lit up with a chime. Quivering, and screwing up every nerve he had to hold back the impending flood, Lexus staggered to his feet, paws still clutching his groin with every ounce of his strength.

He shuffled as quickly as he could down the aisle, but the extra stress of movement was almost overpowering. With every step Lexus took the warm, urgent trickle waiting just behind his abdomen wormed it way closer to the cool night air. Lexus groaned inwardly with a sense of dread; he knew what was about to happen, what golden fountain was about to come gushing from his groin - but the open door was right there, just a few steps in front of him, if he could only get to it -

It wasn't to be. As he took one more step Lexus' over-full bladder buckled from the strain and, with a mingled sense of both gut-wrenching shame and fantastical relief, he felt himself leak. The first hot, joyful trickle scribbled down the inside of his right leg, taunting him with the open bus door so close, and then a second spattered down his left. With these two little provocations Lexus couldn't hold onto himself any longer and warm pent-up urine, the product of too many late-night bottles of Coke and Irn Bru, began cascading out into his fated boxers.

Lexus froze, contorted, on the spot, wetting himself, unable to move or speak for embarassment. His secret burden splashed warmly onto his feet, flooding down the inside of his jeans and staining them noticeably even in the shroud of the night. The area around his groin dampened the quickest and then began dribbling, glittering rivers falling to the ground and pooling into pronounced puddles around his feet. His bladder surged and the stream poured out faster, with greater strength, turning his cringing legs into a waterfall of spiteful, unwelcome shame. A stranger walked past the bus stop outside, glancing in before hurriedly pressing onwards in embarassment.

All Lexus could do was stand frozen, wishing his bladder would finish its course, wishing he could somehow be swallowed up whole by the ground, while the pattering and soaking feeling of warmth continued from below. Only when the last of the dribbles had escaped into his saturated underwear did he feel it was safe to move, running with his head down from the accident site, avoiding having to make any contact with the bus driver. His sodden jeans began to cool in the night air, sticking uncomfortably to his fur. The first thing, he thought as he denied a couple of his own shameful tears purchase in his eyes, was to have a shower, and then stick his stained clothes in the wash, and everything would be fine. He just had to keep running homeward.

