Everybody Loves Raymond fanfic #2

Author: Brenman

*000*2022-10-01 15:26

(I will write for you too.)

Debra Barone never considered herself to be a bad girl. She’d always thought of herself as a dutiful mother and wife, never complaining about cleaning up the mess here, or folding the clothes and ironing Ray’s shirts at the same time over there, about packing the kids lunches on time every morning in a way that complimented the school’s desert of that day, which Debra was caring and meticulous enough to look into. She never missed a school play or little league game, always happy to cheer on the boys from the sidelines, before keeping the grin on her face all the way through preparing and cleaning up after dinner once back at home. Ray wrote and made a mess of the house on a fairly regular basis, while Debra dutifully cleaned up behind him and her boys with the comportment of a seasoned waiter at a fine dining restaurant, never too in the way when she wasn’t wanted or needed, arriving just in time to tend to her boys’ whims and desires faster than they could say the word, “ice cream”.

And so, as a dutiful mother of eleven years now, as well as a wife of thirteen, Debra didn’t so much mind, or really even notice her own decision to hire a baby sitter. Lisa was fantastic with the boys after all, and the chance for Debra to unwind, to light a scented candle, to take a nap in the afternoon every once and a while, the freedom to indulge in these long forgotten creature comforts and pleasures had cascaded down on Debra once again after slaving away as a non-stop wife-and-mother for more than a decade. Debra felt that she now had the chance to catch up on shirked sleep, and later, after feeling well rested, perhaps the chance to indulge in a pleasure as simple as stretching her legs with a good walk in her neighborhood. Debra woke up from an unplanned nap with the the plan to strap on her sexy mom shorts, and show off her legs to the neighborhood while getting some much needed exercise at the same time.

Debra pulled up her little shorts, green with yellow stripes on the sides and twirled in front of the mirror, admiring the way her red sports bra contained her large round breasts no matter how quickly she twirled, or lunged, or flexed, gazing at her reflection like Narcissus gazing into the pool. She was a sexy mom for sure, and now she finally had the time to relax and recognize it. Debra descended the staircase with a chipper step and a smile on her pretty face, her dark red hair tied behind her head in a pony tail.

It was only upon reaching the bottom step of the stairs that Debra realized that she’d somehow been quiet enough not to alert Lisa, who was lying asleep on the couch…. so Debra thought, at first anyway…

Debra’s hand immediately flung up to her mouth to keep herself quiet, as she didn’t want to wake the girl. Lisa the baby sitter had clearly gotten here early, and as it wasn’t yet time to pick up the twins from school, she’d taken to having a nap on the living room couch. At least, that was Debra’s first impression, but when she saw the young girl’s big frilly mane of curly hair tremble and shake slightly from behind, Debra began to think something else was afoot. Before she had a chance for second thoughts, she heard Lisa emit a quiet,

“Ohhhh” followed by the unmistakable sound of wetness, of moisture, of something being prodded and stimulated and twirled and massaged, yes, that’s right, Debra heard the unmistakable, and irresistibly arousing sound, of female masturbation, and it was coming from the little cunt of her teenaged baby-sitter Lisa, her legs splayed open on the living room sofa, masturbating quietly but furiously, in what she must have mistakenly assumed was an empty house. As Debra crept around the girl in silence bringing more and more of Lisa into her line of vision, she noticed that Lisa had taken enough care, at least, to lay out a few white plastic, sceneted, waste-basket liners, presumably to protect the couch beneath her writhing body, as well as the floor infront of the couch, from her female juices upon masturbation, it seemed. Ooooh a squirter, so fucking hot.

Debra thought to herself as she crept upon the masturbating girl quietly. She inched around slowly enough to catch Lisa’s facial expression, the young girls’ eyes squeezed shut tightly in anguish, in pleasure, in that infamous gulf between pain and joy that precedes the female orgasm, so close yet so far away… Debra looked down at Lisa’s hand going to work on herself. Lisa’s hand was twirling on her pussy in a circular motion that both turned Debra on rapidly and with voracious hunger and horniness, as well as reminding her of the spin cycle on her washing machine for a brief moment. The young girls body shook and shuddered and vibrated just like the washing machine as her hand unrelenting twirled and circled over her little pussy with loud, wetsounds and quiet moans and murmurs of pleasure.

“Hey!” Debra finally yelled, probably a little too loudly, but she too was nervous, and didn’t quite know how to proceed, she only knew she wanted to beat the girl’s orgasm, and force her to save it for later, for Debra to enjoy too….

Lisa sprang up in alarm.

“Oh my GOD! OH MY GODDD!!!! I’m so SORRY DEBRA!!!! I didn't know you were here! OH MY GODDD!!!” Lisa went fiercely red withembarrassment as her hands flung down to her crotch and held herself tightly.

“What are you doing here?!” Debra asked, looking down at Lisa’s feet stepping back and forth from foot to foot quickly on top of the white, scented wastebasket liners, the plastic material squeaking under her feet.

“I, it’s just, I - I didn’t know you were home, Debra! Im so sorry oh my god!” Lisa said, looking thoroughly humiliated, still holding her crotch tightly.

“Why are you holding yourself Lisa? Do you need to finish masturbating? Is that it?” Debra asked sternly.

“No! Yes! It- no, it’s just, I have to pee so badly, Debra.” Lisa whimpered like a little girl.

“You have to pee, even when you’re masturbating?” Debra asked, both confused and ridiculously turned on. Lisa couldn't stand still, clear desperate for a piss, but why was she in the living room masturbating then? Why not go pee and play with her little pussy in the bathroom at the same time? In private?

“It’s- it’s just so much better when you have to go, you know?” Lisa asked, looking over at Debra with searching eyes.

“I- What are you saying? That masturbation is more pleasurable when you really have to pee?” Debra asked, feigning ignorance in her tone of voice. Debra was more than well aware of this fact, having engaged in holding before masturbation or before sex on several occasions, but she enjoyed the power she derived from forcing Lisa to explain herself in the living room, this was Debra’s house after all.

“Yes! Yes it is, but please, I’m sorry, you’ll have to excuse me now, Debra.” Lisa said, before stepping rapidly away in the direction of the restroom.

“Stop Lisa! You get back here right now!” Debra yelled at the teenaged babysitter. Without hesitating, Lisa quickly and obediently walked right back over across the living room and stood before her master, Debra. “Why are my garbage liners all over this couch and this floor?” Debra asked sternly, motioning to the wastebasket liners.

“Incase, incase, when I cum that I start, well, peeing, you know? Sometimes I just start to pee when I cum after I’ve been holding it in for so long.” Lisa stammered, holding herself like a child before the domineering Debra. Debra held her hands on her hips firmly, giving both a look of confidence as well as fighting the urge to reach down and touch herself through her pants, so turned on was she by the frantic to pee Lisa, mortified at having been caught pleasuring herself on the family couch.

“Lisa I want you to know…” Debra said with a firm tone of voice as she leaned in close to the young girl, “that I find this both absolutely disgusting as well as absolutely…” leaning her lips next to Lisa’s ears, whispering, “mind-fuckingly fucking sexy, and you want mommy Debra to keep quiet about this, you’ll wait right here, and don’t you dare fucking move.” Debra said, before quickly running up the stairs, she returned just as quickly, now holding a pair of shorts in her hands that were somewhat similar to the ones she was wearing currently. “Put these on. Put these on now, no protesting.” Without asking any questions, Lisa removed the dress she’d come in and slipped on the shorts, wearing nothing but the shorts and a bra now. Debra couldn’t help but notice Lisa’s bushy pubic hair through the girls tiny little panties. Lisa could hardly stand still as she changed clothes and was clearly working hard to fight the urge to hold herself to keep from peeing.

“Debra. I really need to pee. Please can you tell me why I’m wearing these?” Lisa asked in a a strained, whimpering voice.

“We’re gonna have a holding contest, winner gets to pee on the other one, if I win I get to pee on you, if you win you pee on me, alright?” Debra said to Lisa. It was clearly a rhetorical question, Lisa being in no position to question Debra’s orders, which Debra then made overtly clear when she spoke up and said, “You do this and I’ll keep quiet about your little finger fuck session early on my family couch, dirty little bitch.” Lisa looked genuinely hurt by this comment, at which point Debra rubbed Lisa’s bladder with one hand, grabbed the back of her head with the other, and said, “relax, you just turn me on you little vixen, thats all.” Lisa nodded, but couldn’t help but step from foot to foot in her little shorts and bra. She again returned to holding herself, saying,

“Debra, I really need to pee. I dont even know how long I can wait, Debra. I had to go pretty bad when you walked in on me, like I told you it makes it better.” she said again, referring to her masturbating. “Please let me go to the bathroom Debra.” the girl pleaded.

Debra lay down on her back across the couch, tugging Lisa’s hand towards her.

“Come here.” Debra said. “Come up here on the couch, and squat over me, little girl. Come.” Debra said with affection and sensuality to her babysitter Lisa, looking so cute, so sexy, so desperate for a well earned piss, and if lucky, if Debra was feeling kind, maybe even a finger fuck orgasm afterwards….

Lisa did as she was told. She climbed up on the couch and over Debra, straddling her with bothlegs.

“Let it go.” Debra said. “It’s okay. Pee, Lisa.”

Lisa couldn't wait anymore anyway. Letting out a quick “Ohhhh”, her eyes widening quickly, her little pussy started peeing and peeing and peeing with profuse quantity and force through her little shorts, soaking Debra’s torso completely, her sports bra darkening in color with Lisa’s urine. Lisa’s pee spilled over Debra’s body, onto the couch beneath her, all over the surround floor too. The wastebasket liners were mostly wide enough to contain the golden nectar so far, but Lisa was far from done peeing.

Debra reached forward and pulled the girls little shorts and underwear to the side of her bushy little pussy, still gushing voraciously with urine like a faucet that just couldn't be turned off. With Debra holding aside her underwear, Lisa took this as an opportunity to reach down and finger her naked pussy now, again bringing herself into that mind bending state of arousal that came for her, with peeing. Lisa started to fuck herself and Debra did the same thing with her own fingers beneath her.

Debra knew what she was going to do next, however, and the timing had to be perfect. Just as Lisa was nearing orgasm, Debra lifted the girls body weight with all her strength and flung her back to the other end of the couch as Debra quickly positioned herself over the young girl, pulled her own shorts to the side and let loose her own TORRENT of pee, drenching the girl and the rest of the couch completely, Debra’s fiercely pissing pussy splaying Lisa’s face with the ricochet of her stream as she pissed and pissed with force all over her teenaged babysitters body.

Without any further ado, Debra reached down and began to finger Lisa for her, while Lisa used whatever slim margin of focus she could muster in her lust-soaked brain to try to return the favor for Debra, trying to finger Debra back. Lisa just couldn’t think straight, but she certainly wanted to give Debra some satisfaction, especially how hot the circumstances had turned out to be, in spite of her nearly losing her job for fucking herself in the family living room. She was almost over the edge or orgasm, but cresting the wave, she mustered enough strength to pull back just barely in time to utter the words,

“Wait, try this.” as with her free hand, she reached out and and fished inside her large purse for a moment. Quickly her hand brought out something Debra had only seen on the internet, never in real life, it was a strap-on dildo.

“What? Why do you have this, Lisa?” Debra asked.

“My- my friend and I are curious.” was all Lisa could say. Needing no further coercion, Debra strapped the dildo onto herself with enough ease to convince any onlookers that she must have been a pro with the device, in spite of the fact of this being her first time using one. Quickly she lunged forward over Lisa lying on her back on the couch still, and plunged the end of the long rubbery penis into Lisa’s little twat. Almost immediately, Lisa’s eyes lit up with pleasure. “Ohhhhhh Oh Debraaaaaaaa” was all she could get out, as with a manly, masculine sex rhythm, Debra began to thrust in and out of the young girl.

It was a bizarre sensation, Debra certainly felt that she was getting pleasure doing this, but looking down, realized that it must just be an illusion, as she was met with the obvious reality that this appendage wasn't a bodily appendage, and she couldn't actuallyfeel anything from the tip of the rubber penis. Still, maybe it had something to do with the power dynamic at play. Debra got extremely turned on as she fucked little Lisa with the strap on feeling the young girls body vibrate with pleasure as the girl moaned and groaned loudly on the couch. 

Debra found that she couldn't stop the humping motion, that no wonder guys liked “doing the work” so much, this was great, she had Lisa’s body entirely under her control as she fucked the girl missionary style, from above. Then, Debra got other ideas. Debra had gone too many years getting pounded from behind by Ray, doggy style, while Ray got to indulge in his favorite kink of all, sticking his thumb is Debra’s asshole while he fucked her in doggy. Debra decided, at this moment fucking her babysitter on the living room couch, that she wanted to see what all the thumb-in-the-asshole-during-doggy craze was all about.

“Flip over!” Debra yelled at Lisa. Lisa quickly did as she told, not daring to question Debra. Debra did as she pleased. She assumed the position behind Lisa, sticking her thumb in Lisa’s asshole while sticking the tip of the strap on in her pussy. She pounded and pounded and fucked and fucked Lisa in doggy style, the young girl finally getting the orgasm she needed, yelling, “OHHHHHHHHH OHH FUCK YESSSSSS!!!!!” as she soaked the already wet couch with her orgasmic female fluids. Debra kept fucking her from behind with the strap on as Lisa came and came and came, her whole body shuddering, her tight little asshole squeezing Debra’s thumb with the pressure of the orgasm.

When Lisa finally caught her breath, she turned round and started to play with Debra’s pussy under the strap on. Debra quickly removed the device and began to finger herself as she stared into Lisa’s eyes directly before her. Debra grabbed Lisa tightly by the hair saying simply, “Lisa. Lisaaaaaa.” as she rocked her own milky body to an EARTHQUAKE orgasm, screaming with the joy and pleasure and pain of it all. It was several long minutes later before Debra came to her senses. She caressed Lisa’s body beside hers as they sat together on the couch. Lisa was looking around at their wet sloppy mess self consciously.

“Should I clean up, Debra? I really am sorry about all this.” Lisa said.

“Nonsense. This was the greatest afternoon I’ve had in a long time. The strap-on? Wow, who knew what fun. I’m glad you and your friend were so curious.” Debra said. Lisa stood from the couch looking around. Debra gave Lisa a nice smack on the ass when she stood up.

“Go pick up the boys, take some extra money from my purse in the kitchen for some ice cream. I’ll clean up around here. Lisa, you don’t ever have to even acknowledge that this happened okay?” Debra said to the girl. Lisa just smiled back saying,

“Well Im really hoping we can do it again sometime. Maybe next time I get to wear the strap-on?” Debra smiled back at Lisa before standing up and kissing the girl once more…

THE END

