The Spirit of Christmas

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2015-12-13 04:11

Happy holidays! I came up with a vaguely Christmas-related story; it is cheesy and corny and all other means of food-related adjectives :) Enjoy!

###

Grayson flinched at the loud knock on his bedroom door.

“Get up!” Colonel Martin Buford, Grayson’s maternal grandfather, shouted through the door. “It’s almost time to go to church!”

Without hesitating, Grayson leapt from his bed to get dressed. He knew by now that the Colonel didn’t tolerate dawdling. Grayson squirmed a bit as he pulled on his lone, black suit. He had to pee. Maybe, if he got dressed quickly enough, he’d have time to use the bathroom before they left for the Christmas Eve late-night service.

It had been nearly 10 months since Grayson, now 16, had moved in with his grandparents, Martin and Regina. Grayson hadn’t been overly familiar with the Bufords, but his father wasn’t in the picture, so after his mother died, her parents became Grayson’s legal guardians.

Grayson swallowed hard as he thought about his mom. Katrina Buford had raised Grayson on her own for his entire life. Her parents didn’t approve of their youngest daughter’s “lifestyle choices” (that is, getting pregnant out of wedlock) and, therefore, didn’t make much of an effort to be part of their youngest grandson’s life.

Such seclusion from her parents didn’t seem to bother Katrina too much. She had a good job and good friends, and Grayson had been an easy baby who grew into a sweet, joyful young man. But just after Grayson’s 14th birthday, Katrina found a lump in her breast. She fought the disease for over a year and a half before slipping away on a cold March afternoon, holding Grayson’s hand.

Grayson had been devastated, of course, but Katrina had worked hard to prepare him for life without her, and he was determined to make her proud. With his naturally cheerful and friendly disposition, he was sure he could work out living with his grandparents.

It didn’t take long for Grayson to realize that cheer and friendliness were not valued traits in the Buford household. Martin, who insisted on being addressed as “Sir” or “Colonel,” had no patience for any kind of glee or revelry. He ran his household with ingrained, militaristic precision. Lateness, excessive noise, and any form of untidiness were not tolerated. The introduction of a teenage boy into Martin’s carefully controlled life was a wildly unwelcome intrusion. While Regina had learned long ago how to seamlessly adhere to the Colonel’s expectations, Grayson had no such lessons.

Grayson had spent a few weeks trying to be helpful and pleasant, but the Colonel repeatedly rebuffed Grayson’s attempts at building a relationship. Soon enough, Grayson figured out that it was best to just remain unseen, and he started keeping to his room as much as possible.

Now, dressed in the same suit he’d worn to his mother’s funeral (the Colonel insisted on their best clothes for Christmas services), Grayson opened the bedroom door and went downstairs. He could feel pangs coming from his bladder, and he prepared to ask the Colonel for permission to use the bathroom before they left.

Martin and Regina were waiting at the foot of the stairs. The Colonel was, naturally, wearing his old yet immaculately-kept dress uniform. “You forget how to fasten buttons, boy?” Martin grumbled.

Grayson flushed and looked down at his suit jacket. “No, sir.”

“Then I don’t know what took you so damn long,” the Colonel huffed. “Get in the car.”

Flinching, Grayson hung his head and trudged behind his grandfather. He wasn’t sure why they had to leave two hours before the service started, but he knew better than to argue.

Grayson squirmed in the backseat of the car, trying not to make too much noise. Despite all his attempts to be functionally invisible over the past months, the Colonel had only grown angrier. It was as if Grayson’s mere existence infuriated him, and the initial grunt and orders had morphed into screams, belittlement, and the occasional smack.

When they reached the church door, Grayson cleared his throat. “Sir?” he asked anxiously. “May I…may I use the restroom, please?”

The Colonel’s eyes darkened. “We are in church, young man,” he declared darkly. “This is a place of prayer. You will join us in the pew, and you will pray. I suggest asking the Lord for forgiveness and asking Him for strength to grow into a true man of God.”

Grayson could do nothing but nod. “Yes, sir,” he replied softly. The Colonel turned on his heel, and Grayson gloomily followed him to a pew near the altar.

Grabbing Grayson’s arm, Martin steered the boy into the pew between himself and Regina, leaving no room for escape. Grayson bit his lip as he sat, clenching his thigh muscles slightly. The Colonel and Regina both bowed their heads in prayer. Grayson followed his example, but his only prayer was that he could make it the 3 hours until the end of the service without wetting himself.

Over the next 2 hours, Grayson’s bladder slowly filled, and so did the church. The extended Buford family – Grayson’s aunts, uncles, and older cousins – filled the rest of the pew to his left.

Though the Colonel didn’t exactly encourage familial closeness, he had long insisted on family attendance at church services. Most of his 4 older children and their children led their own lives, barely interacting with the Colonel, but they still showed up for late-night service on Christmas Eve.

At the very end of the first pew sat Carl, Grayson’s oldest cousin, and his wife Tiffany. Despite his grandfather’s humorless example, Carl had attended West Point and entered the Army, eventually attaining the rank of Major General. He and Tiffany had no children of their own, but it still tugged at Carl’s heart to see Grayson shifting uncomfortably in the pew, sandwiched closely between Martin and Regina.

Grayson really was trying not to squirm. Out of everything he did wrong (and it really seem like everything he did was wrong to the Colonel), public display of desperation had to be the worst. For some reason, any seemingly improper bathroom habits enraged Martin. A week after moving into the Buford’s well-kept home, Grayson had had a nightmare about his mother and ended up wetting the bed.

Grayson shuddered at the memory, made all the more potent by the volume of urine currently straining his bladder. He had apologized, of course, and was already cleaning the mess himself, but the Colonel had been livid. It was the first time Martin had truly scream at Grayson, calling him every variation of weak and useless under the sun. Grayson had been crushed. He’d secretly hoped for – needed, really – someone to comfort him and tell him it was OK. Instead, the Colonel had shouted until his face turned purple, telling Grayson in no uncertain terms just how repulsive he found the boy.

After that morning, the Colonel imposed strict bathroom rules. Though Grayson tried his best to control his bladder, making the most of the comparatively free restroom access at school, the rigid rules and schedule caused a few more accidents, both at night and during the day, each one leading to greater wrath from the Colonel.

Now, sitting on the old, wooden pew, Grayson wanted nothing more than to avoid such a scene. He didn’t even want to think about irate the Colonel would be if Grayson lost control in church.

After two long hours, the lights dimmed and the service began. Grayson could barely pay attention; his bladder ached, and it took all his focus to keep from holding himself openly. Though the Colonel gave every appearance of paying complete attention to the minister, he was keeping a close eye on his fidgeting grandson.

Grayson’s eyes watered with effort as the service went on. Beads of sweat crept down his back, but he was determined to hold on. The minutes seemed like hours; he could feel small leaks seeping into his underwear, almost by osmosis through his desperately clenched thighs.

Forty-five minutes into the service, the ushers handed out thin, white candles. The lights went out completely, and congregants gradually passed the flame along, slowly lighting each person’s candle.

Grayson’s hand shook as he accepted the light from the Colonel, then turned to pass it to Regina. He could feel his bladder on the very brink of exploding.

At the minister’s gesture, the congregation rose to their feet. Grayson inhaled sharply; he was certain he couldn’t withstand a change in position. From his own standing position, the Colonel poked Grayson sharply, glaring daggers, signaling his irrefutable order to the young man.

Grayson bit his lower lip hard, trying unsuccessfully to stop it from trembling. The candle was flickering wildly in his hand. He clenched his thigh muscles painfully as he slowly rose to his feet, but it wasn’t enough. The combination of gravity and uncrossed legs was too much for his taxed bladder, and Grayson started to leak copiously.

Tears filled his downcast eyes. He tried to squeeze his legs together, but he couldn’t stop a trickle from making its way down his leg.

The Colonel stared daggers, the muscles in his jaw rippling with rage. Grayson tried with all his might to stay still and stand up straight, but the tiny stream of urine started to pool on the hard floor.

The dancing points of candlelight reflected off the liquid. Eyes blazing, the Colonel snatched Grayson by the arm. With a speed and ferocity that belied his age, he dragged the shaking teen down the aisle of the church and out to the lobby.

As soon as the doors closed behind them, Martin threw Grayson sideways. The young man stumbled, but kept his feet.

“What the hell are you thinking, boy?” Martin hissed.

Grayson tried to stand at attention, but couldn’t find his voice to answer. He’d managed to stop the flow of piss, but he knew it wasn’t for long.

The Colonel took a menacing step toward the shivering boy. “I said,” he grumbled. “What the hell are you thinking?”

Grayson opened his mouth to attempt an answer, but was stopped by the back of the Colonel’s hand flying across his face with a resounding crack.

Gasping audibly, Grayson’s head was whipped aside with the force of the smack. Before he had time to recover, the Colonel grabbed him by the lapels and pulled him in close.

“You think you can embarrass me in front of my church community?” Martin’s voice was all the more terrifying for its lack of volume. “You think you can besmirch the house of the Lord?”

“N-no, sir…” Grayson whispered, but Martin wasn’t looking for an answer.

“You pissed yourself like a damned infant!” Martin growled, spraying Grayson with saliva. “I’ve had it with you and your insubordinate delinquency!”

With a grumble, the Colonel shoved Grayson violently against the wall. The impact momentarily stunned Grayson, who lost another leak down his leg. Martin didn’t notice, though; he had drawn back his hand, preparing to strike his grandson yet again. Grayson’s eyes widened in fear, but he didn’t move.

Suddenly, a large hand wrapped firmly around the Colonel’s wrist. “That’s enough, Martin,” Carl’s voice was gravelly and firm. He kept a tight grip on his grandfather’s arm as he locked stares with the old man.

“What do you think you’re doing?” Martin snarled. “This isn’t your business.”

Carl stared back, radiating quiet rage. “You will not lay another hand on that boy.”

“I am his legal guardian,” Martin snapped.

“You are guilty of child abuse,” Carl seethed in response. “He’s not yours anymore.”

Still shaking with fear and the effort of holding, Grayson gazed in awe at the stare-down between his grandfather and his cousin.

“What are you going to do about it?” The Colonel was saying, his wrist still locked in Carl’s grip. “You can’t take him. I’ll stop you.”

The barest of smiles flitted across Carl’s face. “You won’t, Colonel. I’m willing to fight for this kid, and you know you can’t physically beat me. And we both know that your claim won’t hold up in court against evidence of abuse. And," he added, a bit brutally, "I outrank you."

Martin glared fiercely and grunted in reply.

“Go back inside, old man,” Carl growled, finally releasing his hold on Martin’s arm. “We’re done here.”

With one final harrumph, the Colonel turned on his heel and strode back through the lobby doors.

Carl sighed in relief and turned back to his cousin. Grayson was still pressed against the wall, quivering. “Grayson?” Carl began gently. “Are you OK? Did he hurt you?”

“No,” Grayson whispered, not meeting Carl’s eyes. The Colonel wouldn’t let him use the restroom, but maybe, just maybe, Carl would…

“P-please, sir,” Grayson stammered softly. “May I-“

“Oh, Grayson,” Carl interrupted sadly. “You don’t have to call me sir. I know I’m in uniform, but I’m not like…” Carl’s voice trailed off at the sound of a defeated whimper from Grayson. “Kid?”

It was too late. Grayson had held on too long, and the physical and emotional stress of the night was too much for him. Almost as soon as Carl started speaking, Grayson’s body gave out and he started wetting with abandon. Urine quickly soaked through his pants and fell to the ground, pooling on the tile floor with a soft yet humiliating patter.

“Carl? Sweetie?” Tiffany’s voice sounded through the lobby. After seeing the Colonel return to their pew alone, Tiffany had slipped out to find her husband. She saw Carl standing in front of Grayson, who was crying silently.

“Hey!” Tiffany breathed as she reached Carl’s side. “Grayson…” But she, too, trailed off as she recognized what was happening.

“Oh, honey,” Tiffany murmured, utterly heartbroken at the sight of the sniffling teenager having an accident in front of her.

Grayson wanted to sink through the wall and disappear. He was making a mess and breaking the rules, and after Carl had been so nice and stopped the Colonel from hitting him…

Warm liquid continued to soak down both legs of Grayson’s ill-fitting suit pants. It briefly occurred to him that he should try to stop the flow, but his body simply wouldn’t respond, so he just kept wetting onto the floor.

Tiffany clutched her husband’s hand, horrified at what she was seeing. Neither of them could imagine what terrors the Colonel had inflicted on the teen to lead to this point. The three stood in pained silence for over a minute until the faint trickling sound finally stopped.

His accident was finished, but tears kept pouring down Grayson’s face. “I’m sorry,” he whispered, still not quite able to move. “I didn’t want to…”

Carl and Tiffany exchanged a glance. “Grayson, honey,” Tiffany said gently. “Why don’t you go to the restroom and get cleaned up?”

“I…”Grayson’s voice squeaked. “I don’t have any clean clothes,” he continued miserably.

Tiffany drew in a long breath, thinking rapidly. “OK.” She turned to Carl. “Honey, can you go out to the car and get the blanket from the trunk? We don’t have any clothes for you to wear,” she explained to Grayson, “but we keep a big blanket in the trunk. You can wrap yourself in that.”

Both Carl and Grayson nodded. Carl pulled the keys from his pocket and headed out to the parking lot; Grayson didn’t move.

“Here, sweetie,” Tiffany lightly touched Grayson’s arm. “Why don’t you go to the bathroom, and you can clean up a bit while Carl gets the blanket? I’ll go back inside and grab our things from the pew.”

She started toward the lobby doors, but was stopped by a plaintive mewl from Grayson. Turning back around, she saw Grayson’s lip trembling. “Honey?”

For the first time, Grayson raised his eyes, looking pleadingly at Tiffany. In his gaze, Tiffany read all the confusion and fear of a young man who had lost all trust in adults, who had no one truly take care of him in far too long.

“OK!” she soothed, reaching for her young cousin. “I’m not going anywhere.” She placed her hand on Grayson’s shoulder, guiding him toward the restroom. “I’m right here,” she murmured as they walked. “I’ll stay with you.”

Grayson felt like he was crumbling from the inside. His eyes were filled with tears, but it was only with great effort that he kept from completely breaking down into devastated sobs. His head was in a fog; he knew Tiffany was talking, but her voice was little more than an unintelligible buzz.

They reached the family restroom, and Tiffany opened the door. “You take off your wet things and I’ll hand the blanket through the door when Carl gets back,” she instructed calmly.

Grayson nodded pathetically and closed the bathroom door behind him. Tiffany exhaled deeply, leaning against the wall.

After a minute, Carl returned with the giant, fleece blanket from their car, along with a plastic bag. “Is he in there?” Carl inclined his head toward the bathroom, a bit needlessly.

Tiffany nodded. “I was going to get our stuff from inside, but he didn’t seem to want me to leave him.” Taking the blanket from Carl, she knocked gently on the bathroom door. Grayson’s hand reached out to grab the fleece and bag.

The door shut again, and Tiffany drew her eyebrows together. “Carl, what happened to this kid?”

Carl shook his head slowly. “Before you came out, I stopped Martin from hitting him.”

Tiffany winced sympathetically.

“If he’s whaling on him in church, I can’t imagine what he does at home,” Carl continued sadly. He looked down at his wife beseechingly, but she was already on board.

“Of course he can come home with us,” Tiffany agreed before Carl could ask. “I know we can’t let him spend another minute with the Colonel.”

Carl let out a relieved sigh. “Thanks, baby.”

Nodding, Tiffany started planning the logistics. “He’ll sleep in the guest room, of course. You’re bigger than he is, but I’m sure we have enough sweats and t-shirts to tide him over until you can pick up his stuff from Martin and Regina’s.”

Carl leaned down and kissed his wife’s forehead. “You’re the best!”

At that moment, the bathroom door clicked open. Grayson slouched in the doorway, clutching the blanket around him with one hand and holding the plastic bag, now full of his soiled pants, in the other.

“Grayson?” Carl cleared his throat. Grayson flinched, and Carl’s heart broke. “Are you ready to go?”

Grayson’s shoulders slumped even more. He barely nodded and turned silently toward the doors leading back into the church. He couldn’t even imagine how the Colonel would react to him walking into church, pantsless, wrapped in a blanket, but Grayson didn’t know what a viable alternative would be.

“Oh, honey, no!” Tiffany cried, reaching out to him. Grayson stopped, bowing his head in apologetic reflex.

“You don’t have to go back inside,” Carl explained. “Not if you don’t want to. Tiff and I…you can come home with us.”

Grayson raised his eyes, blinking in confusion.

“We don’t…” Tiffany’s voice was thick with emotion. “We can’t send you back to Martin if we can help it. We have plenty of room at our place, and we’d love to have you.”

Lip trembling, Grayson tried to make sense of what they were saying. He didn’t have to go back with the Colonel? He wasn’t getting in trouble? He didn’t know how it would work, and surely Carl and Tiffany wouldn’t be willing to keep a teenager until he went to college, but…even for tonight…

“We want to make sure you’re safe,” Carl pleaded over Grayson’s silent contemplation. “I’m sorry I didn’t do anything until now, but we’ll make it up to you, I promise. Please, Grayson.”

The word “please” shattered whatever was left of Grayson’s battered self-control. With a muted, broken sob, he took a step forward and crumpled into Tiffany’s waiting arms, weeping with relief and exhaustion.

Tiffany held the shaking teen tightly, rubbing his back and whispering soothing words in his ear. Confident that the situation was under control, Carl quickly stole back into the church to grab his and Tiffany’s things.

Coats in hand, Carl and Tiffany walked Grayson out to the parking lot, supporting him from either side. Thoroughly drained, Grayson could barely keep his eyes open. He all but collapsed in the back seat of Carl’s car, clutching the blanket around his half-naked form.

Brushing a light dusting of snow off the windshield, Carl climbed in the driver’s seat. Tiffany squeezed his hand, reassuring him that they were making the right choice.

As Carl pulled out of the church parking lot, he heard the bells in the tower start to chime midnight.

It was Christmas Day.

*004*2015-12-14 02:57

{{: 

Great story! I really loved how you built the characters! Amazing piece of art!

And you won’t believe but I was at the precipice of writing a story on the theme of Christmas Eve service, with a 16 y/o boy as the protagonist. Tell me, have you acquired the power to read my mind?

Anyways, fantastic work! I hope we all get to read more of your stories!

}}

Lol! No mind reading. Just the season People write stories about wetting in costumes around Halloween, so it makes sense that wetting in a church service would be a theme around Christmas!

{{:

This is great!

}}

Thank you!

{{:

Ahh you're back! I'm so glad that you've written another story. This is both heartbreaking and beautiful — is this going to be a series?

}}

Thank you so much! I don't think I can bear making this one into a series. All I can think of are prequel stories, and that would just involve more abuse from the Colonel. I still have other ideas (a few female scenarios, oddly enough) that I'll probably get posted after New Years.

*008*2015-12-16 03:24

{{:

That was so good ^__^ Keep up the good work

}}

Thank you!

{{:

Aw, okay! I would have loved to see how Grayson recovers from the abuse but I love how you left the readers wondering! <3

}}

Hmmmm, now you've got me thinking...I have some ideas that will involve a bit of retcon. I can't make any promises that I'll be able to get the next chapter written over the holidays, but I'll definitely have some time after New Years.

{{:

Aww I loved this! You always write so beautifully, definitely a pleasure to read

}}

Thanks, Rebel! It really means a lot to know that people still enjoy my writing :)

*009*2016-01-09 22:11

Since Bazinga got me thinking, I couldn't stop revisiting this story. So really, it's all Bazinga's fault that this will now have multiple chapters. I know these circumstances contradict a few statements in the original story, so I hope you'll forgive a bit of discontinuity :) Happy New Year!

###

Christmas day was a quiet affair at Carl and Tiffany’s. Carl had called his father, the Colonel’s oldest son, to let him know what had happened and that they wouldn’t be joining the family for the day’s celebrations. He and Tiffany had agreed it was best to let Grayson relax as they all tried to figure out what steps needed to be taken.

Grayson remained mostly quiet. After the terrified adrenaline rush of the night before had ebbed, he’d fallen into an exhausted sleep. Now, in the cold light of day, Grayson was wary of this new situation. His mind was a tangled mix of emotions – gratitude toward Carl and Tiffany for saving him from the Colonel, shame over what they’d seen him do, hope that they would truly be able to end his months of horror, and fear that they wouldn’t.

Carl and Tiffany didn’t push. Carl knew enough of his grandfather’s “discipline” from hearing his own father’s stories, and Tiffany, who worked as a nurse in a juvenile psychiatric facility, had enough experience with traumatized teens, that both of them wanted to focus on making Grayson feel comfortable and safe before really diving into doing the work necessary to help him overcome the past 10 months.

That night, after a fairly untraditional Christmas dinner of grilled cheese and tomato soup, Carl carefully breeched the topic of logistics with Grayson.

“You don’t have to make any decisions right now,” Carl began, “but Tiff and I were serious when we said you could stay with us.”

Grayson’s gaze flickered up from its focus on his plate, showing the smallest flash of hope before returning downward. Carl took this as a sign to continue.

“Obviously, there’s a lot to think about. Taking you was one thing, but getting your stuff from Martin and Regina’s won’t be quite as easy. I have some friends on the police force, and we can probably get a court order pretty quickly, but…” Carl hesitated. “But you’ll probably have to make a statement.”

Grayson raised his eyes more slowly this time, trying to mask the sudden fear he felt with bland obedience. “A statement?”

Reaching her hand across the table, Tiffany chimed in. “Legally, honey, we want to make sure we’re on solid ground. If we want to get all your things from the Colonel’s house with minimal obstruction, we need a legal order that he has no right to you or your belongings anymore. And to get that,” she did her best to keep her voice calm and non-coercive, “the court needs a reason that you can’t be there anymore.”

Grayson’s heart was beating wildly, but he tried to keep his breathing slow and even. Showing fear was unacceptable.

“OK,” he said after a pause that felt a lot longer than it was. “What do I need to do?”

Carl’s chest heaved in relief with his cousin’s cooperation. “We’ll wait until Monday. Whatever judge we get might be more amenable if we don’t disturb him or her on the weekend after Christmas.”

Nodding, Grayson picked at the remaining half of his grilled cheese.

“Dad brought over some of Gary’s old clothes, so you’ll have stuff to wear until then.” Carl continued. Gary, Carl’s youngest brother, was much closer in size to Grayson than Carl was.

“And I’ll run to the store tomorrow to buy you some necessities,” Tiffany added, thankfully not saying “underwear” and acknowledging that Grayson had been going commando all day.

Pasting a small smile on his face, Grayson thanked them both, though his insides still writhed with discomfort and apprehension. He wanted to trust his cousins, he wanted to believe that everything was finally going to be OK, but the past few years of uncertainty, first with his mom’s cancer and then with the Colonels’ reign of terror, had wounded him too deeply for such an immediate turnaround.

The weekend itself was a blur. Tiffany showed Grayson how to work the TV and where the books were kept, so Grayson spent most of his days in the guest room, reading. He wanted to help, somehow – cleaning the house or doing dishes or something – but he wasn’t familiar enough with the house to trust himself not to be in the way. And being in the way was awful.

On Sunday night, Carl caught Grayson before he escaped back to the guest room after dinner.

“I talked to one of my buddies in the police station,” he told Grayson, “and we’re gonna go down and talk to them tomorrow morning. It shouldn’t take long. Once they have an official statement, he’ll contact Judge Reiner, who will give the order for the Colonel to release your things.”

Grayson’s stomach roiled, but he just nodded.

“You don’t have to come collect you things, obviously,” Carl reassured him. “I’ll handle that. All you have to do is talk to someone at the station.”

Grayson desperately wanted to look more excited, or at least more grateful for the effort that Carl was putting in for him, but it was all he could do to keep tears from building in his eyes. He nodded again, squeaking out a quick “yeah” to Carl, before turning away to head upstairs.

In the comparative safety of the guest room, Grayson slid to the floor, hugging his knees into his chest. What exactly would this “statement” do? Would it become public? Would he have to give all the details?

Grayson’s whole body quivered. Carl and Tiffany were being so kind; he didn’t want them to know just how much trouble he really was.

Weariness descended on Grayson like a parachute fluttering back to the ground after being aloft too long. He dully climbed into bed, sleep overtaking his anxiety in minutes.

###

“Grayson?” Tiffany shook the teen’s shoulders gently. “Honey, it’s time to get up.”

Inhaling deeply, Grayson dragged his mind from the unease confines of unconsciousness. Tiffany stood next to his bed, her hand still on his shoulder.

“Good morning,” she smiled, keeping her voice soft. “I would’ve let you sleep more, but Captain Mediano is expecting you and Carl at the station in about an hour.”

Grayson bobbed his head in acknowledgement of her words, but his mind was still slowly climbing into awareness. The unfamiliarity of being awoken by this young woman, combined with the awareness of what he had to do today, combined with the cool wetness around his legs…

Grayson froze. Oh God, no. Not today. Not here, not in this room, not in this house.

“Grayson?” The teen’s sudden tension startled Tiffany. “Honey, are you OK?”

Biting his lip to keep it from trembling, Grayson sat up slowly. His mind shifted to autopilot. He knew what to do in this situation. There was no hiding.

Robotically, Grayson peeled back the covers and stood up. Barely acknowledging Tiffany’s presence, he turned and started pulling the case off his pillow.

“Oh!” Tiffany gasped, seeing the darkness in Grayson’s sweatpants clinging to his legs. “Oh, sweetie, it’s-“

“Here,” Grayson cut her off, pushing the pillowcase into her hands.

“I – “ Tiffany grabbed at the pillowcase, confused. “Yes, of course, honey, I can do this while you-“

“Where do you keep the soap?” Grayson’s voice was entirely monotonous.

“The…” the boy’s lack of affect chilled Tiffany. “The laundry detergent, you mean?”

“The bars of soap,” Carl’s deep voice trembled with barely-concealed rage. Tiffany turned to see her husband standing in the doorway, his face lined with anger and sadness. “Is that right, Grayson?”

Grayson averted his eyes at the sight of this new witness. “Yes, sir.”

Tiffany turned her head back and forth, staring between her husband and his young cousin. She still didn’t understand what Grayson was asking for, though Carl certainly seemed to.

Carl slowly walked into the room, not wanting to scare Grayson. He took the pillowcase from the teen, slowly crumpling it in his large hands.

“Grayson?” he started quietly. Grayson flinched reflexively at the sound of his name. Nothing good ever came from hearing his name after he’d wet the bed.

Carl sighed deeply. “Kid, listen to me. No one in this house is ever going to do that to you, OK? Not for anything, and certainly not for having an accident. Do you understand?”

Grayson’s lip was shaking. He’d stopped biting it at some point. “Yes, sir.”

Carl wanted to hug the boy, or at least put a reassuring hand on his shoulder, but he knew that touch probably wasn’t the best move at this point. “You don’t have to call me ‘sir,’ kid. You’re not in trouble. Grayson?” he said a bit louder, trying to break through the teen’s cloud of fear and conditioning. “I promise, you’re not in trouble, not even a little bit. Just go take a shower. Tiff and I will clean up.”

Wordlessly, Grayson walked to the bathroom, leaving Carl and Tiffany in a tense vacuum of silence.

“Carl?” Tiffany finally asked. “What just happened?”

Carl grimaced and rubbed his temples. “Soap,” he grumbled. “It’s a horrible, old military thing. If a recruit did something wrong, his peers or his superiors would put bars of soap in a pillowcase and beat him with it.”

Tiffany’s eyes were wide as she stared at her husband. “So the Colonel…and Grayson…did you?”

Carl nodded in response to the first part of the stammer, then shook his head. “My CO wouldn’t put up with that shit, but it was more common in Martin’s time. It looks like he applied that particular bit of discipline to Grayson.”

Tiffany slumped against Carl, who put his arm around her. “Based on his reaction, I’m sure this isn’t the first time the kid wet his sheets,” Carl said dejectedly. Tiffany nodded in agreement. “This statement is going to be way worse than we thought.”

The hot shower went a long way in waking Grayson from his fearful haze, but his stomach was still in knots. Even if Carl and Tiffany wouldn’t punish him for peeing the bed, surely they were rethinking taking in such damaged goods.

Carl and Tiffany were no longer in his room, but Grayson dressed quickly. At the very least, he didn’t want to make them late for their appointment at the police station.

His cousins were waiting for him downstairs, looking serious and concerned. Grayson braced himself for the inevitable “We weren’t prepared for this” speech.

“Grayson,” Tiffany began, drawing on her nursing experience. “Honey, we’re so sorry.”

Well…that’s not exactly what he’d expected. Grayson raised his eyes, perplexed.

“We had no idea how bad things were for you with the Colonel,” Tiffany continued, her eyes glistening. “We would have – should have – taken you much sooner.”

Grayson blinked. He wasn’t quite sure he was following the conversation correctly.

“We knew Thursday night that we couldn’t let you stay with Martin,” Carl added. “But now, we know that you need a lot more than just a different place to live.”

There it is, thought Grayson. Now, they’re going to say they can’t provide me with what I “need.”

“So while you and I go down to the precinct,” Carl went on. “If you’re feeling OK with it, of course! Tiff will make some calls and get you an appointment with a therapist who specializes in child abuse.”

Next to Carl, Tiffany nodded ardently. “The doctors I work with are wonderful, but we want to make sure you have the best support possible,” she added.

Dazed, Grayson opened his mouth to speak. “A…a therapist?”

Tiffany smiled sadly. “Honey, we’d love to believe that everything will be just fine and that we can make everything better just by keeping you here. But now that we know – or know part of, anyway – what the Colonel did to you, we want to make make sure you have the proper tools to deal with that.”

“We can tell you it’s not your fault,” Carl interjected. “Because it’s not, it’s definitely not your fault, and I think you know that. But abuse, trauma like that…it gets inside a person. And we want to make sure you’re not carrying that around with you.”

“You’re…” Grayson mumbled, still trying to wrap his head around what they were saying. “You’re…keeping me here?”

“If you want us to,” Carl said with an earnestness that seemed incongruous coming from such a large, broad-shouldered man.

Looking up, Grayson gazed into the kind, anxious eyes of Carl and Tiffany. Maybe they really were willing to keep him. Maybe he was really safe this time. Maybe thing really would get better.

The corners of Grayson’s mouth turned up ever so slightly. “Yes, please.”

*019*2016-01-13 01:32

Thank you all so much!! The more time I spend on a story, the more it means to me, so I'm incredibly grateful for all your comments. I have 4 (I think) more chapters planned, and I should be able to get one chapter done per week :)

