Mew Mew Style, Mew Mew Grace, I Need To Pee And Theres No Time To Waste!

Author: Chloe

*000*2011-06-15 20:27

(Note: This is based on the english version of Tokyo Mew Mew so the names are different and such. Also some of my facts may not be right because I only started watching the show last week)

"Come on guys!" Zoey yelled as she looked at her watch and wiped down her last table in café mew mew.

"It's Kikki's circus performance in an hour! Renee will already be there with her!"

"Oooh, wait." Bridget moaned, running toward the bathrooms. "It'll take a while to get there and I need to go.."

"Ooh, yeah." Corina and Zoey yelped in unison and ran to the bathrooms with her.

"How about 'Ooh, no?" Elliot said, standing in front of the door to the female employee bathrooms. "Kikki's performance starts soon and she'll be so upset if her fellow mew mews can't make it. Besides, girls, your ages range from 13 to 15. You can surely hold on. You're not babies."

"But we need to go, Elliot!" Bridget protested. "You can't control that!"

"Maybe I can." Elliot laughed slyly. "Now girls, stop throwing a tantrum and get in my car. I have to drive you there unfortunately."

"Grr" Corina fumed as she walked away with Zoey and Bridget. "He thinks he can control every bit of us, he's wrong!"

"Yeah." Zoey mumbled.

They walked out of cafe mew mew, their legs slightly crossed and their hair ruffling in the wind. They climbed into Elliot's black Lamborghini one after the other. Elliot followed and climbed into the drivers seat.

"Drink this." Elliot said, handing Zoey a milkshake with three straws in it. "Just to keep you cool, it's so warm in here." Elliot said innocently.

The Mews didn't oblige and sucked the drink down thirstily, not hearing Elliot's sly giggle over the roar of the engine.

What they didn't know was that Elliot had laced the drink with diuretic, purposely to shame the girls.

"Oh.." Bridget mumbled, feeling her bladder filling quickly.

Zoey handed the empty glass back to Elliot and squealed, putting her hands between her legs.

Corina tried her best not to put her hands between her legs but her bladder was filling fast but still not enough to wet herself.

"What was in that drink?" Zoey moaned as she shifted position and managed to stop the pressure. "And why do I need to pee twice as bad?"

"You're not alone." Mumbled Corina and Bridget.

"Aw!" Mocked Elliot. "Does little kitty need to use her litter box?" Elliot cooed and teased.

"Shut up Elliot" Zoey said through gritted teeth.

Corina was feeling the pressure now as her bladder filled higher. She clenched her legs as tight as possible around eachother, desperate not to show the girls her weak side.

Bridget was feeling the worst, her bladder got full to the top quite quickly, just about not spilling and thudding in agony as if it was going to burst any second while a dull ache was forming down below. On the outside she seemed strong if not a little shaken like the other girls but on the inside she was screaming and begging for relief, her whole body hot.

As if this day could get any worse for the three girls it began to rain heavily and spat down on the roof of the car in a menacing way and they all moaned at the noise, ignoring Elliot's mocking.

Zoey had both hands in between her legs and felt like she wanted to shove her head there too. It didn't help as her uniform clung to her bladder squeezing it tightly like a water balloon.

Her bladder too had began to hurt due to not going to the bathroom for the whole day. It hissed and spat at her as if telling her off for not fighting Elliot out of the way there and then. She let out an incoherent moan as she curled up once again.

Corina was the only one keeping her calm as her bladder was only half full. She also curled up in an attempt to block out the noise of the teasing rain and closed her eyes to practice keeping calm, like she always did when she was about to do ballet.

"What do we do, Zoey?" Asked Bridget helplessly. "I swear, I'm not going to make it either way and I need to have some sort of relief, fast...

"Elliot.." Moaned Zoey as a wave of pain coarsed over her bladder. "Please stop the car.. I need to go.."

"Psh, weakling." Elliot narrowed his eyes. "There's no bathroom here, Zoey, you're waiting, sor-ree!" He sing songed to her.

"Fine then." Zoey moaned, sitting up and folding her arms.

"What do we do, Zoey?" Bridget was trying not to sob.

"Shh, I'm thinking." Zoey said.

Just then they went over a speed bump. It came as a shock for all the girls and Corina shot up.

Zoey and Bridget gasped as a little trickle of urine escaped from their bladders and into their white cotton knickers.

Corina moaned. "Ooooh I really need to go now.." Her bladder was bulging and a long shot of hot urine streamed into her own panties while Corina let out a small and slightly relieved gasp as her bulging bladder's pressure decreased a bit but also left a small marble sized wet patch on her navy pinafore.

"Thats it." Zoey hissed. "He is being such a brat today. We'll pay him back guys."

"How" Both girls asked back, desperate for relief now, sweat drops beading up on their foreheads.

"We let go." Zoey said. "Theres no other way."

"Okay...." Both girls were a little embarrassed but just wanted to feel okay.

"Wait!" Said a little whispering voice.

"What is it, Mini Mew?" Asked Zoey, sighing as her bladder screamed in protest for making it wait.

"Need to go too Zoey! Need to go too!" Said Mini Mew.

"Okay..?" Said Zoey quietly, puzzled. "You go too.."

"I can't hold on!" Corina and Bridget said quietly as their poor bladders gave way, and a hissing sound was heard, but only a quiet one. Hot urine streamed out of their bladders and through their panties until dripping onto their thighs and into their socks and shoes. It was neverending but Bridget and Corina were sighing in relief as their bladders ran like a tap.

Zoey still hadn't let go but seeing the golden liquid drip in a puddle around her friends made her want to let go too. Her bladder gave one, heavy thud and soon enough her poor bladder couldn't take it. It gave another thud in protest, then another, heavier one and finally it let go. Zoey sighed quietly in relief as the hot, golden liquid ran out of her, her bladder already feeling better as it's pressure decreased rapidly and collected on the car floor, dripping into her socks and shoes while making a large puddle on the front of her dress.

Once she had stopped there was still a sighing sound going on.

All the girls looked toward Mini Mew who was now feeling content as he sat in his own tiny yellow puddle, eyes closed.

"You're here, girls" Elliot said.

They quickly got out of the car, dripping and slammed the door.

Elliot drove away without realizing the girls had just gone to the bathroom in his car.

"We need to find some new clothes before the show.." Zoey moaned as the cold air whipped her wet dress onto her drying legs.

"We've got fifteen minutes." Corina said.

"Shame we can't go Mew Mew.." Bridget moaned.

"Yeah.." Zoey sighed, rubbing the back of her head.

"Come on, lets go.." Corina said. "Everyone is staring.."

Chapter Two soon!

*002*2011-06-17 19:37

Chapter Two

As the girls ran off with their hands in between their legs to stop the wet patches being see-able everyone was staring, concerned and kind of disturbed. Corina and Bridget walked into the theatre and stood in a corner as Zoey quietly gave them directions.

"Corina, you've performed many a time in theatres, you'll need to show us where the stage clothes are. We'll have to change into them in the changing rooms and we'll have to hide our wet pinafores and panties in a bag that we'll have to grab along the way. Its a shame we can't go Mew Mew but everyone will see so we'll have no choice. Oh, and Bridget? Grab me some tape, glue, candles, matches and a feather too."

"What for?" Bridget asked, blinking behind her glasses.

"Just another little plan I'm working on.." Zoey giggled and narrowed her eyes, looking evil.

The two other Mews walked behind Corina and tried to memorise the many corridors she was running down. Then she came to a stop in front of a dusty door, blew against it so the dust floated up like a cloud and then pushed the door open.

Inside it was dimly lit and was very packed in but had many pretty outfits. Zoey immediately grabbed a short knee length light pink dress, panties and a bag and ran into the changing rooms.

Corina smiled broadly and picked up a small feathery white cotton dress that came just above the knee and came outwards like a flower, and light blue girl-boxers. She walked into the next changing room holding a bag.

Bridget flicked through each section of clothes until she found a cute maid's costume which was the only thing to her taste. She also grabbed some white frilly cotton panties and ran into the changing rooms just as Zoey came out and checked herself out in the mirror.

"Looking good Zoey!" Corina commented as she too came out of the changing rooms.

Zoey's jaw dropped open. "How quick do you change?! And hey you look pretty good too Corina!" Zoey smiled as her eyes sparkled.

Bridget was the last one to come out in her cute maid's costume. She pulled something out of her pocket and handed it to Zoey. It was the feather, matches, candle, glue and tape.

"Thanks Bridge, you star! Where did you get them?"

Bridget tapped the side of her nose, grinning.

The three girls walked out into the corridors. Corina took over and took them to the stage where they took their seats in the middle row to wait for the performance to start. There was only a few minutes left.

"So what's the big plan Zoey?" Bridget asked.

"I'll tell you later!" Zoey grinned as Renee joined them. "Hey Renee!"

"Hey Zoey!" Renee said as she took a seat next to Corina. "What's this big plan of yours?" She asked.

The three girls groaned as they thought of the torture Elliot put them through. Even Mini Mew, who none of the girls realized was there, groaned equally as horribly as if he too had been through the girls pain. Who knows, perhaps he had..

"We'll tell you and Kikki later, on the way home." Zoey said. Then she turned to face the stage as Kikki's performance started.

(After the performance (I'm no good with them..) )

"Kikki, that rocked!" Zoey yelled happily as she caught the youngest of the mews in an embrace.

Kikki giggled. "Thank you, Zoey!" Then Kikki turned around to face Corina. "Did I perform well? You perform a lot, am I getting good at performing like you?"

"Yeah, you are." Corina giggled, lifting an eyebrow.

"Why are you in different clothes?" Kikki realized.

Zoey groaned again. "Tell you as we go home. Come on." Zoey stood up with the other mews.

"I'll drive, save you walking." Renee said kindly.

"Thanks Renee!" The other mews chorused happily as Corina walked them out to the cold air and they clambered into Renee's car.

"So what happened, guys?" Renee said as she started the engine.

"Ugh." Zoey cried. "We were about to leave Cafe Mew Mew when we realized we needed to go to the bathroom. So we go over there and Elliot is standing in the way of the bathrooms and orders us into the car. So then he gives us all this funny tasting milkshake when we were in the car which we drink but as we finish drinking it we need to go to the bathroom really really bad! But he refuses to get us out of the car for a break somewhere until we.... wet ourselves. To get him back and because we couldn't hold on. Even poor Mini Mew needed to go really badly!

"Man, he's mean.." Renee whispered as she turned to look at the girls as they stopped at a red light.

"Yeah. But girls, I'm going to get him back even more."

"How?!" Chorused Bridget and Corina excitedly.

"Simple. First, we wait until he goes up the the bathroom doors and pounce, and drag him back to that little closet door. We put him in there, tie him to the wall and.. MWAHAHAHA.. sorry.." Zoey grinned, her eyes wide at the beautiful thought of Elliot getting a taste of his own medicine.

"Oh, and this has to happen after work hours tomorrow. He'll go to the bathroom to.. well you know. THEN we pounce!"

