Golden State

Author: Justin20

*000*2023-08-21 00:17

My first fic! I'm planning on turning this into an episodic series with an ensemble cast; since chapters won't necessarily be written in the order of the events depicted within, I'll include an in-story date for when the chapter takes place. Enjoy!

A/N: This was inspired by a trip I took on Amtrak's Capitol Corridor a few months ago, and I made an effort to work in a mention of every station between Sacramento and Oakland (except for Emeryville, since I didn't want to interrupt the story at that point). Fellow railfans, enjoy.

Chapter 1: The Trouble with Trains

July 2023

Northern California shouldn’t be this hot, Marco Vigil had decided. It was well above a hundred degrees in Sacramento, a simple fact that he nevertheless couldn’t wrap his head around. He would have expected weather like this in Phoenix, or in Austin, or in Atlanta, but not in Sacramento. Marco was eager to get out of Sacramento and away from the terrible heat, but that wouldn’t happen if he missed his train, an outcome that was looking more and more probable as he rushed to get to the platform before the departure time.

Marco had gone to Sacramento to visit a friend who’d moved back home for the summer. He’d lingered in the air-conditioned oasis of his living room, with the result that he was now racing through Sacramento Valley Station in a desperate attempt to make the southbound Capitol Corridor train before it pulled away from the platform. In his mad dash through the station, as he struggled to hoist his backpack over his shoulder while holding on to his phone and mostly-empty water bottle, it hadn’t even occurred to him that he’d sprinted right past the restrooms.

Now he was running flat out, and he must have been quite a sight: All 5’6” of his frame was leaning into his stride, and his unkempt black hair bounced with each footfall. His eyes were narrowed and his jaw was clenched with determination as he rounded the last corner to the platform.

There was the train! With one last frantic burst, he leapt into the closest car and gasped for breath. The air conditioning was so refreshing that for a moment he felt weak in the knees, but he collected himself and gulped down the rest of the water. Still panting from his mad dash, he refilled his water bottle before making his way upstairs and claiming a window seat just as the train pulled out of the station.

“Welcome aboard southbound Capitol Corridor train #273, with southbound service terminating at Jack London Square in Oakland. Please have your tickets ready…”

Marco put in his earbuds and relaxed, eagerly taking a few more swigs from his water bottle as he thought of the immense heat outside. It would be nearly two hours before the train got to Oakland, and then for Marco it would be longer still before he got to his destination. That’s because Marco was a student at Rockridge University in Oakland, and at this time of day the bus back to campus would probably be caught up in traffic. Marco didn’t mind; he was content to sit right there in the train, enjoying the air conditioning and rehydrating himself after a scorching hot weekend.

In fact, come to think of it, his bottle was almost empty again. Time for a refill, he thought.

…

After the train stopped in Davis, Marco went to the café car and bought a soda, since the water still hadn’t quenched his thirst. After the train stopped in Fairfield, Marco refilled his water bottle yet again. And when the train stopped in Suisun City, Marco realized that he had to pee.

Well, no matter. Marco may have been shy, but he definitely wasn’t going to wait until Oakland to relieve himself – he knew he wouldn’t be able to wait that long. The only question was what to do with his bag: Take it with him into the bathroom, or leave it on the seat? After a moment of thought, he decided to leave it. The bathroom would probably be cramped, and there were plenty of people on the coach who would notice if a would-be thief tried to make off with some dirty clothes and a toothbrush.

And besides, Marco thought to himself with a smirk, what kind of idiot would steal something in between station stops? He’d be trapped on the train, and then I’d just have to track the thief down… ‘Mystery on the Capitol Corridor.’ That sounds like a good short story!

By this point, he’d got to the bottom floor of the car and made his way to the bathroom. He opened the door and peered inside. He’d never been inside a train’s lavatory before, but it reminded him of the one on an airplane. It was a bit larger, and furnished with stainless steel instead of plastic, but it was still familiar.

There was only one major difference that Marco discovered: He closed the door behind him, moved to lock it, and ended up gesturing ineffectively at the handle. How does it lock? The door’s handle clicked into place, but there was no obvious way to lock it. Marco prodded at a small knob next to the handle, thinking that it might be the lock, but even after twisting it, pulling it, and sliding it, he could tell the door was still unlocked.

I’m an engineer. I can figure this out. The experience reminded him of trying to turn on the shower in an unfamiliar hotel room; it seemed that there was always a different sequence of levers to control water temperature, actuate the drain, and turn on the shower head. The only difference was that Marco’s current situation was a bit more stressful than trying to turn on a shower, a fact that was reflected in his tense stance as he became more and more aware of the contents of his bladder.

Nervously, Marco moved away from the door and faced the toilet. Glancing over his shoulder, he unbuttoned his shorts and moved down the zipper. Best to get this over with quickly before somebody comes in. Then, as he unzipped his pants, Marco’s mind was suddenly seized by the image of another passenger opening the door and disturbing him as he did his business.

Maybe he could wait until Oakland after all.

He zipped his shorts back up and sighed as he returned to his seat. With his thighs pressed together, Marco prepared himself for the uncomfortable ride home.

…

“Attention passengers… due to an open drawbridge, we’ll be delayed for about ten minutes. Next station stop is Martinez.”

As the train loitered at the foot of the bridge across the San Joaquin river, Marco knew he was in trouble. For now, the discomfort in his bladder had subsided to a dull ache, but with every small movement he felt the mass of liquid shifting inside him. There was nothing to it but to press his knees together and lean back in his seat.

The train was stopped next to a stand of trees on a steep hillside. Marco found himself thinking of the last time he’d had to pee this bad, during a run in the hills above campus. It had been during the heat wave last fall, and with his class schedule leaving him no choice but to run in the afternoon, he’d kept hydrated… perhaps a bit too eagerly. Just after crossing Grizzly Peak Road he’d ducked into a stand of trees, pulled the front of his shorts down, and watered a tree. The smell of urine, sweat, and eucalyptus sap that had combined on that hillside was surprisingly agreeable, and Marco made a game of it: He stepped back and angled his penis upwards, managing to soak the bark nearly four feet above the roots. Then he stepped to the side a bit and tried to project his stream as far as he could on the downhill slope. Then he was done, and he was quite satisfied to stand there watching his puddle trickle downhill.

It was the shock of his life when Marco stepped out from behind the tree and saw, not thirty feet away from him, Riley Conrad standing shirtless with his back towards him, watering his own tree. Riley Vigil, who Marco knew because they were both on Rockridge’s rocketry team… Riley Conrad, who looked pretty good without a shirt on… Riley Conrad, who was pissing on a tree.

Marco fled with swift but silent footsteps and set a new record on his downhill sprint back to campus. He’d already made plans to meet Riley for lunch the next day, and when they both sat down at the restaurant Marco was so nervous that he could barely read the menu, but Riley seemed normal. Obviously he hadn’t caught Marco peeing, and he hadn’t caught Marco watching him pee.

After all, it wouldn’t do to let lust or piss get in the way of what was already a good friendship.

…

When the train stopped in Martinez, Marco had to direct his attention towards his bladder and penis every few seconds to keep himself in control. At this point, he was filled with almost as much worry as urine, and he figured that there were only two ways that his situation could get worse.

The first way was that somebody would sit next to him.

The second way was that she was wearing a Rockridge University t-shirt.

“Oh, you’re another Rockridge student?” she asked.

Marco tried to make himself look less tense. “How did you know?”

“Water bottle.”

Marco looked at his bottle, which he had purchased from the student store. It had the university seal printed on the side.

“What’s your name?” Marco asked.

“Elizabeth.”

“Marco.”

Elizabeth was wearing athletic shorts, a tank top, and sandals, and she had shoulder-length brown hair. Marco thought she looked familiar in a vague sort of way, as if they’d crossed paths on campus a few times before. As they talked some more, Marco learned that Elizabeth was a fellow sophomore, studying physics. He told her that he was majoring in mechanical engineering. Marco tried not to squirm in his seat, but with Elizabeth sitting next to him all he could do was sit and suffer as he tried to keep his pants dry. Luckily, the conversation was distracting him a bit; the train was now rolling through Richmond, with the factories and railyards of the East Bay moving outside the windows.

Elizabeth interrupted herself to point out the window. “Look, you can see the Golden Gate Bridge.” Marco turned in his seat to see that, yes, in between the treetops, he could see the distant San Francisco skyline and the bridge off in the distance.

“You know,” Elizabeth said, “I have kind of a funny story about the bridge… A few weeks ago I had a friend visit from out of town. She’s a transfer student who’ll be starting at Rockridge next fall, so she wanted me to shower her around. We went into the city, and one of the things she wanted to do was walk the length of the bridge, all the way from San Francisco to Marin. I’d never done it before either so we went across the bay and stopped in San Francisco for a coffee before heading to the bridge. Of course, it was a hot day, so I was also drinking lots of water… I didn’t realize there was a bathroom in the visitor center on the San Francisco side, so we just started walking across.”

Marco stared at her. “That’s… interesting…” He shifted his legs around some more. The train was making a stop in Berkeley, and as the people passed by in the aisle he tried to lean forward as casually as he could and crossed his arms over his thighs. His new hunched-up position took some pressure off his bladder, but he couldn’t think of a way to change the subject.

He really wanted to change the subject. And he really, really wanted to pee.

“Anyway, all that ‘hydration’ was catching up to me. I had no idea how long the bridge was, so by the time we were halfway across I had to piss bad. It was getting hard to walk. So you know what I did? I walked up to the railing, pulled down the waistband of my shorts a few inches, and got my underwear out of the way.”

“But what about the people?” Marco blurted.

Elizabeth laughed. “What people? Tourists don’t go that far out onto the bridge, and the bike path was on the other side. And I was hidden in an alcove behind one of the support towers; from the road, none of the drivers could see me pissing off the side of the Golden Gate Bridge.. Oh, it was great. I tell you, when you have to go that bad, it feels so good to just let go of your inhibitions and take an amazing leak.”

“Yeah.” Marco winced. “That does sound nice.”

“Of course, some people are more timid. I mean, my friend also clearly had to go when we were walking the bridge, but she didn’t want to join me when I pissed over the side. She managed to wait until we found some bushes on the Marin side of the bridge. She gave them a good watering!”

Marco just crossed his legs again as the train rolled south.

…

Marco knew he was in trouble. His legs bounced. He resisted the urge to grab himself as he twisted in his seat. Finally, he grabbed his legs and pulled his knees up to his chest, scrunching himself into a ball. His only consolation was that Elizabeth didn’t comment on his apparent desperation; if she had, he might have died of embarrassment. Her silence allowed Marco to pretend that she thought he was just trying to find a comfortable sitting position after spending nearly two hours on the train.

Elizabeth was telling him about her work in Rockridge’s Turbulent Flow Lab. He didn’t understand fluid mechanics that well, but she told him that her work could have engineering applications for nozzle design. She even offered to help Marco get a position in the lab, since they’d probably need help from an engineer for their upcoming experiments. However, he declined, saying that he was more interested in robotics and aerospace engineering.

And after being drawn in to such an interesting conversation, Marco was shocked to feel the train slowing down as it pulled into the station in Oakland. Finally! He grabbed his bag and stood up – and that made him realize that he truly was on the verge of wetting himself.

“Will I see you on the bus back to Rockridge?” Elizabeth asked.

“I don’t think so,” Marco replied hesitantly. “I have, uh… errands to run downtown.”

Elizabeth smiled. “If you say so.” She saw right through the lie, but she pretended to believe Marco because it seemed important to him that nobody would find out how badly he needed to relieve himself. Honestly, she thought, if I had to go that badly I’d find some quiet alley to squat in as soon as I got off the train.

She also rose from her seat to disembark, but Marco was already gone, sprinting down the stairs and onto the platform with stiff legs. With a stiff gait, he made his way towards the station building, devoting all of his energy towards holding his it in. Hobbling across the lobby, he spotted the door to the men’s room, and-

No! Locked! Marco was could have cried in frustration. His face was red and he was sweating with the effort of trying not to wet his pants. He dashed out onto the street, and saw the taillights of the Rockridge shuttle bus as it pulled away from the station.

“Shit!” He’d have to wait another thirty minutes for the next bus back to Rockridge. Naively, he thought for a moment that he could wait that long, but the brief lapse of concentration to check the bus schedule on his phone took its toll. Marco felt a brief spurt of urine leak out of him and soak into his underwear.

No, it was clear that he wouldn’t be able to wait. Marco had been desperate before, but he’d never been so close to wetting himself that he started leaking. Out of options, he ran for the closest secluded place he could find, a mostly-empty parking garage next to the station.

Ducking past the toll booth, Marco ran into a quiet corner of the station. He found a bus dropoff lane that had clearly fallen into disuse; it was separated from the rest of the garage by a wall, and the chances were low that anybody else would cross his path while he was pissing a river.

Nervously, Marco walked over to a good spot with a support column shielding him from the left and a drain on the right that would hopefully keep too large a puddle from building up. Now all he had to do was unzip, pull himself out, and go. But Marco couldn’t do it; he couldn’t stop thinking about his encounter with Riley in the hills above campus, and how embarrassing it had been to nearly be discovered. Although there had been a few desperate times in Marco’s life where he’d had no problem watering a tree or a bush, he’d avoided peeing outside since the incident with Riley last fall. And now he was in a built-up environment, not out in nature like the previous times he hadn’t been able to wait for a bathroom. Pissing here seemed like an impossible task.

But all of those concerns were pushed aside by Marco’s intense desperation and a desire to salvage his dry shorts. If relieving himself here was difficult, then wetting himself was unthinkable.

Steeling his nerve, Marco unzipped his shorts, pulled his underwear waistband down, and gripped his penis in his right hand. He aimed at the wall, and immediately a torrent burst forth from him. Marco was standing less than two feet from the wall, but in that moment he was sure that his stream could have traveled three times that distance, and the pressure caused a few spray drops to ricochet back onto his ankles. That didn’t bother him at all; the feeling of relieving himself after putting it off for far too long was intoxicating. Even though Marco fought the urge to close his eyes so that he could keep glancing around for passersby, for the most part he didn’t have a care in the world as he took his badly-needed piss.

In his entire life, Marco had only ever peed in three places before: In a bathroom, onto a tree, and onto dirt. Concrete was new to him, and he was surprised by how quickly his stream flowed down the wall and into the drain. As it fell into the drain, it made a gurgling sound; the sound amused Marco, and he wondered how long he’d be able to keep it up.

He had already passed twenty seconds, and he showed no signs of slowing yet. Moving his right hand, Marco began to idly move his stream back and forth against the wall, settling on a position that provided a bit more space between his foot and the steady trickle running into the drain. His small accomplishment made him smile; it wasn’t a wide grin that crossed his face, but rather the mellow expression of relief and bliss.

So far, Marco thought that his first urban piss was going quite well. Maybe he didn’t have anything to worry about after all. In fact, maybe he’d even try it again sometime. On a few occasions over the last few weeks, Marco had missed his bus and been stranded in the remote corner of Oakland where he worked as an intern at an engineering firm. Since Marco tended to drink a lot of water during the workday, after waiting at the bus stop for a few minutes he’d have a distinct urge to go. His pride refused to let him walk back to the office just to use the bathroom – after all what if somebody saw him? – but the industrial side of town wasn’t well-served by transit, and after waiting half an hour for the next bus he’d be quite uncomfortable. He always made it home before it became a true emergency, but next time maybe he’d just find a spot behind an abandoned warehouse and water the plants.

As he was lost in thought, Marco didn’t pay much attention as his stream started to lose power. Another ten seconds or so, and he’d be finished, with an impressive damp mark on the wall and a puddle of urine slowly flowing into the drain. Then, out of the corner of his eye, he saw somebody walking towards him.

Marco’s good mood vanished in an instant. He couldn’t possibly let anybody see him like this! With lightning speed, he tucked his penis back into his underwear and zipped his shorts up. Unfortunately, after being lost in relief, he wasn’t able to stop his stream until a few seconds after fastening his pants, and he ended up with a small but noticeable damp patch on the front of his shorts. With no time to worry about that, he bolted for the nearest exit, which happened to take him next to the person he’d seen coming his way.

The person was Elizabeth, and she waved. Marco saw her eyes move downwards, just for an instant, and he knew that he’d been caught. He’d had an accident, and Elizabeth had seen it. Marco was overcome with embarrassment, and he instinctively turned to face away from her. And then, instinctually, he started running, sprinting back out onto the street and leaving the parking garage behind.

He’d see Elizabeth again on the bus back to campus, but for now he just needed to be alone.

*001*2023-08-26 06:01

Chapter 2: Elizabeth Disembarks

July 2023

“Will I see you on the bus back to Rockridge?” Elizabeth asked.

“I don’t think so,” Marco replied hesitantly. “I have, uh… errands to run downtown.”

Elizabeth smiled. “If you say so.” She saw right through the lie, but she pretended to believe Marco because it seemed important to him that nobody would find out how badly he needed to relieve himself. Honestly, she thought, if I had to go that badly I’d find some quiet alley to squat in as soon as I got off the train.

She also rose from her seat to disembark, but Marco was already gone, sprinting down the stairs and onto the platform with stiff legs. As she walked, she realized that she also needed to piss. Her need wasn’t as bad as Marco’s, clearly, but she still wanted to take care of it sooner rather than later. She considered ducking into the lavatory on the train carriage, but she didn’t want the train to pull out of Oakland while she was sitting on the toilet with her pants around her ankles.

She stepped out onto the platform. Marco was already long gone, so she walked out to the street. There was a city bus loitering at the curb, and at the intersection she saw a Rockridge University shuttle pulling away from the curb. Damn it, she thought. I’ll have to wait half an hour for the next bus. As her bladder reminded her of its presence, she decided that she may as well use the bathroom in the station while she waited.

It was more than a minor annoyance when she went into the station and found out that the women’s room was locked. After glancing around at the half-dozen people waiting for the next train, staring at their phones, she tried the door to the men’s room, and got the same result. She realized that the next long-distance train wasn’t set to depart for several hours, so the restrooms would probably be locked until then.

Back out onto the street, Elizabeth’s discomfort was becoming a bit worse. With a purposeful stride, she went down the street, looking for an open storefront with a bathroom. Unfortunately, this was the city: Every place she came across was the same: Restrooms for customers only. Apart from the shops, there were some apartments, and a parking garage.

And so Elizabeth made her way towards the parking garage. She probably could have waited until she got back to Rockridge, but the fact was she didn’t want to. Didn’t want to go through the whole legs-crossing and seat-squirming ordeal, and didn’t want to spend the whole bus ride anxiously holding back her waters. Didn’t want to make the shuffling walk up the stairs to her apartment, and didn’t want to dance in place as she dug out her key to unlock the door before dashing to the bathroom. So instead of doing all that, why not simply find an out-of-the way spot and take care of her problem?

The interesting thing about the Oakland Amtrak station was that, as the trains passed through Jack London Square, they briefly ran along tracks in the center of the street. Elizabeth decided to scout out the side of the parking garage facing the tracks. There were a few bushes up against a low wall, and across from them a small alcove leading to a utility door next to a bus lane entering the garage. Perfect, she thought. There probably won’t be another bus for ages.

As she walked to the garage, Marco suddenly came shuffling past Elizabeth. There was a damp patch on the front of his shorts, and their gaze met briefly – and then he bolted, running off towards the street. Elizabeth didn’t need much to connect the dots – obviously, the poor student had wet himself.

That’s why it came as such a surprise when she saw a wet stain about three feet up the wall, with tendrils of liquid still running down to the puddle spreading across the asphalt. From the shape of the damp patch, Elizabeth could tell that Marco had clearly managed to pee against the wall at some point – yet he still ended up pissing himself.

Well, she thought, that’s a mystery for later. Standing next to Marco’s puddle, she crouched down. She moved her back up against the wall, helping to keep her balance, and then reached for her shorts. With one hand, she moved her garments aside, using the other for balance.

The stream came easily, and Elizabeth closed her eyes for as she started to relieve herself. After a few seconds, she opened them again, and looked down at the concrete to monitor her progress. The puddle was growing rapidly, and it was flowing away from her shoes. However, her shorts were in danger of catching some spray, so she adjusted herself accordingly.

It really wasn’t too hard to piss away from a toilet, she thought. Whether in the woods or in the city, it usually beat looking for a bathroom, and with the need to stay hydrated in the summer she’d probably be looking for a bathroom a lot if she wasn’t used to finding more creative solutions.

Even though Elizabeth had been glad to pee, it hadn’t been too urgent. Her stream was already winding down, and within a few seconds, she was done. Keeping her underwear pulled aside, she stood up and waited for a few more seconds for the last few drops to fall from between her legs. She didn’t mind if her panties ended up being slightly wet with residual urine; it beat carrying tissues around with her everywhere she went.

With her mission accomplished, Elizabeth left the garage. It would be another fifteen minutes until the shuttle to Rockridge left, so at least she’d managed to kill some time.

She wondered if she’d see Marco on the shuttle.

*003*2023-11-24 07:16

Chapter 3: Traffic and Texas

September 2022

Sam: hey Marco what’s up

Sam: how’s California

Marco: I got here a week ago and don’t really know anyone yet. Freshman orientation was kind of fun and also kind of a waste of time.

Sam: Yeah same at UT also

Sam: Still wish you were here in Austin

Marco: I told you before that I didn’t want to stay in Texas.

Sam: Yeah i know, just not sure why you changed your mind at the last minute about where to go to colleague

Sam: *college

Sam: I mean UT has a pretty good engineering program

Marco: I just didn’t want to stay in Texas.

Sam: Texas couldn’t be that bad, I mean it’s not like you’re gay or something

Sam: because that would be a good reason to leave Texas and go to California

Marco: Can’t talk now. I’m looking at the engineering student groups on campus.

Sam: oh you mean like SIAM?

Marco: What’s SIAM?

Sam: society for industrial and applied mathematics

Marco: We engineers like to have more fun than that. Math’s for nerds.

Marco: /s

Sam: pretty sure you’re also a nerd, Marco

Sam: and all you engineers use math to make things so you should *grovel before me*

Marco: Right now I’m looking at the Rockridge Solar Car racing team. I think this might be the one I join.

Marco: It would be kind of an electrical engineering-focused thing, which might be interesting.

Sam: so they build a solar car?

Marco: And they race it against a bunch of other schools.

Marco: Hold on.

Sam: hey

Marco: Oh, I never replied. Sorry.

Sam: how’s the solar car

Marco: I didn’t join.

Marco: I found a better team.

Sam: what do they do

Marco: They build rockets. They’re called SOAR. That’s the Student Organization for Aerospace and Rocketry.

Marco: Or maybe R is for Rockridge, I don’t know.

Marco: Anyway I’m going to be working on the recovery systems.

Sam: what’s recovery?

Marco: Parachutes and their associated deployment systems. Also in-flight events like stage separation.

Marco: I get to play with explosives

Sam: don’t get blown up

Marco: We’ll see.

…

July 2023

“Don’t get blown up,” Riley said.

“Yeah, thanks,” Marco replied. “I know what I’m doing.”

He and Riley stood behind a plexiglass blast wall, wearing hard hats and face shields. On the other side of the wall lay the hollow shell of a rocket, emptied of its motor and flight electronics. All that was inside was two parachutes, a pair of small explosive charges, and long wires snaking around a pressure bulkhead and outside the airframe. One end of the wires was connected to the explosives, and the other end was in Marco’s left hand.

In his right hand, there was a 9-volt battery.

Riley stood off to the side, pointing his phone towards the rocket. “We’re filming,” he said. “Ready when you are.”

“FIRE IN THE HOLE!” Marco shouted, and touched the terminals of the battery to the wires he was holding. With a bang and a puff of smoke, the rocket split in two, and the parachutes spilled out onto the ground.

Riley walked up to film a closer shot. “Looks like a successful test. We’re on track for a September launch.”

“Awesome. Let’s get this packed up and get back to Rockridge.”

…

SOAR, along with all of the other Rockridge student engineering teams, worked out of Alameda Field. Located on an island just south of Oakland, and a few miles away from the main Rockridge campus, it had started its life as a hastily-build Navy airfield during World War II. After the war, it had been passed around between different state and local government agencies until expansion at Oakland International Airport to the south forced its runways to close. With the polluted site too costly to redevelop, the airfield had been offered to NASA, then UC Berkeley, and then Stanford, none of whom were eager to take on the responsibility of maintaining decrepit hangars built on top of toxic landfill. Finally, Rockridge University bought the field, and its engineering students had been turning the windswept landscape and the creaky, leaky buildings into their playground ever since.

Alameda Field was pretty quiet in the summer. Off on the other end of the runway, Rockridge’s solar car team was slowly putting their new vehicle through its paces, but otherwise Marco and Riley were alone. The field was right on the edge of the San Francisco Bay, nestled among shipyards and railyards. In the distance, the skyscrapers of San Francisco and the Golden Gate Bridge peaked through a layer of fog, but here in Oakland it was a sunny summer day.

Riley walked back to the SOAR hanger and reached for the doorknob. “Shit,” he muttered.

“What?”

Riley jiggled the knob. “The door’s locked.”

“I didn’t lock the door. Did you lock the door?”

“No. They keys are inside on the workbench.”

“These doors don’t lock themselves, do they?”

Riley shook his head. “They’re not supposed to, but all the buildings around here are falling apart.”

“Well, look on the bright side. If we can’t get in, then all of the black mold and asbestos in there can’t kill us.”

Riley laughed. “Right! Anyway, I don’t feel like trying to fix this right now. Let’s load up the rocket in my car and we can bring it back later after maintenance fixes the door.”

…

Thirty minutes later, Marco was starting to wish they’d been able to get into the hangar. Partially, it was because of the inconvenience of needing to store part of the rocket at home and bring it back to Alameda Field later. Also, he was worried that SOAR would somehow be blamed for breaking a lock that hadn’t been replaced since the 1940s.

However, his regrets were mostly because the hangar had a bathroom.

During the test preparations, Marco had drained nearly two water bottles. He didn’t trust the water in Alameda; he’d heard that sometime before the Navy abandoned the airfield, the ground had been contaminated with lead and other heavy metals. Visiting students were encouraged to bring enough water to last them through the day, and Marco had obeyed. It was like a math problem: The passage of time (several hours) and the number of bathroom trips he’d had (zero) produced the results:

The water had left the tap in Oakland.

He’d carried it to Alameda in his bottle.

The water had left the bottle in Alameda.

He was carrying the water back to Oakland in his bladder.

The water was threatening to leave his bladder at some point on the highway between Alameda and Oakland.

His saving grace was that Riley had quickly grown bored of the traffic jam that stretched off into the distance and had talked for a while about an upcoming SpaceX launch, which distracted Marco from his problem.

“…anyway, I think they’ll probably get it right eventually, but I still wouldn’t trust them to move past the satellite market for now,” Riley was saying. “There’s no way they’ll get their timeline to work, especially since they destroyed their launchpad in Texas during the last test.”

“Oh, yeah,” Marco said. “I think they got in trouble with the FAA.”

“Hey, when you’re back home do you ever go down to watch the SpaceX launches?”

Marco shook his head. “Too far. Remember, I live in El Paso, and they launch in Boca Chica. It would take thirteen hours of driving just to get there.”

“Jesus. Texas is fucking huge.”

“Yeah. I still can’t really get used to it.”

“What do you mean, get used to?”

“My family moved to El Paso in middle school. I never told you?”

Riley took a sip from his water bottle in the cupholder. “I don’t think so.”

“Huh. I thought I had. Anyway, I was born in Albuquerque, New Mexico. My dad worked for the university, as an anthropologist studying Pueblo culture. Eventually he got really interested in pre-Columbian trade routes between Central America and the Colorado Plateau, so he wanted to spend some time closer to Mexico. Luckily, the University of Texas campus in El Paso was hiring, so the summer after eighth grade we packed up and moved south.”

“That sounds like it would have been rough.”

“I mean, kind of? I missed Albuquerque, but we still had a ton of family up there, so we got back a lot. And, you know, I’ve never been the kind of person who’s great at making friends, so it wasn’t like I was leaving behind a lot of people in Albuquerque I cared about. The real hard part was starting over with zero friends in El Paso.”

Marco took a deep breath. Why am I telling him this? Riley was his friend, sure, but Marco had always been reluctant to talk with his friends about the personal details of his life. He’d always considered it better to just talk about trivial items. At a few times in his life he’d wondered if maybe his few friendships would have felt more meaningful if he’d made more of an effort to engage emotionally, but it seemed less risky to just stay the course and talk about the little things. So why was he suddenly being so talkative now?

You idiot. Now Riley’s going to know you didn’t have any friends in high school. And who wants to talk to a friendless loser?

But Riley just leaned over in his seat, taking his eyes off the gridlocked traffic and looking directly at Marco. “Yeah, high school was rough for me too like that, with the pandemic and everything. It must have been way worse to be uprooted like that. I’m glad all that’s behind us and we can just make the most of where we’re at now.”

Marco blinked. He was expecting judgement, scorn, anything except a genuine emotional connection that had been returned with sincerity.

Another thing that he wasn’t expecting was that he didn’t have to pee as badly as he did a few minutes prior – he’d uncrossed his legs.

“Yeah. Well, to be honest, it was the little things in El Paso that were the hardest. It’s not too different to Albuquerque… It’s hotter, and there’s nowhere you can go to get out of the desert. Albuquerque had mountains. And obviously the main thing is that El Paso is in Texas, and I’ve told you before how I feel about that particular state government.”

Riley grinned. “If I recall, in addition to your legitimate complaints you also blamed the governor for getting you rejected from Caltech.”

“And I ended up at Rockridge instead, so don’t make fun of me. Anyway, the real thing is that I just felt a little out of place in El Paso. It’s weird, but… El Paso is more Mexican than New Mexico. So being Hispano, and having specific New Mexican heritage, and then coming down to Texas, it puts you in a weird in-between spot culturally.”

“How so?”

“Oh, it’s hard to explain. Just, you know, because of three centuries of history, and endless socioeconomic stuff since then, it just feels different. There’s a lot of culture shock when you’re going someplace where there’s a stronger dividing line between who is and isn’t Mexican. And, on a smaller note, Tex-Mex is not as good as New Mexican style cooking. Sometimes my family would drive north to Las Cruces just to get proper New Mexican food.”

“And what’s the difference?”

“That would also be too hard to explain to somebody who’s used to Nor-Cal slop.”

“Hey!”

Marco grinned mischievously. “Hey, I had a breakfast burrito last week with kale in it. I wouldn’t give that burrito to a dog.”

Riley laughed again. “Oh, man, I didn’t come here for a lecture. When is this traffic going to move?”

“Oh, so you’re crumbling under my vicious attacks of Cali-Mex food?”

“No, I just really need to pee.”

Marco’s smile vanished. “Oh.” His need had abated for now, but he was still anxious to get in front of a urinal. “Yeah, me too. Let me check my phone… looks like the traffic clears up right at the Rockridge exit.”

They were nearly there, but the highway was practically at a standstill. Cars inched forward, filling every bit of empty space between their bumpers; there were subway tracks in the median of the highway, and Riley watched as a train rumbled past. He really, really wished he was on it.

“I’ve never seen traffic this bad before,” Riley said. “I remember one time in senior year I was driving back to Santa Cruz and there was a bad wreck ahead of me.” He winced. “But since that was just a little mountain road I was just able to pull over and water a tree. No chance of that here.”

“What were you doing in San Jose?”

“I was going to a soccer game with my boyfriend.”

Marco perked up at that statement. “Wait, you had a boyfriend? I didn’t realize that you, I mean...”

“Yeah, we kind of just went our separate ways after graduation. He’s at Yale now.”

For some reason Marco felt very excited by this information.

“What about you?” Riley asked. “Any high school romance?”

“The exit is closed up ahead,” Marco abruptly replied.

“What?”

“The Rockridge exit. Is closed.” He pushed his knees together. “Godammit, I’m not sure how much longer I can wait.”

“Okay, don’t panic.”

“I say panic.”

Riley gripped the wheel. “Panic if you want, I’m getting us out of here.” He swerved the car into a gap and moved into the left lane. A few seconds later, they broke through the end of the jam and discovered that the backlog had been caused by a closed lane that had blocked off the Rockridge exit and choked the eastbound traffic on the highway down to two lanes. Riley slammed his foot down on the accelerator and weaved between slower cars as he moved back to the outside lane, veering towards the next exit.

They were high up in the hills now, probably over a mile from Rockridge. Marco pulled out his phone and pulled up a map, trying to figure out if it would be faster to get back on the highway or take surface roads back to campus. Looking up from his phone, he was dismayed to see that Riley had turned off the main road and started following signs for Temescal Recreation Area.

“What are we doing here?”

“Don’t worry,” Riley said, and eased the car into a parking spot next to some picnic tables. As soon as he cut off the ignition, he put his hands in his lap and started holding himself. Then he got out of the car, leaving Marco behind as he walked away from the road.

Marco anxiously looked around. He could barely sit still, the need to piss was so bad – what was Riley doing? After a moment’s hesitation, he unbuckled and set off in pursuit of his friend.

He caught up to Riley a few feet off the path. “Come on, I’m practically wetting myself. We need to get back to campus.”

“No, we don’t,” Riley said, and unbuttoned his pants. Marco froze and felt his heart accelerate as Riley’s hands worked their way down the zipper and pulled the fabric of his jeans aside. With his left hand he opened the fly on his boxers and with the other hand took aim at the trunk of a nearby eucalyptus tree.

A pale stream splashed against the bark and ran down into the dirt, where it trickled past dead leaves and Riley’s shoes. Riley leaned back and sighed.

“Aren’t you going to join me, Marco?”

Marco didn’t move. “Uhhhhhhhhhhh…” He thought back to the Amtrak incident and being caught in the parking garage outside the train station. It had been hard enough to relax when he thought he was alone, but now Riley was right there. “Is that an invitation?” Marco asked, awkwardly, then blushed. You did not just say that out loud, he told himself.

Riley turned towards Marco slightly, giving him a clear view of the stream arcing towards the stream in a perfect parabola. He smiled a little and raised his eyebrows. “Maybe it is.”

Marco frantically looked around. There had to be a bathroom around somewhere! But he’d had so much to drink in Alameda, and he could hear Riley sighing contentedly, and he could hear Riley’s stream striking the ground-

There wasn’t time to find a bathroom. There wasn’t even time to find his own tree. Frantically, fumblingly, he darted next to Riley and unzipped his own pants. Soon, there were two golden streams splattering against the bark.

Marco and Riley stood about a foot apart. Each had a wide stance, and both their gazes were turned towards the point of contact between the tree and their streams. They both stood there for a moment, but then Marco redirected himself slightly and moved his stream up the tree. A second passed before Riley noticed, but then they both started laughing and trying to compete on height. Nearly twenty seconds passed and both of them were still going strong, alternately swinging their flows up to new heights on the tree and stepping back to compete on distance. In all the chaos their puddles merged and encroached on their shoes, but they didn’t mind. After spending nearly an hour cooped up in the car, dancing around like idiots in the woods felt almost as good as pissing itself.

Despite starting later, Marco finished up first. He shook himself off and started to tuck himself away, but then his eyes caught Riley’s stream and for the first time his gaze went up to the source. He’d only caught brief glances of other guys’ cocks in the locker room in high school, and he hadn’t paid much attention then. Now, however, he blushed as he realized that he was reluctant to pry his eyes away from Riley’s body and his stream, which was finally starting to die down.

Standing next to him, Riley noticed that Marco had froze and turned to face him, dick still in hand. Quickly, his attention was also drawn downwards. Then their gazes met, and they both realized where the other been looking just a few seconds ago. Marco awkwardly zipped up his pants as fast as he could, red with embarrassment as he realized that his underwear was feeling tight. He hastily turned away from Riley and rushed back towards the car, then waited for him to emerge from the woods.

Marco dreaded the thought of Riley’s return. Marco couldn’t wait for Riley to return. Both of these feelings were true in alternating moments.

Maybe Marco wasn’t sure what he wanted.

…

The old Toyota pulled up outside of a low-rise apartment building with a brick façade. The building had recently been renovated for seismic upgrades, but it still bore a distinct mid-century aesthetic. Marco liked its architecture, which was good, because this was where he lived.

Marco and Riley hadn’t said much during the short drive back to campus, but as Marco went to retrieve his backpack from the trunk, Riley stopped him.

“Hey, uh… thanks for helping out with the rocket today.”

“Yeah,” Marco said. “It’s not like I had anything else going on.”

Riley smiled. “I had a good time.”

Marco wasn’t sure how to respond to that. Luckily, after a moment, Riley spoke up again.

“I’m going to a concert in San Francisco with a friend next weekend. Maybe you’d like to tag along?”

“I’ll be there.”

Riley grinned and started the engine. “Have a great week, Marco.”

The car drove off, leaving Marco standing alone on the sidewalk. He looked up towards the building; from the street, it was just possible to see through the window into his apartment on the third floor. Marco just stood there for a minute before fishing his key out of his pocket and staring to climb the last few flights of stairs between him and home. As he climbed, multiple thoughts rattled through his brain, but eventually one rose to the forefront of his mind:

Looks like my boring summer in Rockridge just got interesting.

*005*2024-01-15 06:44

{{On 1/11/2024 at 10:09 AM, Ms. Tito said:

Out in the West Texas town of El Paso

I fell in love with a Mexican girl

Nighttime would find me in Rosa's cantina

Music would play and Felina would whirl

}}

I was actually writing a prequel chapter set in El Paso, and I’d already planned for the title to be “Out in the West Texas Town of El Paso.” That’s not finished yet, because I got distracted by a standalone short story that also involves rockets and is also set in West Texas, just south of New Mexico, which I’ll link to.

I’ve got basic details for a few more chapters of Golden State, which will focus on alternative rock, enchiladas, obscure webcomics, tedious conversations about urbanism, and rockets. And, you know, pissing.

In short, all the things that make life worth living.

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="240261" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed4969328449" style="height:203px;max-width:500px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/97006-launch-tower/?do=embed"

*006*2024-06-01 05:32

Chapter 4: A Pun Involving Golden Gate Park

July 2023

Elizabeth Costello was running late for the train, which was unusual for her. She didn’t necessarily mind waiting for the next one, except that Riley was already at the station, and if she was late then he’d have to wait too. And he’d said that he was also bringing along a friend from the rocketry team – so she’d also be inconveniencing a complete stranger! She wasn’t sure what was worse: To delay a friend, or to make a bad first impression on somebody she didn’t know.

To an impartial observer, it was clear that Elizabeth wasn’t to blame for her delay. On Friday night, she’d texted Riley to double-check when they’d be leaving for the concert and then set an alarm even though it wasn’t really necessary. She’d woken up in plenty of time for the midday show, enjoyed a breakfast of toast and a tall glass of orange juice, and then looked out the window to see the bus she’d intended to take driving past her apartment five minutes ahead of schedule.

A frantic sprint wasn’t enough to catch it, so she’d had to wait for the next one, which was now weaving its way through traffic to the Rockridge BART station. Elizabeth texted a quick apology to Riley and then checked the transit schedule on her phone. Her bus would get to the station in three minutes… at exactly the same time as the Yellow Line train to San Francisco. It was going to be a tight connection, and running wasn’t going to be pleasant, since she’d skipped a final bathroom break while trying to catch her first bus.

Elizabeth had peed when she’d woken up, around two hours ago. For most people, that wouldn’t be too much of a problem. However, Elizabeth wasn’t like most people. Compared to her friends, she was always looking for a bathroom. On those frequent occasions when one wasn’t available, she made use of trees, alleyways, or the space between two car doors on the side of the road. It was just the price she paid to be well-hydrated… and she was especially well-hydrated today. She really liked orange juice.

Her shorts were too tight. How much pressure are they adding? Elizabeth wondered. She wasn’t in any danger of wetting herself now, but she needed to get off the bus, get into the BART station, take the train into San Francisco, transfer to a Muni train, and then take that out to Golden Gate Park before she could have a hope of relieving herself anywhere other than her underwear. It was a daunting task, and to distract herself, she checked the train schedule on her phone again.

@@---BAY AREA RAPID TRANSIT SERVICE ADVISORY---

@@-Yellow Line trains are delayed five minutes between Orinda and Rockridge-

@@-BART apologizes for the delay-

Elizabeth collapsed back in her seat. She wouldn’t miss the train, and she’d have time to use the bathroom.

More precisely, she’d have time to urinate. It was an open question if she’d actually be using a bathroom. As she got off the bus, she tried to remember if the restrooms in the station were usually locked. Even if they are, she told herself, they probably aren’t in good shape. Her mind made up, Elizabeth speed-walked right past the station entrance, searching for privacy among the concrete pillars of an adjacent highway overpass.

She quickly found a perfect place, an early-empty parking lot. It was well-lit, clean, and – most importantly – abandoned and out of the way enough for nobody to notice a college girl pulling down her pants and draining off an uncomfortable amount of orange juice. Elizabeth hurried to the edge of the lot and, with her back to a concrete wall, started unbuttoning her pants.

As soon as she got into a high squat, Elizabeth let go. Her stream struck the wall a few inches above the ground, travelling mostly vertically. This wasn’t the most convenient way to pee, Elizabeth thought, but it gave her the most privacy in this particular environment. Looking down, she noticed the puddle traveling dangerously close to her shoes, so she bent over further and placed her hands on her knees, trying to give her stream a bit more horizontal projection. She also turned slightly, so that the urine was striking the wall further away. She looked down again – now the puddle was seeping away from her.

It was a minor victory. Now all she had to worry about was being half-naked and pissing furiously beneath a highway.

Within half a minute, her stream began to die down. Elizabeth had nothing to wipe with, but that didn’t bother her; stray drops never seemed to be as much of a problem for her as they did for other women. Eager to get into the station, she pulled her garments back up and carefully stepped over the puddle she’d made before setting off across the parking lot.

…

Elizabeth stepped onto the train platform and looked around. Riley had mentioned that one of his other friends was also going to be joining them for the concert, but he hadn’t said who this mystery person was. They’d have plenty of time to get to know each other during the train ride into San Francisco, she guessed.

Marco stood at the edge of the platform and looked out along the track for a train that was running late. Riley stood a few feet back from him, scanning the platform for the friend that they’d be meeting. All Marco knew about her was that she and Riley had met in a fluid mechanics class a few semesters ago.

“Hey, Elizabeth!” Riley called. Marco turned around and-

Wait a minute. He knew this person.

“Hey, Riley!” Elizabeth hurried over to them. “Sorry I’m late. Who’s… hey, I know you!”

“You know Marco?” Riley asked.

“Yeah, I sat next to him on the Amtrak train a few weeks ago,” Elizabeth replied.

“Yeah!” Marco exclaimed nervously. “That’s who you are.” He tried not to pay attention to the brief awkward silence that followed.

“So where exactly are we going?” Elizabeth finally asked.

“The Hellman Hollow Free Music Festival in Golden Gate Park,” Riley explained. “I’ve got the location on my phone. Are you guys ready to groove to the sweet music of the Violet Ladies?”

“Who are the Violet Ladies?” Marco asked.

“Only the greatest folk rock duo of the mid-‘90s.”

“That sounds incredibly nerdy.”

“Yeah, and you’re a nerd too. You’ll love it.”

…

“We’re the youngest people here by thirty years,” Marco complained as they walked along a path in Golden Gate Park, surrounded by the other festivalgoers.

“No, we’re not!” Riley retorted. “Look, there’s some kids over there!”

“Those are elementary schoolers,” Elizabeth pointed out. “They’re here with their old, old parents.”

“You just don’t get it, do you? The ‘90s were the coolest decade ever, and I can prove how cool I am by wearing flannel jackets and listening to the greatest music ever written.”

“Let me put it this way, Riley: The people who comprise Green Day are cool. The people who are still listening to them in 2023… mostly aren’t.”

“Shut up.”

“Hey, guys,” Marco interrupted. “I’m gonna swing by the bathroom before we get out of this concession area.”

“Cool,” Riley said. “We’ll wait for you out here.”

Marco broke away from his companions and set off towards the squat restroom building at a decent pace. He didn’t want to keep his friends waiting, but there was a short line at the men’s room entrance. The bathrooms, Marco realized, were designed with ordinary park patronage in mind, and they’d be crowded for the entire day as festivalgoers swarmed Golden Gate Park.

Luckily, the line moved quickly, and within a few minutes Marco was hosing down the plastic walls of the waterless urinal. There was a drawing of a bumblebee low down in the urinal, and Marco aimed for it; with a steady hand, he managed to strike roughly between its wings for the duration of his stream. Feeling much relieved, he shook himself off and zipped up before rejoining the festival crowd, which was growing thicker with every passing minute.

“Over here!” Marco heard Riley shouting from across the pavilion and he cut through the fray. “We stopped by concessions and picked up hot dogs.”

“Thanks!” Marco said, and took a hot dog. “Where’s Elizabeth?”

“Coming back from – oh, there she is.”

Elizabeth appeared though a break in the crowd, carrying a few bottles. “I got some hard seltzer for you, Riley,” she said. “Marco, Riley told me that you don’t drink. He said that you like this Italian soda brand, so I got some of that.”

Marco beamed at Riley. “How did you know?” He took one of the cans from Elizabeth. “Oh, you got the orange kind! That’s my favorite flavor.”

Riley shrugged. “Hey, I guess I know you pretty well.”

The seating for the concert was on a broad hill rising high above the stage. Redwoods grew near the top, and wildflowers grew along the side of the winding path that Marco, Riley, and Elizabeth followed as they searched for a space to sit. Near the top of the hill they found an empty space with a clear view of the stage. As they waited for the show to start, Elizabeth passed out the drinks. She handed a seltzer to Riley, an Italian soda to Marco, and opened up a can of sparkling water that she’d got for herself.

It was a long way back down to the bathrooms.

…

Much to his chagrin, Marco had to admit that he actually did like the Violet Ladies. They were modern hippies of a sort, he supposed – the crowd, which was made up primarily of middle-aged women in sundresses and middle-aged men in pastel shirts and khakis, seemed laid-back and cheerful. There were appreciable numbers of other college-age groups in the audience, but for the most part they seemed to be there not out of a deep fondness of the Violet Ladies but simply due to a belief that a free concert shouldn’t be passed up.

Riley stood up. “I’ve got to pee,” he said. “I’ll be back.” He set down the bottle of water that he’d started on after finishing his seltzer and started slowly walking along a narrow path cut into the side of the hill, bracing himself against the trunks of redwood trees as he walked. Marco watched him go for a moment, then turned back to face the stage as the next song started.

“You like him, don’t you?” Elizabeth’s question broke through the music. Marco paused for a moment before answering.

“Of course I do. He’s a good engineer, he’s a great partner to work with on the rocketry team, and he’s fun to hang out with. I guess you’ve noticed that we get along real well.”

“That’s not what I meant, Marco.”

“Uh…” Marco nervously met Elizabeth’s gaze. “I wouldn’t really know that, uh… Which I – that… What I meant to say is, uh, no. I don’t know what you mean.”

“Not just like. Like like. You know, as in you have a crush on him.”

Marco blushed furiously. “Come on, I don’t like talking about this.”

“Riley is my friend, Marco. The fact is I think he likes you – but I’m worried that if you’re going to pretend that you don’t have feelings for each other then it could lead to a lot of unnecessary emotional turmoil for both of you. I’ll tell you right now, in confidence, that if you told Riley that you liked him that he’d respond in kind. So if you actually like him, it’s probably a good idea to just level with him.”

“Elizabeth, I…” Marco inhaled deeply and then began breathing heavily. “Yeah, I like him. But I don’t know what to do. I’m not out to anyone, but my family would be cool with it, but I’m still really nervous, and I’ve never really been in any kind of real relationship before, and I’ve had crushes on girls in high school so I’m worried that-”

“Okay, Marco. Deep breath. Run-on sentences never did anyone any good. First of all, I’m not sure exactly what you learned in your Texan sex-ed classes, but people aren’t just straight or gay. It sounds like you like guys and girls and that’s fine. I’m guessing you already knew that, but you should do some reading on bisexuality and pansexuality on your own time. Second, I know that it’s scary now. Just take everything in your own time, whether that’s coming out, taking things seriously with Riley, whatever. Nobody else can tell you exactly how to do those things; you’re an adult now.”

“It doesn’t fucking feel like it!” Marco shouted.

Elizabeth laughed. “We’re college students. We’ve got too much homework to act maturely. Still, the thing about being queer is that we watch out for each other. I’ve got some life experience here, and it’s all right to rely on me for support. If you need advice about coming out, I’ll be there. If you need answers on your physics homework, I’ll be there – and trust me, you’ll need help in fluid mechanics next semester.”

“Jesus, Elizabeth, that’s… really generous of you. I’ve only known you for maybe six hours, in which time you’ve seen me wet my pants in a parking garage and act awkward around my crush, and suddenly you’re essentially offering to be my queer big sister. Why?”

“Because I want to, Marco. Sometimes friendships form quickly, and while I get the sense that you’re not the kind of person who forms relationships easily, I hope that you’ll let your guard down around me. Besides, Riley’s already my friend, and you’re a lot like him.”

Marco opened his mouth to say something else, but then Riley suddenly reappeared next to him, as if Elizabeth had summoned him by saying his name. “I’m back,” he announced.

“Jesus!” Marco yelped. Riley looked at him, confused. “I mean, uh… that was really fast. The bathrooms are all the way down at the bottom of the hill.”

If Riley had noticed Marco’s obvious attempt to change the subject, he gave no indication. “Yeah,” he said, “I didn’t go down to the bottom of the hill. I just went up into the trees and pissed there.”

“Why?”

Riley shrugged. “It’s a festival. Nobody cares if you go outside.”

Elizabeth nodded in agreement and then stood. “I’m going to go water the bushes myself. Want to join me, Marco? We can keep watch for each other.”

Marco did need to pee a little but was dead set on waiting for a bathroom. “I’m fine,” he said. I’ll wait until the end of the show.

“All right, you two have fun.”

Marco watched Elizabeth slowly started weaving a path uphill as the next song started. He gulped and then turned towards Riley.

“So, uh, Riley…” His voice sounded high. Damn it, I’m stuttering!

“Yeah?”

“Given that we are having a good time today, I was wondering if… youwantedtogetdinnersometime?”

“What?” Riley smiled slightly and took off his sunglasses to look Marco in the eye. “I didn’t catch that.”

Marco took a deep breath and forced himself to get slower. “We should get dinner sometime, if, you know… you wanted to.”

“Yeah, Marco. That would be great.”

Marco exhaled.

“You seem nervous,” Riley continued. “Should I surmise that the nature of this dinner is… shall I say, more than platonic?”

“Uh-huh,” Marco squeaked.

“Awesome! You’re a shy boy, Marco, but I had a hunch that you were into me.”

“Yeah, I-” Marco was suddenly overcome with laughter. “Yeah, I am! But the funny thing is that we’re here at this concert as friends. This technically isn’t a date.”

“Oh, yeah? What makes you so sure?”

“Well, Elizabeth is here,” Marco pointed out. “Dates usually lack third wheels.”

“Elizabeth isn’t here right now,” Riley responded.

“She’s just gone to pee!”

“So you’re saying this is temporarily a date.”

“No!” Marco laughed. “If this was a date, we’d be acting all romantic!”

“So you’re saying that this would be a date if I leaned over and kissed you on the cheek?” Riley asked mischievously.

“Yes!”

“Well, then. It looks like you’ve won the argument.”

Marco pumped his fists above his head. “Victory is mine! I won a stupid argument!”

Suddenly, Riley leaned over and planted a quick kiss on Marco’s cheek.

“I said it looks like you’ve won, but you haven’t.”

Marco just sat staring straight ahead with his mouth open.

…

When Elizabeth got back she noticed that Marco and Riley were sitting closer together than when she’d left. By the end of the show their shoulders were touching, and Riley’s arm was around Marco’s shoulder. During the encore, Elizabeth noticed that Marco’s legs were pressed together tightly.

As soon as the music ended, Riley stood up. “Let’s get out of here. If we don’t hurry there’s going to be a huge crowd for the train.”

“Hold on!” Marco shouted as he rose from the ground. “I’ve gotta use the bathroom before we go.”

“There’s going to be a huge line,” Riley whined. “Can’t you wait?”

Marco shook his head. “I’ve had to go since halfway through the set. Maybe… I’ll just go in the trees over there.”

“I have to go too,” Elizabeth said. “C’mon, let’s go.”

A faint smell in the air indicated that many of the concertgoers had come to this stand of trees for the same purpose during the show. Elizabeth blazed a path deep into the growth, wary of being discovered by somebody else looking for relief after the concert. After spending about a minute climbing the side of the hill she looked around and couldn’t see anybody else except for Marco and Riley. “This is the place,” she said, and reached for her zipper.

Marco gulped and turned towards a tree on the other side of the clearing. He didn’t want to look, but just as he’d reached into his underwear a sudden splashing sound made him look over his shoulder. The sight of Elizabeth standing straight up with her pants around her ankles, hands at her crotch, and a pale stream striking dry leaves at the base of a tree made his mouth drop. “I thought girls had to squat!” he exclaimed. Riley, who was leaning nonchalantly against another tree, rolled his eye.

“Nope,” Elizabeth said, a bit to casually for Marco’s liking. “Can’t squat here; the hill’s too steep. I’d fall over.”

“But… how are you doing that?”

“By pulling my pussy up, same as you’d aim your dick at a tree. Besides, you said you thought girls have to squat? How many girls have you seen pee?”

“None! I just mean, you know, I read in books and stuff…”

Marco turned back towards his tree. His bladder was uncomfortably full, and feeling better was a simple matter of peeing against the tree. But even though dampening the bark was a necessary prerequisite to avoid humiliating himself in a puddle on the train ride back home, a stream wasn’t forthcoming. He was simply unable to relax in the unusual position of holding his penis in his hand in the middle of the woods.

In the distance, the murmur of the crowd as they left the park. Closer, the pattering of Elizabeth’s stream as it alternated between a tree trunk and dry leaves. Then, suddenly:

“Can’t go?”

Riley was standing next to him.

“Nuh-uh,” Marco said. “I’m worried that someone’s going to catch me and then I’ll have to explain why I’m peeing on a tree in the middle of San Francisco.”

“Even though this is the kind of thing you do at a concert.”

“I know…”

Behind them, Elizabeth finished emptying her bladder with a few last strong sprays against the tree. As she pulled up her pants, she addressed the couple.

“You know, Marco, if other people pee in a place then that means it’s okay for you to do it too.”

“It’s like a bathroom,” Riley said. “If we all piss here then it’s like we’ve turned the trees into a urinal. That makes it okay.”

“Okay…” Marco muttered, and concentrated. Ten seconds passed, and then a brief jet of urine struck the tree right between his legs. But he couldn’t keep the stream going, and soon it was over, with Marco left holding his dick in his right hand.

“If this is going to take so long, then I’m going to go too,” Riley said. He stood at the tree next to Marco and opened his pants. He began peeing as soon as he got his penis out, letting lose a steady, even stream that Marco gazed upon with a combination of lust and envy. Riley was peeing as freely as if he was at a urinal, and Marco wished that he could summon the same flow instead of spending all his energy just trying to get a few drips in the dirt. Worse still, Marco could feel his member stiffening slightly; with an erection, he’d have no chance of watering the tree.

Riley looked over and smiled. “Hold your breath as long as you can,” he told Marco.

“What?”

“Trust me.”

Marco inhaled a bit and then sealed off his lungs. As the urge to exhale grew, he felt his senses heighten: The ache in his bladder, the sensitivity of the shaft in his hands, the smell of the urine in the puddles on either side of him, the sound of Riley’s stream thundering against the tree, the pressure building up in his chest-

Marco gasped, refilling his lungs with oxygen. As he did, he felt himself let go, and a stream of his own joined the one that Riley was producing. “Oooh, yeah,” he moaned.

“You didn’t pee for the entire concert, did you?” Elizabeth asked.

“Nope,” Marco replied.

“And how much did you drink?”

“A few cans of that Italian soda.”

“Wow,” Riley said. “I don’t think I can hold that much.”

He may have been right, since even as his own stream was dwindling Marco’s was still going strong. Riley shook himself off and zipped up and then just stood back and waited to see how long Marco would piss. By now, the puddle at the base of the tree was growing so large that it was threatening Marco’s shoes, so he stepped around the circumference of the trunk, stream flowing all the while. Elizabeth looked on from a distance, but Riley didn’t even pretend that he wasn’t staring straight at Marco’s crotch.

Marco felt surprisingly confident, but he was still blushing a little. That came as a surprise, because he could feel blood rapidly being redirected to another part of his body. The impact point of the fountain against the tree was rising rapidly, and his stream was losing power. Eventually it stopped entirely.

“All done?” Riley asked.

“Wait.” Pissing with an erection was hard; the last bit of the stream always needed some coaxing. Marco managed to get a little bit out at a time, spraying higher and higher on the tree with each release. Riley and Elizabeth looked on with a bit of awe as the final burst reached Marco’s shoulders, traveling nearly parallel to his torso as it left his rigid member. Marco was so hard, in fact, that he couldn’t even shake himself off, and he accepted the few drops that would stay behind on the tip of his penis as he tucked back it into an ill-fitting home within his underwear.

Marco turned away from the tree and found himself staring directly into Riley’s eyes. Riley stared back. They held each other’s gaze for five, ten, fifteen seconds, drawing ever closer as they did so. The distance between them shrunk…

“Uh, guys,” Elizabeth interrupted. Was it just Riley’s imagination, or was she embarrassed to be intruding on such an intimate moment? Reluctantly, he turned away from Marco and snapped, “What?”

“We have to get to the train,” she said, and then started walking back down the hill.

Marco and Riley sprang into a trot to keep up with her, but held back a bit to keep their footing on the steep hill. Elizabeth set a fast pace through the trees, and she left her companions behind as she approached the path back down into the field. Therefore, Marco and Riley were alone once again for a moment before they rejoined the crowd.

“That was hot,” Marco whispered.

“Yeah,” Riley replied.

“Let’s do that again sometime.”

“Yeah.”
