Split Feelings

Author: GabeTehIncredible

*000*2011-05-03 19:34

After reading Zyrouki's Wet Note, I wrote this first chapter. It's relatively easy to see the inspired elements!

Andy and Amy Johnson walked through the door of their new foster parents' house, filled with worry, joy and apprehension. Andy was 14 and the older of the two. He was relatively tall for his age, and had dark hair and eyes. He was quite intelligent but he was never top of the class. Amy was 13. Her blonde hair, blue eyes and relative shortness for her age made Andy think she was very cute. He knew it was sick to be attracted to your own sister but he couldn't control it, no matter how hard he tried: he could not help but be attracted to her in a way he knew a brother shouldn't. Amy was particularly worried about moving into a new family; she felt comfortable in the children's home and felt out of place with her new parents. She thought it would be better, but now...

Andy jogged up the stairs to his new bedroom. It had plenty of room for his stuff, plus a computer in the corner. He had a double bed, and since he tended to spread out like a starfish in his sleep he was appreciative of this little detail. He was also glad of this because there was space underneath his bed to hid his... Things. In the depth of his luggage Andy had a skirt and tights: he was a crossdresser. As long as he could remember he had wanted to dress like a girl, and he had barely had a chance in the care home. Hopefully now time alone would be more frequent.

Their new parents were talking in the dining room to Amy, who was still worried about what she would do now, in a new family and a new school. Her new parents were fairly strict and a little odd. While they were trying their best to make her feel at home, she felt uneasy. She and her brother were taken away from their original parents when she was seven - she had suffered physical and sexual abuse ever since she was a baby, and her parents were sentenced to 15 years each - enough to see through her childhood. Andy had not been treated as badly, but had been beaten by their father fairly regularly. There had been no lasting effects with Andy, but Amy had been left with an instinctive distrust of unfamiliar adults. Her new parents were still fairly new to her and she was almost fearful of them.

Andy finished putting his clothes in his cupboard, putting his stuff out in his room and hiding his feminine side from view. Contrary to Amy, he was looking forward to putting his past behind him and turning an important page in his life. He headed downstairs to dinner, and then he and his sister went straight to bed. The day had been long, tiring and stressful.

'Andy! Andy!' Came the frantic whisper. Andy looked up dozily at his clock, which read 4:33.

'Amy, what are you playing... Oh.' Amy was standing next to his bed in tears, and her pajama bottoms were soaked. The putrid smell of urine filled the air. 'I wet the bed... I didn't know what else to do other than come and talk to you...' Whimpered Amy, who had collapsed into Andy's arms. 'It's okay,' He whispered back, 'Let's get you sorted out before mum and dad realize.' Amy led the way back to her room, and Andy couldn't help but sneak a glance at her bottom. The wetness had spread right up it and he was feeling very aroused...

Andy shook his head and snapped out of it. He pulled the sheets off Amy's bed and put them in the washing machine in the laundry room next door. He put new sheets on Amy's bed and put her pajamas in the washing machine with the sheets. As he walked into his sister's room she was naked as she had not changed into new pajamas yet. Andy turned away from her as her arms flew over her breasts and crotch to preserve at least a little dignity. Once changed she gave Andy a hug of thanks and went back to bed. Andy walked back to his room, cursing himself for being aroused by his sister's plight; she had come to him for help and he had an urge to take advantage, which he almost hated himself for. While he was thinking this a tap came on the door and Amy walked in. 'Can I come in with you?' she asked, 'I felt alone after what happened.'

Andy had said yes immediately and regretted it. Amy got in the bed and snuggled up to him. He felt so aroused, yet so terrible for feeling that way. Amy had already fallen asleep in his arms, and eventually Andy worried himself to sleep.

Andy woke up with his arms around Amy, unable to move as she was still asleep. To Andy's horror and, in an odd way, joy, one of his hands had slipped underneath her buttoned pajama top during the night and had come to rest on one of her sizable breasts. Andy knew that if he moved his hand it could wake Amy up but if he didn't she would be angry with him when she awoke. At the same time Andy was enjoying having his hand there immensely, but knew that the right thing to do was move it. As his hand left her top she awoke and groaned a tired groan.

Her bottoms were dry, much to her relief, and she got out of bed, plodding off down to breakfast. Andy, who had been feigning sleep, had all kinds of thoughts raging through his head. He felt almost nauseous that he had not moved his hand immediately and had violated his sister, who had placed trust in him only for him to take advantage. At the same time he had loved how wonderful he had felt when his hand was on her breasts and wanted more. With his feelings split, he got up out of bed and wandered out of his room, heading to breakfast with the rest of the family.

*002*2011-05-11 21:59

Andy and Amy met up after school that day, still weary after moving into their new home. Amy was still upset about last night and since this was the pair's first chance alone since then she decided to talk to Andy about it.

'Andy, about last night...' She started.

'What about it?'

'I'm worried. It... It wasn't the first time I wet the bed. It happened a couple of times a week back in the care home, and when it happened it was as heavy as it was last night, but I managed to hide it from the carers. With our new foster parents I don't know how I'll keep on hiding it. They clean our rooms so they are bound to notice sometime!'

Andy placed a reassuring hand on Amy's shoulder. 'I'm sure it'll stop. If it doesn't, then talk to them, they'll understand.'

'But what if they don't! What then?'

'They are nice people. They will.'

Andy was saddened by his sister's plight. They had been through a lot and he hated to see her upset. He was attempting to reassure her, but he knew how hard it was to make bedwetting stop - he wet every night for almost a year after moving into the care home after being completely uprooted, but saved, from the pair's parents. Amy's wetting very heavy, much heavier than his, which only made things worse. He had hated wetting and was glad to finally shake it away.

Andy was excited to be arriving home - his foster parents were out working until 6 and Amy was going to start out a new drama class at the local theatre. That meant two hours to himself - and a chance to wear his 'things'. Almost as Amy left the house again after getting changed he rushed to his room and pulled out the box where he kept the clothing, took off his trousers, and put on his skirt and tights. He loved dressing like this, and felt great when he did. He looked at himself in the mirror and giggled at the reflection. He was still standing there when he heard someone come in downstairs. With a sense of urgency he started to take off the things, but tripped over and hit his head, grunting in pain. Before he could recover, he heard his bedroom door being opened.

'Andy, what are you doing!?'

Amy was standing in his bedroom doorway, her mouth wide open at the sight of her brother in a skirt and tights. Andy curled up in a ball, unable to face her. 'Get out! Get out now!' Amy turned, shellshocked, and closed the door after her. Andy began to cry, the weight of being found out hanging heavily on his shoulders. He pulled off the skirt and tights, threw them in the box and hid them away once again. He lay down on his bed, not knowing what to do next, and praying that his sister wouldn't freak out and tell their parents.

Meanwhile, Amy sat in her room, confused about what she had just seen. He didn't tell anyone about my bedwetting, she thought. Why should I tell anyone about this? She decided to talk to Andy about it once he had calmed down a little. Amy was right in thinking that his emotions were running high, and that he'd need some time to himself.

Andy hardly spoke during dinner, and didn't even look at Amy. He spent the majority of the time looking straight down at his food - of which he ate very little that night. He was too ashamed to face up to her and too scared to talk too much to their foster parents in case she had told them. He went straight back to his room after dinner, and soon after Amy decided to go and talk to him about the afternoon's events. As she walked in Andy wiped a tear from his eye, not wanting Amy to see he had been crying. Amy sat down next to him on his bed and gave him a hug. 'What was going on earlier?' She asked, quietly. 'I just... well, enjoy it,' he replied, his voice trembling. 'I don't know why, I just do.'

'Look, you didn't tell mum and dad about the bedwetting so I won't tell them about this. While I think it's a little... Strange... It doesn't do any harm, as far as I can see.'

'But it's gonna feel really weird having you knowing I wear this stuff. Besides, what happened to your drama class? It was meant to be on until six!'

'And you think it isn't weird having you know I wet the bed sometimes? It doesn't start until next week, I was talking about it at dinner, weren't you listening?'

'I was pretty tuned out at dinner.'

'I guess.'

'Thanks for not telling, Amy.'

'I'm just doing what a good sister would do,' she smiled.

The next morning, when Andy and Amy set off for school, Amy, who hadn't been her usual self that morning, as soon as their parents were out of earshot, turned to Andy. 'I wet the bed again last night. My pajamas were soaked - I hid them in between the mattress and the bed frame,' She said. 'I'm scared, Andy! This hasn't happened two days in a row before. What's wrong with me?'

A worried look set into Andy's face. 'There's nothing wrong with you. If it does keep happening then talk to mum and dad,' He said, comfortingly, but Amy looked upset with this suggestion. 'Trust me. They can help.' Andy said firmly. Amy nodded her understanding and the pair made their way towards school. Andy had been observing how stressful life had recently been for Amy, and deduced that the bedwetting was likely from that. He just hoped, for Amy's sake, that further measures wouldn't be required, like a mattress protector, or even, in the worst circumstances, something more effective, but horribly degrading, a step he hoped Amy would not have to go to - diapers. But if the wettings stayed as heavy as they had been, Andy was worried that it may well be the only option for her.

