The Wet Note Investigation

Author: Heyaself

*000*2011-08-08 15:34

So, I've noticed that some people have taken Zryouiki's Wet Note and used it in their own fics. While reading some, I got this idea in my head. And stop snickering about the bad title. Enjoy!

NOTE: Although this takes place in a "world" where all Wet Note fics come together, it is (obviously) not canon in any other Wet Note fic. Think of it as an "alternate reality"....or something.

"Hey, didn't that girl just walk by a few seconds ago?"

"You haven't noticed? This is, like, the seventh time she's been on this street."

Going off of what those two just said, Mayu guessed that she made another wrong turn. "ARGH! This map is useless!" Mayu's day off wasn't going so well. Every Saturday, she gets a day off from her Omogami work to do whatever she wants. Thing is, there's nothing to do besides preparing for the next day of work. Music? Too noisy. Television? Bad shows on Saturdays. Video games? She finds them trivial, and they make her head hurt. Sports? Frustration and anger triggers her bladder.

However, one thing she loves to do is read. Her house practically has, or rather, had, a library inside it containing many mystery novels, from popular books to court transcripts. She had always gone there when she didn't have to work, but due to some troublemakers thinking it would be funny to set fire to her garden, the house caught ablaze and every single one of them was destroyed. All those banned novels, all those rare collectible covers, all of the stories she came up with...gone forever. Naturally, the kids who did the deed got off the hook because of "accidentally" doing it, which didn't bother her, but they were laughing about it! They didn't even apologize! It makes her really angry just to think about them, which is REALLY saying something! She's not easily angered!

Well, she's actually angered very easily. She just chooses to believe that she's a calm person even though she can get angry at the drop of a hat. (Littering IS a crime, people!) It's more of a curse than anything, due to the fact that angering her will probably cause her to run to the restroom while swearing at you. Other than being angry all the time, she's actually a nice person.

Of course, anger was about to kick in, and the first thing she was going to do was rip that stupid map to shreds. As much as she hated doing so, she had no choice. She had to ask for directions. "I'm sorry, you two, but do you know where the Aoi Investigations building is?" she asked. The two simply stared at her blankly. "Um...it's right behind us."

Confused, Mayu looked at her map again. It clearly said "Bank" on there...then she realized that the map was made 20 years ago. "...Oh...Thanks..." Clearly embarrassed, she ran into the building while the two girls tried their best not to burst out laughing.

The building itself was pitch black. Nobody could have possibly been in there. She was just about to leave and look somewhere else when a spotlight turned on, lighting up a table in the middle of the room. Behind it was Aoi, Mayu's favorite detective. She had every newspaper article she was ever in before the whole fire thing. "Are you the one who I'm interviewing today?" she said. From the sound of her voice, she seemed tired. Mayu was supposed to be there 30 minutes ago. "Yeah," Mayu said, "t-that would be me. Sorry I'm late, but I had trouble finding this place..." She had been preparing for this day for quite a while, using her free time to think of what she would say and how she would answer questions that might have been asked. Unfortunately, she'd forgotten everything she had planned to say.

"Sit down," The famous investigator said. Mayu lost her old clothes in the incident, but she had just enough money for some new ones. The ones she had on now were a blue shirt and skirt she saw on sale. After adding a tie, she figured that she looked good enough for the interview. "Mayu, is it? Why do you think you deserve this job?" Okay, after rehearsing her speech so many times, she could finally show Aoi that she was the right one for the job. "Well, Ms. Aoi, I have gathered a substantial amount of information from various sources about your current case. I believe that if I had access to some of the things that you have found, we can come much closer to finding out who's behind this."

"Interesting...first of all, I would like you to give me a summary of the case we're currently working on."

"Yes ma'am. Across the realms, important people have been wetting themselves at important occasions, leading them to do something completely different than what they were going to do. Due to the fact that the last Wet Note inspection had no entries about any of these people, you have assumed that Wet Notes have been stolen and used to do these acts. But my information leads to a different explanation. You know how when a non-Omogami touches a Wet Note, it becomes theirs? Well, as an Omogami, I can view a document that records when and how such a thing happens. It seems that this past month, an abnormal amount of Omogami have been "dropping" their Wet Note while searching for a restroom. In every occurrence, someone would pick it up and begin using it on the girls in their realm."

"It's odd, sure, but what does it have to do with the case?"

"Well, what if the person behind this is trying to get the ones who found the Note to use it for something evil?

"Um, 'something evil'? I guess, but it's a bit farfetched...and wouldn't it make more sense if the ones who found it were working together?"

"Ma'am, I've done a background check on them, and they seem like average people. They never even knew about the Wet Note prior to finding it."

"That still doesn't change the fact that you haven't shown me any evidence whatsoever to back that story up. I would've at least expected a printed document."

"Well, I had evidence, but my house sort of...caught on fire yesterday. I lost everything..."

"...You really expect me to believe that?"

"But...that's what happened!"

"So, I'm expected to believe that your house caught on fire the day before the interview."

"I'm telling you, that's what-" Mayu paused. She told herself she wouldn't get angry.

"You're wasting my time. If you have nothing to show me, please leave."

Mayu couldn't help but get angry at that remark. "What is your problem? It happened, I say! It was ON THE NEWS! I don't know WHAT your problem is, but my LIFE was IN THAT HOUSE! All of my books, my research, my artwork, and the only thing I had to remember my dead brother by! All of it was IN THAT HOUSE! You know where my house is NOW? It's GONE! And you have the nerve to tell me that NONE OF IT HAPPENED!?" Mayu regretted saying that as soon as she said it.

"Whoa, calm down!" Aoi was obviously not expecting this from the seemingly harmless girl. "Now that you mention it, I remember something about a house burning down on the news yesterday. I guess I'll just believe you until I have the time to look it up."

Mayu cooled down when she heard that. "So, do I get the job."

"I never said that. I still have a few more questions for you."

"Well, can I use a restroom first?" Mayu had gotten angry for a second, and now she was going to pay the price.

"Can you answer my questions? It would be a waste of time to not finish it."

"I don't think I can hold it."

"Look, just answer a few more questions."

Mayu was in a lot of trouble at this moment. If she held it much longer, she was going to wet herself. She could just walk off, but she really wanted this job. "Okay, just g-give me the questions reeeeaaaallly quickly please."

"Okay, do you have any experience with investigations?"

"Um....I always know who did the crime about halfway through detective novels..." She couldn't really think while focusing on her increasing bladder.

"....That's not what I meant..."

"Well, I can't-" She spurted a bit into her purple panties.

"You can't....?"

"Urgh...." She couldn't hold it much longer.

"We're not getting anywhere like this. We'll stop the interview for five minutes. Go on."

Too late. Mayu had lost control and was wetting herself in Aoi's chair.

"I don't think it matters now..." Mayu said in a joking manner. She was trying her best to make it a humorous situation, but she was on the verge of crying. There goes any chance she ever had at getting her dream job. Still, she tried to act completely calm as she finished emptying her bladder into her panties in front of her idol. "I-I'll clean this up real quick...do you have a towel?

Aoi sighed. "It's okay, I'll get the janitor to clean it up later." She pressed a button on her phone, and the lights came on. Turns out that the interview actually took place in what seemed like an abandoned bank. Did they really do their work here? "I see you don't croak under pressure. I like that. Tell you what: We'll hire you."

Mayu's Eyes widened at the sound of this. She made it? Despite her lower half being completely soaked, she was overjoyed about this, raising her fists in the air and saying, "YES!"

"Wait, you didn't let me finish. You're going to be helping with the investigation for one week. Whenever you're not working at your Omogami job, you're going to be aiding us. If you've proven yourself in a week's time, you stay. However, if you haven't done good work...." She imitated someone's head being cut off with her finger.

"Got it!" Mayu was just happy to be working. "So, do I get an office?"

"Yep. See that elevator? Take it to floor -2,and whoever is working at the counter will assign you an empty office. You might want to head to floor -7 first, though."

"Why's that?"

"That's where the showers are."

And...that's it. The wetting happened extremely quickly on purpose. The moment she gets angry, her bladder magically fills up to the top. So, thoughts?

*004*2011-08-08 21:37

{{ 

...you've got grammar errors all over the place.

}}

Ah, thanks for pointing that out. My grammar isn't that good. I think I got most of the errors, but I'm not entirely sure.

*009*2011-08-11 22:37

{{ 

If you don't mind my opinion, I would assume it's because Mayu is asking something of her, and as a death note parody, there's a certain suspension of disbelief. L and the task force weren't that freaked out upon meeting a shinigami, were they?

}}

Ah, I'm a master at forgetting stuff when it comes to details. I'm assuming that being an Omogami is just an occupation that you can aim for in the Omorealm, and different people can have different jobs. This whole chapter takes place in said realm. Considering that Wet Note is nothing like Death note aside from the note itself, I don't really have much to go by when it comes to that. This fic isn't canon in any other fics, so it doesn't really matter.

*012*2011-12-17 23:34

Well...I sort've forgot about this fic....oops.

Looking back at it, it still has some big errors. I can't fix them, but I figure it won't interfere with one's enjoyment. Hopefully my writing skill have gotten better since then.

NOTE: Sorry if there's any format issues. Notepad decided to malfunction on me while writing the last part.

Chapter 2: The Nerd

Mayu's research hadn't been going all that well. Sure, she found a few details here and there, but most of the things she found were already in the database. To be honest, she didn't feel right working with such notorious investigators. Even after Aoi gave her a second week to prove herself, no clues were in sight.

She couldn't be thinking about that right now, however; the Omogami had a job to do.

The realm she picked to meet her quota was area 354, AKA the 'uneventful realm'. Nothing ever happened there. There was no magic in sight, and people seemed to imitate the same routine they do any other day. This realm was truly a strange one. Personally, she wanted to choose area 957. The Emperor didn't allow taking a being out of its realm, but she couldn't resist tending to what the residents there called "Pokémon". The uneventful realm, however, was more important to her at the time. It had the highest record of lost wet notes this past month. The most recent ones had taken place in the United States. Thankfully, English was one of the many languages Mayu knew.

Mayu sat near the back of the school's lunchroom, trying to be as quiet as possible. The high school students were merrily chatting, unsuspecting that one of them was about to lose control. She looked around, trying to find a target that wouldn't be too embarassed by her accident. One person that caught her eye was a first year, sitting alone at an empty table. It was quite shocking, as Mayu expected someone with her looks to be quite popular.

Specifically, the girl had long, brown hair and a shirt with some sort of tank on it.

Mayu continued to switch seats while nobody was looking, working her way up to the lonely girl. Upon further inspection, the shirt had 'NEWGROUNDS' printed under the tank. Probably some sort of name-brand, Mayu guessed. She opened her backpack and pulled out a black notebook. Students tended to be the easiest targets, due to the Wet Note blending in with the environment. Suddenly, a girl decided to sit next to her.

"Hiya!" the student said in an overly loud tone. "What'cha got there?"

"....doodling." Mayu tended to play the shy card when someone tried to talk to her. She was a pretty good actor, so she could fake a lot of personalities that bore teenagers.

"Really? Lemme see, lemme see!" Before Mayu could even refuse to show her, the hyper girl snatched the note out of her hand and started flipping through it. Mayu didn't want to start shouting at her and trigger her bladder, so she did the kindest thing she could think of at the time. She bonked her on the head and snatched it back.

"Ow! You're no fun!" The girl walked away, feelings hurt. Mayu scoffed. She didn't have time for such ignorance.

Upon looking back at the lonely girl, several students started creating a circle around her.

"Well, well, if it isn't Ms. Otaku Wilson!" one of the girls remarked. "Trying to hide from us again?"

'Otaku Wilson' remained silent.

"What's wrong?" another retorted. "Watched too much anime? Do you even remember how to speak English?" The girls laughed at that remark.

"...My name is Cathy, not Otaku." She talked in a very quiet voice.

"We know that, genius," the first one continued. She seemed like the leader of the group. "I guess all those violent fighting games you play are starting to affect your brain!" More laughter.

"Jennifer, please go away..."

Jennifer responded to this by giving Cathy a hard slap on the face, nearly knocking her over. The nearby students were chuckling about it. "Why don't you make me? What're you gonna do, shoot an energy ball at me?"

Mayu tried to stay calm at the sight of that. She somehow managed to put enough money together for a pack of diapers, but she was only able to afford the cheap ones after spending most of her money on renting a hotel room.

She needed to keep her cool, for she could easily wet her diaper enough to make it leak. It wasn't going so well, however, and she could feel her anger nearing the trigger point.

Then she looked at Cathy.

The look on that girl's face was true terror. Her eyes looked into Jennifer's as if saying 'have mercy on me, please....' she'd seen that look before; that was the same look her little brother had before those burglers....

Mayu suddenly broke down. All the anger she had built up was replaced with sadness and concern for that girl. She ended up leaving the lunchroom so she could regain her composure. No matter how much therapy she went thorugh, she still thought about him every day. After drying up her tears and returning to her normal self, she knew what she had to do: embarrass Jennifer in front of everyone.

The first thing she needed to do was find out the girl's surname. English-speaking people tended to use the given name, even if the people didn't know each other. After skimming through the yearbook she ordered just for the occasion, she found a picture of the cruel mistress. Opening the Wet Note, she wrote Jennifer Smith down.

Once Mayu went back into the cafeteria, she could tell that Jennifer was already desperate, trying to get through the crowds of people wanting to talk to her. Ironically enough, she was running to the restroom that Mayu had just seen. Little did poor Jennifer know that it was out of order.

The entertained Omogami followed Jennifer out of the cafeteria and hid behind a wall. She had a feeling that

Jennifer would be too desperate to notice. Of course, the door to the broken restroom wouldn't open for her, and the only other toilet was downstairs. At that point, it seemed that she had given up and fell down. Everything was silent at first. The girl seemed to be in serious pain. After about ten seconds of Jennifer sitting still, holding her crotch, and tearing up, she suddenly gasped. The hissing noise that Mayu knew so well erupted as her ripped jeans and the floor turned a darker shade. The tearing up she was doing turned into a complete sob as the warm liquid soaked her bottom. Mayu decided to leave the school building after that in paranoia of causing suspicion.

She was hoping to have an audience see her accident, but Mayu was sure that they would notice from the look and smell.

"So that's how an Omogami works, eh?"

Mayu turned around to see her boss. Apparently, she saw the whole thing.

"Aoi!? How'd you get out of the Omorealm?"

"I got a permit from The Emperor to investigate areas one through five hundred. The most recent reports of missing

Wet Notes are coming from those realms." Aoi looked at the school. "Were you trying to get her kicked out or something?"

"Kicked out? Why would she be kicked out for wetting herself?"

"Don't the schools in this realm temporarily ban you if you don't follow directions?"

"She did follow directions, though," Mayu smirked. "The sign said 'use floor below'."

"Very funny, Mayu, but I didn't come here just to hear puns. First of all, congratulations. You're working at Aoi

Investigations from now on."

"What? Why? I didn't even find any evidence this past week."

"Mayu, this case is a lot bigger than we thought it was. The balance of all realms will flip upside down if we don't figure something out. We'll need all the help we can get right now."

"Oh...." Mayu was hoping to get the job because of her skill, but she's still happy about it.

"Either way," Aoi continued, "you're done with your job now, right?"

"Actually, I was hoping to get a few more points before-"

"This is important. Get to the conference room as soon as you can." Aoi's look became more serious, something Mayu didn't think was possible. She walked off, not waiting for Mayu to respond.

"O-Okay, just let me make sure I didn't forget anything." She checked her backpack. Everything seemed fine. All five pens, cross-realm passport, money-

"Oh...oh no...."

Aoi turned around. "What? What is it?"

"My Wet Note," Mayu grimaced, "It's gone."

Chapter 2 End

I promise you guys there will be more. Feedback is greatly appreciated!

I know, the wetting scene wasn't that good in this one, but I wanted this to be a story chapter, and not a wetting one.

Also, feel free to give character ideas. (Name, Appearance, Situation, etc.) I won't except every one, though. Not to be mean or anything, but I'm just going to pick out ones I find a really good idea.

I really hope this doesn't count as Necro'ing.

