Cydney and Chelsea

Author: ElSuave

*000*2010-08-24 04:43

First week of August - Saturday morning, 9:00am

As the warm summer breeze rolled in through the window beside her bed, Cydney stirred, rolling over with a yawn. Her head laying upon her right arm and her sandy blonde hair flowing over her pillow, she felt as though she could bask in the warmth of her velvety blankets forever.

Water was running...'Chelsea must be in the shower,' she thought lazily. Cydney slowly stripped off her covers and with a sleepy stretch, climbed out of her bed. As her tanned feet carried her to the mirror, reality began to sink in, in the form of a heavy feeling below her belly button. 'I gotta pee...' she thought, glancing into her mirror at the door across the hall. With a shiver that had nothing to do with being cold, Cydney began to brush her messy hair; her eyes on the bathroom door. "I really gotta pee...' she said aloud, though she was quite alone in the room. Chelsea's bed was not yet made. 'She must have just gone in before I woke up,' thought Cydney hopefully, 'she can't be long now.'

But for another five minutes, Cydney waited patiently on her bed, dangling her right foot over the side. By this time, she was getting desperate, and began to wince as her bladder tingled with the anticipation of relieving herself. Every morning she would awake with a full bladder, and sometimes it was all she could do to make it to the toilet in time. This morning she felt as though her poor muscles were being overworked, and so she walked over to the bathroom door and knocked hurriedly.

'Chelsea? I have to pee really badly!' She stared at her toes as she waited longingly for a reply. 'Chelsea? Please, I really have to go! Can I come in?'

'Cydney? I'm in the shower, can you hold it?' At last came her sister's reply, though it was the answer she had been dreading.

'I have to go sooo bad Chelsea, I'm about to pee myself. Please?'

'Huuh, okay, one sec." Cydney began to squirm as her bladder ached. 'Almost there,' she thought, 'I can hold it...'

'Morning!' Chelsea smiled as she opened the door a sliver to let her sister in. 'You look desperate,' she added, upon seeing Cydney's hands clenched tightly around her crotch.

'I'm going to burst!' whined Cydney as she sprinted over to the toilet. And just as she was about to sit down, her tiny bladder let go and she began to spray her hot morning pee onto the seat and into the toilet. As she peed, she stretched her pedicured toes and smiled in relief as her eyes rolled back into her head.

'Whoa Cydney!' gasped Chelsea as she stepped back into the shower, 'you reaaally had to pee!'

Cydney smiled at her sister, 'I really did, I just couldn't hold it in any longer.'

Chelsea smiled and rubbed her stomach. 'Watch this; I was saving my morning pee for the shower,' she said with a wink. As Cydney sat on the toilet, the last rush of pee dripping from her wet pussy, she watched as Chelsea opened her slender legs and spread her labia with two fingers. A thin yet strong stream of steaming pee gushed from her sister's pussy and hit the shower floor with an echoing splatter. After a minute, Chelsea shivered and her stream slowed to a dribble. She slid her finger into her pussy and rubbed her clit while slowly pulling the curtain closed. Cydney began to feel aroused as her pussy became moist. With a sly smile, she slowly opened the shower curtain once more and climbed in to join in her sister's fun.

'Your toes are so pretty Chelsea,' Cydney observed, her hungry blue eyes lingering on her sisters tanned feet. After wetting her slender body, she sat down on the shower floor and began to massage Chelsea's feet. Chelsea began to pant with a rush of sexual arousal, wiggling her toes in her sister's hands. Cydney looked up at Chelsea and began to lick and suck on her toes. Above her head, Chelsea continued to stroke her clit and clutch her nipple, and...

Fin.

*008*2010-08-25 06:16

{{: 

Wow... omorashi, urolagnia, podophilia and incest all in one.

Edit: I'm not sure the incest was a good idea to post on this site.

}}

Sorry! Good call...Change 'sisters' to 'step sisters'? Haha or just 'friends.' To be honest, the incest does nothing for me, it simply fit the story.

