Pretty Little Liars FanFic: Chapter 2

Author: freepostage

*000*2013-07-30 18:54

Here is a link to Chapter 1.

Emily was now shifting from side to side, finding herself to be more desperate than she had anticipated being. The talent night went on and Emily tried to stop focusing so much attention on her bladder and think more about the A situation, even though it was stressing her out. Emily had so much on her plate right now: finding a college she can afford without her swimming scholarship, A messing with her parents, thinking about how her relationship with her girlfriend Paige might fail if they attend different colleges. Paige's ears must have been burning because at that moment she waltzed into the Brew and walked right up to the counter, kissing Emily passionately on the mouth.

The kiss was so intense for a moment Emily stopped focusing her attention on holding her bladder and got lost in the romance. This was a mistake because the urge to pee suddenly intensified and Emily was convinced she was about to pee herself, but broke the kiss just in time to shove both hands in her crotch and double over.

"Are you okay, baby?" Paige asked, her face full of worry. Before responding Emily really noticed Paige's appearance and remarked silently how much she had changed since they met. Her chestnut brown hair was long and flat ironed straight, the gloss shining under the lights. She wore makeup now; blush up her cheeks and mascara highlighting her eyes so they looked big and doe-like. She had even become more stylish, straying away from her usual look of loose jeans and a t-shirt to a pair of black skinny jeans, black sparkly flats, and a checkerboard tank top under a black cardigan with white buttons. "Emily! Are you okay?!" Emily snapped back to reality and noticed she was still leaning forward with both hands in her crotch. Embarrassed, she removed them and relief washed over her when she only felt her need to pee increase a small bit.

"Yes, I'm fine, I just really have to pee and I don't have the key to the bathroom." Emily glanced at the bathroom door again, sighing because a toilet was just behind that door but she couldn't get inside of it to feel relief. "Oh, well can't Jen or Jenny or whatever her name is cover for you so you can go somewhere else?" Paige asked. Emily sadly shook her head. "No" she replied reluctantly "She quit today and it's only me and the new guy, who in no way can run this place himself. He doesn't know how to use the machines yet and my boss will kill me if she knows I left my post. Besides, it's getting late, I know the boutiques are all closed so I don't have very many options."

There was a moment of awkward silence while Paige smiled at Emily, both sympathizing for her situation but thinking she was really cute when she had to pee this badly. She remembers when Emily and her went camping and Emily insisted on only peeing in a proper toilet since she's too shy to pee outside. Paige camped often and had no problem squatting down in the woods, but Emily was stubborn and said she wouldn't pee until they were done camping. Paige watched her girlfriend grow more and more uncomfortable and could see the pain in her face so she suddenly had the genius idea to hold Emily down and tickle her until her need was so bad she would be forced to water the grass.

Emily shrieked and laughed, telling Paige to stop or she would wet herself, then bolted to the exit of the tent, struggling with the tent's zipper to get it down. She danced on the spot until she burst into the sunlight and didn't bother to even walk a few feet, just let loose next to the tent. Paige could clearly hear the hiss of pee as it hit the grass and was happy her lover didn't need to go anymore. Paige looked up at Emily again and could see the same pain in her face she saw at the campsite but knew this time there wasn't much she could do to help.

A few customers were clearly uncomfortable as well and after noticing that the bathroom was out of order they decided to leave. Talent night was clearing out quicker than expected, which Emily was really excited about because maybe she could close early or at least leave Collin alone when customers were gone while she found somewhere to relieve herself. Even Aria and Hannah were growing uncomfortable, feeling the coffee flow into their bladders. Neither girl was nearly as bad off as poor Emily but it sure was not a good night for the bladders of these four girls, just as A had predicted.

Someone walked in suddenly that caught the attention of all of the girls. It was Lucas, the guy who was once bullied into being on the A team and was in love with Hannah. None of the liars trusted this boy as far as they could throw him, but his presence really threw them off. He had been mostly absent for awhile and he looked very disheveled, which was not typical Lucas behavior. His normal baby face was now covered in an uneven beard and his flannel shirt was ripped. His hair was growing long and seemed dirty. For the first few moments no one even recognized him.

Emily took this moment to abandon her post (she could still see the register clearly from where she was sitting) to join the other beautiful liars while they all stared at Lucas. He stumbled in, almost seeming drunk, and gravitated toward their table. Before anyone could even greet him Lucas said "I'm here on business, not to make friends. Mona sent me, and I won't be back for awhile." He slammed a folder onto their table loudly that was full of Allison's old diary entries and strange snippets and clues, immediately recoiling from it like the folder was tainted. He staggered over to the counter and Emily stood up to make him his drink, noticing how heavy her bladder felt as she stood up. There was a bolder in her belly and she remembered her pants were unbuttoned as she walked, feeling them slide down so far that from behind just the top of her panties were peeking out.

Lucas met Emily at the register, ordered a tea, and then slipped her a bag of five pills. "What's this?" Emily asked, wary of accepting anything from Lucas, especially after she had been drugged before by him. "The same pain medication you were taking from your mother. I'm not setting you up, I'm here to help. If you want them, take them, if you don't flush them." Emily winced at the word "flush" but put the pills in the pocket of her apron anyway. She was extremely wary to take them because of all of the issues she had with abusing the medication in the past and family services looming, but her head was spinning from stress and her bladder ached. Emily's injured shoulder was also throbbing and it didn't take more than a few minutes before she decided to take two pills. Besides, she recognized what they were and the pills from a few days ago would show up in a drug test anyway, so what would it hurt?

Lucas walked out the door as quickly as he walked in, sipping his tea and disappearing into the blackness of the night. The Brew was emptying out now aside from Aria, Hannah and a group of loud jocks that never bought coffee but wanted free water the whole night. The girls were chattering about what was in the folder but were wary to go through too much information in public, especially without Spencer. Hannah complained about the closed bathroom and was starting to fidget, but poor Emily had little sympathy. The pills did seem to kick in, though, and both her shoulder and bladder felt better.

In fact, she didn't feel like she had to pee as badly and while she was sure her bladder had just as much liquid in it as before, she felt much less tense and didn't mind her need as much. Besides, it was actual closing time now so she didn't even have to close early. Emily put Collin in charge of shooing everyone out of the building and started cleaning as fast as she could. She was genuinely surprised she had lasted as long as she did without a bathroom but regretted thinking that the second she bent down to grab some new cups.

While she had forgotten about how full her bladder was, Emily's bladder certainly had not forgotten about her and when she bent forward her jeans cut into her bladder and a spurt escaped. Emily squealed and stuffed a hand into her crotch, standing up and hitting her head extremely hard on the counter top. The hit made her really dizzy and she recovered in a few seconds, still seeing stars but balancing out. Unfortunately for Emily, not only did the sound of her head hitting the counter top bring Collin running up behind her, but the force also caused her body to completely lose control of her bladder. Emily hadn't even noticed she was peeing herself until she heard the hissing sound, then looked down to see darkness start on her crotch and spread down between her legs in an uneven pattern. The warmth spread through her underwear as the pee burst from her jeans and a stream hit the floor below.

Collin watched from behind, mouth agape as his co-worker completely wet herself all over the floor. He could see the dark stain spread around her ass with little rivers spreading out in uneven directions, then race quickly down her legs to the floor. Emily's jeans were absolutely soaked and she wasn't even done relieving herself yet. She had no idea Collin was behind her so Emily succumbed to her fate and pushed the rest of her pee out with force, trying to void her overfull bladder and get the relief she so badly needed. Her bulge deflated as the urine poured out of her and a wave of relief washed over her.

The warmth spread across her crotch and Emily blushed, noticing the combination of relief, pain medication and warmth tickled her crotch and gave her a pleasurable sensation. When Emily's bladder was finally void she looked down and reluctantly noticed her jeans were completely sopping wet. How could she go home and face her parents completely wet? The puddle at her feet reminded her that she needed to continue cleaning so once Emily recovered she picked up her phone and called Paige, explaining as she blushed that she had an accident and needed to borrow a new pair of pants so she could go home.

Upon hearing Emily's voice, Collin raced into the back room and hoped Emily would never find out that he saw her accident. He was still on his two week job probation and he knew any type of fuck up could get him fired, so embarrassing his superior wasn't something he planned on doing. Besides, he couldn't blame her, his bladder had filled up over the evening too and he had discretely used an empty milk container, which was much easier for him than it would have been for Emily. He continued to clean up in the back and called out to Emily asking if she needed him out front. "No! I've got it!" Emily shouted back, panicked that Collin would catch her with completely soaked jeans. "Actually, you can go home early, you did a great job and I'm almost done. Uhm...why don't you go out the back door, I already locked the front one." Emily suggested, hoping he wouldn't argue. Collin smirked, knowing why she had instructed him to do that but obliged and quietly left.

While waiting for Paige Emily had to go again and decided she might as well just let go in her pants before Paige arrived, it really didn't matter if they were to get any wetter. Deciding it was too much work to clean the floor again, Emily just pulled an empty trash bag out of the cabinet and awkwardly squatted over it, peeing into the bag through her jeans. Once her tank felt empty she threw the bag away and waited for Paige to drop off her pants, hoping her girlfriend would understand her accident.

