Sleeping Pills

Author: G-Force

*000*2014-08-25 05:01

This is my first story here in a while, so I'm probably a little rusty. I decided to try something new, and went for a bit of a surreal story. The style's not something I'm quite sure works yet, so I'd love to hear what you guys think of it. Does the style enhance the story? Do you want to hear more? Or maybe there's something that stands out for me to improve? Let me know in the comments once you're finished the story. ^^

This is the story of a girl named Anna.

Anna was plagued with terrible insomnia. Night after night, no matter how tired she became, sleep was something that always eluded her. Having reached a point at which it became seriously detrimental to her health, with no external cause observable, her parents finally turned to a professional for medical help. Doctors recommended all sorts of sleeping pills and advanced treatments, but nothing seemed to work for more than a night or two at most. The parents insisted that a cure be found for their daughter's condition, so finally the doctor recommended an experimental relaxation drug. While the drug did have side effects, all the parents needed to hear was that they were harmless, and it was a done deal.

Willing to try anything for the first good night's rest she'd have had in months, Anna downed the recommended dose of her new pills with a glass of water, and crawled into bed.

The first night

Anna found herself lying on her back in a pool of water.

It was comfortable. Relaxing.

But where was she?

She turned her head from side to side, trying to grasp her surroundings. It seemed like the water went on forever.

Was she in an ocean?

No, there was certainly a tile floor beneath her. She refocused. Her surroundings finally started to come into view. She was in a public pool. Indoor, outdoor, she couldn't tell. It was long, rectangular, and filled with people. People minding their own business.

And there she lay. In the middle of the pool, floating on the surface of the water.

Comfortable. Relaxed.

When did she get here?

She didn't remember coming to the pool. She certainly didn't remember her usual summertime routine of changing into her swimsuit and gleefully diving into the deep end.

She definitely didn't remember changing into her swimsuit. She wasn't wearing her swimsuit.

Why?

There she lay, in the middle of the pool, floating on the surface of the water, completely nude. Nobody seemed to notice or mind. She didn't seem to mind. The surface of the water caressed her bare skin. Her arms. Her legs. Her waist. Her thighs. And everything in between. The water gently glided across her girlhood, rocking up and down with the motions of the pool.

It was comfortable. Relaxing.

Anna awoke with a start. Where was she? In her bed, of course. She remembered climbing into the sheets. Did she fall asleep? What time was it? The clock read 3:24. Surely she had fallen asleep, but why was she awake? She noticed she was panting, covered in sweat. It must have been an uneasy sleep. But there was something else, a restless feeling in her lower regions.

Several moments passed as she assessed her situation, ample time for her to regain composure. More alert, she quickly attributed the feeling she felt to a dangerously full bladder, and knew better than to ignore it. Anna leaped out of bed, her body heavy and weak, and lumbered down the hall to the bathroom. The light was already on; her parents must have forgotten to turn it off. It was convenient enough, as it guided her to her destination. In her fatigued state she neglected to close the door, though her parents were surely asleep by now so it didn't largely matter to her. She just wanted to release the weight in her bladder. With hardly a moment to spare, she quickly dropped her pajama shorts and baby-blue panties beneath them, sat down on the porcelain bowl, and relaxed.

Finally she was free to think. What disturbed her sleep so much? It couldn't have just been her bladder. She seemed to recall having a dream, but what was it about. What dream could have made her so uncomfortable? So agitated? She didn't remember. Anna sighed, wanting nothing more than to go back to bed. That is, until she realized that her bladder hadn't yet emptied. No, as she sat there, muscles relaxed, her bladder remained filled, nagging at her. Torturing her.

Fatigue struck again.

Wanting to feel her warm bed, Anna hastily accepted that her efforts for relief had failed and stood up from the toilet. Absent-mindedly leaving her panties and shorts behind, she stepped through the open door into the hallway. Again she lost focus, and found that she could no longer grasp her surroundings.

She became lightheaded, but soon her whole body became light as well, and she felt comfortable. She felt relaxed.

Looking back and forth, she tried to gather her location once again. It seemed bright. She was outside.

When did she get outside?

She didn't remember. She didn't care. Leaning back she plopped herself down on the ground, her bare bottom pressing against the grass below. Was it grass? It was soft and somewhat cold. The damp grass gently brushed against her skin, lulling and soothing her.

Legs spread, arms back, she enjoyed the comfortable atmosphere. The relaxing atmosphere.

Anna's eyes fluttered open, meeting a bright, flickering light. Where was she now? Where had she been? Her eyes adjusted to the light; she was beneath a tree. The sun shone down through the thick collection of leaves and dotted her shaded self. She looked around, and found that she was outside, in the public park near her doctor's office. She started to remember. She had been to the doctor's today to pick up her new insomnia medication. But what happened next? Hazy images flashed in her mind. She remembered being in her bed, a pool, her bathroom. Did any of that happen? She thought harder. After the visit to the doctor's her parents took her for a walk in the park. The weather was comfortable. It would be relaxing. Had she taken a moment to rest under this tree and fallen asleep? That didn't make sense. She hadn't taken the medication yet.

Anna sat up, wanting to look for where her parents had gone. The grass beneath her felt soft on her bare skin.

No, that couldn't be right.

Again she found herself nude.

Why?

Again nobody noticed. Again nobody minded. For a moment Anna's thinking became clear and this experience became lucid. She questioned her surroundings, her memories. That moment didn't last long enough for her to find any answers.

Soon fatigue returned to her and lulled her body back into its state of comfort. Of relaxation.

There Anna sat, her bare body pressed against the grass. The light shining throught the trees grew bright. She closed her eyes. Letting her arms loosen, she lied back down again. Her memories of the night slowly returned to her mind and melded together. The cool breeze and damp grass caressed her bare skin as the water did. She started to sweat, as she had in her uneasy sleep.

But she felt comfortable. Relaxed.

And again she felt that pressure she had failed to release. A full bladder. Unlike before the feeling didn't come with urgency. She simply lay there. Nude. Unmoving. Her muscles became at ease. Unhindered, her bladder emptied. The golden liquid spilled from between her lips in a gentle flow. As the weight lifted from her bladder her whole body felt light. It was bliss. For what seemed like ages and more she emptied her urine into the further-dampening grass. Its warmth contrasted with the cool breeze, but that only made it feel nicer. The stream continued, pooling beneath her bottom. Her legs. Saturating the ground below.

It was comfortable. Relaxing.

Head pounding, ears ringing, Anna awoke in her bed. The morning sun shone through a small gap in her curtains, dimly lighting her dark bedroom. For reasons she didn't understand, she felt awful. She turned over to look at the clock, barely able to keep her eyes open. It read 8:13. Throwing her head back into her ruffled pillow, she tried to ignore everything. Issues she knew where there, but was too groggy to comprehend. Her sheets were thrown across her bed. Her top had ridden up, her bottoms had slid half down. Beneath her bottom, legs, and lower back, her bed was drenched from a nighttime accident. Her girlhood and inner thighs were still wet, with more than just urine.

Anna held her head, uttering her first words of the morning.

"What happened last night?"

