Master and Servant - Page 4

Author: Sunny

*076*2015-03-25 04:42

Hey guys! Thanks so much for the compliments!

OmoHunter is correct, and that is the take on the memories that I have as well, so that's the way I'm going to try and incorporate them into the story. I'm trying to keep everyone as in character as possible, though obviously this story line is something a little 'off topic' for the Harry Potter books and movie-verse! Hermione still has some character development planned, though to be fair so does Draco!

Hope to get the next update out soon, thanks for reading!

*085*2015-05-10 04:03

Hi everyone! Sorry for being away so long (again, I swear I am the worst...) Been a lot of crazy job switching and school-things going on, but I'm putting on the finishing touches to the latest update right now! It should be up in a few hours. I felt really bad for being gone so long, so there's going to be a special bonus at the end of this chapter. Hope you guys like it and thanks for putting up with my schedule! ^_^

*092*2015-05-19 06:25

So sorry guys! My computer died while I was uploading and I had to re-write THE ENTIRE CHAPTER =_= It ended up working out okay though, I stamped out some better details and I made the bonus chapter a little longer to make up for it. Sorry for the extra long wait and I hope the bonus makes up for it!

Chapter Nine: Breaking the Rules (Hermione)

The day Hermione had shifted the rules of the game, she left the library walking in confidence. Admittedly, a touch embarrassed at first, but then she though it over. Why should she be? She was nearly fifteen, and it was a perfectly natural for her to want experimenting sexually. In fact, most of her housemates had started a bit earlier. She had to admit though, none of her immediate girlfriends had the sort of interest in the matter she had. They were more concerned about the more carnal needs, while Hermione preferred her particular kinks and fantasies. With any luck, she hoped, Draco would be more than willing to let her experiment with those as well.

She smirked faintly as she took the stairs up to her Common Room. What she had with Draco was probably the best situation any girl her age who wanted to experiment could have. No mess of a relationship to get in the way of their play time, and at this point, Hermione knew he wouldn't rat her secrets to the school. This was a game, and how could she lose?

Unfortunately, she got her answer after Halloween. It had been a bit of a whirlwind for her, really. Halloween was supposed to be a fun night for everyone. The Halloween Feast was always entertaining, something the boys looked forward to every year. And after the dinner, Hermione and Draco had plans that revolved around her wearing a muggle's witch costume in an abandoned teacher's houseroom and wetting into a plastic pumpkin candy basket. Draco had taken quite well to the idea of Muggle Halloween after Hermione explained it to him. The unfortunate thing was the announcement of the Tri-Wizard Tournament Champions. It ruined more than just the meal that had been planned.

Harry was never supposed to have been one. She knew, of course, that he never put his name in the Goblet. It was hard to convince Ron otherwise while she'd had a bladder full of countless hours of butterbeer and pumpkin juice, and truth be told, she wasn't successful. Instead of meeting Draco where she'd been told, she rushed right past him and into the girls toilets to relieve herself, just because it was the fastest, before rushing up to the Gryffindor Common Room after the ceremony had ended.

The days that followed were stressful. Ron didn't believe Harry, and Harry was angry at Ron for not standing up for him. Hermione herself was caught in the middle of it. Not to mention, the whole school thought he'd cheated his way into the tournament and felt that it took away from Cedric Diggory's victory. They were angry with him and Hermione felt obligated to be at his side, with dry panties, than with Draco in wet ones. She could see it all over Draco's face every time she glanced his direction. He was absolutely livid. But what else could she do?

Everything changed the day she and Harry came down to breakfast and everyone was giggling at him. They were wearing funny badges that changed from a banner that read “Cedric Diggory is the REAL Hogwarts Champion” and “Potter Stinks”. Chants of “Oooh you STINK Potter!” could be heard up and down the hallways and Hermione hated the way it made her best friend feel. He was low enough as it was.

“Tch, Potter, honestly,” she heard Draco drawl from behind them just after they'd sat down together, “you'd think you'd at least bathe before gracing us with your presence.” His group of Slytherins guffawed stupidly at his joke.

“Shut up, Malfoy,” Harry spat in his direction, clearly in no mood to deal with him. Hermione glared at Draco. Couldn't he tell this was sort of a delicate matter? And obviously it would upset her if he continued to press this? But then she had a thought and her stomach sunk into her shoes. Maybe that was the whole point...

“Like the badges?” Draco sneered “Took awhile to get the charm just right. I'm thinking of adding an actual odor to your STINK. Like that?”

“YOU made these?” Hermione asked, livid now herself. He smirked at her, his ice blue eyes locking on hers and it was like the entire Great Hall melted away.

“Where did you think they came from, Granger? Fall from the sky?” he said coolly.

“Of course not,” she replied in a similar tone “I'm just surprised someone as prestigious as yourself would waste time crafting a joke button like some Weasley.”

His eyes narrowed, a dark scowl turning his mouth. She'd touched a nerve, oh yes. And honestly the look was intimidating. Hermione shifted subtly on the bench.

“Wasn't your transfiguration exam score rather low? You'd think you'd take the time to study...”

“Watch your mouth,” he snarled slowly “You pathetic, filthy, disgusting little Mudblood.”

Harry had jumped up with his wand in hand, but Hermione was honestly too distracted to stop him from fighting this time. She had no idea, absolutely none, that such insults could make her so suddenly and incredibly hot. While the boys went from curses to punches to a round of detention, it occurred to Hermione that she probably had a well overdue punishment coming her way. It had been a week since she'd blown off their Halloween meeting and she hadn't met up with him since. In fact, she realized with a growing sense of dread and anticipation, she hadn't even been wetting for him. She'd broken the base rule of going to him for permission to pee.

She swallowed as Harry sat back down, disgruntled. He had broken glasses, which she quickly fixed, and a detention with Professor Snape that she couldn't do anything about.

“You really shouldn't have let him get to you,” Hermione sighed after he'd ranted.

“He called you a Mud---”

“I know, I heard him,” she sighed, “But I honestly don't care, Harry, its not a good reason for you to be fighting.”

“Well I do care and it IS a good reason!” he snapped.

He'd been touchy lately, not that she could blame him. Ron had been the same way. He grouched about needing some air and strode away from the table. Hermione sipped her pumpkin juice alone, letting it refill itself three times before she dared to glance at the Slytherin table. Draco was still giving her that dark, intimidating look. She swallowed, feeling a pulse in her ladyhood, and nibbled her lip. Draco said nothing, just gave a sharp nod toward the door. A shiver ran down her spine and she turned away. She drank down another goblet of her juice before she got up and walked out. She noticed Draco had left some time ago. He hadn't indicated anywhere to meet, but she figured it was probably the library. She turned down the corridor that headed in that direction when suddenly she felt a cool hand grabbing around her forearm and yanking her back with considerable force into a broom cupboard.

“Hey!” she started to protest, but found herself suddenly slammed against the brick wall, her mouth covered against any further noise. She made an aggravated sound but when she opened her eyes to see who had her, she stopped still. Of course. How could she have expected anything different? Draco had her held fast. His eyes were dark with desire and anger. He looked dangerous. She loved it.

“Who the bloody hell do you think you are, speaking to me like that?” he demanded, but didn't let her mouth go to answer with. She just shivered, unable to pull her eyes from his.

“Do you think I'd honestly let you get away with this? With ANY of this? You broke our rules Hermione. What do you have to say for yourself?”

He still didn't take away his hand, so she just whimpered against it, trembling faintly. He smirked and her stomach twisted in the most pleasant kind of way.

“Didn't you say you wanted to be punished?” he said, tone like silk, “I think you've earned a big one.”

Hermione whimpered again, shifted from foot to foot. It had absolutely nothing to do with the juice she drank at breakfast, but everything to do with the heat that pooled right there when he spoke to her that way. It did not go unnoticed by Draco, who only grinned in a predatory fashion.

“You're such a kinky little bitch,” he growled lowly, dipping down so he could whisper it in her ear. She whimpered against his hand, breathing coming short and fast from her nose. She knew he didn't miss the way she was breathing, or the way she'd started to squirm. Still keeping her mouth covered, he kissed the curve of her ear, making her moan against his hand. Hermione never knew such a thing could feel so good. He kissed her ear and down her neck, taking the hand that held her to the wall and slowly unbuttoning her school blouse.

She trembled, making another low sound against his hand. She'd never had anyone touch her like this and she liked it. She liked it quite a lot. He unbuttoned the blouse all the way down, smirking as he revealed a pale blue bra with small white hearts and a gentle trimming of lace. Hermione's breasts weren't large, but they weren't quite small either, and currently her nipples were straining against the fabric she wore. The look on Draco's face made her squirm again, dying to be touched.

“Do your panties match?” he asked, his tone low. Hermione nodded quickly, knees trembling. She wanted his hands on her skin, stroking and touching her in all the places she'd never before allowed anyone to do so.

“Show me.” he demanded. Her trembling hands lost no time in pulling her skirt up, legs spreading automatically. He smirked and dipped his hand inside her thighs, fingers sliding firmly against the crotch of her panties. Hermione moaned against his hand as pleasure bloomed between her legs. He chuckled darkly.

“So wet already? Horny little chit,” he purred, “But that's not the kind of wet I want.”

Draco pulled his hand away from her mouth, and most regrettably away from her thinly clothed genitals. Hermione trembled, her skirt falling back down to cover herself.

“Draco---”

He pinched her bottom lip for her mistake and she squealed, the pain making pleasure dance through her system.

“Master! I'm sorry...” she gasped and let her go.

“You've been the most disrespectful failure of a servant I have ever had,” he snarled “the LEAST you could do is address me by my appropriate title, you filthy Mudblood,” he growled. She whimpered, body responding to the insults acutely.

“I'm sorry, Master...I won't do it again...” she groaned, “Please...”

“Please what? You better be begging for a punishment, girl, because that's all you're getting,” he said sternly.

“Yes...yes, of course,” she groaned, rubbing her thighs together, “please punish me...I've been so bad to you...”

“Good start,” he smirked, “What have you done wrong?”

“I...I didn't ask permission to have a pee,” she murmured, actual shame of it making her look away from him.

“And what else?” he pressed.

“I didn't dress up for you on Halloween, like we planned...I peed in the loo instead of in the candy basket you picked out,” she mumbled, hanging her head. The more he pressed her, the more submissive she was beginning to feel. She loved the thrill of the vulnerability he was putting on her.

“And what else, Hermione?” he said, one hand reaching out to cup her breast and his thumb stroked against the nub straining against her bra.

“Ohhhhh....” she practically sang in pleasure, reaching out to cling to his shirt as her knees shook badly, “I...I don't know...That's it...”

He stroked her breast again, making her squeal.

“I think you're leaving something out,” he said with a low growl, giving the nub between his fingers a sudden pinch. Hermione cried out, pressing herself desperately into his thigh. She felt him shiver and press back against her, hard in his pants. She'd distracted him at least, and she wasn't exactly unhappy with her method. She did have something more, but she knew he'd be furious about it. It sounded like he knew, or at least suspected, but she was going to do her best to keep him from knowing. She whimpered and rocked against him, hands sliding up to cling to his shirt.

“Hermione...” she heard him say in a tight voice, pressing her back against the wall. He nudged her legs back open with his knee. She was only too happy to comply with his desire. She moaned when he squeezed her breast again, and then squealed in delight when he slipped his hand into her bra. She rocked against him needily as he rolled the pad of his thumb against her hardened nipple, his lips suckling softly against her collar bone.

“Aaahh...! M-Master, I...Master please I...want to...” she moaned, body trembling as this went on. She never knew she could feel this good. Doing it herself was nothing by comparison.

“What do you want?” he said lowly against her skin, biting down on the delicate flesh he'd purpled with his lips.

“Aaah...! Gonna....I'm so....oooohhh feels so good...” she gasped out, squirming against him. She heard him swear softly and hold her still. She wondered for a delirious moment of her movements were too much for him. He certainly looked it, all flushed and sweaty like he was. He must have needed the exact thing Hermione did.

“You wanna finish?” he asked her lowly, “You wanna come right in your panties, don't you?”

“God yes...” Hermione groaned, trying desperately to move. She was so close to it, her body taunt with desire. Just one more touch, one more movement of her hips, and she knew she'd find that pleasure she was seeking so badly.

“No.”

The word was crushing. She looked at Draco incredulously, entirely beside herself. Didn't he need it too?! She could feel him in his pants, pulsing hot and hard with need. Certainly, he needed even worse than she did!

“You've been a very bad girl, remember?” he said, with a sick smile, “You won't even tell me all the rules you broke.”

“I will!” she groaned, trying to move again, “Please, Master, I'll tell...I'll tell!”

Draco smiled and lightly trailed his finger over the little bruise on her collar bone that he made. She shivered at the touch. The spot was too tender, making heat coil desperately between her legs, but nothing more.

“Gaaah! I wet myself!” Hermione burst out of desperation for touch, “Nnn...It was an accident, for real, I swear...”

Again, he strummed a finger lightly over his mark on her, making her groan, but it wouldn't give her the pleasurable release she craved so badly.

“I didn't mean to...I couldn't hold it...” she groaned, but he still only teased her body.

“Tell me.” he demanded, caressing her skin.

“Nnn...I was studying in the library....about the tournament and....and I'd been drinking too much...I didn't realize I had to go so bad...It just suddenly started coming out while I was reading...”

“Go on,” he murmured, his fingers stroking down her chest to her stomach. She moaned softly, arching in pleasure into his hand.

“I...I tried to hurry and go to the loo but...”

“But?” he pressed.

“Madam Pince...I had a lot of books out and...she made me go put them back...” Hermione swallowed, flushing brightly at the memory, “I couldn't hold it anymore...”

Hermione trembled, finished with her story, looking up at Draco. His eyes were still hard, but darkened with desire. He was also scowling.

“So, Little Miss Granger can't tell when she has to go potty, eh?” he growled out, making her tremble all the more, “maybe you need a little bit more training?”

“Master, please, I can tell...”

“But you ignore it. And you don't come get me until you're practically wetting already.”

“I'm sorry Master,” she groaned, “I'll try better, I'll be good...s-so please...I...I want to finish...”

“Oh, you'll finish,” he grinned, stepping away from her, “but not now.”

“Noooo, Master please...oohhh I want it so bad...” she protested, her hand pressing against the front of her skirt. Draco snatched it away and forced her to look at him.

“No. No orgasms for you, not without me saying so. And you're going to drink all day long, you hear me? You aren't going to pee until after dinner. No leaking. No sneaking off to relieve yourself. And if you come to me at any point in the day with wet panties, you're going to regret it, you understand me?!”

His hold on her was firm, his tone even more so. Hermione quivered, feeling crushed, but nodded. She already was starting to feel all the pumpkin juice from that morning. She wasn't sure she could make it to after dinner without a little bit of relief.

“Master...?” she questioned weakly.

“Yes?” he responded with a light irritation.

“I had a lot of pumpkin juice with breakfast...”

“I saw.”

“And I haven't peed this morning yet...Can I...please, can I go pee? Before we start? I don't know if I can make it all day without it...” she begged, shifting her weight. Being so turned on made her need a potty break even more than normal, so the pumpkin juice she drank was quickly going through her. She was sure she wouldn't be able to last the day and keep her panties dry if she didn't empty her bladder now. Luckily for her, Draco seemed to consider this. He glanced around the room while Hermione swayed her hips impatiently. Her desire was starting to ebb away, giving reign to the growing need to pee. All Draco's touching had distracted her from relieving her bladder.

“Hmm...I'll allow it,” he mused, “just because I am a kind and generous master, even when you treat me terribly for a servant.”

“I'm sorry Master,” Hermione said, head bowed in guilt, “thank you...” She started to lift up her skirt, but Draco stopped her again.

“I said dry panties, remember? And find yourself a container first. Until you've proven to me that you can control yourself, no more peeing on the floor.”

Hermione nodded, though kept the feeling of dread off her face. Most of the time when she wet for Draco, she could barely wait for his permission before she started peeing uncontrollably. Now, she'd have to wait for his permission to find somewhere or something proper to relieve herself. And with her no leak rule and non stop drinking today, she was going to have a hard time of it indeed.

Her eyes fell upon a small wash bucket in the broom cupboard they were hiding in. She picked it up and glanced at Draco for approval. He gave it, grinning, and leaned back against the wall. Hermione blushed as she watched his pale hand slide to the front of his trousers, rubbing his hardness for a few moments while she set her bucket down.

“Panties down, remember,” he reminded as his hand popped the button on his pants. Hermione blushed, wanting to look away but found herself transfixed. She swallowed hard as she hiked up her skirt. She'd never shown him this part of herself. The few times he asked her for her panties, she'd had her skirt down to cover up with. She hesitated, but then she felt a sudden pang of need. If she changed her mind about getting her chance at relief now before they started their rules for the day, she'd lose. She'd wet herself for sure and Draco would take his punishment up to the next level.

She exhaled slowly and hooked her thumbs into the sides of her panties, blushing as she slid them down. She caught Draco's eye and all his attention was on her body, making her swallow nervously before looking away. She knew she had nothing really to be worried or embarrassed about. She liked to keep herself hairless and in good health. She slipped her panties down to her ankles and stepped out of them on one side, squatting over the bucket.

“Master, may I....” she began, glancing over at Draco once more. Her breath caught in her throat at the sight of him. He'd unzipped his pants and had his manhood in hand. Hermione had never seen a penis before, and certainly not one in full erect as he was. Blood bloomed in her face as she watched him stroke himself. Her mouth went quite dry indeed.

“Well?” he chastised, apparently completely un-bothered that she was watching him pleasure himself, “are you going to have a pee or not?”

Hermione blushed and looked away. Having him so near and so openly giving into his desires was making her a little bit shy. He was really going to get off by watching her piss in a bucket. She knew he got himself off by watching her, but she'd never seen him do it before. She tried to shake the thoughts away and have her pee, before he changed his mind. She spread her legs a little further and tried to relax. Her body responded slowly, so she could feel her urine travel down to her hole. She wasn't feeling very desperate just yet and trying to force herself to pee was quite a bit different than trying to force herself to wait.

A thin trickle of pee warmed her center and began to drip down into the bucket with a loud plunking sound. Draco moaned in pleasure, distracting her, and her muscles clenched right up again, cutting off the stream. She found it hurt a little and she squirmed.

“Why aren't you going?” Draco grumbled.

“I'm sorry I...I'm trying...” she murmured, relaxing herself again. She could feel her need and wanted to act on it, but her muscles wouldn't unclench enough. She got a few more streams to splash into her bucket, but every time he made a noise, she tightened right back up with a whimper. Now that she was trying to pee, she felt like it had to come out right then. Physically not able to do it just made it worse.

“Nnn...Draco I...I can't pee...” she finally whimpered in distress.

“Maybe you don't have to go all that bad,” he groaned, almost conversationally as he moved his hand.

“No I...It won't come out...and I really need to...” she pouted over at him, eyes focusing on his moving hand. Desire curled in her stomach as she watched his work and a sudden stream of pee took her by surprise so that she let out a groan of her own.

“Oh? So you like watching too, eh?” Draco teased her when he noticed. She blushed, but looked at him boldly, pee dribbling out into her bucket. To her surprise, she found him blush and look away from her, eyes closing as his hand picked up speed. She liked the way his eyes screwed tight, and the way he bit down on his lip to fight a moan, but couldn't completely contain it. It looked like it felt so, so good...A sudden rush of heat filled her womanhood and she let out a sigh as she was suddenly peeing full force into the bucket. The hiss echoed in the small room, but even more so did her stream splashing into the metal bucket.

“Aaaaaahhhh....” Hermione gasped, eyes shutting. She hadn't realized how badly she really did have to go. Forgetting to relieve herself in the morning and drinking too much juice would have definitely done her in. Maybe there was some truth to what Draco had said, maybe she did need a little bit of toilet training. She opened her eyes again as he stream died down, her attention brought to Draco and the noises he was making. Suddenly, he hitched his hips into his hand with a low sound as he found his final pleasure. She flushed at the way he shook as his juices dripped from his hand to the stone floor. He'd made a bit of a mess of his trousers too and she smirked a little bit. It was almost....vulnerable looking. She liked that.

“That looked like it felt better for you than for me,” she said smartly as she pulled up her panties. Draco just slowed his breathing as he leaned up against the wall. He took a minute, before cleaning himself up and fixing up his clothing.

“I dunno about that,” he managed to smirk with his pleasure flushed face as he glanced at her half full bucket. She blushed a little and started buttoning up her top. She really did need to pay more attention. She'd stopped as they started playing their game, giving her needs over to Draco entirely. How was she supposed to know when to pee if her master didn't tell her? Honestly, she preferred that method than to holding it until she had an accident.

The first bell rang for class and Hermione headed toward the door.

“Not till after dinner,” he reminded “And no wet panties.”

Hermione nodded and left the small room, praying he wouldn't forget her other needs after dinner too.

BONUS: A Puddle on the Library Floor (Hermione)

Hermione Granger was sitting in the back corner table with six different books piled around her, some open, some not, and she was very lucky it wasn't very busy in the library that night. She could not stop moving for the life of her, unable to even hide the seated potty-dance she was performing. She gripped herself tight, rocking into her hand for pressure as she turned the page of the book she was reading. As far as she could reason, the Goblet itself was a very old, very ancient magical object who's contracts are binding, even more severely so than the Unbreakable Vow. Now, if she could only figure out how Harry was somehow entered into the contract for the tournament...

To be fair, she'd felt the need steadily growing for the last four and a half hours, ever since first came into the library. The was no way to avoid it any longer. Hermione had to pee. Now. But her needs were not important to her at the moment. She'd spent since before dinner looking up anything and everything she could get her hands on about the Triwizard Tournament, especially the Goblet of Fire. It had been two days since Harry's name flew out of it as a fourth champion. That alone should have been impossible, and she was going to figure out why. Yet, her bladder was having none of that.

She set that book aside with a sigh and reached for another when a sudden pang of desperation made her gasp. She darted her second hand between her legs, crossing them together as she held herself for all it was worth. Need to release her bladder pounded in her lower stomach, each pulse more powerful than the last. Hermione whimpered, shaking in her seat. Ohhh....I didn't think it was this bad yet...she thought in mild fear. She glanced up, face flushed and sweaty from her hold. There were a couple of students milling about the shelves, but none were paying her any mind.

She swallowed, glancing back down at her books. The desperation had subsided, for a moment. I'm okay...I can hold it awhile longer, I need to figure out how the Goblet was able to get a hold of Harry's name...focus Hermione! She took a shallow breath and shifted in her seat, one leg bouncing as her hand fixed itself in a tight, permanent hold between her legs. She grabbed the other book and pulled it close, flipping to the section about magical contracts.

It wasn't a particularly thrilling read. Often, Hermione's mind drifted back to her bladder and she was finding it hard to focus on anything on the pages. This is information that could be potentially life-saving...focus...you do not have to pee, Hermione Granger, you do not have to pee...She thought, though her body trembled as she read a passage about altering magical contracts for negotiation purposes. Now THAT was something she could work with, for Harry's case especially. Her focus shifted quickly as her brain connected the dots between certain spell types and artifacts, hoping to gain some insight at least as to how he was entered into the tournament in the first place.

Over the next thirty minutes, she got so involved that her bladder was forgotten entirely. She even removed her hand from where it was helping her hold, in favor of bringing her book closer as she searched for a second one to provide further insight to enchanted artifacts versus contract spells. I see! So the Goblet, being an object, would have no way to be broken...so it would have had to have been altered...the spell to alter the contract like that would have to be powerful....where did that other book go...the Goblet has been used for this specific tournament since 1294....and re-cast with the age law this year...so I guess altering it once more for Harry wouldn't have been too hard, if the initial barrier was already broken...I wonder if---

Hermione gasped aloud, her train of thought cut off by a sudden burst of liquid heat from her girlhood. She sat there, frozen, for several seconds as her stream of urine soaked her mint green and baby blue checkered panties, completely unable to move. She hadn't even felt the pangs of desperation, having been reading far too intently for them, but the sudden alleviation of her bladder felt so, so good. The warmth of her pee pooling around her butt and soaking through her skirt pulled her out of her haze of relief. She bit her lip against a loud whimpering noise and shoved both hands between her legs, holding herself as tight as she could.

Seemingly in protest, she felt another torrent rush against her hands, the front of her skirt just as wet as the back. She groaned quietly, leaning forward as she crossed her shaking legs. For a moment, it was no use. Her water still came, running down the backs of her calves and off the sides of her chair to splatter quietly on the stone below her table. She was torn, her body pulsing with waves of agonizing desperation and then almost equally agonizing relief.

For a moment, she considered giving up and completely letting go, but then her stream weakened, muscles gaining strength. She bounced in her seat, soundless pleas to her body to hold for just another few moments forming on her lips. Her stream died to a mere trickle, dribbling lightly a few times before stopping. Hermione felt like she was teetering on the edge of a blade. She'd let out so much, yet she was still so fully. Too full. And any moment her body was going to completely empty. She trembled, knowing she had only minutes, and dared to move one hand away from her crotch to grab her wand. She paid the price for the lack of pressure with a small spurt of pee, making her giving a light whine.

Okay...okay first...first clean up, Hermione thought to herself, breathing shakily, clean up...and then stand up...the toilet is just out the door and to the left...you can make it...

And she knew that, if she couldn't, much closer to the library door was a suit of armor with quite a bit of space behind it. She could go right there...

Hermione whimpered as a sudden, slightly larger, burst of pee escaped when she thought of weeing behind the suit. She swallowed and aimed her wand. Her wrist shook as she wordlessly cleaned up the spot on the floor and the chair. She couldn't manage to do her skirt or her panties, but the skirt was a dark color and she hoped that if she was quick enough, she could get away with it. She put her wand away, one hand stuck permanently between her legs, and looked up to survey her next challenge. The library wasn't busy, but it wasn't empty either. She couldn't let other students see her run for the door with her hand where it was. And for that matter, she couldn't run either, not if she was to make it without wetting in front of everyone. Hermione closed her eyes, flushing at the embarrassment of just the thought alone, and then took a breath.

She moved her hand away and was immediately hit with a hard pulse of sheer desperation. She grit her teeth, clenching her muscles hard and pulling her legs together tightly. She trembled, not daring to move or breathe as her body adjusted. Ohhhhh....! I have to wee! I have to wee so bad!!!! Nnnnnn...Its...its fine...I can do this. I can...

Gradually, the pressure began to ease and she felt a little more comfortable without her hands to help her. She knew standing up would come next and be even harder. Slowly, she pushed back in her chair, the minor jostling nearly causing her to leak. Once she'd regained herself, she very hesitantly shifted her weight to her feet and then rolled gently to a stand.

“Nnnnnn!” Hermione groaned aloud, immediately doubling over with one hand braced on the table, the other between her legs, quickly and tightly crossing them again. The pressure was bad, so, so bad. It was worse than anything she'd ever felt before, even with Draco's potions. She glanced up, looking around, praying no one was paying her back corner any attention. Thankfully, they were not, but she couldn't move and eventually someone would notice the strange posture. Hermione swallowed, knowing she only had one option; she had to let some out. The realization made her flush, her mind in complete protest while her body begged for it eagerly. But, there was no way she was going to be able to stand upright without losing control completely if she didn't, and the few scattered students would definitely notice that.

Hermione took a shallow breath, giving another good glance around to ensure she wasn't being watched, and then relaxed. The effect was immediate. Urine burst forth, hot hand fast against the hand that she didn't bother to move. It re-soaked through the front of her skirt and spilled down her crossed legs.

“Ahhhhhh.....” she sighed quietly in relief, head drooping forward as she closed her eyes, unable to contain the noise. This feels so good...she thought, trembling with pleasure from passing her water. But she had to stop. She'd already let out much too much and now there was pee soaking her knee high socks and dribbling onto her shoes. She'd made another small puddle to clean as well, but she felt it well worth it. Slowly, dancing, she forced her body to hold again and it was not happy. Logically, she knew she let out quite a bit, but her bladder wanted to void it all. She grabbed her wand again, shakily drying her socks and shoes and tiny puddle. At least now she could hurry out and go pee, though she knew the toilets weren't going to be an option. Hopefully no one walking by would notice her behind the suit of armor with her skirt up...

She grabbed her bag and started taking a few careful steps around the table when a sudden hand on her shoulder jarred her, and her bladder. She jumped, making a noise of surprise as her bladder gave a sudden spurt.

“Miss Granger, what on Earth do you think you are doing?” Madam Pince demanded, pushing her spectacles up her nose with her free hand. Hermione shook, though not out of fear for the school's librarian.

“Please let me go Madam Pince, I have to--” she began, skipping everything and going straight to begging, but the crone had none of it.

“You have to put away your books is what you have to do,” she said in a matter of fact tone.

“I will,” Hermione pleaded, “I'll be right back, I just have to---”

“No excuses Miss Granger! Honestly, I expect more from you! Clean up and then you can leave.”

She released her shoulder and Hermione trembled on the spot, legs pressed tight together but not crossed. She was already so wet, her body on the verge of finishing its release. She was so close to being able to do it. Her body gave a violent pulse of desperation as she watched Madam Pince walk away. Her body was going to do it, going to release whether she was ready for it or not. Her stomach churned as Hermione swallowed a sickening feeling: she was going pee in the library. Tears burned her eyes as she felt a few streams of pee escape her, running down her inner thighs, as she accepted her fate. She was going to pee in the library.

Vision blurring, she knew she had to do what she could to make the best of the situation she found herself in. She grabbed two of her six books and headed quickly, spurts of pee heating her panties with every step, toward the nearest towering shelf.

Please let no one be in the history section, please, please, please, please, please....

Even with her silent begging, even if there had been someone there, Hermione could barely keep herself together long enough to get behind it. She'd just stepped out of plain view when her floodgates opened, causing a relief so grand her knees went out from under her. She dropped to the floor, legs splayed, holding the books to her chest as her bladder emptied right then and there. A glistening puddle grew on the stone around her, spanning the entire isle. She voided for nearly two entire minutes, eyes closed and neck arched back in pleasure. Hermione peed with a loud, audible hiss as her stream splashed straight onto the floor under her skirt.

It slowed and then ended in gentle dribbles as she finished, making Hermione feel a little dizzy as she gingerly stood from the floor. There wasn't a dry spot on her lower body at all by the time she had finished, she observed as she looked down at herself. Her puddle was truly impressive, to the point where she was nearly proud of it. She licked her lips, finally glancing around just to make sure she hadn't just given anyone one a show. Alone. She sighed in relief and set her books on a nearby shelf with trembling hands. She reached for her wand and it was only then did she remember that she left it back at the table...

