Mornings with Stan (American Dad)

Author: Marin

*000*2012-06-06 10:25

The sun rose in the horizon through all the bedroom windows. The birds woke up to the birth of a new day and began to sing for it... until Stan woke up. The orchestra started playing in the front yard again, cuing Stan to start singing. “Good morning, U.S..A!” He sang. The sudden blaring of the instruments woke up the whole family. “I have a feeling it’s gonna be a won-derful day!” Francine groaned in her bed next to him when he sprang up to start his musical routein.

“Oh my God, Dad! Shut up!” Steve snapped from his room, burying his head in his pillow. Hayley grabbed her slipper and dragged her feet towards the window. She was still in her black panties with frilly, flowery strips and a pink night shirt. “Shut the hell up!!” She shouted out her window at the band as she through the slipper at them. She missed one of the band members by a hair and hit a nerdy kid on the street who stayed to watch the show. She hit him right on the head and knocked him out, causing him to spill his bottle of water on a band member’s shirt, getting her breasts wet. As soon as he woke up, she dropped her trumpet and ran over to slap him across the face and he ran off crying while she tried to dry off her shirt.

“The family alien Roger, meanwhile, watched from his window laughing and pointing with one hand, holding a foam finger in the other. A tomato pierced his eye and his laughter turned into crying as he ran off, rubbing his eye.

“Stan!” Francine tried while he danced out the door. “STAN!” No response. Hayley stuck a peace sign sticky note on his back on his way out the door, in time for Francine to take it off. “Mom!” Hayley complained.

“A sticky note with a peace sign? You’ll have to do better than that if you really wanna get revenge!” She perked.

Later that morning, Francine got a call from the prison cell. “Honey?”

“Yes dear!” She smiled as she waited for the obvious news.

“Can you bail me out again?” Roger the space alien handed Francine a check to bail him out and a paddle as she listened to this man’s testimony.

“Yes dear I’ll be right over!” She replied lovingly.

“Oh, and, could you not paddle me this time?”

“Of course dear!”

“Really, ‘cause last time you said that you paddled me anyway!” He whined.

“I promise I won’t paddle you this time deary, just promise me you won’t drive on school campus and hit the flagpole any more okay?”

“Okay. Thanks Francine. I owe you one.”

“No problem! See you in a bit!” She hung up and smacked the paddle in her hand with a worriers face. “Give it to him Francine!!” The intergalactic American Roger cheered her on, raising his foam finger in the air as she went out the door. Her heard the sound of a bucket of water tumbling on the ground and splashing water all over the ground. “ROGER!!” She bellared as he ran up the stairs laughing.

Meanwhile Hayley was shopping with her friends at the mall. “Look at that cute lipstick!” She pointed at a hello kitty themed lip stick with sparkly, pink inside. She and her friends all agreed it was too babyish, as cute as it was. The continued through the mall and browsed at different things. They stopped at the subway for a bite and ordered drinks. They dared each other to order extra hallopinios on their subs, and it was so. They ordered five big sodas to wash it down.

Hayley ordered the five dollar cold cut combo, her friend Violet ordered a filly cheese steak sandwich and her other friend Stacey wanted the BLT. They braced themselves for spicy impact as they simotaniously took the first bite of their sandwich. The Hallopinios started out okay, but they hurt real fast. The three of them chugged their sodas to relive the spice. “Damn those Halopinos are hot!” Stacey exclaimed, chugging all most a quarter of her soda. Hayley fanned her mouth off and drank relentlessly from her coke. The girls slowly worked their sandwiches, going through their third cup of pop.

Francine was on the highway on her way to the prison where her beloved husband was. She watched the endless yellow lines pass her by, disappearing under her window. She checked her watch, and she checked the mile marks that were placed along the road. She had a way’s to go. Her minor need for the bathroom really started to irritate her. She tapped her foot and fiddled with her fingers on the wheel constantly. She shifted her legs slightly in her seat. She bobbed her right leg up and down anciously. “I just hope we don’t have a wreck or something.” She said to herself. Suddenly the traffic slowed to a stop and she saw smoke up ahead. “Awe!” She whined. “Not now!” She crossed her legs for comfort. “Why can’t I go shopping with my friends instead of seeing my husband to smack him on the head? I wonder how he’s doing.”

Stan was peeing in his toilet, which was openly placed by the prison bars. He laid back in his hard bed to await his wife. Suddenly he broke out in song and the band started playing for him. “When-you’re-all alone.

And the copper’s got that tone,

Saying ‘you’re release is post poned.’

There’s only one thing, left to do.”He got all the other prisoners to bob their heads to the rythem, and soon they all started singing together in the jail. “You’ve got to sing-it-out!” The prisoners got up on the table and put on a show for the police men, dancing and singing as they knock stuff off of it.

Francine sat squirming in her seat and fidgeting while she waited for the police officers to take care of things up front. She shifted her legs, wriggled and fidgeted like a child waiting in the car for a gas station. “Oooooh! Hurry UP, I gatta go to the bathroom!” She groaned, clenching her teeth and grabbing her crotch. She bounced up and down in her seat with anxiety while the cops up front took their time inspecting the driver. Apparently he was shipping drugs in his car and the police got a warrent to search him. She waited like that for another twenty minutes and the police men were still there. “Damn it! How many police officers does it take to screw in a light bulb?!” She had her legs double crossed as she rocked back and forth. “At least Hayley’s having fun.” She sighed.

“Shit! Why did we drink all those sodas?!” Hayley whined, regretting the challenge they had for each other earlier with the spicy sandwiches. They stood in the middle of the story with their shaky knees bent inward and both hands in their crotch hopping from foot to foot looking for a bathroom. Unfortunately they were lost. “Where’s the damn bathroom in this place?!” Violet growled through her teeth with desperation, bending slightly forwards and bobbing up and down in place. “There must be a bathroom around here somewhere!” Stacy commented as calmly as she could, drizzling a bit in her pants.

She wore really short shorts and a blue t-shirt. Violet wore a pink, frilly dress that dropped just far enough to conceal her panties. Hayley wore her usual jeans, belt, grey shirt and green bandana. Her hair was black and slick as always, dropping down below her shoulder blades. Violet was a red head and Stacey had blonde hair with blue eyes.

“Excuse me sir!” Violet tapped a stranger on the shoulder. “Can you tell us were the bathroom is?” She asked sweetly, shaking violently. The stranger gazed at these three girls state off being for a breife moment, then pointed towards the bathrooms. “Thank you!” They hobbled over to the restrooms. Their bladders felt so tight they were ready to pop. It pressed hard against the lips of their vagina as they attempted to walk. A couple long spurts escaped Hayley’s lips and slurped into her panties along the way. By the time they got over to the bathroom, they saw an “out of order” sign on the door. “FFFF…

Francine had her hand jammed in her crotch. She shivered in desperation as her legs and forehead dripped in sweat. Her butt squirmed so hard in her seat she looked like she had fire ants in her pants. The pressure in her bladder pressed murcelessly, relentlessly at her fragile vagina. Francine let out a sharp gasp as the first short stream escaped her bladder. She pressed harder to maintain control, but to hardly any prevail. Finally the cars started moving again.

“FINALLY!” She shouted, though it hardly seemed to matter now. There was no way she could make it to the bath room in time. As she drove on for another hour and a half, her strength and will slowly faded and she let out longer and longer streams of pee. With several miles to go, she was making a wet spot on her pink dress that fell just below her knees. Her face burned red as her eyes got moist. She simply couldn’t contain her contents anymore. Francine’s bladder finally forced the urine past her lips and through her dress.

The flow began. Her bladder spilt all over the seat of the car while the pee crawled up her butt crack. She attempted desperately to regain control, but it was too late. The wet spot crawled up the back of her dress as urine pooled into the seat and dripped off the sides. Her white panties with a frilly band was ruined. The wet spot crawled all the way up her crotch and back side, leaving a darker white, slightly yellow stain. She sat in her own pee that collected in her leather seat for the rest of the trip, groaning.

Hayley, Violet and Stacy waited in a long lineup for the restrooms. They shifted their wait from foot to foot, bounced, doubled over, squirmed, moaned, groaned and shivered for everything it was worth. They paced back and forth in line trying not to wet themselves just yet. Some more pee seeped through Violet’s clit as she squirmed violently. They were only half way through the line. A slow, gradual urination leaked out of Stacey as she squeezed hard to regain control, but the flow overtook her and her short shorts grew dark quick. Her will faded completely while her thick streams of pee ran down her legs, flooded her shorts and her shoes and splattered onto the floor.

The puddle grew massive under Violet and Stacy. The sight of this caused Hayley’s to lose it. She was next in line, right in front of the bathroom door when she kept dripping and spilling into her pants. Her wet spot crawled out to the size of a baseball. In a sudden, impulse her pee jet powerfully against the fabric of her pants. She pressed her knees inwards and squirmed hard with her hands rammed in her crotch. The door finally opened.

“FINALLY!” She cried for sweet relief, but number one, she couldn’t remove her hands, and two, she couldn’t remove her belt. “What do I do.” She cried to herself. After a time, her vagina gave up and the full contents rushed through her jeans and drizzled everywhere. She had an accident right in front of the toilet. It became a water fall of pee pouring from her bladder. Hayley had her legs pressed hard inward as waves of pee rand down her pants and flooded them, flooded the bathroom floor, flooded her shoes and drenched her socks. She tried to take off her belt and finnish before the wetness fell all the way down her pants, but it was stuck. She jet through her pants just trying to take her dripping wet pants off. They were shiny from pee stain. Her puddle creeped out from under the door crack.

To be continued… maybe!

*004*2013-03-03 23:07

{{: 

That's the most interesting spelling of 'jalapeños' I have ever seen. Sorry, I just had to comment on that lol

Pretty good story, though it was a little all over the place. I would have liked to see a little more desperation, but not bad overall!

}}

All over the place? Well, I was trying to preserve the integrity and the humorous feel of the actual show so sorry if it was hard to follow or anything.

*006*2013-03-04 09:35

Thank you! ^_^

*009*2013-03-19 07:10

No. :D But I am currently working on a graphic interactive story called "Road Trip." It's a slow process but it's going.

