Asking For Help

Author: mourn365

*000*2024-02-28 19:20

“Your laptop?” Lily questioned.

“In my backpack.” Jess responded.

“My exercise equipment?”

“In the trunk.”

“The toothbrushes?”

“They’re like, five dollars; why do you care?”

“Where are the toothbrushes, Jess?” Lily said, annoyed.

Jess rolled her eyes. “In your backpack.”

“Okay, we can head off now.”

“Finally. I thought you’d be going through that list forever.” Jess rolled her wheelchair to the door of the passenger seat. She looked around at the old apartment building the two had lived in for the past three years.

“Thinking about the good times here?”

“Nah. Mostly about the nosy neighbours, appliances falling apart, and the elevator being broken half the time, making me have to ask you or a concierge for help up the stairs.”

“You know I don’t mind helping you reach places that are hard for you.”

“Yeah, but it doesn’t make it any less embarrassing.”

Lily giggled. “So you regret choosing to spend your college years here?”

“Well, if I didn’t, I wouldn’t have met you, so… it was worth it, I guess.”

“Wow, such a romantic.” The taller girl bent over and kissed Jess on the cheek, making her blush.

Jess stared into Lily’s bright blue eyes briefly before finally responding. “You know me.” She reached up to the seat’s headrest. Lily offered her hand. “I’m alright, babe. Just put my wheelchair in the back, please.

“Alright then.” Lily did as Jess asked. As she did, Jess grabbed the headrest, pulled herself up onto the seat and pulled her legs in. She closed the door, and Lily hopped in from the other side. “Are we… forgetting anything? It feels like we are.”

“That’s your worrywart side talking. C’mon, let’s leave this shithole behind and move on to our new lives!”

Lily gulped and took a deep breath. “Yeah, you're right.” She inserted the key and started the engine. “Goodbye, crappy apartment, hello, new lives.”

“WOOOOOOOO!” Jess shouted as the car pulled out of its parking space, making Lily giggle. “Goodbye, college. I will not miss you!”

After a few minutes, Lily drove out of the town and onto the highway. Jess’s eyes wandered outside the car as she did, leaning her head against the window. The blonde girl’s mind drifted off, and she closed her eyes. She drifted to sleep, letting the sound around her fade out.

After what didn’t feel like long, she felt a big bump on the road, startling her awake. Lily looked over and laughed. “You were drooling, you know.”

Jess wiped the liquid off her face and groaned. “How long was I out?”

“An hour.”

“What!? I took all that coffee specifically so I wouldn’t fall asleep!”

Lily laughed. “It’s fine, honey. The sound of your snoring was more than enough to keep me company.”

Jess blushed. “Aw, man. I really gotta get better sleeping habits now we’ll be sleeping in the same bed.” She ruffled her hair a bit. As she did, she realized something: she had to pee. “All that damn coffee…” The blonde girl muttered to herself.

“You good?” Her girlfriend asked, a look of concern on her face.

“Yeah, just, uh, when are we stopping?”

“Don’t worry, I already stopped when you were asleep. I got your favourite chip brand!” Lily threw the chips to the other side of the car, landing on Jess’ lap.

“Ah. Thanks.” Jess gulped.

“Is something wrong?”

“No, it’s just…” She fiddled with her fingers nervously. “I kinda have to pee.”

Lily suddenly facepalmed herself. “That’s what I forgot! We never went to the bathroom before we left!” Jess rolled her eyes. “Anyways, are you alright?”

“It’s fine, only half an hour, right?”

“Uh, yeah, but I can stop again if you need to go that bad. Are you sure you're fine?”

“I’m fine, really.” Jess admittedly did have to go quite bad, but she didn’t want to interrupt their ride when they had already stopped.

“Okay, if you say so. We’ll get to Solaville soon, so just hang on a little longer.”

As it turned out, “a little longer” felt pretty damn long when you’re desperate for relief. Jess, looking for a distraction from her aching bladder, opened her phone, hoping to doom-scroll her way to their new house. Unfortunately, none of her apps loaded, and all came up with a “No internet connection” message. Groaning, she closed her phone and just stared out the window, hand in crotch. Her nails sank into her skin, reminding her she should probably cut them.

A few minutes later, she started squirming side to side, face blushing from having to be so obvious with her holding. Luckily, her girlfriend had not commented on it yet, though Jess could feel her eyes watching. The seconds felt like minutes, and the minutes felt like hours. Eventually, she saw a sign saying “Welcome to Solaville” from her window.

“Nearly there, baby, just hold on a little longer.” Lily looked at Jess with an empathetic expression on her face.

“Mmmh…” Jess groaned.

“Maybe we should’ve made that second stop.”

“N-no, I’m totally fine!”

“Girl, I can see your bladder poking out from your stomach. You’re not fine.”

Jess looked down to see Lily was telling the truth. Her white t-shirt was sticking up, and her bladder was peeking out. “Damn, it can actually do that? I thought that was a myth.”

“Jess…”

“I’m fine, Lil’. I barely notice it.” That was a lie. It was threatening to come out every second.

“Are you sure? If it’s bad, I think I know where a gas station is in town; we’ll have to get off course a bit, but-”

“You don’t need to worry, Lily. I can hold it.”

Lily looked like she wanted to protest but just sighed and refocused on the road. Jess suffered silently for the next few minutes, looking for anything to distract her. “M-my!” She said loudly and awkwardly. “That restaurant looks n-nice! W-we should go there sometime.”

Lily frowned. “If we can even afford it. The money my dad gave me is barely enough to last us a year’s rent.”

“We’ll f-find good-paying jobs soon.”

“Hopefully.” Lily said solemnly.

Jess looked down awkwardly. She was just trying to make small talk, but it had turned glum fast. Although Jess was upset by the depressing tone their conversation had taken, she was glad she now had a distraction from her bladder. “I mean… if shit gets that bad, we can just ask him for more, right?”

“It’s not that simple. If I ask for something unprompted, he’ll ask for a favour and be super passive-aggressive about it. For example, ‘Oh, you know the Groftocorp CEO’s son is single? It would be great for you to have a nice relationship like that!’”

“So I’m guessing he’s still in total denial about us dating?”

“Yup. ‘Great for you two, having a close friend who sticks with you after college!’ I swear, it’s like he’s living in medieval times or something.”

Jess wanted to say something else, but nothing could come out. She simply went back to squirming without any distractions. A rustling noise came from the right side, and Lily looked over to see Jess pulling up her left leg over the other. “Does that even help?”

“Dunno. Never had to go this bad before.”

“Just hold on, we’re nearly there.”

A few minutes later, they finally reached their new house. Typically, this would be an opportunity to admire their new life together, which was about to begin, but Jess couldn’t care less about it now. All that was on her mind right now was sitting down on a toilet and taking the best piss of her life.

The car drove into the driveway, and Lily put it into park mode, removing the keys from the ignition. “Mmmmf… I’m not going to make it.” Jess complained.

Lily opened up her side’s door. “Just wait a second; I need to get your wheelchair.”

Jess leaked and whined. “I’m not gonna make it.”

“Yes, you are.” Lily approached the other side of the car and brought out the wheelchair.

Jess tried lowering herself down, but she felt another leak and immediately put her hands on her crotch. “Ugh. Can you help me, please?” She blushed, embarrassed by needing her girlfriend’s help.

Lily nodded. She picked up Jess with ease and placed her in her wheelchair. Noticing Jess was still barely moving with her hands on her crotch, she began to push the chair to the front door. Lily took out the keys and opened the door before continuing to push Jess through the door.

“Mmmm… Hurry, please!” Jess could feel the dam within her breaking.

“You're almost there, honey, just a little more!”

But Lily’s encouragement was to no avail, as a small stream started in her panties. Soon, a wet spot appeared on her blue jeans, with a puddle forming on her wheelchair.

“Oh shit.” Lily looked down and saw Jess’ mess. She sped up, the bathroom at the back of the house now in sight.

“No, no, no!” Jess shouted, the stream speeding up, with the pee now leaving a trail on the ground.

They entered the bathroom, Lily kicking the door open. She pushed the wheelchair through the door, bumping slightly between rooms. Lily picked up Jess and placed her on the toilet, causing a few droplets to splash on the toilet seat. Jess sighed in relief as she sat down, not bothering to remove her jeans, as they were already wet. A dark spot was formed on her pants, most notably on her butt, dripping into the toilet bowl below.

Trying to avoid eye (or pants) contact, Lily looked to her left, cheeks flushed. Despite the relief washing over her, Jess couldn’t help but feel so… helpless. She began to cry.

“Oh, baby, it’s okay.”

“It’s not! I pissed myself like a little kid!” Jess’ stream stopped, with only half of her waste in the toilet.

“Accidents happen, Jess. Remember when Kimberly-”

“But it wouldn’t have happened if I fucking told you I couldn’t wait like a sane human being!” Jess snapped. “I ruined our first day in our new house. If I wasn’t so useless-”

“You’re not useless,” Lily said swiftly, interrupting her partner’s self-hatred. “You’re the most wonderful person I’ve ever met, and you’re perfect the way you are.”

Jess sniffled and smiled, wiping a tear from her eye. “I’m sorry.”

“Don’t worry about a thing. How about you take a bath, and I clean your wheelchair?”

Normally, Jess couldn’t stand the idea of baths. Sitting in bathwater filled with your own filth just seemed so… nasty to her. But right now, she wanted nothing more than to sit in hot water. Plus, they hadn’t set up her shower chair yet. “That sounds great.” She smiled.

A/N: Beta Read By @Golden Guard

