The ultimate remediation test

Author: Ongeluk

*000*2012-05-30 21:03

Here's my latest story. It's just a start for now but I have the full plot in my mind and the rest might be coming quickly (at leats if it's of any interest for somebody).

Comments more than welcome ;)

The Ultimate remediation test. Part 1

###

When Lily arrived at the door of class 34, as she had been asked to through the intercom, she met two older girls out of the three other who had also been called for an unknown reason.

“Hi!” one of them spoke with a friendly voice, “I'm Shania, from grade ten.”

She looked like the classical sixteen year old with a regular sized breast and an average shaped body topped by an abnormally delightful face.

“Hi...” Lily muttered shyly, quite surprised that someone would speak to her for something else than insults or mockery. She had always been quite reserved, but it had only gone worse after both her parents had been brutally murder by a psychopath, just a few weeks before she was to enter high school.

“And? Who are you?” Shania asked innocently after a brief and uneasy silence.

“Well, you see it's not Karen, so she must be Lily.” the third girl answered in a disconcertingly casual way. Indeed, four girls had been called: Lily, Shania, Karen (who wasn't there yet) and Hayden. So this was Hayden. A slim girl with small round breasts dressed like a boy. She was wearing a baseball cap and didn't even bother to use make-up. Still, she looked quite attractive in a way for whomever likes boyish girls.

“I... Hmmm... Yes, I... You... know me???” Lily stuttered. How could Hayden, a senior she had never met, know an insignificant freshmen like her?

“I've heard about you.” she answered with a faint smile.

Lily looked away, her face turning beet-red and burning as if it had been put into the microwave. Of course that was it. She remembered her very first day of high school and the utterly embarrassing accident she'd had that day. It was as if she could still feel the hot streams of urine rushing down her legs and hear the torrent cascading from her chair. She had not forgotten the humiliating laughter of her classmates and their degrading comments. She had not forgiven the inhuman indifference of her homeroom teacher who had forced her to sit in her smelly puddle until the end of the period. Most of all, she would never heal from the extreme disgrace she had endured while spending a whole afternoon in the thick diaper the nurse had made her wear.

Since then, her school life had been worse than hell. She had been bullied every single day. She hadn't spent twenty-four hours without crying. She had been nicknamed “baby-Lily”, which was quite easily found given her small child-like body. She had not made any friend and not even a teacher would have defended her.

Lily was fighting to hold the tears invited by those painful memories as loud hateful cries emerged from the end of the hall.

“Keep your hands off me, bastard!!!” the angry voice shouted. “Just go and suck your daddy's tiny dick!!! I swear, I'll kill you, fucking asshole!!!”

“And here comes Karen...” Hayden noticed, even before looking her way.

(to be continued)

*001*2012-05-31 22:12

Here's the second part.

Sorry there's no desperetion or wetting yet. It just describes the girls in detail and plants the stage.

###

The ultimate remediation test. Part 3

Karen was indeed known by most of the students for her bad character and her behavior disorders.

“I don't give a fucking shit for what this dirty old principal wants from me!!!” Karen continued. “Are you fucking deaf or what??? I said leave me alone! You mother fucking son of a bitch!!!”

The tall blond girl with generous boobs and dressed in a quite provocative fashion was literally dragged by the hair through the hallway towards the announced meeting point. The massive security guard threw her on the floor just in front of the three other girls.

Lily stood motionless. She had seen that girl numerous times. Karen was a junior who seemed to look for trouble more often than she washed her hands, and it means something when you know she's a manicure maniac. Most of all, Lily remembered her because whenever she had been bullied by a group of students, Karen would appear and add her painful words to the torture.

This time, although Lily, for once, wasn't enduring any kind of persecution, Karen felt the need to torment the poor girl.

“What the fuck??? Why did you drag me to this fucking place???” she shouted. “Baby-Lily!!! Come on, it's a fucking joke or what? I won't have any fucking business with that pissy bitch! My reputation is fucked big times if anyone sees me around that fuc... Ouch!!!” A hard kick in her back from the security guy muted her mouth for a while.

“But... by the way, why have we been called here?” Shania wondered out loud. “The final exams are over, today is rejoicing day isn't it?”

“Well, I think I have a clue, but I wasn't sure about Lily.” Hayden turned to the trembling girl. “How are your grades?”

“I... I think I... might have failed... all my classes” Lily was looking to her feet in shame.

She had failed in every subject, she knew it. Even though she had worked hard, her classmates had carefully planned their punitive actions. First, her pencil box had disappeared, then they managed to have her caught cheating by slipping a false note into her desk. As if they hadn't had enough fun, they denied her access to the bathroom right before another exam, forcing her to return an almost blank sheet in order to be allowed to leave the class. Finally they went as far as sending anonymous death treats if she dared to show up at school for the last one. Lily had been through all this without being able to talk with anyone. She had nobody to talk to anyway.

“You think we're punished because we're bad students?” Shania started to be annoying. “But... What about you, Hayden?”

She didn't even answer. Although she had been a pretty good student all along her high school years, she had drifted away in the past months. School had always been so easy and boring for her, she had decided she didn't need that stupid brainwashing anymore. After a 'science' teacher had tried (with success for some of her classmates) to promote radical creationism as the only plausible truth, she knew she'd had enough of this. Then, she had discovered the joys of online gaming, the euphoria of indecent parties and the ecstasy of some new 'experiments'. Most of all, she had been studying what she felt was important. Psychology, theology, global economy, foreign politics and a bunch of other stuff that won't ever be taught in high school. She was probably by far the smartest student in the place, but yes, it seemed she had failed all her classes.

“Or is it because we're the prettiest girls in the school?” Shania insisted with a proud smile on her beautiful round face.

Hayden gave her a mad look meaning something like 'don't speak nonsense'. She had never thought of herself as an attractive girl, leave alone being among the prettiest.

Nonetheless, although Shania wasn't the sharpest tool in the shed, she had a point. If there was one thing she had been able to count correctly, it was for sure the large number of boys who had told her she was too cute or had asked her out. And that wasn't something she could count on her fingers even if she had ten hands.

Karen, what concerns her, was without doubt the greatest phantasm for a large majority of the schoolkids and even for the teachers. With her long slender legs, her D cup and her fluid golden hair falling around her shoulders, she looked just like a top model as the ones you can see on TV.

Lily, quite the opposite of Karen, sported a small and frail body barely supporting her adorable head. She had mid-sized light-brown hair emphasizing the hugeness of her shiny cyan eyes. In her one piece pink dress, no one would have believed she was almost fifteen but a whole lot of sensible guys would have fallen for her, if only her reputation hadn't been crushed to pieces on her very first day. She was exactly the kind of little girl anyone would want to hold in his arms and never let go (unless she needs to use the bathroom, that is).

But Hayden??? She had never cared much about her appearance. She had short black hair barely sneaking out of her cap culminating above deep dark eyes and a cute perky nose. She was a bit skinny and slightly short for her age and owned a modest but perfectly shaped breast. Despite her boyish dressing habits and her geeky attitude, very few guys would have turned her down if she had shown even the slightest interest. She was indeed very attractive but it was something she had never realized.

She didn't have a lot of time to think about it though, as the principal arrived just a minute later, followed by the home teacher of each girl.

“Good morning girls” He opened the door, revealing the quite unusual setup of the classroom. All desks hat been gathered in the center of the room to form a large table on which were disposed all kinds of sodas, cakes and a large variety of snacks.

“Come on in, make yourself at home.” The girls entered and as Lily passed the door, she realized she had meant to pay a preventive visit to the little girls room right before being called. That single thought already reminded her she needed to go a bit...

(to be continued)

