Not Quite As Planned

Author: inkpawed

*000*2013-10-12 15:15

I'm so fucking proud of this one. It still could be better, but I feel it's much better than anything I've ever written before. I hope you agree.

Enjoy!

Link to the previous story.

###

I pulled up into the driveway of Monica's, my girlfriend's, house, walked up to the door and knocked. We hadn't seen each other in a week, both being unreasonably busy, and I was excited to see her again, even if it was to be just a simple evening spent together at her place. Maybe even more so.

She opened the door and gave me a bright smile. Monica is a fox, like me, but an Arctic one – her fur is mostly pure white, except for the tips of her tail and her ears. It's also longer than mine, even in summer, and silky to the touch. My brown coat, next to hers, feels like sandpaper. On her chest and belly, in a narrowing stripe, where foxes of more typical coloration have their white belly fur, hers is instead even softer and more delicate. Just seeing it made me want to press my face against it. And I could see it, because she was only wearing a bra and shorts. It was reasonable, in this weather, but I appreciated nevertheless.

I stepped in and she pulled me into a tight hug. 'Hey, Vic', she said, and gave me a kiss. I smoothed the fur on her back with my paw.

We retreated into the kitchen. I sat down and watched her as she made tea, perhaps paying more attention than I should have to her slim rump and legs. And doing that, I noticed something strange: she was standing with her legs pressed together, rubbing her thighs slightly against each other as she shifted her weight. Her bushy brush of a tail twitched nervously, smacking the cupboards every few seconds. I wondered. Did she need to pee? Was she that excited to see me again? Both? The thought of the last of option made me a little hot.

'Vic? Victor? I don't mind you staring, but try to listen to what I say.'

'Oh. I'm sorry. What were you saying?', I stammered. At the moment I could have sworn my ears were giving off enough heat to warm the house.

'I was asking you about the conference. You'd been gushing about it for weeks, how was it in the end?' The keetle boiled and she turned back towards the counter.

I told her about it as she poured the water. I couldn't help but notice that as it flowed she bent forward slightly, sticking out her bottom at me and squeezing her legs together so much they trembled. A small gasp escaped her. She didn't think I could hear it over the pouring water, but I could, and I was now sure that she needed to pee, badly. But why?

We kept talking and I kept watching her, taking opportunities to glance at her body under the table. She was curling her toes constantly, her claws scraping against the floor, and several times I caught her rubbing her abdomen, as if trying to relieve a cramp. Her legs never went an inch apart.

I was wondering. She had a serious need to pee, she could pee at any moment, but she chose not to. Why? I didn't think she knew about my preferences in this matter. Was she doing it because she shared them? Was she enjoying it? I found myself getting seriously excited at the thought. I could help my drying mouth with the tea, but not the lack of space occuring in my pants.

She stood up and stretched – very carefully, not to pull on her bladder.

'Come on, let's watch the film. I understood nothing the first time around, maybe you'll help.'

We settled on the sofa in the living room. I put on the movie on the laptop and set it on a chair in front of us. I put my arm around Monica and held her left paw with mine, and she leaned against me. She shifted slighly as she pressed her legs together every few seconds. Her tail wrapped around my back and rested my lap, helping me conceal my erection. If she noticed, she didn't show it.

Ten minutes into the film, she cracked open a can of soda. I wondered. She couldn't have possibly been thirsty. Was she trying to fill her bladder? I decided to drop the games and ask.

'Monica, why won't you go to the bathroom? I can see you have to.'

Her green eyes glared at me over the can. Monica hesitated, and bit her lip. She started to say something, but shook her head and looked away. Then she took my right paw and said:

'Let me show you something.'

She pulled back the waistband of her shorts and slowly slid my paw against the crotch of her panties. Carefully, I touched the fabric. It was damp, slightly sticky, and incredibly hot, as if she had an oven down there. I couldn't help but rub against it. Monica gasped and threw her head back, letting out a shuddering sigh. I pulled my paw out.

She looked me in the eye. Her eyes were wide open, pupils dilated, and she was panting softly. She moved in closer to my face, and with deliberation grabbed my paw and brought it in between our noses. The intense scent of her arousal lingering on my fur overwhelmed my senses, making me shudder with excitement. I kissed her on the lips and reached for her breast, but she pulled out.

'Not yet.' she said in a shaky whisper. 'Won't be long, I'd been drinking water for an hour before you came'. Her hand trembled as she lifted the soda can and gulped down the remainder. She tossed the empty can to the side and gave me a naughty grin... as she reached for another one. The tightness in my pants was getting downright painful.

Over the next thirty minutes, as we kissed and fondled, her urgent need transformed into intense desperation. I watched in fascination as she constantly ground her hips into the sofa and openly rubbed her paw against her crotch. She was constantly panting with arousal, her muzzle hanging open, and she felt burning hot against me. Her left paw caressed her abdomen, now visibly proturding with the bulge of her bladder.

I couldn't believe my luck. I was going out of my mind with excitement. It was the most arousing sight I had ever seen or even concieved, this beautiful vixen squirming with her bladder about to explode and aroused beyond sanity.

I slid my right paw down her body to her abdomen and pressed gently. Right under her soft fur, I could feel the rock-hard roundness of her completely full bladder. It felt like it had stretched to fill all space between her hips, and extended up to her navel. I pressed a little harder, and she cried out with pain and urgency. Her entire body tensed up with the effort to hold against the overwhelming pressure.

She pushed me away, and in slow, deliberate movements she stood up. She couldn't come close to standing straight and stayed bent forward, one of her hands holding her bladder, as if to stop gravity from tugging at it. Her rump was inches from my nose. Suddenly, her tail smacked me right across the face.

'Sorry!', she gasped. 'I can't stand it any more. I'm going to the bathroom, and then...'. She didn't bother to finish; there was no need to.

But I was right behind her. I grabbed her by the elbow and spun her around. She stared at me, startled.

'Come on', I said. 'I thought you enjoyed this.'

I pulled her into a kiss, and reached to pull down her shorts and panties, caring not to put any pressure on her bladder. She struggled for a second, but when I reached around and touched the inside of her thigh, she let out a deep moan and responded to my kiss. Her panties dropped to her ankles, and she stepped out of them. I stepped back for a moment to work on her bra.

'This is insanity', she gasped.

'Yes', I agreed.

I lowered her onto her back on the sofa. I tried to spare her any strain, but she still hissed with pain as her stomach musles tugged at her bladder.

I stipped out of my own clothes and joined her. She was on her back, staring at me with anticipation, barely able to move. She was heaving with lust, desire and pain. Her fur was damp over most of her body, even in places where it wouldn't normally get sweaty, and she radiated heat of arousal. I could smell it, too, the intense, sweet scent of pure sexual need setting my nerves on fire and making my head swim.She no longer had her fingers between her legs, but I could see her straining to contain her body's urges just a while longer. I could also see the while wouldn't be long.

I leaned over her and kissed her. She responded in force, wrapping her arms and legs around me, pushing her tongue into my mouth. I could feel her moving undearneath me, fighting against her desire to pee. Her intimate fur rubbed against my erection.

I pulled out and looked her in the eye. I said, 'Tell me how you feel.'

She gasped in anguish. 'You know damn well how I feel.'

I licked and kissed her neck, moving slowly downwards. 'Tell me. Please.'

She started speaking. 'I need to piss so bad I can barely hold it. The urge is so strong I need to squeeze back all the time. It hurts and the pressure is...' I reached her nipple and sucked on it, while fondling her breast with my fingers. She moaned in crumbling pleasure for a second before she composed herself enough to talk again. 'I'm so horny I feel like I'm on fire. I can't...' She let out a frustrated wail. 'Do something about this!'

I didn't need to be told twice. I moved my muzzle down, tracing a line through the impossibly soft fur of her belly. I stopped to lick the solid bulge of her distended bladder. I could feel and see her muscles spasming and straining, barely stopping it from emptying. Her cries urged me on.

Her crotch was soaked in her fluids. Its scent hit me like a brick wall, overwhelming my senses and making me dig my claws into Monica's hips. I put my tongue and mouth to work at her own engorged lips, and was rewarded with moans of pleasure. Her paws were on my head. Her hips bucked, pressing her crotch into my face, craving more stimulation. I couldn't imagine what it was doing to her need to pee.

I moved back up and kissed her, making her sample her own taste.

'Ready?' I asked.

'Yes. Be gentle.' Her voice was weak and trembling.

I was. I put it in very slowly, trying not to hurt her bladder. I could feel it, its wall rubbing against my shaft and its huge roundness pressing into my abdomen. Her musles were so clenched she gripped me like a vice. I stayed in, not moving, to let her adjust.

She moaned in ecstasy and excruciating pain, gripping me with her legs around my hips and her arms around my back. I started to move. I couldn't avoid pressing into her overstretched bladder with every thurst, and every time she cried out in pain. But she was moving with me, lost in the mix of bliss and agony.

Finally, she let out one more cry, louder and longer than any previous one, and stopped breathing. She pressed herself into me with all her strength in a silent yet tremendous gesture, her claws digging into my back and her rock-hard bladder ramming into my gut. Her entire body spasmed and her floogates broke, releasing the long-withheld liquid with startling pressure. She wailed a moan of relief as both of her body's desperate urges were satisfied at once. That was the last straw for me as well, and seconds later I collapsed next to her now limp form. She was still peeing full force, oblivious of anything but her release.

A minute later, I was lying on my back and she was relaxed on top of me, her head on my chest, staring in my eyes. She brought up her paw. It was stained red around her claws.

'I came so hard I stabbed you.', she giggled. 'I'm sorry.'

'Don't worry,' I said, 'it was worth it', and kissed her.

*002*2013-10-20 22:08

So I finally cracked and got myself a furaffinity.net account

... that's probably the place to look for my stuff from now on, although I will still post it here if appropriate.

*004*2013-10-22 04:43

Thank you very much! Let me adress your concerns.

{{: 

1. some more detail on the actual wetting. Had you given the wetting as much attention as the desperation, this would be a good paragraph longer and the end would have been stronger, as is it's okay, but you really need to give the actual wetting a good amount of attention.}}

See, that's a problem for me. Because I'm all about the desperation, and not into wetting at all - that's important to me only as it relates to the desperation as its climax and ending. I realise it's different for a lot of people, and I would like to write for them too, but I really don't know how. If you could try and describe what you would like to see there, maybe it would help me.

{{: 

2. a bit more description of the characters themselves and maybe a wee bit longer of an intro. Your description was good, but they can all be improved, and maybe just a little more backstory on the characters. how old are they? how long have they been dating? when they have sex, maybe mention if they've done it before or not.

}}

Yeah, I know. It's very difficult for me, but I try to work on it. This story has a bit more of background and description than the previous one (they didn't even have names there!), and the next one will have even more still, I hope.

{{: 

As it stands, this is phenominal and I have no doubt I'll be reading this again. If you like desperation, then this is your dream.

}}

Aww.

*007*2013-10-24 02:41

{{: 

Just try and describe what you think of when you iagine a girl wetting herself. How it flows down and darkens her fur, her face as she sighs and twitches, relieved of her need, the puddle growing at her feet. I'm glad you're willing to write for others, that's very good of you since, well, that's mostly who's reading this. :P

}}

That's useful, thank you. I'll give it a try next time.

{{: 

Okay. It's honestly not that big a deal and a bit of a personal thing, but it just helps people visualize the characters, which i personally find very important.

}}

It's not a big deal in a simple omorashi story... but I have ambitions beyond simple omo stories.

{{: 

You should be proud of yourself, and thank you for responding kindly to my criticism, I hope that all of your stories are as well-written and great as this one. The site is lucky to have another great writer among us.

}}

Thank you. I don't consider myself great though... and whenever I start, all I have to do is go and read something actually really good to put myself back into my place. Which I think is neccessary if I'm to keep improving.

