Original Fiction - An Opportunity

Author: BasementTzar

*000*2011-11-30 07:39

I apologize if some of you have come across this posting on other sites before, but it always seems to do well whenever I post it so I'll tack it up here and see how it goes. It's an older story I wrote, pure fantasy, and written in a state of mind not exactly conductive to writing good prose, so forgive me if the text is a bit awkward. I hope you like!

An Opportunity

She was standing outside my stall and groaning, unaware of how much I was secretly enjoying it. I sat on the toilet with my pants up and I wondered if she'd noticed yet that I wasn't doing anything, just stalling her relief. And I certainly didn't intend to come out anytime soon.

"Pleeease hurry up," she gasped. "I c-can't hold it much longer! Ohh..."

The bathroom of the bar here was very shabby, which was one of the reasons why I liked it. In the women's restrooms there were only two stalls, one of which was almost always out of order and locked shut, as it was today. I sat on the edge of the toilet seat in the one good stall. My hand was locked tight between my legs, for two reasons; one being that the woman's pleas were driving me crazy. The other being that I was also bursting, had been for a while, and it wasn't helping me control my hormones one bit.

It wasn't uncommon for accidents to happen at this place, especially for women. The toilets are always gross and seedy and no one really wants to use them if they can help it. I'd seen more than a few girls sneak out to the back alley for some privacy, and a couple who were too grossed out by the toilets and either too shy or too drunk to think of using the alley, and so ended up peeing right into their clothes.

Oh, how I loved this place!

I could see from the space underneath the stall door the girl had her legs crossed. She kept picking up her left food and moving it slowly up and down against her right leg. I could almost picture how her thighs moved together, fighting to keep her bladder from exploding into the cute little black skirt she was wearing and the light-blue panties I'd glimpsed earlier. Combined with my own complaining bladder, it was almost more than I could handle. A bit earlier that night when I was starting to feel the first little twinges, I closed my eyes, reached down and rubbed my swollen mound (not even caring who was watching) and trickled into my black jeans, at first only a little, then more and more, until the wetness started seeping out over my ass. I'd been incredibly turned on all night ever since doing it, and I was still damp from the incident.

I was squirming and fidgeting all over the place just then, at least as much as the girl I was delaying. I knew that, in a few minutes, it wouldn't matter if my pants were on or off or where I happened to be. I wouldn't be able to hold back, the orgasm or the contents of my bladder. I remembered watching the girl a few minutes earlier, how her knees rubbed together nervously under her table as she sat with her girlfriends. I remembered seeing her suddenly wince and slip her hand between her legs, straining for several seconds before she could go back to sitting normally.

And from then on out I was subtly watching her all night, getting more and more aroused by her predicament. I figured it had to do with all she'd been drinking, but she squirmed and held herself in front of others without appearing to care. And soon she was squirming quite a lot, unable to hide how badly she had to pee. At one point she was sitting down at a table, her legs clasped tight together, and her hand kneading her pussy.

Her eyes were closed and her chest rose and fell with shallow breaths. Her skirt had been hitched up high on her thighs and this was when I caught a glimpse of her panties, but from where I was I couldn't tell if they were wet or not though I figured they had to be. She was well beyond the point when most women decided to use the toilet or the alleyway and if I didn't know better I would have thought she was aroused from the situation too, but this was more likely wishful thinking on my part.

Finally I decided to head to the bathroom for some secret mischief, being as wound up as I was. But hardly too minutes after I'd sat down on the toilet and started massaging my moist crotch she came hobbling in. I heard her gasp and swear and try both stalls, her heels clicking on the linoleum. Then she realized it was hopeless and stood outside my stall, and so it went.

"I, I, ohhh, ohh god," she moaned now. "I can't hold it anymore, please, please PLEASE come out, ohhh my god..."

By now each breath sounded almost like a gasp. I couldn't take my eyes of her feet, how she was standing. I imagined her standing out there waiting for me to come out, her hands between her legs, pressing and holding, her bladder clenching. And then I had an idea. It was a very wicked idea and, even though I wasn't religious, I said a quick prayer of forgiveness before executing it. I stood up, quietly gasping at the enormous pressure of my bladder, which felt about as large and full as a grapefruit. I unzipped my jeans, forced them and my yellowed panties down to my knees, and fell back on the toilet seat.

Ohhh wow. My stream hissed forcefully into the bowl, and I couldn't help but lean back and close my eyes and let out a little moan I was sure the girl outside could here. It kept going and going, so much it didn't seem like it would ever stop. As the pressure on my bladder ebbed away gradually, I heard the girl gasp and cry out sharply once more. "Oh no, oh no, oh god nonono," she groaned, her voice trailing off into a tiny whine. My eyes popped open just in time to see the first trickle run down her leg. The world seemed to slow down and come to a stop as I saw that tiny bit of shining wetness, followed immediately by another and another until her leg was covered in dripping pee. As my stream died down to a trickle, I saw and heard her's really start up. She was moaning again now, and I was shocked and even more aroused (if possible) to hear how she sounded, completely wrapped up in ecstasy.

The sound of her pee splashing onto the floor reverberated around the bathroom; I watched wide-eyed as pee washed down her legs in so much steady flooding. The puddle began to flow into my stall, but I was too enraptured to think to lift my feet out of the way.

No sooner after wetting herself, the girl ran quickly out of the bathroom and I didn't see her again the whole night. Then again, I was a little slow about leaving, but I didn't loiter for long; it only took me about two minutes to rub myself to orgasm after everything I'd just witnessed. I told myself I wouldn't do something so blatantly mean ever again, but honestly I didn't know if I could keep a promise like that if another opportunity presented itself.

