Ashley's Adventure in the Corps (Part 1)

Author: Jon

*000*2015-01-11 01:54

Hey all, I've been lurking here for some time, and figured it was time to give storytelling a shot. So here's the first installment of what I hope to be a multi part series. It centers around a girl named Ashley Trippler, and it follows her as she joins the Marine Corps. Hope you enjoy!

Ashley's Adventure in the Corps, Part 1

It was just past 2:30 in the morning when the bus carrying the 3 dozen recruits pulled up to the gates at Marine Corps Recruit Depot Parris Island. The gate guard waved the vehicle through, and Ashley Trippler gazed through the window into the night. Nothing but swamp for as far as the eye could see, aside from the faint glow from the city lights of Hilton Head many miles distant.

"I'm so fucking tired," Ashley thought. She hadn't slept since two nights before, when she awoke at 4AM to complete her final medical evaluation before she shipped off to bootcamp. Now, she was approaching 24 hours of being awake, with not a bed in sight for who knows how long.

She reached up and pulled her dark brown hair into a tight bun. Ashley had dark features, but there was a scattering of freckles across her pale face- something she had been teased about through middle school. She had been a late bloomer, something of a beanpole throughout most of her schooling, but very athletic. It wasn't until her junior year that she sprouted her C cup breasts, which were generous for her small frame.

She looked to her right, where her friend Jenny Hansley was dozing off in her seat. Ashley gently nudged her.

"We're almost there," she said. Jenny mumbled something and turned her head, and Ashley pushed her sharply to wake her up. "Hey!" She had never been the soft spoken kind, which made many of her female peers uncomfortable.

"Come on," Jenny said, groggily, "I'm trying to get just a little more sleep before..." Her voice trailed off.

"Whatever," Ashley shrugged, turning her gaze back out the window. "Don't shit yourself when the Drill Instructor climbs on the bus and starts screaming at us."

The bus made its way down the long causeway heading to the recruit depot. Millions of Marines, both male and female, had been trained here over the course of the 20th century. Ashley was proud to be one of them, but right now all she could think about was sleep. And her bladder.

"Guess I'd better go pee before we get there," she thought, as she began to stand. Her thoughts quickly moved to Jenny, asleep beside her, and she briefly considered letting her sleep. "She can suck it up, I gotta piss," Ashley reasoned.

But suddenly, the bus lurched to a halt. They were in front of a large brick building, lit up by yellow streetlights. "Fuck." she muttered to herself. The air brakes on the bus caused Jenny to stir, and the double doors opened up. Heavy footsteps clomped up the stairs.

"All right!" Half the bus jumped at these first words, which were bellowed out as if from a subwoofer. Then came the famous line which all these recruits had been anticipating: "GET OFF MY BUS!"

Poor Jenny was still foggy from slumber as the recruits got up and grabbed their things. Ashley handed Jenny her paperwork, which she had almost left in the seat back in front of her. Rubbing her legs one last time, she stood.

As they stepped off the bus, the recruits quickly formed up along the famous "yellow footprints" painted on the black asphalt. The Drill Instructor, a short male with tattoos on his forearms, was hollering instructions at them, but Ashley only picked up half of what he said. Her mind was focused on planning how to quietly slip away and use the bathroom.

"Head," she mentally corrected herself. "Marines call the bathroom the head."

The recruits hurried into the receiving barracks through a small side door. From the Drill Instructor's speech, Ashely picked up that the large silver double doors in the center were for Marines only.

The next few minutes were a blur of movement and shouting. There was a phone call home somewhere in there. Some paperwork. But mostly the thunderous voice of the DI, and the shrill reply of "Aye, sir!" by the recruits.

The males who were on the bus with them had filed off to go get their haircuts, leaving the females to be led into a classroom filled with cold, metal desks. They were seated, and ordered to put their heads on the desktops. After a few moments, there was some shuffling and murmuring at the front of the room, and a shrill female voice sounded out. "Eyes!" The recruits lifted their heads to see a female drill instructor standing alongside a Navy Corpsman in front of the room. Cardboard boxes were stacked on the table in front of them. "Okay, eyes!" the female DI repeated. Having done her homework before she left home, Ashley knew exactly what the Drill Instructor wanted to hear. "Open, ma'am," she shouted, the sole voice in the room. A couple of the recruits looked at her in confusion.

"Oh great freakin' job, recruit," the DI shouted at Ashley. Even though she had never been the timid type, she still felt her heart jump to her throat, and her bladder tighten. "How'd you know the proper response?" the instructor asked condescendingly.

"I heard it from my recruiter-" Ashley was cut off as the DI launched from behind the desk and rushed her.

"I? I? I? There is no such thing as 'I'! The only eyes are in your miserable head, you thing! From now on you and every other set of tits in here is "this recruit". Understand?"

Ashley's light skin tone betrayed her and she turned bright red. Not only because she should have known better than to use the word "I", but also because she was pretty sure she had just pissed herself a little bit. Judging from the rapidly cooling wet feeling at the lips of her pussy, she was probably right. She hoped that it didn't show. "Sure, I'll just pee in my fucking pants in front of the whole platoon, that'd be a great way to start off bootcamp," she scolded herself internally. As the Drill Instructor turned around to walk back to her desk, Ashley snuck a quick peek at her crotch. Dry, for all that anyone could tell just by looking. She caught movement from the corner of her eyes, and saw Jenny fidgeting uncomfortably in her seat. "Guess she's gotta go too," Ashley thought.

"Now," the Drill Instructor said, "my name is Drill Instructor Staff Sergeant Casey. I'll be controlling everything you do until someone with more rank on their collar says otherwise. The first thing you're doing is a piss test."

Ashley internally sighed with relief. Even if she had to urinate into a cup, at least she would finally be able to let it all go. She sensed Jenny shift in her seat to her right. Ashley knew that Jenny had a shy bladder, as she could barely squeeze out the few drops required for their last urinalysis. Ashley, fortunately, didn't have that problem, as there wasn't a timid bone in her body.

The Drill instructor commanded the first row to get up and grab a small cup from the table, then they proceeded into the head. After a moment, they all emerged, cup full of urine in hand, and they placed them into the cardboard boxes on the table. Next it was Jenny's row's turn. They filed into the head, and after a minute or two, filed out in the same fashion. Ashley noticed that Jenny wasn't among them. "This can't be good," she thought as her row was called up.

Upon entering the head, Ashley saw Jenny standing in the corner, with the empty cup in her hand. Staff Sergeant Casey stood in front of her berating her.

"So let me get this straight, recruit," she said, inching toward Jenny's down turned face. "You need to urinate, but you can't do it in front of anyone!"

"Aye, ma'am."

"Aye freakin ' what? I didn't tell you to do anything! You say yes or no to a damn question, knucklehead!"

"Yes, ma'am!"

Staff Sergeant Casey turned to the rest of the females, who had lined up in front of the toilets. "How 'bout the rest of you? Who else is going to have a problem?" The females were silent. "Okay, we'll freakin' see."

There were no stalls, so there was little left to the imagination of anyone else in the room. "Eyes ahead!" Staff Sergeant Casey bellowed. Ashley tried not to stare directly at the girl on the toilet in front of her, but it was nearly impossible. The girl, a redhead, was bright red as she unscrewed the cap, and placed the cup in front of her pussy. Ashley mouthed the word 'sorry', as the girl grimaced and a weak stream of piss flowed into the cup. She raised the cup, and finished off her pee into the toilet. Next, Ashley was up. It was a good thing too, because she had become very desperate listening to the other girls void their bladders.

She practically ripped her pants down, exposing her white and pink polka dotted panties. There was a small wet stain on them, and she caught the eye of the girl who was standing in the line in front of her. It was Mallory Winston, a girl who Ashley had met the night before. Mal was cut from the same cloth as Ashley was- loud, outspoken, and dominant- so it was only natural that they didn't get along one bit.

Immediately, Ashley knew that Mal saw the wet patch on her panties, because her mouth curled up in a mocking sneer. Ashley just glared back at her, and defiantly plopped her small ass onto the toilet seat. She fumbled with her cup, her legs bouncing as her need to pee skyrocketing. As she lowered the cup to her trimmed pussy, she relaxed, spraying piss into the cup. The cup filled almost immediately, and the hot liquid began to spill on her hands.

"Well, you're disgusting," Staff Sergeant Casey said, "but at least you're not shy!" She looked back at Jenny, who was starting to do a little pee dance in the corner. As Ashley finished up, the Drill Instructor approached her friend. "You're pathetic! You look like a child dancing around like that." The DI began to mimic Jenny, shuffling around in a pee dance. "I gotta go pee-pee buy I'm too shy because I'm a spoiled brat whose been coddled all her life!"

Jenny just stared back at the Staff Sergeant, her eyes watery. Her hands snuck down to her crotch, and she bent slightly. This seemed to push Casey's last button.

"Okay recruit," she said, adjusting her 'Smokey the Bear' hat, "I guess I'm on your time now. I'll wait all freakin' night, I don't mind at all!" Jenny let out a sob, which really caused the DI to lose it. "What the hell is wrong with you! Did you dodge a coat hanger for the first nine months of your life? Christ, I think I can see the scars from it on your forehead! What are you even doing on my island?"

Jenny had tears running down her face, as she tried to muster up the courage to respond. She had never been yelled at like this, and it was far too much for her to take all at once. "Well, what are you doing?" Casey bellowed again. Ashley's eyes moved downward, and she saw a wet stain appear on the front of Jenny's light blue jeans.

"...I'm going in my pants," Jenny whimpered. The wetness spread across her lap before cascading down her thighs and onto her black shoes.

"Oh my sweet lord," the Staff Sergeant growled. "Get over there!" She shoved Jenny toward the toilet as the girl fumbled with her pants button, peeing down her legs all the while. It was dead silent in the room, save for the sound of Jenny's piss splattering on the floor. "Get them off, you stupid jackass!"

"Aye, ma'am," Jenny whimpered, still draining her bladder into her pants. She fumbled with her zipper, but then began to cry openly, relaxing her hands to her side. She had given up, despite the Drill Instructor hollering at her to sit on the toilet. Jenny was just standing there with shaking legs, peeing full force into her pants.

"Everyone out of my head!" Staff Sergeant Casey shouted. The recruits filed out of the head, but Ashley stood defiantly across from her friend, who stood there forlorn, the stream of pee dying off. The DI snapped her attention to Ashley. "I know you heard me, recruit!"

"Ma'am," Ashley started, "this recruit wants to-"

"I don't give a cold shit what you want, assforbrains! Let me guess, this is your friend here, whose just soiled her pants."

"Yes, ma'am, this recruit wants to help her friend." Ashley stared coldly ahead, feeling the Staff Sergeant's eyes boring into her. It was a good thing she had already peed, because the intensity of the moment might have made her pee in her pants too. After a moment of silence which seemed like an eternity, the Drill Instructor stormed toward the door.

"I've got more important things to do than hang around smelling Recruit Potty Pants' piss. Come out when you're ready to be fucking recruits!"

The door swung shut, and Jenny collapsed on the toilet, sobbing into her hands. Though Ashley didn't have much of a compassionate side, she walked up to her and rubbed her back.

"Don't worry about it, Jenny," she said awkwardly. "No one will remember this in a week. We've still got a long way to go. You just gotta try to forget about it."

"How am I ever gonna make it here?" Jenny blubbered, wiping her hands on the small dry portion of her pant legs.

"I'll be here with you the whole time," Ashley said, "if you can do it, I can do it."

Jenny sniffled one last time, and was silent. She stood. "Thanks, Ashley."

With the muffled sounds of the recruits shouting wafting through the bathroom door, Ashley hugged Jenny, wet pants and all. With a grim determination, she decided to make it her personal mission during her time at MCRD Parris Island to motivate her friend to make it to graduation day. But that was still 13 long weeks away.

*002*2015-01-15 18:51

Thanks for the critique, it's always good to have a second opinion. Here's chapter 2- I tried to apply what you said, so hopefully this one is a little more refined. I appreciate your input!

Ashley's Adventure in the Corps, Chapter II

The last three weeks had been a blur for Recruit Ashley Trippler. Every second of every day had been scripted out by her drill instructors, from the time she woke up in the morning at 0400 to whenever she had finally managed to get to sleep, long after the sun had fallen. Despite the grueling days of drill, PT, and class work (not to mention the constant presence of her Drill Instructor, Staff Sergeant Casey), Ashley had taken to military life well. On the second day of bootcamp, she had been chosen as one of the platoon's four squad leaders; though to her dismay, her rival Mallory Winston had earned the place as Platoon Guide, the senior most position.

Jenny Hansley had not performed as well, though. Her embarrassing accident on the first day had skylined her to Staff Sergeant Casey. It seemed that Casey had made it her personal mission to "un-ass" Jenny, which meant that the recruit had already spent countless hours on the quarterdeck doing push-ups, crunches, and mountain climbers. Unfortunately, Ashley had gotten herself caught up in nearly all of these punishments by always sticking up for her friend. Though the abuse was frustrating, Ashley could already see a large difference in the past few weeks. The girls of Platoon 4022 had already trimmed up, replacing any fat they had on their frames with lean muscle, and their voices had become stronger from the constant shouting. They were well on their way to becoming US Marines, but they still had nine weeks left on Parris Island.

It was 0355 on training day 14, by Ashley's count. She stood at the front of the squadbay with a red-lens flashlight- pulling fire watch again because of one of Jenny's mistakes. As the squad leader, any foul-ups by the recruits in her squad ultimately resulted in Ashley paying for them. She counted down the minutes to reveille. Any minute, the drill instructor would burst through the hatch, and Ashley was trying to enjoy the last few minutes of peace and quiet before the long day ahead of her.

Ashley looked around at the sleeping recruits, noticing one of them stirring. She caught a glint of light blonde hair, drawn into a sloppy bun. It was Mal, who hopped down off her bunk groggily. She approached Ashley.

"I'm going to the head," she said, wiping the sleep from her eyes. Ashley stopped her.

"Come on, Guide," she said, stopping her in her tracks. "It's almost 0400. You know the head is off limits 15 minutes prior to reveille." It was another one of the stupid rules set by Staff Sergeant Casey to further inconvenience the recruits. The drill instructor was infamous for never letting the girls use the bathroom when they wanted to. She said that by learning to hold it, it would instill discipline in them. Ashley knew that it was a crock of shit, but being the rule-follower that she was, she was forced to comply.

"I don't give a shit about Casey's rules right now," Mal said, pushing past the squad leader. "I gotta pee."

Ashley followed Mal into the head. "You're kidding me, right?" She asked, as they made their way back to the toilets. "Drill Instructor Staff Sergeant Casey is going to be here any second. If she finds the Guide breaking the rules first thing in the morning, the whole platoon is going to get fucked up. You know that!"

Mal stood in front of one of the toilets, reaching for the waistband of her OD green short shorts, "skivvies" in Marine Corps lingo. "Will you relax? I'm not gonna get caught. It's a stupid rule anyway." Mal yanked her skivvies down, and plopped down in the toilet. Though she agreed with the statement, Ashley placed her hands on her hip in a look of disgust at the deliberate insubordination. In response, Mal opened her legs as wide as she could, giving Ashley the finger as she began to pee. "Fuck you, you Girl Scout," Mal said, her piss jetting into the toilet.

As if on cue, Ashley felt a presence over her right shoulder, watching the look on Mal's face melt into one of fear.

"Really," Staff Sergeant Casey growled. Ashley turned around, popping to attention. The drill instructor stood there, staring coldly at the Platoon Guide peeing with her legs wide open. To her surprise, Casey turned her attention to Ashley. "What's the meaning of this, Squad Leader? You think you can let the Guide break the rules?"

Ashley was dumbfounded. She stuttered in her response. "Th...This recruit tried to stop the Guide-"

"Well you aren't trying very hard are you?" Staff Sergeant Casey bellowed, her voice echoing off the tiled walls. "She's still wetting!"

Ashley turned to Mal, whose stream was still hitting the toilet water full force. Ashley shouted at her, "Guide, get off the toilet right now!"

Mal didn't move, but she flexed her muscles, trying to void the rest of her bladder as quickly as possible. Ashley decided to take action- this could be her chance to finally usurp Recruit Winston from the coveted Platoon Guide position. She grabbed Mal by the arms, and yanked her off the toilet. Piss splattered all over her boots and the floor. "The fuck is wrong with you!" Mal cried.

Staff Sergeant Casey charged forward. "You? You? Okay I guess we just talk however we want on my island!" Behind the drill instructor's back, Ashley grinned. Mal had just used a personal pronoun, a cardinal sin at MCRD Parris Island. Mal was speechless. She stood there, piss running down her legs and wetting her shorts. "Quit wetting on my goddamn floor!"

"Aye, ma'am," Mal squeaked, clenching her bladder. Urine had pooled up around her feet, and some had splattered on the drill instructor's boots.

"You're disgusting!" Staff Sergeant Casey screamed. "You pissed all over yourself! And more importantly all over my boots! Clearly you don't know how to act like a Guide, fuckforbrains. You're fired!"

"Aye, ma'am!" Mal shouted, a look of anger on her reddened face.

"Get out of my face, thing! Go clean your nasty body!" Casey shook her head as Mal scooped up her shorts, and ran bottomless to the showers, her large ass glistening in the dim light. She turned to Ashley, who fixed her gaze forward at attention. "You have exactly three minutes to get this platoon dressed and on line, or its your scrawny ass on my quarterdeck, new Guide. Move!"

Ashley swelled with pride as she shouted in the affirmative to her DI. She had wanted nothing more over the past three weeks than to take over Mal's billet as the guide, whom Ashley felt had taken advantage of the position. Sprinting out of the head, she slapped on the lights to the squadbay.

"Lights! Lights! Lights!" She shouted. The girls of Platoon 4022 roused quickly, jumping from their bunks and placing their heels in the yellow line down the center of the squadbay. They looked confused to see Recruit Ashley Trippler standing on the quarterdeck giving commands. "Recruits," Ashley started, grabbing the guide's maroon armband from the table, and wrapping it around her left bicep, "This recruit is now Platoon 4022's guide. Get dressed and stand in line at attention for the Drill Instructor!"

Ashley walked down the center of the squadbay, watching the recruits spring into action. She caught Jenny's eye, and couldn't help smiling as her friend silently congratulated her. As she neared the end of the squadbay, however, she noticed one of the girls behind a bunk bed talking with another. Ashley approached them.

"Hey," recruit Trippler said, "let's go, get the lead out! What's going on?"

The girl turned to her Guide. It was Maureen Yeager, a soft spoken brunette from Boston. Immediately, Ashley could tell there was something wrong from Maureen's big, blue misty eyes. She looked down to see a wet stain on the crotch of Maureen's shorts, her tan legs still moist. Breaking character, Ashley approached the recruit. "Oh god. Did you wet the bed?" Maureen nodded. Not only was this embarrassing for the recruit, but it could potentially get her kicked out of bootcamp. Yeager was a good girl, who always put out 100 percent in whatever she did. Ashley had to think quickly.

"Take those off," she whispered, looking around to make sure the coast was clear. "Get rid of them!" Maureen complied, sliding the clammy shorts off to reveal her pussy, unshaven from the three weeks spent on the Island. "Now change into your cammies. No one has to know about this."

Maureen nodded. "Thank you," she choked out.

"Our secret, okay?" Ashley returned to the quarterdeck. She knew that Maureen Yeager wanted nothing more than to be a Marine, and she couldn't bring herself to rat the poor girl out to the drill instructor. Still, it bugged her to bend the rules, even a little bit.

Staff Sergeant Casey came out of the duty hut. Eyeing the platoon, who was formed up neatly in full uniform, she nodded.

"Well I'll be damned," Casey said, turning to Ashley, "you can follow basic instructions. Unlike some people!" She motioned to Mal, who was exiting the head. The former guide hesitated, shooting Ashley a vengeful look. She was wrapped in a towel and still holding her soaked skivvies.

Ashley stared back. "Recruit Winston," she said, "go get changed."

When Mal began to speak, Staff Sergeant Casey bellowed "You heard your guide, Winston. Get off my quarterdeck!"

Mal scurried off with an "Aye, ma'am." The other recruits eyeballed her and her wet skivvies. Ashley knew that Mal must have felt the 60 pairs of eyes burning into her as she returned to her rack and donned her uniform.

"Platoon 4022," Casey commanded, "Fall out! Recruit Winston, you're staying. I'll deal with you later."

"Aye, ma'am," Mal said, pulling on her pants. Ashley led the recruits out the door, and stood proudly at the head of the formation in the street below, ready to fulfill her duties as the Platoon Guide.

That evening, the recruits finally returned to the squadbay, Recruit Trippler at their head. As they entered, they saw Recruit Winston on the quarterdeck with another drill instructor, Sergeant Quinn. Mal was furiously performing mountain climbers, being berated all the while. Ashley couldn't help but feel bad for her, as this punishment had most likely lasted the entire day. The three empty canteens surrounding Winston affirmed this.

As the platoon formed up along the long yellow line, Sergeant Quinn dismissed the recruit to go take her place on line directly across from Ashley. Staff Sergeant Casey approached her.

"How are we feeling, thing?" she mockingly asked the girl.

"This recruit needs to use the head," Mal said, panting from the exercise.

"After what you did to it this morning? I don't think so," the DI said, walking away. It was far too common for Casey to deny the girls bathroom visits, even for recruits who had done nothing wrong- a practice Ashley strongly disagreed with.

Mal squeezed her knees together, still at the position of attention. She must really have had to go, Ashley thought to herself. Come to think of it, so did she. She hadn't gone to the bathroom since lunchtime.

The drill instructors had exited to squadbay, leaving the recruits silently standing on line. Mal glared across at Ashley, who returned her gaze. She looked toward the head, obviously contemplating making a run for it.

"Don't even think about it, Recruit," Ashley said sternly. "You already broke the rules once today, and we're lucky we didn't catch hell for it."

"Fuck you," Mal said, bouncing in place pathetically. "I'm about to pee my fucking pants."

"You can wait like the rest of these recruits." Ashley knew that the other girls had to go, judging by the fidgeting up and down the line. But they didn't dare go anywhere without the drill instructor's approval. Why the hell didn't Staff Sergeant Casey let them all go before convening with the other DI?

Ashley gritted her teeth. Her pussy was aching she had to go so bad. She didn't want to show any weakness in front of the other recruits, so she silently took it. Staring ahead, she noticed Mal holding her crotch.

"That doesn't look like the position of attention, Winston," Ashley said. "Arms at your side."

Mal muttered "Go fuck yourself" under her breath, but nonetheless returned her arms to her sides, groaning and bending at the knees. Some of the recruits turned to look at the girl in her dilemma. It was obvious what she was about to do.

"Eyes front." Ashley commanded, knowing Mal was going to lose it in her pants. She figured she may as well give the girl some privacy as she soiled herself.

Sure enough, Ashley saw a wet patch explode down her friend's legs. There was a muffled hissing sound, and Mal turned bright red. The green camouflage material of her pants darkened, and Mal closed her eyes. "Fuck..." She hissed. Opening her eyes, she looked at Ashley. "This is your fault, you fucking bitch. You made me piss myself!"

As her stream died off, a puddle formed under her on the cold concrete floor of the squadbay. Mal huffed. "Happy?"

Even though Winston was her rival, Ashley felt awful. Maybe she could have bent the rules a little bit and get her go pee. It would have spared her from this accident, and the inevitable thrashing it would bring on her. It might have even sent a message to the Drill Instructor that she couldn't keep making her recruits hold it for so long. Ashley knew she had to do something, as the other girls murmured to each other in disapproval.

She stepped forward, heading to the front of the squadbay. "Everyone face front," she said. The girls turned to face her. "You all know that if one of us suffers, we all suffer. I'm not going to leave Recruit Winston to deal with this by herself. We're in this together." She made eye contact with Mal, who shared the other girls' look of confusion. Their looks turned into one of shock as Ashley did the unthinkable.

Right there, on the quarterdeck, Ashley Trippler began wetting her pants.

She forced her pee out, standing rigidly at attention. Her legs and crotch instantly glowed with warmth. "If we don't stand up to Drill Instructor Staff Sergeant Casey now, she's going to continue denying us visits to the head," she said, her voice unwavering. Ashley knew she was blushing, but she kept her bearing, brazenly peeing herself in front of the whole platoon. She hoped that she wouldn't be the only one to join Mal in her accident.

Thankfully, her prayers were answered when she heard Jenny giggle. Looking over to her friend, Ashley saw her standing at attention smiling to herself, pee running down her pant legs. She was sighing with relief.

One by one, the other girls in the platoon relaxed their bladders. The room was filled with the dull spraying noises emanating from the recruits' pants. Some girls laughed, others shook their heads in disbelief at the bizarre method of protest. Other just stood there silently wetting their pants. But nearly all of them were urinating where they stood.

Ashley felt the stream of her own urine slacken, and her legs cooled off rapidly. She pushed one last spurt into her pants with a shiver. Then, wordlessly, she marched back to her spot on line, her flooded boots making a squelching sound with each step. Mal stopped her.

"Hey," she whispered. "Uh.. Thanks, I guess." She grinned sheepishly. Ashley felt herself making the same face.

"I sure hope it works."

Ashley stood on line at attention with the rest of the girls in the platoon. Now we wait, Ashley thought to herself. Her heart skipped a beat as she heard the hatch open. The voice of the Company Commander, Staff Sergeant Casey's immediate supervisor, sounded out.

"What in the hell is this, Staff Sergeant?" The officer said. Out of the corner off her eye, Ashley could see Casey standing next to her superior on the quarterdeck. The drill instructor was silent with disbelief. "It looks like half your platoon has urinated in their pants! Have you been giving them bathroom breaks?"

"Ah, perhaps not as many as I should have, ma'am," Casey blurted out.

The company commander stepped forward. "Where's the guide at?"

"Here, ma'am!" Ashley stepped forward, the damp fabric of her camouflage pants clinging to her legs. The company commander motioned for her to come to the quarter deck. Squelching all the way, Ashley approached the officer, who ogled the recruit's soaked trousers. "Ma'am, Guide Trippler reporting as ordered."

"What the hell happened in here?" The company commander asked.

"Ma'am, these recruits were left standing at attention by the drill instructor when they had not had a head break all day. These recruits couldn't wait any longer."

Ashley held her breath, feeling incredibly foolish. The next second or two of silence seemed like an eternity.

"Dismissed," the commander said. She addressed the platoon. "Platoon 4022, go to the head and get cleaned up. I'm going to have a discussion with your drill instructor to make sure something like this never happens again."

Ashley nearly fell over with relief as the recruits shouted "Aye, ma'am!" And filed into the head. She followed them, watching as the company commander escorted Casey out the back hatch, fuming with anger.

The bathroom was crowded with sixty recruits, most of them in pissed pants, trying to peel them off. Ashley quietly moved to a corner, and slid off her soaked pants, unsure of how the recruits felt about her first big decision as the guide. Her skivvies were a wreck, soaked nearly up to the waistband. She felt a hand touch her shoulder.

"You crazy bitch," Mal said, laughing. "I think it actually worked!" Several of the other girls around her cheered her. Jenny stood nearby, still laughing to herself.

"That's gotta be the weirdest thing that's ever happened at Parris Island," Jenny said, sliding her shirt off to reveal her large breasts.

Ashley smiled, filled with relief, as she dropped her skivvies. "I definitely went out on a limb with that one," she laughed. "I felt like an idiot! I haven't pissed my pants since I was like three!"

"Well," Maureen said, entering the shower room, "Looks like that's one problem we won't have to deal with ever again!"

The girls were lighthearted as they washed off, and Ashley was proud that her first day as the Guide had ended on a positive note. She had won the platoon over, and had made amends with her rival. However, as she scrubbed her legs clean of pee, she couldn't help but feel apprehensive that Staff Sergeant Casey would seek retribution for the stunt they pulled that day.

*005*2015-01-19 00:15

Thanks to you who have been following the story, and thanks for all of the input. Here's chapter 3!

Ashley's adventure in the Corps, Chapter 3

"Lights! Lights! Lights!"

Before she even knew that she was awake, Recruit Ashley Trippler found herself standing in line at attention, ready for the morning count-off. It wasn't even 0401, and they had already shouted "Aye, ma'am" to Drill Instructor Staff Sergeant Casey three times.

"Look alive, you sorry swamp donkeys," Casey hollered. She always had a new creative insult to throw at her recruits. "You got thirty seconds to be in full uniform and on line. This week, we're going to the field for combat training." The Staff Sergeant stopped in front of Ashley, who was just pulling her top on. "And out in the field, anything can happen. There's no witnesses. So you recruits had better limber up."

"Aye, ma'am," Ashley shouted, still pulling her blouse over her head. She didn't like the sound of that last remark. Ever since Ashley got her drill instructor in trouble over not giving the recruits enough bathroom breaks, Staff Sergeant Casey had been strangely quiet toward her. No retribution, no revenge, not even a single word spoken about the matter. But now that they were about to spend a week alone with their DI in the swamp, Ashley felt immensely apprehensive.

"Take your time, Recruit Hansley," Casey shouted to Jenny, who was still trying to pull one of her boots on. "I've got all week to play games with you in the swamp. I'll wait."

Once the recruits were dressed, the DI ordered them to grab their rucks, which they had packed full of equipment the night before. Ashley estimated that the whole kit weighed at least 60 pounds- half her own body weight. It was a six mile hike out to the training area, but they had already become accustomed to walking long distances with heavy loads. Even Jenny, who had a short, thick frame, could keep up with the taller girls on road marches, but they had never hiked for more than five miles before. Ashley, as the guide, would be marching first in the formation though, so she planned on setting a slower pace for the girls in he rear.

The girls flooded out of the squadbay into the morning chill. It was February, and even in South Carolina the temperatures could near freezing. Ashley's breath fogged in front of her as she stood at the head of the platoon holding the guidon, the flag that bore the platoon's number on it. She felt a presence over her right shoulder.

"You're not gonna fall out of this march, are you Guide?" Staff Sergeant Casey growled.

"No, ma'am."

"Then you'd better hydrate," Casey slapped the canteen hanging at Recruit Trippler's side. She addressed the platoon. "As a matter of fact, all of you recruits hydrate. I don't want to see one set of tits lagging behind! Got it?"

Grudgingly, the girls of platoon 4022 downed a full canteen of water each. They knew that when their DI told them to drink water, she meant them to suck down their whole one quart canteen.

"Platoon," Casey shouted, "forward, march!"

On the command, the platoon began shuffling forward at Ashley's pace. It was silent, save for the clomping of boots on the asphalt and the thick breathing of the girls.

After ten minutes of marching, they had exited the main training area of the island, and the paved road turned into gravel. Spanish moss hung from the tree limbs above. Had they not been conducting a road March under full pack, Ashley may have even enjoyed the brisk morning walk. But the pack straps were digging into her shoulders, and the chest strap was squashing her boobs. Not to mention the uncomfortable pressure the waist strap was placing on her bladder.

Ashley grimaced. In their rush to get out of the door, none of the girls had bothered to ask the Drill Instructor for a bathroom break. Ever since Ashley had stood up to the Staff Sergeant, they had rarely been denied visits to the head. But Casey took it upon herself to assume that if nobody asked, they didn't have to go.

The recruits trudged on, growing increasingly uncomfortable with each step. They crossed a bridge over a rushing creek, the musty smell of the swamp filling their nostrils. The running water was doing nothing to help the girls' growing need to pee. After they crossed the bridge, they heard Staff Sergeant Casey shouting from the rear of the formation.

"Are you kidding me? We haven't even made it past the two mile mark yet! We ain't stopping for a break till we're halfway, Hansley!"

Ashley rolled her eyes, frustrated at the fact that Jenny was already falling behind. But she realized that her need to urinate had caused her to significantly increase the pace of the march. She chopped her steps, allowing the girls behind her to catch up.

From over her shoulder, she heard the voice of Mal Winston.

"Come on," she complained, "we gotta make some tracks. Casey's going to lose it if she sees you slowing down."

"We're in this together, Mal, remember?" she scolded. "I'm not leaving anyone behind. If anyone falls out of this hike, they might not make it to graduation."

Maureen Yager chimed in from next to Mal. "I dunno about you all, but this pack strap digging into my stomach is making me have to pee so bad."

Ashley knew that she wasn't the only one. "We're only another ten or so minutes till the halfway point. I'm sure we can talk the Drill Instructor into giving us a bathroom break then."

"I guess we're wetting in the woods," Mal groaned. "I hate peeing outside. It's too damn cold and I always piss on myself!"

"You obviously weren't a Girl Scout," Maureen giggled. "If I had a nickel for each time I've gone pee outside, I'd be a millionaire."

"I'll have to stick with you then," Mal said, laughing. "Teach me your ways, you barbarian woman."

Even Ashley couldn't help but laugh at the last remark. She snuck a quick peek to her rear to make sure that the drill instructor was nowhere near. Maureen and Mal stood shoulder to shoulder, their foreheads glistening with sweat.

"How ridiculous do we look right now?" Maureen asked.

"Not gonna lie, you all are some hot ass bitches," Ashley joked. Even though the two girls were disheveled from the road march, they were both still very pretty. Mal had a modern beauty about her, platinum blonde hair and light eyes, not to mention her generous curves. Maureen had more of a classic look- darker hair drawn up over a long face. They complimented each other well.

In the back of the formation, Staff Sergeant Casey was still berating Jenny. Ashley heard heavy, running footsteps, and turned to see the drill instructor running to the front of the formation, dragging Jenny behind her by her pack strap.

"Here, guide," she spat, "take this thing and keep her from falling behind. If she falls out one more time, I swear to God I'm gonna drown you in the fucking swamp!"

Jenny's mouth hung open in exhaustion, stands of her tangled hair getting caught between her lips. She was a real sight for sore eyes, and if Ashley hadn't have known what she looked like on a normal day, she would have been repulsed. Nevertheless, Ashley reached out to her.

"Okay, stick up here with us, you can do this," Ashley said, as Casey ran to the rear of the formation to look for more stragglers. Noticing that her friend had a sort of limp to her step, Ashley asked "What's wrong, did you roll your ankle?"

"Just... Really... Gotta pee." Jenny panted in between breaths. Ashley moved Jenny in front of her, pushing on her pack for encouragement.

"Just hang on, I'm sure we'll stop soon." Jenny's slow gait was causing the rest of the platoon to falter. Ashley knew she had to do something about it, and quick, before the Drill Instructor returned. "Come on, step it out," she encouraged. Jenny could only mumble back. Her hand had moved from her pack strap down to her crotch.

"Hey, news flash," Casey shouted from the rear of the formation, "slow and steady does NOT win my goddamn race! Speed and intensity does! Now get some in your nasty bodies and step it the fuck out!"

Jenny groaned. Ashley knew there was only one way out of this situation that didn't end with Jenny failing bootcamp.

"Jenny, you can't fall out of this one, everything's at stake here," she said, leaning over her friend's shoulder. "Now I don't care what you have to do to walk faster, but you do it right now. You know what I mean."

She could see Jenny nod. Ashley looked down to see if she was doing it. "Yep," Ashley thought, "she's doing it."

As she was walking at the head of the column, Jenny was flooding her pants. Streams of piss cascaded down her legs, soaking the fabric of her pants, which were already damp from sweat. She was leaving a wet trail along the gravel road behind her, and Ashley hoped that she was the only one looking down.

Mal shook her head. "Ugh, gross," she retorted. Ashley turned to her.

"You're one to talk about peeing your pants," Ashley retorted.

"At least I didn't do it on purpose!" Mal said, blushing.

Jenny sighed in relief. Fountains of pee were cascading down her legs, bursting out of her soaked pants legs.

"Goddamn," Ashley said, "are you trying to piss a hole in your trousers?" The girls giggled.

"This is.. the worst day... of my life," Jenny gasped, pee still streaming down her legs. Nevertheless, she laughed along with her friends. As her piss stream died down, Jenny's pace finally matched the rest of the platoon.

Ashley saw her looking down to assess the damage she had inflicted to her camouflage trousers.

"Keep your head up," Ashley said, "you can't really tell that you peed yourself." It was only partially a lie- though Jenny's pants were damp from sweat all over, there was a clear soaked patch on her ass and down the inside of her legs. Hopefully it would dry before they stopped.

"God," Maureen said, fiddling with her waist strap, "that really didn't help me."

"Me neither," Mal added, "I have to piss like a racehorse!"

The girls plodded on in misery. Ashley was in the same boat as her friends, as the pressure on her bladder was becoming almost unbearable. Maybe if she just let a little spurt out...

Her crotch instantly burst with warmth, and she almost lost her step trying to regain control of it. She felt a few damp droplets rolling down the inside her legs. "Oops," she thought, "terrible idea!" Her need to pee increased exponentially, so much that she considered just letting the rest out into her pants, just as Jenny had done earlier. Thankfully, the voice of Staff Sergeant Casey sounded out from the rear.

"Platoon, halt!" The girls shuffled to a stop. They were in a wooded area, with no sign of civilization in sight. "Drop packs. Drink water!"

"Fuck no," Ashley thought to herself. Just as she was about to raise her voice to ask for a head call, several recruits in the middle of the formation sounded off with the same question.

"Make it quick," came the response. Ashley pulled the quick release on her pack, dropping it to the ground in front of her. She quickly made for the tree line. "Just where the fuck do you think you're going?" Staff Sergeant Casey shouted at the group of girls. "You ain't wetting or messing or putting on makeup or whatever the fuck you want to do until my packs look neat!"

The recruits shouted in the affirmative, and quickly jumped back on their packs, lining them up nearly. Ashley rolled her eyes as another warm spurt of piss jetted into her pants, and rolled down her clammy legs.

"Is she serious?" Mal whispered to Ashley, "I'm pissin' my pants here! Look!" She pointed to her crotch, where a thin streak of urine was spreading down her pant leg.

"Come on, clench it," Ashley said, fixing her pack. She glanced down the line, seeing several of the girls holding their crotches, waiting for the rest of the packs to get fixed.

"Ugh," Maureen said, bouncing up and down on her knees, "I just want to pee!"

"At least you haven't gone in your pants yet," Jenny piped up. "The last hour has been miserable!"

"I'm fuckin' doing it in my pants right now!" Mal squealed, another few drops wetting the camouflage crotch of her pants.

With the packs finally in order, Casey finally dismissed the recruits. "Okay, you got five minutes, go do your business," she hollered. The girls nearly tripped over each other running to the tree line.

Ashley frantically fumbled for her belt. She ripped her pants down, and stuck her ass out, facing a small tree. Finally, she relaxed her bladder, peeing full force onto the moist ground. "Ahhhhh," she breathed, her piss splattering loudly. "Fuck that feels good."

Maureen was standing a short distance away with Mal. Both were undoing their belts, and Ashley tuned into Maureen's voice.

"...And then you just kind of stick your butt out so you don't pee on your pants, and let her rip!"

Mal had slid her pants down, which had streaks down her legs from where she had already started peeing. Her legs shone in the early morning light, and the light blonde hair of her pussy glinted, droplets of urine clinging to it. "Okay, here goes nothing," she said, as she steadily lowered her ass toward the ground. She started peeing well before she was in a full squat, and some of the liquid splashed onto her pants. The splashing sound of her stream combined with Ashley's.

"Not bad for a first go," Maureen said, dropping her pants, "but check this out. You can use a tree..." She backed up against a tree trunk, steadying her ass against it. She began forcefully urinating down the tree trunk. "...To steady yourself, so that it's a little easier."

"Show off," Ashley said, watching her pee pool up between her boots.

"What is this, a fucking piss party?"Staff Sergeant Casey bellowed, stomping through the brush toward the girls. Mal started, and her piss stream halted temporarily. "Well don't let me interrupt you, Winston."

"Aye ma'am," Mal said. She grunted, and resumed her stream.

The drill instructor looked around at the peeing girls. "You bitches are pathetic. Let me show you how it's done!"

The girls were speechless as the drill instructor yanked her pants to her knees. Placing her hands on the lips of her shaved pussy, she began peeing strongly. Using her hand, she had managed to angle her stream away from her, so that she was effectively wetting while standing.

"How bout them apples!" Casey said, spraying piss all over the bushes in front of her.

"Impressive, ma'am," Ashley ventured.

"Shut your whore mouth," Casey said, finishing up her stream strongly, "that was a rhetorical question." She pulled her pants back up. "Now get your shit together and get back in formation!"

The girls exchanged glances as the Staff Sergeant walked out of the tree line.

"That was... Bizarre," Maureen said, hitching up her pants.

"Tell me about it," said Ashley, doing the same. Mal stood there for a moment, attempting to dry off her legs from where she had leaked on herself.

"Fuck, this is the worst," she griped.

"At least you didn't completely soak yourself like Jenny," Maureen said.

Back at the packs, Jenny was sitting down, her pants drying on her legs.

"Let's go," Ashley said, grabbing her bag, "get kitted up, we're gonna have to move again in a few minutes."

The girls threw their packs on, and Staff Sergeant Casey gave the order to resume marching. The sun was only just rising, and the girls were already exhausted. As she gazed down the long, wooded road, Ashley thought to herself that it would certainly be a long week.

*007*2015-01-21 12:03

Thanks for the feedback folks! Feel free to comment with suggestions on what you'd like to read in the next chapter!

