Yoga Blunder

Author: MrSmallman

*000*2014-01-05 05:48

Melanie was exhausted as finals week drew to a close. She sat in her campus coffee shop for the free internet and drinking her typical latte order, preparing for her afternoon yoga class. She had a pair of the tightest, but faded black yoga pants on combined with a tight pink shirt and thong. She finished up her latte and grabbed a bottle of water as she left the serene café. Her bladder was full, but she really wasn't in the mood to be late for her class.

"Ugh, I might end up being late." She thought. The class was a relaxing experience, so she hated to miss very much of it, and she never had. She walked through the busy campus spaced with rolling green fields and falls class buildings, trying to conceal her growing desperation. It was only two more blocks, Melanie thought, and picked up her pace because her bladder was at its max capacity.

Trying to avoid embarrassment, she started almost jogging, resisting the urge to jam her hands in her crotch or cross her legs. The door was in sight, which allowed Melanie to slow her pace and slip inside. She could no longer resist as she jammed her hands again the crotch of her slim body, still having to clients a flight of stairs due to her class residing on the second floor. Her bladder was now at its point of bursting and restricted any quick movements. She felt her crotch dampen and tightened her grip as she was now almost at the top of the stairs, and was NOT going to wet herself now.

"The bathroom is right next door, I'll use it real quick and then head to class." Her plan was solid. She finally made it to the top and began inching her way to the hallway containing the bathroom. As she approached the door, she lost control of a small spurt as it left a thumb sized wet spot on her faded black yogas. Melanie greeted the bathroom door with a loving sigh of relief. However, this was short lived as a sign was posted on the door that said "Out of Order, pleas use third floor restrooms."

Dread swarmed her mind as she realised she would never make it. Her hands were already slightly covered with her clear pee. She thought about the water bottle in her backpack, but the it was too late. A dark black stream shot down the leg of her tight yoga pants and was followed by several others. She gripped her crotch as tightly as possible to no avail. Urine was completely recoloring her pants to the point the entirety of both legs and the crotch were a black wetness. She had pee her pants so badly she even left a good sized puddle on the floor at her feet.

She walked in humility to the next available restroom and hid in the stall. Melanie rolled her pants down to reveal her soaked thong. She had no change of clothes, so with her wits she devised a plan. She grabbed the bottle of water and walked back to the door outside the yoga room. She open the door "tripped and "accidentally" spilled the water all over her pants. She played it off as a joke and went home embarrassment free.

For the record, I almost lost this. I was pretty mad till I found a convenient backup. The leprechaun of omorashi must be handing me luck.

*002*2014-01-05 21:12

{{:

Hullo, you asked for a review, so here it is:

I'd say this story is good technically, but missing in any kind of creativity. There's drinking, then desperation, then wetting, and some commentary around the edges that makes the girl slightly less of a sphere in vacuum, but still leaves her entirely personality-less. I'm not quite sure what to suggest here, though; perhaps you simply need to experiment more.

On the technical side, you've got "still having to clients a flight of stairs" in the third paragraph, which I'm guessing should have been "climbs".

}}

Yeah, stupid auto correct. I write from my phone.

