Vocaloid omorashi

Author: Baka

*000*2011-04-01 09:48

Warning. Male desperation. Wetting. Borderline yaoi? My first fanfic...be nice T.T

"Kaiiitooo~~" The loud voice of a certain leek-obsessed tealette called, in her annoyingly high pitched tone. "Master wanted to see you~~~"

The blue-haired Vocaloid looked up momentarily, a goofy smile decorating his features. He loved it when Master called for him. He loved singing for his Master. It was what they were made to do, but for some reason he found that just being with Master made him happy.

"KAITO! Stop spacing out!" Miku yelled, snapping him back to reality. Kaito blinked - once, twice, then nodded, finishing up the rest of his vanilla snow-cones. As he stood up, he felt a slight pressure pushing onto his lower abdomen. He frowned, realizing he hadn't been to the bathroom for a while. He pondered if he should go, not wanting to keep Master waiting. In the end, he decided to go - after all, he wanted to be at his best singing for Master.

He shuffled slowly towards the bathroom, only to see a yellow figure push past him abruptly, disappearing into the bathroom. Rin's head popped out from behind the door, grinning devilishly. "Taken!" she yelled, before slamming the door in a surprised Kaito's face. Seconds later, Len came running across, banging on the door with a pained expression on his face. "RIN!" he cried, twisting his legs together. "This isn't funny, dammit! I need to PEEEEEEEE!"

Kaito shook his head. At this rate, it would take ages. He gave up, and headed upstairs, going straight for Master's recording room.

The Stage. That was what they all called it. It wasn't a big stage, the kind where they performed to millions of loving fans, but here, they performed to the most important person in their lives.

As if on cue, Master spoke, smiling warmly at Kaito. "Ah, Kaito! Please have a seat."

"Thank you, Master," Kaito replied politely, bowing slightly. He frowned when the pressure on his bladder made itself evident again, but shrugged it off. He sat down in the chair, watching as Master rummaged through his files, finally pulling up a page of manuscript, complex notes and lyrics written on it.

"Icecream, Come," Kaito read aloud. Already his heart was leaping with joy. Ice-cream was his most favourite thing in the whole world...other than his Master, of course.

Master chuckled. "What do you think? Wrote it specially for you...I know how much you like ice-cream..."

"Yep!" They both shared a moment of laughter, before Master handed the Vocaloid a pair of headphones, with a microphone attached. Music started to play in the background, and Kaito nodded his head along with the beat. It was catchy.

"Just practice for a while. I think this song would really suit you," Master said. "I'll be back later, so just keep working hard, okay? I know you can do it." The brown-haired man patted Kaito on the head before leaving.

Kaito nodded, reading the music again. "Awaki beni iro no sutoroberi...itoshi atoaji no guriintii...sore...demo banira wa hazuse naku..."

He smiled after finishing the first verse, but that grin disappeared when he realized he had underestimated his need for the bathroom. He could feel his bladder slowly filling up, and immediately regretted eating so much icecream before. "Ugh..." he muttered aloud. No problem, he thought to himself. I'll just ask Master later...

So he paused the song, the rewound it, singing it from the beginning. He was totally focused into the song that he only realized someone was watching him when he heard the clapping sound from behind him. He turned around quickly, seeing Master, giving him a thumbs up. "Great work, Kaito. You've gotten the hang of it really quickly...want to try recording now?" Kaito bit his lip. Should I...ask him?

"Uh...Sure!" He decided against it. I want to sing for Master, he thought determinedly. This is my chance! Miku and the others have been getting so many new songs lately, I was beginning to think he forgot me...

The familiar tune started playing again, and he opened his mouth to sing. After finishing the first verse, he was surprised that the music suddenly stopped. Master frowned. "Kaito, try to sing like the first time. Your voice is a bit strained...are you nervous? Don't worry, I'm here."

Kaito chuckled a bit, looking away. His need to urinate was really bothering him now. "Actually...uh...Could I um...use the bathroom please?" Master laughed. "Of course, Kaito."

The blue haired Vocaloid gratefully stood up, taking brisk steps downstairs, heading for the toilet again. His place slowed when he heard the sound of running water and a familiar voice so high pitched that it could only belong to Miku, belting out the lyrics of "World is Mine." He groaned, knocking on the door. "Miku! How long are you going to take?!" he yelled. The singing stopped for a moment, then Miku screamed back, "A while!" before going back to singing.

Kaito winced, and not just because of Miku's voice. What kind of a person takes a shower at this time? He cursed his luck. The water from the shower was not helping his state either. Not at all.

I suppose I could ask to use Master's personal bathroom...he thought, then rapidly shook his head. No! I can't do that...it'll be too embarrassing. Besides, I'm old enough to hold it...

His mind made up, the bluenette made his way back to the studio, thighs clenched. His walking was slightly rigid, and Master noticed this as he walked in. However, he didn't think anything of them, not knowing why the Vocaloid was acting odd today.

They continued recording, and Kaito was finding it harder and harder to resist the urge to cross his legs. The pressure was getting really uncomfortable - he didn't remember ever been in this kind of situation before. Sure he had witnessed Meiko wet herself once when she was drunk, and Len seemed pretty desperate earlier...

No! I shouldn't think about stuff like that. Think dry...deserts...forests...the sky...A sudden image of rain entered his mind, and he clenched his thighs suddenly, his singing abruptly coming to a halt. Master gave him a quizzical look, causing Kaito to blush. "S-Sorry. I lost where I was up to..." he lied lamely. Think icecream! Strawberry, green tea, vanilla...he winced as he thought of them melting. He quickly shook his head, succumbing to his urge and crossed his legs. The temporary relief it brought him gave him the motivation he needed to keep singing.

Finally, the song was over, and he sighed, staring at the clock absentmindedly. Phew...I can go now...However, unluckily for him, Master didn't seem pleased with the recording. "You need to be bolder. You need to show passion...I don't understand, Kaito. You sound so...restrained...today. Are you feeling okay?" He walked over to him, feeling his forehead. "You're sweating...are you sick?" Kaito shook his head, biting his lower lip again. "I'm...fine," he replied, forcing out a small smile. He really, truly needed a bathroom now. He wanted to ask again, but didn't know how Master would react. After all, he should have gone only a while ago...

"Hang on, I'll get you a drink." Kaito stared after him, wanting to scream out NO, but he couldn't do that. With Master out of the room, he bent over a little and shoved his hand between his legs, rocking back and forth. Ugh, I really need to go...Could I sneak out...? The possibility crossed his mind, but he knew it wasn't an option. "It won't be long," he said aloud, attempting to calm himself. His bladder was sending out waves of desperation, and he squeezed himself tightly, trying to hold it back.

Suddenly, footsteps were heard outside. The shock caused him to release a small spurt of urine. It wasn't visible, but reminded Kaito just how badly he needed to pee. He gasped, forcibly clutching himself, letting go just as Master walked back. He handed Kaito a small glass of water, who gulped at the sight of it. His bladder protested greatly - the visual stimulation caused him to release anther spurt again. He fought the urge to hold himself, rubbing his thighs together instead. Gingerly, he took the glass from Master and put it to his lips, feeling the cool liquid run down his throat. Gasping, he stood up to place the empty glass on the table, holding himself when he had his back turned to Master.

Of course, his odd behavior didn't go unnoticed by the brown-haired man. Is he okay? Master thought worriedly. Maybe he IS sick...

"Let's try again, Master..." Kaito said quietly. Master frowned. "No, it's obvious you're not feeling well..."

"I can do it!" Kaito protested, but immediately doubled over as he felt another spurt. "Ahh-" Tears were stating to form in his eyes. He was ashamed, but especially upset that he had disappointed his Master. "I'm sorry, Master!" he cried, now giving up trying to hide his need. He squirmed in his seat, shoving both his hands into his crotch, unable to stay still. "Nngh..." He looked up to Master with nothing but pure desperation. "I need to...I...bathroom..." he gasped.

The brunette man stared at him in shock, not able to keep watching his favourite Vocaloid in such agony. "But...didn't you go a while ago...?"

"Miku...shower...AH!" Another spurt. A small wet patch was forming on his pants now. "I need to pee!" he practically sobbed, doing everything he could to ease the desperation.

"Okay, okay! Why didn't you tell me?" Master was panicking too, unable to stand watching Kaito helplessly. He slapped himself mentally for not noticing Kaito's signs until now. "Can you walk? My bathroom is only down the hall. Come on." He hurriedly made his way towards Kaito, helping him up.

Kaito leaned against Master, bouncing up and down, hands glued between his legs. He could feel the warm urine trickling out, and moaned, pressing his thighs together. "I can't...I can't hold it anymore..."

I can't wet myself like this! Kaito thought, moaning in agony. Beads of sweat trickled down his face. Not in front of Master...no...I can't...

"You can do it. Come on." Master's reassuring voice calmed him a little, allowing him to take a few more steps, out of the recording studio. He came to an abrupt stop when he felt uncontrollable spurts force their way out, soaking his pants. He grasped himself even tighter, leaning against the walls, vainly attempting to hold back the rest of the flood.

"Just go, Kaito..." Master said softly. He didn't want to see Kaito in pain like this, but the Vocaloid refused. "I'm...close..." He panted, taking a few more steps, each jolting his bladder. He cried out, feeling the last shreds of his control die away. He sank to the floor, crying as he felt the warmth fill his pants, creating a puddle around him. The relief was unimaginable - but at the same time a heavy feeling filled his heart. He was ashamed to look at Master. I wonder what he'll think of me now...he thought sadly.

"Kaito..."

"I'm sorry, Master-"

"Don't be...I understand. Why don't you go take a shower first...I'll clean this up and find you some dry clothing...okay?"

"You don't have to...it's my fault..." Kaito weakly protested. Master laughed. "Don't worry, Kaito." he walked towards the Vocaloid, wiping away his tears. "And don't cry. Say, I'll buy you some icecream later, how's that?" Kaito nodded slowly. "O-Okay..."

As he stood up, walking past Master, he wondered briefly why the brown-haired man had an unusual bulge in his pants...

###

So...Ahem. I'm not a good writer...I just had a sudden inspiration wave...and since I love Vocaloid Kaito...his icecream song...and the MasterxKaito pairing...ahem. Awkwardness ==;

