Poor her - Page 4

Author: largebio

*075*2018-08-05 14:55

Barely an hour after falling asleep, Ellen wakes up. She needs to pee again, badly.

She looks around the dark tent for her bikini, but fails to find it.

“No way I’m gonna go out to pee naked”, she thinks to herself.

She squirms around in her sleeping bag for fifteen more minutes. “I really gotta go find my bikini”, she thinks.

She tries to be as quiet as possible, as to not wake anyone. But Laura wakes up anyway: “what’s up?”.

“I really gotta go pee”, Ellen answers, “but I can’t find my bikini”, she continues, hand in her crotch.

“Pee your sleeping bag”, Laura suggests.

“I can’t, what if my parents find out?”, Ellen says.

“Pee on mine”, Laura suggests, “I’m gonna pee mine in a minute anyways”, she continues, as a hissing sound fills the tent.

“Sounds like you already are”, Ellen says.

“Nope, that’s not me. It’s probably Anna wetting herself sleeping. She has nighttime accidents every now and then”.

“You sure I can pee on your sleeping bag?”, Ellen asks.

“Absolutely, come sit on the end an relax”, Laura answers.

Ellen does as instructed, but despite her desperation, nothing comes out.

“Just relax”, Laura says, “the first time was hard for me too”.

After a minute, Ellen’s pee starts pouring out.

“Good job”, Laura says, “now if you don’t mind... I really gotta go”, and Laura starts peeing too.

After a minute, their streams die down. Feeling relieved, Ellen returns to her sleeping bag.

“Thanks Laura. I feel much better now. And naughty”, Ellen whispers with a massive smile on her face.

She can’t help but touch herself a little, before she falls back asleep.

TO BE CONTINUED

*078*2018-08-05 19:59

Later that night, Natalia wakes up needing to pee. Without thinking twice, she pees her sleeping bag and goes back to sleep.

Then Emma wakes up, her bladder full to the brim. Still half asleep, she grabs herself for a second.

Slowly, she realises where she is: naked, in her friends’ tent. Desperately, she looks for her bikini, but - like her younger sister earlier - she can’t find it in the darkness. Instead, she decides to go back to sleep and wait till the morning.

She manages to fall asleep for half an hour, but wakes up even more desperate. She realises there’s no way she can wait till the morning. But again unable to find her bikini, she decides to hold on anyway.

Exhausted, she even falls back asleep. But ten minutes later, she wakes to a leak escaping her pussy. Instantly, she grabs herself with both hands to try and stop the leak. Succeeding, but there’s a saucer sized wet spot below her butt.

“What do I do?”, she asks herself quietly. “I’m 17, I can’t be wetting my sleeping bag”.

Another leak. She grabs herself again, stopping it.

“But I can’t get out naked either”, her thoughts continue.

Another leak. Her hands are now wet, the wet spot has grown to be the size of a dinner plate.

“Come on, you’re a big girl. Almost an adult. You can hold your pee”.

But thinking of the word pee causes her to leak again. And again. And again.

Within half a minute, she starts to uncontrollably pee in her sleeping bag.

“What am I doing? Why can’t I hold it?”, she thinks, feeling very ashamed.

For a minute, her bladder empties itself, soaking her sleeping bag.

Wondering how she’ll hide it from her parents, she tries to fall back asleep, succeeding after an hour.

TO BE CONTINUED

*081*2018-08-06 05:37

“What happened sis?”, Ellen asks, seeing she’s the only one waking up in a dry sleeping bag.

“I woke up and I needed to pee. But I couldn’t find my bikini. So I decided to wait. But then it.. it just came out”, Emma says. “What will mom and dad think?”

“We’ll find a way to hide it”, Ellen says. “Actually, I had a similar experience”.

Ellen proceeds with telling her story. “But I feel so sorry for you”. Then, she starts peeing: “ I can’t be the only one with a dry sleeping bag, can I?”

Since it’s their last day on the camping for all five of them, the girls clean their tents and sleeping bags and start to pack their stuff.

“We need to go out with a bang”, Anna says.

“What did you have in mind?”, Ellen asks.

“It’s a surprise. But set your alarm for 3 AM. And make sure you gotta pee”, Anna answers.

The girls spend the rest of the day on the beach, peeing their bikini whenever they feel the need to do so.

At three in the morning, the five of them walk to the nearest bathroom building.

“Is this it? Are we gonna pee in a toilet for the first time in days?”, Natalia asks.

“Technically, yes”, Anna answers.

The girls are stunned. How can this be going out with a bang? Then, Anna surprises them again by opening the men’s room door.

She walks up to the urinal and takes her bikini bottoms down and aims for the urinal. She spreads her labia and starts pissing.

At first, her pee falls to the floor, but re-ajusting her aim she manages to get most of it in the urinal.

“Great aim”, Laura compliments her.

“Thanks”, Anna says.

Seeing Anna relieve herself causes Emma to do a pee-pee dance, so the others say she can go next.

She takes down her bikini bottoms and lets go, her pee falling straight down. She tries to aim better, but only her last few seconds of pee hit the urinal.

“Oh well. Too bad”, she giggles.

Then it’s Ellen’s turn. Last time - pissing from the boat - her bush prevented her from reaching any distance on her pee. But now having a bald pussy, her stream has quite some force behind it. And she has a talent for aiming too, as the vast majority ends up in the urinal.

“Awesome aim and power”, Natalia says.

“Yeah sis, you seem to have talent for pissing like a boy”, Emma laughs.

“I guess...”, Ellen answers.

Then, Laura and Natalia decide to up the ante some more. Simultaneously, they take their bikini bottoms down and aim for the urinal.

Being on an angle, so that they both can pee at the same time, isn’t helping their aim.

“That’s a really hot sight”, Anna thinks to herself seeing her cousins mostly miss the urinal. “That’s a really hot sight”.

“That was awesome”, Laura says.

“Absolutely”, Natalia giggles.

Then, the girls head back to their tent and quickly fall back asleep.

TO BE CONTINUED

*085*2018-08-08 19:53

The next morning Anna, Laura and Natalia say goodbye to Ellen and Emma. They promise to keep in touch.

The three of them then take their places in the backseat of the car as their father drives off.

After two and a halve hours, they pull into a rest area to stretch their legs. The three girls walk to the ladies room.

“That smell’s disgusting”, Laura says.

“I’ll hold it till lunch”, Natalia says.

“Me too”, Anna adds.

Laura isn’t sure what to do, she really does need to pee, but the toilet’s so disgusting, she really doesn’t want to.

“Me too”, she says hesitantly.

The girls head back to the car, and the dad drives off again.

Laura sits in the backseat, feeling her bladder slowly fill. She starts shifting in her seat.

“Oh god, why didn’t I just go despite the nasty toilet?”, she silently asks herself. She then crosses her legs, hoping they’ll stop for lunch soon.

Ten minutes later, she discretely folds her hands in het crotch. Softly squeezing herself through her light grey shorts and knickers.

“How much longer until lunch?”, she then hears coming from her left.

It’s Natalia asking, sitting with her legs tightly squeezed together, hands folded in her crotch.

“An hour and a half sweety”, her mom answers.

“An hour and a half?”, Laura thinks. “No way I can hold it long enough”.

“Any chance we can stop before that?”, Natalia asks worried. “I kinda have to pee”.

“I think you know the answer to that. We wanna reach our hotel for tonight in time for dinner, remember? Didn’t you go at our last stop?”, her mom asks.

“The toilets were disgusting”, Natalia answers.

“I agree, but I went anyway, and so did your dad”, her mom says.

“Ok I should have gone”, Natalia says. “But please, can we pull over soon. I’m not sure I can wait an hour and a half”.

“Well, you gotta. And don’t you dare wet my car”, her father says, joining the discussion.

Defeated, Natalia shuts her mouth. She decides to just silently hold her pee.

Laura followed the discussion with mixed feelings. At least now she knows she isn’t the only one desperate to pee. But she also knows that there’s hardly any chance she’ll reach lunch dry.

For half an hour, the sisters sit squirming in their seats. Then, Laura leaks. Silently, she manages to stop the leak. But deep down she nearly starts crying.

“Dad, please pull into the nearest rest stop”, Natalia says five minutes later. “I’ve leaked into my knickers”.

“For god’s sake Natalia, you’re 20, you should be able to hold your pee”, her dad says furiously.

“I know dad. I’m sorry”, Natalia says softly.

Then a hiss fills the car.

“Natalia! Are you pissing yourself?”, her mom asks.

“No. My knickers are damp. But no”, Natalia answers.

“Laura?”, her mom then asks.

But, despite her leaking, Laura is still hanging on too.

The hiss oriniginates from Anna’s crotch. She had fallen asleep half an hour ago, and is now having one of her infamous sleeping accidents.

But the sound of her cousin’s accident is causing Natalia to leak again.

Minutes later, she fully loses control.

“Mom...”, she says, tears rolling down her face, “I’m peeing my pants”.

Indeed, pee has soaked through her black shorts and is now cascading down the seat onto the floor.

“I.... I’m sorry”.

At the same time, Laura’s light grey shorts have turned dark gray around her crotch and butt. Slowly, the wetness expands until she too loses all control.

And thus, when they walk into the restaurant for lunch, all three girls do so in drenched shorts.

TO BE CONTINUED

*088*2018-08-09 20:17

"Ohhh please hurry", Ellen thinks to herself.

She's waiting in a long line for the ladies room. Her legs are crossed as she's bouncing up and down.

She can see women leaving and entering the stalls, but the queue is hardly moving.

"Ohhhh, how long is it gonna take?"

Occasionally, she grabs herself through her light blue jean shorts.

"Finally, some movement"", she thinks, taking three steps forward.

She is almost constantly rubbing her aching belly through her pink tank top.

Still, women are entering the stalls, but to Ellen it seems there are constantly 20 women in front of her, no matter how many she sees entering the stalls.

"Where do these girls keep coming from?", she silently asks herself.

It takes ages, but the line is slowly disappearing in front of her.

By the time seven girls are left in front, Ellen is doing a full on pee-pee dance and her hand is constantly buried in her crotch.

"Almost there. Just keep holding on, you can't wet yourself in line", she keeps telling herself.

Then, out of nowhere, the women in front of her just leave the queue. For a second, Ellen wonders what's happening. But she soon races to one of the free stalls.

She locks the door behind her and - miraculously without leaking - yanks her shorts and knickers down.

For two minutes she just pees and pees, but she doesn't feel any relieve.

Until finally....

Her eyes open. Immediately, she realises she's sitting in the car and discretely, she feels her knickers. To her delight, they're bone dry, but her bladder is achingly full.

"Mom, dad, I really need to pee. Can we please find a rest stop?", she asks.

"Sure honey", her dad answers.

Five minutes pass by. Ellen is tightly squeezing her legs together.

Another five minutes, she now has her left hand buried in her crotch.

"Awww, is my little sister gonna pee pee in the car?", Emma asks in a childish voice.

"No!", Ellen answers sternly. But she knows she's about to. She really has to find a loo soon.

A minute passes, Ellen is sweating and constantly rocking back and forth. Then a sign, rest stop in five kilometers.

Three minutes later, her father parks the car right next to the bathrooms. Ellen jumps out, and runs to the door, both hands on her crotch.

She has to compose herself a little so she can use one hand to open the door.

As she does, she sees a disgusting, large, French squatting toilet. A little girl is squatting in one corner, holding her mother's hand, an older woman - about 40 - is squatting in another corner.

For a second she doubts. "Should I wait to get some privacy?".

But a short spurt decides for her, she has to go right now. She waddles over to a free corner and yanks her shorts and knickers down. Before she can properly squat, her bladder starts emptying itself, but she manages to keep her clothes dry.

As she is peeing, Emma walks in: "Made it?", she asks, taking her own shorts and knickers down.

"Just in time", Ellen answers. The leak has caused a dime-sized wet spot on her black knickers, but that's all.

Relieved she made it in time, Ellen pulls her knickers and shorts back up and walks back to the car.

"That was way too close", she tells herself.

TO BE CONTINUED

PS. for your reference, these events took place at the same time as the events described in my previous chapter

*090*2018-08-09 20:24

{{2 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

What a excellent chapter

}}

Thanks!

*093*2018-08-10 06:34

Laura, Natalia and Anna are sitting in the restaurant, everybody's staring in their wet clothes.

Not looking anyone in the eyes, they eat lunch.

"I hope the emberassment helps you teach a lesson. At 15, 18 and 20 you shouldn't be wetting yourselves", mom says.

"Yeah mom, we're sorry", Laura says.

After lunch the girls empty their bladders as they know they won't be stopping for another three and a halve hours until the hotel.

The first three hours pass by smoothly, the girls have been feeling their bladder fill up, but know relieve is only half an hour away.

But then they drive straight into a traffic jam.

"I hope the delay won't be long. I really have to pee again", Laura whispers.

"Me too", Anna says.

"Me three", Natalia adds.

For thirty minutes, the girls sit squirming in their seat, knowing they'd normally be able to relieve themselves by now.

Their parents are still oblivious to their needs, but Natalia decides to change that.

"Mom, we really have to pee again", she says.

"Well, hold it", their mom answers.

"How long left?", Laura asks.

"At this pace, half an hour I reckon", their dad answers.

"Half an hour?", Natalia thinks, "no way my tired muscles will be able to hold on that long".

For twenty minutes, the three girls sit squirming in their seats, rocking back and forth, squeezing their legs together and grabbing themselves. Finally they reach their exit, and fortunately, their hotel is right next to it.

As the parents check in, the girls desperately look for a toilet, but fail to find one. So they rejoin their parents, doing a pee-pee dance waiting for their keys.

The girls find out they'll be sharing a room, while the parents share another room. As soon as their check-in is complete, they head to their rooms.

The parents room is on ground floor, but the girls have to get up to the seventh. One hand in their crotches, one hand on their suitcases they enter the lift.

In the lift, all three feel spurts escape, but they get to their room mostly dry.

Natalia is the first in the bathroom, yanking her shorts and knickers down and pissing on the toilet.

Anna, seeing her cousin relieve herself, nearly loses it. In one swift motion, she pulls her shorts and knickers down. Starting to fully lose control, she quickly seats herself on the sink, leaving a trail on the floor, from where she stood to the wash basin.

Laura is the last to enter the bathroom, and seeing the toilet and sink occupied, she yanks her shorts and knickers down and seats herself on the edge of the bath tub, her ass hanging over it. She releases too and creates a loud splattering sound.

Relieved they have (mostly) made it this time, the girls quickly freshen up before putting some dry clothes on. The they head downstairs for dinner.

TO BE CONTINUED

*096*2018-08-11 20:17

The next day, their mom makes sure Anna, Laura and Natalia go pee before leaving, at their first stop and during lunch. All to make sure none of them will be having an accident.

At the same time, Ellen does the same. She surely doesn’t want to be close to having an accident again. Emma similarly makes sure her bladder won’t be overly full.

Anna gets dropped off at her parents’ chateau and at the end of the day, all five girls are home dry.

Weeks go by, the girls - apart from Anna having her regular night time accidents - remain dry.

Until one day Laura recieves a picture of wet light blue skinny jeans and white knickers, with the caption “Oops”.

The pic came from Ellen.

“What happened?”, Laura texts back.

“Had an accident on my way back from school”, Ellen texts.

“Can I call?”, Laura replies.

“Sure”

“Hey El. So what happened?”, Laura asks as Ellen answers her phone.

“I was in school. I needed to pee for a couple of hours, but I don’t like to use the school bathrooms. Normally that isn’t an issue, but today it was”, Ellen tells.

“Why?”, Laura asks curiously.

“I don’t know. I just filled up much faster than usual. Anyway, so I was holding it, but during my final period - French -...”

“Uggghhhh French”, Laura interupts her.

“Haha. We have a despicable teacher. I hate her, and I may have let her know. But I asked if I could use the bathroom, she declined”

“Bitch!”, Laura screams.

“Who is?”, Natalia asks.

“Who’s there with you?”, Ellen asks shocked.

“Just Natalia, she just walked in. Okay if I put you on speaker?”, Laura says.

“No problem”, Ellen answers. “So I sat through class, wiggling in my seat. People noticed - including my crush - but I didn’t care. It was either that, or pissing myself right there”.

“Crush?”, Natalia giggles.

“That’s a different story. But he was seated right next to me, and asked me why I didn’t just get up and go to the loo. I said I didn’t want detention. But five minutes later I regretted that, I was seriously doubting I could make it till the end of class”.

“Did you?”, Laura asks.

“Barely. As soon as the bell rang I packed my bag and got up. But as soon as I did, I leaked. I stopped it without drawibg attention. My knicker were more than damp at that point, but my jeans were still dry. I raced to the girls room, but by the time I got there, there was already a line”.

“Owww. Bad luck”, Natalia interrupts.

“Absolutely. Knowing I couldn’t stand in line normally, I decided to race home. It’s only five minutes by bike. I made it home with some small leaks and I think there was a small wet spot on the crotch of my jeans”.

“Did anyone see?”, Laura asks.

“I don’t think so. My bike hid the view. So I made it to the backyard and I stood in front of the back door. Well... stood... I could hardly stand still. I fumbled with my keys, dropping them twice. Finally, I found the right key, but as soon as I put it in the lock, the floodgates just opened. I stood frozen in place, absolutely drenching my knickers and jeans. Pee puddled on the tiles below me and in my shoes”, Ellen tells.

“Did anyone find out?”, Natalia asks obviously feeling sorry for her friend.

“I don’t think so. Our backyard is hidden behind some large trees and Emma and my parents aren’t home yet. So I rinsed out my clothes and will put them in the laundry when they dry. So hopefully no-one will find out”

“Except for the two of us”, Natalia giggles. “But seriously, we both are sorry for you”.

“Thanks. I was very ashamed at first, but the relieve... it hust felt so great. Oh yeah, you’re not the only two, I sent the pics to Anna too”, Ellen finishes her story giggling.

“Cool. Now tell us about your crush”, Laura says.

TO BE CONTINUED

