Waterpark Woes

Author: Guest Auseklis

*000*2014-06-28 15:12

My first omo story! Please review and criticize. Be as upfront as is humanly possible. Now, I present to you Waterpark Woes.

The blue sedan navigated though the crowded parking lot, searching for a spot. It was Labor Day weekend, the last weekend before the onset of autumn, and everyone in town had the same idea; come out to the waterpark to reclaim some of the old glory of summer. Thus, those who arrived late, like the Burlington family, were forced to take multiple laps of the lot, looking for a place to pull off.

The family wouldn't have been so late if Andrea, the youngest girl, wasn't so reluctant to wake up. It had been a task of Herculean proportions to drag the middle-schooler out of bed, brush her frizzy brown hair into some semblance of order, and get her in the car. Now she sat upright on her seat, bouncing around in anticipation.

"Hurry up and park already, Dad!" she whined.

"Where am I supposed to do that, sweetheart?" the driver of the car said, rather distracted. Robert Burlington was a California expatriate and a surfer with a rather laid-back attitude towards parenting and life. When not working at his architecture firm, you'd find him on the ocean if the waves were good and hanging with his family if they weren't.

"Be patient for once!" snapped Kimberly, the eldest daughter in the family. A seven-year age difference between the two sisters had not served to improve their relationship. Andrea saw everything between the two as a competition that she had to win, while Kimberly was just annoyed by her younger sister's antics.

Suddenly, the holy grail of parking spots revealed itself to them. Tucked in between a pickup truck and an SUV, the spot was cramped, but it would serve. Rob pulled in and parked.

Bea, Rob's wife and the kids' mother, hopped out of the car. She was an artist, and a moderately successful one at that. Her works were rather prominently displayed all over the Burlington household. Unfortunately for the kids, her chosen subjects to paint and sculpt were nudes. This had led to countless hurried explanations every time a friend visited, and horrified entreaties to cover the damn things up!

Andrea was all smiles today though as she jumped out of the car, accidentally leaving a small scratch on the door of the pickup. Kimberly groaned, walking out leisurely. The family gathered their stuff, applied sunscreen, and walked over to the entrance to the swim park.

The queue to get in was massive. The Burlingtons shuffled into the back, resigning themselves to a long wait. Kimberly noticed a slight pressure in her bladder, but ignored it. She'd use the toilet when she got inside.

The wait was indeed massive, but finally they arrived at the front. They were greeted by a bored college kid, an earbud in his left ear, who took their money and pointed to the changing rooms.

Kimberly rushed inside. After the long wait under the burning sun, she wanted to get swimming! Quickly, she changed into her two piece swimsuit. It hugged her B-cup figure and her curves perhaps a little more than her parents would have wanted, but she doubted they would notice.

She hurried out into the bright sun, blinking. The water park was huge- and packed. All of the five slides had massive lines, the wave pool was choked with people, and the whirl pool threw around huge crowds.

Andrea and her mother emerged from the changing rooms. Kimberly could hear her mother asking Andrea whether or not she'd used the restroom, and Andrea blowing her off. Last year, the park had added a chemical to the water to turn it a dark purple when someone peed in the pool. Sure enough, halfway through the day Andrea was surrounded by purple water. Kimberly was still living down the shame from that incident.

Her dad emerged from the men's room, wearing board shorts that were altogether far too short. Kimberly resolved to ignore him and moved over to the wave pool. As she climbed down the ladder, her bladder twinged again. She ignored it; she had to get swimming!

Two lazy hours passed under the sun and the waves. Kimberly swam around, floated, shot down the slides. It was great fun, and she forgot everything but the fun she was having! It was only once she got out of the water for a quick snack break that she realized she had to pee! Quickly, she pressed her legs together to overcome the sudden urge. The sudden cold did nothing to improve her situation, and Kimberly found herself desperate to pee. But luckily, the wave passed, and she hurried off to the restrooms.

Unfortunately, the ladies' line was almost as long as the one outside. Rumor had it that a batch of hamburgers cooked by the park were spoiled, and several women had developed the runs, backing up the whole process. As she waited in line, Kimberly felt the pressure in her lower abdomen growing; she was forced to cross her legs, to her chagrin. Her tight bikini bottom, once a source of pride, had become a source of pain, biting into her distended bladder.

Slowly, the line moved. Kimberly was truly desperate now, squirming around to try and maintain control, hopping around in a true pee dance. But the line was moving, and to her relief she was getting closer. Finally, she was next in line. When the last woman exited, and her bladder crying out for relief, she moved towards the door, only to be stopped by an employee.

"Sorry, ma'am. Bathroom's closed for maintenance. We have some unisex toilets on the other side of the park."

Kimberly had a few choice words for him that she only barely restrained. Slowly, she hobbled back out of the changing rooms with the other women. Every step sent a painful jolt to her bladder, now with a noticeable bulge. She was forced to loosen the ties on her swimsuit to maintain control.

She remembered last year, how she'd teased Andrea for her accident. Now, one year later, she was the one desperate! If only she'd gone to the toilet earlier!

Suddenly, a painful spasm racked her bladder. Kimberly's hand shot to her crotch, pushing hard against her bikini. Even so, a single drop of golden liquid dripped out, slowly and painfully. Kimberly stopped walking, wrestling with her stubborn bladder for control.

"Kim!" Kimberly looked over, in horror, to see Andrea, excited as ever. "I've been looking all over for you! You have to come on the yellow waterslide! It's incredible!" She stopped, suddenly. "What's wrong? Why are you all bent over?"

Kimberly forced herself to straighten, her bladder screaming in protest. "I-it's nothing, Andrea."

"Well then? Let's go!" She ran off. Kimberly waddled after her. She couldn't admit to her younger sister she was dying for a wee, not after how she'd teased her last year.

Kimberly made it to the slide with only one more drop escaping. She joined the massive line, tortured by the water dripping from the levels overhead and the sounds of running water surrounding her. Each step up was a shock to her bladder, stretched far beyond its limit. She was forced to hold herself, like a child, and cross her legs. Luckily, Andrea never looked back.

About halfway up, an obese woman behind her stumbled a little, knocking into her. Kimberly gasped, and a couple drops escaped. She threw her hands into her crotch, dancing around, bending over, anything to stem the tidal wave of pee inside of her.

Finally, they approached the top of the slide. Andrea shot down, and Kimberly squirmed over to the start. Awkwardly, she tried to sit down without removing her hands, but realized she couldn't. Reluctantly, she removed a hand to grab onto the rail over head, so she could shove off.

A long jet of pee squirted out of her, dampening the crotch of her bikini. She pushed herself off, and the impact sent another jet squirting. Quickly, she pulled her bikini aside, grabbing on directly to her peehole. Anything to keep more jets from escaping.

Suddenly, she was thrown to one side, rocketing down the chute, and the dam burst. Pee streamed out from beneath her fingers, running down her legs, darkening the front of her swimsuit. She sighed with relief as the pain ended, then looked down in horror at the purple water below her.

As she went down, Kimberly prayed that the crowd in the pool would conceal her accident. Finally, the slide shot her and her stained water back into the throng of people. Quickly, she dived under and ran off, tears staining her eyes.

"Kim!" She turned around to see the worst possible person. Andrea.

"Oh my god, Kim, you peed yourself!" She started giggling. "Wait until everyone finds out!"

Kimberly blushed a deep red. It would be a long car ride home.

*005*2014-06-29 15:43

You mean Adam Sandler movies aren't realistic? :) Thanks for the great advice guys. I will certainly be following it in the future

*009*2014-07-07 22:18

Ok I dont usually comment on these, but I wanted to give some feedback. I actually enjoyed the writing itself. The way you described the characters and all of their quirks. And the way you didn't just say "Andrea peed herself" but instead "Andrea found herself surrounded by purple water."

I mean it's nothing groundbreaking or anything, but if you have any interest, I'd recomend that you try persuing non-omorashi related writing in the future.

