New Marauders

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-04-29 10:27

So I tried a harry potter fic before and quickly lost interest, so here's a different take, five Hogwarts students stumble upon the marauders map, two female Ravenlaws, twin brother and sister from Griffindor, and another guy from Griffindor. Story starts at the begining of their third year

I felt my bladder twinge from beneath my grey baggy sweater. I rubbed my lower abdomen softly as I pulled into Kings Cross Train Station, with slight nervousness. My third year at Hogwarts. Two years since I found the Marauders map, and Hugo Weasley helped me and my other three friends figure out too use it. Since then we've become the new Marauders, a band of five mischief makers, three from griffindor, Hugo Weasley, Lisa and Cody Lein. and me, Sara Bladdin, and Annalise Thomas from Ravenclaw. I bit back on my chapped lips as my left hand tapped nervously on my sweatpants. I usually dressed much better than my sloppy style now, but I didn't need to attract any extra attention as I would aboard the Hogwarts express, so I magicked myself to look plain and unnoticeable. My face make up free, a zit or two on their, my clothes, bland and unflattering, my hair black and messy.

My parents stopped outside the Station and bid me another emotional farewell as I stepped outside the car retrieving my suitcases, backpack. and my caged owl. He was black rather small, yet typically vicious to strangers. I had named him Nightlock after I purchased him before my first year. I now put all my luggage in a cart and began my way to platform nine and three quarters. I remained boring and no one gave me a second look as I strolled to my destination. True I was beautiful weather I wore make-up or not, but I made myself less attractive with magic, now the only sign of me being the slightest bit extraordinary was the black wand, slender and eleven inches. Created from ebony and phoenix feather, which I rolled between my fingers as I walked.

Finally I saw the brick arch, on one side was the number nine, on the other was the number ten. My destination was in between. Taking a breath I held my wand against my side, whispering the start of an incantation, in my left hand the handle of the cart. I took off in a run towards the wall, instantly passing through it as I finished the spell. As I emerged on platform nine and three quarters I wore dark blue skinny jeans and a violet t-shirt that hugged itself against my torso, including my large breasts. My face was once again flawless, now with red lipstick, slight blue eye shadow and my hair dark and flowing as the silky hair cascaded down to my mid back. My purple converse were the only things that remained the same as I made my way onto the scarlet train.

I forced my way through the crowds till I found a compartment with my four best friends. I grinned as I joined them, setting away my luggage to sit in the cramped compartment, I took my place next to Dark hair Cody, who also shared the seat with the golden brown haired Annalise. Across from us sat the couple, Lisa who had blonde hair, and Hugo who had the iconic orange Weasley hairdo.

"Hey," I greeted them as my bladder gave another twinge and I eased my wand in my pocket, softly poking my urethra.

"Hey, so I was checking the map and... The minister of Magic is at Hogwarts." Cody said as he stared down at the magical piece of paper.

"Doing what?" Hugo asked.

"It's a map, not a eavesdropping device." Annalise said a little irritably, her knows wrinkling up her silvery blue eyes meeting Hugo's cobalt blue eyes. "We've had it for two years, honestly, you should know how it works."

"I know, I know. I was just...." Hugo trailed off. "Guess we'll find out once we get there though." He said grinning.

The Hogwarts Express sped off soon after that, though the speed was still slower for my bladder to care for. As we began to approach it, my bladder began to physically throb. I pressed my thighs tightly together as we neared Hogwarts, sweat bloomed on my brow as I desperately tried to keep from peeing my black thong. My foot tapped up and down, my toes curled as my hands balled into clammy fists and stayed in my lap, as my legs trembled slightly, if my friends noticed my desperation they kept it a secret.

I thought I was going to pee myself on that seat, I felt my ears beginning to burn as my thighs grew sore from pressing them together so tightly. I wrapped my legs around each other as my feet rubbed against each other desperately, we got closer and closer to Hogsmeade and I felt myself grow more and more desperate. Finally we reached our stop, and I managed to get up and slowly make my way onto a carriage. I sat next to Cody and Annalise sat next to Hugo, who had Lisa on his lap. I tried to keep my desperation discreet but eventually I ended up bouncing my legs up and down rapidly in front of my friends.

"Do you need to use the bathroom?" Lisa asked me.

I nodded my head and bit the inside of my lip as my legs continued to bounce. "Why didn't you go on the train?" She asked. I just shook my head, to embarrassed to admit I was too lazy to bother going to them, and that I felt slightly aroused when I was desperate like this. I felt my urethra burn with urine on the verge of bursting out. I felt a spurt fall into my thong, my face went red as the crotch of my under wear went damp. i switched to sitting on my heels as we finally made it to hogwarts. my body damp with sweat and my underwear was moist. I hopped out the carriage awkwardly and continued on to the great hall with my knees pressing against each other slightly as I shuffled forward, hoping to get permission to use the loo.

I sat down on the wooden bench between Cody and Annalise and across from Hugo and Lisa. We chatted as I suffered through the sorting of first years, my bladder was in agony and I felt another spurt release and I felt my thong grow warm and wet. I shoved both hands into my crotch as I bounced my legs under the table, waiting for the ceremony to be done so I could run to the bathroom. Finally the sorting ceremony was over and Mcgonagall made an impressing announcement. We would once again be hosting the triwizard tournament. NOt that I really paid attention, my main focus was on not wetting myself. I felt a leak flow out, it slithered down onto my butt, and I felt the seat of my pants grow damp. not soaked, but it would show, I sat up and attempted to look back, I barely manage to see a CD sized stain. My face was red when Flitwick walked by.

"Professor, can I please go to the bathroom?" I pleaded as another spurt came out.

He sighed. "If you must. now hurry back." He groaned. I stood up awkwardly, and ran down the hall clumsily, showing the whole school my wet spot on my butt as I ran down towards the loo. I quickly ran in as another leak was released, one that ran down my thigh to my knee, it left a pencil thing spot on my inner thigh. I was opening the stall door when my bladder finally burst. I gasped allowed as hot pee exploded into my pants, it soaked my butt and left a decent sized stain on my crotch before it ran down my thighs. I felt tears burn at my eyes as the urine streamed down my legs and instantly darkened the denim as it spilled out to the floor and began to pool around my shoes. A veil of urine cascaded between my two legs till it became a stream racing down my right thigh, as more, thinner streams fell between my legs. My pants glistened as urine flowed down it and rippled on the puddle as it met the ground.

Some urine flowed into my shoes, my socks began soaked as small puddle formed inside my converse and I began to cry. More urine fell to the ground as the back of my jeans turned a near black as the hot pee drizzled down my legs and streams fell to the floor. I bent my knees as I began to slump the ground. Urine flowed down my crotch and onto the back of my thighs as it streamed out of the jeans and onto my calves and the ground before I planted my butt on top of my feet and I began to cry as the last of the urine fell to the ground, leaving my jeans dripping with urine and a large puddle beneath me. I didn't know how to clean this up, sure I could tranfigure the material of the clothing, but it would still be wet.

That's all I did when I entered the hogwarts express, the change to my facial features were due to my metamorphagus gene. I sighed as I stood up and more urine fell to the ground, now lukewarm. I sighed as I left the bathroom and headed straight up to the Ravenclaw dormitory and quickly began to change clothes, wipe myself clean with a towel and then fell back into my bed. I heard a "pop" as a house elf named djin appeared next to me. "Hey Djinn." I said softly. "Can you clean up my clothes?" I asked the house elf who I had bonded with since I first started at Hogwarts and constantly wet the bed.

"Sure thing Sara." He said softly as he disappeared with my soaked clothing. I found a pink soffe and fell asleep with only my black bra covering my chest in the purple bedsheets.

The next morning I woke up to Annalise shaking me awake, she wore a royal blue v-neck shirt and light skinny jeans. Her hair was curly and her eyes sparkled in the morning light, her pretty face was one of concern though. "Why didn't you come back last night?" She asked frowning, I noticed she had pink lipstick.

"I... you can probably guess." I muttered. My face turned red as I noticed my clothing was damp, I hadn't wet much, but if Annalise removed the covers, my stained soffe and bedsheets would give me away.

"Yeah, Cody hit Jake Harris for mocking you after the whole school saw you wet pants, I guess you didn't make it to relieve the rest of your bladder?" She asked concerned. I shook my head pulling the blankets up to my head.

"Well its not that bad, today's Sunday, tomorrow's class." She said with a little, glee. "We can manage some mischief." She grinned softly.

"Maybe later." I feigned a yawn, not wanting to give way the fact I wet the bed and my pants. I rolled over sleepily.

"Or now." She snicked as she pulled off my blankets and I was given away. "Oh, you peed the bed again." She said softly. "Well you better get cleaned up and meet us at the usual spot." She said, joy quickly feeling her voice. She left to go to our hang out, the perpetually closed down bathroom on the second floor, in which Moaning Myrtle, "lived". She was a ghost so technically she didn't live there, but still. I head down to the baths, got washed up, changed into cheetah print bra and panties, a pink t-shirt and black skinny jeans. I noticed my shoes were washed and dried, I grinned as I slipped on purple socks and put on the shoes and head out to meet the gang.

Hope you enjoy, leave your comments below, tell me what I can improve and if I should continue this story, although I probably will because I like this story almost as much as my hunger games story

*002*2012-04-29 18:57

{{:

Do you plan on continuing this??

I loved this and I think you should about the girl!!

Great story

}}

Thanks for the response, but what about the girl?

*003*2012-04-29 21:23

Here's the next installment, hope you enjoy, remember to leave your feedback below:) Criticism, support etc.

I headed out of the common room, on a relatively good note. Apparently all the other girls had no idea, I had wet the bed last night. Or perhaps they did and just wished to be polite and keep it a secret. Either way the calmly sat on the purple couch before the fire place talking and joking. I on the other hand left the room for the second floor girls bathroom. I allowed myself to skip a little immature, but I was happy. I was finally back at Hogwarts. I was one the third floor before my day was ruined, one floor to go and I run into Rachel Pent, Jake's girlfriend.

"So if it isn't the little baby who can't control her bladder." She sneered, as she stood toe to toe to me. She was reallly beautiful, short, about 5'4 whereas I was 5'7 and had dark hair like mine, a darker tan though, whiter teeth bigger breasts by slight and more popularity and on top of that she was a fifth year. I rolled my eyes. "So now that I got you, what should I do?" She asked menacingly.

"Leave me alone Rachel," I said plainly.

"Or what, you'll come at me with everything you got? You're talking, alohomora, jelly legs jinx, bat bogey hex, lumos?" She asked sarcastically.

"I know much more than that first year spells." I said stepping forward to have her poke my abdomen with her light brown wand.

"Then duel me, if you are sooo talented." She said in her naturally seductive voice, or at least I assumed it was natural, she spoke to everyone in every emotion with the voice.

"Fine, if that's what you want." I said drawing out my wand and stepping back.

"Not now you idiot, sign up to duel me." She said as she walked away, criss-crossing her legs path in a way that made her butt sway from side to side. "Oh, and try to keep control of your bladder when you duel me," She retorted before heading up the stairs. I scowled at her and head down the stairs.

I stomped my way through the corridors on the third floor, pushing past the few students spending the Sunday around the castle instead of outside or in common rooms. I finally came across the third floor bathroom, the first sign was the puddle of water flowing from behind the door, I shoved the door open and joned my friends, all of which were sitting on theater like chairs they took from the room of requirements. I took my place between Hugo and Annalise.

"Hey, what took you so long?" Cody asked as he used a charm to keep the marauders map floating between the five of us.

"Rachel." I said simply, my voice harsh.

"Oh, sorry... want a bean?" Hugo asked holding out a box of every flavored bean. I nodded weakly and took a handful, I tossed one in my moth and wrinkled my face in disgust. Earwax.

"Its ok... I guess.. I have to duel her." I revealed a little meekly.

"She's a fifth year, how are you going to win a duel against her, what are you gonna alohomora her face in?" Lisa cried at my ludicrous plan.

"I was thinking more of stupefy and rictumsempra, maybe a little stinging hex." I muttered bitterly.

"Five dollars says Sara loses." Cody said grinning. I rolled my eyes.

"Don't be such a jerk, she's got a... tiny chance of winning." Annalise said with feeble support.

"gee thanks for all you're undying loyalty." I muttered.

"Well, it's like this, that duel will begin, you'll wake up in the St. Mungos with antlers growing out of your head." Hugo replied. I sighed and slumped in my chair.

"I can win." I said weakly.

"False." Cody muttered.

I know," I said hanging my head. I felt my bladder begin to fill as the talk progressed, even though I was in the bathroom, there was no way I could use it, all of the toilets were over flowing. I sighed as my hand fell into my lap and I sat up. "So are we just gonna hang out in a bathroom all day?" I asked.

"We can sneak off to hogsmeade." Hugo suggested.

"No ones at the quiditch field." Lisa muttered,

"Dueling platform is closed til tonight and Sara will need all her energy anyway, so that's out already," He said though no body suggested it. "Hogsemeade is too risky, I guess we play quiditch." Cody said. We all agreed and headed out to the field. We took some of the practice brooms and took to the skies. Lisa flicked her wand at the quiditch box in the middle of the ground and out came a snitch, two bludgers and a quaffle. I took a deep breath as I took a dive fro the snitch only to miss it badly. I felt my bladder twinge again, I bit my lip. I should have gone to the bathroom this morning. I shrugged it off and continued to play the game.

I soared around the field looking for the snitch now that I lost it, as did Lisa. My eyes flit around the field looking for a flicker of gold. The game went on for a long while and my bladder was full by the time Lisa caught the golden snitch.

"Hey, Sara, looks like its time for you to duel Rachel." Hugo called up as we landed. I sighed.

"Looks like it." I headed down to the Great Hall where two dozen students gathered around a long blue platform. On top of it was Rachel, dressed in black yoga pants and a green tank top. She smiled at me as I entered, and I felt my hear sink. I was hoping to use the bathroom before the duel, but now I knew that was impossible.

"Good luck." Cody said, giving me a quick hug. I nodded.

"Think quick and move faster." Annalise told me as I got on the stage. I nodded, my face pale as man hand shook at my side from a mixture of nervousness and desperation.

"Bow to your partner." A teacher called, I bowed awkwardly and stood up to face Rachel. "Wands at the ready." I brought my wand level with my head, pointed at a diagonal slant towards the ceiling above Rachel, as my left hand reached outwards towards my rival. "Three, two go!" He called out. Rachel didn't waste any time and I side stepped a hex barely. I flicked out my wand and called. "Stupefy!" The red light slammed into Rachel's shoulder and she stumbled back.

"Flipendo!" Rachel cried and I felt the blue jet of light strike me in the abdomen. I fell back as a spurt moistened my panties. I struggled to my feet and gripped my wand. "Everte Statum!" Rachel cried and I was launched against the back of the stage. I crashed to the ground hard. I trembled to my knees as I faced her another spell came my way.

"Friendfyre!" Rachel screamed and a burst of fire struck my face and I fell to the ground again. Tears formed in my eyes as I struggled to flick my wand at her as I felt my bladder begginning to give.

"Rictumsempra!" I cried, I head her stumble back and begin to laugh wildly. I on the other hand was peeing my pants on the stage. My bladder burst and my urethra expelled urine into my pants and a puddle formed beneath me. I stood up and faced Rachel as urine continued to flow from my pants, leaving a stain from my butt to the back of my knees as I stopped the flow. "Furnunculs!" I cried as the spell slammed into her chest, boils sprouted on her skin as she screamed out.

"Expulso!" She screeched and a wispy flash of light struck my chest, exploding against my breasts as I launched back and my torso was in agony as the skin was singed. My bladder exploded and urine hissed as it began to pool beneath my limp body as my shirt and jeans were soaked I stared at the ceiling as my vision blurred, my ears were ringing when I passed out.

I woke up in hospital wing of Hogwarts my bladder aching and my entire body sore. My eyes fluttered open to find my friends surrounding my bed. "Hey." I rasped.

"I told you so." Hugo joked though it was weak and sad.

"Actually you said I'd have antlers." I muttered. He chuckled.

"The other schools arrived while you were unconscious, the Goblet of Fire is in the great hall, and since the Potter incident a few years back, they decided to let any student participate in the tournament." Annalise informed me.

"Well did you guys enter?" I asked.

"Cody and Lisa did." Hugo informed. "me and Annalise aren't sure about it.

"Good." I muttered, not wanting to lose my friends in the tournament.

"How's your chest?" Cody asked. "That's a nasty curse to be hit with." He added.

I reached down to my breasts a little awkwardly, it stung, but it felt much better than it did when I first got hit with it, and the skin was pink like it was new skin, which it probably was.

"Better." I muttered softly.

"Let her sleep, she still needs rest." The nurse said shooing my friends away. I was partial glad, I didn't want to wet the bed in front of them, which I began to do as I started to pass out. Urine gushed from my crotch into my pajamas as my bed began to pool with a urine puddle reaching from my calves to my back before I passed out once again.

*004*2012-04-30 22:53

Finally when I woke up the next day I actually felt halfway decent, my skin was still a little pinker and smoother than usual, but it had lost its tenderness. I sat up a little slowly, but quickly found that my body was mostly healed and I didn't find myself in pain. I slid off the side of the bed onto my feet, I was dressed in a white gown that fell to my upper thigh, apparently I had been changed because I found myself wearing a white bra and panties rather than the cheetah print ones I peed in. I blushed slightly at the thought of someone handling my naked body and instead hoped my clothes had been magicked onto me. I sighed and made my way across the empty hospital wing in my bare feet. Apparently no one else had hurt themselves too badly the first week back at Hogwarts.

My eyes surveyed the room for Mrs. Pomfrey as I approached the large door. Apparently the room was entirely empty as I made it into the corridors before I ran into any body.

"Hey madame incontinent." Rachel said as she strolled over to me, with her typical seductive gait. I rolled my eyes at her presence. "Just the girl I'm looking for, Mrs. Pomfrey is tending to a kid who broke his arm on the quiditch field, so I am here to check up on you. I suppose I can release you back to you common room, unless you feel like putting your name in the Goblet of Fire." Rachel said, tapping a quill on a parchment I assumed was the sing out sheet.

"I'm not signing up for it." I said simply.

"Why, scared? Typical, you act tough but when it comes time to prove your worth, you either back down, or get your ass handed to you on a silver platter" Rachel sneered.

"Shut up!" I cried.

"I don't take orders from sniveling cowards." She said keeping her voice cool and seductive. I decided I hated her walk, her voice, her face and everything about her at that moment.

"Fine! I'll sign up, and I'll be a champion and I will be the hero of the school!" I cried out, getting awkward glances from passing girls from bauxbaton.

"Sure." Rachel said as she jot my name down and tossed the parchment on the desk. "I'd love to see that." She said as she headed down the corridor, she stopped at the end. "Coming?" I scowled but followed her to the Great Hall dressed in the simple white gown.

No one paid us much attention as we entered the hall. My bare feet slid across the surface as I felt a pain in the pit of my stomach, but I continued forward. Suddenly all eyes were fixed on me as I scrawled my name on a piece of paper and approached the Goblet. I dragged my feet and held my hands in front of my near my crotch as I came to the Goblet.

I took a deep breath and dropped the parchment into the blue flaming chalice and nothing happened. Of course nothing happened, the champions wouldn't be picked till later that night. I sighed as I scurried out of the hall towards the Ravenclaw tower. I quickly ran into the girl dormitory and dressed up in a black mini skirt, white blouse, quickly strung a short tie around my neck and pulled on my robes before slipping on black flats and heading down to class.

I burst into the potions class a little late and Slughorn glanced up at me. "Hello Miss Bladdin, I trust you're feeling better today?" He asked glancing at my chest, which a decent amount of was revealed, to notice the pink tint. I blushed and nodded before taking my place next to Annalise. "Very good then. I Annalise will fill you in on the potion today.

"Just follow my lead." She muttered and began instructing me with my potion, halfway through it my bladder began to fill, but I shook it off, I could easily hold it, even through double potions. By the time class was over, I had a decent polyjuice potion created. He approved with exaggerated support. I grinned and left the class with Annalise.

"What do the other school students do all day?" I asked as we walked through the corridors to Defense against the Dark Arts.

"The Dumstrang students spend all day in their ship and bauxbaton mostly just hang out around the great hall and around the school grounds, mostly snogging boys who fall for their beauty." Annalise said simply.

"I can see that." I muttered as we entered Professor Malfoy's class. He didn't seem to pay us much attention as we entered the class and took our seats until class began."

"Ok, now class, in light of the triwizard tournament, though its unlikely any of you will participate I find it neccessary to teach you as many jinxes and hexes as I can to fully prepare you, should you find yourself in the tournament." He said as we all stood up. "Now Sara, since you seemed to show pontential in your duel, I feel you were hindered from lack of education, so hit me with this spell: friendfyre." He said. I nodded my head recognizing this spell as one of the hexes that hit me. I took a breath flicked my wand forward and shouted the incantation.

"Friendfyre!" I shouted, a small flame launched at him, at the last second Malfoy diminished it easilyy.

"Nice try, but more power." He urged. I nodded my head at him.

"FRIENDFYRE" I yelled putting all my worth into the spell, a turrent at fire launched at him, he barely blocked it and grinned. Soon he had us all learning the spell, as well as expelliarmus, the disarming hex, Punctum Alica, a stinging hex and petrificus totalus, the body bind jinx. After that it was care of magical creatures and then I found myself in my bed for a few moments before the big Goblet of Fire moment. I sat up as Annalise entered the room. "Hey," I muttered.

She dropped several pieces of parchment and books at the foot of my bed. "Your homework, get to it." She urged. I rolled my eyes and quickly jotted down several answers I knew and knocked out a couple pages before it came time to know the winners and I still hadn't voided my bladder. I bit my lip as we headed to the great hall, I walked with my knees and thighs against each other and my feet apart and partial hopped my way to the Great hall for the ceremony.

Annalise noticed my awkward gait but didn't say anything about it, fully knowing my weak bladder typically bested me, but today I did pretty well. I just shuffled to a seat next to Cody.

"Think you're going to be a champion Cody?" Hugo asked.

"I hope, Wouldn't it be great if I won the tri-wizard tournament?"

"It won't be great if you die." Annalise muttered.

"Relax, know one has died since Cedric Digorry and Voldemort is dead." Lise replied. "Anyway, everyone knows I will win the tournament."

"Or me." I said softly, though no one heard it.

"Welcome Students of the various schools." The minister of magic said. "Today begins the continuation of the Tri-wizard tournament, only this time there is a twist, this yea each school will have two champions. From Bauxbaton is, Ambyr Rye and Deserae Ames." Two beautiful blonde girls came to platform, one was sixteen who was Ambyr and the other was twelve. "From Dumstrange is Alexander Steinkonig and Oliver Remants. One dark haired boy about seventeen took the stage followed by a fifteen year old blonde. Both were handsome and muscular. "Finally from Hogwarts is Rachel Pent." I watched in shock as the beautiful short fifteen year old took a spot between the two good looking dumstrange students. I was in such an upset, I almost didn't hear my name get called. My mouth hung open as I took a place among the champions.

I squirmed as I stood between Alexander, the seventeen year old and Rachel. I resisted the urge to hold myself and curled my toes instead as we were led to the trophy room where we were lectured on what the tournament would hold.

I tried to listen, but I was squirming violently. The minister never paused to check on me, though I knew he knew what was going on. Finally I just released it. Urine began to soak my white panties before streaming below me, forming a puddle, as the pee slithered through the leg holes is flowed down my leg and into my flats. I blushed brightly as I quickly created a puddle below me. Urine continued to cascade between my legs, adding to a large puddle. Tears brimmed in my eyes at the sound of the other champions laughing. But I stayed and The minister continued to talk until we were sent back to our designated areas.

I ran all the way back to the Ravenclaw common room and sped up the stairs into my bed, where I well asleep in the bed with wet panties, and damp skirt.

I woke up the next morning to Djinn on the foot of my bed. My sheets were damp, not soaked like usual but they held a faint scent of ammonia like my panties so I awkwardly handed both to Djinn who murmmered a compliment and popped out.

I sat up in bed and changed into another pair of cheetah print undergarments and a purple v-neck shirt that gave off a decent amount of cleavage, black skinny jeans and black flats., since yesterday was friday I had today off. I smiled sadly as I left the common room to look for the gang at the second floor bathroom. I sighed sadly as strolled down the ever changing stair cases from the tower all the way down. I grit my teeth before stopping at a regular bathroom to take a bath. It was relatively empty so I stripped naked and flicked my wand at the faucet and started a hot bath in the pool like bath. I waited for the bath too fill as I sat on the cold concrete floor waiting for it too fill, which didn't take long. I noticed a bauxbaton girl with raven hair about thirteen come from a stall. She blushed as she saw me naked and as did I.

"So sorry." She muttered staring at her dainty feet.

"It's ok I didn't know anyone was in here." I muttered.

"She started to leave but stopped turning around, her blue mini-dress swishing in the air. "You know... you're not the only one who has bathroom problems... thought you might want to know... I wear goodnites." She muttered before rushing out.

MY face burned as I realized Ambyr or Deserae must have mentioned my accident to all the other bauxbaton students. I sighed as I dove into the bath after turning off the faucet. I tread water as I lounged in the hot water and began to clean myself quickly. I soon left the bath and dried myself off and dressed back into my clothes and ran off too my friends. Sure enough they were there, in the semi flooded bathroom. I took my usual seat.

"So how's our champion feeling." Hugo asked.

"Agitated." I muttered.

"You will get over it..." COdy smirked. "Look at this." I looked at a the maruaders map, more importatnly Rachel's name prancing around in a circle in front of a bathroom, a little eratically. I gave Cody a questioning look. "I got Myrtle to prevent her from using any bathroom." He said. I smiled widely.

"I got you a pass into the restricted section, you will be able to read the books, just don't get caught down there." Lisa told me handing me a card. I looked at it questioningly. "There is a book down there that can give you predictions... find out the first task of the tournament... better hurry, Rachel was tipped off as well. I nodded and took of in a jog down to the library. I slid slyly into the restricted section and started searching through the books. I quickly found the book, "Nostrodamus' modern day predictions, psychic readings for any wizard." I grinned as I pulled it from it's shelf and flipped open to the middle of the book, the only open page and saw a simple sentence. "Three school snitch hunt, quitich field." I looked at it a little confused, but then I heard the clack of high heels on the wooden floor. I ducked behind a table full of magical artifacts.

I felt my bladder twinge, but hoped the girl in here would soon leave. I had the book under my arm as I looked up to see someone clumsily hopping around as she tried to locate some book. She was wearing open toe high heels and blue skinny jeans, and a black v-neck shirt. I looked up at her face to find a desperate Rachel. Her hand fell to her crotch as she searched for the book under my arm. I frowned as she kept searching with one hand in her crotch and one hand flitting across the shelves as her legs danced around like she was hit with the tartangula jinx. I smiled, despite my growing bladder need. I curled up in a ball, hoping she would give up, but she continued to search much to my dismay.

After nearly an hour of her checking every shelf and my limbs falling asleep she stood in the middle of the room in anguish with her heels off as she danced around trying not to pee. I watched with glee as a dakr patch greew on her butt and slowly streamed down her legs towards the ground. Streams of urine fell to the ground as she double over and soaked her calves and the wooden floor, leaving a puddle. I grinned to myself as the completely soaked her jeans and began to cry. I took this as my move to sneak out slyly, but just as I got near the door of the room when something slammed into my back and I was immobolized.

"Hey bitch." She said harshly, for once not using her seductive voice. I couldn't reply as she dragged me behind a bookshelf. "You will be frozen for two hours, I think, maybe more. Have fun." She said simply and left in her urine soaked jeans.

*006*2012-05-01 16:33

{{:

Great story! I really like the plot and the frequency of omo scenes. Those are nicely depicted, by the way. Keep it up :)

Did you mention which house Rachel was in? I like her character.

}}

Thanks for the support:) And I may have over looked actually stating her house so she is a Slytherin for future refrences

*008*2012-05-01 16:53

{{:

Sofar, every story you create is awsome. i hope u dont get overwelmed with them

}}

Thank you, and I can usually keep from getting overwhelmed as long as I keep the updates short and once a day:)

*009*2012-05-01 17:55

The only muscle I could control was my eyes as I peered to my right from my hiding place and noticed the Librarian scourgify the puddle of urine and take the prediction book back too its shelf. And completely ignore my presence. "Stupid girl, did she really think because she was a champion she wouldn't be caught in the restricted section?" The librarian asked thin air as she left the section of the librarian, leaving me alone in the restricted section for two hours.

Fortunately the immobilization kept me from wetting myself, however it didn't stop my bladder from filling. By the time the paralysis wore off my bladder was swollen and my stomach bulged slightly. The moment I stood up, with my stiff joints I doubled over from the pain of my bladder. some sort of snake head fell off my neck, probably a weasley gadget. I ignored it though to tend to my bladder. I grabbed my crotch as a spurt spilled out. I gasped and bit my lip from my position still hunched over and kicked my legs until I managed to gain enough control.

I actually managed to sneak out past the already irritated librarian despite my legs trembling wildly. The second I stepped out of the bathroom I took off in a clumsy run to the nearest bathroom, only to find it nearly flooded. I cursed under my breath. "Myrtle, you couldn't clean up your mess?" I sighed. I knew at the very least the Ravenclaw bathroom wouldn't be flooded. I sprinted to the west of the building with my hands in my crotch while students snickered around me I took up the stairs and paused outside the door way.

"What do a raven and a writing desk have in common?" The bronze knocker asked me. I paused, my eyes wide. I didn't know the question to this. I danced in front of the door, desperately trying to not pee myself. I must have spent three minutes pacing, dancing, kicking my legs, jumping up and down, doubling over, all while holding my crotch before the answer came to me.

"They both produce quite flat notes." I all but shouted.

"Acceptable." The door opened and I rushed in and stormed up to the bathroom where I fought against my skinny jeans to get off before I fell onto the toilet with my panties still on when my bladder burst. Instantly soaking my cheetah print underwear, and the floor beneath me, where the urine emerged before I sat down. The urine spilling into the toilet was the most amazing relief I had ever felt as my bladder began to shrink down to its normal size and urine squirmed between the leg holes of my underwear and streamed through the cloth into the toilet before I finally got entire relief.

I stood up awkwardly in my wet panties before slipping them off my leg and putting on my skinny jeans. I wrung out the panties as best as I could before shoving them in my back pocket and rushing up to my bed. I pulled the curtains around me and waited for the familiar "pop"

Djinn, can you takes these?" I asked holding out the panties for him. He nodded and smiled before disappearing. I sighed as I fell back onto my bed, it was only early evening but I had no idea what to do. I sighed as I stared up at the ceiling when I heard footsteps rushing up the staircase before Annalise leaped on my bed through the curtains.

"You're ok!" She exclaimed, "We couldn't get to you! The librarian had an extra eye on the restricted section, so we had to wait. It was terrible. you just stood there, we thought you were dying." Annalise said.

"Rachel isn't that evil." I laughed. "She hit me with a snake head toy thing, it paralyzed me, but its ok now." I said, some reason I felt a lot better. It might have something to do with Rachel losing control of her voice for once. I smiled as Annalise led me down to the bathroom where I took my seat, before realizing I still didn't have any underwear. I blushed slightly before regaining myself.

"We could get the invisibility cloak from James." Hugo suggested.

"No, Harry made us swear to leave him out of our messes when he caught us last year, that's the only reason he gave us the map. Besides he's only a first year, if we borrow the cloak, he's gonna beg us to let him come along." Cody said.

"Fred might be able to get his dad to make us something." Hugo said, referring to his cousin.

"Not in time." Lisa added while I sat there oblivious to what was going on.

"Wait! If Harry really wanted James to stay out of trouble, why would he give him the cloak?"

"Our messes, James is free to cause his own messes, just as long as he stays clear of us trouble makers." Cody said simply.

"I'd really just like to know what's going on."

"We need to get a cloak, it would get us in the Slytherin Dormitories so we can cause some trouble.

"Guys, relax... we need to focus on getting me a broom for the first challenge, its some sort of quiditch match." I said.

"Fine, but George is still sending us a cloak." Hugo said.

"Great, can he loan me a dragon fire as well?"

"... I dunno." Hugo admitted. He pulled out a few redvines though and began to eat the candies while we discussed the first tournament.

I may add another installment later tonight. Hope you enjoy this one for now

*011*2012-05-01 23:05

{{:

Grammar error!! She ran out of bathroom to bathroom???

}}

Where do you see that at?

*013*2012-05-01 23:10

Oh ok thank you for the tip, unfortunately I can't fix it:o

*014*2012-05-02 02:16

A week later the day of the first challenge I sat in the champions tent nervously. I tapped my wand on my thigh and eyed a simple practice broom. Nightlock hadn't come back with the Dragon Fire broomstick yet and it was a half hour before the challenge. I bit my lip softly as my bladder began to fill, I knew I should go to the bathroom now but I didn't. I stayed and soon there was five minutes before the challenge and my legs were bouncing much to the amusement of Rachel.

Suddenly a tall red headed figure entered the tent with a broomstick. "Right at the nick of time, George Weasley saves the day." The founder of Weasley Wizard Wheezes marched in with my broomstick with an ear to ear grin. "Well hello little lady." He said tossing me my broom and taking a seat next to me.

I stared at him confused for a moment. "Hey... George." I had seen him a couple times when I had visited his shop on Diagon Alley. Otherwise we were virtual strangers.

"Hey, so here's the thing. I hear you have stumbled upon my map?" He asked. "Technically Harry's." He added.

I nodded. "I need to make sure someone can keep up my legacy, and you know make mischief."

"I solemnly swear, I am up to no good." I smirked. He smiled.

"Cute... but I meant Fred. I know you guys cause enough trouble on your own, but I need to set up shop here in Hogwarts. Filch won't let anyone in with any of my merchandise, but if Fred can keep shop in the room of requirements..." He trailed off.

"Hogwarts gets a bit more exciting and no one could find him out with our help and we get free merchandise." I said adding the last part.

"Fine deal, but he will need the map."

"... I'll talk to Cody about it." I said as the cannon boomed and the challenge began.

I gracefully grabbed the broom and took to the skies on the quidditch field. The field itself remained unaltered, but in the skies were floating spike balls I recognized as mines and a few Rocs, which looked like large vicious eagles with teeth and bludgers shot through the air. The minister stood below in the center of the field.

"The object of this challenge is too catch one of six snitches, each will hold the only hint of the next challenge, without it, its impossible to find the next challenge as it will play the role of a secret keeper. The fastest snitch will be the easiest to open, the slowest the most difficult. The winner of this tournament must simply catch the first snitch. That being said the fastest snitch will be the golden snitch, the second will be silver, the third bronze, the fourth red, fifth blue and sixth green. wands are allowed, no unforgivable curses. Begin." He cried as six snitches shot through the air. I quickly found the fastest and shot through the air after it. Rachel caught up to me in seconds, she had a dragon fire as well. I growled.

"Well hello there." She said, her voice thick with sarcasm. "Impendamenta!" She cried simply and I felt my broom get knocked sideways through the air as I felt my arm grow sore where the spell hit me as I struggled to regain control of both my broom and my bladder. I felt urine drip from my pant leg to the ground as I shot after Rachel when I heard the first winner catch the snitch, it was Deserae catching the slowest snitch. I frowned as I came close to catching up to Rachel.

"Incindio." I muttered as I flicked my wand at her broom, causing the back to burst into flames. She spun through the air frantically as she used a jet of water from her wand to extinguish the flames. I shot after The snitch when I came to close to a mine. I felt my body launch through the air, as sparks and tiny stones exploded at me. My legs were tightly wrapped around my broom when I leaked again. leaving a significant wet spot from my butt to beneath my knees.

I barely managed to gain control after I flew after the snitch, dodging a bludger when I felt another spell from Rachel caught me in my lower back. I felt my back erupt in pain from the boil hex I used on Rachel previously.

"Friendfyre." I said slashing my wand back. Flames missed Rachel's beautiful face. Much to my dismay, however a Roc swooped down and attacked her hair.

"Reducto!" I heard Alexander cry when I felt my face explode with pain as I hurtled through air once again before I gained control of my broom. My body was covered in bruises and welts, and thanks to Rachel, boils as well as my pants being wet and my bladder still being bursting, but I continued to pursue the snitch until Rachel managed to cast the hurling hex and I found my broom trying to buck me off. The broom flew up and down, the handle burying itself into my groin, I tried to hold on, but I felt my bladder burst. Urine soaked my jeans from nearly every angle and soaked the handle before I found myself slipping from the broom and hurtling towards the ground, with a stream of urine falling behind me. I Aimed my wand at my broom. "Accio br-" A bludger slammed into my arm and I felt my bone break as my wand was hurtled through the air.

With my left hand I grasped through the air for anything to break my fall when I caught a hold of something small and round before slamming to the earth and losing consciousness.

I woke up the next morning in the hospital wing again, I felt ten times better, but I quickly became aware of a warm dampness spreading beneath my butt and weight on my shins. I sat up and found Rachel sitting on legs, while I felt urine slowly slip from my urethra, but I was unable to stop the incredibly slow flow. It seamed like a few drops were let out at one time continously, stalling the end of the flow. I clenched my legs, but I didn't seem to have any control over my bladder. I decided to train my thoughts on my other problem.

"What do you want Rachel?" I asked the girl who sat on my legs, dressed in a black frilly skirt, that ended at her upper thigh and a navy blue spaghetti top that revealed a decent amount of cleavage. I eyed her suspiciously while urine slowly creeped out of my urethra, and warm continued to spread.

"How ever did you win second in that challenge. Lady luck shouldn't be that kind to you." She said as she laid back across the side of the matress with her head and feet dangling.

"I what?" I asked as my hand drifted to my crotch.

"Blimey, you didn't even know you won. Look to your left." She said. I turned to the left, causing a bit more urine to spill out before noticing the silver snitch fluttering on the bed stand. I grinned until Rachel started crawling up the bed, her hand falling in the wet patch next to my waist. "Wet the bed muc- oh Blimey you're peeing now!" She cried jumping back as a stream of urine splattered on her hand. "Control yourself!" She cried leaping off the bed examining her moist hand. But in that short instant she leapt I caught sight of something that brought a smile to my face. I caught her hand as she turned to leave and pulled her back.

"What are you doing!" She cried as I grabbed the hem of her skirt and pulled it down to the floor, revealing an adult diaper.

"Wet yourself much?"

"Not since the Myrtle incident, I wear it to be safe now from your immature humor." She said hiking up her skirt, before turning to leave.

I grasped the back of the skirt and lifted it up, "Diffindo." I said, severing the bonds of the diaper as I let the skirt flutter back while she turned around quickly amd panicked. the diaper fell to the floor between her feet.the inside smelling of urine and yellowed.

Her wand was against my throat in an instant. "I wanted to be the first thing you saw, so yes I did pee in it, but only cause I was wearing it either way and I wanted to make your waking moment hell. Tell any one and I swear I'll kill you." She hissed in my ear. My urine flow was no longer slow, Urine soaked through the covers and spilled over the side of the bed I was nearest to.

"You have my word." I tried to sound sarcastic but it came out meek and pathetic. He thrust her legs up on the bed and straddled my body.

Her wand now in my face she regained her seductive voice as her butt hung just above my lower abdomen. "You better keep your word, they may not have a spell voiding your bladder discreetly, but they certainly have one for making it weaker. She said as a stream of urine spilled onto my chest from her crotch and I squealed as urine soaked my night gown around my breasts and slithered around my neck and wet my hair.

That was unnecessary." I mumbled, for the first time. since my first year, I was geniunily intimidated by Rachel.

"Maybe, I thought it was funny, besides I still needed to urinate, I couldn't void my entire bladder without it soaking through my diaper." She said getting off the bed. "Have fun explaining this. Oh by the way, I need you to make an unbreakable vow if you want me to leave you alone. Swear not to tell anyone about my diaper situation." We quickly went through the ceremony and she left, clearly the better in the situation. She kicked the diaper beneath my bed as she made her way to the door and disappeared into the corridors. Djinn popped up next to me, quickly examined the situation and cleaned up the sheets, and my clothes, leaving me curled up in a blanket from the next bed, completely naked on the other side of the mattress since I flipped the wet side over.

Hope you like the above installment, please leave your commentary, criticism etc. Trolls Welcome;P but pleeeeeaasssse leave a comment, I'm desperate... in both way;)

*016*2012-05-02 15:54

{{:

Hehe do I sence lesbian love from Rachel? She did just pee on her... Maybe next time a bit more detailed and note length to main pee part with Rachel going on her or her going on Rachel. ;)

}}

There is a little more to Rachel and she definitely cares about Sara more than she's giving away but you will see how that goes soon, she is definitely my favorite character to write though:)

*018*2012-05-02 16:38

Several surprising turn of events, well I think they will be surprising anyway.

*019*2012-05-02 21:43

It felt like I had been balled up for hours before Djinn returned with my school clothes. Before handing me them, he snapped his fingers and applied a minor cleansing charm on my body before popping out. A black cropped vest, with a ravenclaw image on the left breast,that I placed over a black bra, showing off a decent amount of my cleavage and midriff. I slipped on black panties and a black pleated miniskirt and thin black pantyhose as well as plain black flats before I left to go to class. As I got up to leave the silver snitch fluttered up in the air and trailed behind me, I grinned slightly and headed for DADA.

The snitch fluttered behind me all the way to Malfoy's class. Right before stepping in the door its wings folded and it fell into my hand. I pocketed cautiously before entering the class and taking a seat next to Lisa and Annalise. Lisa wore a gold shirt that hugged her figure and black pants and Annalise wore a similar grey shirt and black skirt and long grey socks. I seemed to have the most provocative costume of the them.

"Hey, are you ok?" Annalise asked, referring to my fall from yesterday. I nodded softly, a little shaken up from earlier.

"Good, because we have to figure out how to open the snitch." Lisa said before class began.

"Ok class, we will learn the wizard hover charm to keep wizards from splatting to the ground or simply knocking themselves out." Draco said, casting a good-humored grin my way, causing a few giggles and me to blush. I sighed as the class continued on and my bladder began to fill. The day passed mostly uneventfully until lunch.

"Can we go too hogsmeade?" I asked as I took a seat next to Cody and Lisa. I squirmed slightly and curled my toes, but ignored my bladder.

"Now?" Cody asked me.

"Of course not, after our last class." I replied irritably.

"Whoa, know need to be harsh." Hugo laughed. I sighed and rolled my eyes, my mind continuously going back to what Rachel did to me. I shuddered slightly.

"We need to figure out your snitch first." Annalise pointed out.

"We can do that later!" I sighed eating my lunch quickly before the period ended and we headed to herbology with Neville. The class was typically easy, but with my bursting bladder I nearly drowned a mandrake. I struggled through class and afterwords I sprinted to the bathroom only to have Jake Harris block my path.

"Well hello there." He said slinking forward. He had short dirty blonde hair and a large birth mark taking up half his face, and something about his nose gave his face a reptilian look too it. He was tall and carried a wand of yew in his right hand. He wore a green blazer and black pants. His coppery eyes bore into my own and I looked around. As much as I hated to admit it, he had a strange handsomeness to him I couldn't explain.

"Move Jake." I muttered.

"Say the magic words." He said.

"Please and thank you." I muttered a little agitated.

"Sorry, I was looking for locomotor stud." He said smirking as he stepped up to me. I rolled my eyes and stepped back, now stepping from foot to foot. "However I can escort you to your double potions class." He said locking arms with me, and dragging me to class, I couldn't resist and found myself thrust into the class.

"And here comes our champion now!" Slughorn cheered lamely as I took my usual seat next to Annalise. I found my butt sliding from side to side and I pressed my legs together tightly.

Class proceeded and I struggled to match the potion, fortunately Annalise was there to help me, though she seemed to grow annoyed. I shrugged weakly and tried to help her, only succeeding in nearly adding an ingredient that would blow up the cauldron.

"What's wrong with you? Are you a ravenclaw or a hufflepuff."

"What the hell's a hufflepuff?" I joked. A running gag between us, though now it was forced as I tried not to pee myself. Class continued despite my constant mumbling of an incantation of my own creation designed to speed up time. Needless to say it didn't work and neither did my attempt to hold my bladder. Finally my urethra let the urine drip out. Hot pee sprayed out and soaked the butt of my skirt and formed my puddle. Some streams of the urine cascaded downwards but I managed to catch control and stopped the flow. Thankfully no one noticed and I continued to work on the potion while sitting in a puddle of rapidly cooling urine. I managed to pick up my slack and me and Annalise made a decent potion. After class ended I lingered in my seat for a moment, till the class was mostly empty and stood up slowly, my skirt dripped urine but the wet patch blended with the dark fabric, so as long as no one came close I could get away with everything.

Of course things rarely go the way we want and Fred caught me going up towards the ravenclaw dorm. He had a slight tan and reddish brown hair, but through and through he was a near dead ringer for his father. I smiled softly.

"Hey... can I ask you something?" He asked, his voice lacking his usual confidence.

"Yeah... in a sec... I have to go." I said and ran past him. I mad it all the way to the door before I was stopped again.

"Hey Sara, we are going to hogsmeade. Come on." Annalise said grabbing my wrist.

"But I got to..." i trailed off, too embarrassed to admit I wet myself, so I just hung my head and followed. Soon I found myself in honeydukes, my bladder was ignored as I strolled through the shop looking for fizzing whizzbees. By the time I had a decent bag full of sweets and we were heading to the three broomsticks, my bladder made itself noticed and I remembered leaving Fred in the halls. I hung my head sadly. I took a seat on a wooden stool and ordered a butterbeer. I drank it slowly while we talked.

"So what do you think will open the snitch?" Lisa asked me. I shook my head.

"I dunno honestly, the faster snitch simply opened at a touch, mine should be just a tiny bit simpler." I muttered softly.

"Well are you a ravenclaw or not?" Cody asked me incredulously.

"I am, uhm maybe..." I trailed off as both heads launched into my crotch as urine leaked out of my urethra, and the front of the skirt glistened with warm pee as I made another puddle in my seat. I gasped.

"What's wrong?" Hugo asked,

"Nothing, let's just get back to Hogwarts." Annalise said quickly, catching on. She ushered the group out and helped me off the seat. "Go to the bathroom, I'll tell them we'll meet them at dinner." Annalise said. I nodded and rushed to the bathroom. I quickly burst into an empty stall and just before I could pull down my clothes my bladder burst right in front of the toilet. I cried out as urine snaked its way down my legs and fell in streams between my legs. The warmth was welcoming in the bathroom, but the means of achieving it was mortifying. I squealed as a puddle began to grow on the grow below me, slithering in the other stalls where I heard another girl cry out. My face grew red as I ran back to the castle, rushing past the marauders.

I was hurtling through the halls when a strong arm caught me by the shoulder.

"Whoa where are you..." George's voice trailed off. I heard a sad sigh as he continued on. "going so fast?" He asked.

"uh..I'm.." I muttered.

"Well about the map. I shouldn't have asked you that. I already have several security precautions around the school. It's all taken care of. But, see here's the thing. Fred's good at making jokes, not so good at school. Could you tutor him... he's too embarrassed to ask you himself. Can you do that?"

"Yeah sure." I smiled despite my legs being cold and clear drops falling between my legs. There was a coaster sized puddle under me, but he didn't notice.

"Good. Anyway... good luck mate." He said smiling before leaving down the hall. I grinned softly before running up to Ravenclaw tower.

Watcha think so far? Leave your comments, criticism support below. Thank you:)

*021*2012-05-03 02:55

I quickly replaced my panties with purple ones, and then pulled on a pair of black skinny jeans. I quickly became glad that the house elves cleaned things so quickly, otherwise I would be running low on clothes. Fortunately they kept up with there work and I slipped on my purple converse since the flats were still wet with urine. I sighed as I headed back down the stairs. I'd have to own up to the marauders soon. I jogged down the stairs when peeves blocked my way holding my wet panties.

"Forget to put away these?" He asked with sadistic glee.

"Peeves! Give them back!" I cried as a ran after the short poltergeist.

"Make me!" He cried as he flew down the stairs. I began to chase after him, while other students snickered around me. I chased him down a staircase and nearly caught up to him when I got caught in a disappearing stair step.

"Hey, help!" I cried as I tried to free myself, unfortunately the other students just pushed past me.

"Right on it babe." Peeves said sarcastically before flying away with my panties. I screamed at him while I tried to free myself on my own.

"Djinn!" I cried, and my house elf friend popped up next to me.

"Hello miss Bladdin. need my assistance?" He asked sweetly.

"Please and thank you." I said pointing at my legs. He snapped his fingers and I was free. "Thank you so much!" I gushed

"My pleasure." He said before he disappeared.

I sighed sadly before stalling my confrontation with the other marauders by heading down to take a bath. I headed up there and quickly ran a bath in the large tub before stripping naked and plunging in. multi-color bubbles surrounded my body as I relaxed for a moment before cleaning myself off. After I was clean, the filth magicked away by the tub's enchantment I took in the comfort of the warm water. I sighed audibly when I heard a splash nearby.

I turned quickly to see the Raven haired girl emerge from the water, he hair cascading back with unnatural grace. Her developed breasts were hidden beneath the bubble as she swam over to me. Her long toned legs kicking water behind me as I blushed.

"So how well do good-nites work?" I asked dumbly. It was her turn to blush as she turned her head away.

"Good enough." She muttered turning away. "Though I wear depends during the day." She muttered.

"So what's your name?" I asked meekly, my mind curious on what wearing a diaper would feel like.

"Ami Stone." She said softly. "So how's your arm? From the bludger."

"Perfect." I said wiggling my arm freely.

"That's good. And the snitch?"

"Haven't given it much thought." I muttered softly.

"Where is it?" She asked. On cue the snitch fluttered through the air.

"Well don't over think it. Its suppose to be simple." She muttered.

I turned to the snitch, "Alohomora." I said flicking my wand at the snitch. Nothing happened.

"Too bad you didn't get the fastest." She replied.

"Fastest..." I muttered. "Wasswasi!" I cried flicking my wand at the snitch. It shot through the air moving at a high speed, and a moment before it slammed into the faucets it fluttered back and opened up, a single piece of paper fell out.

"Forbidden Forest, ten A.M. November first." Was all it read.

"Good thinking!" She gushed.

"Why are you so nice to me?" I asked her turning to see her face distorting . One second she's a bauxbaton girl, the next she's Rachel.

"Because you're an idiot." Rachel purred.

"Polyjuice?" I cried splashing a distance between us.

She swam closer till I felt the occasional brush of her leg against mine as we tread water. "Correct. You are a Ravenclaw after all." She purred. I began to swim away but she caught my arm. and pulled me back.

"By the way, I don't wear diapers anymore, so you've got nothing over me. Once again, I'm the better." She purred in my ear. I tried to pull away but she kept a hold of me for a moment more. "Look at how long it took you to figure the speed thing out, almost all the bubbles are gone." She said, and she was correct, we were in nearly clear water, both naked and I could see her body perfectly, albeit it was a little off scale due to the rippling water.

I swam to the other end of the tub where more bubbles covered my body. I would get out but I felt to shy to clamber out and let her see my naked body, which was previously slightly covered by a thin veil of dissipating bubbles.

She floated on her back and I saw her body perfectly. I knew in an instant why she was the hearthrob for all the guys. I blushed and turned away.

"I'm not going to be the first to leave you know." She called without looking up. I blushed but remained there. "You are really stubborn." She said swimming closer to me again. I pointlessly pushed water in her way. "Good try, but real wicked witches don't melt." She rolled her eyes as she neared my body again. I felt her pleasant breath blow on my face as the room grew silent.

"I think you might want to drop out of the tournament, it would be better for you." She said. There was something different in her voice, it still had its seductive purr, but it also seemed more sincere."

"Not going to happen." I replied bluntly.

"Fine, you leave me no choice." She said, then she swam around me and climbed out, revealing her entire body. I watched her leave a little shamefully as she dressed in her earlier outfit before leaving the room glancing back at me once more. "Thanks for the wand by the way." She said revealing that she took my wand. My eyes went wide as she dashed out the bathroom. I fumbled out of the bath and grabbed a towel, wrapping around my shoulders like a dress before I charged after her.

I continuously tugged at the towel to keep it from falling off my naked body while I ran after the slytherin slut. I looked like an idiot running through the halls, sopping wet, barefoot and only covered by a pale blue towel with my drenched hair sticking to my neck and face. Still a large group of boys watched my, hoping for the towel to fall of my body obviously.

I nearly tripped several times as I closed into Rachel and caught up to her outside of the transfiguration room. I slid into her and she fell to the ground. She held up my wand, swished it through the air and it became a single rose. It had been a trick wand. "Never took it, in the bathroom still. Hopefully."

"What is the meaning of this disorderly conduct?" Mcggonagal." Asked condescendingly.

"I.. was..uh...crap." I said.

"Well with no real explanation as why you are running through the school, nearly naked. Detention tomorrow at seven." She said. I nodded my head. "Rachel, see that our champion gets dressed as soon as possible." She said before leaving to her class.

"Nice Job." Rachel said, taking me by the arm and leading me to the bathroom

So what do you think?

