Anything to Confess? - Page 7

*150*2021-09-07 09:05

{{1 hour ago, Manowar said:

How romantic :-). But the point is: what has been written in the letter, Megan found...

}}

The skill of an author is not to reveal everything to the reader right away

&&

&&

&&

*151*2021-09-07 09:14

Chapter 54:

Liam

Last night was the best I can recall sleeping in a very long time. Vivid dreams of Megan wake me with a serious erection and alone in the flat I allow my mind to replay every moment of sitting on the bench and hearing how my dream girl was actually right beside me with warm wet knickers she’d peed in just before meeting me. I cum quickly and easily and after getting myself up I strip the bed and put the washing machine on which is already half full with my soaked clothing from yesterday. I wash and have breakfast and put on my spare jeans and the shirt I wore to church on Sunday just because it’s lying handy.

Work is just as normal on a route that is familiar and all day I listen out for my mobile hoping to get a text from Megan. The more hours pass the more I worry that yesterday was too much or that she’s no longer interested. It’s a huge mental effort to not allow my mind to get consumed with it but I honestly can’t think of anything else. While it’s not raining like it was last night it’s a cold and overcast day which only reflects the heaviness in my mind as each hour passes and I don’t hear from Megan.

Ryan buys me a take out coffee from a well known coffee place we pass on shift and I eat my usual food from home and drink my bottle of tap water like every other day. For once we are not picked up by the council mini van as our route takes us past the council offices and incredibly Ryan even suggests we check by the bottle banks in the car park for litter since we are back a bit early. Just standing where I last said goodbye to Megan brings back so many memories and reminds me that less than 24 hours ago I pissed right here with a beautiful girl watching. I shift from foot to foot aware that I really need to go again right now and I’m longing to unzip just as I did the night before. Ryan is too close though so I keep holding and we both walk around to the fountain and wait for the others to be dropped off so the driver can confirm he saw us before we head our separate ways. Maybe, just maybe, Megan might be there like she was yesterday?

The van pulls up and we are free to go. I’m really needing to pee badly but I hold back, not just my bladder but my whole body, as I look everywhere for Megan. I wait and wait until it’s not just obvious she’s not coming but it’s obvious to anyone watching me that I’m dying to pee too. I sprint home to my flat, frustrated, desperate and confused. I feel a little better and more relaxed after I get home and use the toilet but I can’t be bothered with cooking so just heat a tin of soup from the food bank and have a coffee replaying the night before in my mind like a broken record.

Why hasn’t Megan texted? Is everything ok?

Aunt Ella calls which distracts me for a bit. She’s delighted for me when I share that my job is now full time, though I just tell her I work for the council as I’m still too embarrassed to admit I spend all day picking up litter. She throws me when she asks if I am happy in Ireland. If I was with Megan right now I’d not just be happy I’d be delirious but Aunt Ella’s innocent question is just a bleak reminder that since our parting in the pouring rain yesterday I haven’t heard a thing from her. I tell my aunt that I have made quite a few friends and settled in my job and, because I know it will thrill her to hear this, I even tell her that I went to church on Sunday.

She doesn’t need to know why. I’ll save the real reason for another day.

*152*2021-09-07 12:55

Chapter 55:

Megan

As if getting home absolutely soaked to the skin isn’t stressful enough I come in the front door to carnage.

Mam is nowhere to be seen, neither is Theresa, I can smell something burning, hear a door slamming upstairs, Yasmin crying and something being ripped. I race to the kitchen, my clothes still dripping everywhere, where dad is pulling the oven door open and I can see whatever he has tried to cook burnt to a cinder and smoke filling the room. I grab a tea towel, flap it over the smoke and run and open the back door to prevent the smoke alarms going crazy. Dad is shouting and very stressed but he’s otherwise ok so I head into the living room next door and find Yasmin in her jumperoo crying. Picking her up I can smell her right away but before I can see to that I notice Rory in front of the TV on the floor ripping up a school jotter in anger. I grab the jotter pages out his hand with Yasmin still in my arms and my wet hair dripping everywhere.

“Rory calm down! What’s wrong?”

“My teacher wouldn’t listen when I said I didn’t know how to do my work and she told me I had to do all the stuff I didn’t get done in school for homework tonight. I came home angry and crying and you weren’t here! Dad and Anthony tried helping me but then dad forgot about dinner, Yasmin is crying so I can’t concentrate and Anthony stormed off to his room slamming the doors. I HATE school and I’m never going back, ok!”

I hug him, making him soaking wet as I haven’t even taken my anorak off yet but he clings to me regardless. I kiss his forehead and tell him to go get out his uniform while I change Yasmin and sort out dinner for everyone. I lie Yasmin on the floor and sort her out all the time hearing dad crashing and banging in the kitchen next door and noticing the ripped pages from Rory’s school work on the carpet everywhere. Once Yasmin is freshened up I take her in the kitchen, strap her in her high chair and help dad in the kitchen.

I should have been home preventing all this happening instead of chasing after some English litter picker and telling him about my wet pants! I smile at dad who is now emptying the kitchen bin to get rid of all the burnt food as I open the fridge to get some mince, carrot, onion, peppers and garlic. I boil some pasta, lightly fry the mince and veg and add a jar of bolognaise sauce. Dad calls the boys down for dinner and over the pasta meal I finally find out all that happened after school.

Rory is still upset so I promise him I’ll call school tomorrow and sort things and Anthony quietly apologises for storming off. I ask about Theresa who apparently has gone to visit nan and papa after work and dad asks how mam has been. He doesn’t look at all surprised when I say she hasn’t got out of bed all day. I’m waiting for someone, anyone, to ask where I was but none of them do. Instead the atmosphere lightens considerably when Anthony points at little Yasmin and we all laugh at the state she’s in. Even her hair is bright red with the sauce from her dinner.

“Anyone fancy some ice cream? I’m guessing little miss is getting a bath tonight anyway don’t you?”

I supervise three baths plus hair washing and reassure Rory several times more that I will sort out school in the morning. Anthony asks if they can play computer for a bit and I leave them to it while I warm some milk for Yasmin and get her settled for bed. Theresa arrives home late carrying a fish supper in her hands and she takes it upstairs to check on mam. Settling the boys next door I hear her and mam chatting away in mam’s room and I am thankful that Theresa might manage to get mam to eat something and be there for her. Mam won’t even let me in her room let alone sit next to her on her bed chatting and sharing chips. I do at least get in to put Yasmin in her cot, though both Theresa and mam immediately stop chatting while I am there.

Downstairs dad is sleeping in front of the TV so I make him a coffee while making myself a tea and then I head to bed exhausted. It’s only when I am finally alone in the room I share with my sister that I get any chance to think about Liam. Changing into my nighty I reread his note over and over. If only I had a mobile. If only I could text him!

The next morning I put Yasmin in her buggy and walk her to school with the boys. While Anthony goes to the playground I go to the school office with Rory. The Headteacher has thankfully changed since my time at St. Christopher’s and he takes the time to listen to Rory and even goes to the storage cupboard to get him a new maths jotter. He promises me he will speak to the teacher then sends Rory back to class. Just as i’m about to leave with Yasmin in her buggy he turns and asks how things are at home. I’m furious! What business is it of his? I lie and say all is great and get out of there quickly.

My intention is to somehow be at the fountain again at 4:30 to meet Liam but then I remember I need to be at the McGintley’s at 5 for my shift with Courtney. After last night I’m worried about leaving the boys and Yasmin so I spend the day getting everything organised by preparing a slow cooker meal, setting out the kid’s pyjamas and after school clothes ready and making sure Yasmin is clean and sorted before I leave.

When the boys get home from school I check their homework and sit with them both at the kitchen table to get it done before dinner. Rory says he’s had a better day but still struggling and Anthony tells me all about his school topic. I explain about looking after Courtney and they are both happier knowing when I will be home. Dad and Theresa both get in just as I’m dishing up dinner and we all eat together, with dad taking some up to mam, before I go to work.

Throughout it all my mind and thoughts drift every chance I get to Liam. If only I had a way of letting him know I still very much want to see him again…

*153*2021-09-08 08:46

Chapter 56:

Liam

Wednesday morning I am in the middle of my shower when I hear my mobile ring. With just a towel wrapped around me I get to it just before it rings off. It’s the police!

I listen intently whilst balancing the mobile between my shoulder and my ear as I struggle drying myself and putting on clothes whilst still listening. It’s been a full week since I confessed to them what I did but apparently they are not much further forward as the police back in England are struggling to get hold of Lauren. That doesn’t surprise me as she often up and left to go abroad without telling me where she was and according to her we were meant to be engaged! Her parents are being very vague with the police too, again just as I expected, but the police do inform me that CCTV on the ferry confirms my story and that the car was found, exactly where I said I left it, a week before I gave my statement. They promise to update me when they have more information and remind me I can’t leave the country or move house and so forth without informing them.

I text Gareth right away and he replies immediately saying he’ll buy me a pint at the weekend when he’s in Bangor to celebrate. I can’t wait to see him. It’s been far too long! I toy with calling Aunt Ella but I don’t want her involved any more than she already is and she still doesn’t know what I did anyway. After Gareth’s reply I sit down and look around my small living room suddenly feeling quite lonely. I finally have my own place, a full time job, I’ve escaped the control and manipulation of Lauren Bennet, and in a few weeks I will have wages finally going into my bank account, but yet I feel so alone, so forgotten. For the first time since that last call with my mum I actually wonder about what she said. Is it true I have a sister? If so what is she like? Does she look like me? Did mum abandon her too?

Days off are not good for my mind and not hearing from Megan is driving me crazy. I know that it might seem to some like stalking but I decide to go a walk to the Bloomfield estate and especially to number 25 Woodburn Close. I need to talk to her again so much. I need to see her so badly.

I had a coffee and toast before my shower so I swallow a glass of water standing at the sink and then brush my teeth and head out. I have no idea what I will do or say if I see Megan but I alternate between anger that she still hasn’t texted and concern that everything is ok for her. From next week my shifts increase to full time and I won’t have so many days off to walk, worry, and infatuate about her. Worst still there will be much less time to see her too.

I head in the direction of the estate but then nerves hit me badly and I change direction to the sea front, walking up past the old library, then St Mary’s chapel, and coming in the other side of the estate and retracing the same route I did on Sunday after church when I followed Megan to her house. I’ve been walking almost an hour and as I check my watch I notice it’s almost 11am. The estate is quiet and as I turn into Woodburn Close I suddenly have this crazy idea!

I open the gate to number 25 with its small front garden and short straight path. The grass is looking like it needs cut but it’s not too wild yet, and the front door is no different to any other in the street apart from an old looking number plate on a flowery background. I am about to knock the door when I see a bell at the side. With my hands shaking and my heart beating fast I ring the bell and pray that it’s Megan who answers.

It is!

I stand there in silence, frozen for a second and blown away with the reality of seeing her in the flesh again. Her hair is loosely tied back in a pony tail, she has on one of her amazing midi skirts I so adore and her fitted t-shirt draws my eyes instantly to her alluring breasts. I had a full speech in my head practiced over and over coming down the front path but faced with Megan right in front of me on her own front door step my mouth has gone bone dry and all I manage to get out is a pathetic but friendly, ‘hello’.

*154*2021-09-08 12:07

Chapter 57:

Megan

I am so happy to see Rory heading out to school with Anthony as usual. I watch them from the front door and can’t help thinking how little it took really to sort things out for Rory. Why couldn’t mam do that? I know she has her issues but last week she could go out with dad all day buying things for Anthony’s first communion and she was all dressed up on Saturday, and great all weekend when the twins were back. I’m sure if our Aisling came over she’d suddenly get washed and dressed and be the doting gran-to-be again too. Yet looking after Yasmin every day, going to the school to sort thing for her youngest son, cooking meals and cleaning, all seem beyond her. It makes me angry just thinking about it.

I close the door and get on with doing the things mam ought to be. I’m just washing the breakfast dishes when I get such a shock seeing mam behind me. I turn and notice how awful she looks but I know enough not to comment. Her hair is greasy and tangled, her face creased and pale, her eyes bleary and dull. She’s wearing her bedclothes and slippers with bare feet and she doesn’t even speak to me as she reaches into a cupboard and picks up some medication. With my hands still in the sink I look at her and hesitantly ask if she’s ok. As expected she snaps at me angrily.

“No I am not! Can you not keep the boys quieter in the mornings Meg? My head is splitting and I need some pain killers ok! Make me a glass of water would you?”

I do as she requests and although I’m a little concerned at the size of the paper bag she has from the chemist in her hand I don’t feel I dare question her, not after how she was with me on Saturday at chapel. She heads back upstairs and I finish the dishes and put the kettle on to make myself some coffee as I mash a banana up in a bowl for Yasmin. I take my coffee into the living room and drink it sitting on the floor feeding Yasmin some of the banana while she bounces in her jumperoo. Pulling funny faces at her I have a lovely memory of taking her to the rhyme thing last week at the library. She loved that and I consider for a moment taking her back again this morning, but then something unexplainable stops me and I decide to just stay at home.

Just as I am wiping Yasmin’s face and about to take my empty mug into the kitchen the house phone rings. Keen not to disturb mam I answer it quickly. It’s the letting agent getting back to me about the flat I enquired about using Theresa’s iPad the other day. I ask how much the deposit is then tell them politely that I have changed my mind but thanks for calling me. There’s no way I have that sort of money even if I did get that back to work bonus Mr McGintley applied for for me. I vacuum and tidy up and I am just reading a story to Yasmin on the couch when the door bell goes. Putting Yasmin back in her jumperoo I go to open the front door and look at the man facing me.

It’s Liam.

I don’t know what I expect him to say but his feeble ‘hello’ seems so sweet and innocent. Glancing upstairs behind me and nervous about the thought mam might come back down at any point I step towards Liam and say quietly and coyly,

“My mam is in bed sick but you can come in for a minute if you want.”

I open the door to let him in and as he steps closer to me my mind runs crazy and my body warms just at the brush of his arm against mine. I’m every bit as attracted to him as I was two days ago when I last saw him and I long to kiss him so much it hurts…

Yasmin waves her hands and giggles at the new visitor and I look over at her smiling. He’s looking right at her too.

“I think someone likes you.”

“I hope she’s not the only one?”

I look right up at him, at his wavy hair, pink cheeks, sparkling eyes and gorgeous smile,

“She’s not!”

*155*2021-09-08 21:58

Chapter 58:

Liam

I’m so glad she actually invited me in! The house is warm and homely, though nowhere near as big as I expected. At first my eyes are drawn to the happy, giggling baby who is bouncing up and down excitedly in some fancy baby thing. She’s a right cute little girl and much happier than I remember her in the buggy when I sang to her on Saturday morning. Megan comments innocently that the child seems to like me and I can’t help commenting saying I hope she’s not the only one.

Now I am standing right beside Megan the very thought that she might not want to see me, kiss me, date me even, is terrifying. But then she looks right up at me and as soon as she’s said ‘she’s not’ I can’t resist bending down and kissing her. My arms wrap around her and I enfold her, pulling her towards me because I never want to let her go. I have to say something. I need to know.

“You didn’t text me? I wasn’t sure if you wanted to see me again?”

Her head goes down and she looks over at the baby instead of me.

“I don’t have a mobile. It broke months ago and I don’t have the money to get a new one yet. Dad doesn’t let us use the house phone to call mobiles unless it’s an emergency. I was working last night so couldn’t meet you.”

I wrap my arms around her feeling angry and ashamed at myself for my annoyance at her not texting or meeting me and upset for Megan because she looks so embarrassed and sad.

“I’m sorry. I didn’t know.”

The baby starts making a little noise and Megan pulls out my arms.

“That’s ok. I need to keep Yasmin quiet, sorry. Mam isn’t well. Fancy a walk with her?”

I’ve just walked miles to get here but anything with Megan is welcome so I nod and watch as she effortlessly gets a buggy out a cupboard, puts a coat on the little one and herself and gets the buggy out the front door. I follow behind and she closes the door without locking it. We stroll in the direction of the sea front chatting easily but the breeze seems to hit me and I start to need the toilet. Not badly, and definitely not enough to mention to Megan, but enough to distract me a bit and annoy me. I ask Megan if anyone said anything after our kiss at the back of the chapel on Saturday and she shares about her baby sister being sick on her just before the family photo and having to come home. I find myself getting quite emotional thinking about that and place my hand on top of hers as she pushes the buggy.

“It’s getting a bit breezy. I don’t want Yasmin getting a chill. Do you mind if we head back now?”

I don’t care where we head as long as I am with Megan so I nod and while we walk back towards the housing estate I can feel my need to pee increasing quickly and I wonder if Megan will let me use her bathroom before I go. I could, at a push, make it back to my flat but it would definitely be another very close call.

Megan is quieter heading back too and I can’t help wondering what she’s thinking about. As we turn into Woodburn Close I start worrying how, and if, we will manage to meet again. I can’t call her as she doesn’t have a mobile and neither can she call or text me. I don’t know what hours she works or what days and from next week my shifts double too. But I need to spend time with her. I need to be with her so much. And I need to use her loo. I really hope she lets me do that when I get to hers. I can’t believe how badly I suddenly need to go.

*157*2021-09-09 08:39

Chapter 59:

Megan

I didn’t realise how chilly it was outside and with Yasmin’s heart issues I worry that she might get another chest infection. I don’t want to burden Liam with any of my worries and I have already said too much about my family as it is. Dad hates us telling anyone about mam saying there’s too much judgement around in the world. That’s why I am quieter as we walk back to mine but when he places his hand on top of mine I feel an affection, an understanding, and I find myself going against everything my parents say and inviting Liam in, just for a coffee though. As long as we are quiet and don’t wake mam then we should be ok.

He’s happy to come in and I take his coat and hang it over the back of one of the armchairs. He holds the under stair cupboard door open while I put the folded buggy away and follows me quietly into the kitchen while I get some lunch for Yasmin. Putting the baby in her high chair so I can make something she gets very restless and I panic about waking mam and her coming down and seeing a man in the house. I pick Yasmin up again but it’s a huge struggle cracking eggs, adding milk and butter and salt to a pan and putting toast on, all with her little hands going everywhere and her face in mine. For a moment I forget how little I know Liam because when he offers to take Yasmin I instantly hand her to him relieved. Seeing him holding her, talking quietly to her and keeping her occupied is lovely and I stupidly ask him if he’d like some scrambled egg and toast.

“God that takes me back! I’ve not had that in years. If you’ve got enough that would be lovely.”

I notice he’s moving around from foot to foot standing in front of the fridge freezer with Yasmin in his arms but I put his movement down to awkwardness with the baby and trying to keep her quiet. Yasmin is much more settled when she sees lunch and I fill two glasses and a baby cup of water for us all too. Watching Liam eating makes me smile. It takes me back to the time we were in the cafe and he’d finished his soup before I’d even started mine! 

He eats quickly and drinks his water one handed, his other hand under the table though I have no idea why. I am more focussed on feeding Yasmin though and eating my own portion before it gets cold. I leave the dishes in the sink to wash later and take Yasmin into the living room as Liam follows. I know he should leave at this point but I don’t want him too and when I sit on the sofa with the baby I tap the seat beside me inviting him to sit down. He sits awkwardly with his long legs crossed looking nervous. I’m nervous too so I don’t think anything of it.

Liam looks around the room and asks me casually about the family pics on the wall. While Yasmin cuddles in I tell him about Sean and Lilly’s wedding last year, Aisling and Harrison’s wedding just months later, Shaun, Iain, and Niamh’s graduation pics and how the twins are now doing PHD degrees, an old school photo of Shaun, Aisling, Iain, Niamh, and Theresa at St Christopher’s the year before I started there, a more recent school photo of Anthony and Rory at the same school and a baby pic of Yasmin.

“None of you?”

Truthfully it had never occurred to me that there were none with me in. I’m sure it’s accidental as I notice Yasmin has now fallen asleep in my arms. I stand up holding her ready to take her up to her cot when I remember mam being unwell and I lie the baby on the sofa instead just where I was sitting, her little feel touching Liam’s legs. As I move to sit on an armchair facing Liam he stands anxiously.

“I should really go now. I just wanted to see you and ask why you hadn’t text. Actually before I go Megan would it be ok if I…”

I don’t want him to go! We haven’t even properly kissed and I don’t know when I will see him again. Before he can get to his coat on the back of the armchair I’m sitting on I run to him, throw my arms around him, and beg him to stay just a bit longer…

*159*2021-09-09 11:56

Chapter 60:

Liam

She’s an amazing beautiful girl is Megan, but it’s obvious she’s struggling trying to cook and hold the baby. I’ve never held a baby before but I offer none the less even though I really want to ask if I can use Megan’s loo. It actually feels lovely holding the child and talking to her. She’s incredibly cute and responsive and her little smile would melt anyone. When Megan takes her back to put her in her chair I so want to ask if I can just use the bathroom first but it seems so inappropriate when she’s just made me something hot to eat. I try my utmost to hold on, having to squeeze myself under the table a few times. The egg and toast is so amazing and reminds me of Aunt Ella back in England. One thing I do know is that she’d adore Megan almost as much as I do.

Walking back into the main room all I can think about is trying to find a way to ask Megan where her bathroom is. It’s on the very tip of my tongue when she pats the seat beside her beckoning me to sit there and the moment is gone. I have to cross my legs and sit at an angle in order to keep things at bay but the entire time Megan is talking about her family photos I can feel my urethra pulsing through my penis threatening to burst out in protest at my inability to go to the toilet. If I’m not going to use Megan’s bathroom then I need to be going home very urgently!

So when she lies the sleeping child beside me I think this is my chance! I stand up, squeezing my muscles as tight as possible, give some feeble excuse about it being my time to go, then I swallow my pride and ask…but before I finish my sentence she throws herself into my arms and begs me quietly to stay. I hold her, treasuring her body and smell in every way but the pressure is just so intensive between my legs. I use my hand to gently tuck a stray piece of her hair behind her ear then whisper as close to her ear as I can.

“I’d love to stay. Really I would. But only on one condition…please please may I use your toilet first? I’ve been dying to ask ever since I got here.”

She runs her hands through my hair enticingly, then as I am still bent down where I leant to whisper in her ear she uses bath her hands to push my shoulders down until I am pushed backwards and end up sitting in her armchair in shock. Fearing she’s going to do a Lauren on me and hit me I cover my face and feel a dribble of urine leaking into my underwear. Immediately I move one hand and grab at my crotch in urgency.

Megan doesn’t hit me, in fact quite the opposite! Bending her knees she sits on my knee astride facing me nibbling my neck and ear lobe and asking me how close I am to pissing myself.

I only reply one word but it’s the absolute truth…

“Very!”

I can feel the urine almost at the very tip of my penis. I’m bursting to go even though what she’s doing is turning me on like crazy. My hand is covering my crotch and despite getting harder and harder I still feel like I am seconds from losing it, which scares me and excites me in equal measure.

“Shame you haven’t got spare trousers with you Liam. I have something I need to confess to you though…I want you so much right now! I love the fact you’re bursting for a pee! It just does something to me.”

She kisses me seductively and sexily, her tongue going deep into my mouth, but even though I want her so so badly I’m terrified any minute I am going to soak my jeans, Megan, and her parent’s armchair.

*160*2021-09-09 20:47

Chapter 61:

Megan

Something just comes over me and I push Liam onto the armchair when he whispers that he’s desperate to pee. I’d never ever hurt him but realising that the way he moved from foot to foot in the kitchen earlier holding Yasmin and what he might have been doing with his hand under the table at lunch and the way he sat crossed legged on the couch beside me just a moment ago all drive me crazy suddenly. I can’t explain why, but the thought he’s been holding and absolutely bursting while I was cooking, eating and talking with him has my body yearning for him in ways I have never experienced before. I practically throw myself on him like a rampant rabbit as his hand grips between his legs.

I really wish he had fresh clothes with him so could watch him relax while I sit on his knee. To see the wetness grow, get to look at his face as he lets go of the intense pressure, to feel it on his clothes with my fingers; it all just excites me so much, but then the thought of him being embarrassed in public walking home horrifies me in equal measure. I can’t help touching and pressing my hand over his crotch, groping between his legs whilst using my other hand to unbutton his shirt. Even the thought that mam could come downstairs or the baby could wake up doesn’t deter me from the lust that is overwhelming me.

“Megan, I mean it. I really gotta piss!”

“I know honey.”

I undo his jeans button and fly with much difficulty, partly because he’s sitting down with me straddled on top of him and partly because they feel so taut around his waist. His shirt is now unbuttoned and I can’t help but run my hand down his chest in longing.

“I can’t hold this any longer! Please Megan can I use your toilet! Please!”

I can see the sweat on his forehead, the tightness of his mouth, the desperation in his eyes. Pulling open the top of his jeans as much as I can as he squirms and writhes beneath me I quickly pull off my top revealing my cheap white bra and prise his hands away from his legs as I scrunch up my t-shirt, go inside the leg of his boxers and fish for his penis as I then hold my top in front of his erect penis as a spurt of warm liquid bursts out. Liam keeps squirming holding the sides of the arm chair and moaning with his eyes half closed.

“Oh God. I need to fucking piss!”

“Let some go in my top sweetheart. It’s ok.”

Another longer spurt bursts out as I catch it in my rolled up t-shirt feeling the warmth and wetness as it soaks through to my hand. I’m sliding off of Liam now as his body raises itself from the chair as his arms push his body up and he bounces on the seat in extreme desperation. The spurt stops but I can see from his body stance, his face, the way his penis surges in my hand that he can’t hold back the inevitable.

My already wet t-shirt isn’t going to be enough to absorb it all. Not by a long way.

*162*2021-09-09 21:31

{{10 minutes ago, pwpj said:

Oh gawd, will they get found out?

I think Megan's dad may secretly be an omo fan. Did his note, thinking the wet knickers were her mum's, imply this?

I really hope they get and stay together as they sound so sweet.

}}

Keep reading tomorrow and in the days to come to find out. Not giving anything away

*164*2021-09-10 09:03

Chapter 62:

Liam

Oh fucking hell do I need to piss, but oh my God do I adore everything Megan is doing to me! Lauren controlled me in a manipulative, underhanded, hurtful way but what Megan is doing with me right now is playful, fun and extremely hot! I clench my butt cheeks trying my utmost to keep from pissing and I’m holding onto the chair and tensing everything, but it’s no use; I’m just so full and so gasping to go that a spurt bursts out regardless. Megan’s reaction and what she uses to catch it blows my mind. Seeing her in her bra is so enticing, so beautiful, so alluring! God do I want her more than anything else ever in the world right now.

But fuck, I can’t hold this back. I can’t!

Another longer spurt shoots out and once again Megan manages to catch it, but her top isn’t big enough and my need is just so so intense I could scream.

“Oh God! It’s coming babe.”

“You’re doing amazing Liam. Let me deal with it.”

Her hand on my dick is just so sensual, erotic even, and as she squeezes the tip closed I yearn for her in unexplainable ways I have never felt in my life. I genuinely have no idea what she’s going to do but somehow I trust her beyond what I naturally should, having only met her for the first time a month ago. With one hand tightly gripping my member as I writhe and moan right on the edge of eruption she used her other hand to slip off her skirt as she bunches that up with her top and uses both to cover the end of my shaking penis.

“Try and control the release Liam so I can catch it. The slower the better if you can.”

If is the right word! Has she got any fucking idea of the pressure pulsating from my bladder right now or the crushing tension pressing against my urethra? It feels like an ocean inside me and dripping it out like a leaking tap isn’t a bloody option. I grit my teeth, close my eyes, tighten my pelvic muscles as hard as I physically can and try to let out as small an amount as possible. Being this on edge, having this intensity, feels deliriously hot but I have no idea how sustainable it is and how much self control I can handle. What I do know though is that having Megan do what’s she’s doing is the most seductive and titillating experience I have ever experienced in my life!

I moan urgently and desperately as a longer spurt sends my long rigid penis pointing towards Megan as she manages to absorb it all again in the material in her hands. I grunt as yet another spurt oozes out uncontrollably.

It’s no use! The closing off after each spurt is so painful, so undeniably difficult that I can’t keep it up. It’s all or nothing from now on because my need has never felt this strong and I’ve been holding back beyond what I thought even possible. I allow my bum to rest on the armchair and take my full weight as I clench my fists and concentrate so intensely on controlling my release. I allow my eyes to open and the sight awaiting me is like perfection personified. Standing smiling in just her bra and knickers is my Megan, the most beautiful girl ever to live. Her body is so arousing, so seductive, so risqué.

God I am hard and ready but bloody hell I gotta pee so badly still. I look down at Megan’s hand so gently holding my equipment and touching me in ways that send shivers right through me. I can feel the urine as it flows through me even with my penis so swollen and erect. My flow is steady and Megan is doing a fine job of using her clothing to soak up all the warm liquid, her skirt changing colour in her hand the wetter it gets. Oh God please don’t let my piss go everywhere on the carpet and furniture if it’s beyond what her material can contain!

My stream is still going strong, as controlled as I can possibly manage, aided a lot by how swollen and hard I am. Megan is mopping it all up grandly turning the clothing as necessary to absorb the continuous stream.

“Geez you seriously needed this Liam eh! I can only imagine how bursting you must have been honey. You’re making me really need to go now too just watching you. I can’t believe you’re still going!”

I can’t stop. I just can’t. The relief is just so overpowering, the sense of relaxation euphoric after holding back so long. I feel the tension releasing from the top of my head to the bottom of my toes. I’m no longer sweating, my creased face is now beaming in delight and my toes no longer clench in my trainers. My breathing is returning to a more normal level and my back is relaxed into the comfortable chair as urine seeps out of me and into the careful, safe hands of a woman I know I am falling in love with more as every moment passes.

*165*2021-09-10 15:07

Chapter 63:

Megan

Oh boy did he have to go! I can’t risk any of his urine getting on the furniture or the carpet so it makes sense to catch it in my clothing. My top is so wet though that it’s dripping onto my hand so I beg Liam to stop just long enough for me to get more material in the form of my skirt. The long pleated cotton allows Liam to release more but jeez will he ever stop pissing? Holding his penis and feeling it move and grow in my hand has to be one of the most incredibly feelings in the whole world. The only trouble is I can feel my own body warming, dampening, and swelling between my legs so much it almost feels like I have leaked pee too. Actually seeing so much urine pouring from Liam has quite suddenly made me realise that I really need to pee too. There’s no way I can even think about using my clothing for my own need though as it’s utterly soaked through with Liam’s output alone. Will he ever stop going?

With every last millimetre of my long skirt and top drenched in warm liquid in my hand, and drips of pee running down my wrist and arm, finally Liam’s penis stops pouring out liquid and I race into the kitchen with the heavy soaking material to throw it all in the washing machine. I grab the tea towel that’s hanging up in the kitchen and dab my hand and arm dry before returning immediately to Liam who is sitting facing me looking so much more relaxed, yet his eyes look at me as I get closer with what I can only describe as longing and lust. Strangely I suddenly feel embarrassed to be standing in just my knickers and bra. They don’t even match and neither are new or particularly fancy. But Liam doesn’t seem to care as he stands up and throws his arms around me and kisses me, his jeans falling to his ankles and his hard dick still poking out the leg of his boxers and rubbing against my now very damp underpants.

My desire for Liam is now all consuming as I pull off his unbuttoned shirt and throw it onto the arm chair and rip down his plain blue boxers. I pull back from the intensive kiss just enough to admire his naked body and to move instantly from foot to foot as my need to pee intensifies by the minute. There’s absolutely no way I can risk running upstairs to the bathroom and mam catching me in just my underwear and I one hundred percent don’t want to leave Liam right now either. Maybe I am misunderstanding my body and the pressure and tingling between my legs is actually caused by my intense desire for the naked handsome man in front of me?

Without a word passing between us, and while he gently sucks at my lower neck causing the tingling in my entire body to go up a pace so quickly I almost feel faint, I allow Liam to unhook my bra and let it fall to the floor like discarded waste. His hands are all over my body, exploring and feeling me gently and enticingly, and I adore and treasure every second, not even giving another though to my baby sister on the couch nearby or my mam upstairs. I am at a point I can’t stop and neither can Liam. As he slides a hand teasingly down my back and bottom and inside my pants I giggle quietly at the tickling and tingling it creates. As his hand moves more gently towards the front I know what he’s going to do next and I’m shaking in anticipation. He slides his palm over my pounding vagina as his fingers explore my most private body part effortlessly. I want him so much I could scream as I slide my own knickers to the floor and step out of them.

As his face reaches closer to mine in anticipation of another incredible kiss I pant and squirm helplessly.

“Be careful honey. I’m bursting to pee remember.”

“Oh don’t you worry about that baby. It only makes you look and feel even more beautiful. You ok with this?”

“More than ok.”

He steps out of his jeans and boxers and turns me gently so my back is now in front of the armchair he was previously sitting on when he pissed into my clothes. He gently lowers my body onto the chair, carefully putting my legs over the arms and edging my lower body forwards so my open and pounding vagina is exposed and readily accessible. Then he bends down and uses his tongue to lick my swollen labia, my wet and warm vaginal opening, my pulsating and throbbing urethra, and finally my rock hard clitoris.

I urgently need to urinate yet simultaneously I can feel an equal urgency and excruciating need to orgasm. I tip my head back and trust my body to somehow hold back from emptying my bladder whist relaxing into everything Liam is doing. It’s proving harder and harder as he runs his delicious tongue all over my clit and back along my desperate urethra.

I’m not sure how much more my body can take.

*169*2021-09-11 09:16

Chapter 64:

Liam

I’m mesmerised and hypnotised by every last centimetre of Megan’s naked body. I frantically want to make love to her but yet I never want this moment of edging, this cliff top experience, this soar of sexual energy to subside. I want to stay this hard, have Megan this needy and eager, having us both so utterly ravenous for each other, last forever. I know we don’t have forever but I don’t want to rush anything either.

That all changes very suddenly though as my hand feels Megan’s genitalia inside her panties for the first time and she send sparks shooting inside my body when she casually and innocently says to be careful as she’s bursting for the loo. Oh. My. God. I think I’m about to explode then and there! I check she’s ok to proceed, even though my body is yelling at me to do so regardless, and the second she agrees I get her into position.

I’m sure, like me, her body is more than ready for this but just to make sure, and because I have longed to do it ever since that day I saw her in the launderette, I get down on her and explore every part of her incredible vagina with my tongue. Watching her shake, hearing her moan, and feeling her body pulsating with my tongue is the most heavenly, sensual, and intimate experience ever.

My penis is aching to take her, to go inside her, to love on her, and I stand up and step between her legs running my hands up her sides and cupping her beautiful curvaceous breasts as I lean forwards allowing my body to go exactly where it longs to be. She swallows me and encompasses me like our bodies are united as one as I feel her vibrate as my penis slides back and forth easily even as I feel her membrane break for the first time. Suddenly realising the enormity that this must be her first time I stroke her face gently and find myself thanking her quietly because I am suddenly emotional and full of feelings for Megan that I have never experienced before in my 31 years on earth.

This is nothing like the lustful quick sex I had with Lauren back in England. This is special, beautiful and wonderful. As Megan’s body pulls and pushes I follow her lead and allow her to control the pace, gazing at her nakedness in absolute awe. She’s hasn’t spoken since I sat her on the seat and I can’t help wondering what she’s thinking when she pants out almost crying…

“I want you so much Liam Jude even though I feel like I might pee any second. But don’t stop honey. Please don’t stop!”

I move one of my hands from her breast and nipple and gently feel her lower stomach, her rock hard bladder driving me wild with passion. I can’t stop as I slide in and out faster than I was doing previously, more rigorously, more frantically until I can feel that all too familiar surge that rises right from my testicles and races down my long, hard, pulsating penis and surges out quickly and uncontrollably, for once inside a girl that I adore with all I have. Seconds later Megan shakes and surges as she moans quietly and grips the sides of the seat to steady herself. Then she sighs contentedly, her eyes closed over, her smile enormous and a tear running down her cheek. I gently run my thumb over the tear to mop it up as I lean forward and kiss her lips sweetly and ever so gently. I then kiss her forehead and whisper to my sweetheart, my princess,

“Thank you! You are so perfect. So beautiful and perfect. My darling Megan.”

My penis slips out naturally and I turn to find my boxers, step back in them and pull them up. Seeing the little one asleep on the couch it suddenly occurs to me how easily we could be caught as I panic about what Megan will be able to do for clothes without risking disturbing her sick mum upstairs. I pull my jeans up and fasten them and I am just buttoning my shirt up, aware that Megan hasn’t got up yet, when I hear her voice suddenly.

I turn to see her sitting upright in the arm chair a hand wedged under her as she sits on the chair squirming and fidgeting naked.

“Help me! Please! I’m about to pee all over this chair because I just can’t hold it anymore!”

*170*2021-09-11 13:10

Chapter 65:

Megan

Sex with Liam leaves me feeling special and sexy but suddenly so utterly desperate to pee that I am convinced I will wee all over the arm chair in my own living room! It’s almost as if having Liam’s penis inside me pulled the seal away from the end of my exhausted urethra or having his cum in my vagina inexplicably added to the already full load in my bladder causing it to overflow. I know biologically neither is possible but as I squirm naked trying valiantly to hold back my thought are so clouded by my overcoming need to urinate that nothing makes sense.

I can’t possibly risk running upstairs naked and mam seeing me, and to be truthful I know I wouldn’t make it on time anyway. I’m forced to ask, beg even, Liam to help me. I watch as he scans the room quickly before heading into the kitchen next door. Biting my lip and holding myself I squirm behind him thinking that if I burst all over the floor then cleaning up the kitchen linoleum will be so much easier than the living room carpet. As Liam flusters around looking I dance around naked telling him I am about to pee everywhere and begging him to hurry whilst purposely keeping my voice low so as not to wake either Yasmin or mam.

“Do you want a bottle Megan? Or a pot? Or a jug? What am I looking for?”

“Anything! Liam just hand me that saucepan from the sink…quick!”

He reaches over and I watch in slow motion as he carefully lifts the pan as quietly as possible out of the sink where I left it after using it to make scrambled egg earlier. While I know it’s only a few seconds the time it seems to take him to take a few steps towards me and turn the saucepan around so that I can grab the handle seem to last hours and are agony as I twist and contort my body in a effort to keep hanging on. I was raised with manners but I don’t even have time to say thank you as I grab it unceremoniously out his hand, hold it between my legs and bend my knees just in time as a fountain pours out from between my legs filling and foaming in the metal saucepan causing little pieces of left over scrambled egg to float in clumps on top. After around 30 seconds of intense peeing I look up at Liam who is staring at me intently. I wink and smile, and looking right into his eyes I can finally mouth ‘thank you!’.

The constant trickle of pee feels everlasting as I feel like the weight of the world has just been lifted off my shoulders. Still crouched down and letting the last of my bladder empty I look up at Liam standing awkwardly watching me. There’s so much unspoken between us, so much connection, so many emotions rushing through my mind, but right this second one thing just needs to be said,

“Liam…you’ve missed a button on your shift, one side is longer than the other and you look like a little orphan without a mammy.”

I pull the pan from between my legs, walk past Liam and pour the contents down the sink before rinsing the pan and leaving it back in the sink with the other lunch dishes. I can hear Liam quietly unbuttoning and refastening his shirt behind me as I open the tumble dryer and rummage for any clean clothes of mine to put on quickly in case anyone comes home or mam comes downstairs. I can’t find any pants or even a bra but I slip into one of my unironed skirts and a t-shirt before going back into the living room to check on Yasmin. Liam follows, his shirt now buttoned correctly as he pulls his socks and trainers on silently.

I can’t help watching him thinking how much I really really like him when I hear the front gate open. Panicking Liam hobbles into the kitchen urgently, still with one lace untied, as I rush behind him into the kitchen to wash the dishes like nothing has been going on. I open the back door and shoo Liam out quickly as he winks at me and blows me a kiss before disappearing around the back of the house against the wall waiting until the coast is clear to leave. I close the back door just as Theresa walks through the living room and right into the kitchen as I turn the hot tap on to start washing dishes.

My heart is pounding in my chest, and my mind racing so much that even though I know Theresa is there I still jump when she speaks to me.

“Fancy a coffee Meg?”

I turn around feeling adrenaline soaring through every fibre of my being. Seeing her standing there in her grey uniform, her hair tied sensibly back in a pony tail like mine and her innocent smile I can hardly reply let alone look her in the eye.

“You’ve got your top on inside out Meg. Don’t tell me you’ve been wearing it like that all day?”

Suddenly I remember my bra and knickers lying on the living room floor next door and my urine soaked clothes in the washing machine. Father Reilly would be so ashamed of me but I just add to the intense guilt I already feel by inventing an impulsive lie.

“Yasmin had a bit of an accident. Not her fault but just bad timing when I was changing her nappy. Peed all over me so I just had to grab something out the dryer quickly.”

I need to get next door and hide my underwear before Theresa, or anyone else, sees it. I’m not even sure I can think up an adequate lie to explain those. Leaving the dishes half done I rush to dry my hands on the tea towel by the door then almost run into the living room.

“Just checking on Yasmin. Coffee would be lovely please!”

*171*2021-09-12 09:54

Chapter 66:

Liam

I walk back to my flat in a daze feeling so incredible after what just happened at Megan’s. I make myself a coffee and switch on the news wishing I had the money for fags as I could happily have a contented smoke right now. I must dose off as the next I know I get a fright as Flavius walks in smiling. As it’s been almost a week since he was last here I had almost forgotten all about him! I get up to find him some bedding and a towel to use as he hangs his coat over a dining chair and sits down on the couch. 

His mobile rings while I am out the room and I return to him chatting happily in his native language. I wave a box of tea bags and a jar of coffee in his eye line but he shakes his head. I am just looking in cupboards and the fridge and freezer for ideas for dinner when he gets off his phone and joins me. He reaches his hand into his back pocket and gives me three £20 notes. Just as I am taking the money for his rent he reaches into the cupboard for some things, adds to the pile with some odds and ends from the fridge, then uses his hands to indicate for me to leave the kitchen.

I sit at the dining table listening and watching him suspiciously with my mobile in front of me as I have this sudden urge to join Facebook. I had vowed to avoid all social media many years ago after seeing the rifts it caused between friends at high school, but I find myself yearning suddenly for a picture of Megan Murphy. I don’t even know if she even has a Facebook but after googling her unsuccessfully I am willing to do anything just to see her face again. Almost as if the whole world is affirming my craving Flavius switches on the kitchen radio and the first song that plays is James Blunt’s ‘You’re beautiful’. Opening Facebook and searching for Megan Murphy I eventually find myself touching her profile pic on my phone with my finger tips as I mouth along to the words of the song.

I can’t imagine life without her. I need her so much.

I so want to add her as a friend and wonder if this is even acceptable? Just a few hours ago we saw each other naked and had incredible sex together yet here I am snooping through her Facebook wall and admiring her so helplessly, yet still terrified of pressing a simple ‘add friend’ button. I look at the cash sitting in front of me and wish with all my heart that it was enough for me to get her a phone so we could text and I could call and hear her voice. At least I know now why she never text me before, and I know she still likes me. That simple thought alone thrills me so much!

I need to see her again. But how?

Flavius dishes up some strange mixture of food that tastes surprisingly good, though not nearly as delicious as the scrambled egg and toast I had earlier at Megan’s. I give him a thumbs up and we eat and drink together amicably despite not being able to have a conversation due to the language barrier. After dinner Flavius goes for a shower and returns in his pyjama bottoms with a bag of clothing and points to the washing machine. 

I smile and give a thumbs up as I go into the kitchen to show him where the washing powder is. For a big, well built man he seems very embarrassed and sheepish putting the clothes in the machine in front of me and as I bend down to open the drawer to put in the powder I think I see him quickly shoving in wet trousers. As I step in front of the machine to turn the dial to the quick wash setting so his clothes have a chance of drying before he leaves tomorrow morning I glance in the clear door and become more and more convinced that the light chinos he has put in are definitely already wet.

I return to the living room with a glass of cold water and switch on the TV. My mind is spinning every bit as fast as the clothes in the machine as I wonder if Flavius was perhaps caught in heavy rain a few days ago or maybe stuck in his HGV in a traffic jam unable to get to a service station in time to empty his desperate bladder? I recall the time he was last here when I came out my bathroom to him standing very obviously desperate and my mind goes off in so many tangents thinking back to Megan in the launderette and that time at work when I held so long and ended up walking in on Megan on the toilet in the library, and just days ago her watching me pee by the bottle bins behind the council car park in the pouring rain. I can feel my erection growing rapidly so I excuse myself quickly to my room as I continue thinking of earlier this afternoon with Megan and find myself uncontrollably masterbating longing for her with all I have once again.

*172*2021-09-12 14:19

Chapter 67:

Megan

I pick up my bra and knickers which are lying on the floor from earlier as I hear Yasmin waking on the sofa. Not even getting a second to think fully I hastily open the TV cupboard and tuck them out of sight behind the Sky TV box. I slip my top off and hurriedly put it back on the right way round before walking over to Yasmin and talking to her.

“Hi sweetie pie. Will we get you a little drink now you’ve woken up?”

I carry her through to the kitchen to warm her some milk as Theresa sits a mug of coffee on the kitchen table for me as she heads out of the kitchen with two more mugs in her hands.

“Mam in bed? I thought she might fancy a little coffee before the boys get in.”

Minutes later everything is utter chaos! Theresa comes flying back downstairs, her face as white as a ghost as she shouts at me like someone possessed.

“Megan call an ambulance! NOW! It’s mam! When did you last check on her Meg? WHEN? And how on earth did you let her get access to a big bag of meds? MEG? Call an ambulance! NOW!”

I’m standing frozen to the spot, the microwave beeping to say the milk is done, Theresa barking orders, Yasmin crying having just woken up and scared at the shouting, Theresa looks like she’s going to collapse, and dad suddenly walks in the door from work shouting at Theresa to stop shouting!

“I can’t wake mam! You need to come NOW dad! I think she’s taken way too many tablets! Meg, call 999 NOW!”

I have the kitchen phone to my ear with Yasmin in my arms as I try to tell the operator that we need an ambulance whilst getting the baby’s bottle out the microwave. I give mam’s details but I can’t answer a lot of the questions as I am not actually in the room with her but they assure me that an ambulance has been dispatched and is on its way anyway.

Less than ten minutes later the boys walk in just as an ambulance arrives with its blue lights flashing and sirens blaring. I show the paramedics upstairs to where dad and Theresa are with mam and leave them to it as both Anthony and Rory look at me opened mouthed in shock at the top of the stairs. Rory has a hand gripping the top of his legs as I tell them both simply that mam isn’t well and the paramedics are just here to make her better. Rory starts crying as he looks down at his school trousers and I can see he’s accidentally wet himself. I tell both boys to get changed out of their uniforms as I whisper to Rory just to bring his wet things downstairs for me to wash, then to come downstairs please out of the way. Anthony goes straight to the bathroom and Rory to the boys bedroom as I carry Yasmin back downstairs to wait for her brothers.

Within five minutes the boys are back downstairs with me and I make them both a drink of diluting juice while I take Rory’s wet pants and school trousers and put them in the washing machine where my own wet things are still sitting from earlier. While I am in the kitchen still carrying Yasmin Rory comes in quietly apologising for his accident. I hug him and reassure him it’s all ok and he helps me carry the glasses of juice in for him, myself and his older brother. I change Yasmin’s nappy quickly before finally putting her down in her jumperoo as I hear the paramedics going to the ambulance for a stretcher. They return as the boys and myself stand at the living room door watching as the stretcher is rushed upstairs then carried more cautiously downstairs with mam strapped on top of it.

I watch guiltily and emotionally with the boys as dad gets in the back of the ambulance with mam and the paramedics. Theresa grabs her coat and the car keys and races out too looking like she’s on complete autopilot. I close the front door as both the ambulance and family car drive away and put my arm around bath boys.

“Mam will be fine. She’ll be back here making one of her amazing fry ups for breakfast and organising our next big family event before we know it. I promise. It will all be ok.”

If only I could believe my own words.

*174*2021-09-13 08:14

Chapter 68:

Liam

All through my shift on Thursday I wait anxiously for a text from Shaun with my full time shifts for next week. I know Megan can’t phone or text me but as soon as I know my hours I plan to write them down and post another note through her door so she can meet me after work if ever she is free. By the end of the shift as I am standing waiting with Aidan for the van to pick us up I still haven’t had a text. From what I know of Shaun it seems out of character and I mention as much to Aidan. He shrugs, looking stressed himself, and suggests I call into the office when we get back to HQ.

“I need to call in there myself too.”

“Will it still be open do you think?”

“It bloody better be! It’s a fucking disgrace how they expect us to work a full shift with no bloody access to a toilet! Where is the minibus? This is shocking!”

I assume, like myself, he’s in need of a toilet and as he’s pacing and looking anxious I decide not to bother him any further. Soon after the minibus pulls up and thankfully the traffic isn’t too bad. The second the bus pulls into a parking space Aidan rushes off and bolts towards the automatic doors at the main entrance. As I see them open and him running in I decide to brave doing as he suggested as I really need to know my new shift pattern which starts on Monday. Walking past the fountain I see the very bench I sat on with Megan on Monday and wish with all my heart that she was here right now. How I would love to come home from work to her smiling face, her sexy body, her kissable lips. How I know she would enjoy seeing me arriving home bursting for the toilet too.

It’s a younger man on the front desk and when I enquire if I can speak with Shaun Murphy in the cleansing department he dials an extension, has a brief conversation on the phone, then hangs up and tells me politely that Shaun isn’t available. I explain what I want him for and he rings the extension back again and passes on a message that someone from the department will text me tomorrow. I’m off tomorrow so I walk home trying to think what I might do with my final midweek day off before starting full time and wishing I could spend the full day with Megan. I miss her so much!

Back at the flat I head straight for the bathroom, as always, so glad to finally get to use a toilet after having to hold all day. Coming out I see some post I missed in my haste to piss so I open it as I head to the kitchen to decide what to make myself for tea. There’s a flyer for pizza, a letter for the landlord and a letter from aunt Ella with a £10 note in. I call aunt Ella and thank her while I wait for my frozen individual pie to cook in the oven.

Aunt Ella is in great spirits and she tells me how she’s been clearing out now that I have moved out properly and not just to Lauren Bennett’s. We laugh together as she tells me some of the things she’s found in what was my bedroom for many years since I moved in aged 14. I decline the offer of her sending me the odd socks she’s found, some football tournament flyers, my old school tie and my Dr Who box sets. I’m relived she hasn’t mentioned any ‘adult’ magazines or found any condoms, though I suddenly wonder if she’d even know what they were! She mentions visiting me again and this time I actually think she will. She even remembers that I said I had been to church on Sunday and she not so subtly hints at wether I will be going back this Sunday. To be honest I hadn’t given it a seconds thought, but maybe she’s onto something.

If it means potentially seeing Megan Murphy again then I’ll do almost anything, even sitting in a strange smelling church repeating words that I don’t understand and singing old fashioned hymns out of tune.

&&

&&

&&

