Work (Alex and Harper Fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-02-11 18:30

A/N: Completed another commission. This time I was asked to write a story in which Justin casts a spell on Alex and Harper to make them desperate as a prank.

Justin was dreading a long and boring day working in the sandwich shop. His parents would be done for the day, and he had been left in charge, with Alex and Harper working alongside him.

The latter seemed to be taking the work very seriously, and whether it was because she had a strong work ethic or because she wanted to impress him, he wasn't sure. The former, on the other hand, was bored out of her mind already and had no interest in spending her Saturday working. Though he could relate to Alex in that regard, he found her near constant complaining to be beyond annoying. It was hard enough to work without listening to that.

Really, with the two girls there, and a long day of boredom looming on the horizon, he didn't have much of a choice. He had to do something to make things a little bit more entertaining for himself, or else he would go out of his mind.

Having spent so many years of his life learning spells, it was only natural that he would happen upon some less than savory ones that he was sure were well on their way to being banned. But until they were, there was no harm in using one every now and then, right? And today seemed like the perfect day to try one out, considering the bathrooms were closed and they were instructed not to go upstairs under any circumstances if there was a customer.

He waited until they were down to one customer, and first cast a spell that would make them blissfully unaware of what was going on behind the counter. He still wanted to preserve some of his little sister's and her friend's dignity...though not much of it.

Then, making sure the two girls were caught up in conversation and oblivious to what he was doing, he cast the spell on them and waited for it to begin to take effect.

It wasn't long before he noticed Harper blushing and fidgeting a bit. He had predicted this; though they would progress at about the same rate, Alex would be able to keep her outward cool a bit longer than her friend. Still, he knew that she would definitely be feeling something about now.

Harper's squirming became a bit more furious as she looked around nervously. The one customer still sat alone at his table, eating slowly, showing no sign of leaving any time soon. Everything seemed to be going as planned.

He noticed Alex fidget a bit in place and knew that she must be feeling quite a bit now to actually let on. She probably also knew that Harper was experiencing the same thing. For now, though, they both kept quiet about their growing desperation, but he knew that they would no be able to keep it a “secret” from him for very long. The spell worked at a very rapid pace, making them feel incredibly desperate from nothing, and quickly pushing them past their breaking points.

When Alex crossed her legs, she tried to make it look casual, but Harper was quick to follow suit and was much less subtle about it. He wondered which one of them would be the first to go, though it seemed pretty obvious to him that it would be Harper. Alex had always been tough about those sorts of things. After all, she was able to hide it for longer. Harper just seemed the sort to have a weak bladder.

“When do yo think that guy is gonna leave?” she asked Alex quietly.

“I dunno, but you're just gonna have to wait until then,” she replied.

“I'm not sure that I can,” she whispered.

“Well, you're gonna have to. I'm sure you'll be fine, he can't stay for too much longer.”

“But, Alex...”

“I told you, you'll be fine. There's nothing to worry about.” Still, Alex uncrossed and recrossed her legs as she said this.

A bonus to the spell was that it eventually made the victim oblivious to the presence of the caster. He presumed that this feature was added so that the caster could enjoy the situation to its fullest. They had started to forget he was even there and would soon not bother to hide their desperation from him.

It wasn't long before Alex said, “I d really wish this guy would leave, though. I mean, I know where you're coming from.” She jiggled her knees.

“You too?” asked Harper with a sympathetic face.

“Yeah, a little bit,” she lied. It was, of course, far beyond the point of being considered “a little bit”, but she still tried to play it cool.

“I really don't think I'm going to make it much longer, I really can't hold it.”

“Come on, you can totally make it,” Alex said, biting her own lip. “We both just have to hold it a little bit longer.

“I really, really don't think I'm gonna make it,” she whined, wiggling and dancing in place.

Alex clenched her fist, hitting it against her thigh and jiggling her knees again. She rocked back and forth on her heels and Justin noticed a huge shift in her expression. She looked suddenly panicked, as if she had just realized there was no way either of them could make it.

Harper suddenly squeaked and jammed her hands under her dress, bouncing up and down in place. Alex looked horrified, and checked to see if the customer noticed, but, of course, he hadn't.

“Harper, cut it out,” she said, and Justin had to resist the urge to laugh.

“I can't,” she said, her voice a half sob. “I'm really, really going to wet myself!”

“No, you're not! Neither of us are. Come on, just hold it in!” But he knew that Alex herself was near her limit, and her movements became even more frantic. She could no longer try to play it cool.

He could tell that his entertainment was about to reach its peak; Harper looked close to tears and was dancing around like a desperate toddler. Surely, she would lose control soon, and after seeing that, Alex would no longer be able to maintain her own control.

He was counting the seconds until his prediction came true, when suddenly Alex jammed her hands between her legs and began chanting, “nononono” in a panicked voice. To his surprise, he saw a dark patch stark to grow on her jeans, spreading until a stream of piss sprayed out, puddling on the floor. Despite her best efforts, she could do nothing to stop it, until she had wet herself completely. To his surprise, it seemed that she was the one with the weaker bladder.

Harper's face turned sympathetic and she started to say something to comfort her friend, but she was interrupted by a splashing sound caused by her own bladder giving in and emptying. The front of her dress soon had a dark spot on it, and her legs were shining from the wetness. By the time both of their bladders had emptied completely, the customer had got up and left, still completely unaware of all that had happened. They stood still for a bit, humiliated, before they decided that they should probably get cleaned up before someone else came in.

Soon, they would be done cleaning up and the spell would wear off. Then they would suddenly remember Justin's presence. He looked forward to their reactions when that happened.

