Another story by Faust

Author: AuthorFaust

*000*2011-03-15 06:31

Another story Faust salvaged from a site he used to frequent. Faust apologizes for the format, but hopes you enjoy~

The gulping of a bottle of water was heard, as the green haired girl sat the water bottle down, quietly.

"Th...There.." Wynn called, as she moved a bit, closing her legs as she stood. She had been drinking quite a bit, as she moved around the house, wearing a pair of green striped panties, and a white shirt.

As she moved to the couch, her legs clenched together, she sighed a bit.

"I'm....I can't believe I'm able to do this today." she cooed to herself, lowering a hand lightly. Since her family was going to be out for most of today, and she was going to have the house to herself. As such, she had the time to have a little.....fun.

As such, she figured she'd test herself, to see if she could hold for a while, and so she could enjoy a wetting again, this time in a controlled enviorment. She fidgeted a bit in place, as she lightly scissored her legs. Thankfully, since she wasn't wearing a skirt at the moment, the pressure on her bladder wasn't as much as it could have been.

As she started to go turn on her game system, she heard a sound she wasn't expecting, a ringing.

"The doorbell?" she called, confused as she moved over, to look through the peephole.

"YO!!!!" A familiar voice called, causing a slight shudder from Wynn.

"F....Faust?" Wynn's voice squeaked, as she flushed deeply, turning looking around her house for something. She couldn't let Faust see her like this!!!

She scampered about her house, darting from room to room as she moved to her room, flinging her clothes about as she pulled up a black skirt, her desperation momentarily ceasing to keep her attention as she sighed a bit, before starting out of her room, to go meet Faust.

However, as she stepped out, another familiar pink haired figure stood, smiling.

"Hello Wynn~Chan~" Yuno's cheery voice called, as Faust stood behind the girl, scratching his head nervously, a sweatdrop forming.

"She....got in." he called, quietly. "Sorry..."

Yuno beamed, as she looked at the other girl, smiling a bit too much.

"Faust wanted to come visit Wynn-chan today, so Yuno figured she'd come along too." Yuno called, happy.

Wynn paused, flushing a bit as Yuno spoke.

"He...did?" Wynn replied, a little surprised. So, Faust wanted to see her? She knew that Yuno was a bit unhinged, and always seemed to cling onto Faust a little more than most people seemed comfortable with. Faust seemed to be fine with it though, which is part of the reason Wynn liked him so much.

"Yea, I did." Faust called. "Though, if we're interrupting something..." he called, "we can leave."

Yuno smirked, as she gave what Wynn was sure a confident, condesending glance. Wynn quickly raised his hands, as she waved.

"No no, it's okay." She called. "I was just thinking about how I was hoping someone would come by today, and you just kinda popped up."

Faust paused, before smirking.

"That's good then." he remarked. "Guess great minds think alike, huh?"

Wynn smiled, giving a similar glance back to Yuno as she was cheered. So, he had come specifically to see her? She could practically cheer with Joy. Well, she could, if she wasn't suddenly reminded of a very pressing urge.

Her bladder panged, as she suddenly flinched, her hand lowering a bit as Faust and Yuno paused.

"You okay Wynn?" Faust called quietly, as she stood up, clenching tightly.

"Yeah, Yeah." she called. "Just caught a little off guard by the sudden visit, that's all."

She silently cursed her urges, as Faust seemed to be fine with her excuse.

Yuno's eyes however, flickered with the lightest movement, catching Wynn's gesture. Unlike Faust, Yuno knew exactly what Wynn's movement was about, as her smile remained on her lips eerily.

So...Wynn had that going on, huh?

Yuno didn't show it, but she was almost excited at Wynn's predicament, knowing how she was going to have it end at least.

"Yuno probably shouldn't have picked the lock into your house, should she?" Yuno called, nervously. She had broken into the house merely to speed along the process, but she herself was having too much fun with this.

"Probably..not.." Wynn called, making a mental note on Yuno's attitude. She could pick locks?

However, she felt some liquid sloshing about in her, regretting that last bit of water she'd drank before they had come in there.

She'd have to excuse herself soon, though she was slightly dissapointed that she didn't get to quite have the same kind of fun as she wanted.

"Wow, you've got a lot of games here." Faust called, moving over to her television. "Soul Calibur, Mario Party, Dokapon Kingdom..."

"Oh yeah." Wynn called, as she moved over. "I tend to invite others over sometimes, so I need a lot of party games."

Faust smiled, as he gestured at one.

"Think we could play one?" he replied. "It's been a while since i've been able to play a good game."

Wynn nodded, as she moved over, starting up a system.

"Okay, it's all set." she called, her legs twitching a bit as she decided that now was the time. "Now, if you'll....."

"Could Wynn-chan direct Yuno to the bathroom?" Yuno called, fidgeting in place a bit. "Yuno has been holding it a bit too long~~~"

The pink haired girl squeezed her legs together, as she scrunched her face a bit in effort, flushing deeply.

Wynn paused, hearing the girl's request before nodding lightly. "Sure..." she called. "It's right over this way.."

This would be perfect, she'd have some alone time with Faust, while Yuno would be in the bathroom.

The pink haired girl kept going along with her act, as Wynn lead her to the bathroom, the pink haired Yandere twitching and fidgeting as she went into the bathroom, slamming the door hard.

"Jee, she musta really had to go." Wynn called, as she was reminded of her own urge, clenching as she went back downstairs.

This was probably going to be her only chance to talk with Faust alone, and possibly the best time for her to finally confess her love to Faust.

"Sounded urgent." Faust called over his shoulder as Wynn came down the stairs, smirking.

"Yeah, how long has it been since she went?" Wynn asked, quickly.

"Actually, not too long." Faust called, lightly. "She's just kinda.....special."

Wynn paused, as she pieced together what he meant. So, Yuno had a weak bladder?

Wynn felt for her, though if Wynn had one of those, she wouldn't have been in this mess.

Though, she'd probably be in the bathroom, like how Yuno was.

This way, she got to spend a bit of time with Faust.

"So, this character creator's really detailed." Faust called to Wynn, the girl pausing. "I've never seen one with this much attention to it."

Wynn paused, as she watched the boy picking out outfits and such for a character, a slender looking male.

"Yeah.." she called. "It took forever to get all that equipment."

Many, many sleepless nights. She had worked fairly hard on it. It was a sort of badge of honor to have done it so effectively.

The girl's confidence faded again though, as she felt her bladder cringe again, causing the girl to scissor her legs again as she sat. Just how long was Yuno going to be in the bathroom anyways?

"Now, what kind of backround...?" Faust asked himself, as he started cycling through them. "Fire and brimstone....out in the forest...Ah, out on the water!" he called, as the waves crashed a bit, a boat in the middle of the ocean.

Wynn twitched a bit, lowering a hand as the water appeared on the screen. Not exactly something she was wanting to see right now.

"Okay Wynn, feeling up to a match?" Faust called to the girl, in a challenging tone. Wynn flinched, but smirked as she picked up a controller.

"Sure.." she called, having to raise her hands to hold the controller, her bladder flexing a bit. She could handle one match, for sure. Then she'd go upstairs and see if Yuno was done yet.

As the match started, luck of the draw just happened to have it on the boat again, causing Wynn to cringe at the screen. Really? What were the odds of that happening?

She crossed her legs a little tighter, as the match started. Faust's character seemed to use heavy weapons, so Wynn's Acrobatic character would be fairly helpful.

She wasn't quite as quick as she usually was, thanks to that little urge dividing her attention, though Faust managed to catch her with a few big hits.

However, as she flipped to the side in the game, avoiding a vertical slash, she heard a familiar voice.

"Yuno just saw that girl's panties!!" Yuno's voice called out, as if the person on the screen was real. "What a weird game."

That comment came at two small prices for the green haired girl. For one, since Yuno snuck up on her, her urges managed to overtake her a bit, causing a warm spurt to escape as she jumped in her seat.

Secondly, Faust hadn't been as reactive as her, causing him to get her with a powerful horizontal slash while she was distracted with her spurt.

"Ahh, Yuno-chan, don't sneak up on us like that." Wynn called, lightly as she tried to judge how much escaped by the warmth in her panties, hoping it wasn't noticeable.

"Yuno does that." Faust called, his focus having not been distracted. "Nice to see I managed to win my first match though."

Yuno smiled nervously, looking at the girl.

"Sorry~~" Yuno called, having apparently not anticipated how she'd scared the girl. Judging by the green haired girl's expression though, she hadn't managed to keep fully dry from that.

Good....That's what Yuno had been hoping for.

Wynn didn't seem like the type that would be open about having to go, so Yuno figured with just the right provocation, Wynn would..have an unfortunate accident, and be too embarassed to be around her love. As such, Yuno was still smiling, happily. She could keep her Love yet...

Wynn cringed a bit, managing to stem the flow before it could persist, though she was positive she could hold it long enough.

"It..It's okay." Wynn called, as the second round started. Wynn's moves were dulled a lot more, her bladder really aching, and preventing her from playing effectively. It wasn't long before Faust managed to pull out a win again, causing him to win the match.

"Whoo!!!" Faust called, cheering happily. "I managed to win!"

Wynn smirked, surprised Faust was so enthusiastic about winning, before she felt her bladder pulsing fiercely. It was now or never.

"Okay, I kinda need to go the bathroom now." Wynn called, starting up the stairs as she shoved her hands into her skirt, holding back her flood as Yuno turned, a look of concern.

"Ahh, Wynn-chan, Yuno wants to te.." she started, before the girl was already out of earshot, heading up the stairs, and starting into the bathroom.

"I can't believe I held it so long..." Wynn called quietly to herself. "It hurts a bit, but I bet it'll feel really good coming out.."

The green haired girl opened the door, and stepped over to the toilet, lifting her skirt as she felt her urges starting to overcome her.

She sat down on the seat, and released, feeling a warmth spreading through her panties, as she kept her skirt high, keeping it dry as she sighed in relief. It felt soooo good to finally get some release from the almost painful urge in her bladder.

She almost forgot about the two downstairs, having been lost in her own, warm bliss, before she finally finished, empyting out her bladder.

"Much..better..." she called, as she raised her legs, slipping off her panties as she quietly placed them in the trashcan to keep anyone from getting to them, while she got up, flushing and starting to wash herself a bit to keep the smell out. She patted out her skirt, and started downstairs slowly.

"Aww, Yuno loses again!!" Yuno called, as she apparently lost. "Guess that means...Ah, Wynn-chan!!"

Wynn paused, as she waved lightly, noticing as the two had been playing.

"Hey Wynn. feeling better?" Faust called, as Yuno turned, gesturing.

"Yuno was worried, Wynn took so long." Yuno called, lightly. "Did Wynn-chan make it?"

Wynn paused, but nodded lightly.

"Yeah....I did. Though.."

Suddenly, Yuno's ears perked up a bit as she looked.

"Yuno is hearing something.." she called, as she looked up.

Faust paused, before turning.

"Yeah, me too.." he called, as Wynn suddenly paused, before starting upstairs, and heading into the bathoom.

"Nonononononono!!" she called, as she noticed the water flowing out over the toilet, some of it clear, while some of it was still yellow. It had been clogged? But..but..

"Is everything alright?" Faust called, as he started up, Wynn turning.

"No, please don't come up here!!" Wynn cried, loudly. "Please leave! There's a bit of a problem!!" Faust paused, as Yuno grabbed onto the boy's arm.

"Okay, Yuno and Faust will see you later Wynn chan!!" the pink haired girl cried, dragging Faust away as Wynn started pumping with the plunger, trying to desperately unclog her toilet.

After a firm workout with the plunger, the water finally started to calm, as Wynn found the object that caused it. "Wh..what?" she called, noticing what looked like a strange bit of black cloth, before she hesitantly pulled it out, noticing it to be a silky pair of lingere.

Something that made Wynn flush rather deeply as she looked at it. "Wh...what? This...this isn't mine..."

A small bit away, the pink haired Yandere held onto Faust's back, smiling firmly.

"Yuno's going to let go now, okay~?" she cooed, her legs wrapped around the boy's back, as he walked, before feeling a warmth on his back.

"But..didn't you already go?" he called, as Yuno shook her head.

"Nope." she called simply as Faust noticed something, causing the boy to flush lightly.

"I...uhh...didn't know you were going commando today."

"Yuno wasn't~" she cooed. "Does Faust like it?"

Fin~

