Yellow Ocean

Author: GᒪITTEᖇGᒪᗩᗰOᑌᖇ

*000*2015-07-27 20:07

Amara walked down the office halls holding her refilled cup of coffee. Amara was wearing white top with grey pants. She went into her office and started browsing through the web until she got a call from the front desk. "You have a client," a male worker said. Amara sighed, "Send them in," she hung up and minimized the tabs she was looking at. There was a knock on the door. "Come in," Amara called out. "Hello, how are you? You may have a seat," a couple walked in.

"Hello," the lady spoke. "I am here in regards of my credit. For the past weeks, someone has been using my card number and purchasing items I certainly didn't buy." It seemed forever to Amara but finally the problem has been solved and it was the end of her shift. Again she went to refill her coffee for the road. "Bye Joe, see you tomorrow," she waved and went into her car. Amara drank her coffee as she drove. Passing by a nearby store, she realized she did need a few things so she stopped.

Amara knew the store had a coffee machine, and as for her, she is a sucker for coffee. She refilled it and got the things she needed. Amara threw her cup away on her way to the cash register. "That'll be $8.29" the cashier told her. She fumbled through her wallet trying to find an even $20, however she didn't. Amara panicked. Realizing, she had their card giving her a discount. "Thank you," Amara handed the card to the woman. "With you discount it will give you $6.29," she handed back the card. She got out a five and a few more coins.

Amara got the bags and put it on the passenger seat and continued her journey. At the light, she got a text for her job friend Mandy saying if she could please get her the groceries listed and she will pick them up and pay her back. Amara wasn't big on saying no, so she did. She turned back to the store and got milk, wine, whole wheat bread, and butter. Again went to the cash register and paid.

She got back in her car and started to get a tickle in her bladder alerting her she would need a bathroom soon. After the two stops, she didn't want to go stop at a gas station. Plus she had been working for 10 hours. All she wanted to do was snuggle in bed and sleep. Home wasn't until another 6 miles. Amara stayed positive, but in the meantime she struggled not being able to cross her legs slightly because she needed the pedal.

Amara slightly bent forward and started to drive with one hand. Other right hands was driving and her left held her crotch. Suddenly, her car slowed down and sank. Amara got out to see a nail was stuck to her front tire. Alone, she got her car to the side of the rode and rummaged through her purse looking for a card for the car dealership. As she look she bent down and crossed her legs. A few time held her crotch to make sure none of that coffee she drank escaped from her bladder. She finally found it.

"Hello?" A man answered on the phone.

"Hi, I um, I am on rode 66 and my car has a flat tire. Can you tow it?"

"You're nearby! Of course, we'll be right there!"

Amara hung up. She shifted from foot to foot. With the door open, she sat on the front seat with her legs double crossed. About ten minutes later of struggling, she saw a tow truck heading her way. "Is that your vehicle?" A man pointed to the truck.

"Yes."

"We will tow it. Hop on."

Amara got on the passenger seat and waited for them to finish attaching her car. At least here she could cross her legs as much as she wanted. Amara was impressed how long she maintained control. They arrived in about seven minutes. They were right, they were nearby. "We will take it from here, you can have a seat in that waiting room," the man pointed to a room with the door open were another man sat the desk with two people fooling around with their mobile phones. Amara staggered her way and asked the guy on the desk, "sorry to bother you, sir. But do you have a bathroom?"

"Sorry to you, doll but the closest bathroom is a block away.

Amara nodded and sat down crossing her legs. "What kind of place doesn't have a bathroom?" She thought. The men finished in a minute, besides, it was only pumping air. Before she knew it she was back on the rode- still at the edge of desperation. Home was still 5 1/2 miles from there. Amara drove cautiously. A small spurt came out of her, Amara held her crotch. It tingled, she had no choice but to cross her legs.

She was so hooked up on her first spurt that she didn't notice she already passed 5 miles. She only had half a mile to carve and she would be home. Her thighs were trembling. She was starting to feel like loosing control, but urged herself not to. Just with one little spurt she already felt the wetness on her seat. Amara's thighs Jiggled up and down. Soon she spurted again. Amara bit her lip, she was already in her neighborhood, she could make it.

She parked her car and rushed to the door. Amara turned the door knob, it was locked. She fumbled with it and started to leak. Amara looked inside her purse swiftly looking for her keys. When she found it she tried to open it but it wouldn't budge. She started to bounce and cross her legs. "Come on you stupid thing," she muttered. Finally the door opened. She remembered the groceries so she left the door open and quickly unlocked her car. As she was walking back she leaked again. Amara walked even faster and placed them on the kitchen table.

Amara leaked again and started to leave a trail behind her. She held her crotch and went up the stairs slowly. On the third step she bent down holding her crotch tightly letting out another spurt. Though her pants were practically soaked, she was still outrageously full. Amara tried going a little faster but she couldn't. She was in too much pain. Every step she spurt. Amara reached the last step and rushed to the toilets. She forgot that her brother Victor was staying with her as he was visiting. She knocked on the door and held her crotch.

"Victor, I need to go!"

"I am in the shower, wait five minutes!"

"Victor!" She banged the door as a leak escaped her. Her fingers got damp. She went up the other stairs to the other bathroom. She kept spurting every step. On the second step she let out a few leaks and was starting to decrease her pain. Amara kept walking up the stairs and held her crotch with her wet fingers. Finally about to open the door, her pee escaped her rapidly. "No," Amara moaned. Softly she cried and looked at her damp pants. Victor came out a saw the wet trail. "Amara?" He called. He went up he stairs and saw her pants damp and her crying. "Victor!" She hid herself behind the stair handle. "It's okay, accidents happen," Victor soothed her. Amara smiled and hugged him.

###

Thanks for reading! I hope you liked it, I enjoyed writing it.

*003*2015-07-28 18:15

{{: 

Awesome story, keep it up! :)

}}

Thanks so much

{{: 

Thank you share it with us.

}}

I am pleased u liked it

