Daniel and Amy - Page 33

Author: Barry

*802*2017-07-10 02:28

Sorry for the delay guys and girls. Once again my next chapter mysteriously disappeared about three quarters of the way through. I'll have to start again. It's not a super long one though, and is a fun one with the girls, so it shouldn't take too long to redo it.

*803*2017-07-10 13:59

Try again.

Chapter 28:

Nikki started rummaging around in her bag, which was on the floor. She did this in the peculiar way that girls do, by not bending her knees much, choosing instead to bend deeply at the waist, giving Amy an up close and personal view of her lycra covered butt while she searched. After a few nervous moments, she triumphantly held a battered cigarette packet aloft with a gleeful "Tah-Dah!" She started towards the door, but paused when Amy stopped her.

"Um, hang on a sec Nik. You, um, said you were wearing your pee-panties?"

Nikki grinned, nodding her head in the affirmative, and unconsciously touching herself between the legs at the mention of it. "Yep! Sure am! Why?"

"Oh, no reason I s'pose. I, ah, was just kinda wondering if you'd, um, like maybe show me what they look like? You know, before you get them all wet? You said you'd like peed in them a million times or something?"

"37 and counting," Nikki replied with more than a touch of pride. "Sure I'll show you Ames! All you hadta do was ask!"

Without waiting for a response, and showing none of her regular shyness, Nikki dropped the cigarettes on Amy's bed, and pulled her bike shorts down past her knobby knees without a moments hesitation. She stepped out of them, and hooked her toes into the backs of her socks at the same time, pulling them from her feet one at a time.

"Probably should take my socks off I guess. Don't need to get them wet as well," she explained.

Nikki lifted the front of her baggy hoodie up high with her left hand, fully exposing not only her panties, but her belly button as well. Amy's eyes were immediately drawn to the sight of her friends underwear, and she realised that she had in fact seen these ones before.

They were the white ones with the bright red stripes going around them, and red elastic around the waist and legs. They appeared to be made of a thick cotton, and had a thicker than normal gusset as well. But what really made them stand out, was the heavy stains and discolouration that covered them. They were visibly stained a pale yellow colour almost to the waistband in both the front and back, and the stains got darker and yellower the closer you got to the crotch. In between her skinny legs, the fabric was now almost a light brown colour, which showed up glaringly, especially on the white stripes. Nikki did a graceful pirouette, all whilst holding her top out of the way, giving Amy a perfect view of how her bottom was covered in what was obviously a dried pee circle.

Amy giggled at the sight. "My God Nik! They look disgusting! I can't believe they don't stink!"

"Toldya that I rinse 'em out in the shower," she replied. "I have too, or else they get really smelly and crusty. But I don't use any soap or nothing, just hot water. It keeps most of the stains, but gets rid of the stink. Well, most of it at least. They still get a bit crustified and stiff though. Here. Feel 'em!"

She thrust her hips towards Amy, still holding her hoodie up. Without thinking about it, Amy found herself reaching out, and rubbing the back of her forefinger against Nikkis crotch, only pulling it back when she suddenly realised exactly where she was touching her friend. She blushed a bit, but Nikki seemed oblivious to her touch, as if it were completely normal to have her friends touching her between the legs.

"Whaddya think? Pretty gross, huh?"

"God! They are stiff," Amy said, mesmerised by the sight and feel of them. "Aren't they uncomfortable, or itchy? And how did you manage to pee in them so many times? Aren't these the same ones your mum washed for you after you wet the bed a week ago? It's a wonder she never said anything to you about them!"

"They're not uncomfortable at all," Nikki explained. "I actually kinda like the rough feeling down there. It sorta like reminds me that I've got my naughty knickers on. And peeing in them so much is easy. I just do it a few times every day. I take them into the shower every morning, and wet myself before I turn it on, then I put 'em on after school, and pee through them when I'm sitting on the toilet, you know, like if I haven't already wet myself walking home.

Sometimes, I'll just put them on during the evening before bed and use them. I don't think they've actually been like totally dry for awhile before today. I'm glad I rinsed them out yesterday and hung them up in my closet, 'cause they were dry enough to put on tonight. I know whatcha mean about mum seeing them too. That was freaking me out more than having her know I pissed the bed! I think because they were still inside my pyjama pants, she didn't really see them properly. I mean, if you picked your daughters pissy pants up off the floor, I suppose you're not really gonna be like examining them closely or anything, are you? I made sure I took that load out of the machine though."

"I suppose you're probably right," Amy agreed, as Nikki started putting her shorts back on. "I guess I'm just not used to wearing undies anymore. I know mummy still checks my diapers sometimes, if I don't like bag them up properly, but I think she's always more worried that I've pooed myself or something."

Nikki collected the cigarettes, and they both picked up their phones, and started walking down the hallway, Nikkis bare feet making no sound at all, and Amy's thongs making a slight slapping sound on the tiles. She touched herself nervously a couple of times before they got outside, the simple act of walking around undiapered feeling almost completely alien to her. She always felt nervous being inside without her protection, but was able to relax a bit as soon as she got outside. Currently, she didn't really need to pee, although she knew that she could if she tried, but needing to go and accidentally going were two completely separate concepts for Amy. She certainly didn't have to be feeling it to have pee suddenly running down her legs.

Nikki, on the other hand, did need to pee. She had wet herself after school in the park at around 3:30, and it was now almost 8:00 o'clock, and she had been making sure to drink as much as possible to build herself back up again. Now, with the cool night air caressing her legs, and the even colder concrete underneath her bare feet, combined with a sudden increase in her excitement levels, along with the associated nervousness, her particular need for relief was quickly skyrocketing. Amy suppressed a grin when she held the pool gate open for her friend, and saw her rubbing at her crotch in a distracted way.

"Need the potty Little Nikki? Don't you go tinkle in your pants!"

"I'ma try not too," Nikki said in an exaggerated, little-girl voice. "If I go pee pee in my pants again, I'ma gonna haveta wear a didee!"

That word always cracked Amy up, and this was no exception. She snorted loudly, then almost choked, causing herself to pause briefly, clamping her knees together, and trapping her right hand against her pee hole, feeling her bladder muscles loosen as she laughed.

"Freaking didee," she gasped,through a sudden fit of giggling, and she felt a sudden, albeit slight warmth on her hand. She struggled to pull herself together for a moment, glaring at Nikki with mock anger. "Well done Nik! You just made me pee a bit."

Of course Nikki thought that was completely hilarious, and erupted in squeals of laughter, making Amy hunch over with laughter herself, and stage-whisper to her friend to shut up, less the neighbors hear, but not before she felt a little bit more pee escape. Both girls remained stationary for a few seconds, with their hands jammed tightly into their shorts, feeling their bodies demanding relief, but unable to stop giggling at the same time. Eventually, Amy was able to roughly shove the other girl through the open gate, and point to a spot behind the above ground pool, towards the pump shed. Nikki stumbled as she walked in the unfamiliar dark, tripping over the hose, and creating more laughter from the pair of them.

Amy was able to close the gate, grab Nikki by the shoulder, and manoeuvre her in the dark in the direction she wanted her to go, getting to where there was a dark, secluded little spot, the same spot where her and Dan had shared their first, proper kiss like a lifetime ago. She always had warm, happy memories of that spot, but now, the only warm spot she was aware of, was the one in her little blue running shorts. There was a magnetic torch stuck on the side of the metal pump shed, and Amy fumbled it on, pointing the beam down onto the concrete, making sure that there were no creepy-crawlies running around where she wanted to sit.

"SHHHH!" She admonished Nikki, exaggeratedly, eliciting even more snorts of laughter from both of them, until they both finally managed to sit down on the cold cement, Nikki leaning her back against the pool, and Amy against the shed, which groaned loudly, creating even more mirth for the teenagers.

"Why are we whispering?" Nikki asked between chortles, but quietly.

Amy stopped mid giggle, suddenly looking confused. "I really don't know," she replied in a calm, regular voice, catching Nikkis eyes with her own in the ambient light from the torch, causing her to suddenly stop laughing as well, but only until the absurdity of the situation caught up with them, and they exploded into uncontrollable mirth.

That wasn't all that exploded. Amy felt a strong jet of pee shoot out of her, instantly warming her inner thighs, and at first, she squeezed her legs tightly together, but all that accomplished was forcing a small river of pee along the little valley where her thighs were clamped tight, forcing her to abandon that plan, and fling her legs open in a big V formation instead.

Amy directed the flashlights beam onto her crotch.

"I'm peeing my pants! I'm peeing my pants! I'm peeing my pants!" Her voice again lowered, and almost hissing the words out, but still laughing.

Both girls had tears in their eyes as they watched a big, round, dark blue rose suddenly blossom on the light blue crotch of her little running shorts. The rose soon sent out roots, which magically spread outwards from beneath Amy's bottom, and within seconds their was a miniature lake directly in front of her crotch, where there was a slight hollow in the concrete, allowing a tiny body of water to form, before snaking outwards following the low spots on the cement. The sight of it sent Amy off into even heavier bouts of giggling, and she gave up all around. She couldn't stop laughing, or peeing, so she just gave in and let it happen, her girlhood and bottom getting coated in liquid warmth, thoroughly soaking her shorts and the pink, teddy bear panties beneath them, while her and Nikki laughed and watched it happen.

Amy noticed that Nikki, sitting opposite her, had her hand in her own lap, which was visible because she too had her legs spread, her feet virtually parallel with her best friends, and she was actually squeezing herself, and tightly. She was pushing down with her thumb, pinching the skin on her privates firmly with her forefinger and index, but making no attempt to close her legs at all. Her black lycra bicycling shorts were pulled so taught, Amy could see the outline of her friends vagina and butt cheeks. After about twenty seconds, her pee stream, and her laughter, both seemed to taper off at the same time. By then, she was sitting in a puddle, but she didn't care.

"Ah do declare, ah think ah peed ma pants," she declared solemnly, but matter-of-factly, speaking with a bad, Southern accent, which caused the laughter to briefly re-ignite again, although this time she didn't have any more pee to lose.

Nikkis slightly dirty, little bare toes were curling, their painted pink nails flashing at Amy, and she re-doubled her tight grip on her pee hole, even grunting a bit and leaning forward, but at no stage did she try to close her legs at all. She eventually released the death grip on her pee hole, and heaved a deep sigh, but she left her hand positioned loosely in her lap.

Amy looked at Nikki enquiringly. "What about you? Still dry?"

"Only for the moment Ames," Nikki replied. "I can feel it right there, waiting to come out. I almost wet myself when I was laughing, I don't know how I didn't really, but I didn't. But I'm gonna lose it like real soon. I just want it to be an accident, that's all."

"Fair enough," Amy said with a smile. "Come on! Let's have a smoke before mummy comes back." Neither her, or Nikki, registered the way that she had regressed into baby talk when mentioning her mother, as soon as she'd wet herself.

"Shit!" Nikki said with a laugh. "Believe it or not, I actually forgot about why we came here. I kinda got distracted by, well, you know...." she gestured vaguely at the puddle that Amy was sitting in.

Amy just smiled, as she was distracted herself as she used her left hand to probe and pull at her shorts, both front and back, trying to assess the damage, although she already knew that she was saturated.

She didn't care though. It had been fun! A little bit of good-old pants wetting playtime was just what the doctor ordered to help her get over Danny's absence. She wished that he was there to share it with.

Nikki suddenly squeaked. She had been in the process of lighting a cigarette, when she had lost control and started wetting herself. Quick as a flash, Amy shone the torch on Nikkis crotch, and was rewarded as the light reflected off what looked like a little fountain shooting almost straight up through Nikkis tight pants. The stretchy black fabric didn't highlight a wet spot as easily as Amy's sky blue shorts did, but a shiny wet patch was spreading rapidly across the girls crotch, and then the cement.

Nikki didn't speak. She held out the lit smoke almost absently for Amy to take, then proceeded to light another one as she wordlessly watched herself wetting. Only when she had completely finished, even squeezing a tiny fart out, as she lifted her buttocks slightly to push the last remaining drops into her dripping pants, did she look directly at Amy again, with a firmness that wasn't usually present in her gaze. She suddenly looked about four years older, and somehow more confident, Amy thought at the time.

Amy took a distracted drag on her cigarette, completely relishing the myriad of naughty feelings she was currently feeling, from wetting her pants instead of a diaper, then seeing her BFF doing it, to smoking again, and even feeling maybe just a touch aroused.

Yep, she really really did wish that Danny could be there with her right now, just to share the fun. but unfortunately, he wasn't.

But, at least she had Nikki.....

*811*2017-07-29 14:34

Thanks everyone for the kind words. Sorry about the delay, but I've been a bit off lately. The next chapter is in the pipeline, as is "Toris" as well, I've just got to get my head straight enough to write them.

Will update soon.

*813*2017-08-01 11:15

It appears that the sites not reliably automatically saving now, so I have to "publish" what I write straight away, and not log out, then come back to it later. I've lost stuff three times this week by not finishing it.

So, in an effort to get this, and other stories moving again, I'm going to post some shorter chapters that normally wouldn't end so early. Like producing the same chapter over multiple posts.

Think of them as paragraph breaks......

*814*2017-08-01 12:44

Chapter 29:

The uncomfortable silence wasn't huge, but it was there, if only briefly. Perhaps five seconds or so of nervous quiet.

Nikki deliberately ended it by suddenly exhaling loudly and dramatically, "Boy! I guess this is kinda weird, isn't it?" Amy noticed how that strange boldness appeared to have departed from Nikkis features, and she sounded a bit nervous and unsure, much like she usually did around Amy.

"S'pose so," Amy reluctantly agreed, "but it IS fun though, isn't it? I mean, it's nice to just deliberately do something naughty just because you can sometimes, don't ya reckon?"

"For sure," Nikki said, nodding her head. Amy noticed how her friend was mirroring her, and continuing to sit with her legs spread wide, their bare feet almost touching, as they sat opposite each other, smoking, and watching their twin pee puddles slowly stretching out towards each other, obviously following the natural drainage run off of the concrete on which they sat. "I'm not saying it's not fun Ames, it's just a bit weird I guess. I just didn't think I'd ever meet anyone, boy or girl, who would understand how much fun wetting your pants could be! Now I've met you, and Dan of course, it just makes me feel a little bit, I dunno, less weird maybe? Like I'm not the complete fuckhead that I always thought I was? You know?"

"I know what you mean, Nik," Amy replied quickly, wanting to reassure her friend that yes, she truly did understand what the other girl was saying. "But you're still a fuckhead," she added, making Nikki squeal with mock indignation, and attempt a kick of Amy's foot with her own, which easily missed.

"I reckon I could go again," Nikki said, contemplating the idea. "You know what it's like! You're sitting down like this, you pee your pants, but when you stand up, there's always a bit left? Like your bladder doesn't completely empty when you're sitting down on the ground? Well mine doesn't at least! If I stood up now, I betcha I could pee a bit more! I'd haveta force it a bit, but I bet I could! What about you Ames? Could you pee more if you stood up? Maybe spread your legs or squatted down or something?"

Amy was grinning. This was just "So Nikki." Switching from quiet and shy, to having no limits at all, especially if the topic of conversation was even remotely pee-related. The more Nikki talked about peeing, the quicker she spoke, and the more excited she got, and her enthusiasm was infectious.

"I've got no doubt at all that I could go again Nik. One thing I've learned after wetting myself like a couple'a hundred times in class, is I'll always leak a bit more after I stand up, regardless if it's a pre-emptive strike or a real accident. It's like I just don't ever completely empty if I'm sitting down on something solid. I dunno why it's any different from sitting on the loo!"

Nikki smiled mischievously, a familiar glint in her eye. "Soooo....., we'll probably need to pee again when we stand up....."

Amy couldn't help but laugh. "Yes Nik. I'll tell you what. Let's share another smoke, then we'll get up, pee our pants again, then have heaps of time to clean up before mum gets home, deal?"

Nikki didn't need to be asked twice. She quickly lit another cigarette, took a drag, then passed it to Amy, who sucked on it gratefully, pointing out something to Nikki as she exhaled, before passing it back. "Geez. Your pants really do get cold really quick when they're wet, don't they? They're nothing like wearing a nice warm diaper! You can wet in them and not freeze your arse off at least. If anything they'll keep your arse warm!" Amy exaggerated a shiver to prove her point, accepting the offered cigarette when Nikki had passed it back.

"Meh. I'm not too bad," Nikki said with a shrug. "Being in wet pants don't usually bother me, s'long as I can get away with it I mean. I'd be wet all day if I could! But yeah, it will be nicer when we warm 'em up again!"

Another couple of passes, and the cigarette was finished. Amy put the butts in a can kept beside the pump shed that her mother used as an ashtray when she used the pool, then she stood up and faced her seated friend, passing the flashlight to her.

"I'm gonna go first," Amy declared. "I'm cold, and I think I can actually go again without having to try too hard. Sitting in these cold wet pants is making me need to pee again already."

Amy stood in front of Nikki, who held the flashlight beam on her, but only on her midsection, making an effort not to shine it directly into her face.

"I'm gonna squat down," she announced quietly, and she did, spreading her feet wide, and stepping away from her previous puddle. She put her hands into the front pouch-pocket of her hoodie, and lifted it up high, well clear of her already wet shorts, even high enough for the flashlights beam to occasionally catch a glimpse of the exposed scar that still showed faintly as a ragged line across her flat abdomen.

But neither girl was looking at her tummy. Their attention, as well as the beam of light, was fully focused on the already darkly stained blue material that clung tightly to Amys crotch. Her pink panties, with the dancing brown teddy bears, had moulded themselves across her mound like a second skin, and that skin was getting kinda cold. As they watched, a fresh darkness spread across the wet stain that already existed, and a second later twin streams started flowing freely from each pant leg, splattering together loudly on the cement beneath her, quickly and efficiently forming a brand new puddle, and creating enough spray that she could feel little splashes on her feet and ankles, which were soon coated by a heavier flood that ran down her left leg, puddling under her foot.

Nikki was pressing her hand into her own wet crotch as she watched in wonder as Amy finished wetting herself. My God! It was simply the hottest thing that Nikki had ever seen or experienced, and she shuddered as her body trembled, and a fresh, slimy wetness could be detected beneath her probing fingers. By the time Amy's stream was reduced to a few errant drips, Nikki was almost pinching herself through her wet lycra bike shorts. She was a bit confused about how her body was reacting in this way, but not so confused that she didn't understand exactly what was causing it, and she knew she liked how it felt as well.

Still holding herself, trying to give the impression that she was holding onto herself like that because she had too, not because she wanted too, she hopped lithely to her feet, and, still holding her vagina, she faced Amy, who was in the process of standing up gingerly, letting the last of her pee run harmlessly down her legs, the amount briefly increasing as her thighs came together, pressing the sodden cotton of her shorts and squeezing more pee out, which she ignored as her attention turned to her friend.

Amy reached out, taking the offered flashlight, and she turned the beam onto Nikkis crotch, which was almost covered by her hand, at least two fingers pressed firmly into the wet fabric that covered her dignity.

Nikki herself was staring at her fingers, and as the girls both looked on, a jet of pee shot straight out between her middle and index fingers, and they tightened on the lycra, which was getting instantly wetter underneath her grasping palm. Her hand soon filled with hot liquid, and it flowed from her hand, splashing loudly onto the ground, joining the rivulets that ran from her ankles.

To be continued....,

*820*2017-08-04 14:42

I was going to continue from there with the same chapter, but upon re-reading it, there's no reason why the chapter can't just end there, then continue on afresh, so here goes. But the same rules apply. I reserve the God given right to just stop whenever I feel like it!

(I experimented. It's still not auto-saving when I log out. :(

Now I realise that I can't close the brackets without making a surprise face emoji.......

Chapter 30:

"Finished?" Amy asked, after waiting nervously for a solid 20 silent seconds after Nikki had finished peeing, but had remained stationary, looking at her crotch which still had a hand dripping with the aforementioned pee still holding it.

"Huh? Oh yeah, guess so," Nikki said almost distractedly, wiping her hand across the backside of her shorts as she straightened up, squeezing more liquid from her soaked pants, making trails form on her thighs, which ended with little waterfalls raining on her feet. She muttered, "Glad I took my bloody socks off" to herself.

Amy suddenly felt self conscious for some reason, and decided that perhaps they'd had enough fun for the moment, and suggested going inside before her mother came home. Nikki agreed, and both girls stepped almost guiltily over and around the big wet spots that coated the concrete, stepping onto the lawn as quickly as they could.

"Wait! Stop here a sec," Amy said, making a beeline for the backyard clothesline, where a number of towels were hanging. "Perfect!" she exclaimed, taking a fluffy bath towel and returning to where she'd made her friend wait. "We can wipe ourselves down with this before we go inside," she explained, "maybe wet it with the pool water first?"

Nikki agreed, so Amy dipped a third of the towel in the pool, which was at her chest height where they stood.

"We really should take our pants off before we go inside," Nikki suggested. "Dry our legs and feet and everything off properly out here, and wring our pants out, and carry 'em in, just'in case we drip pee everywhere?"

Amy paused, it certainly sounded like a wise move, definitely easier than running upstairs to get changed, then doing a walk-through afterwards to make sure that you hadn't left a pee-trail behind you. And getting undressed in front of Nikki shouldn't be a big deal. They'd gotten changed in front of each other before. But, somehow, it felt particularly naughty for some reason. But again, with no justifiable reason to object springing to mind quickly enough, Amy found herself nodding, "Good idea Nik," she found herself saying.

Nikki didn't hesitate. Quick as a flash, she pulled her shorts and panties down, stepping out of them, then deftly flicking them up in the air with her foot, catching them easily. She separated her panties from her shorts, and wrang them both out seperately, squeezing as much pee out of them as she could.

Amy had left the magnetic torch back in its original position on the shed, and the girls were hidden in the shadows, far away from the back door area, standing in darkness behind the chest deep pool. Even though she was only a couple of meters away, Amy could only see a vague shadow, but could tell what Nikki was doing. When the shadow reached out a hand for the towel, Amy passed it over, then pulled her own shorts and panties off, waiting for the vague shadow to finish wiping its legs and stuff first with the wet end, then the dry end of the towel. While she waited, Amy used the time to wring her own wet pants out. She had just finished when the shadow wordlessly passed the towel back. Amy accepted it, then wiped herself down as well, making sure her feet and legs were dry before wrapping all their pants in the towel, and leading Nikki safely back into the light.

Back in the patio area, and plentiful light was spilling out of the sliding glass doors. Amy was gracious enough to pull the door open for Nikki, then step aside, letting her friend inside first. During their walk from behind the sheltering privacy of the pool and its shadows, the girls had hurried along, pulling their hoodies down to give themselves at least a hint of modesty. But Nikki had the advantage of having two free hands to use, to hold the front and/or back into whatever position was needed, but Amy was carrying the wet bundle of towel-wrapped wet pants, so she could only use one hand to protect her modesty, pulling her hoodie down at the front, but leaving her backside uncovered, hence her courtesy of letting Nikki go first.

They ran inside giggling at how ludicrous the situation was, and it only seemed to get funnier. They were shrieking with laughter as they pounded up the stairs, and Nikki, in the lead, let go of the hem on her hoodie, and it started bouncing above her hips as she ran up the stairs, while Amy, following behind and watching her friend ascend, was treated to an up close and personal view of Nikkis bare bottom jiggling it's way up the stairs, directly in front of her.

Her own laughter momentarily stopped, but she forced a cough, then continued again, although perhaps not quite as naturally as before. As they approached the bathroom, Amy ducked inside, letting Nikki proceed to the room without her. Amy used the same towel, but this time used hot water and soap on it, to thoroughly clean and dry herself properly with, then used her regular diaper cream and talc, before picking up the wet pants, putting them in one of her diaper bags from her supply underneath the sink, and returned to her room, making sure she kept her top pulled down.

Nikki was laying back on the bed, naked from the waist down, and obviously not concerned about it either. She simply looked up and smiled at Amy as she walked in, making no attempt to hide her nudity.

"Bathrooms yours," Amy told her, deliberately not looking directly at her. "You can use the towel with some hot water and soap. Give yourself a good clean, get all the pee off you."

Nikkis smile faltered a bit for a second, but it quickly re-established itself again. It was almost like a cloud had briefly crossed her gaze, momentarily dimming her, but she recovered. Without speaking, she stood up, and walked around Amy, somehow looking disappointed.

"Nikki, wait," Amy suddenly said, just as Nikki was about to leave the room, making her pause, and look around expectantly, her face a contrast with her bare backside as she looked back over her shoulder.

"Wanna diaper?" Amy asked, anxious to somehow please Nikki, although she wasn't sure exactly why the was so important.

Nikkis face creased in a huge grin. "Yes please Ames. I'd love one. A tape on one if you've got a spare, cos the pull up ones are too big."

Amy was more than pleased to assist, and as soon as Nikki was gone, her newly acquired diaper in hand, Amy quickly put herself into a nappy as well, and dressed herself in her footie pyjamas once more, finding herself feeling a lot more comfortable now she was dressed, although somehow disappointed at the same time, almost as though she was missing something.

They were confusing thoughts for an adolescent girl, and Amy found that she just didn't want to dwell on them, so she pushed them aside, just as her bedroom door opened again, and Nikki reappeared, looking very cute with her diaper showing underneath her hoodie.

"Can you give me a hand with these damn tapes please Ames?" Nikki asked, sounding frustrated, so Amy found herself kneeling down in front of her friend, and helping her to tighten her leg-band tapes, and more than once they exchanged uncomfortable glances at each other, but still, neither of them pulled away, either.

When Nikki got changed, it was into an animal themed onesie. Her pyjamas were a light grey rabbit design, complete with hood and ears, and a fluffy white cottontail above her rear flap, which was supposedly held up by Velcro, but which didn't hold secure very well, meaning usually at least one corner was hanging down, showing off the diaper she wore underneath. Her pyjamas didn't feature built in feet, and she didn't wear socks, leaving her little pink-painted toes on display.

After their earlier naughtiness, and the strange mood that seemed to hang around for a while afterwards, things eventually settled back down to normal. Study was forgotten, and more important stuff, like make-up, was discussed, and soon, the girls were doing some serious development work on each other's eyes and eyebrows. Sonia came home a bit after 9:30, checked in, stayed to help the girls out for a few minutes, silently chuckling to herself about how cute her little girl looked in her footie pyjamas with her friend in her bunny rabbit onesie doing each other's makeup. They were adorable!

But adorable or not, it was a school night, and lights were out by 10:15. Neither girl bothered with going to the toilet first, as by unspoken rule, they just knew that they'd be using their diapers. Teeth brushed, hair tied, and they hopped into bed together, with Sonia waiting by the door to say goodnight and switch the light off. Of course, there was a bit of chattering and giggling, which was to be expected, but pretty soon it became apparent that they were actually tired, especially after being at school all day, and sleep started to overwhelm them. Amy in particular was a bit surprised about how comfortable she felt.

She had never shared a bed with anyone before, at least not to sleep in. Her and Danny had laid together, napped, and fooled around, and slept in the same room, but Amy had never tried to go to sleep for the night with someone else in bed with her, and she had been betting it was going to be awkward and uncomfortable, but to her surprise, it wasn't, and soon they had drifted off to sleep, Amy protectively cuddling Teddy, her lifelong teddy bear companion.

Amy woke up while she was wetting herself. This wasn't unusual and happened at least a few times a week. Mostly, she just slept through it without waking. Rarer still were the times she would wake up dry, but they did still happen. That didn't mean she'd make it to the bathroom dry of course, but that's another story.

She froze, still half asleep, and as years of bed wetting had taught her, she lay flat on her back, spread her legs a bit, and ever so slightly raised her butt, trying to make sure that her nappy had every possible chance to absorb her accident fully and without leaking. The Molicares are good diapers, and soon she was able to let herself slump back down, safe in the knowledge that her pyjamas and sheets were still dry, even though her nappy now squelched all swollen, hot, and deliciously delightfully between her legs and around her bum. For the millionth time she sighed, still a bit peeved at the fact that she was a fourteen year old bed wetter, although her recently discovered feelings did offset her long ingrained dislike of her situation a bit.

She reached towards her bedside table, fumbling in the dark for the glass of water that always accompanied her to bed, finding it, and managing to drink deeply from it without spilling it as well. As she sat it down, it nearly overbalanced. She had almost sat it on top of her phone.

Amy fumbled for her phone, switching it on, and discovering it was just after three. That would leave her with another four hours in a wet diaper, but meh, whatever. At least it was warm.

Her eyes suddenly widened in the darkness. She had an idea.

Softly and silently, Amy pulled the bedclothes back as gently as she could. Nikki was laying on her side, her back to Amy. Using the flashlight feature on her phone, Amy tucked it under the sheets, and aimed the beam of light towards where Nikki lay. Just as Amy had predicted, the flaps on the back of Nikkis rabbit onesie had undone, and it hung flat and limp on the sheet.

There, in the open space left behind, was Nikkis diaper.

Amy reached down with a shaking hand, the light shaking because the other hand was trembling as well, and she lightly touched the back of her friends nappy. It felt warm. Amy cupped it delicately, even gently squeezing it, wanting to know if her best friend had wet herself as well, even deliberately.

But she just couldn't tell. Nikkis diaper was probably warm because she was wearing it, and you can't judge a diapers wetness just by cupping it! You have to squeeze it, squash it, meld it with your fingers if you want to find out just how wet it is, and you can't really do that without waking the wearer up. Amy didn't want to wake Nik up, but she really wanted to know.

Without thinking too much about it, Amy found herself gently slipping her finger inside the elastic leg band on Nikkis diaper, and burying it deeply into the padding. She smiled to herself, somehow pleased that she'd solved the mystery. Nikki was still dry.

Amy turned off her light, and returned the phone to her nightstand, and now, shivering with cold, she pulled the bedclothes back over herself again. She found herself inching across towards where Nikkis back was, then without warning, her front was pushed against her friends back. Nikki kind of wiggled in her sleep, snuggling backwards against Amy, and soon they were spooning each other. The only uncomfortable bit was Amy's arm. She had nowhere to comfortably put it, and was surprised with herself when she found herself draping it over Nikkis side, but Nikki didn't complain. She made a contented little mewling noise in her sleep, hugged Amy's hand tightly against her chest, and snuggled backwards against the older girl for warmth. Amy was surprised at how nice it felt, and as a big wave of tiredness swept over her, she let herself go with it, and was soon sleeping just as soundly as the girl she was cuddling.

