Potter Games

Author: Nimbus

*000*2013-05-12 04:47

This was just a short deviation from spider-girl and resolution. I will update this story when ever I feel like it or I hit writer's block with my other two stories. This story actually takes place in 2017 America.

The world seemed to be drowned in a gray hue as storm clouds collected overhead. A tall, blonde teenager moved quickly, as if to avoid the coming storm. Her unbuttoned red plaid blouse billowed behind her like a cloak as she dashed down the empty street. Her right hand remained at her side, grasping a willow stick that peeked from the waistband of her skinny jeans.

The young witch slowed her pace as she came into proximity of a McDonalds. Her stomach rumbled from beneath her royal blue t-shirt as she slowly made her way into the restaurant, trying to remain casual. As she entered the annex of the restaurant she quickly ran her fingers through her golden hair to make it look nice before entering to fast food joint.

She controlled her breathing and kept her emerald eyes on her feet as she stepped to the back of the short line. Her pail, pink fingernails tapped against her thighs as she waited for her chance to order. She pretended to be fascinated with the pre bought tears on the thighs and knees of her jeans as the line ambled forward.

The teen finally looked up as the cashier spoke. “What can I do for you?” The clearly bored, older girl asked in a monotone voice.

The blonde girl licked her ruby lips before speaking. “I would like a number 4 to go.” The girl replied, forcing her pleasant sounding voice to fill with confidence.

“What size?” The cashier replied.

“Medium.” The blonde shrugged.

“Great that will be $5.67.”

The blonde withdrew a wad of cash and fumbled through it till she withdrew six dollars, leaving only a couple of one dollar bills left. She paid and was in the process of stepping to the side when the cashier asked one last question.

“What’s your name for your order.”

“Samantha.” The blonde replied instinctively. She winced immediately but played it off as she leaned against the wall. The cashier however, took no notice and simply magicked a cup onto the counter and scrawled the name down simultaneously. She awkwardly made her way back to the counter to retrieve her cup a second later however and filled it with coke.

Sam returned to her position on the wall and waited for her order, periodically sipping from her cup. She found that staring at her drink gave her yet another excuse to avoid looking at the occupants of the restaurant without drawing attention to herself.

Finally Sam’s order came up and she quickly grabbed the bag of food and darted out of the McDonalds. Once she was back on the streets Hannah broke into a sprint, her eyes flitting between her surroundings and the angry looking clouds. Occasionally a car would speed down the street, paying the fleeing girl no attention.

Thankfully it wasn’t uncommon for the citizens of Elton Illinois to be in a hurry so no one stopped the frantic blonde as she made her way to her “home.”

A few blocks and narrow alleyways later and Sam emerged in front of a vacant split level house. She withdrew her wand as she skid to a halt at the door.

“Alohomora.” She muttered breathlessly. The tip of her wand lit up and the brass doorknob clicked. She quickly swung the door open and entered the threshold of the house. She slammed the door shut, locking it and placing a forgetting charm on the doorknob to prevent intrusion.

Now that Sam was in the comfort of the empty house she casually moved up the stairs and too the far room. She entered the barren room and muttered an incantation. Instantly the room filled with a slender mattress, barely wider than Sam’s slender frame, a pillow, black comforter, a hamper barely filled with dirty clothes and another with even less clean clothes. Next to the mattress were Sam’s two luxuries: a half empty bottle of pink nail polish and a thing of red lipstick.

Sam sat at the end of the mattress, her back against the wall as she laid out her food on the floor, using the wrapper on the sandwich as a plate. She flicked her wand towards the wall. “Lumos.” She spoke sending a blue ball of light to dangle at the edge of the room.

Finally Sam allowed herself to enjoy her meal as the sound of pouring rain began outside her house. She quickly finished her meal and discarded the balled up wrappers across the room, intending to throw them away later. She laid out across her mattress and stared at the white ceiling. She withdrew her wand and hesitantly set it aside before wrapping herself in her comforter.

After a few minutes of restless shifting sleep overtook Sam and the world faded away as she dreamt of a world without President Mark Hawthorne of the Wizarding World.

Sam awoke at some point in the night to find her bladder throbbing. She sat up in the dark room preparing to make the trek to the bathroom when she felt a sort of warning signal go off into her brain. She had never been great at divination but Sam felt like something was wrong. Along with her bloated bladder, her abdomen filled with a sense of dread.

Sam remained perfectly still, listening to the sound of rain and hopefully for a sign of security. Instead she heard her windows suddenly frost. In a single instant all of her happiness had been depleted. Her skin gather goosebumps and her breath billowed before her, entirely visible. She reached out for her wand, fumbling across the floor for it in futile effort.

Before she could find the versatile tool a dark figure appeared in the door way. A terrifying phantom floated before her, a black cloak like body billowed in the air as it approached. Fear and utter grief began to overtake Sam as it approached. Skeletal hands slowly reached for the phantom’s hood revealing it’s horrific, zombie-esque face.

Sam felt her life being drained out of her as she struggled to her feet. She sluggishly moved toward the window sill, just managing to yank it open and send tiny ice particles flying. She hoisted herself onto the ledge and began to slide out. Her vision grew dark around the edges as she felt the world fade once more. She felt the dementor grab at her leg just as she began to fall. The icy grasp broke as she plummeted to the grass below.

Sam grunted as she slammed to the ground. Her vision cleared, but only slightly. Utter despair still followed her like a shadow. Nevertheless she forced herself to move, despite how her body felt like it was made of lead.

The black ghost followed her through the window. Sam only barely noted that as she raced from its presences. She reached her arm backwards and summoned all her strength. “Accio wand.” Her wand flew through the air landing in her grasp. Unfortunately the act of using magic without a conduit left her drained. She forced herself to move from the dementors proximity, a task that quickly became futile.

Sam reluctantly turned around and grasped her wand with both hands. She grit her teeth and forced herself to recall a pleasant memory. She imagined her family, still intact. Her father was holding her mother around the waist, her younger sister was smiling and laughing. It was just the short memory, of her family that caused her to draw the strength to produce her wolf patronus.

“Expecto Patronum!” She shouted as her arms shook. A bright white light emitted from her wand tip. The light took the form of a wolf and quickly pounced on the dementor forcing it away.

Once the phantom was gone Sam felt the despair lift and her energy return. She stood up straight and moved to run once again.

“Expelliarmus!” Her wand shot from her hand and she stumbled backwards. She heard the wand hit the ground but couldn’t see where it landed.

“Stupefy!” a jet of red light narrowly missed her face. She wasn’t given any time to search for her wand and was forced to make a run for it. She knew she wouldn’t be able to accio her wand again after being disarmed, she would just have to hope to double back and find it later.

Sam dashed from her attacker, a tall wizard. He was well dressed and groomed. Short brown hair and a clean shaven face. His body was adorned in a grey three piece suit, including a black tie. In his extended hand was a Fir wand that cast another stupefy jinx.

Sam dodged the spell and continued to flee. Her grey vans slapped the wet cement of the sidewalk as she hurriedly ran through the night, hoping to escape in the darkness. She cursed as she found herself running down an empty residual street with no hiding spots. Sam found herself constantly ducking and dodging spells from the wizard behind her.

She came to a perpendicular intersection. She paused briefly as another wizard attacked from her right. Sam ducked below a fire spear and fled left. She found herself racing downhill in the middle of the street aiming to seek refuge in a large empty building at the end of the slope. She sped up forcing herself to move as fast as possible.

Suddenly her shoes lost traction on the wet concrete and Sam slammed to the ground on her hands and knees. She cursed as her bladder spasmed leaving a large wet patch on her crotch. She cringed as she pushed herself to her feet.

“Levicorpus!” Sam found her body flipping until she was suspended a foot in the air by her feet. She struggled frantically to regain her composure and return to the ground as her bladder spasmed violently. Hot golden rivulets began to cascade down her abdomen and the crevice between her breasts.

“Stupefy!”

The last thing Sam recalled before she blacked out was the unpleasant sensation of pee rolling down her body and streaming to the ground below, just inches from her own face.

*002*2013-05-14 02:35

{{: 

Interesting story so far. Really want to see how it plays out. I say story because I feel the wetting was thrown in as an after thought. But I do like the story, no matter how fond I am of desperation and wetting.

}}

Thanks, and yeah; I did kind of add it in later. Initially there wasn't going to be a wetting scene, but I figured since I don't know how often I will update this story I should add a wetting scene.

