A Wet Morning

Author: Inactive :(

*000*2015-08-24 22:47

Something quick I just came up with and started writing. :3

###

As he desperately made his way down the hall to the bathroom, Kodi gripped his crotch in desperation, trying to keep control of his bladder. At last, he got to the end of the hall, but for some reason, the bathrooms weren't there. He groaned, and started searching the entire building for a bathroom. But he couldn't find one.

Suddenly, he found himself drifting awake. He opened his eyes, and gripped his crotch so that he didn't end up wetting the bed. Darn his small bladder! Then he felt it. His best friend Holly resting in his arms. His memory of last night was coming back. His sister Scarlet was at a sleepover with her best friend for the weekend, and his parents were both working evening shifts and morning shifts on adjacent days. Therefore, he had the house to himself until about 4:30, and he took the opportunity to invite his best friend Holly. Even though they were just best friends, they kind of acted like a couple, but they weren't really a couple. They did talk about sex sometimes, though; I guess you could say they were friends with benefits.

The previous day was Friday, and they rode Kodi's bus home to his house. Almost as soon as they got home, Holly had tied him down to a chair, made him drink three glasses of water in total, and when he was bursting to pee and on the brink of wetting himself, she sat on his lap and pressed on his bladder until he couldn't take it anymore, and started wetting himself. She seemed to enjoy it, and he actually enjoyed it as well. She liked to take advantage of his small bladder sometimes.

He brought himself back to the present, and was suddenly fully aware of the fact that his best friend was sleeping in his arms, and he had achieved a rather awkward erection. He felt himself blush, and his erection started to twitch. No, go down... he silently thought. It didn't help at all. He tried to relax, but that was a big mistake, as he felt himself starting to leak pee into his boxers. He squeezed himself hard and managed to cut off the flow. He thought of getting up and using the bathroom, but he didn't want Holly to wake up. She looked so peaceful, sleeping in his arms...

Then he felt movement. Her paw was making its way from his chest, down his stomach, and rubbed against where his bladder was.

"Nice and full, huh?" she whispered. Kodi nodded. Holly continued to move her paw slowly down his body, and got to his crotch. He was blushing even harder as she felt his erection pressing against his boxers. He could tell she could also feel the wet patch.

"Feels like you couldn't hold it all in," she remarked as she rubbed her paw against his wet patch.

Kodi blushed even more. "I really had to go...I still have to go really bad..."

She cut him off. "You don't happen to have a mattress protector...do you?" she asked.

"Yeah, I have one...because of my weak bladder I sometimes get the bed wet."

She got up onto her knees and hovered over his crotch. At first, he thought she was going to start riding his cock, but then he noticed she was still wearing her panties. He was puzzled, until he saw a small wet patch appear on her panties, which grew, as the liquid started pouring onto his crotch. It seemed to affect his desperation, as he felt himself leak, and then spurt, which soon turned into a full on flood as he started wetting his boxers. Holly was able to cut off her flow, but he kept on wetting until he was empty, and finally let out a sigh of relief. He didn't think he would enjoy it this much.

Kodi noticed a somewhat daring look in her eye, as she stripped off her panties and he got a good view of her glistening wet pussy. His erection, which had died down a little bit, came right back to life. She pulled his boxers down, exposing his pee covered cock, and she lowered herself down onto him and started riding. Before long, she was moaning out in pleasure as the waves of orgasm rushed over her, and after the feeling died down, she collapsed onto his chest, breathing heavily. After a moment of regaining her energy, she sat up, and started to give him a handjob until he too felt orgasm rush over him, as he came all over himself.

They relaxed for a few minutes, and finally hopped out of bed.

"Want to grab something to eat, and then I can drive you home?" Kodi suggested.

"Sounds good to me, Holly replied.

