Drifted Apart

Author: Poison Ivy

*000*2015-06-14 09:56

~Hey guys, this is my first story so please give feedback, be honest!~

As Stephanie Edgley sat on the thick, soft carpet, she couldn't believe a number of things.

She couldn't believe that her uncle, Gordon Edgley, the famous bestselling author, had passed away last week.

She couldn't believe that his enormous mansion of a house had been left to her.

And she couldn't believe how badly she had to pee.

She had been playing video gems for the past 3 hours, seeing as she had nothing to do, and only now did she realise how full her bladder was. Keeping an eye on the video game, she squirmed around on the carpet, reluctant to get up. She shoved a hand into her crotch, pressing hard. She played through another few levels before deciding that she couldn't hold it for much longer and would have to go to the bathroom. Pausing the game, she twisted her legs together. Slowly, shakily, she stood up, and almost immediately the urge to pee intensified. What had been a 6 on a desperation scale, 10 being where she wet herself, was now an 8, an ocean of pee begging to be let out, even just the tiniest few drops. Whimpering to herself, she stood bent over for a moment, regaining her control.

That was when the knocking began. 'Probably a salesperson', she thought, 'I'll just ignore them, they'll go away soon'. She walked a few steps, hands shoved between her legs. She started to hobble more quickly: through that doorway, into that room, into the corridor, through there. After a minute or so, she was annoyed to discover that she was back in the living room, having entered through another doorway. And the knocking still hadn't stopped! In fact, it was becoming louder, really starting to get on her nerves. She sighed, deciding to see who it was. Besides, she was 12, see could hold it for another few minutes.

Staggering over to the big oak door, she swung it open. The man that stood there did not look like a salesperson, not at all. She stared at him, taking in his appearance. He was tall and lanky, with greasy hair that hung over a crooked nose and bloodshot eyes, with thin lips twisted into an ugly sneer. He wore a black jacket over a blue shirt and ripped jeans. His small beady eyes seemed to be examining her too, every part of her, from the tips of her dark, glossy hair, past her big brown eyes and cute button-nose, her t-shirt and shorts, to her long, smooth swimmers legs and Nike trainers.

Suddenly, without warning, he lunged towards her. He bared his bong fingers into claws, and he gave a low, menacing snarl. Frightened, Stephanie swung shut the huge doors, retreating into a nearby room, but with a crash and a huge bang, the man kicked the door down! He sauntered into the room.

"Little girl", he called, "I don't want to have to hurt you, it will be better for both of us if you just leave". As Stephanie crouched under the table, her bladder gave a violent spasm and she knew she couldn't leave even if she had wanted to. She shivered, sure that she was about to be killed. The man entered the room she was in, stepping towards her.

Stephanie screamed, crawled out from under the table and dodged past him. He chased after her, until she tripped over the edge of the rug. She rolled over onto her back to see him holding an enormous knife, it's blade gleaming in the afternoon sunlight. As if that wasn't enough to worry about, she suddenly lost a huge spurt, reminding her of her existing problem.

She shut her tear-filled eyes, not wanting to see her death, but opened them again when she heard a howl of pain. Another man stood in the doorway, a low brimmed hat casting a deep shadow over his face, and a well tailored suit covering the rest of his body. He was pointing a gun at the intruder, as if that was the most normal thing on Earth to do. As for the intruder, however, he was sprawled on the ground, his eyes full of fear. However, that look of fear was soon gone, replaced by a look of confidence.

As Stephanie watched, the man with the hat clicked his fingers, and somehow, in his palm there was a... Flame? Yes, she was sure of it, there was nothing else it could be. As she watched, he hurled it at the intruder, as one would hurl a cricket ball, and the intruder's clothes caught on fire. A burnt smell hung in the air but his flesh didn't seem to be burning. Quite to the contrary, he seemed to be absorbing the fire! Yes, the fire on his skin was growing ever smaller! Throwing his head back, he howled with laughter. "More", he rasped, "give me more". The man with the hat (hat-man) tilted his head to the side, looking puzzled. Before he could stop him, the intruder lurched towards Stephanie. Knowing that the house couldn't offer anymore shelter for her, she bolted out the door. The man chased after her, the fire having now completely gone out, followed by the hat-man.

Stephanie had no idea what was happening and how the fire had appeared in that man's hand, but she did know one thing: she had to get away. And she still had to pee. She cursed, sprinting as fast as she could, silently thanking her mum for making her do cross-country classes.

As she ran, Stephanie suddenly became aware that she was running full tilt on the jetty, and was about to run off the end at any moment. The sea swirled and splashed around her, worsening her desperation. She couldn't bear to look at it, the endless stretch of water reminding her of the ocean inside herself. She considered stopping, but realised she wouldn't be able to stop in time so she just ran faster than ever, off the jetty and into the sea.

The cold embrace of the water seemed to be teasing her, forcing her pee out. She wouldn't give in though, she couldn't, for the men were still behind her! They were causing quite a commotion too! She cautiously turned around, just in time to see them splash into the water behind her. The look on the intruder's face was a look of pure horror, like he was face-to-face with his worst fear. And he was.

To her horror, the previously blazing man now began to dissipate in the water with a blood-curdling scream of pain. His skin melted, like the Wicked Witch in the Wizard of Oz, and as Stephanie watched, his limbs broke off and began to dissolve. Soon nothing but a few bubbles remained of him.

While watching, Stephanie had unconsciously weakened her hold on her bladder and was now leaking pee steadily into the water. Instead of trying to stop, though, she decided that she had had enough and couldn't hold it a second longer. Warmth flooded the water around her as she peed full force. Her stream seemed to go on forever, and it just felt so good! It was like bliss had been poured upon her, and she felt so weak with relief that she almost sank under the water.

Suddenly, she felt strong arms grab her and she turned around to see that she and the hat-man were rising out of the water! The moment she was set down on land, she spun around. The hat-man's hat was now missing from the fight and what she saw without his hat on was the last thing she expected to see, although it shouldn't have come as much of a surprise to her after all she'd seen today.

Instead of a proper face, the hat-man had a skeleton face. As in, no skin, no flesh, no blood, only bones! Seeing her face pale, the skeleton-face man knelt down and said in a voice as smooth as velvet "My name is Skulduggery Pleasant, I am an old friend of your uncle's." All Stephanie could think to say was: "How can you talk? Where are your vocal chords? Do you have nerves? Can you feel? How can you see and hear?" The answer that came was "magic".

Back at her house, Stephanie sat in front of a blazing fire, a towel wrapped around her, with Skulduggery at her side. He had answered all of her questions and she was now strangely calm. "Can you teach me magic?" She asked.

He looked away for a moment before answering "Well, not everyone can do magic, you may not be able to."

"Well, but I might be able to, right?"

"Maybe, it's possible."

"So can you teach me?"

"No."

"Please?"

"No."

"Please? You know I'm not going to leave you alone until you agree."

*sigh*

"Fine, meet me at the jetty tomorrow morning at 10:00am sharp."

"Yay!!!"

