Hop Omo (Pokemon S&S)

Author: heimdal

*000*2020-08-12 23:04

Hop finished his third glass of soda he listened to his brother Leon pontificate on the virtues of Mega Charizard X vs. Mega Charizard Y, though considering that mega evolution was banned in Galar competitions Hop was only listening halfheartedly. Leon had just returned from an international competition and Hop, dying to hear about the elite trainers from foreign nations, had offered to buy him dinner. Their drinks had barely arrived when Hop made an unfortunate comment about Charizard’s competitive viability (Leon had lost in striking fashion to a champion named Cynthia and her stealth rock-wielding Garchomp), which led to a 40 minute (40 minute!!) digression on everything Charizard related.

They had finished their meal, and Hop was getting ready to call it a loss when Leon sat up suddenly. “Man, am I boring you with this Charizard talk? Sorry bro, you know I can get a little carried away…” He smiled apologetically and scratched his head, “Let’s get a round of beers and I’ll tell you what you really wanted to hear about.” Hop enthusiastically agreed; he wasn’t technically of legal drinking age, but nobody was going to question the former champion. As the waitress brought pints for each of them Hop felt a pang in his bladder, haven’t gone since I woke up, but if I go to the loo now there’s no telling what Leon will be talking about when I get back… stiff upper lip it is, then.

Two beers later the brothers were finally wrapping up. As the conversation slowed Hop became aware of just how badly he needed to take a piss. He looked around and realized with a jolt that the restaurant had a grand total of 0 restrooms what the, are there no toilets here? What kind of bloody restaurant doesn’t have a loo in 2020?. “Oy, let’s bugger off” he suggested to Leon, who nodded and signed the bill (he had agreed to pay in the end, “like I’m going to make my little bro pay for my meal!”) Unfortunately, given Leon’s popularity, the brothers attracted attention wherever they went, and Hop didn’t dare cross his legs or hold his crotch. Everyone has a cell phone, can’t risk someone getting a pic of an up and coming trainer holding himself like a little kid. He forced himself to walk straight through the restaurant and outside. Hop turned to his brother, “hey, before we go back I really need to…”

He was cut off by a loud and obnoxiously familiar voice “YOU!” Hop turned in agony to see Galar’s newest gym leader Bede striding towards them. Hop groaned inwardly not now, why does this twat show up at the worst possible times. Bede sneered at him “I notice you didn’t participate in the international, not surprising though considering the state your team is in.” In spite of his desperate bladder Hop rose to the bait, “says the guy who only got his gym as a consolation prize from a senile old lady obsessed with pink.” Bede snapped at this, “alright then, face me here and now, 6v6” he turned to the growing crowd, “how about it, you guys wanna see an exhibition match?” The crowd roared its approval and Hop went into a panic shit, this is NOT happening, gahhhh but Bede really pisses me off... reckon I can end it quick anyhow.

“Slyveon, wish!” As Slyveon complied with Bede’s command Hop wanted to scream, this fucking twat is just stalling, if I hadn’t been so distracted that I lost Corviknight I… a spasm hit him and it took every ounce of will not to grab his crotch, but he was pretty sure he had leaked a few drops. Shit, can’t believe I’m actually leaking, I think I’m gonna have to throw the match, whyyyy is this happening to me???. "Dubwool, used, er... growl!" Hop could hear the murmurs of the crowd at this ('did he just say growl?!' 'This is some bug catcher-tier shit').

Even with Hop deliberately making bad moves it took Bede an agonizingly long time to finish him. Hop was certain he would read about his humiliating defeat on local blogs soon enough, but if he didn’t get out of there a lost battle would be the least of his worries. Still, the crowd had grown large by now and he refused to compound his humiliation by making a dash for the toilets even after his defeat, c’mon Hop, you’re 15, and who’s heard of a 15 year old pissing their trousers, you can hold it as long as you have to, it’s just gonna be right painful. He speed-walked to the subway, his nonplussed brother in tow.

It had gotten late, and the subway was mercifully empty. The bumps and the cold air, however, brought Hop to the breaking point, causing him to leak a few drops every 20 seconds or so. He didn’t think his dark pants showed anything (he didn’t dare look), but he knew his boxers were getting pretty damp. Shit, if I don’t do something I…I might actually have an accident. Leon was watching his brother’s obvious discomfort and finally spoke up, “hey bro, you feelin’ alright?” Alone with Leon, Hop finally gave in and crossed his legs, pushing his hand into his crotch, “I have to take a piss, it’s, uh, it’s pretty bad” Hop reddened at this admission, but there was no use hiding it from Leon, who put an arm around him, “Just hang in there, we’ll be at our station in 10 mins, you can use the loo there.” Truthfully Hop wasn’t sure he could last 10 minutes, but he managed to hold on until their train came to a stop, finally, at Wedgehurst.

Hop flew from the train and sprinted to the bathroom, he felt himself starting to leak again but ran up the stairs and round the corner to the toilets. He reached the door and was horrified to find it locked, with a sign “no public access after 9pm, see attendant for key,” dancing around desperately he ran to the attendant’s booth, only to find it empty fuck, probably out having a smoke or something, who leaves an attendant booth unattended! At that moment he felt urine crawling up his dick, despite his best efforts to pull it back. Some part of him knew that if he started going, he wouldn’t be able to stop. He looked at the outside door, should I just go outside in the dirt, what do I, fuck what do I… the piss hovered at the tip of his dick for a moment, and tears formed in his eyes as the pee started to spill out at a steady pace.

Oh my God, I’m actually pissing myself, this can’t be happening… Hop was horrified to realize that he was now crying in earnest, great, now I’m sobbing too, I feel like a fucking 5 year old he thought miserably as he sunk to the floor. Leon finally made it up the steps and took in the situation at a glance, turning a deep red but walking calmly to his brother. “Here” he said gently, wrapping his cape around Hop’s waist like a skirt, “you should have said something earlier” he chuckled. “I didn’t want to embarrass you” Hop sniffled, rubbing his eye and regaining his composure. Leon sighed, “C’mon, you know I’ve always got your back, you shouldn’t worry about me.” He ruffled Hop’s hair affectionately, “Mom and Dad are probably asleep by now and this place is empty, this will be our secret.” He helped Hop up and put his arm around his shoulder, walking out of the station and leaving a large puddle for an unfortunate attendant.

