The Lady Keeps Peeing Herself! An Omorashi Isekai Adventure!

Author: Keita123

*000*2023-03-30 00:38

“What…”

“N-no way…”

“I-I’m a girl now?”

It all happened in a flash.

My boring life ended, all because of a simple, stupid mistake.

I failed to see the truck heading towards me when I crossed the road, resulting in my anticlimactic death.

I didn’t even get a flashback to my life. Everything just went black.

And then, when I woke up, I was in the body of this girl.

Massive breasts, perky ass, silky smooth skin, long and flowing silver hair — by all accounts, she was a beauty through and through.

And definitely not me, since I was a guy after all.

Wait, can it be? Have I been reincarnated into a new world like in those novels? This room looks straight out of the medieval era. No sign of electricity in the slightest.

“You’re right! I brought you to this world!”

A bright light blasted into the room from the mirror I was looking at, heralding the arrival of a woman’s figure, standing with a smile on her face.

"Greetings, my lovely mortal! I am Eris, the Goddess of this world, and the one responsible for bringing you here from your world!" she said with an unrelenting, golden smile.

My jaw dropped.

W-what did she just say? She's... she's a Goddess?

I-I suppose she does look like one... those long legs, those massive breasts, and her overall aura and beauty... she certainly does look Goddess-like...

"Now now, no need to look all surprised. I know my beauty can be quite captivating." She played with her hair with her right hand, giggling in the process. "Focus, alright? You have to learn how to live in this world after all. So listen. And listen well!"

I nodded in silence, completely speechless in her presence.

"First of all, you're now Liliana Windsor, the only daughter of the illustrious Windsor noble family. And the world you live in is indeed as you predicted. It’s a world of swords and magic, of monsters and adventurers. An exciting world where you can have as much fun as you want!” She rested her hand on her chest with a proud smile.

My face turned to a frown. Folding my hands under my chest, I replied, “You think this is a joke? A video game is one thing but actually fighting monsters in reality, that’s far too dangerous! I don’t even know any martial arts for starters!”

“W-wait, I’m not finished!” The goddess waved her arms in a panic. “That’s why I’ll give you my blessings! Special abilities that can make you really strong right away!”

I raised my eyebrows. "Cheats? Start speaking."

"First things first. Bring up your character status."

"Character... status? Like the one in RPGs?"

"Yes, yes, exactly that! And the way you do it is to just swipe your hand in the air while thinking, 'I want to bring up my status window!'"

"Wait, how do you know about RPG games?" I asked.

"Why, I visit your world from time to time, you know!" She smiled.

Really? I can't imagine her walking around in that outfit without drawing people's attention.

Unless, of course, she goes to Akihabara. Then she can just chalk it up as cosplay.

Though, with her looks, I can just imagine perverts ogling her all over.

I raised my right hand and did the swiping motion as she instructed. All the while I focused my mind, demanding the status screen to appear.

Status

Name

Liliana Windsor

Strength

D

Dexterity

D

Intelligence

B

Agility

E

Luck

C

Charisma

B

Bladder Strength

C

Bowel Strength

C

QP to Spend

0

Traits

Beloved by the Goddess

Possesses blessings given by the Goddess

Omo Lover

Someone who loves omorashi

I scrunched my forehead. “Wait.” I looked at the Goddess. “Why is there bladder and bowel strength here? And Omo Lover?” I blushed.

“Oh, no need to be shy.” The goddess giggled. “I know very well of your little hobby.” She winked. “And I want you to enjoy it freely in this world, which is why I shall give you this cheat.”

Suddenly, a blue message window opened up in front of me.

Received Trait:

Status Exchanger

“Status exchanger?” I raised my eyebrows.

“With it, you have the option of trading your bladder and bowel strength with your other stats! For example, when you need more Strength, you can lower your Bladder Strength a point to D to bring it up to C. However, you can only do so once a day,” she explained with a smile.

So, I’ll be more vulnerable to accidents in exchange for being stronger…

“That’s… that’s not good at all!” I protested. “That means I won’t have any control at all if I want to max my stats! My social life will be ruined!”

“That’s the exciting part, no?” She giggled again. “Can you make it to the toilet? I thought you enjoy that stuff.”

“I… I do! But that doesn’t mean I want to—”

“Let me give you a hint. That Charm stat—that doesn’t just make you more charming to others. The more you have it, the less shameful it’d be when you have an accident.”

“H-huh?”

“Meaning, you should level it up if you want to be safe.” She winked.

Are you kidding me? Raising my Charisma will make it so people won’t laugh if I have an accident in front of them? That’s impossible! Everyone knows that an adult who pisses and shits herself is a failure in being said adult!

“Oh, and one more thing. I’ll give you another cheat that you may like. An extra, if you will.”

Received Trait:

Omovision

"With that, you can see the bladder and bowel gauge of yourself and others!”

Oh wow, bladder gauges?

I looked down at my own body, focusing my mind on summoning said gauge. I couldn’t see my bladder, thanks to my large breasts being in the way.

And immediately, a new window popped up.

Bladder: 50/100

Bowels : 50/100

They’re half full?

All of a sudden, I noticed the dull heaviness on my crotch, accompanied by a light rumbling in my stomach.

A light need to pee and poop. That’s about right with those numbers.

How about her?

I looked at the Goddess and immediately her gauge was displayed as well.

Bladder: 850/1000

Bowels: 800/1000

Whoa, a thousand? That’s a lot compared to mine! Though I suppose it’s natural for goddesses to have that amazing of a capacity.

Still, aren’t that a bit too high? Shouldn’t she be desperate right now?

Sure enough, my prediction was proven correct. It was subtle but I could see signs of desperation on her, mainly, she would shift her legs back and forth, and her left hand would occasionally rub her stomach.

Sheesh, why didn’t she relieve herself first before doing this?

“Satisfied? I imagine it would prove to be useful later, once you can edit other people’s bladders.” She winked.

“Wait, I can do that?”

“Not now, silly. You have to spend your QP to buy it.” She giggled. “Quest Points, by the way. You’ll get it after completing the quests I give you. Like this!”

Received Quest:

The Lady Can’t Hold It!

· Wet yourself after your bladder gauge reaches 95 or more.

· Soil yourself after your bowel gauge reaches 95 or more.

“W-what? What kind of a quest is this?!”

“Oh come now.” The Goddess giggled. “Don’t tell me you don’t like it!”

“Wait, I’m not going to piss and shit myself in public just for your amusement!”

Before the Goddess could answer, however, a knock was heard on the door.

“Lady Windsor, are you up yet?” A female voice called out from outside.

“Well, would you look at that?! My time is up! Well, good luck!”

“Wait, don’t—”

Too late. The Goddess already disappeared from the mirror.

“I’m coming in!”

Before I could say anything, a girl wearing a maid dress entered the room.

*002*2023-03-30 03:43

{{1 hour ago, Red31299 said:

Only the first post and I already want more...

Great stuff Keita! I anxiously await the next posts.

Will ""audience participation"" be a thing or have you already decided this to be solely what you decide on?

}}

Hmm, don't think there will be audience participation. But feel free to suggest ideas!

*005*2023-03-30 06:54

{{3 hours ago, Red31299 said:

Fair enough. Time to try and work on worsening everyone's continence~

}}

That can be a potential skill. Like an aura that reduces max bladder and bowel.

Or just the usual bladder transfer spell.

