[League of Legends] Akali's Torment

Author: dodedrea

*000*2014-02-14 02:35

A little (request) story involving a character from the game League of Legends.

It was truly a terrible way to die.

A whole slew of other people’s lives depended on her and this is how their dependance was paid off.

...

And here she was, bringing the whole scene crashing down on them. An upsettingly familiar sensation of warmth on her shoulder signaled the trickle of blood continued.The wound elicited a winch of pain from the small frightened Akali, clutching her arm for a brief moment. Under the veil of shadow, she lurked, but at this moment she was the hunted and further than she had ever been from on the prowl. A plentiful wisp of smoke concealed her every movement, but even this sweet savior would disappear within mere moments. The adrenaline in her beaten up body urged her forward, but the ninja was dancing a fine line between life and death.

Akali’s muscles tensed with ungodly agitation, an irritating reminder of just how far the petite ninja had pushed herself. A dancing shadowy outline formed a few feet before the drained girl, the figure’s serpentine tail thrashing wildly to and fro. The smoke began to draw back, bringing into vision the occasional glint of green scales. There was a far off clang and clatter of combat between swords and shields, but this was much more personal. The bloodshed and larger scale battle was sheer white noise for the conflict, the two champions locked in an intricate tango of blade and fangs.

A venomous purple cloud erupts a few meters from the strained champion, inducing an unsettling shiver on her skin. Her body quivered in anticipation of the moment her location was known once more, the danger imminent. Cassiopeia, the serpent’s brace, stood lying in wait for her opponent to show her face once again. To seal the deal within a permanent casket of stone, to immortalize in a rock prison. One short glance at the wrong time and her body would cease to move.

The brutal battle was constant, an authentic test of attrition between the two sides with all of its fast-paced movements and exchanges. Akali was more than a simple battle opportunist, she was in a bloodline with a position as an enforcer of the balance. The waivering ninja deftly nabbed at her belt, gathering a health potion to use for preperation, as the moment of truth was only a few second away. In a hasty maneuver, the dainty girl gives the cork of the potion a swift pop and downs its contents after lowering her cloth mask, not caring some residual drops rolled down her cheek. The strange cooling sensation, akin to menthol, hit her throat with the healing properties of the health potion immediately started to work its magic.

In a few hearty gulps the glass bottle sat in Akali’s hand empty save a few droplets rolling around the bottom, before storing it now empty back in her strap. It made the young girl acutely cognizant of the other urge her body was pressing for, the liquid from the potion stirring a twinge in her bladder. In a solid grip, both the sharpened kamas stayed at the ready for their inevitable use. The cold steel had a hearty glisten on the still exposed portion, miraculously not tainted by blood and scale. For the final bout, it would be an extension of her body, now shaking with apprehension. Akali was faintly aware of the numbing sensation of her bladder against the soft but taut material of her outfit, but there were much larger matters at hand.

An unveiled yellow orb, the relentless gaze of the snakess, pierced the constantly fading smoke and deteriorating shroud. In an instant before reaction was feasible, a hissing cloud of acid appeared before the ninja, causing her to lift her kamas and arms in front of her body to block what she could. A thin layer of corrosive poison bubbles away at her exposed skin, the pain forcing a small scream from the girl. Holding her breath, Akali shuffles into a large nearby shrub to temporarily recuperate. Another quick potion is chugged down by the distraught champion, once again teasing her dismissed body signal and feeding a little more life into the staggering woman. A few drops of the potion saturate her mask and dribble downwards to her sash as she clumsily drinks while she can. An urgent pulse from her tortured bladder is once again shrugged off, priority one being survival.

This was it, this HAD to be it. With a new sense of determination and revered persistance, she peeked a vibrant green eye to spot her target, the great serpent preparing another acidic assualt on the bush she was occupying. The initial sound was the inhale of breath from the overwhelmed Akali, followed by the second, the penetrating contact of blade on scale. The member of the Kinkou places great strength within a leap and dashes almost instantaneously to her target, kamas at the set. The coiled serpent, clearly underprepared for the strike, lets out a daunting hiss and piercing scream as the blades slice into her body. The kamas meet resistance, the toughened scales slowing the strike and reducing the damage. Seeing the opening, a second just as solid slash is followed, its excecution flawless. Third.

It was time to finish this once and for all with a third clean strike. The vile Cassiopeia was incapacitated from the nearing fatal blows, her body writhing in pain and anguish. Suddenly, the vice-like grip on her right hand kama gave way, then followed by her left. The tension slowly built up in her abdomen, the wounds still harshly stinging. Akali’s body had reached its limit even in the prime condition it was in, while the petite girl struggled for internal repose, her fatigued muslces and sinews could obey no more weighty commands. She panicked, tumbling into a nearby brush to collect her nerves and re-evalute. Her opponent let out a snarl and hiss in her direction before sithering off into the darkness, “Akali, we’re not through yet. It’ll be so grand to end that pathetic bloodline, but sadly for another day.”

The prospect of ending the combat was enticing, but survival seemed a better option. A heavy pained sigh escaped the trudging ninja as she leaned up against a rather large rock. Akali just stood there, becoming almost immediately aware once again of the noise of war all around her. Her body throbbed and ached for even just a few minutes of rest. The small ninja lets her kamas fall to the ground with a clatter and rests one hand on top of her tortured bladder, just now dawning on her how badly she had to go, the interference with Cassiopeia pushing off the urge. The Kinkou assassin realizes just how badly the urge is and how much of a flood her body was holding back. Past the point of rationality, she muttered to herself,

“No, no, no. The elixir from earlier!” It was all clicking now, the large blue elixir was partially the reason for the current state, but her neglect to her body was helping by no means. The Elixir of Brilliance they had called it, a liquid made from several local herbs and ingredients, unluckily enough for any magic wielders, also a robust diuretic. It was a known plague for those users, an inescapable peril that would eventually come. Any magic user knew this as a known peril, it was the cost of such temporary knowledge. Knowing the source did not make the now internal battle any easier, she had to go and she had to go now.

With an embarrassing level of clumsiness for such an agile person, Akali awkwardly fumbles w ith the beautifully patterned green cloth, trying to void herself of such a distended bladder. There was no time for her to recall to their base camp, it would take crucial time and expose her predicament to all, not to mention her failure in ending the life of the poison-slinging serpent. An inviting warmth graced the front portion of her outfit, her body now taking matters into its own control. In a last ditch effort, Akali grabs an empty potion from her belt loop and tries to position it below herself. As she attempts to position the bottle with one hand and move her outfit with the other, the tension causes her to lose focus. The bottle clumsily fumbles towards the ground, hitting the soil below, shattering. Akali silent curses to herself and her predicament.

In the concealment of night, the damp patch was nigh impossible to spot unless specifically searching for it, but it was there. A dark green reminder of the floodgates that were barely being kept closed. The numbing sensation was beginning to be drawn away, to a harsh sharp pain, her bladder begging her body to let go. Her hand insisted, holding her womanhood in attempts to keep it in to find a better location, but it was a losing argument. With a loud moan, a jetting spray of pent up pee escapes her clutches, snaking its way down her exposed leg. The warm sensation and expectation of relief tempted her pained body, just a brief glimpse into how badly she was holding it back. Akali’s legs started to shake, the burden quickly reaching a climax and uncontrollable level. In a failed attempt to spare her clothes from further saturation, the petite ninja gawkily grabs at the cloth to bring it to the side, but even the effort brings another unwanted spurt of liquid.

A soft plume of steam was filing off of the troubled girl from the contrast of the cool autumn night and the warm accident that was unfolding.

“Please! Not this! Not now!”, she whispered to herself, still concealed within the large bush. It was a plea that fell on silent ears, the golden liquid continued to slowly sneak out of her bit by bit. The one speckle sized damp spot on her outfit had grown several times its original size, further accenting her bulged bladder stretching against the fabric. The bulge was acutely noticable between her wide hips, a visual display of all of the contents that were imploring to be released.

The battle had gone on long enough. While the mortal battle with the dreaded Casseopeia had ended in short but sweet victory, retaining the full balloon of urine welled up within her small body had come to a humilitating forfeit.

Akali’s eyes promptly erupted into tears as the trickle grew into a miniature gush, “An assassin like me...”, she paused, afraid to say it out loud.

“... Just like a little girl, so pathetic.”

The ninja’s emerald eyes peered down to inspect the increasing damage of her accident, trying her best to hold back what tears had not already escaped. It was useless to pull her panties to the side at this point as the gates had been opened, the loud hiss an additional confirmation. Streaks of wet and dark material weaved around her tall green socks, another demeaning sign of her futile attempt to stop her bladder from having its way. Akali, at wit’s end, gives in and relaxes her body, letting the stream increase to full force. A humiliating sizzle eminated from the stream leaving her body so quickly, even though the fabric of her clothes. Her chest began to heave and breathing became heavier, the pressure and effort of holding on no longer having tension. The embarrassing warmth was almost welcome due to the night being rather crisp, but the condition was one she didn’t want to accept. The pent-up pee forcefully made its way out of her, the ninja now helplessly wetting herself.

Her emerald eyes watched as it snaked its way down her legs what didn’t directly go towards the ground, “Just like a brat... I’m soaked. At least no one saw.”

As if an added insult, the smell of her accident wafted to her nose, making sure to keep her in reality. The waves of urine slowly began to taper off, giving the poor now soiled girl a moment of clarity. The champion timidly steps away from the puddle on the ground below her, making sure to quickly distance herself from her accident. The small-framed girl still felt a slight pain in her body from holding back so much, another punishment for her wetting. It was something to be pushed out of her memory as soon as she could. The temperature hastily was bringing the warmth to a chilling coolness, it was time to return back before the next wave of battle swept her away. Even now, standing alone in the bush, Akali could mentally hear the torment her allies would give her. A revered killer was brought down to the level of a little girl with an accident.

Bonus League of Legends picture!: Soraka having a similar problem in bottom lane.

*002*2014-02-16 06:01

{{ 

This was awesome, and as a League of Legends player myself, it's nice to finally see something on one of the champions! :)

}}

Thank you! I thought the same thing, surprised there wasn't one already.

Not sure which champion to do a story for next? Possible suggestions?

