Desperation for a pee during plane flight - part 1

Author: RoTracksuitWet

*000*2018-03-03 17:59

NOTE! The following story is NOT real!

After three weeks of boredom, I decided to fly with the plane to New York. Because is one of the biggest cities in the world and also I would like to travel.

I put in my backpack some snacks and soda cans and my clothes in the suitcase and before to leave, I checked first to see if I forgot something. I'm also very obsessed with the checking thing. I left the house and headed to the airport. I was waiting for the people in front of me to get in the plane till I can get in too. There are a lot of people here in this plane, looks like evrybody wants to travel. I took my seat, it was a bit warm inside, so I was very thirsty afterwards. I opened a soda can and started to drink it. I was also hungry and i opened a bag of chips, they were so salty, so it makes me more thirsty.

So I opened another soda can till i felt better. But I realized i forgot to pee before I can fly. But it wasn't that bad since I didn't feel anything and also there is a toilet like in any other places but you can get up only if the fasten seatbelts isn't on and if there's no turbulence. I guess the chances are very rare, so I wasn't very worried at all. And also i realized the toilet is just 15 feet away from me. After a half an hour I finished eating and drinking and I stay relaxed in my seat.

I wanted to do a game: if the urge to pee will increase and I can't hold it anymore I will wait for another 15 minutes until is time for a pee break.

So I stayed in my seat without thinking about my urge. I looked through the window to ged rid of boredom. I started to feel a little pain in my bladder. But I didn't want to get up cause i kept going with my game. I also like to hold it or being very desperate until I feel I can't contol it and I will head to the bathroom as long as possible. For another 40 minutes I felt like that in my bladder is a half of urine. From now on I began to fidget in my seat and put my hands in my crotch and squeezing my penis. 15 minutes later, my bladder is already filled up but I kept going with my game: I will stay here for another 15 minutes until i can go to the loo.

So i hold my crotch for the rest of the time and also I started to tap my feet on the floor and tap my hands on my thighs. But guess what happened next, I heard a sound. Looks like the seatbelts sign was on. I started to worry in that moment and also because my game ''forbids'' me to go pee cause there were just 5 minutes left. So i stood up till it comes the time. I checked the plane to see if someone's coming but...... When the time was up, someone has come in front of me. It was the stewardess (female steward) and asked me:

Her: Sir, why did you get up? Please, come back to your seat.

Me: Miss, I have to pee really bad. I promise i will come back really quick and stay in my seat with the seatbelts on. Can i go?

WHAT DO YOU THINK IS HER ANSWER? THE SECOND PART IS COMING SOON!!!

