Lauren’s Travels

Author: db218

*000*2024-09-16 12:05

This next was a modification of an old story and branched out in a very different direction. Could open up another door, but I could still use ideas. Enjoy!

*Messing Content Warning: Seriously, if you don’t know by now.*

Lauren had gone a few weeks since her last episode but hadn’t forgotten how much her little adventures had turned her on. When Lauren was told by her boss that she was going on an overnight trip to a conference on the other side of the country, she felt like it was a good opportunity to make air travel a little more fun. The conference was on a Friday, so she’d start by pooping on Sunday. That way she’d be getting desperate on Thursday when she was due to fly out, likely able to have an accident before her conference the next day. If she miscalculated on the timing, she’d just poop in her pants as soon as she woke up, then immediately clean up for the conference. It was a good plan; she’d just have to see how it unfolded.

As Thursday started, Lauren was very full, her bowels containing a large load which was starting to knock on her back door. She still held it, knowing the feeling would only get more intense and arousing as the day went on. Her flight was mid-morning, which should get her across the country and to her hotel room before dinner, though she guessed it would be lunch because of the time difference. She double-checked she had packed everything, including extra underwear in her carry-on just in case. She was wearing a long dress today because it would be more comfortable to fly in, especially once her bowels started getting really full and unhappy.

As the time for her departure approached, Lauren had a pretty significant urge to poop, and realized if she left the house this way, there was likely no turning back. There was a strong possibility of people noticing her desperation, and if she lost control, there was an equally strong possibility of people watching her have an accident. Still she held it because she was turned on by the desperation, the exhibitionism, the possibility of a public accident, so she had to see this plan through.

She left for the airport a few minutes later, having peed before leaving the house. Her bowels kept pushing, but she was able to squeeze her large buttocks and hold the load inside. When she finally parked in short-term parking it was only a few minutes walking to the ticket counter where she got a boarding pass printed out, then proceeded toward security for her gates. Lauren had learned in her working life that getting the expedited screening option was a blessing, even if she had to pay for it. As a result she was through security and on her way to the gate less than 10 minutes later. The only problem was she had forgotten to empty her water bottle and had to quickly drink the whole thing in the span of a minute or so. That would catch up to her later no doubt, but she didn’t concern herself with that yet.

When she found her gate, she walked past it to the little shops at the next set of gates, buying herself a sandwich and taking an opportunity to refill her water bottle. Lauren knew she wanted to push her bowels to their breaking point, and having a meal on the flight was the best way to do that. Having completed those chores, she went back to her gate, where she had nearly an hour before boarding was supposed to start. She settled into a seat at the farthest wall from the gate desk and wasted time checking her phone until the initial announcements started over the PA system.

It was at this point that Lauren, consumed by her phone, suddenly felt her bladder was extremely full and was desperately in need of being emptied. She quickly and carefully stood up immediately crossing her legs against the urge, and realized her bowels were being unusually well behaved. She walked to the nearest bathroom trying not to look too obviously like a girl on the verge of emptying her bladder in her panties. She entered a stall after a brief wait, and emptied her bladder blissfully for nearly a minute, then returned to her gate with no further urges.

As boarding began, Lauren thanked her lucky stars that her boss had sprung for first class since the trip was very last minute with less than two weeks warning. She could have a little more space to spread out, hold her bowel movement, and quickly use a bathroom if she needed to. She got onboard when first class was called, and immediately put her carry-on in the overhead and settled into her seat. Her bowels might have been shy about flying, because she still hadn’t felt any urges for some time, although she still felt like there was a very heavy weight inside her that was going to need out sooner than later.

The aircraft left the gate quickly after boarding, with most people ignoring the usual safety brief. Lauren had an amusing thought right then, just a hypothetical really. What if the plane had an emergency landing while she was bursting to poop? How would that end? Would she be forced to poop her panties in front of 300 people? That was an interesting thought. But she pushed it out of her mind, maybe something to play out on a weekend holding scenario at a later date.

The aircraft taxied for takeoff, and Lauren was finally feeling a new urgency from her bowels as her breakfast added to the fullness. As the plane accelerated for takeoff, Lauren’s bowels kicked into high gear, and she had to clench and squeeze her big thighs together to hold back the coming load. She played it off like she was just a nervous flyer, knowing she couldn’t poop anytime soon. Still, it was becoming difficult to keep her anus closed now. The urge subsided right after the initial takeoff climb, and Lauren relaxed just a little, enjoying how full and desperate she was. This was going to be a fun flight.

Upon reaching cruise altitude the seatbelt sign was turned off, and some more nervous travelers got up and stretched, some immediately making a dash for the bathrooms, but not Lauren. She pulled out her sandwich and immediately got to work consuming it as quickly as her full bowels allowed. When she was finally done, she took some sips of water, trying her best not to make her bladder go berserk on her at 30,000 feet. After she was done, she took out a book and started reading, feeling a pretty steady pressure in her rectum reminding her she was in desperate need of a massive bowel movement.

After an hour, Lauren’s bladder was feeling a little full, but she continued to hold it, wanting to enjoy her needs a little longer. She took out a bag of snacks she’d brought along and started eating more, knowing it would come back to bite her later. She kept reading, waiting for her needs to aggressively assert themselves.

Another 45 minutes later they did, and Lauren found herself doing a mild potty dance in her seat feeling her anus opening and a large turtlehead moving, and her bladder screaming for relief. As she was about to get up to empty her bladder and fight her poop back in, another passenger jumped up and went into the bathroom, forcing Lauren to wait a little longer. It took ten desperate minutes for the other passenger to finish pooping, after which Lauren waddled to the bathroom to address her own needs. She first got her panties down, grabbed some toilet paper and quickly forced her turtlehead back into her rectum squeezing to close it, then when she felt it was in control she sat down and noisily emptied her full bladder. She felt better, but realized she was still more than 3 hours from relief of her bowels in any amount of privacy. She would need to pay more attention to her needs in order to prevent an accident the rest of the flight.

Lauren resumed her reading and snacking for another hour, at which point her bladder was starting to get full again, so she decided to only wait a little while longer before using the bathroom. In half an hour that time came, and she was shifting uncomfortably in her seat with her bladder so full. She quickly got up from her seat and walked tight legged to the bathroom to empty her bladder. She had to wait for another person to come out as she tried not to potty dance too much in the aisle. When they came out, Lauren went in, and before she could even sit down her bowels suddenly started a desperate push to unload their contents and she had to clench everything shut, standing in the bathroom unable to sit down and pee.

She danced and clenched, and realized if she didn’t sit down to pee it would flood her panties, which she couldn’t do on the floor of this bathroom. Lauren made a decision after a second of thought and hoped she was making the right call. She quickly sat down without even pulling her panties down, pushed two fingers against her turtlehead to keep it in, and tried to reach for her panties to pull them out of the way of her vagina. She missed, and before she knew it, she was peeing through her panties, unable to stop as she was physically pushing her poop back into her rectum. It took a minute, causing mild arousal, but Lauren finally finished and dried her panties as best she could, hoping they’d dry more before she had to get off the plane to get her rental car.

Lauren’s poop kept pushing, trying to come out the rest of the flight. It was becoming extremely difficult to keep her load in her bowels and out of her panties, and Lauren just hoped she could make it the rest of the way without shitting herself. As the last part of the journey started ending, Lauren felt like she had to pee again. Thankfully her wet panties and turtleheading poop hadn’t attracted any attention, so maybe she could just pee one last time before landing. With half an hour left, she was almost out of time to pee again, otherwise she’d be forced to hold her bladder and bowels all the way to the gate. As luck would have it, another woman had the same idea just then, and Lauren groaned inwardly, hoping she was just going for a quick pee and would be out in a couple minutes. Sadly, that wasn’t the case as she was in there more than five minutes before the seatbelt sign was turned back on, and Lauren was left desperate in her seat with no way to relieve herself.

As the landing approach took place, Lauren felt her bladder sending her urgent warnings that she wasn’t going to have much time left, and she could feel her bowel movement slowly inching out until the turtlehead was too far out for Lauren to suck it back in. As they touched down, Lauren was touching cloth, her poop resting firmly against the seat of her panties, only held in place by her large ass pushing into the seat. Lauren wasn’t entirely sure how she was going to make it off the plane without having an accident, but if she made it that far she decided she would just go straight to the rental car place, as the bathrooms were likely too busy, and she’d just have an accident waiting in line. The plane taxied quickly, and Lauren grabbed her bag first and bolted off the plane, nearly sprinting up the jetway to get to the rental car desk. 

When she got there, still barely holding everything inside her tortured bladder and bowels, she gave the attendant her ID, then waited for a moment as she drafted up a contract to sign, offered some quick advisements on taking care of the car, and disappeared to pull the car around. Once she left, Lauren started a pronounced potty dance, moaning with desperation as she felt her bladder pulsating and her massive load inching further into her panties. She just needed to wait until she got into the car, then she could find someplace to relieve her needs, but her body may not cooperate that long, and she knew it now. As the attendant came back with the key and pointed her to the car, Lauren felt like her bladder was going to let go any second. She was still potty dancing, and the attendant gave Lauren a knowing look as if to say, “I’ve been there too.”

Lauren waddled to the car, trying not to lose control of her bladder and bowels, but it was challenging work. She quickly came up with an idea, and put her neck pillow she never used between her ass and the seat to keep her poop from touching the seat cushion. Once that was done, she carefully lowered herself into the car and drove off the airport toward her hotel, desperate for anywhere she could use a bathroom. The hotel was ten minutes away, so she headed that direction, keeping her eye open for anywhere to squat, as she knew she would not make it to the hotel in her condition. A minute later she saw a Target parking lot. It was busy, but she had no choice, as she was about to have an accident in a rental car. She pulled in, right on the edge of an explosion from both ends.

As she pulled the car into a spot, she realized she’d be visible from nearly every direction, and multiple people would see her have an accident, but she was beyond the point of caring, she just needed to relieve her aching bladder and bowels. She carefully stepped out of the car and started clenching and dancing on the spot, and realized she’d have to squat to avoid pee getting all over the car when she sat back down. With that thought, Lauren quickly dropped into a deep squat as her bladder started exploding onto the pavement through her panties, and four days worth of shit started piling in her wet panties, nearly pulling them completely off her ass. After a little over a minute, Lauren was empty, and she gingerly sat on her pillow to avoid spreading the mess to the seat of the car.

She arrived at the hotel a few minutes later, and as she was checking in, the young assistant manager looked at her walking in as if she knew what just happened. As Lauren glanced at the young lady checking her in, she could see that this young woman had to go to the bathroom as badly as she herself had just a few minutes earlier, doing a noticeable potty dance as she struggled to get her keycards made. Lauren was quite aroused watching her potty dance, looked around for a second realizing they were alone in the lobby, and said, “You too, huh?”

“What do you mean?”

“Gotta go pretty badly?”

“Ummm, sorry, yeah… it’s kind of embarrassing, sorry you had to witness it ma’am.”

“Don’t be embarrassed, wanna know a dirty little secret?”

“What’s that?”

Lauren then did something she never could’ve pictured doing, as she briefly lifted her dress just enough to show the young lady her sagging poop-filled panties. The look of shock was something to behold as Lauren said, “I just held it from the east coast and had an accident in a parking lot a few minutes before I got here. Like I said, don’t be embarrassed.”

“That’s quite the load, you must have been really desperate.”

“Probably about as bad as you are now.”

That comment caused the young lady to squirm a little extra, and she quietly grunted out “Ugh… yeah.”

Looking at her nameplate, Lauren said, “Well, Katie, I’m Lauren, when are you off work?”

“Ummm, well I’m supposed to be already, but my relief is running late… in more ways than one.” This comment caused both Katie and Lauren to giggle.

“I have a proposal. How about you keep holding, and meet me in my room once you’re off? You’re visiting with a friend from out of town if you get my drift.”

“Ugh… oooh… yeah, that actually sounds great, as long as I can hold it long enough.”

“Well, what if I told you that you don’t have a choice?”

“Nnngh… that’s kind of fun! Okay, I’ll see you in a little bit. But only if you keep that load in your panties.”

“Whoa, that’s daring… and arousing. Okay, I’d be happy to keep my loaded panties on for you. See you shortly!”

Lauren went to the elevator then, but glanced back to see Katie catch her eye as she bobbed up and down looking increasingly desperate for a bathroom. What had she just done? That was way outside her comfort zone, and all the more arousing because of it. She went up to her room, put her bag on the rack to unload, and thought about it as she hung her work outfit. She just invited a total stranger to her room and told her she couldn’t use the bathroom when she clearly needed to. It was a turn-on, and she wanted to see how much farther she could take this game.

About ten minutes later there was a soft knock on the door, and Lauren peeked out the eyehole to see it was Katie, dancing on the spot outside her door.

“Come on in gorgeous!”

Katie blushed and said, “Thank you, I’m about to explode here!”

Katie entered Lauren’s room, and immediately resumed her potty dance. Lauren was super aroused by all of it and had to share her feelings. “I’m so glad you came up here, this is such a turn-on, watching you desperate. Can I ask the obvious question?”

“You mean what am I holding? Well, my bladder has been full all day, and I haven’t pooped in about three days. I’m absolutely at my limit and completely bursting! I seriously can’t wait much longer!”

“Well, you’re not allowed to go yet, you’ll just have to keep holding it in.”

“But I’m SO desperate!”

“Just hold it in, you clearly don’t have to go that badly yet!”

“But… UGH…please!”

“Be a good girl and hold it or I’ll start pressing on your bladder.”

“This is arousing, I love it! Thank you! Don’t stop. But now you need to show me more.”

Lauren took the hint and removed her dress all the way, revealing her curvy body in bra and panties, the latter filled with a giant load of poop, the front and back soaked with pee.

“Tell me how this happened, maybe it’ll keep me holding longer.”

Lauren proceeded through the whole story from her first accident at home all the way through today. It took almost twenty minutes to tell the whole story, at which point Katie looked like she was about to start crying with desperation. She was dancing, crossing her legs, holding herself front and back, and looked like she was about to explode.

“You must need to go pretty badly, huh?”

“YES! I need to go SO BADLY!”

“Tell me how bad everything is, and how desperate you are, and maybe I’ll let you at least save your nice pants.”

“My bladder feels like a bowling ball in my belly, and I’m going to lose it any minute, it hurts to hold now. My bowels are so full, I’m prairie dogging, and I don’t think I can stop it from coming out more!”

“I don’t know… I’m just not convinced.”

“PLEASE LAUREN! I… UGH… NEED… TO…. NNNGH! I NEED TO GO… UUUGH… NOW!! Please, please, please, don’t make me ruin my pants! Oooh, oh, uuugh, nnngh, it’s going to come out!”

“Fine, kick your shoes off, take off your pants, and follow me to the bathroom.”

Katie did as she was told with great difficulty, leaking some pee in her pants as she was struggling with the zipper. She finally waddled in a hunched over ball of desperate determination to the bathroom, and asked, “Can I please use the toilet, miss?”

“Well, you can’t use the toilet, but you can empty those loaded bowels and your bowling ball of a bladder right here if you want.” To prove the point, Lauren waddled to the toilet, the load in her panties swaying, and sat her messy ass on the toilet blocking Katie from the relief she so desperately needed. Katie moaned with the torture Lauren was putting her through, but she was at her wits end and could not hold it any longer. 

She danced for a second, then her bladder started flooding her panties onto the floor, and her bowels rapidly exploded with three days of shit weighing her soaked panties down further. Katie was finally empty, and nearly came on the spot. She and Lauren promptly laid on the tile floor together and orgasmed in their ruined panties. They stayed in their messy panties talking for a while, exchanged phone numbers, and a friendship quickly formed between the two young women with loaded panties. Katie even got to hear Lauren’s proposed holding scenario with an airplane emergency landing while she was bursting to poop and thought they could maybe try it together sometime. Katie finally put her pants back on over her messy panties and drove home, and she texted Lauren about the cleanup, which favor Lauren returned.

As always, please let me know any ideas you have for new directions in this series.

*002*2024-09-17 15:27

Thanks! More coming on this line, but I need more ideas.

