A couple of free books for you all to say thanks for the lovely comments!

Author: misslunaswift

*000*2013-11-12 17:44

As you've all left me such lovely compliments since I joined here I've set up a promotion on amazon for you.

You can get Desperate At The Museum

- free for the next four days.

If anyone wants a guide to publishing their stories on amazon my guide to self publishing

- is also free for the next four days.

Hope you enjoy them!

Luna

PS If you don't have a kindle you can get the kindle app for your phone or tablet from here.

*003*2013-11-12 18:55

{{:

Thank you, you are an excellent author! BTW, you can also download Kindle for the PC.

}}

Thanks, I'm happy you like my work! And I forgot you could download the kindle for the PC too!

{{:

Thanks for sharing the story. It was really hot and I really enjoyed it.

}}

Glad you enjoyed it. To all who do download if you have time I'd appreciate anyone who wants to leave a review on amazon for future readers to let them know what you think! Many thanks in advance to anyone who leaves a review!

*004*2013-11-13 13:19

My guide to getting published is now number three in the top hundred authorship books on amazon, my thanks to all who downloaded it! Desperate at the museum

Is #87 in erotica and free for 3 more days!

*006*2013-11-14 22:47

{{:

Why aren't they allowed in europe :(

}}

They are but the links may have been for the American site. In the UK its this page for the publishing guide and this page for Desperate at the museum. A new book is in the process of uploading, a more traditional romantic erotic fiction, called Day and Knight. Keep an eye out for it. The link to the rest of Europe should be accessible from the UK page. Enjoy!

*008*2013-11-17 22:53

Sorry you missed it, amazon will only let me do five free days every 90 as a self publisher, they're only 99c or 77p to buy though so not too expensive!

*010*2013-12-18 14:46

{{:

Thanks for the freebie, I really appreciate it.

}}

You're welcome. Hope you enjoyed reading!

