The Iron Queen - Page 7

Author: Pain

*121*2019-07-07 18:16

{{On 7/2/2019 at 1:48 AM, huberp76 said:

Great story!

I like what you write and i like the way how you write it. The boys gets aroused just to know that the girls did not pee for so long, to know that the girls are needing to go for so long and that they still has to wait hours for hours. "The girls putting off their need to piss for so long. Their bladders would just have to stretch a little more. Katherine said to Mord that they need to use the chamber pot, because they really need to.. and he did answer " that can wait". Really great to say to a girl who is full to burst, who is needing to wee more that anything else in the world, that she can wait.

}}

Thank you so much, huberp76! It means a lot!

{{On 7/2/2019 at 1:53 AM, huberp76 said:

Yes the king should not allowed the girls to pee outside, the girls should have to hold it until they reach back. The boys would love that.

}}

I really appreciate your suggestion, my friend, I'll try to incorporate it in one of the future chapters. And once again thank you so much for reading!

{{On 7/3/2019 at 6:33 AM, call3x said:

I love the way you're writing this story,,, the last chapter was so amazing i re-read it a lot! can't wait for charlotte to finally relieve herself i know it's gonna be legendary

}}

Thank you so much, call3x! It really means a lot to me if I know that I've made at least one reader happy! Thank you so much for your valuable comment! I promise to post the next chapter as soon as I can!

{{On 7/4/2019 at 11:17 AM, JTeam_ said:

Holy SHIT

This story is incredible

}}

Thank you so much, JTeam! It really means a lot to me! Thank you so much for leaving a comment.

*123*2019-07-21 04:16

{{On 7/18/2019 at 9:16 PM, [X] Doubt said:

I’ve been reading this fan fic before I made an account on this website and I must say @Pain

, you’re very good story writer. There isn’t many fan fics that I read through, but this one is one of the rare occasions. Thanks for giving me a reason to procrastinate

}}

Thank you so much! I'm glad you like it.

*127*2019-08-13 16:04

{{On 8/10/2019 at 8:03 AM, Mistress26 said:

Me too

}}

{{On 8/8/2019 at 1:09 AM, frogger4y said:

Will there be any more of ths story? I hope it will

}}

I wish I had an answer to this but the future of this tale is looking uncertain to me right now. I barely have the time to write after work and moreover I am begining to loose motivation to write. I don't know when I'd find it in myself to finish this story.

$$

*137*2020-04-03 03:47

{{On 4/1/2020 at 10:21 PM, Rexone_312 said:

@Pain

, here's a gift for your wonderful story...

I hope you and everyone here likes it.

}}

Goodness gracious! I am not lying when I say I am short for words. This picture is pure fantasy made into reality. I love how the Queen looks so panicky in this! Loved it! Thank you so much @Rexone_312

! You are a champ!

And also may I say, that your art has come a long way my dear friend! I am still surprised that you have come to such a level from where you started! Bravo! Keep up the good work friend! You are really talented! Thank you so much once gain for making this.

*140*2020-04-04 18:23

{{On 4/3/2020 at 4:25 PM, omorashi_jones said:

I happened to see @Rexone_312

It's hot art on twitter, which lead me to this story. I spent my evening curled up on the couch with a ginger ale, reading chapter after chapter of intriguing slow-build desperation. There's so much that I like about this story. I love the naughty little games the characters play; the power dynamics at play here are very intriguing. Eroticism aside, the medieval setting is very fun. Your descriptions of great, sumptuous feasts and exotic marketplaces made me wish I was there.

The queen herself is a great protagonist. She's so sexy, but she's also complex. I appreciate her balance of strengths and flaws. She loves her children, she always tries to do right by her kingdom and set a good example, and she carries herself with grace. She's witty, articulate, and charming. However, she's also prideful and stubborn to a fault. The cracks start to show the more desperate she gets, and she starts to let her nerves get the better of her. One particular scene I enjoyed was when she berates Elizabeth for having an accident (which she practically forced her to have).

Even though she cares for the girl, Elizabeth is the only person she can take her frustration out on due to the power dynamics at play. Of course, this just makes the queen's continued bladder torture feel more deserved. Even though Charlotte got herself into this situation, and even though her pride continues to keep her there, I still find myself rooting for her. I'm completely captivated by this beautiful, strong, foolish, iron queen.

}}

Thank you! I am glad you like it! It means a lot to me!

