Delia Ketchum's Desperation

Author: Pain

*000*2015-08-07 19:14

Well, I wanted someone to write a Delia Ketchum omorashi story for me, so the wonderful SashaButters took up my request and came up with an incredible story in a very short span of time. I would like to thank Sasha for fulfilling my request. She is an amazing writer and I loved every bit of her work, so much that it inspired me to write my own Delia Ketchum story. Both the stories are evidently distinct, with only the basic outline being similar. Well, here it is.

I hope you all like it. Enjoy!

###

It was another hectic day at The Pallet House. Everyone was busy enjoying their meal while Delia Ketchum made sure each customer was taken care of and their demands met. She loved days like this. There were always plenty of customers to keep her occupied and more tips would flow in than usual on crowded days like this one. Not to mention, this also meant a higher profit earning ratio for her business.

It had been a few hours since Delia had opened the restaurant and she noticed that it was already jam-packed. It was so busy, many customers had to wait outside to get a table and it was taking almost half an hour to serve those people who had already placed orders.

Delia finished drinking a one-liter bottle of water she had started a while ago just before she went to a table. By the time she got done taking the order from the family of four at the table, a guy from another table asked her for a cup of tea.

After 20-30 minutes or so, Delia had made the rounds to all the tables, making sure not one customer was left unattended. It was at this point that her bladder started to send its first signals to her that it was getting full and needed to be emptied. This was nothing out of the usual for Delia. She had always been confident in her above average bladder capacity and had only felt desperate to pee once before while on the job.

The orders of sushi and rice were coming in at an astounding rate, so Delia had plenty to do to keep her mind off her rapidly filling bladder.

After another thirty minutes, Delia's bladder was starting to become urgently full. It had now been a little bit more than an hour since she finished one liter of water, and she must have drank at least four cups of creamed cold-coffee and a tall iced tea along the way to keep herself charged up for the rush. All that liquid was going right through her, and she knew that she would have to get to the bathroom soon. She was momentarily frustrated with herself for drinking an entire liter of water without thinking to go to the bathroom first.

"Can I get a bowl of rice over here?" requested a customer at table #17.

"I'll be right there," answered Delia. She went over to the table and asked if they wanted anything else with it. Delia's bladder suddenly contracted, forcing her to squeeze her thighs together for the first time. Luckily, no one saw her, at least not at the table she was attending to at the moment. As she finished taking the customer's order, she briskly walked back to the counter.

Upon her return to the table, she glanced in the direction of the toilets to see what the situation was like over there. The line was coming out the door for the ladies' room, and there was only a single stall, which meant that there was a pretty good wait for anyone who wasn't at least inside the bathroom. She finally gave the customer his rice bowl, and the group at table #19 decided to order another plate of sushi, three bowls of rice, and a couple of orders of Kobe beef. Delia was attending to all twenty tables at once and she knew she needed to constantly keep a check upon the rate at which the orders flew out of the kitchen to make sure no customer had to wait too long for their order. Her expertise and attentiveness not only made her very efficient , but the customers didn't mind to put up a small chat whenever she came along to their table, after all, everybody from the town knew Delia pretty well.

The orders for table number #6 were lined up and ready to be served.

Just as Delia collected the orders on her tray to take it to the customers, her bladder sent another wave of pressure over her. The pain of containing her pee was now starting to become a constant, and increasingly greater presence in Delia's mind. She placed the three bowls of ramen on the tray, holding it firmly with both her hands. This was the first trip of the day in which Delia had reached the point of walking very carefully out of fear of losing bladder control.

Delia finally reached the table, immediately squeezing her thighs together once again. As she leaned down towards the table, the first couple of drops escaped her clenched sphincter and soaked into her pink panties. Delia gasped, rushing the bowl of ramen in her right hand down, spilling some of it onto the table. Now that her right hand was free, she grabbed the edge of the table to lean on it so that she could cross her legs as quickly as she could. This momentarily allowed her to regain control on her bladder, and only one more drop managed to leak into her underwear.

One of the customers at the table noticed that Delia was displaying signs of distress. "Are you ok?"

Delia "I'm fine, thank you." She was doing her best to play it off.

Man: "Oh, ok. It looks like you need to go to the bathroom or something, that's all."

Delia: "Don't worry, I'm ok."

Delia couldn't be farther from ok. She had lost three drops into her panties, and the pain in her bladder was not easing up at all. As she left the table, she did her best to walk with a normal, confident stride, but she couldn't make it more than half way back to the counter without giving her crotch a couple of good squeezes. By the time she was all the way back to the counter, she grabbed her crotch as tightly as she could.

From the counter, Delia could see the line to the ladies' room. It was still as long as before, maybe even a little bit longer.

Delia couldn’t believe the kind of rush her small restaurant was witnessing that day. As soon as a table was vacated, another group would occupy it.

Taking orders and serving food, Delia couldn’t even afford to take a moment to relax, let alone join the line for the ladies’ toilet.

She rubbed her thighs standing behind the counter as she fed the amount into the computer and prepared the bill for table #10.

Two hours into Delia's shift, she went into the kitchen to see if her Mr. Mime needed any help with the cooking, after all, how much could you expect from a single Pokémon to handle at once?

“Oh Mimey, I have to go to the bathroom so bad, and there is a never ending line at the ladies’, I don’t know what I’m gonna do?” Mrs. Ketchum said, holding her forehead for moment, a clear sign that she was feeling stressed about her need to pee. “Anyways, is there anything I can help you with?” she asked, standing there with her legs crossed.

“Mr. Mime!” replied the overwhelmed Pokémon,hastily trying to cook several dishes all at once.

After she made sure Mr. Mime could handle the task on his own, Delia walked back outside towards where the guests were seated.

Once she took a quick round to see if anyone needed anything she came back to the counter to stand with her legs crossed behind it.

“The food was amazing as always, Delia! Your restaurant is the best place to have a meal in the whole of Pallet town!” said a woman, heading towards the counter to get her bill done.

“Well thank you!” Mrs. Ketchum responded thoughtlessly, pressing the keys to get the bill done while crossing her legs.

“Are you alright? You seem unwell?” the woman asked with a hint of concern in her voice.

“Oh, it’s nothing, I just have to pee pretty badly.”

“Oh, I see. I hope you get to go soon..."

“I hope so too, I'm so desperate...I feel like I'm going to burst into my panties!" Delia said, handing over the bill to the woman.

As time passed, Delia’s need to empty herself reached to the point where she needed to hold her sphincters tightly shut all the time. Any relaxation at this point could have led to a loss of control which she certainly didn’t want.

"Try not to think about it so much. I know that's not easy right now, but I have to hold it in if I’m going to make it through this shift without any accidents,” she told herself.

Delia had a frantic look in her eyes. She was constantly shifting her weight from foot to foot now. She had a hand buried between her legs for five seconds before carefully removing it and showing some semblance of regained control. She had already scurried to take the bowls of rice, sushi, and a chicken breast table #12 had ordered earlier.

"Here it is, guys. Sorry it took a little longer than usual to get it out," Delia said.

"Oh no, it’s not an issue. It doesn’t matter if we have to wait a bit to have the best food in Pallet town!” one of the customers at table #12 said.

"Thanks, I’m glad you are enjoying yourself." Delia's voice was noticeably strained as she said this, and she was crossing her legs and bouncing her knees a little bit.

"Are you alright? You look tense," a guy at the table asked.

"Oh, it’s nothing, I just haven't had a break, and I have to go pee."

"Oh!" the guy nodded.

"I need to get to the next table, so just let me know if you need anything else," Delia said, forcing a smile.

Delia barely made it away from the table without leaking any further. Her bladder was throbbing, and it was taking every ounce of focus and strength she had to contain the endless flow of pee entering her tired bladder. As she arrived at another table, Delia lost a quick squirt into her panties, leaving a wet spot on the crotch of her panties, 2 inches in diameter.

"Oh no! I'm starting to wet myself like a little girl," Delia gasped under her breath.

"Do you know when our order will be ready?"

"No, but let me go check on that for you. I'll be right back," she said.

Delia frantically walked away with her thighs squeezed as tightly together as walking would allow her.

Most people there knew that it was a stressful job to serve a restaurant full of costumers but Mrs. Ketchum looked like she was on vibration mode. Everyone could notice her shivering body and pale face. None of them had ever seen her like this before. The always calm and smiling Mrs. Ketchum looked pretty anxious today. They thought, maybe attending to so many people at once was coming down a little hard on her and she desperately needed a break to sit down for a while.

Delia made it back to the counter, but not before losing another squirt into her panties. This time, her pee hole didn't close as quickly, resulting in an additional 1 inch to the diameter of her wet spot. A few drops sneaked their way down her thighs and some even fell to the ground.

"Oh God, I'm starting to pee in my panties! I have to get to the bathroom, NOW!!" Delia gasped , her eyes widening in horror, but there was a long line for the ladies' toilet and Delia was not in a position to wait that long.

“I can't hold it anymore!! I need to find somewhere to pee before my bladder bursts!"

She was now in a full pee-pee dance. Her hand was between her legs, and her thighs were squeezed tightly around her hand to help her apply desperately needed pressure to her pee hole. Suddenly, the customer from table #5 called to her.

"Mrs. Ketchum, could you get another plate of sushi for my table, please?" he asked.

"You got it!" Delia said.

As she hurriedly and frantically went in to get the plate of sushi ready, she was forced to take her hands out of her crotch. This made her pee hole sting, and the pressure was as intense as she had ever felt it. Her tightly clenched butt was the proof of the fact that just how much effort she was making to hold her pee in. She somehow willed herself back to table without leaking anymore of her urine into her underwear.

"Here you go, sir," Delia said.

"Mrs. Ketchum, are you okay? You don’t look well,” the man asked.

"I can't believe I got so busy. I haven't had a break and I really gotta go pee," Delia responded.

“Looks like you really need go, I hope you get some time to use the loos,” the man said.

“Yeah thanks… let me know if you want something else, okay?” Delia said before she left the table desperately in her nether region. Her bladder was so full that she wasn’t even able to stand straight, let alone walk. Her left hand was now buried inside her crotch, pushing the front panel of her skirt inwards and applying pressure directly to her aching, stinging sphincters.

Mr. Mime was quickly lining up orders at the counter, but Delia's bladder was so close to exploding that she handed off that duty to poor Mimey himself. Although being burdened with work, Mimey somehow managed to deliver the food to the customers, but Delia knew this cannot go on forever.

She had to take charge of her duties in the restaurant and she couldn’t afford to distract Mimey from his actual work as the chef.

Delia could feel her pee hole pulsating now. She was going out of her mind wanting to take a massive piss but she was stuck in this restaurant, serving customers. She didn’t know how much longer she could hold it before she had an accident.

Delia somehow braved herself to serve table #6 with their order. Once she collected the plates and food on her tray, she put the tray on the counter and crossed her legs once again. She had her right hand jammed inside her crotch as a final desperate measure to contain the overwhelming pressure she felt between her legs. Her thighs were sore, and her bladder was seconds away from giving up. Her legs were trembling with the sheer pressure that she was trying to contain in her bladder. God, she was dying to pee.

But there was still a never ending line for the loo and she absolutely was not in a position to wait that long. Her only chance was to run home to relieve herself.

Suddenly, another small jet of urine escaped into her panties, time was slipping out of her hands. There was no way she could hold it much longer, she really, really needed to pee somewhere, RIGHT NOW!! But what about the costumers? Who would attend them? Well there was no time to think about that. She needed to act quickly or else she would wet herself.

She quickly walked back into the kitchen, “Mimey, I am going back home to use the bathroom, my bladder is about to explode!” Delia gasped as she removed her apron and threw it aside carelessly, “Take care of the customers! I’ll be back soon!”, she rushed out even before completing her sentence.

“Mr. Mime!” the Pokémon raised his hand and nodded his head in affirmation.

Delia walked out of the restaurant, holding her crotch as tightly as she could. Her home was just a five minute walk away and she tried to hurry, but her awfully swollen bladder just could not allow her to walk any faster than she already was.

On her way back home, she came across several bushes that tempted her to get behind one of them and let it all out, but she erased the idea from her mind immediately. She was a respected and dignified woman and she wasn’t going to relieve herself out in the open like animals. She’d have to wait until she made it home ,no matter what.

She continued to take quick baby steps towards her home, moaning irregularly as each step sent waves of agony across her excruciatingly full bladder.

Finally there, Delia limped her way towards the front door. God, she was so desperate to pee!

Her posture told of her need to hurry! She was practically on the verge of wetting her clothes.

She quickly slid the key inside the lock and turned it open. Finally, Delia was just a few feet away from the bathroom and the explosive relief that she had needed for so long.

But as soon as she slid the door open and placed her first step inside, her ears met someone’s loud voice, “Surprise!” ,startling the day lights out of her.

Delia stopped cold and stared stupidly at Ash, her 10 year old son, standing there with his arms outstretched in glee.

Her eyes widened as another small but thick jet of pee spurted out of her. By now, Delia's panties had soaked up all they could and this time, the squirt went right through her panties and a few drops fell to the ground. Delia however, was able to stop the flow before it got completely out of control.

“A- Ash?! What are you doing here?” Delia asked, her fists clenched firm and thighs pressed tightly together. She was using every ounce of strength left inside her body to hold back the massive flood of urine inside her skirt. And she certainly didn’t have the time to stand there and talk with her son when her piss was just a hair breadth away from the exit, ready to pour out uncontrollably.

“Well, I just thought to- - ” was all Ash could say before Delia shoved him out of the way, and rushed towards the toilet ,grabbing her crotch.

But unfortunately, her body had reached its limit by then. She bent double, holding her right knee as some more urine made its way out.

“Oh no!… Oh no!…. No! No! No! Please, not now! Please!” Delia cried out, her cheeks flushed red with embarrassment as she felt her pee hole opening. Her body froze in horror as she put every bit of strength in each fiber of her body to keep her pee hole shut, but she failed.

A small rivulet of urine began to leak out, falling to the marbled floor from the rear hem of her skirt.

Ash’s eyes widened in shock when he saw this. He couldn’t believe what he was seeing, this was certainly not the kind of welcome that he was expecting. And before he could say or do anything, the small stream coming out from his mother’s skirt turned into a waterfall.

Delia’s body had completely given out. She was having an accident.

She covered her face as urine began rushing out of her involuntarily with incredible pressure and speed, soaking her skirt and panties.

She had unleashed a streaming jet of pee, which made a loud splattering noise as it hit the floor beneath her feet.

Ash stood thunderstruck, listening to his panting mother as she wet herself in front of him.

The torrent sprayed out of her like a broken pipe. The multiple jets of urine, some sliding down her legs, made a pattering sound as they formed a vast puddle on the ground.

Delia began to cry, caught in between a feeling of humiliation but also great relief.

Delia continued peeing for ages; even she was amazed by how much liquid there was inside of her!

Every time she thought the flow might recede, a new stream surprised her. The puddle had now grown to an impressive size, covering a large portion of the room floor.

She just went on peeing and peeing and peeing, making Ash wonder how her bladder must have held this much. He was shocked to see the quantity was pouring out of his mother. He just couldn’t imagine how long she must have been holding it to have an accident that size.

Delia kept crying with her face covered as she went on relieving herself on the floor of her house. She couldn’t bear to look anymore, it was too humiliating. She kept crying and crying, wishing and pleading for the spectacle to end. Finally, the waterfall turned into a river and then to a trickle until at last Delia was completely empty.

With all her strength gone, Delia slumped down into the enormous warm, golden pool, further soaking her skirt. However, warm wetness still moistened her cheeks as she sat there crying her eyes out, looking at that moment helplessly. She couldn’t believe what she had just done. She had wet herself! And that too in front of her own son! She couldn’t even wait until she got to the toilet! Delia had never felt more disgusted at herself in her whole life.

Ash was surprised to see the size of the puddle. It was huge. He hadn’t imagined his mom had needed to go that badly. He felt so intrusive for having seen such an uncomfortable event.

“Mom? Ash said, stepping on the puddle of urine as he walked closer to his mother.

“I’m sorry mom,” Ash said soothingly, rubbing her back. Delia kept sobbing with her face covered. She didn’t have the courage to face her son after this.

“Don’t be sad, mom. It happens to everybody.”

“But it’s not supposed to happen! I left work to come home and use the bathroom and look what I did!” she said, removing her hands to reveal her face flooded with tears.

“But it’s not your fault mom! There is a limit to how long one can wait,” Ash said, “ And you know what? I am pretty sure you kept attending to the customers even when you had to go this bad. This just shows how dedicated you are to your work…and I am proud of you for that! ”he continued looking into his mother’s eyes.

Delia couldn’t respond. She wanted nothing more than to dissolve in her own urine and tears.

"It's okay mom, it was just an accident..."

"B-But..."

"It doesn't even matter, it was just an accident. It happened, so what? It doesn't really bother me... and it shouldn't bother you either... You are the most loving and strong person I know and I am really grateful to have you as a mother. A mere accident doesn't change anything mom, at least not for me... "

Ash was obviously trying to make her feel better, so Delia decided not to give him too hard a time.

And for some reason, seeing Ash smiling at her with that optimistic enthusiasm seemed to dry her tears right off, so she gave the boy a weak, but genuine smile of her own.

He held her shoulder and continued to softly rub her back.

“Why don’t you go get a shower?” Ash suggested.

“Hmm..” Delia nodded in agreement before she slowly got up from the floor, numerous drops of pee dripping off her skirt , “ But please don’t tell about this to anyone... okay?” Delia pleaded.

“Sure mom..”

Delia felt grateful that although she did have an accident, at least it had happened in front of her son.

Maybe she had underestimated Ash. Despite being a ten year old, he was quite mature and understanding.

Ash ran in and came back with a dark-blue towel. He gave it to Delia, who wrapped it around her waist to conceal her wet skirt.

“Thank you” she said, before she walked towards her room. After throwing her wet clothes into the laundry, Delia took a long shower. All the soap and hot water in the world couldn’t wash away the disgusting feeling of wetting herself in front of her son.

Back in her room, Delia put on some dry clothes, ready to leave for work. Her bladder and pee hole felt sore from the battle she waged against the ocean of urine that she had contained for so long.

Just then, she heard a soft knock on the door.

“Can I come in, mom?”

Delia walked across the room and opened the door.

“Are you going back to work mom?” Ash asked, looking at her clothes.

“Yes.”

“Well you don’t have to,” he said, holding Delia’s arms to direct her towards the bed,“You must be exhausted after all that, I want you to take an off for the rest of the day,” he said as he at her down.

“But-”

“Don’t worry, I’ll go in as your replacement, you just relax…”

“Are you sure?”

“Yes, absolutely..”

“O-Okay...,” Delia said with a meek smile, “I wasn’t expecting to see you here though. I thought you were travelling?”

“I know mom, I just came along to surprise you but all what happened was really unexpected..”

“I know..” Delia looked to the floor.

“Well, let bygones be bygones .Rest for a while mom, I’ll take care of things for you,” Ash said as he stood up from the bed and began walking towards the door, “…and just to remind you mom”, he said, turning back, “I love you…”

For the first time in hours, Delia smiled. “I love you too, honey.”

Ash came back to hug his mom before he took his leave, “Take some rest mom, you deserve it.”

And with a sense of satisfaction far greater than she could have imagined, Delia laid down on the bed, closed her eyes and went to sleep.

*003*2015-08-08 07:51

{{:

That was very good

}}

Thank you so much Minervafan110, you have been so kind to comment on my stories! I really appreciate it.

{{:

It was good! So much more detailed of the actual desperation and wetting! Writing a story from a picture was a good idea. It would be fun to have different people write stories on the same picture and see what everyone comes up with.

}}

Thank you SashaButters!

