They just couldn't hold it

Author: loppylollypop27

*000*2013-01-26 23:11

I haven't posted in a while and I'm still relatively new to this.....but here goes nothing! Let me know if you like it!

It was a Friday night and Lilly was planning on going out with her girlfriends to have a girls night. She had been looking forward to it for a while now. The plan was to meet at her place and head out form there to a local club. At roughly 6:00 the friend she invited came. "hey guys!" Lilly said welcoming them into her apartment. "I haven't decided what to wear yet, can you guys help me pick?" she asked. "Sure" replied Laura her best friend, they proceeded to her room.

After a while they had picked out almost her whole outfit except one thing. " What underwear should I wear?" asked Lilly. "I dare you to not wear any" said Laura. Lilly thought for a minute, "OK but only if we both don't wear any" Lilly said. "OK deal" said Laura already sliding her black thong down her legs revealing only for a second her shaved vagina. Lilly pulled off her white lace thong. They headed out for a night full of dancing and drinking. When they arrived at the club the parking lot was full so they had to park a couple blocks away. After hours of drinking and dancing the agreed to leave. No sooner did Lilly leave the club when she noticed she actually also needed to pee really badly.

"Do you know where a bathroom is?' asked Lilly grabbing her crotch. "I don't know but I need to pee too" said Laura who had already been holding herself for half an hour. "I am feeling a little aroused" Laura said with a naughty smile. "Yeah me too" said Lilly "Why don't we both squat and pee out here and we can watch each other,here's a alley no strangers will see us here".

"Sounds sexy" said Laura. They both walked into the dark alleyway. "you know we could do something naughty" said Laura. "Like what?" asked Lilly impatiently holding herself. "I could pee on your vagina while you pee on mine" said Laura. "Well... OK" said Lilly sheepishly "but it would be between us girls only".

"Of course" she said. Lilly and Laura both squatted down across from each other and lifted up their dresses, hot pee began to squirt from both of their urethras soaking each others exposed vaginas and the tops of their dresses. Multiple thin ribbons of golden liquid spewed from Lilly's vagina hitting Laura's face and vagina. They moaned with pleasure Lilly moving closer and bending down letting the Laura's hot pee soak her boobs and the top section of her black strapless dress. The hot pee sprayed toward the ground hitting it hard sending small droplets of pee all over their moist legs. Laura moved in more until their vaginas touched sending the pee spraying everywhere even hitting the brick wall that surrounded them.On the pavement beneath was a very large puddle of a mixture of their pee. After a while their gushing torrents of pee slowed to trickles and the cleaned themselves off and left thoroughly satisfied.

*002*2013-01-28 13:04

I don't know how I would get pictures, I guess I could try to draw them......

*004*2013-01-29 02:43

Thanks for the feedback :) I'll take what you said into account when I work on a different post

