Desperate Meet-Chapter Two

Author: Guest Aaaaaa

*000*2015-06-04 23:24

As Hannah jumped into the pool to warm up for the meet, she realized how lucky she was not to wet herself. The last time she had wet herself was four years ago in seventh grade and it had been a very embarrassing experience. She was on a field trip to a theme park and bought a 32 ounce coke and quickly drank it all so she got a refill. By the time she was halfway done with it, she and a couple of friends got in line for a roller coaster. She kinda had to go when they got in but she figured she could hold it. She absent mindedly sipped on the cole while she waited. That ended up being a HUGE mistake because as they were halfway through the line she REALLY had to go. She was squirming all over the place and crossing her legs.

When her friends asked if she was ok she said she was fine and just a little uncomfortable from the heat and her tight short Jean skirt. By the time they had their turn to go she was absolutely bursting and was thinking she would be able to hold it in with her hands but she was very wrong. The seatbelt device and seat made that impossible because the seat deprecated her legs and the protector that went over her shoulders kept her hands restrained. When the ride began the belt pushed into her bladder and she quickly lost control. The experience had been humiliating because they had to stop the ride to clean it once she got off. Lots of people were pointing and laughing at her. Ever since that happened she vowed to never lose control again.

Unfortunately for her, as the warmup need she already had to go fairly badly. Probably a four on a scale of one to ten. She want bursting, but had she been sitting in class and needed to go this badly she would have definitely asked to use the bathroom.

" You can't be serious! How do I have to go already!" She said to herself

Although she REALLY wanted to quickly empty her bladder, she didn't have time because her two hundred freestyle relay was the first race of the meet followed by the one hundred freestyle which she was also swimming in. She knew that it would have to hold it for at least twenty five more minutes because the hundred freestyle was SO long because so many people swam in it and she was in the second to last heat.

As her team took their places to start the relay Hannah had to cross and uncross her legs to keep her bladder in check. When they were the next to swim, she felt her desperation increase from a four to a six so when she pretended to be adjusting her suit around her pussy, she really was pushing a finger up her pee-hole to ease the pressure for a quick bit.

Her team started the race. She was swimming third. She REALLY had to go now but was not showing any outward signs except crossing her legs while she stood. She really wanted to break into a pee dance because she knew that she would be able to hold it long enough if she did, but she did not want to humiliate herself.

As she stepped onto the block to dive in she winced in agony as he squished her aching bladder.

"This hurts SOOOO BAD!" She thought to herself. She tried to pee while she swam but it was impossible to start while she was moving. It was however possible for her desperation to go from a seven to a nine while she was in the water. Partly from the cold, partly for the pressure of the water.

As she got out after her team finished, she had to dry off and quickly go into line for her next race. She had to go SOOOO badly and was now forced to grab her crotch with one hand while her legs were crossed. She didn't notice anyone looking at her, so she decided to keep it up until right before her race. There were three heats to go before hers, and she was VERY worried that she would lose control.

" This hurts sooo bad! I really can't hold it much longer!" she thought. "If this race doesn't hurry up I'm SO gonna wet myself"

As the next heat started, Hannah pushed a hand deeper into her pussy and

Just prayed that she wouldn't lose control.

To be continued

*004*2015-06-16 20:01

Ok here is chapter three:

Hannah had never had a fully grown elephant jumping rope on her bladder after she had been holding it for two hours, but as the first of two heats before hers began to swim, she figured that she had pretty much experienced it. The last few heats were always faster than the first ones, but Hannah bladder was so swollen that she almost looked five months pregnant at this point. The only thing keeping her throbbing pussy from releasing what felt like ten gallons of fluid was the hand that she had dug in. Most people seemed to be watching the race so she didn't think that anyone was watching her, which was good because if anyone were to see her, they would know in a moment that she needed to pee REALLY REALLY bad.

There was now only one heat to go before Hanna's, and it couldn't start any sooner. She was bent over with both of her legs crossed, one hand grabbing her crotch, and the other on her ass trying to plug her pussy. Her movements made it very easy to realize that she had to pee, which did not go unnoticed by her friend from another school standing behind her who was next to race.

" Hey Hannah are you ok?" She asked

She immediately took her hands away and stood up straight and said, " Of course, why do you ask?"

"Well you are grabbing your crotch and your ass and crossing your legs. It kinda looks like you have to pee!" She said laughing.

" What! No I don't! This suit just feels really tight around my va-, well, you know where!"

" Oh ok I gotcha. I just thought that you had to go because you're always bursting to whenever we hang out haha!"

" That is SOO not true!" Hannah responded defensively, but when she did, she was saved from a very awkward conversation because it was finally her turn to swim. When she took her position on the block, bending over squeezed her bladder so much that she couldn't fully bend over. She was worried that she would shoot out a gusher on her friend while she was waiting behind her. That would be humiliating!

"Ok Hannah just swim really fast, and you can go to the bathroom when you're done! Just like two more minutes!" She thought

As she dove in and hit the water she felt a quick surge of pressure on her bladder. As she did her first flip turn she felt her bladder crush. It hurt her SOO BADLY! She did it again on the other side and it felt even worse the next time she did. When she did it the third time she truly thought that her bladder would explode inside of her. She was swimming as fast as she could so she coils just run to the bathroom and release her massive flood. She could literally feel her pussy quivering while she swam. He suit felt so tight right now that she was sure that she had a cameltoe. She didn't even care about it anymore, she just wanted to go!

When she finished her race she didn't even realize that she swam so fast that she had qualified for state! She also didn't realize that five of her friends on the team were running at her while she was running for the bathroom. They all met her and all hugged her very tightly, she squatted down a little and tried to squirm around just to hold it in. Unfortunately, her friends were not letting go.

"Hannah that was amazing! I've never seen you swim so fast!" Said one girl

" you were flying! I didn't know you were that fats!" Said another.

" Thanks guys, now can we finish this in a sec I really have to-"

She didn't have time to finish. Her friends were all hugging her tighter and chanting her name. She just couldn't hold it anymore. Two of them were pressing against her weak little bladder and her lips were twitching in desperation. She just couldn't hold it anymore. It all just shot out of her puss and all over her suit. She couldn't believe it. She hadn't done this in years! It was going to ruin such an awesome moment for her. She was ready for her friends to start teasing her. But, as they let go of her and the stream stopped, they weren't. None of them said anything. Was it possible that they hadn't noticed? Did they think it was just from the pool? That must have been that case, an she was forever grateful.

"Hannah come here!" Said Kaiti, a girl that she was swimming the 400 free relay with in about half an hour.

" What's up?" asked Hannah, trying her best to act like nothing had happened.

" Here, we're all taking these nuclear energy drinks before the race so we can swim faster. It'l give us TONS of energy. They're absolutely loaded with caffeine!"

Hannah looked at the can of the drink that was twice the size of a coke. She looked at the back and saw that it had the equivalent of three cups of coffee in caffeine. She knew that if she drank this there was NO way that she wouldn't have to pee in about fifteen minutes. Thinking that this was a recipe for disaster for her she just said,

" Oh no that's ok, I'll be fine! There is a ton of caffeine in this, that can't be good for you."

But Kaiti wouldn't let up, " It's fine! It just like having three comes or something. Worst case scenario you might have to pee a little. What's the problem?"

" Ok ok I guess you're right. It can't be that bad." Hannah said as she reluctantly drank it up. She could already feel it running through her stomach and knew that she would need to make sure that she peed before she raced, because if she didn't, she wouldn't be as lucky as earlier.

To be continued

