A Whole New Discovery

Author: Gemmy

*000*2014-10-16 12:06

Hey guys, I posted a story the other day called “The Broken Breathalyser”. It was only supposed to be a one off story, however I had a request asking if I could do a sequel with the girl from the story. So here is the sequel, if you haven't read the first one yet you should - https://omorashi.org/topic/22988-the-broken-breathalyser/

- this story will make more sense if you do :)

A Whole New Discovery

*tick...tick...tick...tick*

Her eyes followed the second hand as it slowly made its way round the clock. It felt like she had been doing this forever. In the background she could hear the dull drone of people talking but in her trance like state she couldn't make out what they were saying. She had been that way since the guy had started talking, his dull voice droning on almost sending her to sleep instantly. Now 3 hours later and she was going out of her mind with boredom. She hated these meetings. Every so often she and some of her colleagues in her office had to go the head branch in Manchester for a “Update Meeting”. The first couple she attended weren't too bad, back when she was eager to impress, she hung on every word intrigued with what the company planned for the future and how it was growing. Now they were just a huge bore and a huge waste of time.

Every time she came to these things she didn't pay any attention at all yet still managed to do her job. A job which she was rapidly becoming fed up with. When she first started with the firm four years ago it was only supposed to be a temporary office job to help pay for University fee's but after failing to find a job she wanted she had just stuck with it and now regretted it. On top of having to sit through a sinfully boring meeting she hated having to come to the head office. It was a 2 hour commute and for some reason the company would only reimburse public transport costs and not pay for petrol. If they did pay for petrol expenses she would drive, it would save a whole load of hassle, but alas she had a 2 hour journey home involving two trains and a bus.

She was suddenly brought out of her daydream state by a flurry of movement. She looked round and saw people packing up their things and realised the meeting was finally over. She sighed in relief and finished her coffee and grabbed her coat and bag and headed out of the room. She saw her colleagues waiting for the elevator and decided to hold back, she really didn't want to get stuck in the lift and have to walk to the station with them talking about the meeting. She stopped at the cooler outside the room and poured herself a cup of water. She waited until they had got in the lift and gone before downing the water and heading towards the stairs. She walked down them slowly to give her colleagues a chance to get ahead of her. She came out into the lobby and they were nowhere to be seen. She signed out at reception and headed outside. The sunlight hitting her as she walked out felt wonderful. She thought about going into the city but decided it would be best to just head home.

She arrived at the train station 15 minutes later and consulted the timetables. There was a train due in 5 minutes but she guessed her colleagues would be on that one and decided to wait for the one after that which was in 25 minutes. She walked over to the shop and bought herself a magazine and a bottle of water and went and sat on the platform. As she sat waiting the platform started to fill with people and began to get busy. She start of rush hour, she was glad the meeting had finished when it had as she knew in an hour or so it would be super busy. She just hoped she would get a seat on the train, she really didn't fancy having to stand up for an hour.

The train pulled in to the platform and she went and and stood by a door. The moment the doors opened and the people had got off she jumped on and sat down on the first seat available. She pulled out her magazine and began flicking through the pages. Suddenly she noticed someone standing next to her. She looked up to find a man stood looking at her. “do you mind if I sit here” he asked.

She felt her cheeks flush red. She had always been shy around guys she didn't know, especially when they looked as good as he did. She tried to speak but no words came out so she just nodded. He sat down and pulled out a newspaper. She went back to reading her magazine thankful he didn't want to chat as she felt she would make a complete fool of herself if she tried to speak to him. The train pulled out of the station and she got lost in her magazine. As the journey went on she slowly sipped at her bottle of water out of boredom and eventually finished it. As she bent down to put the bottle back in her bag she felt her bladder twinge. A twinge telling her it was filling.

She realised they were only about 10 minutes from her station, where she would have to catch the train to her town. She glanced at her watch and realised by the time they arrived she would only have a couple of minutes before her next train departed. As the train approached the station she squeezed past the guy and went and stood by the door. It pulled in and the moment the door opened she jumped out and set off at a quick pace. She could see her train on the opposite platform and ran up the stairs and across the bridge and down the stairs onto the other platform. As she ran down the platform she could see the conductor checking down the platform and waved at him. He acknowledged her and waited for her. As she reached the door he joked saying “almost”. She laughed and thanked him and went and sat down.

As the train pulled out of the station she noticed her bladder again. With the adrenaline of running for the train she hadn't felt it but now she was sat down she noticed just how full it was. All the complementary coffee she had drunk at the meeting was filling it up quite fast. She felt a twinge of excitement in her pussy. A few weeks ago a full bladder would have been an inconvenience but then there was the night she got pulled for suspected drink driving. Her mind wandered back to that night. Sat in the back of that car with an extremely full bladder, almost having an accident and wetting her knickers.

Eventually she had been let go and had tried to get to the bathroom but as she got there her bladder had given in and she had wet herself. It was afterwards she discovered how nice it felt to have wet herself and it led to her having the best orgasm of her life. Since that night she had been experimenting with the pleasure of peeing herself. Trying out different clothes, seeing how long she could hold on without peeing, one night she even wet the bed and absolutely loved it. Her mind then landed on her full bladder she had now, what she was going to do with it when she got home, maybe she would try something new. The more she thought about it the more excited she got and she could feel her pussy tingling. She felt her knickers dampen as her pussy began to get wet with desire.

20 minutes later her bladder was really full and she was starting to feel really desperate. She sat in her seat squirming around. She only had 15 minutes left till she got to her station then a short bus journey then she would be home, then she could enjoy herself. However as the 15 minutes passed by she was starting to feel more and more desperate and by the time her train started pulling into the station she was absolutely busting for a pee. As much as she wanted to hold it she resolved she would have to go for a wee when they got to the station otherwise she wouldn't make it home. Her mistake was not peeing before she left. Since she discovered she enjoyed the feeling of a full bladder she had stopped peeing before she left work so by the time she got home she was desperate. She had done the same today out of habit forgetting she had a two hour journey ahead of her and now those many coffee's were sitting heavy in her bladder and pushing down hard on her pee hole wanting to escape.

She stood up and went and stood by the door. Now she was stood up her need felt so much worse and she started dancing from foot to foot. The doors opened and she walked onto the platform and headed under the subway. She came out on the platform and headed straight for the toilets. She walked into the waiting room and headed for the bathroom. As she got there and pushed the door she realised it was locked. She tried again but it wouldn't open. She tried the mens room but that was also locked. What was she going to do, she had to pee so bad but there was nobody on the station to open the toilets and if she didn't go soon she would miss her bus. She had no choice. She decided to go to the bus stop and she would have to pee in the opening behind the bus stop.

She walked out of the station and down the road towards the bus stop. She reached the bus stop and put her bag down. As she did her bladder pushed hard and she felt a small drip hit her knickers. She stood pee dancing but another drip escaped past her trembling pee hole. She had to pee. She was about to go around the back of the bus stop to pee but as she went to she heard footsteps. A guy appeared from the round the corner and walked towards the bus stop. She cursed under her breath and sat down. She put her bag over her crotch and slid her hand down and pushed against her pussy. This helped the pressure on her pee hole a little but not much. The guy appeared at the bus stop and said hi and went to read the timetable.

Suddenly a leak shot into her knickers and she gasped. He looked at her and asked if she was okay. She nodded and said she was. He smiled and went back to looking at the timetable. Another leak shot into her knickers and she felt the dampness on her fingers. She had to pee so bad, she only hoped the bus would get here quick then she might just be able to hold on till she got home. As she sat there she kept feeling leaks escaping and soaking her knickers. Then suddenly a spurt shot out of her pee hole and soaked the front of her trousers. She was in trouble. If she didn't pee soon she would wet herself. She had never wet herself in public before. She toyed with her options, pee in front of this guy, try hold on and wait for the bus and face the possibility of peeing on the bus or walking home and try find somewhere to pee.

She really didn't want to walk home and really didn't want to pop a squat in front of this guy. She had to try hold it. In her fun time at home she could hold quite well. Suddenly another spurt shot out of her and she pushed down hard on her pussy. She could feel her trousers were getting wet. All she had to do was hold it back and when the bus arrived, cover the wet patch so nobody would see and then hold it till she got home. Out of nowhere a huge wave of desperation flooded through her body causing her muscles to relax momentarily.

Pee started to gush into her knickers. She quickly clenched her muscles closed and managed to stop the flow. But now her knickers and pants were soaked. She heard pee dripping onto the floor beneath her and hoped he wouldn't hear it. He walked towards the pavement and she looked down the road and saw the bus coming. She stood up and some more pee escaped. She looked down and saw a huge wet patch on the front of her trousers. Why did she have to wear light grey ones, they showed the wetness greatly. She felt her bum which was also wet.

She wouldn't be able to hide it. As she got on the bus she felt eyes looking at her. She felt mortified. As she walked up the bus she could see people looking at her trousers. Thankfully it wasn't overly busy. She sat down and started squirming like mad. All she had to do was hold it for a few more minutes then she would be home. The bus set off and the vibrations of the engine pulsed through her shaking her bladder. She spurted....and again....and again.....She was starting to wet herself and there was nothing she could do to stop it. She could feel the wet patch on her trousers spreading and the seat beneath her getting wet.

She couldn't hold it, the pressure was too strong. Her pee hole was aching and starting to fail her. Suddenly it opened and a huge spurt escaped. She gasped thinking that was it. But somehow she stopped it. God she was bursting for a pee, she felt like she had loads out but it was still bursting full. Her stop was approaching. Oh god how was she going to get to the front of the bus, she would have to walk past these people, in an obvious state of desperation with wet trousers, She felt mortified, she had never been so embarrassed.

She pushed the bell and walked down the bus. She could feel the eyes staring at her. She didn't care any more, all she wanted to do was get off the bus and pee. She could see her stop coming up, almost there. Then suddenly she felt the all too familiar feeling. The feeling she got when she knew she couldn't hold it any more. She felt her bladder contracting and pee pushing down her urethra towards her quivering pee hole. She knew the moment it got there it would open and she wouldn't be able to shut it. She felt it right at the tip and tried desperately to keep it there but there was no use. Her pee hole burst open and pee started flooding out into her knickers and soaking her trousers. She felt it streaming down her legs and soaking her socks and into her shoes. She heard gasps as the people on the bus saw what she was doing. She felt like crying, all she could do was stand there as her bladder emptied into her trousers.

After what felt like an eternity the flow stopped and her pee hole closed. The bus came to a stop and the doors opened. She couldn't move, she was frozen to the spot. She felt like if she didn't move then nobody would see her. She heard a voice ask “are you alright love?”. She looked up to see the driver looking at her. “I'm so sorry” she said. He climbed out of his cab and walked towards her. He put his hand on her shoulder and said “don't worry about it, I’ve had much worse on my bus before”. She mustered a smile and shuffled off the bus. As the bus drove off she stood there in her pee soaked clothes mortified at what had just happened. She thought about those people staring at her as she had had a pee accident, the way they gasped as she wet herself like a child. She felt so embarrassed....so humiliated....so...so.....alive.

She felt her pussy throbbing with excitement. What?....why was she turned on. It was the most embarrassing moment of her life....but also....the most exciting. This was the same confusion she had had when she first got excited when she wet herself. Could it be possible....could peeing herself in front of people turn her on. The more she thought about those people watching her the more aroused she felt. She could feel her knickers getting wet as her pussy dripped with desire. She couldn't believe it. She walked up the road towards her house. She felt liberated walking around in public in pee soaked clothes, like she was free. She walked into her house and went upstairs. She flopped onto her bed and thought about what just happened.

As she did her hand crept inside her wet trousers and found her throbbing clit. She imagined being desperate next to the hot guy she had seen on the train, trying to hold on as she was too shy to ask him to move out of her way but ultimately wetting herself and seeing his shocked reaction. This thought sent her pussy wild and made it burst in orgasmic bliss. She laid back panting and shaking, excited at finding another thing she enjoyed about her new found fetish.

She thought one day she would have to get deliberately desperate and wet herself in front of many people. Not just yet, she felt too shy to do that just yet, but if she felt this way after only a few people on a bus, how amazing would she feel with a whole crowd of people. She peeled off her wet clothes and jumped in the shower. As the warm water washed over her naked body her mind wandered thinking up new and exciting things to try and smiled thinking about how a few weeks ago she was a shy young woman and now she was a young woman thinking of doing such naughty things. She shook those thoughts from her mind, that was for another time, all that mattered now was taking care of the pulsing sensation emanating from between her legs.

FIN

Hope you guys enjoyed, especially he who requested this, when I first was requested to write this I was unsure but writing this I am starting to like writing about the adventures of young Amy Stephenson. If you guys enjoyed this story let me know and let me know if you would like to see more of her in the future.

Gemmy xx :)

*002*2014-10-16 19:14

{{:

You absolutely have to write more! We gotta at least see her fulfill her fantasy of wetting in front of a crowd! Great story

}}

Hee hee thanks for the comment, glad you enjoyed it, I will defo write more about her at some point

*005*2014-10-19 18:39

{{:

I LOVE this protagonist. More of her adventures, absolutely.

}}

Thanks, I have a couple more stories in mind for her which I hope to write this week :)

