Desperation at the theater

Author: Lugia

*000*2014-09-23 19:17

This story is about a Gardevoir who gets desperate while watching her boyfriend's play. Unlike my last story, which took place from a third person point of view, this story will take place from Gardevoir's point of view also there is more dialogue in this story. I think I may have done a better job on this story then I did on my last story but I'll let you be the ones to decide.

___

Me and my friend Meloetta were at the theater waiting for a play to start. My boyfriend, Gallade, had gotten the lead role and I promised him I would be there to see every minute of his performance and I invited Meloetta to come with me.

"Wow Gardevoir, a lot of people showed up to see this play" Meloetta said in awe of the large number of people.

"I know. They must have sold out" I said to her as I drank my large coke.

"I hope nothing goes wrong during the play" she said

"Me too. Gallade worked hard to get the lead role and I'd hate to see something ruin his big night" I replied

Just then they announced over the speakers that the play was ready to start and asked that everyone take their seats. I quickly finished my coke and threw the cup away because I knew they didn't allow food or drinks in the stage room. As I walked in with Meloetta to take our seats I felt a twinge in my bladder but ignored it. Meloetta and I were in the tenth row but we still had a good view of the stage. The play was 3 hours long and had no intermissions.

"I hope Gallade does a good job" Meloetta said

"Don't worry he'll do fine. They didn't give him the lead role for nothing" I told her. Just then I felt another much stronger twinge in my bladder but once again ignored it.

"Yeah you're right" Meloetta said. Just then the curtains opened and the play started.

At about fifteen minutes into the play I had started feeling pressure on my bladder. It wasn't very bad so I didn't think it was anything to worry about.

At thirty minutes into the play the pressure on my bladder had increased and I was squirming around in my seat. Meloetta quickly took notice of this.

"Hey Gardevoir, are you okay?" she asked with a bit of concern.

"Yeah I'm fine. I just need to pee" I told her.

"Oh. Well there's a bathroom just outside" She replied

"No that's fine, I can hold it until after the play is over" I assured her

"Okay, if you say so" she went back to enjoying the play.

After an hour into the play I had to cross my legs and lean forward from time to time. Meloetta would occasionally shoot me a concerned look.

After one and a half hours I had to keep my legs crossed 100% of the time. Meloetta continued to ask if I was okay and I kept telling her I was fine.

At two hours into the play I had to press my hand against my pee hole every time I felt a wave of desperation so that I could stay in control. Meloetta became increasingly worried.

"Are you sure you don't want to step out and go to the bathroom?" she asked me

"Trust me Meloetta, I can hold it in until after the play is over" I told her

"Okay" she said, although I could tell she wasn't as sure as I was.

At two hours and thirty minutes into the play there was no doubt that I was desperate and my bladder was full. I had my legs crossed tight and my hands pressed firmly against my pee hole as I continued to hold it in.

"Gardevoir I don't think you're going to make it. You should just head out and go to the bathroom" Meloetta told me

"Meloetta I made a promise to Gallade and I intend to keep it" I said to her. But as soon as I finished saying that another painful wave of desperation ran through my bladder and despite my efforts to stay in control the floodgates opened.

I just sat there as my warm urine gushed out of my bladder and onto my seat before it flowed down to the floor. The people around me just stared in shock as I soaked myself. My bladder spent a whole minute emptying itself before the stream finally stopped.

When my bladder was finished emptying itself I jumped out of my seat and ran to the bathroom so I could clean myself up, crying the whole way there. I stayed in the bathroom sobbing after I cleaned myself up because I was too ashamed to show my face anyone. Just then Meloetta came in.

"Gardevoir it'll be fine" she said trying to comfort me

"NO IT WON'T! I wet myself in front of all those people. And all because I was too stubborn about keeping my promise" I said to her as I started to cry again

"Come on Gardevoir, this sort of thing could happen to anyone.... including me" she said. I looked at her surprised at what she saide.

"You?! But when did-" before I could finish Meloetta cut me off.

"Back at my high-school graduation. I had too much to drink that day and right as I was about to go to the bathroom I realized I was running late and like you I thought I could hold it until after the ceremony. But as the ceremony went on I began to get more and more desperate and I began to hope that the ceremony would end soon. Five minutes before the ceremony ended I kept telling myself 'I can hold it in' but I experienced another painful spasm and my bladder decided to empty itself right there. I was so embarrassed that I just wanted to disappear but my friend told me about how it had happened to her before and I didn't feel as bad anymore" she explained while comforting me

"Meloetta..... Thank-you" it was then that she embraced me in a comforting hug which I returned. "You're the greatest friend I could ever hope for" I said to her, glad that she was willing to share her embarrassing experience so I would feel better about my own.

"Come on. Let's go watch the rest of the play"

"Okay" I agreed.

The two of us went back inside and headed to our seats. I was about to sit back down in my seat when Meloetta stopped me.

"Wait. You just cleaned yourself up. Sit in my seat instead" she offered.

"But Meloetta, my seat is covered in my pee"

"I insist, it's what friends do"

".... Thanks" and so I sat down in her seat while she sat down in my seat and the puddle of urine that covered it. But it didn't seem to bother her.

After the play was over my boyfriend Gallade ran down to where Meloetta and I were sitting. I quickly stood up to congratulate him.

"You were amazing!"

"Thanks. I did my best" at that moment he noticed Meloetta sitting in the puddle of urine that covered the seat she was sitting in. "What happened Meloetta? Did you wet yourself?" he asked her

"Well, yes I d-" but just as she was about to take the blame for me I stopped her.

"Meloetta stop. I'm not letting you take the blame" I turned to Gallade and told him the truth. "I was the one who wet myself" the look on his face was one of shock

"What? But how? Why?" he asked me bewildered

"Well... You remember how I promised that I wouldn't miss a minute of your performance?"

"Yeah"

"Well I was so stubborn about keeping my promise that I refused to relieve myself when I really needed to and well, you see what happened. Then after I ran into the bathroom to clean myself up Meloetta came in and comforted me by telling me about the time it happened to her. When we got back she switched seats with me and here we are" he just stood there amazed at what he heard.

"Wow"

"You think what I did is gross don't you?" I asked

"No. I think it's sweet that you would do anything to keep your promise to me." I was glad to hear him say that. "And besides accidentally wetting yourself could happen to anyone, after all it has happened to all three of us" What he just said surprised me.

"Really? You too?" I asked surprised that it has happened to him before too.

"Yeah, me too" he then went on and told us the story of how he had wet himself.

"Wow. You never told me that" I said to him after his story was finished.

"Well up until now I never had a reason to. And I thought you'd think I was gross for it" he said

"Not at all" I told him as I gave him a hug, a gesture he returned. "Come on guys, let's go do something together"

And we set off into the night. Knowing that my best friend and boyfriend had accidentally wet themselves before, I no longer felt ashamed about wetting myself.

*002*2014-09-24 00:36

{{:

Great work. Again, I thank you deeply :)

}}

You're welcome. If you want to hear Gallade's story let me know and I'll get to work on it.

*003*2014-09-25 03:08

Here we find out Gallade's story

___

(Gardevoir's POV)

"Really? You too?" I asked surprised that it has happened to him before too.

"Yeah, me too. What happened was...."

Gallade's story

(Gallade's POV)

I was heading to the bank to cash a check on and a few minutes before I got there I had already finished my third bottle of pop. I felt a twinge in my bladder but didn't think anything of it. By the time I was in line at the bank there was obvious pressure on my bladder but I thought I could hold it until after I cashed the check. And besides there were already five people behind.

"I have to go to the bathroom but I don't want to lose my place in line. I'm sure I can hold it until after I cash my check" I said to myself

The line was moving slowly and after 5 minutes of waiting I started to get desperate.

"Man I really need to go. I wonder how much longer it will be before I cash my check."

After ten minutes of waiting I had become visibly desperate and had to keep my legs crossed to stay I'm control.

"The urge is pretty bad now. I wish I could step out of the line to go to the bathroom but I'm getting closer to the front. I'm sure I can hold it in until after my check is cashed"

After waiting in line for fifteen minutes my desperation had increased and I had to press my hands against my pee hole whenever I felt a wave of desperation so that I could stay in control .

"Ohhh.... I hope I get to the front soon. I'm not sure how much longer I can hold it in"

After 20 minutes of waiting I finally go to the front of the line and got my check cashed. But I was at my limit and my bladder was completely full. But I was finally able to go to the bathroom.

"Thank Arceus! I can finally head to the bathroom and pee. I'm not sure if I can hold it in much longer." so I ran into the bathroom and was glad to see there was no one else there which meant that I wouldn't have to wait for a urinal to open up "That's a relief I thought was going to wait even longer"

I walked over to a urinal and was about to pull down my (white) pants down so I could go when another painful wave of desperation hit me and the floodgates opened.

"Oh no. I can't believe this" the warm yellow liquid streamed down my legs my legs and onto the floor creating a puddle as my bladder emptied itself. After a minute the flow stopped and my bladder was empty.

"And I so close too. Oh well I better clean myself up." So I cleaned myself up glad no one came in while I was. The only thing left was the stain on my pants but I was able to hide it until I got home. I was just glad no one saw me wet myself.

Present day

"Wow. You never told me that"

I may decide to write a more detailed version of Meloetta's story in the and I might not. But there is something I have in mind for this story. It would be more for me to be creative then anything else.

