Operation Desperation

Author: GᒪITTEᖇGᒪᗩᗰOᑌᖇ

*000*2015-07-29 19:24

Sage started the morning on her phone; as usual. The rest of the family ate breakfast together. "Ugh, are you texting Byan again?" Mandy, her younger sister, (13) asked in disgust. "Normal teenage stuff," Sage sat down. She is 15, and a big show off. Her younger brother, Miachel, (11) entered the room and nodded putting his hoodie cap on. Micheal is mute, more of an emo. "Why can't we have a nice morning without anyone complaining?" Their mom rolled her eyes. "She started it," Sage looked at Mandy. "Hey!" Mandy and Sage started to argue. "Girls!" Their mom separated them. "You, no phone for a week," mom took Sage's phone. "And you, no internet."

"Mom!" Both the girls moaned. "That's that! Now I don't want a single word out of any of you until breakfast is over!"

The girls were silent the rest of the time. Once breakfast was over, Sage said, "Mom, I'm going to the mall to buy myself new shoes." Sags changed into a red T-shirt and black pants. She grabbed her purse and left. On her way she saw a Starbucks nearby. For Sage, or like anyone, she couldn't resist to just have one coffee. "Hello," she walked up to the counter. "I would like iced coffee, please," she ordered. "That'll be $2.99," the man said without grace. Soon she got her iced coffee, her favorite. Soon she ordered another for the walk. Later, she continued her journey.

At the mall there is a Sears, so she decided to stop by there. She looked around for a pair but found nothing. So, she left and decided to Go to go to a Payless Shoe Store. As she crossed the street she felt some pain in her bladder. Sage stopped and bent down and the light turned green. Cars honked at her to move, which was a slow process.

As she walked, she kept experiencing this pain until her brain told her it was time to use the restroom. Where could she go? The nearest Payless isn't for two blocks. Sage staggered the whole way until she finally reached Payless, swiftly opening the door. "Hello, ma'am, do you have a bathroom?" Sage went to the counter and said swiftly while crossing her legs and bouncing.

"No, sorry ma'am," the woman replied.

"How do you use the bathroom then?"

"Well, we have one in the storage room but it's for employees only."

"Please let me go, it'll be quick!"

"Sorry, rules and rules."

Sage bit her lip and walked to the aisle which had her shoe size. She browsed shoes and crossed her legs tightly. Right when she grabbed a pair of shoes she liked she spurted a bit. Sage gasped and held her crotch. She sat down to try the shoes but when she bent her leg to put it on she spurted again. Sage had no choice but to leave the shoes and leave the store immediately.

Sage walked swiftly leaking as she went. Then she stopped. Bent down and bounced up and down leaking again. Sage regained control and at no time she was home. Quickly she went to her room to take of her shoes and put them in the closet. She went to the toilet and was taking off her pants and right when she was going to sit on the toilet, the consequence of uncrossing her legs haunted her. Sage peed right through her pink cotton panties and her fingers became warm and damp.

Hope you liked it! Sorry it's so short

*002*2015-07-30 23:46

{{:

Great story, really hot.

}}

Thank you so much!

