Hermione the potion master

Author: ola93

*000*2016-01-08 09:09

DISCLAIMER

This is a Harry Potter fanfiction story, that will mainly focus on Hermione Granger's life right after the defeat of Lord Voldermort. I will try to keep facts that happened earlier in the book straight as much as possible. I will however, defer from the description of what happened during and after the battle of Hogwards in the end of the last book. Most importantly, Hermione and Ron are not yet and might never get married, as Ginny and Harry and professor Snape survived.

Obviously, all characters and at least some places and possibly flashbacks to previous events are products of the mind of the magnificent J.K. Rowling. I do not own any of them and will not try to have any profit from this story other than the fun of writing it. The idea for the concept of this story was based on Rainyday's great game Aquarius and some of the omorashi-events might unconsciously be inspired by stories from others I read before. Anyone who feels like I stole their idea is free to contact me so that I can make sure to apology and adopt the story if they would want me to.

If enough people are interested, more chapters will follow, with some interaction at the end of each chapter. I will respect any choices of the majority of people who reply, 'though probably not always in the way you might expect (after all, life is not very predictable, is it?). Furthermore, feel free to suggest anything you'd like to read about and I promiss I will consider your suggestion seriously. I, however, do not promiss I will incorporate all suggestions into the story. Things that turn me off and I will certainly not write about are ageplay, diapers and messing, so please do not suggest this.

I would like to thank OmoCommando for proofreading this first chapter and providing me with very useful feedback on it, as well as advices on how to continue.

Anyway, onto the story.

CHAPTER 1

After the Battle of Hogwards, the school had been rebuilt and all students were invited back to graduate at long last, even those who had previously voluntarily left the school to fight against Lord Voldermort. Even 'though Hermione had kept studying at home and at the Burrow on herself, Hermione had gladly accepted the invitation to not only take exams in everything she would normally have learnt in Hogwards and had now taught herself, but also have some more advanced courses that were offered as compensation for the interrupted eduction. It had only taken her two weeks to pass all the normal exams with excellent grades and today was her first day on the advanced courses she had enrolled for: self-transfiguration and advanced potion making.

Hermione woke up in her dorm to an alarm-spell casted by professor McGonagall from the great hall into all dorms. The weekend had been full of parties to celebrate the end of the exams and with a shock, she realized just how much all she drank the previous night had filled her bladder. She groaned quietly and squeezed her legs toghether as she felt her bladder pulsate angrily, trying to force her to let go of the the flood that was caught in her strained abdomen. Hermione had always had quite a big bladder and was therefore not used to it being really full and demanding relieve this strongly. Very carefully to avoid putting more pressure on her poor bladder, she got up from her bed, but as soon as she was standing, she felt like gravity was trying to pull her pee out of her so she crossed her legs tightly to stop it from bursting out.

Although she wanted to curse herself for it right now, Hermione was too shy to walk out of her dorm into the common room to go to the bathroom in just the underwear she slept in and with small steps, she walked over to her drawer. She quickly put on a bra before grabbing the first shirt she saw and buttoning it up as fast as she could, hopping from foot to foot while doing so. She tore down her panties and squatted down to grab them from the floor before she realised this was a mistake. Squatting had been too much for her full bladder and she felt her crotch get a little bit wet from a small leak escaping her peehole before she regained control. She grabbed clean panties and a clean skirt, but moved much more carefully when she put them on, gladly finding out she managed to keep her flood at bay this time.

Hermione knew she would pee herself if she were to try and run, so instead she took very small steps towards the door. When she left the dorm, she was immediatly greeted by Ron, who was already seated in the common room, but she was way too much in a hurry to pay any attention to him and quickly entered the girls' bathroom. The sounds of other girls already peeing and showering made her bladder spasm stronger than she had ever felt it spasm before and in the relative privacy of the bathroom, she could not stop herself from giving her crotch a quick squeeze to maintain control. Luckily, there were still some stalls free and with her desperation finally beating her shame Hermione rushed into the nearest one, slammed the door closed, tore down her skirt and panties and managed to sit down on the toilet just before a torrent of pee shot out of her.

Unable to stop herself from expressing the immense relief she felt, Hermione groaned loudly when the pressure on her bladder subsided. After peeing for about half a minute, her stream slowed down and about ten seconds later, came to an end. Hermione sighed in relief once more, before quickly wiping and getting redressed. After a quick shower, she went downstairs and sat down with Harry and Ron to have breakfast.

END OF CHAPTER 1

Please make some suggestions for what you'd like Hermione to have for breakfast if you feel like. Anything liquid or diuretic might influence the upcomming chapter(s).

Choice to make for chapter two: Will Hermione have to go to self-transfiguration taught by professor McGonagall first and then to advanced potion making taught by professor Snape, or the other way around? Caution: this seemingly unimportant choice might have major consequences for what will happen in the next few chapters and - probably much sooner - when and how much Hermione will have to drink and when she will get to use a toilet again.

*004*2016-01-19 09:35

Sorry for the delay. I aimed to update this story weekly and will keep trying to do so, but as you can see the second chapter is a bit late already. This might happen more often as I get busy for a few days quite often, but I can assure you I like writing this story so the chapters will keep coming eventually.

On here and on another site I placed this story on I received the following votes and suggestions:

- Potions first: 3 votes

- Self-transfiguration first: 1 vote

- Drink a glass of juice: 3 votes, 1 of which metioning it should be a large glass, 1 mentioning it should be pumpkin juice and one metioning it should be orange juice

- Eat bacon, eggs, grits, toast and sausage: 1 vote, with an extra vote for bacon (and 'something' else)

- Hermione curses herself

- Draco curses Hermione to have bad luck for the rest of the day

Voting is now closed and based on these votes and my own preferences Hermione will have a large breakfast consisting of:

- a large glass of pumpkin juice

- bacon

- eggs

- grits

- toast

- and sausage

And will then go to advanced potion making class, before going to self-transfiguration class. Since Hermione won't be able to see what Draco is doing in the mean time, you won't get to read about that yet either, but his actions might obviously have impact on Hermione's day and causes of some events might get clearer later in the story. And about Hermione cursing herself... you'll just have to see.

I've got the idea in my head and am going to write it down right now. I will send in a concept for proofreading later today and hopefully post chapter 2 tomorrow.

*006*2016-01-20 07:05

{{:

Snape is dead at this point. Voldemort had his snake kill him to try to get the elder wand to work properly. Professor Slughorn should be teaching potions.

}}

I quote "I will however, defer from the description of what happened during and after the battle of Hogwards in the end of the last book. Most importantly, Hermione and Ron are not yet and might never get married, as Ginny and Harry and professor Snape survived." I'm sorry but to me this wouldn't be as much fun without Snape.

*007*2016-01-20 08:23

Again, thanks to OmoCommando for proofreading a providing me with feedback.

CHAPTER 2

While having a shower, Hermione's mind had eventually wandered from the relieved feeling in her bladder and she soon realised the many alcoholic drinks of the previous night had had more effects than just waking up with a very full bladder. Even though she had managed to avoid getting drunk, the alcohol had dehydrated her and she felt thirsty. Also, she had not eaten much compared to how much she drank and she felt hungry. When breakfast appeared on the tables, she greedily got herself a large glass of pumpkin juice, some bacon and eggs, grits, toast and a sausage.

"Wow Hermione," Ron commented, "are you starving?"

"Yeah, I think I drank a bit too much last night," Hermione replied giggling. "It seems like I'm not the only one 'though," she added after glancing at Ron's equally stuffed plate of food.

"What classes do you have today?" Harry asked his friends.

"Disarming dark wizards and witches and self-transfiguration," replied Ron.

"Advanced potion making and then I'll be in in self-transfiguration too," added Hermione. "How about you, Harry?"

"Sorry Ron, I'll be bothering you all day, 'cause I'm in the same classes as you are," Harry replied laughing.

After she finished her breakfast, Hermione got up and said: "I don't wanna be late in my first class with Snape since months, so I'm gonna go now. I'll see you in self-transfiguration class then." With that, she hurried away back towards the Gryffindor tower. When she was eating her sausage, Hermione had realised she had forgotten to grab her robe and her bag due to her... situation that morning and she hurried through the corridors to go and get them before class. Just a minute before class was due to start, she got into professor Snape's classroom, much later than usual for her, but still before most of her classmates.

Strictly on time as always, professor Snape began the lesson: "Welcome to this advanced course in potion making. In this course, we will not be brewing many potions that were chosen for educational purposes like we did during your normal potion classes. Instead, you will be working on the creation of a potion no one has never managed to brew before."

"I will therefore be unable to provide you a receipe, but for you, students motivated enough to get into an advanced course as this one, I will be available almost at any time during the upcomming weeks for consultation. I do expect you to search the library for basic information on whatever you are trying to brew, but if - or rather when - you find things you do not understand or are uncertain about, I will help you as best as you can. Asking questions to which the answer is not in the library, will only increase your chance of success and is thus the right thing to do and will not be bad for your grade for this course."

"Besides being available for consultation, all I will do in this course is supervising your brewing - which should therefore always be done during school hours and in this classroom - to avoid accidents, grading the report about your research and whatever you manage to brew and lecturing about the different steps you should take in your research and within how much time you should try to perform them to finish your project in time. Any questions about this general introduction?"

All students remained silent and professor Snape continued: "We made sure all of you have some free time either this afternoon or tomorrow morning. Besides that, you should probably work on your project for a while this evening if you want to be succesful, which I think you should all want. For our class tomorrow morning, you are expected to bring notes on the potion you would like to brew, which should contain proof that the potion can theoretically be created, a description of the desired effects of the potion, any steps that should certainly be taken to create the potion and descriptions of any attempts to create the potion you managed to find information about. Please note, the more serious you do this work and the more information you bring, the easier the rest of your project will be.

"Now, to give you a head start, during the remainder of this class you will be brewing a potion that will help you to find information about a potion you would like to create: celerlectioserum, a potion that allows you to read about twice as fast for 24 hours and stops you from being distracted by your environment while you are reading. This potion is not very hard to brew, although there are three different ways to do it, which all result in a different side effect and you will have to chose one, based on which side-effects you think you can handle best and which receipe you think you are able to follow. Let me know when you think you are done, then I will check whether you managed to brew celerlectioserum and can drink the result. The receipes are in your books starting at page 324. Go ahead and read them, pick one and start brewing."

During Snape's speech, Hermione had become more and more enthusiastic. Finally, Snape allowed them to experiment and discover new things. After his speech, she quickly opened her book on the correct page and started reading. All three receipes seemed easy enough to her, almost as easy as first year potions. However, her enthusiasm disappeared a bit when she saw the side-effects of the different receipes:

- one receipe contained bicorn horn, which makes a human grow a horn somewhere on their body, often leading to some discomfort;

- the second receipe contained leech juice, which makes a human's bladder shrink for a few hours, obviously leading to frequent need to urinate;

- and the third receipe contained horse hair, which speeds up many organs in a human's body, most notably his kidneys, causing anything he drinks to get to his bladder almost instantly.

END OF CHAPTER 2

Choice to make for chapther three: Which receipe will Hermione try to follow? Please don't hesitate to state why Hermione should do as you suggest if you feel like there is a good reason why one receipe is more sensible than the others.

*011*2016-01-25 12:28

Just letting you all know voting is now once again closed and I'll start writing the next chapter now, based on the following:

- no one voted for the first option

- one person voted for the second potion

- one person voted for the third potion

- two people voted for either the second or the third potion, without making a choice between these two

- and one person suggested a combination of the second and third potion

Not gonna spoil and tell you exactly what I'll do with this yet, but I can tell you the first potion will definitely not be Hermione's choice.

I hope to post the result tomorrow.

*012*2016-01-26 23:19

Note: This chapter does not yet contain much desperation. It does however, set the scene for chapter 4, in which things will get more intresting.

CHAPTER 3

Hermione had quickly noticed there was quite a bit more time left in class than was needed to brew the potion and decided to invest a little time to consider her options. Soon, she saw others start brewing and noticed most people had chosen to follow the first receipe. However, some students were working on other potions and most students who often scored high grades in potions - most notably Susan Bones, Fay Dunbar and Padma Patil - seemed to be among them. Hermione observed these girls a little longer, hoping they were all working on the same potion, but found they were not. She decided she would be a little more likely to succeed brewing the potion according to the second or third receipe. Noting these receipes were not too long and she still had some time left, Hermione started reading both of them in detail.

Immediatly when she finished reading the third receipe, Hermione got an idea and she raised her hand. Snape frowned, but walked over to her.

"Yes, miss Granger?" he asked.

"Sir, are we allowed to defer from the receipes? I think I might be more successful combining some steps from the last two recipes."

Snape seemed to be thinking for a moment, before replying: "Although your overconifdence might not improve the result, combining steps from these receipes will not cause any danger to you or your classmates. So yes, you are allowed to do that. You should realise you might suffer from the adverse effects of both receipes 'though, possibly worse too."

With that, Snape walked away, unable to prevent expressing some curiousity on his normally well-composed face. Despite trying not to show it, he was really curious what Hermione's idea would be and what the results of it would be, both in terms of the intended effect and the adverse effects.

Being used to Snape disliking suggestions and warning about trying new things, Hermione felt her idea was good and trying it out would be a good way to get a bit used to experimenting with potions as they were supposed to do during this course. She collected the ingredients she needed according to the second receipe, together with some horse hair and quickly started brewing. Pouring liquids into her kettle made Hermione realise the pumkin juice she drank with breakfast was starting to fill up her bladder a bit, but she was used to that and knew she could easily wait at the very least until after class. Besides, she didn't even have much to choose as she needed all the remaining time in class to finish her potion and have it approved by Snape and getting Snape's permission to go to the bathroom was out of the question anyway.

With half an hour left in class, Snape started to walk around and use a spell on every potion a student had brewn, to test it was safe to take. As always, he did not yet tell anyone what was supposed to happen so only he know who had succeeded in brewing at least something safe and who hadn't. Fifteen minutes later, Hermione added the horse hair to her potion, followed by the leech juice, which was the last step in the second receipe. She nervously tapped her foot when Snape walked by and tested her potion, only then noticing she had been the last person to finish and Snape immediatly walked back to the front of the classroom after testing her potion.

"To my surprise, all of you have managed to at least avoid brewing something poisonous, although the quality of your potions seems to differ quite a bit," Snape said. Looking at Hermione he added: "One potion even managed to escape my normal quality check so that I am unable to tell whether it will do nothing at all or have wonderful effects or anything in between. The potion should take about four hours to affect you, so I suggest anyone who is planning to start working tonight after dinner, uses his potion right after lunch to maximise the profit you'll have from it. Now pour your potion into your flask so you can take it with you, then you are dismissed." All students quickly did as they were told and left the classroom. Like most days, Hermione had completely forgotten about her slowly filling bladder by now and made her way into the great hall, where she again sat beside Harry and Ron to have lunch with them.

END OF CHAPTER 3

Questions for chapter 4:

- what will Hermione have for lunch?

- when will Hermione take her potion (and why)?

Also, any suggestions for bathroom-related events that might happen during lunch are welcome.

*018*2016-02-07 08:58

It took a while for the replies to start comming and then even longer for me to find time to write, but I'm gonna write chapter 4 right now. This time all the votes have been submitted in this thread so we've got:

- 2 votes for a light lunch

- 3 votes for lots of liquids during lunch and 1 vote for the opposite

- 2 votes for taking the potion shortly after class

- 2 votes for taking the potion after lunch

For lunch I'm obviously gonna go with the majority and for the timing of taking the potion... well, wait and see.

*019*2016-02-08 07:08

CHAPTER 4

After her large breakfast, Hermione was not feeling really hungry yet and she got herself just some toast and another glass of pumpkin juice. More specifically, she got herself another large glass of pumpkin juice, just like that morning. She was nervous about taking her potion and as always, her nerves had made her thirsty. She thought about taking her potion, but realised it would be a waste to have it take effect while she was still in self-transfiguration class and decided not to do so until she had finished her lunch.

"How was potions?" Harry asked.

"Quite interesting, actually," Hermione replied, "we finally got to make some important decisions ourselves to practice for the rest of the course, during which we'll be trying to create a potion no one has managed to create before. How about disarming dark wizards?"

"Quite boring, considering we fought Voldemort and his death eaters," Ron replied, "but at least we went through it much faster than we did in our regular classes so it might get interesting before the course ends."

Harry noticed Hermione was looking around and looked at her questioningly. "We got to take the potion we brew with us to use it and I'm trying to see when others use it," Hermione explained. "It should help us study, but it takes a few hours to take effect. Obviously I want to time it so that it affects me right after class."

Just then, Hermione saw Fay, Padma and Susan use their potions, all together, followed shortly by Ginny. Hoping to get as much work as possible done that afternoon and evening, she decided she'd rather take the potion a bit early than a bit late and quickly downed her potion too. It tasted nasty and she quickly downed her pumpkin juice to flush the taste of the potion away, immediately refilling her glass to still have something to drink with the remainder of her toast. During the remainder of the lunch break, only a few more people used their potions and soon, it was time for self-transfiguration class.

When Harry, Ron and Hermione set off to go to class, they were quickly joined by Ginny, who explained to be in that class too. The four of them found seats together in the classroom and soon, professor McGonagall started her lecture, but not before Hermione noticed some other students quickly downing their potions. The lecture was about the history of self-transiguration and more specifically, about all that had been accomplished and people had tried but failed to accomplish.

Hermione couldn't stop her mind from wandering to some old memories when polyjuice potion was mentioned. Soon, however, she drew her attention back to the lecture, as professor McGonagall mentioned this potion was far from what the wizard who first made it had meant to do with it. It was meant to not only change a person's appearence into someone else's, but also get you to only a few feet away from the place the person you changed into was, so that replacing that person without being noticed would be much easier. It was then that Hermione knew that she wanted to create the perfect polyjuice potion as her project for her potions course.

During the remainder of the lecture, Hermione was not focussing as much as she normally would anymore. At first, her mind kept wandering to the possiblities of an improved polyjuice potion, but soon she was not even thinking only about that anymore. Instead, her mind started to wander towards her lower abdomen more and more often, to a building pressure in her abdomen Hermione was not used to feeling this early into class. She glanced at the clock and cursed herself when she saw only an hour had passed and class would go on for another three hours.

For a moment, she wondered if her potion was affecting her already, which would mean she had waisted valuable time and had possibly gotten her bladder into a lot of trouble. A quick glance around the classroom dismissed this idea 'though. None of the other girls who had made potions that should affect their bladder were looking uncomfortable yet, while at least Fay, Padma and Susan had used their potions at almost the same time, "No," Hermione thought reassuringly, "I'm just feeling that extra glass of pumpkin juice I had with lunch and my potion is not taking effect yet. Everyting is fine. Except that I really need to pee."

She crossed her legs and once again tried to focus on the lecture, even 'though her bladder kept sending stronger and stronger signals to her brain, telling that it really needed to be emptied sooner rather than later. Only half an hour later, still not even halfway into class, Hermione knew she would not be able to make it through class, or at least far from comfortably.

Thinking this was her best option, Hermione made a move that thoroughly embarassed her: she raised her hand and when she was given permission to speak, she asked: "Professor McGonagall, I am very sorry for disturbing your lecture, but could I please be excused for a moment? I need to go to the bathroom and I am afraid it has become quite urgent."

END OF CHAPTER 4

Questions for chapter 5: What is professor McGonagall's bathroom policy? Will she stick to that here or does she have any good reason to treat Hermione differently? If so, how will she treat her?

*024*2016-08-08 15:56

After an incredible delay due to me being busy IRL, here's another chapter. Hopefully, people will still enjoy it despite the delay.

CHAPTER 5

“Hermione, you’re disappointing me,” professor McGonagall replied, making many others laugh. “You were always such a great student, timing your drinking and bathroom visits around important lectures carefully to avoid this situation. This topic is really important and you know that. My lecture will only fill about half of this class, so I will wrap it up and put you to work in only half an hour to an hour. Although I never prohibit a single bathroom visit during my lectures and you are allowed to go, I strongly suggest you hold it until I finish my lecture, like you always did as a child. Also, I’d really appreciate it if you’d try to get back to your old self and simply avoid needing a bathroom during an important lecture in the future.”

Hermione was blushing, brightly. Seeing no other possibilities without embarrassing herself even more, she shyly mumbled: “Sorry professor, I’ll wait.” As McGonagall continued her lecture, she bit her lip and squeezed her thighs together under her desk. “This is gonna be a very long half hour”, she thought to herself. Ten minutes later, Hermione was glad to notice the other girls who had taken a potion that should affect how often they peed, were not showing any signs of needing to go yet and her need seemed to have stopped increasing as fast, which made her quite sure she was just feeling the pumpkin juice and not her potion.

Halfway into class and half an hour since she had asked permission to go to the bathroom, the lecture was still going on and Hermione had started to squirm in her chair with every contraction of her bladder. Just then, Padma raised her hand and asked: “Sorry professor, but how long do you think you need to finish your lecture? I heard your reply to Hermione and would like to wait but… I really need to pee.”

Hermione sighed. Padma always needed to go pee and was never showing a single sign of desperation. That girl just didn’t seem to know what things like holding it and needing to go even meant. Everyone in the classroom knew this and the professor’s reply made many of them laugh: “You can not go before miss Granger decides to go, Padma. She is clearly worse off and she too, is still holding it. To answer your question: I’ll be talking for about fifteen minutes more and then there will be time for questions. It shouldn’t be more than half an hour before miss Granger is back in this room relieved and you can go.”

Padma looked both shocked and furious, but knew she would just have to wait. In the next five minutes, it became clear just how unusual this situation was for Padma, as she kept squirming around uncomfortably. Hermione at the same time, kept tugging at the waistband of her skirt in a failed attempt to relieve some of the pressure on her overfilled bladder.

Just when McGonagall wrapped up by explaining today’s assignment would be a spell to look through an opponents eyes for a moment – the closest any spell got to the effect of things like polyjuice potion – something struck Hermione: Side effects of potions tended to start affecting you between halfway and three quarters into the time it took for the main effect to start, which could be any moment now. Praying her classmates would stop firing questions at McGonagall before that would happen, Hermione suddenly saw Fay start to squirm in her chair like she had been holding her pee for hours too. Her bladder must have shrunken, Hermione realised with a shock, praying to be on a toilet before that would happen to her bladder.

When all questions seemed to have been answered, Susan’s hand shot up and Hermione noticed her other hand shot under her desk. With a strained voice, Susan asked: “Professor, can we please all go to the bathroom instead of waiting for each other in here? You know Hermione and Padma have been holding it and Fay and I need to go badly too.” Fay and Susan had always been more or less indifferent about what other’s thought and were both shamelessly grabbing their crotches to ease the pressure on their shrunken bladders.

“Snape’s made them drink something again” McGonagall mumbled under her breath before replying, realizing exactly what had happened. While she thought about her answer, Hermione suddenly felt her desperation double and both her hands shot into the gap between her thighs, just in time to stop a small leak that had escaped her burning peehole from turning into a waterfall.

Luckily for Hermione, she had no reason to be embarrassed as everyone was distracted when everyone else who had been in potions suddenly grew a small horn. Most attention was suddenly draw to Ginny, who’s horn had grown out of her left nipple and was poking into her shirt just like her nipple was at full erection and she was not wearing a bra to cover it at all.

Still, Hermione, Padma, Fay and Susan were staring at McGonagall, praying she’d allow them all to rush to a bathroom.

END OF CHAPTER 5

Question for chapter 6: What will professor McGonagall do?

There are no answers to pick from this time: just suggest what you want and try to make it sensible. I’ll go with the best motivated suggestion this time.

