An Encounter with Ember

Author: HypnosFan

*000*2023-10-15 06:13

“Enter,” Ember says, her voice as sultry and inviting as ever. I still remember the feel of the wood against my skin, the creak of the door as I pushed against it with all my might, the intoxicating smells of the room, even the dress she wore that night.“You summoned, your grace?” I said as I solemnly marched into the room, kneeling beside her chair as I always did.

The only lighting in the room came from the fireplace and the glow Ember naturally emitted, an almost angelic light that gave her an otherworldly aura. I rose at the wave of her hand, keeping my arm crossed over my chest, scanning the features of her face from the side angle she provided me. It didn’t matter how many times I was summoned; her expressions always intrigued me enough that I couldn’t help but stare at her. The moment she turned to look at me, the climate changed, and my gaze wandered elsewhere. Her velvety chuckle sent a tingle through my body like a jolt of electricity. I had to bite my lip to stifle my moans. She didn’t make it easy for me, especially when she started stroking the underside of my chin. I purred for her like a little kitten.

She laughed softly, patting my head. “Good girl,” She cooed before returning her fingers to the underside of my chin, guiding my gaze back to her emerald-green eyes. I could feel the breath being forced from my body as I stared back, feeling the pull of her gaze as strong as a black hole. She sat back on the couch, patting the space next to her.“Sit here,” She says in that affectionate tone of hers. I obediently took my seat, barely managing a moan in reply to her request. She immediately thrusts her feet into my lap. The room suddenly felt warm again as her heel dug into my nether regions. She knew how much I enjoyed this feeling and took joy from the shuddering gasps that left my lips as my hands moved to their positions.

I massaged her feet as we held our usual meeting. She didn’t have to ask or command me to do it. I just wanted to do it. I craved the feeling of her feet against my hand, feeling her practically stepping on my lap and feeling my thumbs rubbing against the balls of her feet. We would talk about anything and everything. I told her about my latest conquests done in her name, and the evolution of my hypnosis style. She in return would tell me all about her day. Small things like about that neighbor that annoyed her, or that new song she heard at work. She had my full attention no matter what the topic was. I was obsessed with the sound of her voice, her laugh, anything having to do with her. Anything to keep her talking. “Hehe you're getting wet, aren’t you? I can feel it.” She’d tease me, snapping me from my stupor. I’d notice I was grinding against her foot a little, so aroused by her speech.

She’d curl her finger at me, and I’d lay my head down in her lap. Was this how clouds felt? Such silly thoughts were at the forefront of my mind, and they were the last things I thought about before the haze kicked in, and suddenly I felt numb. I didn’t feel like I was in that room, I didn’t feel her knees against the sides of my head, I didn’t feel anything. At that moment I was not a person, just a hole in the universe in the shape of one. When I woke up, I had already soiled myself, completely ruining my panties. 

My spirit came rattling back into my body, feeling the intense burning sensation of arousal, but I had no reference as to what caused this intense pleasure. A second later I lost my reason to care. One more stroke under my chin and I was back in that place, spell bound and grinning from ear to ear like an idiot. “Let’s play around with you some.” Ember would say as she held her hands up over her head, I would mirror the movement with less grace, as if she controlled all my motor functions through strings. I didn’t care that she made me touch myself, rubbing my fingers against the folds of my skin, feeling the wetness of my panties around my finger. I didn’t care about anything, all that existed was the desire to please her, and serve her every command. It was over as suddenly as it began, and I found myself oblivious and wet, wondering what it would take to return to her side again.

