The Night Is "Young"

Author: KawaiiUnknown

*000*2014-11-09 18:32

It wasn't much of a plan, for Ada to confess to Gunther during the chalet. But it sure was a quite scene to watch, and an awkward scene it was.

I was with the others who had just finished clearing up the area where we had our barbecue, and was just have a good time relaxing and chatting while Ada was still slowly and clumsily clearing up with Gunther helping her, to make the work easier for her. "Erm..Ada?" Gunther called out, "Yes?!" Ada, who was clearly shocked replied. She shocked voice somehow alerted us as we peeked from the curtains, seeing what the fuss was about.

Unfortunately, it seems that Ada had left some of the food open, and Gunther asked her to seal the food or else it may go bad. They finally finished clearing up and soon joined the rest of us in the room. "So now what?" I spouted as soon as Gunther walked in, and he heard me, "Well, maybe some of you could get a shower? I bet most of you are already tired." he casually replied, "Ok, but who is going first?" I quickly questioned him. "Maybe.. Let the guys go first?" Ada suddenly suggested.

It was a good idea to let the guys have a shower first as Ada and I, the last two to bathe, spent a long time in the bathroom, other than Gunther who deserved that long shower. I managed to get some comfortable clothing since the room can be cold at night, while Ada was looking like she was about to have a night jog, white shirt and pink mini shorts.

The night was unbelievably peaceful and calm, the perfect conditions for us to be sleeping in, but since it's a chalet, we played cards through the night.

It was around half past 2am when Ada started to drink a lot of water all of a sudden. "Is anything wrong?" Gunther ask Ada, who had a few glasses of water already. "No, I'm ok!" She replied with an assuring smile, but a certain instinct told me that this won't be ending well.

After a short while, Gunther went to check his wallet and asked "Is anyone still hungry? Cause I am. Anyone want anything?" No one was, except me."Final call! Anyone?" Gunther exclaimed since the others were so immersed in their game," Wait! Can I come?" Ada asked, "We are kinda running low on water.. I thought I could help and bring a few bottles back", "Sure, the more the merrier!" Gunther cheerfully replied. Since I knew that Ada had quite a lot of water just now, I better stay close to her in case something happened so I tagged along.

Dark sky, cold winds blew as the three of us slowly walked to the nearest fast food and convenience store that was still opened at this time. It was during this journey Gunther began to notice Ada's discomfort, so he walked with her, with me alone behind. "Like really, are you ok?" Gunther asked with caution,"Calm down, I'm fine, just had a little a bit too much of water just now." Ada tries to reassure him but her body language says otherwise,"Ok, we'll make this quick" He says as our walking sped up.

During that time, I was feeling really sleepy, the cold nights got to me fast. Gunther got the food and water, passing some of the stuff to me and Ada. Ada was already jumping from trying to control her bladder, we rushed from the store back to the chalet.

The rush left us panting before we reached the room, but before I went in, Ada whispered to me, "Just go in first, I need to talk to Gunther for a while, and good night." Ada's words and smile were the last things I heard before I went to the nearest thing that looked like a bed and dropped myself onto it.

My state of sleep was soon disrupted when I heard a scream outside the room. I dragged my body out to see what's happened and I was shocked that no one else woke up cause of that, that scream was loud. "What's the fuss about?" I rumbled as I opened the door, to see Gunther and Ada, both panicked. "I-I-I can't!" Ada says as she squirms around and Gunther is still in a state of shock. "Can anyone tell me what happen?"

I groaned as I looked at Gunther, "Ada! She confessed her feelings for me!" Gunther said, looking away from me and Ada. "Hold this!" Ada violently passed me the bottles she was holding, "I can't hold it anymore!" Tears rolled down her face as she released her bladder. Everybody was in shocked, looking at Ada, as the liquid flowed down the pink shorts she wore and puddled the floor. "Don't look!" Her face got red with embarrassment, I ran over and covered Gunther's eyes while looked away while it happened. "Why do I hear a gushing sound?" The blind Gunther questioned me,"Just shut up!" I shouted at him, as Ada was still going, the puddle getting bigger and bigger.

As soon as Ada stopped I tried to help her to the toilet as her legs were shaking, and Gunther was helpless at this point. "I..I just-" Ada couldn't even complete her sentence and she started to cry again, I tried to calm her down but to avail. The night Gunther went to sleep, in shock while I stayed next to Ada for the night.

Morning came and most of us were up, except the three of us. Gunther got up pretty early despite the events the previous night. "Is..Is Ada ok?" Gunther looked guilty as he asked, "She should be fine, just keep quiet about this ok?" I replied. Gunther sat next to Ada, who heard our conversation, who jumped out when she saw Gunther, scaring both of us too. "Um..Good Morning Ada." Gunther tries to start a conversation awkwardly, "G-G-Good Morning.." Ada's face flushes red quickly as she looked at him and walked to the toilet.

It was a night, what a night indeed.

