Not-So Cliche Summer

Author: Meowth

*000*2011-07-24 02:47

I had originally decided to blow the dust off this story and write another part for it, but upon rereading it, I realized it needed serious editing. So I decided to rewrite the entire thing! The parts (or part since it was originally only one) are going to be shorted so they're not overwhelmingly big.

Here is the part 1.

I can say with little cessation that some of the best times in my life were as a kid. I remember every summer my Dad would ship me out to my uncle’s farm. There had been a time when I dreaded the experience and pleaded with him to let me stay, yet every time my pleading would accomplish nothing and I would be sent anyway. I detested the trip with such intensity because all it did was destroy my summer –my time to relax – and replaced it with hard work and loneliness. It’s not as though I didn’t love my Aunt and Uncle and didn’t’ want to see them; I just simply wanted to enjoy my vacation. The idea of working from the morning to the afternoon and getting off only to be painfully bored and depressed was not a positive thought, but there did come a day when my feelings changed; it was the day I met Samantha. She made it all worthwhile.

I was still in my early years at the time, so my experience with “women” was quite limited. I mainly hung around boys at home, since having a girlfriend was in an ambiguous state of being unpopular and popular; of course, the silly labels I had to deal with in the city didn’t plague me in the vast countryside. It’s just you, and her. No one watching and no one judging, so if something seems alright, then it is! It doesn’t matter what the people around you say, because simply put, there are none. There is little question that the sheer isolation helped set the ground for the quest of self-realization and sexual acceptance we embarked on.

I must confess that the experience was much more difficult for me, and while I am certainly not complaining, it had a lot to do with the social norms that had been instilled in me and that I had chosen – the best way a boy of my age could ‘choose’ – to live by. I will admit that she could, in some ways, relate to me, since she went to school as well, and just like my school, which was a more urban environment versus her more rural environment, contained misappropriated judgment and the all too true struggle for acceptance.

The first word that comes to mind when I think of Samantha is divine. Her skin was naturally white and pale – much like the robes of an angel – and she had a tan that conflicted delightfully with it, helping balance it out to make it more subtle and alluring, as opposed to attention-grabbing and even somewhat gothic. She had long, straight, blond hair that reached just past her shoulders. I remember her being only a few inches shorter then I was; my best guess would be in the 5’4 to maybe 5’6 range - give or take a few inches. All in all, she had a stunning body, with a flawless face. For someone who worked out on a farm and was well versed in the world of manual labor, her face was incredibly smooth, clean, and well taken care of. She definitely wasn’t like any other girl I had ever met before, that’s for sure.

Every day after working the hours on the farm I was required to, I would go to play with Sam. There were times that I would finish and she would be there at my house, waiting. Other times, I would quickly make my way to her house and find her; regardless of how we met up, we took particular pride in seeing each other at least at one point in each passing day, it was almost ritual. There were, as if with almost all walks of life, exceptions; although, they were once in a blue moon, and whether it was through the window of a car as the other drove away, or a passing glance as one of us was called away moments before we could meet, we almost always managed to see each other at least once.

One odd thing about Sam, and I say this because it further helped differentiate her from the girls I was familiar with, was her choice in apparel. It was more common than anything to see her in shorts, but on more than a few occasions she could be observed in things such as loose-fitting dresses and skirts; which, you must bear in mind to be very odd for a young girl to wear if she is going to be climbing, rolling, and at brief moments, upside down! I, being a boy in the midst of maturity and adolescence, naturally, had nothing against it. I speak with no shame about this now, since looking back, I can say I was merely a curious boy with wondering eyes and precocious sense of discovery, but I did notice one other thing that piqued my interest and toyed with my fluctuating hormones – she never wore a bra. I, at the time, didn’t understand; after all, I didn’t have the knowledge or sense to deduce why she would choose not to, and I didn’t have the courage to ask.

Her choice in attire was one of the big causes of my interest in her. There were times when my youth and innate perversion had gotten the best of me, and I would sometimes talk her into doing things that would afford a good chance of her being physically exposed in some way. She would come outside in a dress or a skirt and I would attempt to lure her to the woods, maybe talk her into climbing a tree –showing me the “proper” method. I would do whatever my growing mind could conceive, while still attempting to deceive her.

There were many occasions where I had gotten glimpses of her body, as well as her underwear, but there was one occasion that stood out. I had talked her into climbing a tree, and as I explained before, I used my silver tongue to make her show me the “proper” method. When she climbed it, I took no quarter in my gazing. I could still name the color of her panties on that day, despite how perverse that may sound; although, it wasn’t her underwear which made that day stand out, since I had seen up her skirts and dresses on many occasions.

The thing that stood out was, for only a brief moment, she had found herself in a certain position, and due to this position, I was able to stare farther up her dress, and somehow, I managed to catch just a glimpse of her breast. While that may not sound like much of an accomplishment, I assure you, for me, it was glorious; after all, I had never laid eyes on a woman’s breast before, and as I understood, it was quite a taboo thing to see. There is also my certain proclivity towards the taboo, and while I have no desire to take things farther than necessary, I do happen to be one of the many people hard-wired to find interest in that which is not considered the norm, but I digress.

It was true that I greatly enjoyed the many occasions where she had inadvertently exposed herself, but there were other things as well, things that I had never considered until actually bearing witness to them. One of these things, or rather, moments, happened on a typical day. The sun was shining brightly, and the breeze was helping to off-set the rather harsh and imposing heat. I remember me and Sam doing what we could often be found doing –exploring the woods. While I can’t remember if we were following a familiar path or if we were pioneering a new one, I do remember the grass and brush was very thick and resistant. Sam was in a black t-shirt and a brown, loose-fitting skirt; her hair, as it could often be seen, was tied in a pony tail. I remember at some point she stopped me and told me she had to go to the bathroom. This was in no way suspicious or different to me; we often had to relieve ourselves in the woods.

As was the norm, she began to distance herself from me, doing her best to work her way through the opposing brush. I, to this day, do not know if she had simply gotten fed up with plowing through the brush, if she had simply found herself quite suddenly desperate, or if it was a combination of both, but she walked behind a tree that was only a few meters from myself, and much to my amazement and bewilderment, proceeded to squat down and lower her underwear. I could only make out the exposed sides of her that the tree did not cover, so I didn’t see anything amazing, but I could hear, with plain and almost remarkable detail, her urinating.

There was something about the hiss that she exhibited, something about the splashing the urine made as it rushed the dirt and slowly pooled together, only to overflow and run downwards, making a small river in-between her legs – at least, I imagine that’s how it happened – that drove me crazy. There was more to it than just the physical attraction though; psychologically, it seemed to be almost invigorating, while simultaneously tranquilizing. I didn’t understand my pleasure at that time, and I desperately tried to deny its presence. My urge to watch her urinate, it couldn’t be natural, or rather, normal. At the time, my naivety got the best of me, and that is indeed the way I felt about it.

I did, in a lot of ways, become a slave to my desire, which in retrospect, turned out not to be such a bad thing, but at the same time, my rampant urges and thoughts of her urinating and the like, combining with my pining to see her in the nude overwhelmed me with guilt. I feel if things had continued like that, I would have found myself going down a dark road of self-hate and depression, but fortunately, they didn’t. As one thing lead to another and our relationship grew stronger and more complex, I found myself learning independence and confidence in her example.

There was another event, one that occurred not shortly, yet, not long after, the prior. It was another day - blue skies, penetrating heat, and assuaging winds. My Uncle, being the nice man he was, often let me off from work on Saturdays and handled the load himself, as he always did when I wasn’t around, and that Saturday was no exception. Not wanting to waste a minute of day light, I quickly made my way to her house. It was sometime mid-morning when I was knocking on her door. Her dad, a nice man, who was not only friends with my Uncle, but also liked me for my manners and polite ways, answered. He let me inside and told me I could find her upstairs, in her room. With the typical haste of a young and energetic boy, I made my way to her room and saw the door closed. I had, up to that point, never had any sort of experience with walking in on people; in my home, the doors were always locked if someone wanted privacy.

As a result of my ignorance, I opened the door, and to my amazement she was in the middle of her room, hair down, a long white shirt draping below her waist, and a white pair of panties just barely visible below the hem of said shirt; coincidentally, her butt was not only facing me, but pointed towards me as well. She was bending down, and I watched as she quickly pulled up a pair of tight, white shorts up and over her shirt. She must have heard me, because as she pulled the pants up, she turned back and looked at me. I couldn’t think to utter anything other than a quick sorry. After seeing what I did, I quickly closed the door and stood flustered. I heard her voice, calm and without apprehension or embarrassment, tell me that I could come in. I opened the door as she buttoned her shorts. I repeated that I was sorry, but she didn’t seem too bothered by it. She told me it was fine and that I could have a seat on her bed, she was still getting ready.

I could see from where I was sitting the upstairs bathroom. I saw her approach it, even walk in, but mere moments before she flicked on the light and closed the door, her dad’s voice rang through the house. He was calling her. With only a moment’s hesitation, she heeded his call and exited the bathroom to go find him downstairs. With her out of sight, I found myself overrun with deviant thoughts, and lacking the experience and discipline to will them off, I acted on them. I quickly made my way over to the dirty pajamas sitting on the floor of her bedroom; they were purple with a yellow star design repeated many times over.

I wasn’t entirely sure what it was I going to do, but I did know that I wanted to find her panties. If upon finding them all I did was touch them, then so be it; the fact was, I had an uncontrollable urge to do so, and I needed to act on it. With a quick raise and examination of the pajama pants, I was initially disappointed. She didn’t appear to have been wearing panties, or she was possibly still wearing the same ones. My disappointment quickly shifted to excitement when I made another interesting discovery: the inside of her pajamas were damp! My first thought was that she had wet the bed, but that didn’t make sense. The dampness only covered the crotch area. It hadn’t run down her legs, up her front, or more appropriately, her backside.

I remember looking out her doorway nervously. It had only been a few seconds, but I was terrified she could walk in at any moment. With that fear in mind, I figured I should probably make the experience quick, while still making the best of it; after all, I didn’t know when a similar opportunity would occur. I, lacking any better ideas, grabbed the crotch of the pajama pants. The fabric was cool and wet, and oddly arousing. I then set the pants down in a fashion similar to how I had picked them up, and retreated over to the bed to ponder what had just happened. Despite my intense and evident arousal, I did not have any physical reaction to the event other then minor shacking –which was more related to the nervousness.

I sat patiently on her bed and awaited her return. I thought about the event, and played with the consideration that I could have sat there, touching and feeling them so much longer - if only I had known when she would have made it back. In the time waiting for her return, I pondered what the wetness was and how it had gotten there. Much to my disappointment, I figured it was possible she had simply spilled any old liquid there. I very much wanted to believe it was urine; it just didn’t seem very possible.

I then had an idea, I could smell it, or rather, I could have. It was too late then, since she was due back at any moment… then I remembered something. I had grabbed the area with my entire hand! There was no doubt that the smell, assuming it was indeed urine, would still be there. So, I quickly brought my hand up to my nose and inhaled. The smell was somewhat pungent, and while it was not as obvious as I had originally assumed it was going to be, I was able to conclude that it was urine. How it had gotten there was a completely separate matter though.

She eventually returned and joined me in her room. She was holding two glasses filled with what I quickly deduced to be lemonade. Even so early in the day, the drink was still refreshing, and was a sure fire way to fight off the predictable summer heat. After handing me my glass, she took a few large sips of hers, set it down, and walked over to the mass of clothes I had fiddled with earlier. My heart almost skipped a beat as I struggled to not start coughing up the lemonade I was attempting to drink. She picked up the clothing and nonchalantly placed it in the hamper. It was apparent she didn’t suspect a thing, and for all she knew, neither did I. I remember after that, she went back downstairs for a couple minutes, being sure not to rudely leave me in her room alone for a long period of time. When she returned, she finished the last bit of her lemonade and we headed out.

After leaving, we quickly discussed what we would do, and the answer seemed all too commonplace – the woods. We would head to the stream, and instead of stopping as we typically did, we would go past it and continue into the woods – area that was mostly unexplored for us. The stream was a decently deep, but slowly moving, river that we both loved not only for its aesthetic value, but because we were free to swim in the mostly clean and unpolluted water. Going past the stream was somewhat difficult for us since it was a pretty remarkable distance away, and while going there was not normally an issue, going past could run cause minor issues since we not only had to be home before nightfall, but because the brush was quite a bit more dense on ‘the other side’ – as we called it. Despite the decent expanse we had to cross, we arrived there not to long after leaving, and that was when things really started to get interesting.

Upon reaching the stream we went straight to the bridge of small slippery rocks that offered unstable crossing from one side to the next. While it may not have been the most secure passage way, it was the only one that didn’t involve swimming, and since the worse that could happen was slipping into the river and getting wet; we figured we were better off trying our best and at least having a chance at not getting soaked, instead of just jumping in the water from the get-go. Fortunately, our many experiences of climbing, jumping, and avoiding in the woods had trained our agility and tact to the point where we had little trouble getting across. I found her leading the way, which was pretty common. We typically alternated with her doing it far more often since she was significantly more seasoned in the wild.

As she stretched her legs from one rock to the next, my eyes glued to the well defined butt contained in her tight, white, shorts, I heard her utter something of how she should have went to the bathroom before coming out. She didn’t say it in any sort of desperate manner, but rather in a faux-annoyed and somewhat humorous fashion, but despite the fact she wasn’t desperate and would, with almost undeniable confidence, make it across the stream to relieve herself the conventional way – out of sight and out of clothing – I couldn’t deny my instant fascination and peculiar arousal. I did my best to focus on crossing the stream, but it was hard. My eyes were now glued on her butt not only for the purpose of pure admiration and desire, but now, I had glorious images of her pants becoming suddenly saturated and of urine running down her legs, all as she stood with her legs spilt, completely unable to do anything in such a compromising position.

We both, unfortunately and fortunately, made it across the stream completely dry, and in more than one respect. I had expected her to excuse herself, but she didn’t; she only continued to lead me through the woods. While the thought of her desperate to urinate was arousing, knowing that she wasn’t in enough need to casually excuse herself was somewhat disheartening; of course, the very fact she had to urinate at all was still better than nothing, even if it wasn’t that badly. As we progressed into the woods, I soon realized my assumptions were simply mere ignorance, for it did appear as though she needed to ‘go’, but for some reason, she didn’t.

Several times throughout our walk I would hear her give off a slight moan, or maybe complain about her desperation, and her outgoing nature regarding her bathroom related needs only grew more intense as the walk persisted. Whenever we would stop, her legs would come together like oppositely charged magnets and she would subtly bounce up and down, legs rubbing together, as she looked for the next direction to go. I, at the time, had no idea why she didn’t just excuse herself; it wasn’t as if she hadn’t done it without hesitation many times before, but I was too young to really factor in the many reasons why she might purposefully delay it; after all, it seemed rather odd to me, since in my school and around my neighborhood at home, people never really did things like that – in my presence at least - and because of that, I had never actually witnessed an accident happen.

I remember my hands shaking as the situation steadily dragged on and as she grew progressively more weighed down. The way I felt is still, to this day, somewhat hard to describe: it was anticipation, obsession, desire, and even vulnerability. It was almost as if I would do anything to see her lose control, but conflictingly enough, I didn’t wish any embarrassment or pain on her; I just simply could not get over the psychological, and to a lesser extent, physical, need to see her wet herself, or to at least watch her urinate.

So, with my conflicting feelings flying around in my head, running into and bouncing off my other fantasies and desires, I followed her and watched. I did my best, for the length of the event to not come off as too distracted, aroused, or consumed. Every once in awhile she would state her desperation, she would tell me how badly she had to go, and on a few enthralling moment she would utter something of how she was about to wet herself; I would respond with something simple and generic, something showed I wasn’t thinking too intently about the event. I would give her legitimate advice – advice I with agonizing propensity willed for her to ignore – to go to the bathroom before she lost control. Luckily for me, she always chose to ignore that advice.

There, after much anticipation, came a point where I knew things could not possibly go on much longer; something I recognized as both a blessing and a curse. It had gotten to the point where she was not only consistently stopping to make sure nothing unplanned slipped out, but to where her hands were taking turns in helping in the large task of ‘holding it in.’ Finally, my eyes scanning over her, always coming back to her delightfully formed bottom, I saw her step up on a fallen tree.

She had done it merely to travel over it, and I find it almost ironic that, given its small size, if she hadn’t been so desperate, she may have been willing to just completely stretch her legs over it and avoid the resulting problem entirely, but due to her added pressure on the rotted and old slab of wood, it cracked below her feet, and she slid, with no injury, but with compromised balance, to the ground. The fall itself was small, and she managed to remain standing, but the sudden shock was where the real ‘problem’ lied. I heard her gasp loudly and I quickly asked her if she was alright, and over my voice, certainly a sound I focused more on when I finished my question, was an intense, yet quiet hissing noise.

She stood there, not facing me, and not saying a word. My mind, judging by the noise, instinctively knew what had happened: she had lost control. I stood there, mirroring her actions of silence and stillness, watching as the object of my young and underdeveloped desires peed on herself. I could see in my mind the sight of her white panties getting drenched by the flowing stream of urine; soon overflowing on to and out of her shorts, but I didn’t have to imagine the second part, for I could see it happening in front of me. A fantasy I had for so long desired with bittersweet resolve. I watched as the bottom of the shorts became quickly saturated and a single line of urine began to run down her leg.

Soon, the wetness began to expand up her back area slightly as a stream of urine started to cascade straight from the crotch of the shorts to the ground, arching back and forth from her left leg. During the event, more streams, each of shifting intensity, formed on her legs, slowly making their ways to the ground. I remember looking at her feet, and what was not absorbed by her socks caused two slightly different sized puddles to form at her feet, one puddle for each foot.

I don’t know if it for was anatomical reasons, or if she had simply given up any desire to prevent the accident after it had begun, but for what seemed to be the entire calamity, her legs were spread a very natural distance apart. To me, and possibly to her, the event itself seemed to go on forever, but in reality, it finished quite quickly; this was mainly because, as I said before, she didn’t appear to making any attempt to stop the already out of control incontinence, so the stream remained hard and fast throughout – quickly draining her bladder of its contents.

When the torrent of urine finally came to a slow stop, she slowly turned around to face me. I wasn’t sure what to expect. I didn’t know if she would be mortified, amazed, or crying; after all, while it was true I knew her well, I didn’t know her that well. This all happened on my first summer after meeting her. I found myself quite relieved when she turned around, her cheeks red, but a surprised smile on her face. She seemed to have taken the event in stride, and in reality, thought it was hilarious. I didn’t have the courage to ask her why she held so long, but she did, on her own discrimination, decide to tell me that she was planning to go right after crossing over that tree, but the fall had scared her, and before she knew what was happening, it was too late. It was the first time I had ever witnessed an accident, and even now I can appreciate how fun and astonishing the event was; of course, it certainly wouldn’t be the last.

*003*2011-08-04 18:13

I appreciate both the comments, and I'm glad you guys liked it.

Flush, the reason I wanted to delete the old thread was because I would rather people not read the story in that more raw state. I have worked very hard and written a large sum of stories, all critiqued heavy, to get better, and I would rather show off the fruits of my labor, as opposed to the stories littered with the mistakes of old. I do plan on writing a part 2, but that will mostly be a rewrite of the rest of what you see in the old thread. I also have plans of writing a part 3, or rather, new situations and content.

*004*2011-08-09 05:55

Part II:

You would think that the amount of satisfaction and grandeur that can be attained in one day to be limited, and if not by the Universe, but by some divine apparition; yet, even after being exposed to such awe-inspiring events that, to an almost supernatural extent, turned out perfect in all respects, there was more. After Sam’s accident, we decided to head back to the stream; this way, she could clean up and prevent any unwanted stains or scents. Upon arriving at the water, I took particular note of her outfit: White shirt and white shorts. You can imagine the thoughts going through my head, but before I had a chance to do or think much at all, she jumped into the pristine, flowing mass of water.

After submerging herself, she quickly resurfaced; her clothing soaked, and just as I had suspected, almost entirely see-thru. She did not hide it, nor did she act ashamed. Thinking back, I’m glad she didn’t comment on my obvious and persistent staring. I’m not sure how I would have reacted; although, I can guarantee it wouldn’t have been smooth or coordinated by any means! After a brief time, she did, however, ask me to join her. I was more than happy to oblige given my out of control male tenancies; not to mention, the water did look quite refreshing. So, with little apprehension, I jumped into the river.

We did as the youth are expected to do in the water: we splashed it at each other, competed with each other in a variety of activities, and we worked our imagination into the mix the best we could. Despite the fun we were having, we knew that staying for very long was not an option. We needed to let our clothes dry before heading home. We could always come back in clothes better suited for swimming later anyhow. So after having our share of fun, we emerged from the water and sat under a large tree that grew several feet from the river’s bank.

It was hard for me not to stare and impossible for me not to look. Her shirt in its sodden state was, as previously mentioned, quite transparent, and of result, I could make out parts of her that were quite desirable, given me being like any other typical adolescent – quite lecherous at heart! Though, it was not just the shirt that fascinated me, but the shorts did as well, and while it was true that I could make out little more than the shirt that was tucked in to them, the very premise was erotic and taunting, and if you haven’t been able to deduce this sooner, I rather enjoy a tease.

I do assure you that seeing her in her such an exposed form was not that all that happened that fateful day. Things really began to pick up when we both realized that sitting the shade would not dry off our clothes nearly quick enough, and neither of us really held the idea of sitting the searing sunlight to much a level. I remember she was the first to suggest the removal of our clothing. She brought it up nonchalantly, but even she, the person whom had just wet herself, as well as drenched her white clothing, was embarrassed at the prospect.

I feel it goes without saying that I personally was simply flabbergasted! We both knew what it meant: sex. That is what sex was, right? Seeing each other naked? Of course not, and not even we, being young and green were inexperienced enough to believe such a preposterous notion, but despite all of that, our blood still ran cold with nervousness. I knew mine, and I could see hers. It was truly a great step in our relationship; it was a critical time. We were slowly crossing the threshold from friends to something more, to something more intimate; of course, we weren’t thinking of that at the time. We were more concerned with ‘nipples’ and ‘penises’.

Being human, she could recognize that my shyness could easy lead to great trepidation, so it did not take much smooth-talking at all for me to convince her to go first. I remember my heart beating, my hands shaking, and my body struck with a rather bad case of rigor mortis – in more ways than one. She stood and walked slightly to my right, leaving our nice spot underneath the tree. I followed her body as she walked. It was a body that I did not compare to others, for I did care to do so; since to me, it would always be perfect and ideal in all ways. She walked behind the trunk of another rather large tree.

I could only make out her sides, much like the day I had heard her urinate; if great minds think alike, then I do not deem it too far a stretch that great events share alike. I remember her voice was nervous when she told me she was going to do it; I found the nervousness cute. Not only was it out of nature for her, but it showed humanity. She was just as vulnerable a person as me! Well, maybe not just as vulnerable, but I digress.

I watched, at least what I could see, as she dropped her shorts. I waited for several moments. It was apparent she was afraid, and who could blame her? It was her first time exposing herself in front anybody in such a way – a way decorated by the primordial desires of exploration. She, in an inspiring approach, fought her fear and came from behind the tree. With her shorts gone, the white shirt covered her panties, thus making it so nothing more was exposed, yet the situation itself had gone from personal to something more. There seemed to be an unspoken change in the feeling regarding our actions, but it was not a negative one. I loved the sight of her like that, and I can say that to this day I still do enjoy a woman dressed as such. The look of a long shirt, just barely concealing a world of pleasure and evolution… or maybe I am merely perverse.

Upon looking at the masterful portrait that was her body, I came to realize something dire and soul-shaking – it was my turn. I stood up, and I would say fear flowed through my blood, yet it felt more as though my blood did not flow at all. I walked behind the tree we had been sitting under and stood there. It was easy to remove my shorts, but it was what came after which was hard. I instantly understood and related to what she had felt; the nervousness of coming out, showing your body to your other. I walked in her image, following her wise example, and I came out; although, I was showing much more then she was. I did not have a long shirt to cover my underwear, which much like hers, was white. I knew she could see my male counter-parts, and I knew my erection was, at this point, quite clear.

I do not remember our exact responses to each other, but I know they were nothing impressive - nothing more than words to display our sheer mystification and amazement with the situation. There was much unspoken though, words that could only be understood in the radiating light of the time. Anyway, she knew what was next, and without me having to press her to do so, she brought her dripping shirt up and over her head, exposing her underwear. I could not see anything new, much as it was before, but once again, there was another change in the atmosphere.

Seeing her in her panties, it was so psychology extravagant! The moment itself, and while I admit I am potentially guilty of remembering it in a false glory, was truly spectacular. Her body gleamed and glistened, even in the relative shade. Behind all the feelings of ambitious desire and the high only experienced from the thrill of pioneering new grounds, I felt somewhat helpless. I wanted something, yet I couldn’t figure out what it was. My lower body throbbed with desire and my mind begged for more.

When I left my stupefied state, I soon knew that it was once again my turn, so with little fear, I removed my shirt. It didn’t mean much since she had, on many occasions, seen me shirtless; honestly, I did feel a little guilty that I counted that as a turn, but then again, I was simply a boy. One who happened to be under significant stress, even if it wasn’t bad stress, and of result, I watched as she, her cheeks glowing the most sincere shade of red, placed her hands on the edges of her panties. She stopped for a moment and prepared herself. She then, remembering the strong persons she was, slid them downward, and let them fall to the ground. I gazed upon her canvas in admiration. Such beauty, such a blessing! How could I be so lucky? I did not see much, since she was standing straight up, but with her legs spread, I could make out the vague details, and I knew there would time to inspect with more consideration to detail later.

I then knew it was time, and I had no wants to prolong the event. I grabbed the waistband of my underwear and stopped, just as she had, to prepare myself. The only issue was that I was not reminded of how strong a person that I was, rather, I was shown how strong a person I could become. So, like I had done previously, I followed in her example, and dropped my underwear. My genitals, while previously visible, were left in far great detail, and my erection, which had been held down by my underwear before, stood out before the world.

Honoring the basing of our journey, we took our sodden clothing and placed it out in the sun to dry. We then took our places from before, sitting in the shade. The only difference was that we were completely naked – completely visible and exposed. Much like before, I found it hard not to stare, not to grasp at her body with my hungering eyes. I assume that she felt the same; since often enough, she would steal a glance at my body, curiosity getting the better of her.

We soon began, doing our best to overcome the sheer anxiety in the air, to converse. We asked each other questions, yet these were not the standard questions. They were of a much more personal nature - questions that couldn’t be asked in normal discussion without an eyebrow being raised in confusion and surprise. I don’t remember each question that was asked, but I do remember one. I, at that time, recognized the situation as being a perfect time to finally ask a question that had been plaguing me for quite the time: why did she not wear bras. The ideal framework of the event could be found in the fact that she would assume the question was not based on any other occasions, but rather, only on that occasion, where it was quite apparent she had not been wearing a bra. She had told me that they were uncomfortable, and that she only wore them when she was forced. I felt a bit stupid for not assuming that, especially given the rather ample amount of time dedicated to its discovery.

I then asked if it was the opposite about panties: were they as uncomfortable as bras, and if so, why wear them? She was not quite as willing to answer that question, and at the time, I did not know why; of course, now I can look back and say it was most likely for anatomical reasons, and she simply fell into a habit after being forced by necessity. She did, despite her trepidation, give me separate answer, and it is one that I, still to this day, love. She told me that if she ever leaked, her underwear would absorb it. It was an idea I had messed with before, but never really given it serious thought, but to hear her say it! It seemed even more gratifying then seeing her naked – for some unknown reason – and admittedly, it was much like a drug. I craved more. As much as I valued the response, I was merely human, and as such a typical creature, I sought, with much greed, more information and more pleasure.

That answer had sparked an opportunity. It had allowed for me to steer the conversation in a different, far more fascinating direction: bathroom habits. I, being a young man, took no heed, and with no beating around the bush, but with greatly calculated tact and subtly, I asked her an absolutely stimulating question. Had she ever wet herself, with, of course, the exceptions of earlier that day. I could tell the question embarrassed her, but given her soft smile and her delicate answer, I could tell I had not crossed any sort of inappropriate line. She had told me that she had, but did not supply any detail, and still, practicing that keen sense of tact and subtly, I asked for specifics, as in, when.

She had told me that it was something that had befallen her on many an occasion. I could not believe my ears, and unable to contain my hormonal lusts, I brashly asked for the most recent occasion. She shyly responded to me, and told the most recent occasion had been that very morning. I did my best not suck in all the air around me in sheer amazement, as well as realization. I say the latter for I suddenly remembered her PJ’s, and the wetness I had found inside of them. I asked her to explain, to tell me what had happened; after all, I was merely curious! I wasn’t a pervert looking for her to divulge the details of her failure to reach the bathroom in an appropriate manner for sexual gratification or anything, right?

She told me that, often enough, when she awoke from her slumber, she would have an urge to urinate – one that was normally quite bad. There were certain mornings, ones where bad didn’t quite describe it. She would simply have to jump out of bed and head straight to the toilet, or she, as she worded it, wouldn’t make it in time. She then stopped and asked me if I was enjoying her story. I noticed her eyes were on my once-again rising genitalia. I had, earlier in the discussion, explained to her what I knew of erections, so she now knew that I was finding great interest in her story. I didn’t know how to respond. How could I? Luckily, she dismissed the question with a giggle, a response that was very comforting to me on more than one level, and she continued.

She told me that she had, that morning, found herself in just the very predicament she had described; the only difference was that this time around, she didn’t quite make it. I asked her to explain, although I already had a pretty good idea of what had happened. I wanted to hear her say it, to admit to it, to confirm my thoughts. She told me that she got out of bed, ran for the bathroom, and she lost control before she was able to get her pants down. She explained that she hadn’t exactly wet herself, per se, but most of her accidents were like that. It would be an occasion where she would leak or hold it a little too long, and she would make it to the bathroom just in the nick of time, or maybe just a little late.

I wanted to inquire more, to pick her brain on the matter, but it was her turn to ask a question, and I did not fight it. While I do not know exactly why it came as a surprise, it caught me off guard when she asked if I had ever wet myself. The question itself made me contemplate just how much interest she found in the topic, as well as how normal the topic was in the common world. I told her that it had only happened once. It was back in my third year of school, or rather, the second grade. I had found myself in with a peculiar need for the toilet, but my teacher had no plans of letting me go. I spent a good time sitting my seat, squirming and whining, until the inevitable. I peed on myself. Fortunately, my fellow students took little pleasure in my suffering, and the incident did not stay with me; although, it was still rather embarrassing to recall.

*008*2011-08-15 01:33

Part III:

After I enlightened her on my embarrassing past, we spent the next several moments in silence, listening to the sounds of the forest. She then told me she had an idea. She suggested that we try wetting ourselves – on purpose. Her voice was calm and collected, but when I looked over I could see the redness of her cheeks. I wasn’t sure how to respond. I thought for a minute, and, stumbling over my own words, I asked her about our clothes. We had spent so much time letting them dry. She considered the notion and agreed with me, but she then followed up with another idea.

She said that maybe we could just pee in front of each other. I could feel butterflies in my stomach, but we had already done so much that feeling embarrassed at that point seemed unnecessary. I digested the butterflies and told her with a resounding yes that we could do it. Her face lit up with my answer; I assume this was because we were not only going to perform the act, but because she was most likely worried I may have questioned it or have called her out. The worry itself was ludicrous, since I was just as deep in the game of sexual cat and mouse as she was, but I cannot blame her for feeling such apprehension – I certainly would have too!

I remember a short silence, and then I asked what we were to do. She told me we would just walk over there –‘there’ being several feet in front of us – and we would just go. It was a simple premise as well as a simple plan, but after losing a game of rock-paper-scissors and finding myself the first to go, I learned that it was much harder than first expected. I was standing in the sunlight, her next to me, staring at my penis. I remember her asking me if I had to go, and I told that I did; I had drank the lemonade she had offered me hours ago, but I just couldn’t.

After what seemed to be an eternity of nervousness and anticipation, I finally felt myself getting close to release. I remember warning her that it was coming, and she watched on with great curiosity. I did my best to relax, feeling urine leave my body, pittering and pattering on the ground below. Soon, the stream started picking up, and the evident pitter-patter was replaced by a splattering as it went forward and made a stream in-between my legs. When the golden arch came to eventual drip and hasty end, I looked up at her, and she instinctively knew what my eyes conveyed – it was her turn.

I remember her spreading her legs and standing there; she was seemingly having just as much trouble as I was with release. I asked her if, after her prior accident, she had to go. She told me that she indeed did need to go; there was still a little bit left over from the event in question, as well as more that worked its way through her. I, much like she had moments ago, practiced patience and waited for her to become comfortable enough to urinate, and I can assure that each second becomes far longer when you are the observer.

Finally, she did just as I had and warned me it was coming; so, with great interest, I stared at the semi-visible pink spot in-between her legs and waited. It was then I then I saw a glorious sight; it was the site of urine trickling out and on to the ground, soon turning into a stream. Just as my urine had done, it made a pool on the ground. As her bladder emptied, we both watched as the pool overflowed and soon began making a small river in my direction. Unfortunately, the entire event did not last long, but I can say that something is certainly better than nothing, and that is for sure!

With both of our bladders emptied and our curiosities satiated, we went back and rested at the spot underneath the tree. Our bodies were heavy from the perpetual nervousness, but I feel we were both very pleased with that day. We did not get long to discuss what we had seen and what we had thought, for the winds were beginning to grow restless and the dark clouds were starting to blacken out the sun. We knew a storm was coming, so with that, we dressed – our clothes at that point quite dry, if not a little crusty – and headed home.

I am happy to say that my adventures with Sam did not end, but the topic was not re-approached, despite my immense eagerness to bring it up, for another week. I had found myself invited to a sleepover at her house, and as you can figure, it was just me and her. I said once before that her dad had a fond trust of me, and I do not know if it was as simple as he thought me capable of no wrong or if he was content with the thought of me engaging her in promiscuous activities – which does seem a bit ridiculous! – but I do know that his trust in me was not misplaced; for, I felt a great respect for his daughter and would have done anything for her.

I remember us sitting together in her room, the sun already departed from the skies, playing a board game, and while I do not remember what this game was, I do remember that we had been engaged in it for quite some time. As is the norm with any boy my age, I naturally found myself becoming distracted with other matters, and a good example of this would be her vestments! She was wearing a pink tank top, with, you guessed it, no bra. So you can imagine with that alone I was granted an eye full, but she was also in the very same pajama pants that, a week prior, had been left quit sodden by her rather modest morning accident.

A normal boy would be far more fascinated by her nipples, but if you think at this point I am normal than I can guarantee you are quite mistaken! I took every opportunity I could to catch a glance at her crotch without her becoming privy. I observed it closely, hoping to identify some kind of stain, and if there was not one to find, to maybe train my eyes to find them on her other articles of clothing, but I feel it is needless to say that neither of my ventures were too successful. Not only were the pajamas dark - which would make it harder to see - urine normally didn’t leave too clear a stain, and I can’t imagine her picking those pants out of her others if urine did; and of course, training my eyesight failed, given it was preposterous venture.

Our conversation was rather tame, since we had not brought up anything of a sexual nature, and out where we were, you had to really rely on a sense of humor to derive any enjoyment out of such a tepid and stagnant world – certainly a world not intended for the youth. This did not help at all my growing lust to discuss such matters, whether they be questions from me or too me. Oddly enough, it was not some sexual gratification I was after with such discussion, but rather my natural pioneering needs combined with my unique desires that created a psychological void in me. I had discovered an addiction or rather, a deficiency within my mind. It was a hole that needed filling, and sexual gratification was a convenient result.

The only reason I refrained from bringing it up was because of the fear I felt. I did not know how she viewed those events, and I did not know if she was interested in doing more similar things. So, with my doubts holding a secure place in my mind, I did not speak my mind, but spoke rather as result of it. Thinking back, I knew even then that there would most likely have been almost no consequences other than an awkward and fleeting moment, but even that left me feeling great apprehension. In the end, it made no difference, and for that, I have no reason to feel regret.

I remember her saying off-handedly that she needed to pee, and while for a split second I felt my heart leap in excitement, I quickly deduced that it was a meaningless phrase. She would merely stand and make way for the toilet, leaving me curious and quite anxious; after all, she had said it so nonchalantly! She hadn’t even looked me in the eyes – she was looking at the board game. With my spirits dying, I waited for her to excuse herself, but most curiously, she did not. As a result, my spirits started to once rise. I had never even considered her to risk such things in her own house, especially with a toilet mere feet away! Or was I overreacting? It was possible she didn’t even need to go that bad; not to mention, she could easily make way to her bathroom at any time – it wasn’t as if I could stop her!

As time progressed, so did her need for the toilet, and I watched on with fantastic awe. At first, she switched positions, and while I admit it could possibly be attributed, in part or in whole, to basic discomfort, I feel that going from a criss-cross position to on her knees was caused, or at least influenced, by her need for the toilet. I saw, as the minutes made their way by, as her hand rested on her thigh, and slowly made its way closer and closer to her bladder. It even got to the point where she was, with certain practiced subtly, bouncing in place. Even if she had, at that very moment, gotten tired of waiting and left for the bathroom, I still would have enjoyed what I had seen; even if it did not satisfy me in some divine sexual way, it did help fill that mental void, it helped satiate that addiction, and it helped offer a temporary cure to my deficiency.

When it had become painfully obvious to anyone, and not just to a keen observer such as myself, that she was in need of the toilet, I posed such a question: I asked her if she needed to pee. Sure enough, she told me that she did, and her reasoning for not going was that she wanted to finish up the game, and I must say I found that rather odd! She was, after all, not doing anything noticeable to speed it up. If I didn’t know better, I would say she was enjoying the desperation, and possibly putting on a little show – maybe even testing to see my interest because of her own doubts. Good thing I don’t know any better!

It eventually got to the point where she was standing and, much to my pleasure, dancing on the spot, a hand buried in-between her legs. She had me lift the board game to on top of her bed so she didn’t have to bend down so far to play, and I can assure you I had no problem with this. I watched on in curiosity, my heart beating fast. I asked if she was okay, and she told me that she was, but her strained voice said otherwise. She asked me why I had asked, as if she needed an answer. I told her, in honesty, that she looked like she was about to have an accident, and I said it with a bit of a laugh; for, I had no desire what so ever to make her think I had a problem with it. She gave a chuckle and told me that we had better hurry before that happened, and with that response, I knew with almost no doubt that she found these urine related proclivities of interest, and was most likely testing me.

Finally, it got to the point where she was finding it almost impossible to remove even a single hand from in-between her legs to play the game, and with that, she told me she couldn’t wait any longer. Maybe it was my lusting tendencies, that psychological void, or just the sheer testosterone flowing though me, but I summoned up the courage to remind her, with a teasing inflection to my voice, that she had said she was going to wait until the game was over. In a way, I wanted to convince her into waiting longer, but it was clear that no matter of innuendo would convince her to stay, for her desperation was simply too overwhelming. She informed me she just couldn’t do it and that I won; she then partly waddled and partly walked towards the door of her room, both hands keeping the impending waterfall from spilling over.

When she got to the door she quickly removed a hand from in-between her legs. It was physically visible in her movements that with the hand gone, her control had been compromised, so she practically ran to the bathroom, shutting the door behind her. If you remember, I said before that her bathroom was directly across the hall, and I, almost feeling with enough effort could develop X-Ray vision, stared at the door intently. It was almost no time at all after the door shut, blocking my view, that I had a stream of urine – loud and pristine. If she had made it, it was clear that it was by the skin of her teeth, and any added delay would have surely ended in disaster.

I listened to the stream and compared it to the sounds of when I urinated. I had heard it before on previous occasions, but given the many recent escapades me and Sam had embarked on, I had a new found interest in it. I considered gravitating closer to the door, but I concluded that the ends did not justify the means, and the risk was just too great. If her dad caught me listening to her daughter peeing, I would have surely been in for a world of troubles!

After hearing her wipe, I heard the toilet flush and the sink turn on. She then opened the door of the bathroom, me looking casually – possibly too casually – at the ground. She entered her room and sighed. Utilizing my aforementioned tact, I scanned her clothing closely, not identifying any type of wet spot or mark, and with this, I felt my heart sink a little. She told me how big of a relief it had been, and I was, and still am, quite sure it was; although, and quite selfishly – I must admit – I secretly craved her to not make it. I wanted with a great passion to her come back, her pants soaked, or at least a noticeable spot, but I had to put my greedy desires behind me and be content with what I had witnessed.

With the event in question over with, we took a seat on the floor, the same places we had been when we were playing our game, and we decided to just chat. I surely didn’t mind since it gave me plenty of time to stare at her pants and imagine their state if she had been less fortunate in her attempts to reach the toilet; although, we did not have much to talk about, and due to this, I found an opportunity to question her. I asked her, and I assure you it was in a teasing manner, if she had managed to get to the toilet in time. I had expected a cute smile and a resound confirmation she had, and while I was granted the former, the latter was entirely different! She told that something along those lines had occurred, but this surely meant something! If she had truly made it all the way, she would have said so, and I knew this, so I pressed on and asked her to explain.

She had told me that she may have had a bit of trouble holding it in once she arrived at the toilet, and I, being the sexually destitute young man I was, told her that she didn’t look that bad when she was heading to the bathroom, and as I’m sure you have already deduced, this was a lie, but, lie or not, it served its purpose of making her go on. She told me that sometimes seeing the toilet, and seeing the bathroom, or even on long car trips seeing the house, could increase the urge to go. This was something I not only understood, but could relate too, since I had on occasions prior, been rendered a victim to such the creeping specter. She also went on to tell me that when she had to open her door, that didn’t help her either, and that was quite understandable as well.

Much to my enjoyment, she had begun to digress, so I, still feeling great curiosity and mild confusion, asked her if she had indeed made it all the way. She smiled in response and told me that she had – mostly. At that point, I could not turn back. I knew I had to hear more, for stopping then would have been an affront to men everywhere! If a man embarks on a dangerous journey in search of treasure and he finds a golden doubloon, then left privy to the fact the treasure is indeed within his grasp, can he be expected to turn tail and run just because said treasure could be booby trapped? Of course not, for that would be spitting in the face of exploration and the fires of passion! So I, embarking on a journey of my own, spade in hand, began to dig for more information. I told her that she had appeared as though she had made it; after all, there were no resulting marks of wetness. With that, she finally told me the whole story.

She explained that when she had initially left the room, she felt somewhat confident she could make it, but once she had moved her hand to open the door, her confidence, as is the way with all emotions – so fleeting in nature – left her. Her need increased by quite a bit, and seeing the toilet was no helping hand either! She ran for the bathroom and upon entering she flicked on the light and closed the door behind her. She then, her hands on the hem of her clothing, dropped her pants to go, but mere moments before she had gotten her clothing off, she lost control.

I could feel great arousal flowing through me, and with that arousal, I found a new aurora of bravery. I used this to ask a risky question, one that would clearly show my interest for urine related subject matter: I asked her why her pants were not wet. I then explained that if she had lost control before getting her clothing off, her stream would have clipped the edge of the pajamas, thus leaving them at least meagerly sodden! I could tell that she was a bit taken aback by the extent of which I had examined the situation, but she was also slightly impressed. I feel it is safe to say that if I had asked most other people, I would have generally been met with an unfavorable response, but luckily, she was not most other people.

She said it was hard to explain, but after losing control she quickly managed to regain it, and that was when she dropped her pants. I pointed out to her that it sounded more like she had leaked, as opposed to losing control, but she informed me that when a woman starts going, she can’t stop, and if she does, it will normally be for a very short amount of time, depending on how much she has to go. She, being at the point losing control, started going and was only able to stop it for a split second, and that was the second she dropped her pants. I asked her how many times she could do it, as in, if she could do it multiple times in a row – maybe to stop an accident. She told me that each time a girl did it, it got harder to it again, and she was actually pretty surprised she was even able to do it once. If she had lost control for any longer than she had, stopping for even a second would have not only have been rather impractical, but quite impossible!

I took great interest in every word she said and I wanted to hear more - to know more! So I pressed the matter: I asked her the results if she had been delayed for five seconds. I was nervous to ask such a question, but it was getting to the point where if she called me out about my interests, there was no excuse I could make that would serve as adequate; so my trepidation was becoming less of a driving force in my mind. She told me that if she had been delayed in the room that she probably would have still made it, but potentially with a little more damage, and I, of course, took note of the fact she pointed out the location. I then restated the question, but this time added the little specific of in the bathroom. She informed me that the situation was then a different matter entirely! She told me that given how much worse she had to go at that point she probably would not have made it. Ah, life was great!

