Pee Police - I was only speeding because I needed to go!

Author: lucywild

*000*2015-04-10 22:21

Hi all,

This is my first full length desperation story. I'm trying out writing omorashi and from reading some of the other stories on here, I'm enjoying them and thought you might enjoy my effort too.

"Pee Police" - Speeding to try and get to work before I wet myself, I've been pulled over by a female cop who puts me through a humilating sobriety test followed by a very intimate strip search.

Let me know what you think of the story!

Pee Police

Dying to pee, I put my foot down. The engine roared as I picked up speed. Could I make it to work in time before I wet myself? I rolled my eyes when I heard the siren through my open car window. Just my luck. He couldn’t have been there when we were all crawling along at five miles an hour could he? Oh no. it had to be once I was finally motoring at a decent speed. I was only going that fast to be sure I got to work before I had an accident.

Now I could see him approaching behind me. Not only was I going to be late for work but I was probably going to get a ticket too. Just great. I watched the police car accelerate past me before a digital display flashed in its rear window. ‘Follow me,’ then an arrow pointed to the left. The car signalled and turned off onto the sliproad, I thought for a moment about continuing on the motorway, see if I could lose him but I was only three points away from losing my licence and it was more than thirty miles to the next turn off. He’d catch up again in that time for sure. Reluctantly I turned off the motorway and followed him.

Once on the sliproad he turned left again and then right into a tiny little layby, hidden from the main road by a thick clump of overgrown trees. He came to a stop and I pulled up behind him, feeling strangely nervous. I just hoped he hadn’t spotted that one of my brake lights was out too. I’d been meaning to get it fixed for ages but I kept forgetting to get round to it. Keep quiet, I told myself, don’t make it worse by talking too much like you always do. Just nod and smile and maybe show him a bit of you know what. I quickly undid the top two buttons of my shirt, tugging it downwards to reveal a generous portion of cleavage. I yanked my skirt up under my bottom to expose my thighs, hoping he was the easily distracted type.

When the police car door opened I swore under my breath. A woman. Typical. Female solidarity could be worth a try maybe? Worth a shot. Sisters together. Hmm, maybe not. She was taller than me, long blonde hair tied back under her hat. As she turned I had to resist gasping. I’m no lesbian but she was really beautiful, like she’d just walked out of the Hunger Games the winner, no older than 19 or 20, how young did they take them into the force? She was wearing a white shirt that accentuated rather than hid her ample boobs, a gaping hole was visible between two buttons as she turned and leaned into her car. I had only a glimpse at the perfect roundness of her bottom in her black trousers before she stood up but it was enough to make me seethe with jealousy. Why couldn’t I look like that?

I thought my boobs were a decent size but compared to hers they seemed hardly anything. And I could have sunk my teeth into a bottom that good. She began walking towards me with a notepad in hand and I felt another shudder of nerves run through me, interfering with my bladder. My desire to pee seemed overwhelming. I just hoped I could get this over quickly. I shuffled slightly in my seat as she reached my car and tapped on the window.

Her boobs were at my eye level as she bent down and I could see through the gap between buttons to the pink lacy bra underneath, presumably not part of her official uniform. “Licence please,” she said as I rolled down the window. I rummaged in the glovebox despite knowing it wasn’t there.

“I must have forgotten it,” I said, turning to look at her as she leaned in through the window. I tried a winning smile as my eyes were drawn to the view down the gaping top of her shirt to the fleshy roundness of her breasts, barely held in her bra. I felt another shudder in my bladder as the need to pee grew stronger. She stood back up and sighed, making a note in her pad before looking at me. “You look a little uncomfortable. Anything in the car there shouldn’t be?”

“No, nothing at all.”

She frowned as my legs continued to jiggle of their own accord. “Step out of the vehicle please.” I opened the door and stood up, tugging my skirt back into place as a cool breeze hit my bare legs. “Take a seat in the back of my car.”

“Why?”

“I’m going to conduct a search of your vehicle.”

“But…there’s nothing in there.”

“Then it won’t take long will it?”

I began to walk towards the police car, my desire to pee getting stronger all the time. I glanced at the bushes to my left and turned towards them, hoping for a chance to squat down out of sight whilst she was rummaging in my car. I made it behind a hawthorn and was just lowering myself when she appeared above me, yanking me back up to my feet. The pee that had been about to escape burned inside me as I gripped my muscles tighter, struggling to stop a trickle from draining out of me. I barely managed it.

“I told you to go wait in my car,” she snapped.

“I’m sorry. I was just going for a pee.” A strange expression crossed her face, one that I didn’t understand until later on. “Could you let go of my arm? You’re hurting me.”

She began dragging me over to the police car. “Sit there and shut up,” she snapped, slamming the door shut and locking me inside.

“But I need to pee!” I shouted through the closed window. She ignored me, walking back to my car. She climbed into it and I caught glimpses of her head as she bobbed up and down, searching for who knows what.

I looked round me at the layby outside the window. From here it felt like I was in the middle of nowhere. I couldn’t see a single car out there, couldn’t even see the road, just bushes and trees thick with summer growth. I looked down at my legs, still jiggling. She was busy so at least I was able to lift my skirt and press one hand between my thighs, pushing the fabric of my panties into my pussy, helping to hold off the flow of piss that was threatening to come out any moment. I couldn’t believe I’d become so much more desperate so quickly. Maybe it was the stress of the situation, maybe that third coffee I’d had before setting off.

The minutes ticked by and it became harder and harder to keep still. I had one hand under me, the other still pushing in my panties and to make things worse my clit had begun throbbing. I guessed the movement of my hand over the top of it was causing that animal response but it was the last thing I wanted at the time, to get turned on when I was bursting to pee. I thought I might wet myself in her car if she didn’t come back quickly. I rubbed my hand over the bulge in my lower abdomen, my bladder was noticeably overfilled. The slightest press made me moan with pain. It was agony just sitting here waiting. What was taking so long?

In my addled state I thought maybe I could let out a drop or two, just enough to ease the awful pressure I felt inside me. Would it soak into my knickers? Would it smell? I hadn’t seen her head for a while. Maybe she was having a nap in there. I took a gamble, shuffling forwards until I was on the edge of my seat. I hitched my skirt round my waist and taking one last look around me for anyone watching, I pulled my pink panties to one side, exposing the fleshy lips of my labia.

I held the panties with my left hand and used my right to pull my lips apart, not wanting any pee to trickle down my bare leg. I pushed my hips downwards and then relaxed my bladder just enough to let a single drop squeeze out of me. It soaked into my labia as I let another few drops escape. A tiny trickle squirted out and the relief was intense but only lasted a moment. All the pain and fullness I felt grew worse, my body wanted it all out of me. The taste of letting go had overtaken my mind. Suddenly I shuddered and lost control, a spray gushing out of me and hitting the back of the driver’s seat, running down towards the footwell.

“Oh God,” I muttered, pushing my panties back into place as the smell of urine filled the air around me. I felt no better. In fact I felt worse, having to wriggle in my seat to keep the rest from coming out. I could only watch the rivulets on the seat in front of me make their way down as I sat on my hands, rocking back and forth, scrunching and loosening my toes, trying everything I could to keep control. My knees banged into each other as I opened and closed my legs, squirming in my seat.

It was ridiculous. I was a grown woman acting like a little girl. I told myself to get a grip but my body was fighting me all the way. At last I saw the police woman climb out of the car and walk over to me. She unlocked the door and was about to speak when she sniffed. “Have you pissed yourself in my car?”

“No, no I swear,” I mumbled as she yanked me up and out. She looked at my bright red cheeks and then down into the car, sniffing again.

“Have you been drinking?”

“No, well does coffee count?” I laughed nervously but she remained stony faced.

See that line in the tarmac?” I looked down at a faded white patch of paint running along the edge of the layby. “I want you to walk along it until I say stop.”

“Can I please go for a pee first?”

“Urinating in public is an offence, did you know that?” I didn’t answer. “Start walking.”

I began as she said, placing one foot in front of the other as the fluid inside me sloshed around uncomfortably. I was almost at my car when she told me to stop.

“Now walk back towards me.”

She was leaning on her bonnet with her arms folded as I began to walk. I only made it a few steps before a jabbing pain ran through my bladder. I stopped dead as a squirt of piss escaped me and soaked into my panties, dripping through it and splashing onto the tarmac.

“Why’ve you stopped?”

I couldn’t tell her the real reason. It was too embarrassing. I began walking again, the edge of my warm and wet panties chafing my thighs. It took all the effort I had to stop any more from leaking. “Stop there.”

I sighed with relief, standing on the spot and shuffling on my feet. “Can I please have a piss? I’m begging you. I’ll wet myself if you don’t let me.”

“Turn around and shut up.” I did as she said, facing my car. “Now touch your toes.”

“Sorry, what?” I looked over my shoulder.

“Touch your toes or I’ll arrest you.”

I leaned forwards and stretched out my fingers, feeling the waistband of my skirt pressing into my bladder as I bent over and reached down, my fingers brushing my toes. I knew my skirt must have ridden up, I could feel the breeze on my damp panties. As I remained in that position, my hands gripping my ankles I could feel her staring eyes on me and my clit throbbed again. Was I getting turned on by her leering at my knickers?

“Keep still,” she said, her voice closer. She must be walking towards me. I tried my best as inside me another trickle of pee reached my panties, soaking through it and running down my thighs which were clamped together to try and hide my shame.

“I’m going to search you now,” she said, her voice quieter, breathing heavily. “Don’t move.”

“I really need to pee,” I whined. “Please let me pee first.”

“In a minute,” her voice was quieter again. I felt her hands on my skirt, lifting it high above my waist. I could see her behind me by looking past my legs. She was kneeling down on the tarmac. She hooked her fingers into my panties and felt their dampness. I could feel her breath on my thighs as her face came closer, sniffing loudly. She whipped my panties down to my ankles in less than a second. I was shocked by how brazen she was, clearly taking a gamble with how I’d react. My pussy was exposed to her gaze as I tried to decide what to do.

“Step out of them,” she ordered. I lifted one foot, then the other, kicking them to one side. “Go to your car and lean over the bonnet.”

I shuffled over there, another squirt of piss running down my leg as I tried to stop my bladder from exploding. I pressed my chest into the warm metal, my nipples rubbing through my top. “Spread your legs.”

I moved my feet apart as she began to run her hands up my left leg from my ankle. I could feel her fingers gently stroking my skin as she slid up me towards my dripping wet pussy. She stopped at the very top of my thigh before doing the same to my right leg. “Keep still,” she snapped as I felt another few drops of pee escaping. My knees were moving of their own accord, if I stopped now I knew I’d wet myself. Her hands gripped my buttocks, pulling them apart. She held me like that for several seconds, I knew she was staring at my tiny little arsehole. I felt something wet on it for just a moment, could it have been her tongue? She stood up and leaned over me, pressing her body against mine. I could feel the hardness of her nipples pressing into my back as she leaned in towards my ear, her lips brushing my skin.

“I need to check inside you now,” she hissed as her hand slid down my back, along the crack of my bottom, moving towards my pussy. “Don’t move,” she said again as one finger slid slowly into my pussy. As it moved up into me I couldn’t help but gasp, feeling my juices lubricate my hole, helping her into me, making my breath catch in my throat. Once she was all the way in, she held her finger there, wriggling it slightly from side to side. I felt my hips push back against her despite my desperation. A squirt of pee gushed from me, hitting her wrist. She yanked her hand out, wiping it on my bottom. “Keep your pee under control,” she whispered. “It’ll be worth it.”

Her finger brushed over my anus before nudging its way into my arse. The pussy juices that still coated it helped to ease the passage deep into me. I groaned into the bonnet, biting my lip as my clit throbbed ever stronger, my arse aching with a mixture of pleasure and pain. I held my bladder as best I could, hoping this would be over quickly. Finally she stood back up and stepped away, my anus shrinking back to shape as she slid out of me. “You can stand up,” she said, licking her finger as I turned to face her.

“Well, you can go,” she said at last. “But don’t speed again.”

“What the fuck?” I asked. “Are you insane? You just assaulted me in public. That…that’s wrong.”

“Don’t tell me what’s right and wrong,” she replied, turning to walk to her car. A rage washed over me. How dare she do this? I stormed over to her and grabbed her, turning her back to me.

“What the-?” she began. I clamped my lips over hers, silencing her. I plunged my tongue into her mouth, unable to stop myself. She edged her tongue onto mine, the two entwining together in hot breath and saliva as she stared into my eyes. I lowered my hands to her shirt, ripping it open to reveal her bra. She threw the shirt aside as I reached round and unhooked her bra in a rush of passion. When her breasts came free I was awestruck, they were enormous, the nipples bright pink and sticking out as goose bumps covered her bare flesh. I grabbed one boob and pulled my mouth free from hers, leaning down and flicking my tongue over her nipple, kneading the flesh with my hand, exploring her chest.

My bladder warned me it couldn’t last much longer so I reluctantly let her nipple slop out of my mouth, seeing it glisten with wetness as I pushed her backwards until she was draped over her bonnet. I yanked at her trousers, forcing them down. Her panties were so damp they were see through, the outline of her lips clearly visible as I tore them from her and tossed them aside.

She looked up at me in silence as I climbed onto the bonnet and squatted over her face. “Open your mouth,” I said. She shook her head. I glared at her. “Do it!” She blinked at me as her lips parted to reveal her teeth, her tongue sticking out. “Don’t move.”

I put one hand on her head, holding her in place as I put the other on my stomach, pushing at my bladder as I relaxed my body. A single drop of urine fell from me, falling through the air to land on her outstretched tongue. There was a second where nothing else happened and then I felt it gurgling inside me, forcing its way out. I sprayed piss out from my urethra like a waterfall. It hit everywhere, soaking my thighs, splashing into her hair, running over her face too but most of it fired straight into her waiting mouth. She swallowed quickly, greedily even as I squeezed the muscles inside me, the agony of desperation fading as hot piss flew from me as quickly as it could onto her eager face.

I angled my hips down a little, the remaining flow running down between her breasts before trickling all the way to her pussy and then onto the ground. As the torrent began to weaken, I lowered my body to her face, feeling her tongue slide straight up into me. I kept hold of her head, grinding my body against her, using her to my advantage, enjoying the sensation of her being in me like this. Leaning forwards, I thrust at her as her hand came up to play with my clit, rubbing my nub in gentle circles that moved faster as the minutes went by.

Her other hand was in the crack of my arse, sliding into my tiny hole as I screamed with pleasure. I felt an orgasm build up inside me as she stroked my clit ever faster. It hit me a minute later, all the muscles in my pussy tensing then contracting as my climax tore through my body. She knew just when to stop touching me, her finger sliding out of my arse as her tongue slowed inside me, licking at my juices until I’d stopped moving over her. My legs were shaking as I climbed down from the bonnet and stood looking at her body, naked apart from her shoes and socks. She looked incredible, my piss coating her, reflecting the sun as she stood up, as if she’d been covered in baby oil. She wiped my pussy juices from round her mouth and looked at me for a moment. I waited to see what she might do.

“Kneel,” she said, “right now or you’re coming to the station.”

I knelt down and she grabbed my shoulders, bringing my face towards her pussy. I got a second to look at her shaved lips coated in wetness before she began to pee. It shocked me so much my head jerked backwards but she held me in place. The warmth of it surprised me, burning hot as it stung my eyes. I opened my mouth, tasting it as it ran down the back of my throat. It seemed to go on forever. I blinked it from my eyes as she kept peeing for almost a minute. It burned the back of my throat as I gulped again and again. Finally she stopped and I went to stand up but she held me down, bringing me closer to her pussy. I could smell the piss on her. “Lick me,” she snarled.

I stuck out my tongue and lapped at her lips, running my mouth up to her clit and sucking it over my teeth, feeling its hardness. I pushed a finger up into her pussy and began to fuck her, my tongue on her clit as she gripped and tugged at my hair, her thighs clamping round my ears, juices running down my hand as I slid out of her before ramming two fingers deep into her.

“Fuck me,” she shouted, “fuck me, fuck me! Keep going. Don’t ever stop.”

I sucked harder at her clit as I felt her pussy tensing round my finger. Was she going to come that quickly?

“Oh fuck,” she screamed, her nails digging into my scalp as she thrust her hips into my face, her pussy contracting round my finger. Her whole body bucked and writhed as she came, banging into the car before slumping down to her knees in front of me. She panted heavily as she opened her eyes and looked at me, grabbing me and kissing me deeply, seemingly without needing breath. She held me tight and we rose to our feet, still kissing. At last she let me go, running her hands over her own body, feeling my warm piss still clinging to her.

I turned to walk back to my car, wanting to get dressed and go. “Where are you going?” she asked from right behind me. Before I knew it there was a pair of handcuffs clicking over my wrists.

“What are you doing?” I asked as she grabbed the cuffs and used them to drag me over to her car. She opened the back door and forced me in. I lost my balance and fell forwards onto the seat, the leather cold on my naked skin. I turned my head to see her grab something from the boot and then she was behind me. I wanted to roll over but couldn’t move, my hands crushed under me and her climbing on top of me and then I realised what she’d grabbed, a strap on dildo. It pressed between my bottom cheeks, forcing them apart. The cold lube it was coated in felt slick on my buttocks as it nudged into me, my arsehole stretching painfully to let it inside. She moved slowly once she was in, edging further into me until with a final thrust the fake cock was buried in me as far as it could go. She stayed still, her body on top of mine as my arse slowly widened to accommodate her.

“I’m going to fuck you now,” she whispered in my ear. “Do not come until I say so.”

Her other hand was doing something under me and then I felt a second dildo by my pussy, sliding straight up into me. I moaned into the seat as she began to grind her hips against me, the dildo in my pussy pressed into my g-spot as she fucked my arse.

My clit throbbed as it rubbed against the leather of the seat, I could feel an orgasm building in me. “Please let me come,” I whined. “Please. I can’t hold back.”

“Not yet,” she growled, thrusting harder. She was pressing into my buttocks with all her weight, the dildo in my arse seemed too small now, I wanted to feel filled completely. Her fingers began stroking under me, feeling for my arsehole, gently rubbing the sensitive nerve endings as she slid all the way out of me and stopped. I lifted my hips into the air, desperate for her to be in me again, both my holes feeling gaping and empty. “Please,” I moaned. “Please fuck me.” I twirled my hips, trying to tempt her.

“Now you can come,” she said as she slid into my arse and my pussy at the same time, fast and hard. As she filled me totally I felt a climax spread out from my clit in seconds, washing over my entire body as I clenched my fists under my chest, fighting the cuffs that held me in place, my whole body wriggling with uncontrollable pleasure.

She stopped thrusting when I came, waiting for me to lay still. I was gasping for air and the orgasm wasn’t even over when she began fucking me even harder. In seconds another climax hit me and I screamed for joy, biting my lip so hard it drew blood. All the air left me as I collapsed into the seat. She kissed and nuzzled my ear as I recovered slowly, the sweat coating my back making her slide over me, the dildos in me easing their way back out. My whole body ached as she helped me stand up, undoing the cuffs before passing me my clothes.

“Fuck,” she whispered. “That was intense.” She stared at my body as she took off the strap on, holding it in one hand, the other brushing the hair from my eyes as she stared at me.

“I know,” I replied, grinning as I slowly got dressed. I kissed her softly on the lips. “See you at home tonight?”

The End (of volume 1!)

Hope you liked it. I'm publishing my stories on Amazon for Kindle as a lesbian watersports series called The Peeagram books (I was going to call them pissagram to rhyme with kissagram but it was a bit sweary for Amazon's delicate ears!) There's five more stories in the series so far and I've been experimenting with pregnant desperation in some of them too. I'm not sure if anyone else is into pregnant watersports and omorashi or if it's just me. Thanks for reading and if you'd like to support me, have a look at my author page: Lucy Wild author page

*004*2015-04-11 22:33

{{: 

Amazing, easily the best fiction I've ever seen on this website, the details and the whole story took me into another world. I'll be sure to check out your author's page on amazon, keep up the great work!

}}

Thanks for all your supportive comments, great confidence booster to keep writing! Let me know what you think of my books and I'll keep posting stories on here for you all to read!

