The Battle Of Bad Timing (The Battle Of Xandra)

Author: Varys

*000*2012-10-25 23:37

Alex shifted from one foot to the other uncomfortably, keeping his eyes on the hills surrounding the eastern guard tower. Behind him, he could hear Azores doing the same. Their job was to keep their eyes on the barren, albeit hilly, plains surrounding the city of Xandra.

But of course! You have not heard of Xandra before, have you? Alas, the tales of Alex, Mona, Azores and Icezom have long been lost in the abyss of forgotten stories. In that case, where should I begin...?

Many long years ago, a certain man, King Gratien Draiocht, sought to expand his empire to those of the ancient species of Michegal. The elves, dwarves, draegonae, goblins, orcs and trolls, were all in danger due to his greed. He created massive armies whose sole purpose was to wipe out the majority of these species, and take leadership of their respective domains.

Now, the King never had the best relationships with these species, but there were some people in the kingdom that did. The magii — mages, magic-users — had much better relationships with the other species. This was due in no small part to the fact that the magii weren’t as easily accepted by the general population, thus they had a basis of common interests: to be accepted.

And thus, the magii were quite opposed to this regime. Draiocht, of course, was irritated by this, and did the only thing he knew how to do. He waged war upon the magii.

Battles were fought, and the magii prevailed. Luckily for them, ageing wasn’t as acute a problem as it was for Draiocht’s forces. You see, the magic in a mage’s blood slowed the process of ageing. The more a mage uses magic, the longer they live, up to a maximum of about fifteen hundred years, of course.

The irony of it all is that Draiocht himself is a mage. His near immortality erases all doubt of it.

Now, Yanli Bepeic is the leader of the resistance. Under his command are Icezom Kamin, Eslam Dionite, and Mona Socreates. Under Mona Socreates stands Alex Jayson. Alex is one of the most powerful magii the world has seen in an age. But we’ll come to that later.

“What’s our time?” Alex heard Azores mutter.

Alex glanced at the moon, just having risen over the western horizon.

“’Tis not even one bell past sunset,” he replied, shifting his weight again.

“Ugh. What a perfect situation we find ourselves in; am I right?” The werewolf asked him.

“No kidding,” Alex muttered. Ah yes, I forgot to mention, Azores can see the tenor of a person’s thoughts. It helps in diplomatic envoys, and helps him know when someone is keeping something secret. Not all wolves can, mind, though each have their strong points.

This situation that Azores mentioned – see, as a watcher in the guard towers, you cannot stray from your post for even the smallest amount of time. Especially not in a city the size of Xandra. This makes for some interesting circumstances, such as this one. The lack of any ‘facilities’ in the guard towers is troubling. At least, to those who forget about their shift and do not think to make use of an available privy before their time.

So found Alex and Azores in the tower barely two bells into their shift. I should probably mention also, that the term ‘bell’ is derived from every fifteen degrees the sun or moon moves after it parts the horizon. It’s an archaic form of measuring time, but used often in cities for keeping the passage of time for the guards’ shifts.

This being their first time as tower guards, they had not known of the strict rules of the tower until it was too late. So as they kept watch over their sectors, they also kept hold over their bladders. Now you see why Alex has been fidgeting? Well, not to say that Azores hasn’t been either, but I only mentioned that in passing.

Two bells passed, and the situation hadn’t gotten any better. It had, however, gotten worse, as things like that tend to do. In his corner, Azores was growling to himself softly, his eyes still on his sector, and the remainder of him shuffling around restlessly.

Alex, meanwhile, had found a place where he could lean against the wall, and still see his entire sector. So there he stood, legs crossed, relentlessly shifting positions, bright aqua eyes sweeping the western horizon. It wasn’t long before he gave a sharp intake of breath and moaned quietly.

“A-Azores?”

“Mhm?”

“What’s our time now, do you know?”

“Three bells in, almost, and three left to endure,” he replied, shuffling his feet uncomfortably before bursting out “I hate being in a human body! Hate it! This body is weak! Even the most basic things are pain—aah!” Azores scrunched up his face, doubling over, and clenching his fists at the knees of his winter clothing. “Painful,” he finished quietly.

Alex stared. Not only was Azores admitting weakness, but over a reason as small as this?

“We’re in the same situation, Azores. Don’t worry about it,” Alex said, walking over, his legs pressed together tightly.

And so, more time passed, with both Alex and Azores showing their ever-increasing signs of desperation. Alex bounced in place, clenching his fists, and longing to grab his crotch, but no! Not in front of Azores! Speaking of whom, Azores had shifted from Alex’s line of sight, resting his back upon the glass wall of the massive yellow lamp in the center of the tower. It was a lot hotter then he’d like, but it wasn’t painfully so. So there he stood, one leg crossed over the other, and being out of sight of Alex, and in a relatively quiet, hidden place, he was able to tightly grip the front of his royal-blue guard’s uniform when he felt he had no other choice.

Finally, just as Mona Socreates had predicted, something happened. In the east, Azores’ side of the tower, lights began to pop up. From whence they came, with a sharper ear, the whinnying of horses and the steady pounding of many hooves could be heard. Riders, cloaked in black, disguised in the night, were converging upon Xandra.

Draiocht’s forces had come.

“Alex!” Azores shouted, turning quickly toward him, only to find him bent double, his clenched fists on his thighs. He payed it no heed. “Alert our forces, they come from the east, sheathed in the night!”

Alex snapped straight, his predicament forgotten in his concern for his brethren. “Aye! Make ready our armour and swords! I shall be back quickly!”

With that, he jumped for the stairs and started down, two at a time. The jouncing reawakened his need however, and he bit his lip, finally grabbing himself. He could not slow!

The floor Alex had been on was one hundred feet up, eighty-four stairs, spiralling to the ground below. Alex covered these in less than a minute. When he got to the bottom, he leaned against the wall, counting his breaths, until he regained complete control. After seven breaths, he took his hand off his crotch again, and burst from the tower, sprinting towards the east barracks.

“They come from the east! Cloaked in the night!” Alex shouted as he shot through the doors of the barracks. “Draiocht’s forces have come!”

The room was silent for a split second before Mona Socreates, dressed in her white robes, shouted out “Make ready the defences! Man the towers! Prepare for battle!”

“Alex,” she quickly said, turning towards him. “Get back to the tower, get your equipment, and return here as quickly as you can. Drag Azores along with you, if you will,” she then turned, and started shouting orders to the rest of the forces, but Alex had already ran from the barracks.

Back at the tower, Azores had laid Alex’s armour on the table, and transformed into his taller, stronger werewolf form. At that, he donned his own armour, and strapped his sword to himself. His bladder was no longer a problem, in this form.

Alex sprinted back through the door as Azores put on his helmet, and immediately started pulling his armour on. “Mona needs us out there; she will send more up to relieve us here.”

Ironic word to use. “Aye. When you’re ready, we head to the barracks.”

“Alex, Azores! Quickly, you’re with me. I need all of my best fighters on the battlefield,” Mona shouted to them, waving them over to her place at the gates, with the majority of the city’s forces. “We meet them head on, and drive them back towards the river.”

“Aye,” Alex said, feeling the familiar and welcome coldness of his own power take control of his mind and body.

With that, the gates opened, and the forces rushed through, onto the plains before Xandra. Draiocht’s forces could now be clearly seen marching forward, their numbers high in the thousands. The front lines were riders, the ranks behind mere swordsmen, and in the back were their rangers.

Mona murmured something incoherent, and the bows of her archers glowed a bright purple colour.

“Archers! FIRE!” She barked, raising her staff.

As one, four hundred arrows sprang from their owners bows, and showered down over the front lines of the enemy, just as they began to speed up. Even from here, Mona’s forces could see many of the riders fall from their mounts, their horses rearing back and faltering as they stumbled over the bodies of their masters. The remaining hundred riders only redoubled their speed and pressed on.

“Archers! Take aim and remove those remaining from my sight!” Mona shouted.

And they did. The riders, one hundred strong (or thereabouts) fell, and their horses were scared off. The rest of Draiocht’s forces marched relentlessly towards the smaller resistance force, but even outnumbered, the resistance knew that they were making a horrid mistake.

For at this moment, as the last of the riders fell, Yanli Bepeic and the rest of the Xandra magii had appeared behind the force from Draiocht, and immediately started pushing them towards the rest.

“Archers, fire at will! Magii, swordsmen, FORWARD! Drive these bastards to the river!” came the call from Mona. As one, the resistance drew their swords and yelled.

Alex drew the sword from his right side, and held it diagonally towards the ground to his left. Then, with the rest of the forces, he ran forwards, casting a shield charm in front of him as he did, to protect from arrows.

Draiocht’s forces panicked, and took the only exit they had, just as Mona had predicted. Some of them surrendered on the spot, and were stunned by Bepeic’s magii. The rest retreated towards the river, some running pell-mell towards the water.

Mona’s forces were faster, and crashed into the ranks of swordsmen with wild abandon, slashing the enemies down and firing enchanted arrows to the ranks further back. But Draiocht’s forces weren’t completely useless, either. With skill that could only have been orders issued by a captain, Mona’s forces were pushed before them to the river. From behind, Bepeic’s force still fought, bright lights flashing and reflecting off of shields and swords being deflected by other swords. Alex’s bladder throbbed painfully in warning, as he registered the sound of the river, growing louder, millions of gallons of water flowing by every second. A thin stream of pee was released into Alex’s pants, against his will, and before he could stop it. For three seconds, it flowed, before Alex was able to stop it, feeling the wetness on the front of his pants, the size of a goblet.

Alex started and held his dwarf-make faradain metal sword at the ready as one of the larger men of the King came towards him, swinging his two-handed sword wildly. Alex caught it, and pushed the giant sword back, but in a moment of unbalance, the larger man kicked him down.

With a cry, Alex fell backwards down the hill, onto the beach at the inner meander of the river. Dazed, his head in the sand, and the loud rush of the river in his ears, he felt warmth spreading through his pants. Quickly, with his unarmed hand, he gripped his crotch as hard as he could and managed to stop the flow, just as the large man came to him again.

“That’s right, let yourself go,” he laughed, leering at the desperate mage. With a roar, he raised his sword again, and began to swing in for the killing blow. With a cry, Alex flipped back on his hands, and onto his feet, as the sword crashed to the sand where he had been only milliseconds before. At that, Alex brought his own sword in, and slashed a deep gash in the man’s chest. He growled, and dragged his own sword up out of the sand.

Alex’s bladder burned horribly now, and his already damp pants egged him to continue. He couldn’t do anything to help him hold it now, though; with the giant of a man baring his teeth at him, standing in the darkening sand, his own blood trailing its way down his torso and dripping to the ground.

Again, Alex stepped in, too fast for the man to react to, and slashed a gash perpendicular to the other. Slipping around his back, as the man growled loudly, trying to turn to face him, Alex delivered his own killing blow. His sword sang oddly in the air as he stabbed, the blade sinking like a hot knife in butter into the man’s back.

With a gurgling noise, he fell to the sand, and Alex pulled his sword back out. That was the end of it for his bladder, though.

With a quiet, but ever-increasing hiss, his bladder released itself. The crotch of Alex’s royal-blue pants darkened, and trails of pee snaked their way down the legs, into the sand, and down towards the river. His hard-as-stone bladder began to loosen, and relief flooded his mind. There he stood, leaning on his sword, gasping breaths as he wet his pants. For nearly a minute, the warmth flowed from him, before it slacked off, and trickled to a stop.

Alex squeezed his eyes shut shamefully, before barely audibly whispering “Tepido sico.” His pants quickly dried, and warmed up, and Alex stepped out of the puddle he’d created.

But he couldn’t stay—he still had a job to do. With a hiss of annoyance, he sprinted back up the slope—only to nearly be bowled over by Draiocht’s forces coming that way. He brought his sword to the ready, just as the forces reached him.

Azores swung his broad, double sided axe again, and beheaded another of Draiocht’s troops. Push them towards the river, she’d said. And that he’d do.

With a roar, turning many heads in both armies, he began rushing Draiocht’s main force. Few froze in fear—most of them simply turned and fled. Those who remained were either stunned, or killed outright by the resistance force. A hundred meters in front of him, Azores saw Alex crest the slope before the river and ready his sword. With a quick blink of his eyes, Azores teleported, reappearing just behind Alex, and readying his own weapon.

Mona saw Draiocht’s force halt at the sight of the werewolf and mage in front of the river. They had no escape now. She smiled widely. They had victory.

Back in the city, there was minor celebration, and Alex and Azores were praised for their tactics in the heat of battle. After two bells in the large tavern in the center of the city, Alex and Azores excused themselves from the throng to go for a walk.

After they were out of sight of the tavern, Alex noticed that Azores was still in his werewolf form. “Why haven’t you changed back?”

“Most comfortable in this form,” he shrugged. “I almost never go human, so I’m not surprised that I forgot.”

“Well change back, you being a foot taller than me is disconcerting.”

Azores sighed, and closed his eyes. With a shifting of bones, and a significant amount of shrinking, Azores returned to his human form.

“There, are you ha—” he started, before suddenly crying out in severe pain, and bending double, both hands flying to his crotch.

Alex’s eyes widened as he discerned a quiet hiss coming from Azores. He watched in amazement—and interest—as Azores’ pants darkened at the crotch, and his pee trailed down his legs, where it pooled in an ever-expanding puddle on the flagstones below. Azores’ face turned scarlet with embarrassment as the puddle reached Alex’s feet, but Alex didn’t move. After more than a minute and a half, the hiss disappeared, and the only sound was the steady drip, drip of Azores’ pants.

“Christ,” Alex whispered. “You weren’t kidding when you said that your wolf body was stronger than your human one.”

“Damn right,” Azores said weakly, before sighing, and sinking to the ground, against a wall, dejected.

“Don’t feel bad, Azores,” Alex said quietly, “At least yours was in private. And not on the battlefield.”

“You wet yourself?” Azores asked, looking at Alex, surprised.

“Damn right,” he echoed, kneeling down. “I never got to go at all. And think this, you lasted a helluva lot longer than me.”

“Well,” Azores replied speculatively, “I was in a different body...if you want to test that theory, I hear the ale here is good.”

And so this is where our story must end! But mind, this is not the whole story. There are more battles to be had, and more yet that have already been experienced. Enough lore of these adventures to fill many books! Perhaps, at some point in the future, you will see one of these books, and then remember the story of the Battle of Xandra, or as Alex was apt to call it, The Battle of Bad Timing.

*002*2013-01-23 20:36

{{:

I am surprised that no one has replied to this yet, it is a superb bit of writing, albeit only a short chapter.

It is also a common enough task; being stuck on guard duty like that without having being told the restrictions in place. I certainly would have been narked off if it had happened to me.

"Hey, you're on guard duty here for the next 12 hours until morning, oh and by the way, no breaks allowed, no stimulants, no coffee and above all, no toilet facilities"

Clearly if it had been me and I was atop a guard post I may have watered the outside edge and hoped it wasn't spotted. Sure as heck would have been heard, dropping all down that distance :D

So, yeah. Also good in a way that when he lost it on the battlefield he killed the one who saw it and dried himself off, effective damage control right? ;)

Is there another chapter for this story by the way ;) :D

}}

I'm not surprised that you're the only one to comment. Male omorashi generally gets a lot less attention then that of the opposite sex.

This is just a short spinoff of a wholly unrelated story, actually. Once I actually get to the point in the novel that this takes place, I plan to reference this. Otherwise, no, there's no second chapter to this, although I might do a couple of little pieces here and there, perhaps before the events of the novel, or after, involving other characters. Thanks for reading!

