Potty Training

Author: GᒪITTEᖇGᒪᗩᗰOᑌᖇ

*000*2015-05-27 03:39

Since Elise was a kid, it was hard for her to control her bladder. She never put that strict discipline her bladder deserved, frequently having embarrassing accidents. Now she was 20, a true adult. Ever since her turning this age, Elise has been trying to control her bladder- a thing she found impossible to do in her 'old' life.

"Mom," Elise called looking at a computer screen. Her mother came next to her and looked at her computer. "This house has 4 master bedrooms, 2 big bathrooms, 3 levels, and 2 kitchens per level. The price is $326,223. That's about my budget." Elise looked through pictures of the houses. "Wow, isn't that a bit extravagant for one person?" Elise's mom asked. "Not really, I overheard Mason talk to his best friend that he was going to propose to me tomorrow," Elise squealed. "Wow! That's something!" Her mom smiled. Elise looked at the number at the bottom of the screen, got the phone and dialed it.

"Hello?" A voice answered.

"Yes, hi, my name is Elise Relinda and I am interested in taking a tour of the house#472B."

"Alright, email please."

Elise gave the woman her email and the woman said an email will swiftly arrive with information. "Go to go mom," Elise grabbed her car keys and purse. Though it was 2:00 pm and she had to meet the tourist a 5:00 pm, she had to do some quick errands. The first thing was to go to Hamilton Park and take a quick jog. She brought five bottles of water and placed them in the car seat next to her. She started driving and arrived at Hamilton Park in a flash. The park was half way full, most people were having afternoon picnic with the family. Elise started to jog, she watched kids play tag and people having picnics and soccer games.

On her 22nd lap, and man stopped her and said she should buy water from his water cart. Elise never heard such a thing, but said she already had a car full of water bottles. After 2 years of doing this, Elise hadn't broken a sweat. She went inside her car and got a bottle of water. Elise may have not broken a sweat, but she does gt thirsty. She finished the bottle in a flash, again, she was still thirsty managed to open another bottle and finish it. Next on her list was to pick up her little cousin from karate. At the light, Elise felt the urge to pee, but it was fine, she could hold it.

She arrived at the center and saw the class was still going on. It was 2:47. Her cousin, Marie, walked up to her and told her class was extended until 3:30 . Elise was find with it, she got a bottle of water and started to drink from it. Again, finished it. Her urge to pee got a little stronger, she crossed her legs. By the second her urge got stronger and stronger, she crossed her legs tighter and her breast were jiggling. A man sitting next to her was starring at her jiggling breast; Elise gave an embarrassing but painful smile. About five seconds later, Elise grabbed her purse and stood up. "Do you know where the bathroom is?" She asked the man next to her. "In the karate room, but parents aren't allowed to enter until class is over," he replied. Elise sat back down. Her breasts jiggled and the man kept watching them. She crossed her legs and then crossed them again the other way. She repeated this several times until the man discovered her holding herself.

"Are you okay?" He asked. "Yes, thank you," her breasts jiggled faster. She started feeling her crotch tingle, she started feeling like she was going to wet herself. But she didnt want to think about that part just yet. It was 3:28, just 2 more minutes . Two minutes passed slowly while she struggled in desperation. "Elise!" Marie shouted in excitement and jumped on her. "Oh, hi Marie, umm please get off," Elise answered uncomfortably. As Marie attempted to get off, her foot pressed on Elise's crotch revealing a spurt. "Ah! Careful!" She shouted softly. Elise staggered to the car and opened the door for Marie. Her pussy started to swell as she got out of the parking space. Right then, the light turned red. Elise pressed on her groin trying to ease the pain. All that happened was a small spurt that jumped up. "What was that?" Marie asked. "Nothing," Elise looked at the small patch on her pants as the light turned green. She was so close to Marie's home, she can use the bathroom there!

One more light until Marie's house, just by the thought of a toilet made another spurt jump out of her. Finally, she arrived. Marie got out and thanked her, before she could ask for a quick trip to the restroom she left. It was almost 5:00 already! Elise quickly went to the house she saw online and there was a woman waiting in front of it . Elise parked and went up to her.

"Are you the tourist? I'm Elise," she crossed her legs.

"Oh, follow me."

Elise held herself trying to look casual. She was glad the tourist didnt notice the patch. Her swollen crotch was starting to create a knife into her pussy. A small spurt came out again. Elise saw her finger wet, and quickly shoved her hands between her thighs. "Ma'am is there a bathroom?" Elise asked. "Yes, but you cant use it until you buy it," the tourist women answered her. She bit her lip. She started leaking, a quick shove didnt help. Elise was wetting herself, another embarrassing accident to add. "Im sorry, this is so embarrassing," Elise blushed after realizing the woman was looking at her groin. "Forget the tour, I'll by it," Elise winked.

*002*2015-05-27 19:20

{{:

This is really good please update soon

}}

Thank you very much! Im very, very thrilled you liked it!

