A String of Bad Luck

Author: Night Rain

*000*2015-10-01 04:00

Here is a new story that I've decided to write with my co-author Justice, he helped me out by by giving me several ideas to work with. Along with editing this for me he was a great help and I couldn't have done this without him.

Kingdom of Nazara

Meliora Asrai, Princess of Nazara, was taken in by Elthin Veldhar. ...Well, she wouldn't say "taken in" …In fact, sometimes she wondered if "love" was a suitable explanation for the feelings she had. Sure, she loved Elthin, but Meliora always thought she was more "interested" with him than anything else. She loves secrets and intrigue above all else, and she often kept a conversation going just to see if she could find more juicy details.

Well, that’s not really all she was into. If there was anything she was into more than her boyfriend Elthin, it was the dark arts, or black magic, as some would call it. Magic that could give powerful abilities to people while also giving them horrible curses, it was known to fail if they weren’t followed exactly, sometimes even an entirely unintended effect. These thoughts only proved to entice the girl, and her noble elegance transferred over to the dark arts in a rather comical way.

While Meliora was a fan of studying the dark arts, she also liked to study various other spells such as those of the four elements, those of fire, wind, water, and earth. She was one of those types of people who loved to study and seek out knowledge, Meliora wished to know everything. Back home in her room she had many, many books at her beck and call along with piles of parchment lined with many notes she always took down. As she was normally one to review what she had learned she'd often talk to her father (the king) or her tutors. They'd have heated debates over history, science, magic, etc. and on this early morning she had met up with Elthin haven given him a small roll of parchment and some ingredients in a small silk bag.

"When you complete what is written on this parchment you will get what you seek. But I must warn you to follow my instructions to the letter. The slightest mistake can cause something horrible to happen" Meliora warned Elthin before he left to return to his own kingdom.

"I promise and once I have what I desire we shall get married and untie our two kingdoms" Elthin replied. He gave her a long kiss on the lips before leaving. As Meliora watched Elthin leave she couldn’t help but worry about him, she knew how reckless he could often get. She went through her options quickly in her head. She'd go with him to see for herself if Elthin had followed through correctly.

"Fetch me my horse and traveler’s bags, I will be heading to Glacialis" Meliora told her lady in waiting.

Several Hours Later At The Kingdom of Glacialis

A clear spring sky bathed the marble black of the kingdom of Glacialis, glimmering on a coat of late frost. Silver and black banners snapped in the cold wind from atop the many towers around the high walls, while sentries patrolled back and forth in blackened scale and golden helms. The fortress-city reverberated to the tramp of booted feet and the scrape of metal as regiments practiced drills in the open squares. The cries of their lieutenants echoed from the stone walls and mingled with the crackle of sacrificial pyres and screams of howling prisoners.

Fearsome was the citadel, for it had been built by Stiria Iselin, who had been the Glacialis. Very first ruler along with the aid of Reva Malkusha and was so wrought that no approach was left undefended. Eighty high towers and many miles of thick walls surrounded the city, yet only three gates controlled access in and out, each surrounded by bastions filled with war machines and troops.

Racing towards the very city on a horse with a jet black mane sat the young Elthin Veldhar. He wore armour of ithilmar that looked like the color of midnight. Elthin stands just a few inches less than six feet, his hair is white with black highlights on the right, left, and top part of his hair. Elthin's pupils are slit like a cat's, and his eyes are a beautiful shade of blue which often are said to mirror that of any ocean. His eyelashes are quite short, while his thin eyebrows are delicately curved. Strapped to his side in a sheath of pure white crystal was Amreir, the winter-blade that had been given to the young prince on his sixteenth birthday by his father. However, that wasn't the only weapon the young prince had. Hand wrapped up in a magical silk cloth was the spear of ice, Nagrain, its tip was a crystal said to be stronger than any metal.

Elthin, who had been taught in the art of sword-play, was quite gifted with using a sword, although normally he preferred to use a spear. There was just something that Elthin liked when using a spear in combat. Maybe it was the spear’s longer reach and flexibility, or it could have been the reckless way he used it in combat, spinning it around in such a crazy fashion that Elthin didn't care whether he struck friend or foe alike, just as long as they ended up either dead or impaled on its shaft, it filled Elthin with a wonderful feeling of pure ecstasy.

Elthin slowly brought his horse down the dirt path towards the city in the distance. All around him was freshly fallen snow that covered the ground like a soft blanket. As he neared the city, his left hand padded the small bag on his side. Inside was the very last item he had needed to complete. His spell was one that would finally allow him to take what he had desired ever since he had come of age, that being the very crown of the kingdom itself the one currently worn by his father.

A small smirk formed on his face.

"In only a few short moments I will arrive, and with this item I will finally have what I truly desire" Elthin laughed aloud.

What Elthin wished for was to surpass the limits of his own strength. While he was already strong for someone his age, he wanted to be far stronger. But instead of wanting to work out day in and day out or training which would take weeks or even months, Elthin decided on the easier way and had asked his girlfriend Meliora for help.

Five minutes later, he passed through the eastern entrance into the city and headed towards the royal stables. Once there he dismounted, handing his horse's reins to one of the workers tending to the stables and then gathered his belongs, heading towards the palace itself. Walking up the vast black stairs he entered into the palace and headed right for his private chambers where he wished not to be disturbed.

Once inside he quickly closed and bolted the door behind him and placed his belongs on the floor, taking the contents which were stowed in small bag and opening them. He laid the ingredients out on the small purple cloth that they had been gathered in before reaching for the roll of parchment. Meliora had given it to him to make sure he completed the process correctly, and despite much of his headstrong attitude, he slowly read over what was listed several times. He then cursed himself for being a fool as he had forgotten to grab a bowl as he needed to mix some of the ingredients together. After solving that problem, he took the basil, caraway, bay leaves, anise, garlic cloves and coriander taking and placing them into the bowl, starting to mix them together and being sure to follow the directions on the parchment to the letter.

Yet, it was at this time that something suddenly went wrong. As Elthin mixed the ingredients together, a small, purplish smoke began to form in the bowl, somewhat pooling in it more than rising. Looking down he took notice of this and believed that this smoke was just the results of his work. However, the smoke started to grow more in size. Truth be told, Elthin had made a risky mistake. He had used far too much basil. When he was supposed to use only three pieces, Elthin had used twelve. It was a rather bad mistake which any normal mage wouldn't make but in Elthin's haste he had messed up.

The smoke slowly rose out of the bowl and began to travel up the young man's arm. Elthin cried out in surprise and dropped the bowl onto the ground, backing away. He started swinging his arm around to try and rid it of the smoke, but the smoke then doubled in size and seemed to take on a life of its own. It quickly grew and grew until it completely covered his entire body.

"What the hell! Get off me!" Elthin yelled, continuing his failing attempt of shaking off the smoke.

His voice was soon lost as the purple cloud of smoke did its own sort of magic. Several moments passed and the smoke began to clear away, only to reveal something rather strange. Where only mere moments before a young man in armor was standing, there was now a young girl standing there completely naked.

She was 5'2 and had short, white, shoulder length hair with black highlights on the right, left, and top of her hair. She had small yet lovely a-cup breasts, beautiful royal blue eyes, a cute button nose, a small slim waist, and a small patch of white pubic hair. Rubbing her eyes with her fingers she soon cleared and opened them. It was then that she spotted her reflection in the mirror on the right side of the room near the armor stand. Her eyes widened in complete shock as she took in her reflection.

"W-what the hell?" Elthin yelled.

The voice that escaped his lips wasn't his usual harsh male voice. Instead, it was a small, cute, and soft feminine voice. She took a small step forward towards the mirror when she felt a very weird sensation come over her. Elthin felt a sharp pain in her stomach which made her grab her side in pain only to then fall to her knees. It was when she hit her knees on the ground a small noise could be heard coming from between the cute girl's legs. Looking down in shock she saw a small transparent yellow stream falling between her legs onto the blue carpeted floor, creating a small yet growing dark puddle underneath her cute form.

"E-eeewwww, gross, just gross" Elthin whispered to herself at the ever growing puddle between her legs. Already her face burned a deep red as the steady stream of pee fell from her pee-hole, a hissing sound was heard. Elthin covered her eyes in disgust and sheer embarrassment.

"W-hat's h-h-happening to me?" Elthin cried.

For the first time in his/her life, Elthin felt tears fill her eyes and slowly fall down her cheeks. She then began to cry as her steady stream slowly came to a stop the young girl sat in a puddle. Of pee that was her own making Elthin sat there for a few moments crying softly when the she heard a faint chime come from outside her door.

"Oh no…" Elthin said to herself.

She heard the chime again and this time a voice could be heard coming from behind the door. "Elthin it's me, can I come in? I want to see if the spell worked!" the voice asked.

Elthin began to panic, the voice belonged to Meliora! But what was she doing here so soon? Elthin had thought Meliora would have been waiting at home, yet here she was having arrived about an hour after he himself had returned when he had still been a boy. Elthin didn't know what to do she wiped the tears from her eyes and got up.

"Elthin are you in there? Is something wrong? Why won't you answer me?" Meliora demanded, a hint of concern in her voice.

"Umm... just a moment!" Elthin called out.

When Meliora heard the female voice come from behind the door to Elthin's chambers, she suddenly grew very angry and banged on the door.

"Elthin, what the hell is going on? Why is there a female in your room when I'm the only one who should be allowed inside?" Meliora yelled. She gripped the door handle and tried to jerk it open only to find out it was locked from the inside.

Elthin didn't know what to do, she couldn't let Meliora see her like this, let alone see the puddle of pee on the floor that she had just made moments ago. She looked around trying to find some place where she could hide out from Meliora's wrath, she spotted the dark black curtains near the window closest to the king-sized bed. She started towards it only to stop when she heard the door open.

Meliora, who had tried several time to open the door, soon grew tired of not being able to enter the room reached into her skirt's pocket and took out a small silver key which she then put into the lock of the door and unlocked it, turning the handle to the left and pushing the door open with a powerful push.

###

In the flash of a second Meliora entered into the room. She had long black hair with small curls, she had a small bust and decent stature. She was dressed in a short black traveler’s gown with a small black blouse that hugged her bosom and a short black skirt that reached to about mid-thigh and showed off her well-toned thighs. Around her neck was a midnight colored cloak made out of the finest silk the kingdom had to offer, and currently it fluttered at the sudden movement she had made.

When Meliora caught sight of the naked girl in Elthin's room her eyes widened in surprise. "W-who are you?" Meliora demanded to know as her eyes took in all the girl's features. Her eyes lingered on Elthin's small breasts and small patch of white pubic hair for several moments before she caught the faint smell of something. She sniffed it once, twice, and three times before it dawned on her what the smell was.

"Why, does it smell like pee in here… and once more, who are you? Explain yourself! Where is Elthin?" Meliora shouted at the girl.

Elthin didn't know what to say. She had to think quickly, and something came to mind. She quickly spoke out what she had just thought of, hoping it would work.

"I… I'm E-Elicia. Veldhar Elthin's sister" Elicia quickly replied.

Meliora took this in then replied back. "I didn't know Elthin had a sister, but why are you naked?" Meliora asked.

Elicia thought for a few moments for a suitable answer.

"Umm... I.. I peed in the one I was wearing and took it off and hid it so, no one would find it. I tried to find something new to wear but there was nothing in here my size" Elicia spoke in return in a rather small voice.

For some odd reason Meliora felt a faint wave of excitement race through her. It was something she couldn't yet explain, but as she looked at Elicia standing there naked, she decided to help the girl out.

"Oh, you poor girl, I have something you can wear" Meliora says. She takes off her black traveler's cloak from around her neck and walks over to Elicia whom she helps to her feet, placing the cloak around her shoulders and tying it up around her neck. Taking Elicia's small hand in her own she led the girl out of Elthin's chambers. They walked along for a short while, passing by several more rooms and up two more flights of stairs until they reached a large, brown, wooden door.

Letting go of her hand she pushed open the door and walked inside the large room with Elicia trailing behind her inside the room. The room contained a large queen-sized bed covered in pure white silk sheets, a small weapon stand was at the right side of the room where a long staff of bone and iron lay upon it. A small white marble writing desk lined the left side of the room, and upon the desk were various spell books along with several rolls of parchment and several writing pens with ink wells. Meliora walked towards the large walk-in closet, and once inside she started looking around for a dress that Elicia could wear.

Elicia just stood there nervously, she had no idea what was going on. It seemed that Meliora believed her story that she was Elthin's sister, but Elicia's mind wasn't on what had happened in his own room or about having to wear a dress for the first time in her life. What she wanted to know is just why this happened to her. What had she done to cause this very curse to happen to her in the first place?

"Is there any way I can change back into my normal self? Will this wear off in a few more minutes or hours? How am I supposed to act like a girl and not get found out?" Elicia thought.

Several moments later Meliora returned into the room holding a dress for Elicia to wear. Meliora first handed Elicia a silk short night dress that would finish just below her hips, Along with matching panties that were trimmed with a ruffled lace. Above that Meliora also handed Elicia a small white silk blouse and matching skirt (these were made from the finest material that the kingdom had to offer). Elicia looked at the clothes which were handed to her, a small blush forming on her cheeks.

Meliora slowly pushed Elicia over towards the far corner of the room where a large, red, silk square cover hung down from the ceiling. This was to allow Elicia to dress in privacy. When Elicia walked behind it she set the clothes down on a small sitting chair. Again she looked at the clothes which had been handed to her. Not really knowing how to put on a pair of girl's clothes Elicia thought of asking for help in that matter, but was way too embarrassed to even think about asking such a question. So, after a few failed attempts, Elicia was finally able to put on the silk short night dress and matching panties, the very clothes she had been given.

Elicia couldn't help but look at herself in the mirror that lined the wall. If she were asked, she would have said that she looked rather cute. She took this all in and sighed to herself before slowly leaving behind the small dressing wall and walking over to where Meliora was standing. Elicia wasn’t really sure on what to say, whether it should be “thank you” or even asking to borrow some more clothes. Seeing as what she was now wearing was the only set of clothes she currently had on her. It was Meliora that finally broke the silence.

"Why, don't you tell me a little bit about yourself?" Meliora asked as she took a seat upon the bed and slowly crossed her legs.

"Umm… There really isn't much to say…" Elicia spoke softly. She looked around and wasn't really sure on where she could sit, but soon she saw the desk chair and then walked over to it and sat down upon it, taking up a position like any sort of man would when sitting in a chair. Her legs were parted slightly which gave Meliora a small yet perfect view up her short dress, letting the girl see her upper thighs and lace panties.

While Meliora clearly enjoyed the view it was something else that had caught her eye that had been the way Elicia had walked over towards the chair, along with how she had sat down. It wasn't how any normal girl would walk and then sit down. Elicia had clearly walked just like Elthin always did and sat as Elthin always sat, which, as rude as it was to say, was rather unique, even for a guy.

As Meliora took this all in she thought about asking Elicia what was up about this.

To Be Continued

*002*2015-10-01 05:03

Thanks for the compliment.

*004*2015-10-18 00:43

This story is now on indefinite hiatus and will no longer be receiving any posts for a while at least.

