Cassie and David: A New Friend

Author: pdancefan

*000*2015-12-30 14:20

The next day, Cassie and David walked up to the new girl’s front door. The new girl’s mother answered the door. "Hi! I’m Cassie Smith and this is my friend David Shaw. We live up the street, and we brought you a pie as a gift," said Cassie, holding up an apple pie that her mother had made. "Why how sweet of you!" said the woman. "I’m Mrs. Jones. Sally! Come here to the door!" The blond haired girl that Cassie and David had seen yesterday appeared next to her mother.

"Hi Sally! Nice to meet you! I’m Cassie and this is my friend David. Would you like to come outside and play with us?" Sally looked up at her mother. "Mommy, may I?"

"Go ahead, dear. Have fun!" She then went inside and closed the door. The three kids stood on the sidewalk introducing themselves. Sally told Cassie and David that she was 9 and her family had moved because her dad was transferred to another branch of the company he worked for. The three kids sat on the steps and talked for an hour, exchanging stories about school and friends, likes and dislikes.

Mrs. Jones brought out milk and cookies. Sally was extra thirsty, so she drank a glass of juice as well. Cassie then suggested they play in David’s yard.  Sally told her mother where they would be at. Cassie and David showed Sally the treehouse, swingset, and other things in the yard. By this time, Sally’s bladder was filling up from the milk and juice. She was wearing light green cotton shorts and a white T-shirt. Sally asked for a glass of water, which David fetched, After Sally drank the water, the three kids swung on the swings for a half-hour of so. sally then asked for another glass of water.

After she downed the water, they decided to play on the sliding board.  Cassie went first. She climbed up and slid down. When she walked around to the ladder, she noticed Sally was holding herself with her right hand. When David slid down, Cassie whispered to him, "Sally has to pee, but don’t say anything to her." They watched as Sally let go of herself and climbed up the ladder. She slid down and they started again. They slid down four times and each time Sally held herself while waiting for her turn.

The fourth time, Sally started up the ladder, but stopped half-way and held herself for a moment before continuing. After Sally slid down, the kids stood and talked about what to do next. Sally, held herself and wriggled her legs as they talked. "Let’s play in the sandbox!" suggested David. They went over to the sandbox made out of an old tire, each sitting on the rim with their feet outside the tire. Sally sat still for awhile, but after 20 minutes or so, she grabbed herself and started scissoring her legs open and closed. "Th-Oh!"  Sally said, as she squeezed her legs together and rocked forward and back.

"Unnnh!" Sally groaned as she squeezed hard, trying to control her bladder.  After a moment, she managed to control the urge, but quickly stood up, still holding herself, and paced in a circle. "Sally’s going to pee herself!" whispered Cassie to David excitedly. "Let’s play hide and seek," suggested David. They agreed that Sally would be "it" first. Sally stood facing a clothesline pole and started counting, still holding herself.

"One, two-th-three-th-four, five, six-th-seven-th-eight-th-Oh!, nine, ten!" Sally still holding herself, walked into the yard, stopped and raised her right leg to thigh to press her thigh against her crotch. She looked around then spotted David trying to hide behind a tree, Sally tried to run after him, but had to pee so bad she could do little more than hobble along. David reached the pole safely, and Sally again stood with raised leg as she held herself and looked for Cassie. She felt her pee hole start to burn, as her bladder started sending distress signals to her brain. "Oh! Time out!" Sally pleaded as a massive urge to pee overtook her. "Oh! Th-Oh! Th-Unnnh! Unnnh!" Sally moaned as she squeezed herself with both hands and raised her right thigh and squeezed it hard against her crotch. "Unnnh! Unnnh! Unnnnnnh! Oh! Oh! Oh No!" Sally froze as her bladder finally let loose. She was still leaning forward with her hands in her crotch and her raised thight pressed against her crotch.

David and Cassie, who had emerged from her hiding place, watched as a stream of pee jetted from between the back of Sally’s legs, shooting out behind her. She peed and peed. The pee slowly diminished, but not before the back of her shorts were soaked almost to her waist, and her legs were soaked.  Only a small "half-moon" of wetness was visible on the front of her shorts.  Sally immediately started crying. Cassie put her hands on Sally’s shoulders.

"Don’t cry. Everything will be okay. David and I will walk you home."  They walked Sally to her house - with Sally walking awkwardly with her legs spread wide. At the door, Mrs. Jones answered. "Oh honey! What happened!"  "I peed my-y-self," whimpered Sally, "I wai-aited too lo-long," she cried.  "Oh honey, it’s allright, accidents happen, just remember to go to the bathroom next time, okay? Now lets get you cleaned up." Turning to Cassie and David she said, "Thank you for walking Sally home!"

"Your welcome, Mrs. Jones."

