How usagi met naru

Author: omofan77

*000*2014-11-09 02:22

Usagi was walking to the park when she came across the jewelry store she heard her classmate Naru lived over. As Usagi looked it, she could see Naru polishing jewelry. "Going to the park by myself is no fun," said Usagi, and went in. "Naru-chan!" she called cheerfully. Naru looked up. "You're Usagi-san in my class, right?" she asked. Usagi happily said yes. "I was going to the park where they're giving away free sweets. Why don't you join me?"

"Maybe later," said Naru. "I'm helping my mother clean jewelry."

"Why don't I help?" asked Usagi. "It'll go faster with two helping."

So Naru's mother was glad a new friend of Naru's was helping out. Usagi and Naru spent a lot of time cleaning jewelry. During the work, Usagi said, "I don't know how you can do this. It's so boring."

"I've been doing it for many years," said Naru. "I'm used to it." Then Usagi felt a need to pee. "I have to go to the bathroom, but I don't want to waste time. This'll take all day," she said. "I think I can get a lot done while you're gone," said Naru. Then Usagi had an idea. "Did your mother say how the jewels had to be cleaned?" she asked. "Not really," said Naru.

Then Naru was shocked as Usagi pulled down her skirt and panties as a few drops of urine hit a diamond. Then Usagi polished it with the rag. "What do you think?" asked Usagi. Naru looked and was amazed to see the diamond sparkle so beautifully. "I have to admit it's a lot cleaner than the ones I've already done," said Naru. "Why don't we do the same with the others?" asked Usagi. Then Naru was reminded of her need to pee. She didn't want to stop and had been holding it in all morning. "All right," said Naru. "Then let's make a game of it," said Usagi. "What kind of game?" asked Naru.

"Let's give each other points on things like how clean we make it," said Usagi. "As well as creativity, aim, and how many we clean at once."

"You're on," said Naru, taking off her skirt and panties. They placed a couple a gems in front of them and peed a few drops on them. Then they rubbed them and compared. "Very pretty," said Usagi, examining Naru's emarald that glistened in the light. "The diamond you finished up is giving off the greatest sliver gleam I've ever seen," said Naru. For creativity, they peed onto the rag and rubbed it on a few jewels. "Now let's test your aim," said Naru. She took out a pair of diamond earings, the diamond very small. "Try to aim only on the diamonds," she said.

They each took one earing and aimed over such a small target. Very carefully, they let a couple drops fall on to the diamonds. "Not bad," said Naru, rubbing them. Then Usagi made a line of gems. Letting her pee become a stream, she gently moved it across the middle of each gem down the line. "Very impressive," said Naru. She tried the same move. It took her a little longer to go down the line. "I'll give you that one," said Naru. "Now let's see how many we can hit at once," said Usagi. She brought three small jewels together and peed on them, leaving them very shiny. "I see your three gems and raise you three more," said Naru, aiming on her group and soaking all six at once.

They were having so much fun they didn't mind the work. Soon, all the jewelry was sparkling. The girls cleaned themselves and pulled on their clothes. "You're a good jeweler," said Usagi. "You're pretty good yourself, Usagi-chan," said Naru. Naru's mother was amazed at the beauty of the gems, although Usagi and Naru didn't say how they cleaned them so well. Then they went off to the park together, enjoying sweets. The two were talking like old friends. After awhile, both girls had to go to the bathroom. As both walked, Usagi said, "Why don't we have a little fun since it's just us."

Usagi went beind a tree. Naru smiled and followed. "I get to choose next time," said Naru. They bent down and removed their clothing, sighing in relief as two streams flowed out and hit the tree, dripping down the side to make two puddles at their feet. Both girls found peeing outside was a lot of fun and felt nice. As their streams stopped, they cleaned with their hankercheifs and pulled on their clothes. It was some time later, after plenty to drink, they were ready to try again. Naru chose the next spot. "How about the lake?" she suggested. Usagi agreed to it. They bent over the lake and let out two streams.

They watched as their peeing caused the water to froth and bubble as their streams hit the water. They also enjoyed a nice tickling as the streams hit their folds. As their peeing slowed to a trickle and drops, Usagi touched the spot she made. "It feels warm," she said and touched Naru's spot. "Your's is just as nice." Naru touched the spot she made and Usagi's spot, finding both plesant and warm. They splashed a little water on their folds and got dressed. "I guess this makes us best friends," said Usagi. "I'm glad to be your best friend," said Naru. "You can come up with all kinds of ways of having fun and you're fun just to be around." They hugged, each saying, "Best friends," and went off to enjoy the rest of the day together.

