The Vicar's Daughter's Desperation

Author: Jane Jones

*000*2020-02-23 00:59

Hey everyone! Jane here. So, this is an extract from one of my Amazon Omorashi stories that I wanted to give all of you guys an exclusive sneak peak at. I hope you enjoy and if you like, please consider purchasing the full story from Amazon, it really helps me out. I'll attach a link below. Thanks everyone!

###

Maria froze. One of them; Jaime, was coming right towards her and if she moved now, he’d easily spot her. She didn’t dare move a muscle, however the sudden restrictions on her body and the fear massively increased the strain on her bladder. She began to feel seriously desperate for the toilet and could only keep her legs clamped together tightly as Jaime reached the edge of the field; just a few metres from her tree. At this distance, his chest muscles were on full display, she could see the beads of sweat rolling down his forehead and felt herself turn bright red as she saw him begin to unbuckle his trousers.

She looked away in shame but her curiosity won out and when she looked back, she saw Jaime’s cock in his hand; half free of his muddy blue jeans. It looked so big, at least six inches; though she had no reference, yet the sight was enough to send her arousal crazy. Sweat was pouring down her forehead as she felt her white cotton panties become practically soaked with arousal; at least she hoped that’s all it was. She then watched in frustration as a long, fast stream of piss began to shoot out over the corn field to just under her tree. At this distance, she could practically smell it and being this intimate with something so private was driving Maria mad with arousal and desperation: Her own body was shaking with its need for release on multiple levels: She felt incredibly desperate and incredibly aroused.

She reached down one hand and began rubbing herself through her sodden knickers, the first time she had touched herself anywhere but her bedroom. A feeling of immense guilt and shame shot through her: At violating someone’s privacy like this, enjoying it in such a perverted manner, in exposing herself like this but that just increased her arousal tenfold and suddenly, she felt a feeling she had come to recognise. She was about to come undone. Her whole body was trembling. She realised too late she had left herself become too aroused. She bit her lip, wrapping her legs around each other, trying to think of other things: Anything to calm down but she could feel that knot in her stomach break and the feeling was overwhelming: She reached out a hand to steady herself on a branch as her body pulsated with pleasure but the branch snapped and she began to fall forwards, unable to steady herself in the throes of a powerful orgasm.

Screaming with terror, she grasped at several branches as she fell through the tree; hitting the ground with a painful thud. Thankfully, the fall wasn’t far but it still completely disorientated her as she lay on the ground half-conscious and moaning in pain.

Jaime had just finished relieving himself when he jumped back in shock at the sudden screams, seeing someone fall from the nearby tree just a few metres from him. He quickly saw it was a girl and when he approached, realised it was Maria Edwards; the vicar’s daughter. What the hell was she doing halfway up a tree? Had she been watching him? More importantly right now, was she hurt? As he neared her, he saw her summer dress had flipped up; exposing her white cotton knickers. He was about to look away and offer her a hand up, when something made him freeze in his tracks.

He could see a small wet spot growing on Maria’s knickers. The patch spread across them and the wetness soaked through the fabric in seconds; rivulets of pee spreading around Maria’s bum and running over the ground and down her legs. Jaime couldn’t believe what he was seeing. The vicar’s daughter, Maria Edwards, the girl who he and his friends had drunkenly voted: “Most likely to be a virgin till marriage” was now wetting herself in front of him. The fabric of her white summer dress began to get soaked by her growing puddle and was now pouring into her white socks and black-choir girl shoes...

TO BE CONTINUED...

%https://www.amazon.co.uk/VICARS-DAUGHTERS-DESPERATION-Jane-Jones-ebook/dp/B084VQ99MY/ref=sr_1_1?keywords=vicar's+daughter+desperation&qid=1582419147&sr=8-1

$$

