Drive through France

Author: holdit247

*000*2015-02-25 19:36

[You can follow this route if you use Google Maps to get directions from York, England to Roses, Spain via the Channel Tunnel, Reims, Dijon and Lyon]

She'd agreed to it. He'd asked her to attempt to do a hold all the way from their home in York to their holiday villa in Spain. They'd journey by car taking it in turns to drive straight through via the Channel Tunnel, not stopping overnight, which would probably make the hold achievable. 16 hours plus stops according to Google Maps, or more if they took the picturesque route via Paris and the new Millau bridge. It would be maybe a 20 hour hold for her. He very deliberately left her consumption up to her so that he wouldn't get blamed later and also timed his holiday booking from work to coincide with the horniest time in her monthly cycle, when he knew she would try harder to please him.

On the day they were leaving they had to get up early and so went to bed early too, packing the car the night before. They didn't even have time for morning sex before showering, but he watched her do her last pee in the UK in the shower. It was 5:05am. They ate breakfast on the road with her driving the first leg and limiting herself to one cup of tea from a flask. There were no services on most of their route down the A1 to the Channel Tunnel but they swapped drivers before reaching the M25, which was subject to interminable roadworks slowing them down.

They arrived at the Folkstone terminal having just missed check in for their booked train so had to park for a while. It was an opportunity for a pee for him and despite swearing he wouldn't influence her drinking he couldn't resist offering to buy her a drink while he was inside. She declined but when he got back to the car she was pouring the last of her flask of tea. "Is it still warm?" he asked.

She nodded then winked and said "3 cups in then." It had been 5 hours since her pee and was nearly time to drive on to the train.

While travelling they took advantage of the new mobile coverage underground to check traffic conditions in France. All routes were clear but they knew Paris would clogg up later. They both wanted to see Paris from the road, and the mountainous route either side of the Millau bridge, but common sense told them to use the faster but longer eastern route. Ultimately he left it up to her in the circumstances. She chose the sensible option because she already felt a slight need to go. They programmed the satnav accordingly before emerging in Calais. He joked "No peeing in France okay." She smiled provactively.

They arrived in France just before midday local time. The satnav said it would be 12 hours continuous driving. At the end of her first stint of 2 hours driving they pulled over at one of the many 'aires' found on French motorways, small car parks with picnic tables and as she described them "unpleasant" squat toilet blocks. He knew she wouldn't use them unless she was leaking, so as long as he refuelled in the middle of a driving stint, thus not going into a proper services with "normal" toilets, he could keep her away from temptation.

To keep up progress they'd brought sandwiches to eat whilst driving and soft drinks. The plan was to stop every 2 hours for a 5 minute walk around to get the blood flowing and some fresh air, and to swap drivers thus avoiding dangerous fatigue. They both knew as she got more desperate her bladder would keep her awake but distract her so that her choosing to drive later might be a mistake. They'd have to see how it went and maybe he'd drive more towards the end.

It was 2pm, 8 hours since she peed. When he returned from the toilets she said "I could really do with a wee now," shrugged her shoulders and opened a 500ml bottle of water. They completed their walk arm in arm then he took over driving. As he accelerated back onto the A26 motorway he asked how she was doing. "About a 4 I think, but its urgency not fullness." He looked disappointed, she knew very well that he preferred the latter. "I'm obviously not drinking as much as usual or even enough to stay hydrated. Wonder why?!" With that, she silently reached into the back and grabbed a 500ml bottle of Lilt to follow the water.

Another stop later and she was driving again. He served her 2 bottles of water as she drove. At around 6:30pm they pulled over and she was worried that she couldn't hide her desperation now. Not that she wanted to in the car with him, but in public was different. Helpfully, he made the point that they were only approximately half way through France. "I know," she said, "but I'm only on about a 6. The urgency hasn't gone away yet." He reassured her that all that water would help soon enough. "I know, I was probably dehydrated due to not drinking enough earlier. Yellow wee always needs out sooner. I need to drink enough to dilute it." That sort of comment was why he loved her!

They climbed out of the car and she grimaced slightly, swiftly rearranging her feet as she stood beside the car, in that classic fidget of someone who is trying to hide it but can't keep still anymore. He noted her tense posture and fidgeting and really began to enjoy himself. He'd waited months since they arranged this journey and the next 8 hours would be the best part of his year.

"Are you hungry for some dinner yet?" he wondered, but she shook her head and gesticulated at her bladder. She often lost her appetite when holding, and in fact had more than once privately suggested a diet exploiting it. He'd urged her to write a book on the subject and get rich. "There might be only three more stints to drive," he suggested as they walked with his arm round her shoulders. She was very stiff in his cuddle, not her usual carefree self, and he knew why. And loved it. His erection wasn't quite embarrassing him yet, but was a bit uncomfortable against his trousers. For her part, the walking was beginning to be difficult. Both at once they suggested an early return to the road.

As they settled in to his next turn driving, despite the satnav she examined the map and realised they would soon be approaching Lyon, probably the most picturesque town on their route, with period properties immediately overlooking the motorway and famous river Rhone the other wide, and a brand new building for the Musée des Confluences that they would pass. Apparently it was one of those striking buildings that could distract drivers as it was so architecturally bold. The satnav still reported approximately 6 hours driving to go, but they had to allow more for stops.

They knew that a few kilometres before any big town or city in France the motorways become free to use, instead of paying a toll to use them. They assumed this was to help traffic flow more freely on the busiest sections of motorway. The stretch of toll road they were travelling had been very long, it was hours since they'd picked up the ticket and so they knew it would be expensive at the next toll booths. Sure enough they soon saw a sign warning of tolls 3km ahead which usually meant another 2,750m of driving at motorway speed followed by slowing to queue briefly at one of dozens of booths, but almost immediately he had to slam on his brakes to avoid a queue in both lanes in front of them.

He looked at her face and laughed. She looked really worried. He pointed out that the satnav still reported over 5 hours to their destination so a short delay in this queue oughtn't to faze her. "I'm bursting!" she explained, "while we're moving it's distracting 'cos I can watch the traffic, but stationary there's nothing but my bladder to think about."

To wind her up he added "And you've no idea how long we'll be here!" While wincing she tried to playfully hit him, but he retaliated by trying to tickle her which he quickly realised might curtail his fun. "Okay darling, how are we going to get you through this? Shall I put some music on?" He started stroking the back of her head as the traffic inched forward. She relaxed into her seat letting his fingers massage her scalp. Her knees continued to knock together rhythmically and there were some other fidgets, but the urgency seemed to have faded. Over the next 20 minutes they crawled along the motorway watching other drivers desperately change lanes whenever they perceived another to be moving better. None could have been in such a rush to get anywhere as she was though.

At last they could see the toll booths and the motorway opened out to about 20 lanes of queuing traffic, none seeming to move very quickly except the single one for locals with a town and the ones that accepted credit cards. He chose the short credit card queue.

By the time they were nearing the toll booth 20 minutes later she was sweating and fidgeting profusely, raising her bum off the seat every few seconds by balancing on straight arms either side of the seat. He knew this was her end game fidgeting when she was on the verge of losing control.

He nodded at her as she completed yet another bum lift. "What do you want to do?"

She grimaced and sighed. "I've leaked a bit, it's hugely full, do you want to feel?" She lifted her top, and as they weren't moving in the queue he lent over to feel how hard her protruding bladder was. He took his time to feel it all over, then finally slipped a finger down to feel her damp panties. He kissed her, as if to say well done.

"Can we stop at the next services?" she wasn't sure he would agree, but was beside herself.

"Really, are you sure you can't wait?" he responded. He knew she couldn't, but tried to string her along.

She looked at him with tears in her eyes. "I'm sure."

"Ok," he nodded, "keep an eye out for signs."

A couple of cars remained between them and the toll, so when it was their turn she had to lean out, being the passenger in a right hand drive car, to insert the credit card to the machine. She was grateful there was no attendant to see her fidgeting while she did it!

He accellerated as quickly as he could, missing the toilets placed immediately after the tolls. He knew they would be there, she may have been too desperate to notice.

Their rapid process didn't last long, Lyon's motorway network is notoriously busy, and the terrible traffic started 3km outside the city. They crawled for literally two hours, all start stop, with no motorway services or aires on such urban sections of any French motorway. he couldn't have planned her crisis to come at a better time!

She spent the whole time doubled up, clutching her crotch or doing her 'bum lift off seat' fidget, while whimpering and totally uncommunicative.

He stroked her hair, asked her questions and tried to keep her calm, but she could barely hear him she was so desperate. She would have weed anywhere if it wasn't so public, she was beyond caring.

He was getting tired of driving in the stop start traffic, and their usual technique to deal with tiredness, of swapping every two hours, wasn't possible in her state, so failing that, they usually kept up conversion so that he had that to keep him alert. She finally got the message that he actually needed her, and for safety she tried as hard as she could to pay attention and join in his conversion. To her relief it made holding easier, distracting her a little.

Of course he wanted to talk about only one thing, but that didn't help her. They compromised with her updating him if anything changes, and thus made it to uncongested open motorway without her leaking. Neither of them really knew how.

At last they saw a sign for an aire in 2km, which was like the best gift ever for her. She tensed up as they approached it, suffering the classic anticipation of relief.

He drove right up to the toilet block, and she ran in, with not a wave or a word.

She emerged after several minutes and walked slowly back to the car. He looked expectantly at her. She said nothing so he asked "So, feel better? Did I miss the best wee ever?"

She nodded. "It was exquisite, the most amazing relief ever. But now I'm really horny and really sorry I didn't make it for you." She hugged him across the car, gazing into his eyes. "I'll make it up to you, I promise."

The rest of their journey was uneventful and, they agreed, boring, as their fun had been spoilt. They discussed her inability to achieve the challenge at length, dissecting what went wrong. Their conclusion was that the volume she had drunk was a bit ambitious, the delay at the channel tunnel hadn't helped, meaning she was psychologically unable to cope with the traffic jams before and in Lyon. He was very keen to point out, more than once, that she'd stayed dry so physically could cope.

Only once he had eagerly undressed her after their arrival did he discover the dried pee stain on her underwear. That resulted in a lot of foreplay, mostly discussing her leaks. She admitted she'd been leaking slightly from near the start of the second queue until the eventual stop. If she hadn't been, she'd have tried to hold on till the next aire. He wanted to know why she hadn't told him. Usually they shared every intimate detail of her holds.

"I was so gutted to have misjudged my ability and disappointed you. Holding from 5am to 9:45pm, so 8:45 UK time, isn't bad going. I just need to be able to hold for about 21 hours and only managed 16."

He reassured her that he wasn't in the least bit disappointed. And even though he wasn't disappointed, to make it up to him she offered to practice hard while they were on holiday to see how much she could cope with drinking and then holding for that long.

*002*2015-02-26 08:38

Hi Ola, nice to see you here as well as Twitter.

There might be. I've run out of inspiration for now, hence stopping the story there, but if I suddenly come up with something, or you or anyone else suggests something I find erotic, I might reprise this story.

