A marriage AB / DL

Author: mary

*000*2013-08-09 23:48

Hope you like it, I translated with google translator, while in Spanish escrbi and I was not very good at English. I'll upload more chapters if you like

Chapter 1

In the sky you could see a beautiful sunset, but not any evening, this was a really wonderful on a paradise beach in the Mexican Caribbean. A beach that was just a young couple Avia decided to spend their honeymoon in the Caribbean enjoying the solitude and beauty of nature.

This is really wonderful-I would love to see this every day staring Zulma said Leon had his eyes on the horizon.

- If it really is beautiful, 'said Leon returning to losing sight on the horizon.

They waited for the end of the evening and made their way to the hotel. Zulma was planning to play for the evening, was the favorite of the two, and I wanted to surprise Leon, because until then had not erotic games of any kind, and she knew how to put on diapers loved having had an accident.

Upon arrival, hotel decided to go for a while in the hotel bar after showering. And at the time when bathed Zulma León take the opportunity to go out and buy a pack of Affective Advanced lotion, powder and hid them in his suitcase before Leon out of the shower. And minutes later they were ready to go for a drink.

In the hotel bar and drank and recalled how they had met at the supermarket when both buying diapers. The esses for his girlfriend in time (which does not like the idea of ​​using them and became their ex) and she because he Avian over. Leon saw in the line of boxes holding a package with both arms almost abrasándolos and could not help him to learn was the AB or DL ​​has itself to cautiously ask - do you know if those diapers that leads serve to some AB or a DL ? - Zulma not know what to say, had dreamed all his life in meeting someone with those tastes in person and only managed to answer-of course these are for a very naughty AB. What about yours? - And he said you have to pay I answer in the parking-payment Zulma pay and wait for Lion and walked to the parking lot, now if I can answer my question, to which he replied, now if you do not nobody listens to us.

Quero're for my girlfriend I'd be your daddy, but everything depends if you like the idea or I create a completely crazy and with a tone of tenderness, I hope you get lucky, some people do not understand us but really loves you , in the worst cases only sun you would not like that kind of games and not tell you anything more, but if not the case will probably make you crazy and not follow either their relationship or end-Lion admired and observed replied the baby is lucky who wear those diapers-Zulma smiled and said not for one special, are for me, but I was not going to answer that in front of all people-Leon felt excited and you delete the Zulma mind his girlfriend and her handbag bag-ten card here is my email and my phone calls anytime smiled and waving goodbye with one hand turn towards where his car.

When finished talking to her first meeting hiso silence smiled and stared for a few seconds until the silence broke Zulma is a day that never forget, never thought of marrying someone who could be my husband and my daddy at the same time, and took the last sip of his third pina colada and said the room we were already too many pina coladas for today, and asked the waiter and paid the bill and headed to his room. She had enough to pee, because it was holding at the bar to start the game.

And being in the elevator hiso few jumps, placed his hands on his crotch and said-not resist the urge Leo, I hope come-up with a playful tone and leo could guess what it was and he said sure you get only a flat lack love - the elevator opened and they walked quickly to the room that was only a few meters, I read quickly opened the door and entered first Zulma took a few steps, he stopped and turned and left began to wet his jeans in front when I finish it and he said not reach to get to the bathroom Daddy change me to you-with a 5 year old girl, I read the look i said do not worry dad changed you and you take a shower to make you feel better-way undress her and started subtly, took her to the bathroom, undressed the well and the two entered the and by that time both stopped playing his roll, read the kiss passionately while they liked the shower water running down their bodies and kissing became fondling all of that sex.

When finished read Zulma sack the shower wrapped in a towel, dry and took her to a bed. Zulma said in a tone-daddy little girl in my bag is what you need to get-leo opened the suitcase and found the diaper bag talc and cream. She opened the diaper bag and pulled one took the cream and talc and placed next to his beautiful baby girl, lifted her legs and put the diaper under her, put cream in her hand and daub in the areas covered by the diaper emphasis on the vagina and putting two fingers and moving slightly up and down a few seconds and Zulma JimiO slightly and unemployment read, and prepared to put the powder in the diaper and then closed, leaving only his diaper Zulma. Leo took another diaper, put him lying in bed, sat on, put cream and talc and closed his diaper.

Both were exhausted from the beach and just had sex, yes you have got to eat only his diaper, said good night and slept

Continued ...

