The Bursting Coworker - Part 1

By pdancefan

*000*2015-06-24 20:50

Here is part 1 of a story I have written. Enjoy!

BURSTING CO-WORKER

PART 1

It was late on a Saturday evening, and Wendy (age 30, long blonde hair, 5’ 7" tall) stood at her sales desk eyeing the store as she waited for customers. She worked for a department store inside a shopping mall, and was usually stationed in the women’s clothing department. Wendy also liked the fact that she could see out into the mall from that particular department.

This was because she had a secret. Ever since she could remember, Wendy got an inexplicably intense thrill whenever she saw another woman who needed to pee. She had a number of sightings since she started working in this store, but had never seen a full on wetting. She had seen a few women hobble desperately to the mall bathrooms near the store’s entrance, as well as several women who had been doing a subtle "pee dance" while paying for their purchases. Oh! How she had thought about those women later, imagining their desperate arrival in the bathroom, and frantic effort to hold on as they pulled their panties down and sat on the toilet.

Tonight, one of her co-workers was working at the next sales desk, handling the purses and accessories. Mary was a new hire, only 18, with only a few weeks on the job. She was short (4’ 9") and petite with short brown hair and a cute little upturned nose. Mary was wearing a short charcoal gray skirt with matching jacket and pink blouse, along with pantyhose and black shoes with moderate heels.

As the evening wore on, Wendy kept glancing over at her co-worker and soon noticed that Mary seemed uncomfortable. Mary had a nervous look on her face and was tapping her foot from time to time. The next time she glanced over, Mary was showing handbags to a customer. Wendy noticed Mary cross her legs tightly as she talked about the bags.

Somewhat later, Wendy glanced over at Mary again. This time she was standing at her sales desk, waiting for customers to help. As Wendy looked, Mary suddenly pressed her legs together and placed her hand on her stomach, tensing up tightly. Wendy’s heart starred pounding hard in her chest. Could it be possible? Could cute little Mary need urgently to pee? Wendy glanced at the clock, and saw to her delight that it was only 8 PM. The store would not close for another hour. Another hour! Mary would have to hold her pee for another hour and then a bit more, as she would have to close down her cash register before she could leave. Wendy grew excited as she hoped Mary might get really bursting or even have an accident.

For the next half-hour, Wendy kept an eye on Mary hoping to catch more signs of her struggle with her bladder. Then Wendy got really busy with customers. By the time she got them sorted out and rang up their purchases, it was almost 9 PM. Looking over at Mary, Wendy saw that she was clearly desperate to pee by this time. Mary was pacing back and forth behind her sales desk, then stopping and stepping from foot to foot, then bobbing up and down.

Finally, the clock struck 9 PM, and the Assistant Manager closed the doors. Wendy quickly closed out her register and looked toward Mary.  Mary was standing with her legs tightly crossed, wiggling around, as she frantically closed out her register. Finally, having completed that task. Mary grabbed her purse and started walking toward the restrooms. Wendy grabbed her own handbag, and started after her.

As they neared the hallway that led to the restroom, Mary suddenly slowed and pressed her legs together tightly. The only sound was the clacking of her heels as she hobbled slowly toward the restroom. Wendy’s heart was nearly bursting our of her chest with excitement as she followed her bursting coworker, her eyes glued to the back of Mary’s legs.

Entering the restroom, Mary hobbled into the first stall. Wendy quickly entered the adjacent stall and sat down to listen. She listened as Mary’s heels tapped urgently on the floor as she frantically pulled her skirt up and yanked her pantyhose and panties down, and heard Mary’s soft moans "Oh God! O God I need to pee!". Finally, Wendy heard Mary groan as a tremendous gusher thundered into the toilet. "Oh God! I needed that!" Wendy quickly released her own bladder, feeling that wonderful relief of finally going after having held it for such a long time.

Hearing Mary wipe and flush, Wendy quickly did the same. As they washed their hands, Wendy looked at Mary. "Feel better?"

"Oh! Much better!" exclaimed Mary.

Leaving the restroom, Wendy walked Mary to her car. After exchanging

"Good Night!"s with her Mary drove off, and Wendy went to her car. As she drove home, she smiled as she looked forward to working with Mary again.

