The Waiting Game

Author: wRetch

*000*2010-11-03 17:02

Please be gentle with me, I'm an inexperienced writer! 8,c

Couldn't think of better names because I suck. :c Anyway, here it is.

###

The somewhat small room was dimly lit, the light from a television on the far side flickered, casting a bluish light over the two young men who sat on the floor.

The One, excessively bony in his build, accentuated by the wife beater and boxers he wore, sat in an odd position on an over-sized pillow, and scribbled on a sheet of paper. The Other, whose frame was indistinguishably wrapped in a sweater, peered over his shoulder, enthralled by his work.

They traded ideas for hours. The soft-spoken One, whose speech was pressured on occasion, and the sunny, gentle Other, who had a cheerful ring gracing all his words. The exchange was something interesting to hear.

Beginning to stir, the One paused for a moment, and with a fleeting crease of his brow, settled back. He sipped from a bottle of water, then set it down next to several other empty bottles. He was a chatterbox once he was on the right topic; so (as would usually claim), he drank a lot of water.

The Other looked at him, to the bottles strewn about the floor, then stole a glance at the clock. A small, impish smirk crept across his normally innocent face. That moment of discomfort, however brief, spoke volumes. It was now time for what the Other called the 'Waiting Game'.

As the One droned on, every few thoughts were punctuated by a shift of his legs. The countless bottles of water had made their way through his system. He wasn't one to mention such things; in fact, he was often so involved in what he was doing that he hardly seemed to notice.

A short time went by. The One squirmed, and switched positions every few minutes. Though it seemed the pressure in his bladder sparked some blood to rush downstairs, he was entirely nonchalant, (or oblivious,) about this, and paid it no mind.

Another long sip of water, this time followed by a brief grab of his crotch, and a small, sharp intake of breath. This display forced the Other's libido to awaken, though the One failed to notice. Considering he barely noticed his OWN trouser dilemma, it was not surprising.

More time passed. The One wriggled constantly now; it carried a tension about it that was different from his normal fidgeting; this was jerky, hurried, desperate. He reached down again, squeezing hard. An uncomfortable noise followed.

Unable to ignore it anymore, he finally spoke up. Softly voicing his need to the Other, his hand hovered over his groin should the need to apply more pressure arise. As he went to stand, the Other tugged lightly at his arm.

The One looked over, quizzically. There was a distinct air of restlessness in his demeanor; wincing a bit, a bead of sweat running down his forehead, with hand clamped over his crotch. A small, almost impatient huff followed.

The Other drank in the sight, held the One's wrist firmly, then took a deep breath. Momentarily holding eye contact so intense it might just stop one's heart. In a voice that undermined his characteristic ring, he made a breathy command.

"Hold it."

An order which held a tone of authority, but was just as gentle and soothing as always. Somehow, the One found this reassuring.

Going slightly wide-eyed, his cheeks took on an almost imperceivable blush. He didn't object. He stayed in his place, though now he pressed his thighs together tightly as he writhed. The hold on his crotch didn't cease; his bladder was rapidly filling past its' capacity.

The Other nudged that gripping hand to the side. He slid an open palm over the One's protruding lower abdomen, and applied a slight pressure. Those hands were warm; very warm. This elicited a soft whimper from him and caused him to tense up. The close contact brought the One to full-mast quickly, despite what his aching bladder had to say.

The One bit his lip, and squeezed his eyes shut in an odd mixture of discomfort and excitement. The Other, merciless in his intentions, kept a hand pressed just under the man's navel.

A bit more pressure, and the One had to actively clench his muscles to keep himself under control. It stung so much that he couldn't keep it up for more than a moment. A small cry, then a trickle of urine leaked onto his boxers. The Other relented for a moment, quite satisfied. He had opened the flood gates; the torrent was inevitable.

The One was sweating and panting softly as he desperately clenched his pelvic floor, trying to regain his composure. He froze for a moment, a deep, shaky breath indicating momentary success, until a forceful contraction of his bladder made his hand fly to his crotch.

It was futile; another spurt of urine escaped him, and created a noticeable wet patch on his boxers. The Other rubbed his hand over the wetness lustfully, and shooed that pesky hand to the side.

Pushing down, much more softly this time, on the One's bladder now had a profound effect; a stream of liquid spilled out, enough to begin dripping down his legs. The One groaned loudly. After a few long spurts, he reclaimed control of his flow, but his kidneys were still working overtime, and stretched his bladder more and more.

His muscles were tiring, his stomach ached, and the urine stung and teased his insides. Another contraction, and he leaked again, an uncontollable stream. He tried so hard to stop it, but only managed to slow it in several unsteady waves. After a few seconds, and with every ounce of willpower her had, he managed to stop the flow to a few small drips.

With a pathetic whimper, he shakily murmured, "...I can't...I can't hold it anymore." A few ragged breaths followed, a few seconds of dripping. Then, leaning against the other, a defeated moan was heard as a flood of warmth cascaded from between his thighs.

The Other tugged the man's boxers down, and played in his stream. 'High pressure' couldn't even begin to describe it; it sprayed out of him with enough force to cause bodily harm. He held him with a tight grip and aimed the stream between his legs.

Pulling him into an embrace, their stomachs met as the urine gushed, thoroughly soaking the front of their shirts. Try as he might. the One simply couldn't bring himself to stop. The urine poured from him, splattering and flooding the hardwood floor beneath him. The sound resonated loudly, like small chains rattling.

The One collapsed into the embrace, voiding completely on the Other's stomach. As the flow tapered down, he groaned softly in relief, then shivered. It gradually slowed, and he panted, the sense of decreasing pressure felt wonderful at that point.

After a short pause, he looked at the massive puddle on the floor. It had spread everywhere. He meekly apologized. The Other gave him a reassuring stroke of his hair, then tugged him off to the next room to get cleaned up.

###

Thar you go. Hope you guys like it. c:

*002*2010-11-03 21:22

{{ 

Wow. You're a really good writer.

}}

^0^ Really??? Thank you SO much! I don't have much experience, so I really don't know. > 3<

*004*2010-11-04 02:53

{{ 

I really think it would have been better with names and more dialogue, but all in all, it was really good :D

}}

I agree on the bit about the names. I just haven't found good names for those two. cx

As far as dialog, I have a pet peeve about it. I always find myself skimming through it. And in erotic works, it takes a LOT of writing skill to not sound cheesy. I just don't have the confidence for it yet. x 3x

