The Longest Car Trip

Author: Princess Jury

*000*2011-03-01 02:04

Three girls with unusal hair colors were bouncing around in the back seats of Mary-Sue's parents car. They kept squrming without rest. Mary-Sue had purple curly hair that reached her breast a little bit. She moved to the side a little, covering her crotch but still holding her friend's hand. Her friend was sitting on the other side of her, gazing out the window, clutching her crotch. She removed her hand but still kept her legs tightly crossed, and her friend did the same. Mary-Sue's friend was Clara, who's flaming red hair was an attraction point for any boy.

On the other side was a girl with silky black hair that was so long, she was almost sitting on it. She was despreatly clutching her crotch and crossing and un-crossing her legs. "I'm going to burst any minute now! How much longer do we have to wait?" she cried. Her name was Jamie. 5 yellow droplets fell from between her squeesed legs onto the gray carptet floor.

"Ugh! I have to relieve myself!" She opened her eyes. "Maybe I can pee in one of those empty cups up there. Mary-Sue, give me a boost up." Clara tried jiggling the door, but it was still locked. She looked behind her and saw about 50 cars still behind her in the traffic jam.

Jamie stood up slowly. She kept her legs crossed as tightly as they would go, and she also was holding her crotch. "I'm going to burst! I can't!" she cried. Jamie grasped the top of the seat. A hot spurt came out and ran down her legs.

She closed her eyes and crossed her legs even tighter. She collapassed to her knees and felt more hot spruts come out. She despreatly grabbed her crotch and her hand grew warm. She sighed a sigh of relif. She kept trying to hold it in, but her too full bladder over-powered her. She let all control go, and the hot urine flowed flowly down her legs, staning her white cotten panties and the shaggy carpet of the car.

"Ugh, I can't believe you did that." Mary-Sue looked away and focused on the traffic jam.

Clara, meanwhile, was pulling out an old, plastic bag from under the seat. "I'm not about to let loose like Jamie. I'm going to be rescourceful." She pointed at the bag. Mary-Sue looked confused. "Is that really such a good idea? I need to go badly too, but I'm not going in a bag." She turned away to stare at the cars some more. Clara shrugged. "Suit yourself."

She got down onto the floor, and, squatting, removed her pink panties. Mary-Sue gasped. "You aren't seroius?" she asked. Just as Clara forced some yellow spruts into the bag, the car jekred forward, shaking up both Clara and Mary-Sue. That was enough pressure for Clara's full bladder.

Mary-Sue looked below her to see Clara, all tangled up in her clothes with a yellow puddle soaking into the carpet. More was coming out, too.

Mary-Sue felt a hot spurt come out, and it soaked all the way through her panties. The car jerked one more time and the seal had broken. She grasped her crotch and crossed both her ankles and legs, shaking like a leaf. She knew there was no stopping the flow though. Hot tears pushed out of her eyes and she let the urine flow out. The seat under her instently felt warm, and was darkening into a rusty shade of yellow.

The salty, steaming urine dripped off her seat and formed a pool at her ankles. She opened her eys and admired the mess. She looked behind her and saw no cars, then looked in front and saw no cars. The traffic jam must have stopped sometime when the girls were wetting themselves.

Her mom spoke up from the front. "Now that we are out of the traffic jam, I think we should get something to eat and use the restroom. What do you think Phil?" Her dad agreed. "Let's just wake the girls up first." Mary-Sue felt a despearte urge to fall alseep, but instead she waved her wet, warm hands.

"Okay, but whatever you do, watch your step in the backseat!" She and her friends giggled in an embrassed way.

*002*2011-03-01 02:49

{{:

So this is like a text version of this?

The similarities were a little too much to be coincidence.

}}

Sorta. Since people often can't translate the strips, and since I was having trouble coming up with something, I decided on this. You aren't going to sue me or anything, right?

*005*2011-03-01 11:58

{{:

I created those strips! I shall sue you for all your money!

}}

I sure hope that's sarcasim.

{{:

I loved the story! It was great, I hope to see more stories like this one~

}}

Thank you. I'm glad you liked the story. I'm going to post more in the future, I'm just busy and I have no insperation yet. ^^

*007*2011-03-01 20:31

I acutally have lots of ideas, I'm usaully busy though, that's why I have a hard time posting thnigs up and making them good. :/ And please don't sue us, we have no money. :(

