Summer Sunshine

Author: Kez

*000*2012-06-27 02:57

This is most likely the LONGEST omorashi story you'll ever read, be warned... and it's my first ever fiction, so go easy!

It was a rare occurance that the usually dull and grey cloud cover of the English sky would disperse, allowing rays of sunlight to beam down into the cold, damp climate. But when it did, boy was it good. It was an early summer day and there was barely a cloud in sight through the blinding, blue sky.

And it was hot! Hot enough that along Amy's street she could see the windows of the flats open in full, sunlight beaming off the panes and the Vauxhalls parked neatly along the curb. The smell of pork, beef and sausage drifted through the air as people took to their yards, eager to make use of their rust-covered barbecue grills while they had the chance. The low humm of cars passing by and the soft, colourful drift of Pink Floyd on her neighbor's stereo put the finishing touches on an unquestionably beautiful day.

Too beautiful to stay indoors for Amy. Her parents were at work, her brother at school, and her schedule free till the evening. She turned around to lock her front door, the ends of the matching cream t-shirt and skirt she wore drifting in the gentle, cool breeze. It found it's way up her thighs to her fresh, white cotton panties, and she smiled as an oddly comforting sensation ran down her spine.

Where to go? Maybe she would visit a few stores in town, pick out some new attire for the evening, stop in a cafe for lunch... as long as she was outside, she was happy - it didn't matter so much where. Her Converse trainers tred almost silently along the pavement as she made her way into town.

Midday came a few hours later. Amy took another sip from the glass of freshly-squeezed orange juice and leaned back in her chair. She took a glance over her shoulder out of the cafe towards the high street. It wasn't exceptionally busy - couples drifted by in their tank tops and designer shades, M&S bags and mobile phones along the rising cobble slope.

Yet not everything was perfect, Amy realised, her mind focusing on the steadily-increasing pressure in her bladder. Another soft breeze passed by and she crossed her legs, but maintained her composure. She had not been to the bathroom for the day, and lord knows she didn't have the best self-control in the world. But she still had half a glass of orange juice left, and Amy was far too polite to leave a service unfinished.

A few minutes later she savoured the last few drops of her drink, picked up her shopping bag and prepared to leave. But as she stood, a sudden urge hit. She stopped and gently pressed her thighs together. She was still dry, it was nothing serious. She brushed the hair from her face, and continued on her way out.

Halfway down the street and Amy's need to go intensified once more, but this time it did not let up. It was becoming uncomfortable to walk. She stopped for a moment, and leaned up against a lamp post outside a nearby shop, as casually as she could. Her pelvic muscles were doing their job, but it was taking a good amount of effort and she was beginning to doubt if she could make it home in time. She sighed. That orange juice was a bad idea...

As she bent down to pick up her bag, a small trickle of urine escaped from between her legs, dampening the cotton of her panties and forming a very small wet patch. She immediately stood back up. Anyone who looked at her would barely be able to tell what happened - she held her composure well. Her facial expression remained fairly calm, with the exception of maybe a slight twinge as she stopped her leak.

She discreetly took a breath, focused all her attention on picking up her bag without further incident, and began to continue.

Only a few steps later, a young lad in somewhat of a hurry rushed past in the opposite direction, slightly bumping into Amy who was caught off-guard. The impact caused another spurt of pee to escape her, and the wet patch in the crotch of her panties began to grow. Her hand moved instinctively towards her vulva, but she refused to lose all her composure here in the middle of the street. Her jaw clenched as she fought to control her bladder. The spurt slowed to a dribble, and came to a halt, but she could feel that there was quite some damage.

She was coming to the end of the high street. Only a few more blocks to go till she was home. The heat was really getting to her by now, and the bag full of clothes she carried did no help. There were much less people around, so she paused for a moment once again at the corner of the street and set her bag down. Her urge had subsided a bit, but the need to go was still prominent.

A cool breeze passed by, drifting up her skirt to the little yellow patch on her panties. Despite the wetness, Amy felt an odd, almost enjoyable sensation as the damp cotton pressed to her vagina began to cool. She spread her legs a bit to further welcome the feeling, when the idea came to her. She was already fairly wet - why not do a little bit more in her panties, just to ease the pressure? She leaned back against the wall of a nearby building, spread her legs a tad more, and began to relax her muscles.

It wasn't easy to try and keep a straight face, but at least it wasn't hard to coax her bladder to comply. After a few seconds, a short burst of pee shot into the crotch of her panties for less than a second, before she clenched her muscles and stopped herself. She didn't want to have a full-on accident here, infront of everyone. She waited a moment, then relaxed again. Another half-second stream made it's way out and into her underwear. The pain of starting and stopping like that was a lot for Amy, but at the same time she felt rather naughty. All the people passing by infront of her, throwing a quick glance and maybe a smile on the occasion - and they all had no idea of what she was doing between her legs...

She let out a third spurt, this time for almost a second. The crotch of her panties was almost completley soaked in her pee now, and she realised she had better stop to avoid getting her legs or skirt wet. She gave herself a moment, before picking up her bag and taking a left turn and out of the town centre, taking care not to squeeze her legs together too tightly - what she had peed needed to stay in her panties.

Almost halfway home, Amy's urge had subsided a fair bit, and she was beginning to enjoy herself a bit again. There was a large, empty field to her left - if she cut across it, it would cut about 5 minutes off her journey time. She decided to take the shortcut.

Halfway across the field, the urge to relieve herself returned, more intense than ever. She stopped and pressed her legs together, trying to decide how wet she was still. Could she afford to do a little bit more in her panties? They must have dried somewhat by now...

Taking a deep breath, Amy relaxed her pelvic muscles, and felt herself start to leak into her underwear once again. But she had guessed wrong. Her panties couldn't hold any more, and a stream began to find its way down her left thigh, towards her brand new Converse trainers. Alarmed, she forced herself to stop the stream, but was met by an unbearable wave of pain. She had held it for far too long - the pressure was too much. A few dribbles escaped her pussy, her leaking gradually growing stronger. The stream down her leg resumed, and another on her right thigh began to form.

It was then that she noticed the group of boys playing football not far away to her left. A quick glance told her she knew at least one of them, and she was about to have an accident right in front of him. The game was up. She had lost, she had been defeated by her bladder. It was over.

No.

Amy dropped to her knees and jammed both her hands into her skirt, clutching between her legs. She wasn't going to give up. Her eyes shut, her face contorted with anguish as she put every last drop of energy she had into stopping the flood.

After a moment, she opened her eyes. The boys were gone. She was alone, and although it took every ounce of effort she had, Amy had managed to stop herself.

Time was of the essence now. She painfully took her hands away from her crotch to survey the damage. There was a teacup-sized patch of yellow on her skirt from where she had held herself - but she could hold her bag infront of her to hide it. She glanced around and rolled up the skirt to quickly check her panties. What she saw almost made her begin to wet herself again. She had only a glass or two of orange juice for the day, and as hot as it was, she certainly was not very well hydrated. Her panties were almost golden with pee - the wet cotton stuck against the lips of her pussy and the stain running almost halfway up the front. She wondered whether any amount of washes would return them to the pure white they once were.

But she didn't have time to think. Though a hefty amount of urine had escaped her, she was nowhere near relieved, and found herself pressing her fingers to the heavily-stained crotch of her panties in desperation. She contemplated just letting go here - did it matter if anyone saw her now? Yes. She still had some dignity left. Amy rolled down her skirt and placed her bag infont to hide her accident, then picked herself up, and proceeded on her way home. With haste.

Her bag dropped to the ground as she fumbled with her keyring, trying to get the door open as fast as she could. A trickle of urine began to escape, and soon drops of yellow began to fall from beneath her skirt onto the pavement. She crossed her legs tightly, almost doubled over. No time to worry about appearances now - she just needed to get to her toilet as fast as possible. After what seemed like an eternity, the key turned - she flung the door open, threw her bag inside, jammed both her hands into her crotch and raced down the hall. She continued to leak into her panties, leaving a trail of yellow droplets on the polished wooden floor behind her.

At the end of the hall, she stopped and almost began to cry. The stairs. How would she ever... oh, no time for that, just go! She took them two steps at a time, each step causing another spurt of pee to shoot out from between her legs. 5 spurts later she reached the landing and her bladder gave way. Her hand was drenched, the whole front of her skirt soaked, and the pee began to come out unrestrained. There was no avoiding the accident - the only question now was how much cleaning up there would be to do.

Amy's mind forgot her pelvic muscles, and she continued to run for the bathroom even as she peed full force into her panties. By now she had started to enjoy the feeling of just letting go - the warmth of the fresh pee as it filled her underwear around her vagina, and the gentle tickle as it rolled down her legs. She flung open the bathroom door and dropped herself onto the toilet - not bothering to take down her panties nor her skirt. She tilted her head back and closed her eyes, finally able to appreciate what seemed like the relief of a lifetime.

She continued to pee through her clothes for what seemed like hours, until at last the flood subsided and she was left with just the dripping of drops as they fell from her skirt into the bowl. With minimal effort, she slid the damp skirt off her legs and tossed it into the shower. Only then did she open her eyes to take a look at her pee-drenched panties that remained stuck wet to her body. A familiar feeling struck Amy, and she soon found her hand sliding down to between her legs.

She smiled. Good things come to those who wait.

*006*2012-06-29 08:42

Thanks for the feedback guys :) I know it's a tad messy (pardon the pun) - I didn't plan it out at all, I just wrote it as it came to mind! It is a one shot, but I will write more in the future and I'll remember to fix these issues next time!

