How to rehabilitate a Perv-Dog

Author: Imouto Bouquet

*000*2015-12-04 13:19

Author Note: After a long period of limited activity, I've finally had the time to return to my roots here. This is a story which I've been working on for the past few weeks whenever I had the chance to and now, finally, it's finished. As it stands at the present moment in time, this will be no more than a one-shot wonder. A single, completed story, which, due to the 11 sides of A4 length and over 6k words, had to be split into two parts to prevent post-flooding. I've gone for something very different from my other stories on this site, as you will probably notice, and stuck to a nice first-person perspective. Part 1 will be posted here and now, with the subsequent part later today (I promise you this). Here we go:

Part 1

Here's a list of things that have happened to me today. I've been: Buried alive by one of the cutest girls in my class, Had my deepest, darkest secrets revealed to previously mentioned cutie and another cutie (also from my class), Been punished by both cuties in the way I mentioned previously (and more), and also been branded a 'perv-dog' and lectured about my life choices. Quite an eventful day, if I do say so myself, however, it's only the first day of the first week of Summer break and I've still got at least three more weeks of this.

Before I regale you with the details of this rather unexpected day's happenings, I'm sure you've a few questions which I shall try to answer. First, a little about me. I'm just your average male high-school student. Average grades, average lifestyle, average hobbies, average likes/dislikes, slightly above average friends and, also, good looks (but that's my personal opinion). Granted, I'm no 'Mister Macho' or the 'Dream Guy' for all girls, but some still find me quite 'sexy', for want of a better word. Now for details on 'Cutie 1'. Her name's Vivianna (Vivi for short, or so she likes to be called) and she's in the same class as me. She was voted 'No.1' on the guy's 'most fantasised about' list, which, of course, we carried out in total secret from the girls of our class.

She's slightly short for her age, more around the height of a Junior-High freshman, but that just adds to her adorable charms. She's the epitome of a 'Perfect girl' for most guys. She gets good grades, is an ace at sports, dubbed the 'Track Queen' of the School (and it's only been first Semester), tomboyish to a fault but also a girly girl, and not afraid to kick off if people try to walk over her. She also comes from a fairly wealthy family. On top of that, she's my Childhood friend from as far back as Pre-School. We pretty much grew up together, inseparable to the point of being confused as siblings. However, she attended an All Girls private school during her Junior-High years (they were the most lonely years of my life) and I didn't get to see her again until the start of High-School, which brings on the perfect time to introduce 'Cutie 2'.

'Cutie 2' is another girl from my class. Her name is Abigail and she was voted 'No. 2' on the aforementioned list. She's another 'perfect girl' but on a different scale from Vivi. Abigail would make a perfect housewife if she wasn't so much of an air-head. She's the most intelligent girl in our class but she's so oblivious to the most normal things that it's nearly laughable. I reckon that's because she had lived a sheltered upbringing. However, she's such a nice girl, always caring for others more than herself, and also very dependable that it kind of makes up for her slight 'out-of-tune' behaviour.

She's around average height for a girl of her age (that's 16, by the way), and the most girly girl you could find. If it wasn't for me being stuck between the two of them, I doubt they would have paid each other much heed as they're like polar opposites of one another. I haven't known Abigail for as long as I've known Vivi, but she filled the gap in my interaction with the female gender in Junior-High, when Vivi was off being 'educated' in how to be a 'Refined Lady' at a Private All-Girls school. The 'education' failed, however, and Vivi's as unpredictable and as tomboyish as I know and love.

Now for more context on how I ended up being buried alive in the sand and my secrets being poured out to these innocent girls. Vivi invited myself (and Abigail, at my pleading, of course) to spend the first four weeks of summer break at her family's Seaside summer House (I told you her family was loaded).

Of course, her overprotective father, who's ex-military and currently working as a bouncer at a club in the town near where I live, just so you should know, blatantly objected to this and said that I'd 'taint' his 'princess' during the time in the Summer House (I'm a hormonal teen male, what do you expect?) but, thankfully, her Mother convinced him and I was allowed to spend the summer with 'No 1' and 'No. 2' on 'the list' (I expect that I'm the envy of all the guys in my class now. I'm not looking forward to next semester). Anyway, that's how the beach came into it. We were chaffered down by Vivi's father, who reiterated his warning that he'd castrate me if I even so much as looked wrongly at Vivi, and, after that, I was left to my own devices with the two cutest girls in my class. Lucky me!

The first night went by quite normally as we were all tired from the long journey, and Vivi's father was still with us. Obviously, I got the lowest quality Guest room which, to be fair, was on par with the most expensive Hotel rooms I know of, at the other end of the House. My dreams were dashed before they even came to fruition. Vivi got the Master bedroom, which was to be expected, and Abigail got the second most opulent room in the House. They were no more than a short hall away from each other and I was stuck around a house away. I may as well have been locked in a dog-house.

Always wanting to be by my Mistress's side but always separated by species and a large brick wall. Pity aside, when the next morning came, I got to eat some of Abigail's home cooking, which was absolutely delicious, and 'Mr. Universe' (My personal nickname for Vivi's father when he's being overprotective) quickly departed after breakfast, leaving just me and my 'hunnies' in the House. As our holiday had just begun, we decided to go to the beach for the day (the beach was no more than a 10 minute walk away from the House). It was lovely and warm outside, with temperatures in the 30s (That's in degrees-Celsius, by the way, around 86 in the Fahrenheit scale at the lowest). Perfect beach weather! And, as Mr. Universe was on his way home, that meant I could 'observe' these beauties in their beachwear uncontested. What a great day to be alive!

After putting on my own beachwear, which were basic black swim-shorts, I eagerly awaited the arrival of the Beach Goddesses I was with outside of the house. I know girls take ages to get ready, so I wasn't expecting much in the ways of rapid viewing to Save to my 'IFB' (I won't spell that out to you, use your imagination). After around twenty minutes of waiting, Vivi was the first to leave the house. Now this is what I've been waiting for!

Vivi decided to go for a daring red-and-white striped Side-tie bikini. I honestly didn't know how she was supporting the top half as I was sure her mosquito-bites she calls breasts (she'd kill me if I said that and, if she didn't, Mr Universe sure would) wouldn't have been big enough to do it. Padding expected. Doesn't matter, saved to IFB. She'd tied her short light-brown hair into a side-ponytail with a cute smiling sun hair-tie. Underneath the clear sunglasses she was wearing, I could see that she's put some mascara on her eyelashes as they seemed to be slightly fuller than normal. She doesn't normally wear make-up. Was she hoping to pull someone at the beach? Weren't her hazel eyes enough to draw any man in? They sure do to me. Over her swimwear, she had a pale-blue hooded jacket, which she had unzipped at present. She must have caught me staring and saving all of her beauty because she quickly retorted:

“Keep it up and I'll call Dad.” She threatened. Her adorable voice could hardly sound threatening, though the words sure were. I quickly averted my gaze. I didn't want my manhood to be ruined. I will sire young yet! “Anyway, sorry to keep you waiting.”

“That's okay. I haven't been waiting long.” I answered. “Do you know how much longer Abigail will be?”

“Not sure. Maybe a few more minutes? She's having a little trouble getting hers' on.”

Vivi, you really should choose your words a little more carefully. She must have noticed the slight rise in my trunks.

“Perv...” She sighed, unimpressed by my apparent fantasising. “Are we really safe spending four weeks with a horny toad like you?”

I quickly shifted the bag on my shoulder to my front to cover up my IFB becoming full.

“Coming from the one who must have been staring down there to notice.” I quickly countered with a smile. That caused her to falter and blush a little.

“Y-you're one to talk!” She shot back, her face slightly flushed, as she turned her gaze away from my package. It surely was fun teasing her like this. She's so cute when she's flustered.

After the initial awkwardness and saving of sights, Vivi decided to wait next to me, though she was a good arms-length away from me. She began to ruffle through the bag on my shoulder a little while later and pulled out one of the twelve water bottles I was carrying. That lightened the six litre load I had on my shoulder, so I was quite thankful. She then began to gulp down the water quite quickly.

“We won't have any for the beach if you go through them that quickly.” I teased her once more.

“We've all got money on us so we'll be fine as long as the stores are open.” Vivi casually brushed aside my statement after she'd guzzled down half the 500ml bottle.

“Easy for you to say. I'm still on student funds. My parent's don't give me any more money during Summer Break.”

“Quit complaining. If you're so low on money, I guess I can spare a little. But just a little, okay?”

“I guess you can be nice.”

“I'm always nice!”

Our little banter was soon cut short when I head the second of the Beach Babes call out to us.

“Sorry for the wait. I had a little trouble tieing it up.” Abigail's angelic voice called out to myself and Vivi. Not wanting to miss the chance for a 'Save to IFB' to happen, I quickly turned towards her, and, damn, it was totally worth the second awkward overflow to happen. I could feel my shorts getting tighter around 'the package'.

Abigail had abused her model-like figure to the best she could. Despite the fact that she was wearing a basic one-piece swimsuit, it could rival any bikini-clad cherub I may see today. The gold and red one-piece hugged her curves like a second skin, even going as far to accentuate her normally B-cup breasts into something which looked more closer to a mid C-cup in size and volume. Definitely going in the IFB! I would lose my manhood if I didn't save this beautiful sight!

Her long dark-brown hair was held back by a red hairband and neatly combed to perfection, and she had also put on some mascara, it seemed, as the eyelashes around her dark brown eyes were also looking a little fuller. Sadly, after catching my looks, and, perhaps, the fact that I was pitching a tent, she quickly zipped up her white jacket and cut off my view to paradise. I was snapped from my fantasy when I felt a sharp pain in my right foot. Vivi had stamped on it and, despite the fact that we were both wearing sandals, it still hurt like hell and caused me to recoil a bit.

“I guess I'll call Dad now and tell him that you're being too much of a Pervy-perv to be trusted.” Vivi threatened once more. This time, she had her phone out and was hovering over the quick-dial to Mr Universe's number. I quickly looked down and apologized profusely to Abigail for my perverted ways and Vivi for leering at her friend. That was enough to cause Vivi to put her phone away, though she seemed to show some hesitation.

Two castrations averted, I quickly hurried us along to the beach so I could view things in a more 'safe' environment. On the ten minute walk to the beach, Vivi had consumed the rest of her first water bottle and was around three-quarters of the way through her second, and Abigail had managed to drink nearly a third of her first bottle. I, myself, was also downing the water as well. The twelve bottles we had soon quickly dwindled to around eight left for drinking. Two left for Vivi, and three for myself and Abigail.

I would have thought that, with all the time Vivi spent running the track at school, she'd have a higher resistance to the heat than myself or Abigail. Turned out the opposite was true. Finally, after what felt like walking through a desert, we arrived at the beach. Paradise for any self-respecting teenage male! The jackets came off, along with the sandals and sunglasses, when we first set foot on the sand. Now I know why Abigail took a while to get ready. The back of her swimsuit was tied by numerous strings and didn't have anything material-like until it reached just above her rear. Damn, she certainly knew how to draw all eyes to her

During the time we spent at the beach, I was saving all I could for later recollection. String-bikinis, Pareos, One-pieces, regular bikinis, 'revealing' one-pieces, 'Questionable' bikinis, etc. You know, anything worth remembering and imagining on that 'special someone'. Especially if a wardrobe malfunction occurs. Of course, the girls I was with did not really approve and, shortly after I fell asleep due to mental burnout and pitching several tents, buried me alive in the sand. Lovely. At least they left it so I could move my head around a bit but, unless I could find some way to be released from my prison of sand, I'll only tan on my face, and that would be rather bad for the return to School after the break. They'd packed me in quite tightly. I must have been out for at least an hour and a half for it to be this restricting. It seemed kind of strange that they left me facing them and them alone and always managed to get within vision, despite how I moved my head.

Looking over at the bag by my side, I could see that there were only three bottles of water left. Two of them were mine and one was Abigail's. She'd marked hers with a red star sticker when we reached the beach. Vivi must have drank all of hers and then got some more as I could see a bottles of Cola and fizzy fruit drinks in the plastic rubbish bag we'd taken with us. Judging by the number of bottles in the rubbish bag, Vivi must have consumed at least six and a half bottles in total, including the four water bottles we'd brought. That's around 3.25 litres of drink, estimating that they were all 500ml bottles.

However, I'd never heard her request a 'powder break' (euphemism, you should know) once, whereas Abigail had gone at least three times before I went to sleep and we've been here for around three and a half hours. She did look a little 'bouncy' even while staying stationary right now and rifling through my jacket pocket.

Wait! She's rifling through my jacket pocket! My phone's in there! I tried my hardest to break out of the sand-cast I'd been put in, but to no avail. She'd got her hands on my phone and, surprisingly, cracked the touch input required to unlock it. Note to self: Change phone passcode when I can next move. She had my life in her hands, and she probably knew it. This was, most likely, revenge for 'eyeing' up her and the other girls on this beach. I pleaded for her to put my phone back, even going as far as saying I'd buy her something sweet on the way home, yet nothing seemed to convince her to put the phone back.

She even came up to me, squatted down over my sand-covered body so she was in my view and played around with my phone. Hey, maybe this wasn't so bad after all? From the position she's in, I could see the promised land through her bikini bottoms right in front of my eyes! The rounded peaks and shallow valley awakened the beast in me and I could feel my manhood breaking the sand-cast enough to stand firm, like a spear piercing the heavens! Gungnir, stand down this instant! The way she was bouncing ever so slightly on her toes just caused my spear to become a diamond spear. If only the rest of my body reacted to this the way mini-me did, I'd have my phone back in no time.

“Talk about boring.” Vivi sighed as she continued placing scissors to my life-thread and playing with my phone. “I just wish Abbi was here so she could debunk her theory that you're innocent and 'just another teenager'. She'd know all the places to look for dirty secrets. I'm betting that I'm holding a goldmine of pervy things in my hands and just don't know it yet. Too bad she's in the can.”

Was she toying with me? Did she really want me to bare my soul to her that badly?

“Hey, maybe Abigail's right? Why do you think I'm hiding stuff from you, my childhood sweetheart?” I quickly asked. Thinking back on it, that was a rather corny line so it's no wonder she worked me out shortly after that.

“Flattery will get you nowhere.” She answered. Her blush betrayed her words, though. Her bouncing had turned more into a shuffle now. Was she…? “Oh, hey, I've yet to check internet bookmarks and search results!”

NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! Anything but them! She must have caught on to my reaction from stating that. I was probably sweating more than a fat man in a sauna. Soon after giving the orders for execution, she opened up the internet app and showed me the home tab.

“Something on this, then?” She asked innocently. Her malicious smile said otherwise.

End of Part 1

*002*2015-12-04 17:37

Author Note: As was promised earlier, here's the concluding part of the story. This may be a rather cliched ending, but it's the only one which worked with the rest of the story.

Part 2:

“Look, I'm sorry for everything, okay? Please just put my phone back!” I pleaded her once more.

“Very suspicious….” Vivi smiled once more. “Okay, I'll start by typing the letter 'P' into the search-bar.”

I've never hated a letter so much in my life before. As expected, an adult website pops up first on the 'auto-complete' list. 'The Hub', as it was commonly referred to by the male population of the school. I really should stop using my phone for those kinds of things…

“One strike.” Vivi said to herself. She then began scrolling through the auto-complete results, adding a 'strike' for every website she didn't approve of.

Just by scrolling for a few moments, she'd already added 7 strikes to this list. She then typed in a few more 'expected' phrases for the websites she was looking for. When she came across one dedicated to G-sized boobies, she added on five strikes just for that one and even went as far as to slap me in the face! After five minutes of searching, but it felt like an eternity for me, I'd accumulated a grand total of 58 strikes. If this was baseball, nearly twenty people would be out. Abigail had came back during the searching and, in all her innocence, asked why Vivi was looking through my phone. Of course, she gave it away right away by flashing her some search results and both of them turned beet-red after accidentally clicking on a result. I was blamed for it, of course, and had another five strikes added to me, totaling at 63 now.

“Please, tell me someone else used your phone for these.” Abigail pleaded. “You can't be that bad, can you?”

“I'd like to say someone else did, but...” I answered.

“You did.” Vivi finished for me. “I know you don't let anybody else touch your phone.”

Abigail just refused to look at me or the phone then and went off on her own.

And so, on that fateful July afternoon, my entire life was ruined by falling asleep at the beach. Abigail must have thought I was an unredeemable pervert and Vivi probably hated me as well. Eventually, the biggest problem occurred when Vivi typed in something else, hoping to find the 'pettanko' search-phrase which was listed in some of the earlier results. After typing in the first two letters, my deepest, darkest secret fixation was revealed, I could see it there, in black and white, the fateful term….and then everything went black for a moment as I felt a flip-flop get thrown into my face (despite being made of soft materials, they actually really, REALLY hurt when thrown) and heard Vivi scream as loudly as humanely possible.

“PERRRRRRRRRRRVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRT!”

The rest of the beach-goers turned in the direction of Vivi at this exclamation and I could feel tens of thousands of eyes burning into my very soul… When my vision returned, for the briefest moment before a bucket got put over my head, I saw what looked like a drip-trail on the sand where Vivi was previously crouching. At that moment in time, I put it down to water residue from the projectile flip-flop. She probably stood on the beach front a little while before using her shoe as a javelin. With not much else to do, and a pounding headache from an ultra-sonic scream and a flip-flop, I decided to sleep again. I probably only slept for around twenty minutes before light returned to my vision and I saw both Vivi and Abigail staring down at me. They'd kicked the bucket off my face, it seemed.

“Dad's on his way now to take you back to the pound where you belong, perv.” Vivi coldly stated. “Any last words to your manhood before it gets cut off?”

My future children, I've failed you….

“This must be a mistake, right? You don't really prefer girls with cat-ears and tails over normal girls, do you?” Abigail quietly asked me. Poor girl's in denial… “U-um, if you do...where can I...no, never mind!”

“Please tell me this is a cruel joke, Vivi. He's not really going to come back, is he?” I begged her, pushing aside Abigail's partially finished question.

“That was a joke...” Vivi replied.

I'm safe!

“Wish I could say the same about your perversion.” Vivi finished, her words like knives in my tingly body. I tried to sit up to increase the blood-flow to my brain to BS my way out of this mess and found that I could move again! I'm not buried any more! Sweet freedom.

“Nice of you to bring me back to the world of the mobile.” I tired to change the subject.

“No good saying that. I want an explanation!” Vivi answered. She wasn't buying the deterrence. “You've just corrupted our innocent minds with your perverted ways. What do you have to say for yourself?!”

Despite the anger in her voice, Vivi looked more upset than angry, like I'd betrayed her. I guess what happened could be called 'Betrayal'. Abigail was mumbling some nonsensical things to herself which vaguely related to the things she'd seen on my phone. I've probably traumatised her…

“Not really much I can say...” I stated. That's true. I was up the creek without a paddle. “...Sorry?”

“Not going to cut it.” Vivi icily replied. “You need to repent and cease your perverted ways before even coming close to our forgiveness!”

“If that's what it'll take to be able to sow my wild oats without them landing in barren soil, then I'll be willing to do anything!” I quickly answered. I could have chosen my reasoning better, I guess. However, Vivi didn't seem to take the first half of my answer as being valid.

“Your rehabilitation begins now.” Vivi finished. “I want you to take your phone back and delete all the porno bookmarks you've got saved on there. I want to see you do it so I can validate this stage of your repentance.”

This was going to be painful…

I pushed myself to my feet and went over to Vivi to reclaim the cause of this hell. Now I was at my full height again, and the haze of sleep and the residual shoe-to-the-face pain had faded, I noticed something a little off about Vivi's behaviour. She was standing with her legs crossed. How could that possibly be comfortable in Flip-flops on sand? Wanting to get this over with as soon as possible, I ignored what my brain was telling me and took my phone back, opened up the internet and deleted all the bookmarks, leaving just the basics on there. Goodbye, three years of internet searching…

“Good. Now, phase two starts.” Vivi informed me.

“Just for reference, how many phases are there and how long will I have to do all of this 'redemption' stuff?” I asked her.

“There are as many phases as I want there to be, and you'll be doing it until we both believe that you're no longer a giant perv-dog.”

I had a feeling this summer break was going to drag on for eternity…

Not wanting to bore you with pointless details, the 'redemption' Vivi was talking about took the best part of the rest of the time at the beach. Both Abigail and Vivi thought up tasks for me to do and punished me like I was a misbehaving dog when I went against their standards. The punishments ranged from flicks to the head all the way to a flip-flop javelin to the face when I eyed up a rather well endowed beach-goer. Basically, I could only look at them and I was their slave for the rest of the day at the beach. Abigail was possibly the best mistress a slave could ask for.

She didn't order me to do anything too out of the ordinary and was also very lenient with the punishments. I wouldn't mind being her 'Butler', as she called me, for the rest of my life. Vivi, on the other hand, was the exact opposite. She was using her flip-flop javelin quite a bit and, in truth, she was the only one physically punishing me. I didn't really mind, though, because it was her doing it to me. The No. 1 girl on 'the list'. Also, on a slightly related note, I may be classed as a softcore masochist, so it actually was quite enjoyable being punished by her.

We stayed on the beach for around two hours more and it was now coming up to late afternoon-early evening. Strangely, Vivi was going nowhere near the sea and was also staying moving as much as she could. She wasn't standing still at all. Even when she was seated, she was still bouncing around a little, even more so than earlier, and took on a range on uncomfortable sitting positions. I knew it. She still has that 'problem'. I felt a little bad for not noticing until now. I knew it was strange that she hadn't left this section of the beach even once. Why didn't she tell me? We could have called it a day and she wouldn't have had to subject herself to this for as long as she had. I made sure that Abigail wasn't near us when I went over to Vivi to voice my concerns. Poor girl was practically dancing on her seat right now with her hands clamped on her lap.

“Why didn't you tell me?” I asked her, genuine concern in my voice.

“Tell you...what?” She asked, feigning innocence.

“Don't try and hide it, you're a walking textbook of 'I'm hiding something rather badly'.”

Vivi just sighed and looked at the floor, still squirming on her seat.

“Because….” She answered. “I didn't want to ruin our day at the beach due to my own weakness.”

It was useless trying to convince her with words. She's as stubborn as can be when she sets her mind on something. Time for action.

“Sorry in advance.” I inform her.

“What do you...HEY! Put me down!” Vivi tried to argue as I picked her up and held her in a princess carry. This was turning into a cliched romance moment. The love interest, sweeping the maiden off her feet and holding her like a princess! How over the top can you get? However, I doubt the love interest gets a few punches to the chest and a two-second dousing. I must have surprised her quite a bit. The punching soon stopped and Vivi's hands returned to their vice grip over her privates.

“Stop struggling. You need to keep all your focus to prevent giving me a golden shower and embarrassing yourself even more.” I sighed to her as I headed towards the toilets. Vivi was silent. I guess it took all her concentration keeping an estimated six-hours of neglect in check. Why hadn't I remembered sooner?

After a rather hasty march to the toilets, I was about to set Vivi down on the floor when she finally piped up.

“No...please...” Vivi quietly begged. I was unsure whether she was referring to me putting her down or was warning me of an inevitable flooding. “Not in there….”

“If you can't walk, I doubt I can carry you into the Guy's toilets without pulling a few strange looks.” I answered.

“It's too embarrassing...”

“So you still haven't got over it yet?”

Vivi always had an aversion to using public toilets even since she was in elementary school. I don't know if there was any real traumatising reason behind it because, frankly, I never asked. All I put it down to was her own shyness. While she may seem like a rather outgoing, confident individual, that's only in her friendship groups. When she's with people she doesn't know, she's a completely different person. She's silent and keeps herself to herself and tries her best to not make eye contact with anyone.

I could feel her trembling in my arms. Whether that was out of fear or exertion, I didn't really care. All I wanted to do was prevent her from embarrassing herself by not making it.

“Where else can you go if you don't want to go in there?” I asked her as a last ditch effort of prevention.

“...changing cubicle...” She answered, her voice no more than a whisper.

While it was a little odd and, honestly, rather unsanitary, it was better than the only other alternative. Wasting no time, I hurried over to the changing cubicles, which were, in fact, small sheds. I had no idea why they made them so big.

“Hurry...” Vivi pleaded as I felt something wet trickle down my right arm, which was supporting her lower half. Just great...Why was I such a pervert?! Tent pitching-active. If I didn't know her better, I would have assumed that she'd done all of this for my pleasure. Remember the search results earlier? The 'pe-' result which Vivi began searching showed up my 'darkest secret', which was the fact that I, strangely, get very turned on by cute girls in the predicament that Vivi's currently in.

That's right.

A pee fetish…

I'm a whole 'nother level of pervert. Vivi was well within her rights to 'punish' me.

However, despite what the mini-me was begging me to do, Vivi's health and happiness comes before my own. Getting my second wind (for more reasons than one), I spurred us along at rapid pace towards the nearest open changing cubicle and latched the door behind us before setting Vivi down on the floor and starting to head out. She'd leaked a good few more times when I rapidly increased pace so my right arm was now noticeably wet and the once red-and-white striped bikini bottoms Vivi had on now had a golf-ball sized yellow wet patch on them.

“...don't go...” I heard Vivi request as I reached a hand towards the door.

“But-” I tried to answer.

“Come back….” Vivi cut me off.

Slightly bemused, I headed over to the trembling, hunched-over Vivi. When I was no more than a few feet away, she quickly turned towards me and dived on me rather suddenly, knocking me to the floor. I was now awkwardly lying on the floor, with Vivi's wet womanhood over my, now diamond, Gungnir. Before my brain could process just what had happened, I felt a torrent of warm fluid gush over my rock-solid mini-me. Did she really just pee all over my tackle?! Before I could savour the moment, the hissing of Vivi's waterfall was accompanied by sobbing. All of the pleasure I was feeling was soon replaced by concern and, also, self-loathing. If only I'd noticed sooner….If I'd had just stopped being a perv and actually paid attention to those around me, this could have been prevented.

I'm such an idiot…

A perverted, oblivious, hormone driven, fucking IDIOT!

Unsure of what to do, I pushed myself upright and hugged the distraught girl in front of me tightly, uncaring of what mess she was making of my shorts. Mini-me must have read the moment better as it went right down. Her body just felt so right in my arms, like it was made for the very purpose of being held by me.

“I'm so sorry. If I'd have just...” I tried to apologise before Vivi cut in.

“It's not your fault.” She answered between sobs.

“But it is. If I'd have just been less of a pervert I would have noticed the signs sooner.”

“I should have spoke up.”

We could play the blame game all day and get nowhere.

“Regardless, what's happened has happened. And there's nothing we can do to change that.” I finished as I held her even tighter, squeezing away all her pain, suffering and embarrassment. I even went as far as to kiss her cheek. She definitely wasn't herself at present, as expected, as she just pulled me closer as well.

“..sorry, for everything.” Vivi suddenly said as the torrent from her trickled down to a few drips. I was now sitting in a rather large puddle of sodden sand.

“Why are you apologising?”

“All I've done today is call you a perv and boss you around. And now...and now, here you are, trying your best to comfort me, in your own awkward way.”

Okay, this was a side of Vivi I wasn't used to.

“Sure, you're perverted but….”

“But what?”

“You're also...very sweet.”

Vivi kissed me on the cheek rather suddenly. This was getting too heated for me right now.

We stayed in our embrace for a while longer. I refused to let her go until I was certain that she'd calmed down. I didn't care that I was sitting in a puddle of pee with sodden shorts. I could have stayed like this for the rest of the day if it had taken that to clam her down. Eventually, Vivi broke the silence.

“Um, do you think you could let me go now?” She asked. “I kind of want to get out of this puddle and, if we stay in her for too long, people might get the wrong idea.”

That's the last thing I wanted to add to the already problematic day I've had. I let her go and she stood up and headed to the door. It was me who stopped her this time.

“Hang on a moment, I'll bring my jacket here and you can tie that around your waist to hide the...you know...” I quickly told Vivi. I looked down to survey the damage on both of our swimwear.

The bottom of Vivi's bikini bottoms were now a pale yellow colour and still dripping slightly from the six-hour stemmed torrent that had just burst forth from her dams. They also glistened in the light seeping through the cracks of the shed. My shorts, on the other hand, were sodden, but black, anyway, so it didn't really show up that much. If I hurried along to the sea before heading back to the beach proper, I could pass it off as sea water. However, the yellow stain on Vivi's would never be passed off as anything but pee. There was a huge puddle of sodden sand on the ground where the event happened which would certainly startle the next person who used this cubicle.

I guess Vivi had returned to her old self again.

“Perv-dog.” She quietly chuckled. “But, you're not just any perv-dog, you're my perv-dog. And I won't have it any other way.”

Great, I'm an owned perverted dog now.

Thankfully, I managed to carry out my plan without a hitch and Vivi soon managed to wash away the worst of the staining, and the smell, before we began to head home. We'd need to throw both of our swimwear in the wash as soon as we get back before they get irreversibly damaged. It's times like this that I love Abigail's obliviousness as she wasn't even the slightest bit suspicious of anything that was going on and we managed to pass it all off as a 'near miss' for Vivi. Lying never felt so rewarding. All in all, today was eventful, to say the least and I got a lot of material to replace my losses. This material won't be getting deleted any time soon. However, I couldn't help but think that…

...this was going to feel like the longest summer break I've ever experienced.

