Anniversary (A High School Musical fanfiction)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-08-20 18:11

A/N: A while back, Little Widow and I discussed her possibly commissioning me. That ended up falling through, but this was the idea she gave me back then. She recently wrote a fantastic request for me, so I'm writing her commission idea as a thank you for such a lovely story.

It was a special occasion for Troy and Gabriella, and the two had a lovely night planned out. It had been a year since they had officially started dating, and they both wanted the evening to go perfectly. They would have a nice dinner and then go see a movie that they had both been looking forward to.

It seemed like it would go off without a hitch, which meant, of course, that some sort of mishap would have to occur. But the two did not know that, nor did they know what was in store for them.

~X~

When the time for their date arrived, Troy was right on time to pick up his girlfriend and the two made it to the nice restaurant where they had their reservations. The beginning of their dinner went smoothly, with nothing to indicate that anything might go wrong for them at all that night.

But as dinner drew closer to its end, they both became a bit nervous. Service was getting to be incredibly slow, and if they were going to make it to their movie on time, they would need to pay and leave soon. They waited until, finally, their server took their money and they tipped, leaving in a hurry

As they were making their way out, Troy thought about stopping to use the bathroom, but he did not want to make them any more late then they were already going to be. He could always go during the movie previews, and with that thought in mind, he decided to ignore his need for a bit longer.

Luck was not on his side, and traffic was so heavy that by the time they reached the theatre, the previews were almost over. They had to rush to get their tickets and get to their seats before the movie started. He had hoped that he would be able to go before this, but now he would have to wait until the end of the movie. He didn't want to miss any of it, and he thought that he could hold it without much issue.

Little did he know, Gabriella was essentially in the same boat as him. They had both had a fair amount to drink at dinner, and she had known she had to pee for quite sometime. But she was shy about those sorts of things and had not been willing to excuse herself during the meal. She had hoped that she could wait until he went on his own, and then she wouldn't have to explain herself, but that hadn't happened.

Now, she was uncomfortably full in her seat, and wasn't sure if she could make it until the end of the movie, though she knew she needed to. She wasn't all that eager to experience the alternative to holding it, especially not on a date with Troy, and even more especially not on this date with Troy.

So the two sat in discomfort, trying to pay attention to the movie while both of their bladders swelled and ached and demanded relief. Troy didn't want to miss any of it, after they had been looking forward to it for so long, and he didn't want Gabriella to think the movie or the date was boring him. Meanwhile, she was too shy to excuse herself and also didn't really want to miss anything.

The movie was just as good as they had expected, but with their shared predicament, it was rather hard to pay full attention to it. He could barely keep his squirming to a minimum and hoped that she didn't notice, but she was so focused on not squirming herself, that she had no idea what was going on next to her. Likewise, he was too intent on keeping his own bladder in check and had not noticed how tense and uncomfortable his girlfriend was.

Waiting this long, while trying to keep it a secret and pay attention to the movie, was a very difficult challenge. But they both did their best to endure up until the very end, and both were incredibly grateful when the credits began to roll. Neither had really seen much of it, but neither really cared as long as they made it to the bathroom before it was too late.

Standing up only made the pressure that much worse, and both found it to be a struggle to walk normally. Gabriella knew that she could not afford to be shy once they had reached the bathroom, and would go no matter what. She would not be able to hold it much longer otherwise.

As they neared the bathroom, Troy finally said, “Need to make a quick stop before we leave, I've kinda gotta...” He gestured in the general direction of the bathroom, blushing a bit as he did.

Gabriella gave a quick nod, internally relieved that he had to go too. It made things a little easier for her to admit, at least. She was so close to losing control and humiliating herself in front of him, and anything to make this easier on her was greatly appreciated on her part.

But when they got a little bit closer to the bathrooms, both of their hearts nearly stopped in a panic. Both of them had signs which read, “Currently out of order.” Relief, which had been so close, was taken away from them, and neither was going to make it for much longer.

“Troy, I...” Gabriella's eyes watered as she felt a pang go through her bladder. “I really have to...I mean, I don't think I can...”

“M-me neither,” he admitted, taking her hand. “Come on, let's hurry. Maybe if we get somewhere else quick enough...”

But there was no chance. No matter how quickly they walked, she would not be able to make it to the car, much less another location. She knew it, but she didn't want it to be true, not today, not with him, not right in front of him on their anniversary date. It was too much for her to bear, yet there was no choice and she would have to bear it.

The parking lot was mostly empty of people when she started to lose control, but that did not matter as much as the fact that the one person she didn't want to see was right in front of her. She let out a whimper as her bladder gave in, spilling its contents into her panties and jeans.

A dark patch spread, running down her legs as she wet herself fully and completely, and nothing she did could stop it. Her whimper turned into a wail as a puddle began to form on the ground beneath her and Troy stopped walking to see what was happening to his girlfriend.

“I'm so sorry,” she said, tears running down her face. “I really tried to make it, but-but, I had to go before the movie even started and-”

“Hey, hey, it's alright,” he said gently, approaching her for a small hug. “I've had to go for a while too and...” He trailed off as he relaxed, letting go. After all, he knew he was not going to make it either, and anything was worth making her feel better about all of this.

He stepped back from their embrace as he flooded his jeans, the relief absolutely fantastic. His bladder had been so uncomfortably full and it felt great to finally let it all out. He gave a small, content sigh as Gabriella looked at him, at first confused but then grateful.

“Thank you,” she said softly.

“No need to thank me,” he replied. “We both just couldn't wait anymore. Nothing wrong with that, it's not like we knew the bathrooms would be out of order. And at least we got through it together.”

With that, they took each other's hand and finished their walk to the car. Of course things had turned out alright for them, because they could get through anything together.

A/N: Cheesy and romantic! But, I mean, that's how these movies kinda are, so I figured it fit the theme pretty well. Thanks again for the nice story you did for me, and I hope you enjoy this one!

