Katie the Lifeguard

Author: alleycat89

*000*2011-09-23 18:05

Katie The Lifeguard

CONTAINS: Female Desperation & Wetting

Katie was a tall blonde 19 year old in her second year of college. She loved a good tan and checking the guys out, so she figured a job as a lifeguard at the local beach would be a great summer job. Maybe she'd even get to check out some of the tanned, toned guy lifeguards.

Today was the last day of lifeguard training, with the beaches opening to the public tomorrow. There were about 10 other guys and 3 other girls in the group. All this week they had become acquainted with the beach and with protocol... how to handle emergencies, their responsibilities, keeping hydrated due to the sun, etc.

During the course of the week Katie had befriended one of the guy lifeguards named Mark and they had become fairly close and were sitting together.

As the day drew to an end, each of them were handed their official lifeguard swimsuits.... shorts for the guys and bikini tops and bottoms for the gals.

As Katie drove home that evening she reviewed many of the things there were told. Safety, schedules, breaks. A typical lifeguard schedule was going to consist of starting at 9am, with an on-the-job lunch around noon, and a 15 minute break at 1pm. Then back on the clock until 5pm.

"Not too bad", thought Katie, "and the pay isn't half bad either".

###

The next day Katie showed up for work dressed in her well fitting lifeguard bikini. The air was a little cold and her nipples were slightly visible through her top, though she didn't notice it.

"OK", said the head lifeguard, "welcome to your first day everybody. We're going to go over assignment positions. Each of you are not to leave your assigned post without getting permission and a replacement from the main office."

With that he handed out assignments. Katie and John were next to each other, but near one of the far ends of the beach. Still, Katie hoped to have some time to talk to him as they walked back and forth at the start and end of their shifts.

"You are all free to go to your spots. Have a great day!"

John found Katie and they started to walk.

"So, I guess we're not too far from each other... I mean relatively speaking, eh?", said John

"Yeah, maybe we could make these morning walks a habit?"

They continued down the beach to Katie's stand.

"Wow, I didn't realize how long of a walk this was out here", Katie laughed.

"Yeah, it is a bit of a hike... took us what, about 15 minutes to get here?", said John.

Katie thought for a moment, she probably should use the bathroom before starting her shift, but she had no idea where they were on this end of the beach.

"Hey, John... I'm a little embarrassed to ask this, but where are the bathrooms down here?"

"Oh, ummm. Actually, there's only one public toilet and it's back near the center of the beach where we came from. I don't know why the city doesn't put porta-potties or something out here. It would make it easier on the guests."

"Well that certainly puts a damper on things, how the heck are we suppose to get there and back over our 15 minute break?"

"Most of the guys don't... they just kneel down by their stand and make it look like they are looking for something in their bags while they pee down their leg into the sand - I'm not sure what you're suppose to do. Maybe you could take a quick dip in the ocean?"

"I guess I'll figure something out... see you at 5?", she said.

"Sure, have fun!"

With that Katie climbed into her stand and prepared for the day. Four hours until break and a hot blazing sun. Katie had a bladder of steel so she wasn't really too worried about things.

As the morning drug on, Katie was enjoying her job as she watched the people swimming in the ocean surf, though the turn-out wasn't great as it was still early in the season and the water temperatures were pretty cold.

###

Around noon Katie was beginning to feel the need to release her bladder. It wasn't an emergency but was becoming uncomfortably full. As she repositioned herself in her chair she noticed her tight bikini had sort of ridden up at her crotch and was revealing one of her lips. "Well dang it", she thought, "do these things have to be so tight?" Katie pulled at her suit and straightened it out.

"Lunch time", she thought as she opened her sandwich and drank another bottle of water.

By 1pm she was really beginning to feel the need to urinate. "Good, a break!" she thought as she radioed back to base for permission to leave her stand. "Granted", came the response.

Now - she had 15 minutes to figure out where to pee. Going back to the base wasn't an option... so it looked like the ocean water. Katie went down to the shore line and stuck her foot in... ICE COLD! "OK, that's not an option - think think... plan B".

As she was walking along she saw Tina, another one of the long time lifeguards, in her stand with her legs crossed. She wondered if Tina also needed to pee.

Before too long Katie realized her 15 minutes were completely used up looking for somewhere to release her water!

"Dang It!", thought Katie as she went back to her stand. She couldn't afford to lose this job on account of not being where she was suppose to be at the proper time. She briefly considered trying to pee into the sand, but there were now too many people around for her to do it discreetly.

###

By 2pm Katie's bladder was extremely full and she was having to clench her teeth and press her legs together. She wondered how the other girls were making out, and definitely made a mental note to ask them how they were coping before tomorrow.

By 2:30 Katie noticed some dampness on her lifeguard bikini bottoms. Although she hadn't noticed any leaking, there was a dime size spot -- though it might only have been sweat. But by 2:45 it was definitely more. At one point Katie jammed her hand deep into her pussy as she felt a spasm of urine escape. Nothing bad, but her bikini bottoms were now definitely turning dark red.

Suddenly her radio came to life, "We have a situation at peer 2, all lifeguards report to peer 2".

About that time John came by on a 4-wheeler, "Jump on" he said, "we can ride together."

Under any other situation Katie would have loved this, but right now she was having serious problems controlling her body. As she climbed down from the chair, she was sure John noticed her crotch which was now being clung to by her semi-wet bikini.

As the 4-wheeler sped down the beach hitting some of the bumps of sand, Katie felt her bladder losing more of its contents. She was beat red and horrified as her urine was running down the seat onto John.

As they arrived at the peer, Katie and John saw that there was a swimmer who was attacked by a shark and assistance was needed in controlling the on-lookers.

"John", said Katie, "I can't do this. I'm wetting myself."

"What?"

"I didn't get a chance to go to the bathroom over my break and I'm leaking, if I get off here I'm going to completely soak myself."

"Why didn't you say something earlier? Hang on, I'll detour to the bathrooms".

"Thanks! You are a sweatheart!"

As they arrived at the bathrooms Katie was relieved -- no line -- but now her bladder was protesting in overdrive.

"STOP THE 4-WHEELER! I HAVE TO GO NOW!", yelled Katie... jumping off before they were even in position.

Katie didn't care who saw her, she had her fingering massaging her pussy deeply trying to avoid a further flood. As she was only about 100 feet away from the bathroom door her bladder gave another contraction pushing hot urine past her fingers and running down her legs. Her bikini bottom was now wet around her crotch and clinging to her.

Katie ran in the door and found the first open stall. Without even pulling her biking down she begin wetting into the toilet bowl. Oh the sweet relief!

Katie peed for nearly a minute before getting up, drying herself off as best she could and walking back to John.

"Didn't make it, eh", smiled John slyly.

"Well, mostly", blushed Katie, "most of it got in the toilet bowl".

As Katie got back on the 4-wheeler she thought she saw a bulge in John's swimshorts, but she couldn't be sure.

With that John and Katie rushed back to the scene to help out.

*007*2011-09-30 14:03

{{:

Did you post this elsewhere? I'm not accusing you of anything, but if you haven't posted elsewhere, then this is stolen and you should give credit to the real author.

}}

No I haven't posted this anywhere else, but I also didn't steal it I wrote it off the top of my head the other day. Is there a similar story on another board somewhere else? If so, post a link so we can enjoy it -- but my intention was never to steal someone else's work -- I'm honestly not aware of any other stories involving lifeguards.

*009*2011-10-07 00:46

Interesting. A google search doesn't reveal anything. I have no idea what you read but it honestly wasn't mine nor did I copy anything.

How long ago did you see it?

