Pokemon Omorashi epic!

Author: Alexxx

*000*2012-05-20 20:12

Greetings my fellow pokemon wetting enthusiasts! I've been writing this story for quite some time, and I wondered how well it would be received on this wonderful site :3.

A warning to you all: This is not soley omorashi, there is some depth to the characters, along with some plot and stuff, so if you are JUST looking to get off, this might not be the story for you (at least not until later in the story :3 )

PLEASE give me feedback, I love the attention and having an audience, and the feedback will determine the frequency of future updates. Anyway, here's the story!

(In this setting, a new device called a Pokespeak would allow communication between Pokemon and people through telepathic communication. It is not perfect, but it is so sought after that most trainers have it, although it is still in beta stages.)

I was sitting in class, scribbling notes for an upcoming exam. My last for highschool. That sentiment tasted bittersweet, I would love leaving and exploring the Kanto region when I finished, but I would miss the teachers and classes. I really didn’t have many school friends.

I felt a tug at my backpack, and a lazy stretch towards my consciousness.

"You awake back there?" I thought quietly towards my sleepy Pokemon. Static, my Pikachu, was resting in my backpack.

"…Do I need to get up?"

"No. Class still has about half an hour left."

"How much time is that?"

"30 minutes." I still felt some confusion, so I put it in easier terms "The time it takes you to eat four or five apples."

"Ok. I think I’ll go back to sleep then." He shuffled around in my backpack before getting comfortable. "Hey, Josh?"

"Yeah, Stat?" I answered.

"

Why do you go to school?" He asked sleepily. I knew he would fall asleep before I gave him a real answer, so I simplified it.

"To get a piece of paper." I smiled to myself.

"Why? It seems like a lot of work for a piece of paper. You’re unhappy here, I can feel it. You like battling, and hanging with your friends outside of school. Why do you make yourself unhappy here, just to get a piece of paper?"

"It will help me get other pieces of paper later that are better and more important."

"I would never want to be a human…" He muttered sleepily.

"Why would you say that?"

"You humans have it so hard. In what world would anyone want to live to have to work so hard for an uncertain future? We just roam free, and do what we want with whoever we want. You guys have it way to rough."

"Hmmmmm."

"Oh well. I know it’s more complicated than that…" He yawned, "I just don’t like seeing you sad. I wont question you though, you’ve always been the smart one. I’m just here for teh ladies…" I laughed out loud, and the lecturer glared at me.

“Did I say something amusing?” She glared.

“Um, no, I just, uh-”

"Busted!" Static thought-laughed, suddenly more alert.

“Are you communicating with a pokemon in my class? I EXPECT 100% of your attention, not split with some rodent.”

"Hey, who’s she calling a-"

"SHHHH!" I silenced my Pikachu. I looked back at my teacher. “No, I just remembered something funny that pertained to something you mentioned. Sorry.”

“And what was so funny?” She stared back, unphazed.

“Um…” Shit, I was in calculus. “T-The little exclamation point behind the ten. Reminds me of someone yelling TEN really loudly. Sorry, it’s a bit juvenile, I know.”

“Hmmm.” She turned around and continued teaching.

$$

$$

$$

*002*2012-05-20 21:44

""Hey, Josh?""

The trainer is male and named Josh :3. Sorry for the beginning Lack of detail, more will become prevalent very soon. Thanks for your interest Omo!

*004*2012-05-20 22:51

"I don’t know who the HELL she thinks is a rodent…!" Static vented as I threw another wooden stick in his direction. He electrocuted it into soot like all the others as I reached for another stick. "I mean, who supplies the world with clean electricity? Voltorbs? They would blow us to bits!"

"She’s just old. She doesn’t understand."

"Whatever." He singed another branch. "I just wish I could fight HER in a battle, I would rip-" Just then, a female trainer appeared out of some nearby bushes. I was about to great her, but static beat me to it.

"Oh heck yes." He adjusted his pokespeak accordingly. "Hey! I saw you! Let’s battle!"

"Sorry," I apologized to the trainer, "My Pikachu is a bit worked up. Because we GREET people first, then ASK them politely if they want to battle. Right Static?" He grumbled telepathically.

“Sure, I would love to battle.” She spoke. The sound of her voice startled me; I hadn’t realized we were talking telepathically. She wore a scarlet red dress with a large black belt around her waist. She had a darker completion, with dark, blue eyes. She reached around her belt and grabbed a pink poke ball covered in stickers.

“Go, Clefairy!” She shouted enthusiastically, tossing the pokeball. A red flash of light illuminated the woods, and a male Clefairy stood in a fighting stance. Static turned off “public-chat” on his Pokespeak.

"Standard beginning normal set, right?" Static beamed, completely in his element.

"You got it. Go!"

###

(Static POV.)

This was my thing. There were many things in life I couldn’t control. My trainer planned my life, where we ate, and where we live. Don’t get me wrong, he’s fantastic, and I love our lifestyle, but at times I yearn for more control.

This. This is where I dominate. This is my arena, and this is my show. I cracked my knuckles. Time to shine.

"FAKE OUT!" I shouted, smashing my paws in front of the Clefairy. He flinched backwards, giving me the opening I needed. "Brick Break!" My paw glowed orange with fighting energy, and I crashed it against my opponent. Clefairy skyrocketed into a nearby tree, splintering the wood. My cheeks charged with electricity, and I took aim.

“Clefairy! Use double-”

"Thunderbolt!" I interrupted, electrocuting the pink puff. It collapsed on the grass.

"Yes! Heh! Didn’t even get a chance to attack!"

"Don’t get cocky, she has more." My trainer commanded. I shook my head, he was right. I had to keep my head in the game.

“Go, Wigglytuff!” She tossed another hot-pink pokeball in the air, revealing a rather-large Wigglytuff.

"Alright, standard beginning normal set again, right?"

"NO." My trainer commanded, and startled me. "You cannot use fakeout again, it will fail, and it will give her Wigglytuff an opening on you. Go straight for the Brick break thunderbolt combo."

Damn, I completely would have forgotten that. That’s why he’s the trainer!"

"Brick breaaaak!" I thought-shouted rushing at the Wigglytuff. She caught me in midair and attempted a double slap, but I twisted out of her grasp and smashed her with my glowing palm.

“Wigg-AUGH!” She exclaimed as she crashed against the ground.

"Thunderbolt!" The nearby bushed crackled with electricity as I eliminated her remaining HP.

“Wig…” She collapsed upon the grass.

"Nice work, Static. Only one more to go." I beamed at my trainer’s praise.

“Go, DarknessWithin!” She laughed, throwing a pitch-black luxury ball. I flinched as A krukodile appeared, glowing with dark energy. My eyes grew wide, and I started backing away. Third evolution ground and dark type!? I didn’t stand a chance, there was no way…

"Calm down." My trainer commanded, feeling my fear leak into his consciousness. "Focus. You know what to do."

Shaking, I pressed my palms together in an attempt to clear my mind. I closed my eyes. I felt the stomping of the ground as that monster charged me from across the forest.

In, out. In, out. This wouldn’t work if I didn’t focus. Deep breaths…

I heard the vegetation crunching under her massive footsteps.

In, out. In, out.

I trusted my trainer completely. He wouldn’t allow me to meditate too long, he would warn me in time to react.

In, out. In, out. Focus.

"Now, Static!" I focused the energy I had gathered, and released it into an aura of light blue light around me, aiming at the Krokidile.

"HIDDEN POWER ICE!" My aura smashed against the foe, sending him flying, and crunshing against the unforgiving ground. I didn’t give him any time to get up. "Brick Break!" I shouted, smashing my hardened palm into his stomach.

"Good work, Pikachu." The collapsed Krokodile laid on it’s side, and I was once again rewarded with Josh’s praise. I beamed in victory.

The girl trainer on the other side returned her fainted pokemon to it’s pokeball. Now would come the small talk, the shaking hands, and the talking about strategies. I rolled my eyes just thinking about it.

“Thanks for a great battle! I don’t believe I caught your name?”

“It’s Sandy. Hey, that’s one hell of a Pikachu you got there!”

"You know it." I said.

"Modesty." Josh directed. I slumped back. "…but deserved." I grinned.

“Yeah, he really is.” I heard Josh say. “This little guy’s gotten me out of some tough situations.” I adjusted my Poke-speak.

"WE have gotten out of tough situa- Hey! Put me down!" Josh grabbed me playfully, and I struggled to get loose. After a second he placed me on his shoulder. I pouted accordingly.

“We make a good team.” I messed up his hair as revenge. “Hey!”

"We do." I jumped out of his reach as he blindly grabbed at me with his hair covering his eyes. By the time he managed to brush out his hair, I was already on the ground. I stuck my tongue at him.

“Aaaaanyway” Josh said, trying to recover from my little prank. “Do you want me to walk you to the pokemon center? Protect you from any tall grass along the way? It’s kinda dangerous without any pokemon that are awake.”

“I’ll be fine.” She revealed another pokemon under her hat. “Just for emergencies. But I’ll tell you what. Can I meet you later at the mall, maybe we could all get a bite?” Augh, humans. There are far too many social protocols…

“Sure, I’d love to. Meet you at seven?” Josh said. I noticed some feeling seeping from Joshes conscious to mine.

“Alright, see you there.” The girl dressed in red disappeared back into the forest from the same direction we came.

I noticed the feeling bubbling up in Josh’s consciousness again. Once she was gone, I looked back up at him.

"What are you thinking, Josh?" I asked him, not recognizing his feelings.

"I’m thinking…we have a date. How’d you like the Wigglytuff, Pikachu?"

I smiled. "Meh."

"Oh, so the Krokodile was more your style?"

"AAAAUGHHHHH! Ok, Wigglytuff! Wigglytuff!"

He laughed, and I laughed. It had been a good day.

*007*2012-05-21 17:37

{{:

I hope you don't mind my constant commenting but I really like this story!

}}

(Not at all, I love the attention :3 )

(Sandy’s POV)

Wigglytuff sipped her lemonade at 7:02. I tapped my foot.

"He’s not going to show, you know" Wigglytuff sipped her canned lemonade.

"You don’t know that."

"Sure. I’m sure he’s just late, right? How long are we going to stay? Two hours , like last time?"

"IT WAS DAILIGHT SAVINGS TIME!" I shouted in my mind. "It was a mistake anyone could have made!"

"He didn’t make a mistake, he didn’t SHOW."

"Shut up!"

"You’re shooting too high. Maybe you should talk to that chubby kid with the todidille-"

A sharmory flew close overhead, and a trainer with spiked orange hair jumped off, and landed adjacent from me. He bowed sarcastically, showing off an amazing smile.

“Sorry I’m late, may I join you?” He returned the Skarmory to it’s pokeball, and a little yellow mouse bounded up to his side.

“Certainly.” I gave an I-told-you-so smile to Wigglytuff, finishing off my lemonade.

(Josh’s POV)

I bit back tears as I approached Sandy’s table, concentrating on preventing too much of my pain from leaking into Static’s consciousness.

"Dude, are you ok?! You landed really messed up on your left paw!" Static thought in concern.

"Foot. It’s fine, it just kinda stung from the landing."

"Dude, it was SIDEWAYS. I SAW that. And I can sense when you’re lying."

"They you can also sense when you need to SHUT UP and let her believe I stuck that."

"That was like ten feet high! PLUS you jumped off instead of sliding!"

"Sush!" I commanded, and he fell silent, albeit concerned. I sat down across from sandy, we began chatting; it took every ounce of discipline I had not to clutch my ankle in agony.

“That was a nice trick!” She exclaimed. “You must practice with that Skarmory a lot!”

“Skarr? Nah, It’s just a parlor trick I pull out every once in a while.”

“Skarr? Creative name.” She chuckled. I forced myself to smile.

“It’s more fitting then you might think.”

"Dude, it’s all purple and stuff!" Static interrupted my thoughts. "Plus your shoe is red and sticky."

"Ignore it. I’ll finish this date, and they we’ll walk to the hospital on the second floor. AFTER I get her number."

"Dude, you’re in agony. You’ve got to tell her, dude."

"Stop saying dude, you sound stupid." I snapped at him. "Plus she thinks I stuck the landing. So be quiet!"

We talked for a few minutes after that, mostly about pokemon and battling, but also about our different families and where we were from. She told me how she got the pokemon she traveled with, including Wigglytuff, her favorite. Static interrupted my thoughts again.

"It’s like SIDEWAYS, Du-, Josh, You NEED to do something about this. I think I can see part of a bone."

"I’m FINE."I stated angrily. Static sighed and adjusted his pokespeak. "Hey! Stop! Don’t you dare-"

"Hey cute-red-dress-girl!" Static thought to her, getting her attention. "My trainer is hurt, and we need to take him to a hospital."

“I’m fine, don’t listen to him, Sandy.” I shot a glare at my Pikachu, who persistently continued.

"Holy crap, look at his ankle!" Wigglytuff exclaimed, pointing under the table. Sandy peeked under aswell. I rolled my eyes.

“Holy shit Josh, what happened!?”

“Erm, I guess I didn’t quite stick the landing as well as I would have liked.” She put her face in her hand and sighed, annoyed. “Boys and their bravado. Here, let me help you to the hospital wing.” She offered her hand to help me get up.

“I’m fine, I can walk there myseAAUUGH!” I exclaimed, when I attempted to put any weight on my foot.

“Wait here, I’ll call up a stretcher.” She rolled her eyes and pulled a purple cellphone out of her pocket.

"

Now I look like an ass…" I muttered to Static.

"Better an ass that a guy with a phone number and an amputated paw." He retorted.

"Worse than an ass that doesn’t need an amputated FOOT and has no phone number." I pointed out.

*010*2012-05-22 04:32

The doctor had bandaged my foot pretty well, and the medication defiantly dulled the pain. Once I was back to my normal ‘not in hellish-pain’ self, I apologized to Static for yelling at him, and thanked him for helping me when I really need it.

"No problem, DUDE." He licked my hand that was dangling off the bed. To my surpise and delight, Sandy has stayed with me the whole time, calling me a knucklehead, but telling me what I did was a cute gesture none-the-less. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Wigglytuff and Static talking, but I didn’t give it a second though.

“You really could have hurt yourself, you know.” Sandy condescendingly stared down at me, lying on the bed. “That jump was way too high for your first attempt.”

“In my defense it was supposed to be lower…” I smiled sheepishly.

"Aaaaaand..." Static intergected, "He was supposed to SLIDE off, not jump off like an idiot."

“Hey, watch it, buddy, or I’ll kick you with my good foot.” I made a pathetic attempt to threaten him by wiggling my right foot. We all laughed.

“Hey, it’s getting late.” Sandy mentioned, looking at the time. “I’m gonna go home and grab something to eat for me and Wigglytuff, she’s been complaining telepathically this whole time.”

"Hey!" Wigglytuff stated angrily, "That was private!"

“Anyway,” Sandy continued, “I’ll catch you later. Call me.” She planted a note on my stomach, and a kiss on my lips. “Thanks for…at least, an interesting first date.” She smiled and left the room.

"AWWWWWWWWWWWWW YEAH!" Static fist pumped the air, in a mixture of his and my emotions. "Dude, you TOTALLY have her. She’s SO into you. I think she’s like the nurse type, that likes, like, caring for sick people and stuff. Anyway, you NAILED it!"

"Thanks, but I think you have your own motivation for wanting me to have a second date with sandy." I accused the coy Pikachu.

"W-what?" He quickly attempted to shield his emotions from me. "What are you talking about?"

"I saw you checking out her Wigglytuff, you were definitely interest-"

"No, nuh-ah. I didn’t. I mean, I might have looked at her, or something, but not like that. Like, not like, like, THAT, you know? I was just looking, um, just, like being polite." I laughed at how flustered he was becoming. "Don’t laugh at me!" He glared, cheeks somehow more red the usual. "I was, we were just, like chatting. And you like, stare, I mean look at people when you talk. It’s just what you… SHUT UP!" Static turned away and stomped angrily on the ground. I smiled and reached across the bed and picked him up by the tail. "Hey, what the-!? Put me down! Hey, I’ll shock you, I’ll DO IT!" I placed him gently on my stomach, and petted him with my other hand.

"Calm down, maybe we can double date, huh?"

"Whatever, I don’t care." He turned his head away, but couldn’t help purring as I continued petting him.

"Aww, don’t talk like that, you sound like Skarr." Static snorted with sudden laughter, and I knew I had won him over.

"Ok, fine. ONE double date." Static grudgingly agreed.

*012*2012-05-22 05:26

{{:

ROFLMAO, genius!

"I knew I had one him over." I believe there is an error here though.

}}

( *Changes post quickly* I don't know what you're talking about! *looks suspicious* )

*014*2012-05-22 18:34

(Sandy’s POV)

I turned outside the door, and immediately grabbed my crotch HARD. There was no reason I should have waited this long to pee, especially with Josh standing right there! I bend forward, biting my lip.

"What the hell was that in there!?" Wiggytuff berated me, "Why did you wait so long? They had bathrooms there you know, you could have just GONE."

"It’s not that…" I muttered.

"You are so WEIRD." She looked upset. "This is the reason why people don’t hang out with us, because of your weird… ‘habits’."

"You like it too, I can sense it."

"I DON’T DO IT IN PUBLIC!" She shouted, blushing a deep red. She turned to run away. I dashed and caught her quickly, her little legs thrashing in the air. "How long have you…" She squeezed her eyes shut, crying softly.

"I can feel your emotions." I responded as she tried to hold back her tears. "Look, I know it’s not exactly ‘normal’, it’s not a choice! It’s just something that’s kinda…fun."

"I don’t want to like this." She pouted. "It’s not normal."

"

Who cares?" I smiled at Wigglytuff. "Why do we have to like what everyone else likes? Why can’t we enjoy what we want? Why can’t we be different?"

"I don’t…" She sniffed. "I don’t know."

"Do you want me to sto-"

"NO." She interrupted. "I mean, I…no, I don’t. I just don’t… can we do it more…privately?"

"Sure." I pressed my legs together once more to insure I remained I control, then dashed into the closest bathroom. She stared at me the whole time, with an emotion I had felt before, but never fully understood.

Envy?

*016*2012-05-25 01:05

We arrived at home, and Wiggly got out two large bottles of water.

"Ok, lets do this." She puffed up to appear larger then her normal self, a show normally meant for intimidation. In this circumstance I think she was just trying to appear brave. "I’ve been… thinking about this for awhile."

"Doing a hold contest?"

"Yeah."

"Alright then. Any rules, or just bottom’s up?"

"Just drink it I guess…" I had never seen her look so timid. This wasn’t like her, she was normally very boisterous and obstinate.

Five minutes passed, and I felt a bit jittery. It wasn’t from desperation I knew, it was just from the thought. Wiggly looked at the floor, emotions somewhat closed off. I let her stand quietly for a few moments, but afterward I had to pry.

"What’s up?" After getting no response I dug deeper into her consciousness. "Seriously. What are you thinking?"

"…"

"Wigglytuff, come on. You can share anything with-" All the sudden, I felt all her thoughts amush me at once.

"How can you do this in public, don’t you feel weird? What about what people think of you, what about their opinions, what about your status? What will they say about you?

What will people think? What will…" She stopped suddenly, and looked sullen. "How can you…not care? Not care about the world?"

"People’s opinions don’t bother me much. Chances are I won’t see most of them again. But yours do. What do YOU think?"

She stared back at me, eyes blurred with unshed tears. "I wish I were as secure as you. That’s…" her thoughts became momentarily blurred with sadness. "I…I hate myself."

"What?"

"Everything about me is wrong! I’m fat, I like…whatever THIS is!" She pointed an accusing limb at the half-full bottle of water on the counter, "And I’m mean. I’m mean to everyone, I’m mean to you. And I love you. You’re the only one that has ever been nice to me, and I’m mean to you." She sobbed, tears shattering on the smooth oak floor.

"Come here…" I enveloped her head in my arms, cushioning her tears. "I love you too." Her sobbing continued. "You’re my favorite, you know?" She looked up at me, eyes still watering. "Clefairy is my sisters, and Krokidille is just for battles, she doesn’t even like me.

"How can you like me…?" She started tearing up once again.

"Because you’re funny." I poked her in her belly, causing her to giggle. "Because you’re interesting." I poked her again, and she laughed openly. "And…" I circled above her stomach with my finger, causing her to cringe in delight, hiding most of her stomach with her little limbs. "Because you’re not mean. You’re just insecure, about yourself." I poked her again, and she shrieked with laughter. "You just needed to be sure of yourself. And you needed to love yourself, for not how other people look at you, but for how you look to YOURSELF."

Her watery eyes glanced up at me, smiling through her tears. I wrapped my arms around her tightly, and she returned my embrace.

She sniffed once, regaining her composure. "S-so, you can’t tell people I cried. Ever." I smiled.

"Of course."

"Ok. Um…" She glanced at the half full bottle on the counter. "Can we…keep playing?"

"Sure."

She ran, and hugged my leg. I smiled and returned the embrace.

It had been a little over an hour, and both of us were showing visible signs of desperation. I had changed into something a bit more suiting, tight blue jeans with nothing underneath and a purple tanktop. I bent over every once in a while, and Wiggly shifted from foot to foot.

(more then an hour later)

"This is exhilarating!" Wigglytuff exclaimed. "I’ve never done this on purpose before…ah, this is scary! But fun!" She giggled. Suddenly I heard a loud series of knocks on the front door. Wigglytuff stood petrified. "Sh-shit! People can’t see us like this, uhhh, ummm, I forfeit!" She ran to the bathroom.

"Wait! Come on, let’s have a bit of fun. Neither of us are that desperate yet. Plus it’s probably just a traveler or deliverymen. We’ll talk to them, and then come back inside and continue." Wiggly looked terribly hesitant.

"…Ok. Lets be careful though."

"Alright." I winked, at Wigglytuff, and opened the door. My eyes grew wide, and I broke into a cold sweat.

“J-Josh, hey…what are you doing here?”

*019*2012-05-29 02:44

(Wigglytuff POV)

“Yeah, I got the brace on.” Josh answered, looking sheepish. “I would have called, but, um…”

“But what?”

“Well, you didn’t answer.” Sandy flipped her phone of her pocket, and to her dismay she realized it was on silent, with two unanswered calls and three texts. She rolled her eyes.

“Anyway, I was wondering if you wanted another battle. Static’s been itching for a rematch against the one in your hat. He can’t stand secrets.” Josh laughed, looking down at his Pikachu.

"No." I said, as I dragged her outside. "No. nononononononono. NO. I CAN’T right now. At least let me pee first!"

"You’ll be FINE. One battle won’t be a problem." I looked at her with terrified, wide eyes.

"Are you sure?" I asked her, whimpering softly.

"Yeah. You’ll love it." I smiled.

"…ok." I responded after a long pause. Static ran to a side of the forest, and prepared himself for battle.

“TUFF.” I puffed myself up to looking intimidating. I adjusted my pokespeak so I could communicate with the Pikachu.

"It won’t be so easy this time, electric rodent. I know all your moves, you know almost none of mine."

"Bring it on, bubble-gum." Static replied, cheeks charged with electric power. I was surprised at his confidence.

I watched Statics face quickly display intrigue, confusion, and understanding. His trainer was giving him telepathic commands. I wondered what his first move would be…

"Wiggly, are you ready?" I gulped.

"Yeah, I think so." I thought, feeling a twinge at my bladder. "Double-slap, Body Slam?"

"You got it. He’s clearly going to charge at you, so be prepared."

Ibraised myself and readied my palm. Sure enough, the Pikachu tore across the wildlife, and rushed at me, cheeks blazing with sparks.

“Pi…..!” He shouted, palm’s glowing orange. "Shit." I thought, "he’s going straight for the Brick Break."

“KAAAAAH!” He swiped at me. I dodged by a hair, and attempted to counterattack. “KAAA” he swiped again vertically. I slapped him once, disorienting him, and then twice. He jumped backwards to avoid further damage. “KAAAAAH!” He dashed at me, paw transformed into a fist. He smashed it against my lower stomach, sending me a foot into the ground. I instantly loss control.

"Ack! Ah, Ah, I can’t stop it! Ahhhh!" I screamed to my trainer. Warm pee gushed out of me! I bent forward and grabbed myself hard, and ended the flow. I was humiliated. Static stared at me in bewilderment, unsure of how to react. I felt the hot tears return to my eyes.

"Shit, uh, I’m really sorry, I didn’t mean to, like, hit you there…" Static stumbled, "I-it was an accident, I swear-"

I dashed inside, clutching myself as I ran. Static rushed inside with me, continuing to stutter his apologies. I heard my trainer talking to me through my Pokespeak, but I didn’t care. I was humiliated. I can’t believe that just happened…

I almost got to the bathroom, but another urge hit me hard. I doubled over, grabbing my crotch hard. Pikachu caught up to me.

"Why did you wait this long? Why didn’t you go before the battle?" He asked. Doubled over, I didn’t respond. "Woah, I can feel what you’re thinking. Do you like-"

"NO!" I shouted. I’m not like that! It was an accident, you hit me weird, and I just-" As I spoke, Static changed his tenor. He puffed out his chest, and looked at me with a gleam in his eye.

"You know, if you just wet here, I wouldn’t tell. Not our trainers, no one. It could be our secret." He bit my ear playfully.

"Do you…want me to?" I blushed, looking into his coy, eager eyes.

"Yeah." He smiled devilishly. I didn’t really think at this point. I never met a boy who had liked me before, this was so new…

"Ok…" I took a deep breath, partially covered my eyes, and relaxed. The relief was enormous, and I watched Static’s expression go from interest to wild infatuation. My fur was soaked, and once I was finished, he rushed at me, pinning me to a wall.

"D-Don’t we have to clean up first…?" I asked hesitantly.

"It can wait, after this." He rubbed my fur, spreading the warmth to my stomach, and kissed me for the first time…

*021*2012-06-02 04:37

(Sandy POV)

Meanwhile, Josh was visibly worried.

“What happened, did Wigglytuff wet herself? Is she ok, does she have some kind of condition?” Josh looked concerned.

“No, we were, um, playing a holding game, to see which one of us could hold our pee the longest.” I blushed, and wondered if I could play this off as just a game…

“Isn’t that, like, dangerous? What if your bladder explodes?”

“It can’t” I laughed, and I saw a look of intrigue in his eyes. “You haven’t tried it?” I asked.

“I guess I’ve thought about it sometimes, I’ve never like, actually-” His eyes grew wide, and he fumbled with this Pokespeak. I instantly felt something too, coming from Wigglytuff. A mixture of embarrassment, insecurity, and pleasure. The sensations overwhelmed me momentarily, before I could shut off the Pokespeak. Josh looked awkwardly at me.

“That fun, huh?” He asked sheepishly.

“Yeah. We could have a contest of our own, out here, while our pokemon are…” I tried to think of a kind way of putting it. “Otherwise occupied.”

He blushed, and smiled. “Um, ok, yeah, sure.”

“I’m at a pretty bad disadvantage though, I’ve been holding for almost an hour and a half. I’m going to pee a little, then we can play.”

“Out here?!” I hadn’t considered peeing in the woods, but his look of bewilderment convensed me otherwise.

“Yeah, why not? That tree over there looks good.” I smiled coquettishly.

“Wait, how would you? Girl’s can’t pee standing up.” He stared at me and my undaunted confidence. “Can they?” he asked.

“I’ll show you if you want…” I flirted.

“Sure, um, yeah, ok. If it’s ok with you, you know.” He fumbled. I walked up to the tree, and he jogged in front of me to get a better view. I unzipped my jeans, unadjusted myself accordingly. He blushed, but never averted his gaze. I relaxed. Pee exploded out of me, splashing the tree with an amber mist. Josh shoved his hands in his pockets, and attempted to pull his gaze out of modestly.

“Ok, that’s enough!” I stopped after only a few seconds, causing the stream to slightly wet the front of my pants. I have my crotch one final squeeze, and pulled two water bottles out of my backpack, and tossed one to Josh. “Want to play?”

“Yeah!” He grinned, downing half the bottle in one, massive gulp. I smiled. Today would be a good day.

