72 hours, 24 masks, 1 moon, and 500 ml

Author: random999

*000*2015-08-25 16:34

Three things:

The title doesn't bear much relevance to the story, but I just put it there as a play on the game’s tagline.

I've never written for male before, I apologise if it's a bit vague (and also the character in the story is rather young so it would have been awkward to go into explicit detail)

Link does talk in this, because I’ve tried writing without giving him dialogue and I find it really hard to communicate how he feels like that.

Anyway...

(>) (A) (v) (>) (A) (v)

The morning sun shone brightly across the marketplace, illuminating every nook and cranny of Clock Town. Bells began to sound from the famous tower in the centre - six o’clock, and the town was waking up. Once the noise subsided, a boy dressed all in green stepped out from beneath the intricate clock face, and continued walking across the square, followed closely by a glowing ball of light. Link brushed his long blonde hair out of his eyes, and put his sword away. A few minutes ago, he had been against the clock, trying desperately to stop the moon from crashing into Termina. But with the Ocarina of Time, he could return to the dawn of the first day as many times as he wanted. He looked back at the clock tower - 6:01 a.m.

72 hours until the ocarina would come in handy again.

“Tatl, don’t you think we were cutting that a little close?” He looked up to his fairy friend, who had been impatiently hovering beside him.

“It wasn’t that close,” she reminded him sternly. “At least, it wouldn’t have been if you hadn’t stopped to use the bathr-”

“Hey, I was tired! I didn’t want to risk it!” Link looked up, ready for her response, but saw that Tatl was smiling.

“Don’t worry, I know you were tired. Why don’t we use this cycle to rest, and try to, well, hone our skills so that we can complete temples more quickly? We could both use some rest, right?”

The idea hadn’t occurred to Link, but he liked the sound of it and quickly agreed.

Link couldn’t even remember when he last slept. It was only midday, but they had to wait for the shooting gallery to open, and Tatl looked like her wings might fall off if she did any more flying.

In the calm environment of the inn, it was easy to get drowsy and soon they had both nodded off.

DA-DONG! DA-DONG! DA-DONG! DA-DONG! DA-DONG! DA-DONG!

Link’s eyes slowly fluttered open. How long had it been? A sleepy glance through the window told him the answer - just six hours, but it wasn’t worth going back to sleep now. Tatl hadn’t woken up, but instead was fast asleep on his scabbard, atop the bedside table.

Getting out of bed, Link felt the familiar feeling of urine in his bladder- usually, they would be in the middle of some forest with nobody in sight, and they could both answer nature’s call without being disturbed (although Tatl sometimes flew out of sight for some extra privacy).

The last time he had needed to go, as she had reminded him earlier, had been in the depths of snowhead temple. All the potions from earlier that day suddenly caught up to him all at once, and he had been forced to dash out of the final room in favour of keeping his clothes dry. It had wasted precious minutes, so they had had to escape quickly before the 72-hour deadline caught up with them.

He approached the toilets, and tried to open the door. It wouldn’t open, so he tried again, harder. It still wouldn’t budge! He looked around for some kind of reason- did he have to get a key from the receptionist? Link sighed when he saw the nearby sign:

“Restroom off-limits for monster removal. Due to be fixed tomorrow.”

Of course, the last time he had used this particular bathroom, it had been on the second day, not the first! Link walked towards the exit at a slightly quicker pace than usual. He was vaguely uncomfortable, but could manage for now. After all, last night had been a one-off.

I just need to find a bush or something like that, somewhere where nobody will see…

He opened the door into the commercial district of East Clock Town, where the streets were full of people who had arrived for the carnival of time.

But in a busy town like this… where am I supposed to go?

He noticed the gate that led to Termina Field, and cursed himself for being so stupid. Obviously, if there were too many people inside the town, you just had to go outside the town!

He squeezed his way through the crowds, noting just how many there were. By the time night fell, most of these people would already have fled for the ranch to try and escape the moon--

“I don’t think so, boy!” Link looked up to see a disapproving guard staring down at him.

“Have you some errand in the canyon?” Link hadn’t been planning to go as far as that- he would only have to go about 10 yards before he found a suitable spot.

The guard, who had been waiting for a response, continued his lecture.

“I cannot allow you to go out on your own until you are old enough to carry a sword.”

“But I have a sword!” Link was astounded as to why this guard wouldn’t let him out.

The guard peered over Link’s shoulder. “I don’t see any sword, kid.”

Link finally realised why the guard thought he didn’t have a sword. Because he had left his sword back in the inn, by the bedside table! He turned back to the inn, his bladder giving him regular reminders that it was time to visit the toilet. The crowd was harder to get through now, as every collision added just that little bit more pressure to his bladder.

“Link!” It was Tatl, flying towards him from the opposite side of the square.

“I’m sorry! I overslept! Did I miss anything?”

“Um, no. You didn’t miss anything. I just woke up a bit early, that’s all.”

“Well, the shooting range should be opening now. Were you going there?”

She noticed his slightly awkward stance.

“Don’t worry, the bathroom is open now, it won’t be like snowhead templ--”

“I don’t need the bathroom!” Link exclaimed suddenly. He wasn’t angry with her, but he just didn’t want her to think that being desperate was a regular thing for him.

Well, I’m not THAT desperate… I can wait for a while yet…

Tatl believed him- or at least, Link hoped she did.

“Ok, then. I suppose you’re just nervous for the archery? Don’t worry about it, you’re great!”

60 minutes later, Link had almost reached the end of the session. He had been doing practising ever since he was back in Kokiri forest- that is, if you consider annoying Mido with a slingshot ‘archery’. Both of his hands needed to be on the bow at the same time, one to grip the ornate wooden section, and the other to draw back arrows before firing. Not for the first time, Link found himself wishing that he had another hand to hold himself with, too. The pressure in his bladder had grown significantly over the hour that he had been in there, and he hadn’t even been able to squeeze down below, not with the targets constantly popping up everywhere. After what seemed like an age, the man at the desk called to stop, to which Link gratefully obliged.

It was now dark outside, and a slight patter of rain was beginning to fall over the roofs of Clock Town. Link tried his best to ignore it and to get back to his stuff, his bladder begging him to find somewhere to empty it, and quickly. But when he finally reached the inn, he was greeted with yet another unwelcome notice. The inn had locked the front door for the night, and the door was standing between him and a toilet! Link stepped back, trembling. He never brought the room key with him, not when he could use the nearby deku flower to get up onto the roof. The very thought of transformation made him cross his legs- it was excruciatingly painful to transform from one form to another, and he had never tried it with a full bladder before - would he be able to hold it?

Without even trying, the back of his left hand began to glow, outlining the shape of the triforce of courage.

What… of course I can hold it! … I’m the Hero of Time!

And without further debate, Link put on the deku mask.

The familiar swirling blue light began to emit from his entire body, enveloping him until he was completely obscured, and then his body began to twist and contract into a new shape, a smaller shape- the shape of a Deku scrub.

The pain hadn’t been enough for him to scream this time - he had been getting used to it - but as he took on his new form, he noticed that something was terribly wrong-

Link doubled over, the large volume of urine in his bladder suddenly seeming to weigh a lot more, clamping his hands over where he was sure he was about to wet himself…

But it didn’t come- as a deku scrub, my anatomy is different, and things don’t work the same way as they do for humans…

He rushed towards the Deku flower as quickly as his legs would carry him.

With bodies made of wood, Dekus don’t store urine in their bodies, in case it weighs them down during flight…

But even though Link had changed form, he still had the same amount of liquid splashing around inside him.

I’m smaller, so I can’t hold as much… aaah…!

There was no danger of him wetting himself as a deku scrub, but with all the urine sloshing around inside his wooden abdomen, he still felt like he was about to burst.

Gathering up all his strength, Link hovered over to the roof of the inn, where the door was still open, and he could get in, he could get to the toilet on time, he cou--

He couldn’t. He just couldn’t bear it anymore… in between gasps of discomfort, Link removed the mask, and the pain left him. At least, it left him for a few seconds before it returned, and he buried his now human hands deep into the green folds of his tunic, trying to stem the flow of urine that was quickly approaching the exit. A small spurt released, trickling down his leg into his boots, which was followed by another, and another, all adding to the growing wet spot on the front of his tunic, and, despite his best efforts to stop it, the puddle growing around him.

The triforce of courage may have helped him defeat countless enemies all by himself, but it couldn’t do anything when it came down to the limits of an 11 year-old bladder, which Link had just exceeded. The liquid kept spilling onto the cobbled rooftop, seeping into cracks where it could, but most of it remained in a pool of urine beneath him, as a monument to his shame.

When the flow finally ceased, tears began to form in Link’s eyes. How could he have done it? He had traveled through time, wielded the Master Sword against demons, and won… how could he have wet himself? His entire tunic was stained a darker shade of green than usual, and the very tip of his hat dipped into the puddle as he sat down. While it had been warm when it was still splashing through his fingertips, he now shivered when his legs met the liquid’s surface. He lifted up the skirt of his costume, to feel the shorts underneath… all soaked.

Link really hoped this wouldn’t become a common theme during his quest in Termina, and that Tatl wouldn’t notice… if she found out about this, he’d never hear the end of it...

