Midnight Troubles (RWBY fanfiction)

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2015-11-09 09:02

So, it's been at least forever and a half since I wrote an Omorashi thing, and I've been on a bit of a RWBY craze lately. Specifically I've been obsessed with The Blake and Yang pairing (RWBY fans know it as Bumblebee), especially since rewatching Burning the Candle as part of my Volume 2 binge prior to the release of Volume 3. Anyway, thought I'd write something short to get back into the swing of things, so to speak. I kind of wrote with the flow rather than planning anything out first, so things might be a little disjointed. Regardless, I hope you enjoy.

The bright yellow lights hung form the high ceiling poked around bookshelves and filled the busy library with a warm, ambient glow that calmed the nerves of readers and those trying to cram away from the sanctity of their dorms. The sound of the yellowed pages of old tomes and fresh white sheets of newer books could be heard in conjunction, filling even the most remote corners of the library with a soft, intermittent cacophony that provided some sense of kinship amongst readers otherwise distanced and isolated in their own worlds.

It was among this ambience, in a soft upholstered chair in a small enclosed space created with one wall and two bookshelves, where Blake Belladonna sat with book in her hands and feet resting on an ottoman matching her seat.

Blake had journeyed down to this comfortable corner of Beacon’s library to seek reprieve from the rest of her team. It wasn’t like they had in any way angered her or pestered her enough to make her want to leave the comfort of their shared dorm, but it was more to the effect that she wanted some time away from the rambunctious group that made reading (or, for that matter, doing anything aside from joining in on their antics) difficult.

So here Blake sat, enjoying the peace and solitude of the library and the novel she had engrossed herself in entirely. The book that sat in her hands looked to be some sort of old tome, with yellowed pages and words written in a long-dead language decorating the black leather bindings. However, this was merely a front, a discrete and subtle skin for what was in actuality a saucy romance, something of a guilty pleasure for the raven-haired girl.

Blake was grateful for the solitude this alcove provided, for otherwise reading such a thing in public might prove dangerous. It wasn’t that Blake wasn’t convinced she couldn’t keep a poker face even while reveling in the more juicy details of her novel, but the thought of being watched at all while reading such a thing made the otherwise calm and collected Faunus blush in embarrassment.

Blake was entirely aware just because she had chosen a remote nook of the library to hole herself away in, the possibility of someone else seeing her wasn’t out of the question. That was well enough, because Blake had no intentions of acting on any urges such an arousing read might bring about, and the limit of her interactions with someone poking around back here would be nothing more than a quick glance to see if the chair Blake was seated in had been taken.

No, things like this were fine, and Blake had no reason to close her novel even when she reached a scene where the characters began to elope.

Blake’s face remained stoic as her eyes danced across the page, taking in every word and registering all the details, the increased rate in her breathing as her heart raced inside her chest the only indications of arousal from the alluring scene.

Blake swallowed hard as she continued to read, reveling in the details of the scene as she sat calmly in the library. The area between her legs twitched in desire, but Blake did not come here to engage in such actions. She instead ignored it in favor of continuing the scene, eyes scanning the pages faster as the words became shorter and the sentences became choppy to emulate the approach of climax.

“Whatcha doing, Blake?”

Just as Blake reached the peak of the scene and the height of her arousal, the voice calling out to her tore her away from all her thoughts and left her staring blankly at the page as a blush rose fast on her cheeks.

It took her a few moments to register that the voice was familiar to her. Mature, yet with an energetic tone and lighthearted inflections that could only belong to her partner and team RWBY’s resident powerhouse, Yang Xiao Long.

It took her even longer to realize that her partner’s question had been entirely and completely asinine. She had been reading, that much had been obvious, and while Yang was definitely more brawn than brains, she wasn’t unintelligent by any stretch of the word.

Perhaps, at any other point, Blake would’ve pointed out how useless such a question was, but as it stood now all she could do was stare silently at the page as her heart threatened to beat out of her chest.

“Remnant to Blake!?” Yang called again, walking ever closer to her partner when all the raven-haired girl wanted from her now was to leave her alone until she could compose herself fully, “You’re squirming around like you’ve got ants in your pants, is everything alright?”

Blake’s brain instantly snapped back into action as she registered the blonde’s words. Sure enough, Blake noticed that she was wiggling her legs around shaking slightly, something she hadn’t so much as noticed earlier.

It wasn’t a result of her arousal either, at least not fully. Instead, Blake noticed a significant pressure in her abdomen indicative of a full bladder. Blake’s eyes darted to a clock on the wall nearby and her eyes widened as she realized just how late it was. She had come here almost immediately after dinner at seven, and now it was going on midnight. She has spent that whole time sitting in the library without so much as a bathroom break, having been far too engrossed in the book she was reading to so much as notice.

It was a bad habit Blake had developed, and it had gotten her in some dangerous situations in the past. Blake recalled one time back when she was with the White Fang where her decision to read immediately up until she left for a mission backfired and she was left fighting two security guards while wearing a swimsuit on a full bladder.

It was a long story, and Blake still wasn’t convinced that the swimsuit had been entirely necessary for the mission.

Still, that was then, this was now, and Blake was caught needing to pee with a raunchy novel in her hands and her blonde-haired partner pressing her hand against her forehead in concern.

Wait… Yang was…

“You’re bright red,” Yang noted, brushing Blake’s short bangs out of the way and pressing her palm to Blake’s forehead.

“Y-Yang, what are you-!?” Blake sputtered out with an uncharacteristic lack of composure. None of what was happening right now was doing anything to diminish her blush or her desperation.

“Hmm… nope!” Yang shook her head, “I’ve never been able to tell using that trick. Probably because I’m always so hot.”

Blake regained enough of her composure to groan at Yang’s double entendre, arching an eyebrow at her partner and giving her a deadpan, “Really?”

Yang grinned, “Oh of course. That gets a response. Anyway, it was getting late so I came down to check up on you.”

“Thanks,” Blake nodded, steeling her bladder and pulling herself to her feet. As she did, her bladder let out a pang of protest as the pent-up fluid sloshed around from the movement. Gasping slightly, Blake pressed her thighs together and stumbled forwards, falling into Yang as she staggered.

“Woah, easy there,” Yang replied, “You sure you’re feeling okay?”

Blake nodded, pushing herself off her partner and trying not to fidget around too much, “Yeah, just a little shaky from sitting in that position for so long.”

A half-truth. While Blake’s current predicament did in fact stem from sitting in the chair for too long, it had been her negligence to listen to her body’s needs that was the direct cause.

Still, Yang didn’t need to be privy of that information.

“Alright then, let’s go back to the dorm, shall we?”

Blake nodded silently and Yang grinned widely, turning around and heading off before Blake could say another word. Blake set off next to her, trying to match her pace to Yang’s as best as possible without overexerting herself.

Luckily, Blake knew she wouldn’t have to keep on holding herself much longer like this. There was a bathroom just outside the library, and it would only be a matter of asking Yang to hold on as she slipped into the ladies’ room.

At least, that’s what Blake had assumed. Unfortunately, upon their exiting the library, Blake was met with a disheartening sign that made her bladder cry out in protest. In front of the bathroom was a custodian’s cart, and a sign with “out of order” written on it had been hastily taped to the door.

Blake unintentionally let out a frustrated whimper at the sight, which inadvertently caught the attention of the blonde leading the way in front of her.

Yang turned around and frowned at her partner, following her line of sight to the closed bathrooms.

“Ah,” Yang noted in realization, “So that fidgeting back there was…”

Blake’s face lit up and she turned to her partner.

“Wait, no, I just… I mean…!”

Yang grinned, “Come on, don’t try to tell me I’m wrong! Besides, what’s got you so embarrassed all of a sudden? If ya gotta go, ya gotta go, ya know? Now come on, there’s another bathroom further down the hall. I kinda gotta go to, now that you mention it.”

Blake didn’t feel any less embarrassed about the situation, but nevertheless she followed Yang as the blonde set off down the hall. She was feeling a little less conscious about concealing her need now that Yang knew about it, which was just as well, because she was at the point where external pressure was a welcome addition to her holding efforts.

Subtly but swiftly, Blake’s hand snaked down to between her legs and she applied pressure to her crotch, sighing a little at the temporary comfort the gesture provided. Hoping fate would favor her and Yang wouldn’t turn around, Blake held herself as she followed the blonde down the hall to the other bathrooms.

When they got there, however, all they found was more bad news.

“Ah come on,” Yang whined, met with the sight of a small sign reading “Cleaning in Progress” taped to the door of this bathroom as well, “They can’t all be closed!”

“Well,” Blake noted, removing her hand from her crotch as Yang turned towards her, pressing her thighs together in silent lament as she did so, “It’s midnight, so most students are at the dorms by now. I guess they assume this is the best time to clean the bathrooms.”

Yang sighed, glancing over her raven-haired partner in concern.

“Think you can make it back to the dorm?”

Blake frowned. Beacon’s library was part of the main building where the lectures were held, and the dorms were a good walk away. Blake had learned all too well just how far the dorms were from the school’s main hall when they were forced to run to class on their first day. Blake didn’t want to admit outright that she wouldn’t be able to make it that far, but she had let her need get away from her and she wasn’t confident she could stay dry at this rate.

Blake blushed and looked down, knowing fully well that not giving an answer was in and of itself an answer.

“No, huh?” Yang frowned, crossing her arms, “Well, there’s the bathrooms in between all the lecture halls on the second floor, and then another all the way at the end of the hallway on the third… or maybe we can try the cafeteria? I doubt they’d be open, but it could be worth a shot?”

Blake closed her eyes and gritted her teeth as her urge for relief grew stronger.

“I don’t care,” Blake replied, losing all composure and speaking more quickly and sharply than normal, “I don’t have time to sit here and think!”

Yang nodded, “Alright, second floor it is! I’m sure they’ll be open!”

The blonde’s voice wavered at this last point, and either way Blake knew very well that there was no way she could say such a thing in confidence anyway, but nevertheless the raven-haired girl nodded and the two set off towards the stairwell.

As the two reached the two flights of stairs they’d have to climb to reach the second floor, Blake had no choice but to grab herself openly as she took each step. Spreading her legs to climb did nothing to help her already urgent need, and even though the amount of stairs they had to climb was relatively small, it was still an arduous task for the desperate Faunus.

Blake fell behind Yang once again as they made their way down the halls of the second floor, heading towards the conveniently placed bathroom situated in the middle of the floor, an equal distance away from all the nearby lecture halls.

As they rounded the corner however, Blake’s heart sank as her eyes fell upon yet another custodial cart parked outside the bathroom doors. As Yang ran ahead to check the door, her bladder twitched in desperation and she had to jam her other hand between her legs to fight back the flood.

“Dang,” the blonde before her snapped her fingers as she read the sign posted on the bathroom door, “I guess they really do clean the bathrooms at midnight. Bummer.”

It was more than a bummer. Blake could hardly hold out anymore. There was always the third floor bathroom, but Blake had no reason to believe the situation there would be any different than what they had seen so far.

“Well, guess we could still try upstairs,” Yang offered weakly, “Or maybe we could wait here for them to finish, or-“

“Yang,” Blake cut her partner off, gazing onto the blonde’s eyes desperately as she held herself openly, “I can’t…”

“Huh? No, come on, we can try-“

“I really can’t… hold it anymore,” Blake admitted, blushing despite already holding herself boldly in front of her partner. She wriggled around and clamped her hands down on her crotch, but she really had reached her limit.

“Hang on,” Yang replied, walking over to her raven-haired partner.

Blake opened her mouth again, but instead she froze when she felt herself being hoisted up by Yang. The blonde lifted her up gently and avoided any sudden movements as she positioned herself to carry the raven-haired girl bridal style.

“Y-Yang… what are you-!? I’m going to…”

“Hold it for just a bit longer, I know where we can go,” Yang replied in a gentle tone before heading down the hall in a swift, but manageable pace.

Blake blushed furiously, both at the situation she landed herself in and at the position she was in currently. She was eternally grateful that it was midnight, otherwise the fear of being spotted like this would undoubtedly force the Faunus to lose any remaining control she had over her bladder.

The raven-haired girl pressed her hands against her crotch tightly as Yang carried her, scrunching her face up in effort and inadvertently burying her head in the blonde-haired girl’s chest as she squirmed in her arms.

In spite of the situation she was in, there was something incredibly comforting about the way Yang was holding her. The blonde’s always fiery aura warmed her and the gentle and firm grasp around Blake’s bare shoulder sent strange tingles up and down the Faunus’s arm.

As Yang’s walking inadvertently jostled Blake, the desperate girl drew in a sharp breath as she clamped her thighs together and pressed her fingers harder against her crotch. As she did so, a pleasing scent of light perfume and fruit that Blake did not have the mental concentration nor desire to identify filled her nostrils and she ever-so-momentarily forgot about her current issue.

“Hold on tight, things might get bumpy,” Yang warned. Blake snapped her head up, only to find that they had reached the stairwell and Yang was preparing to descend it. Blake clenched her muscles and tightened her hold on her crotch as she readied herself for the inevitable shaking that would accompany the blonde’s descent.

The first step had been worse than Blake was expecting, and she let out a quiet gasp as a hot spurt of pent up urine escaped into her panties. The raven-haired Faunus fought desperately to prevent another leak, writhing in Yang’s arms and clamping down on her crotch so hard that her knuckles were starting to turn white.

Yang adjusted her grip on Blake before continuing, and whatever she had done seemed to have helped. While there was still quite a bit of uncomfortable jostling as the blonde carried her partner down the stairs, it wasn’t nearly as bad as the first step, and Blake had gone the rest of the trip without another incident.

As the pair exited the stairwell, Yang turned down a hallway that Blake was almost certain she had not traveled down. None of Blake’s classes were down this way, and the library and any other place Blake might be interested did not require use of this hallway to access. As such, despite her desperate situation, Blake found herself growing curious as to where Yang was taking her.

As the two reached the end of the hallway, Yang tilted Blake over and carefully placed her on the ground. The transition from being carried by the blonde to having to stand on her own again nearly made the Faunus lose it, but somehow she managed to contain herself and found herself fidgeting restlessly outside the set of double-doors as Yang smiled proudly.

“The Gym,” Yang announced, pushing the doors open and walking inside. Blake spent most of her time training outdoors and she was never really one for lifting weights or hitting punching bags, explaining how her partner knew of its location when she didn’t. “The bathroom in the back is always open. I’ve spent some nights here after midnight and I’ve never seen anyone go back there to clean. I didn’t think about it at the time, but we should’ve probably come here first, huh?”

If Blake had but a sliver of rational thought left to spare, she might have gotten mad at Yang for not mentioning these bathrooms sooner. As it was, however, Blake couldn’t hold it in anymore and she needed relief now.

The raven-haired Faunus pushed her way past Yang and darted to the back of the gym, ignoring the few leaks her sudden, swift movements had caused. As she made her way to the back where the locker room and showers were, her eyes fell upon an open stall and she rushed inside, all but slamming the cubicle door behind her.

Blake hesitated in removing her hands from her crotch, worried that such an action would cause her to let lose right there. Still, she couldn’t get anywhere grasping at herself desperately when there was a toilet right in front of her. The Faunus tore her hands away from her crotch and grabbed at the button of her white pants. She unfastened the button swiftly and moved onto the zipper, attempting to tear it down as the penultimate barrier between her and much needed relief.

As she tried to force the zipper down, it jammed, perhaps a direct result of the violent force she had applied to it, and Blake’s eyes widened. As she fought with the fastener, she felt tears lick the corners of her eyes and her bladder start to give out against her will.

“No… No no no!” She whined, attempting to tear the pants off of herself without undoing the zipper fully. Unfortunately, her outfit was form-fitting and allowed no room for her to wiggle her hips out of the impeding cloth.

Blake returned to the zipper in a last-ditch attempt to force it open, but she was met with the same stubborn resistance as before. She thought about asking Yang for help, but it was too little too late. Her bladder had been taxed to its extreme, and she couldn’t contain herself for one second longer.

Blake’s dam burst and a loud, hot gush of urine exploded into her panties, quickly soaking through them and making their way into her pants. She could feel warm cascades of the pent up liquid cascading down the insides of her legs, soaking both the front and back of her pants and further filling the black-and-purple leggings she wore over them. As she continued to lose control, the raven-haired Faunus could feel the hot urine pool in her boots and splash on the floor between her legs.

The torrent continued for at least a minute before Blake felt the flood taper off and stop completely. During that time, the Faunus hadn’t been able to process much of anything except the overwhelming relief of her release, but as her higher cognitive functions returned, the raven-haired girl froze in place.

She didn’t know entirely what to think, or how to react to the situation that had transpired. She had just wet herself. Blake Belladonna, age 17 and student of one of the most prestigious Hunstman Academy’s in all of Remnant, had just pissed herself like a little girl.

That in and of itself would be reason enough for Blake’s petrifying shame, yet what was worse was the fact that Yang was somewhere on the other side of the cubicle doors. In her eyes, Blake had made it. She hadn’t been overcome by circumstances beyond her control, she had been in the toilet and fully capable of relieving herself properly.

Furthermore, the blonde had specifically carried her here from the second floor to ensure she would make it back to the dorm dry. Yet here she was, pants soaked in her own urine in front of a toilet like a little kid who had waited just a little too long.

Despite the sizable puddle of urine pooled at her feet, Blake collapsed and resisted the urge to cry.

She was a Huntress, damnit! This wasn’t supposed to happen to huntresses! Despite her bad habit of getting caught up in her books, Blake hadn’t wet herself like this since she was eight. It was entirely and completely humiliating, and all the raven-haired girl wanted now was to curl up in a hole somewhere and cry so she wouldn’t have to face Yang.

“Hey, Blake, you alright in there?”

Blake groaned silently as the blonde knocked on the door just outside.

“Blake?” Yang asked again, knocking once more, “Hey, are you crying?”

The raven-haired Faunus hadn’t realized it, but her inaudible sniffles had turned into full-out muted sobs.

“I’m coming in,” Yang replied. A loud thud and the sound of the stall’s lock breaking as Yang busted her way into the cubicle. As the blonde’s eyes fell upon the sight of Blake before her, all she could utter in response was a weak “Oh.”

Blake froze, unable to so much as meet her partner’s gaze. Oh how childish she must have looked. Sitting on the floor of the stall sobbing in a puddle of her own urine. Her partner must’ve been disappointed in her. To make matters worse, Blake was a Faunus and Yang knew it. Rather than viewing this incident as simply childish, perhaps the blonde would simply come to see this as the sad inability of a filthy animal trying to act like a human. Maybe the blonde would start looking down on Blake, maybe…

Blake felt the warm aura of her partner wrap around her as the blonde knelt down behind her and wrapped the black-haired girl in a hug from behind.

“Hey, don’t worry about it,” Yang spoke soothingly, pressing herself deeper into the hug as she tried to calm her partner down, “Zippers suck. They get stuck at the worst times. Happens to everyone.”

Blake stopped crying, but she couldn’t yet bring herself to respond. Instead, she sat there silently for a moment, taking in the warmth Yang’s aura provided. Blake hadn’t noticed it, but the pee pooled underneath her had grown cold from contact with the air.

Suddenly, however, Blake’s eyes widened in realization and she whirled around to look at Yang.

“Wait, Yang, your sitting in my-“

Blake had glanced down at her partner’s legs to make sure her clothes weren’t getting wet, but she froze when she noticed the wet patch spreading out from Yang’s crotch.

An imperceptibly quiet hissing noise filled the otherwise silent room as Yang wet herself, her expression showing absolutely no signs of embarrassment or concern as she let loose in her shorts. As Yang’s pee soaked through her black shorts and began streaming down to the floor, it splashed into Blake’s own puddle and made the pool of urine even larger.

Yang sighed in relief as she finished and beamed at Blake, who could only stare back at her partner with wide eyes.

“Why did you…?”

“I let you go first because you were way worse off than me, but I was getting pretty full by the end of it,” Yang admitted, “Anyway, now neither of us have to worry about being embarrassed, because we both wet ourselves, right?”

In spite of all that had happened, Blake allowed herself a smile and she moved to pick herself off the bathroom floor. Yang, as well, pulled herself to her feet, and the blonde beamed widely.

“Heh… guess it’s good we’re at the gym, huh? We can shower up here and stop by the laundry room before heading back. No one has to know what happened here.”

Blake nodded, smiling gratefully at that particular stroke of luck. It was unfortunate she had wet herself, but she was glad it had been here, rather than in the hallway where she would have to walk shamefully down the halls with her accident on display.

Yang turned around and began to undress, eliciting a blush from the raven-haired girl as she turned away. Deciding to work on her own clothes, Blake removed her boots and then her stockings, revealing the extent of her wet pants, which, being white, had grown quite see-through where her pee had soaked through them.

As Blake reached the zipper to tug it down, she was quickly reminded of the cause of her accident in the first place.

The raven-haired Faunus turned back around, watching Yang as she removed her wet shorts leaving her in a pair of soaked orange panties. Blake blushed, both at her partner’s current state of undress and the question she was about to ask, and she called out to the blonde.

“Hey, Yang, uhm…” Blake averted her gaze, rubbing her arm in embarrassment as the blonde turned around, “My zipper’s still stuck…”

