Summer with Snape - Page 22

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*526*2012-09-03 00:23

I got a bit carried away with this chapter..oops :), though its pretty cool so I hope you guys like it.

Chapter 88

The next morning found Severus wondering about the two boys in his Manor. He went to bed last night aware of the dislike of the two children and yet this morning that didn’t seem to be the case. At breakfast he had noticed the giggling between the two about something and he could see Draco relax slightly at Paddy. If that wasn’t obvious enough he had walked in on Harry instructing the dog to play nice as Draco was afraid of him.

So he knew something happened, but he had no idea what. Severus was shocked to see that Paddy deemed Draco safe enough as he didn’t seem to be growling and showing his teeth to the boy anymore. Perhaps the warning had worked? Severus was floored but he wasn’t about to draw attention to this unlikely truce. He didn’t know how long it was going to last but he would take what he could get.

Currently they were standing by the door as Severus got them into their snow gear. There wasn’t a cause for the snowsuit, but he did make sure both boys had a coat, their wellies, and gloves and a hat. He was planning on taking them to an ice skating rink today and as a result packed two pairs of clothes for each of them. If he was being honest with himself, he would have packed the extra set just in case, since both boys had wet themselves once before.

“Alright, we will be heading out into the muggle world today, and I want you both on your best behavior.” Severus instructed, keeping his gaze mostly at Draco.

“Yes sir,” they both replied. They then looked at each other and started giggling causing Severus to shake his head in return.

“I want both of you to try for me,” Severus said as he shouldered the bag.

“Try what?” Draco asked in confusion.

“The toilet,” Harry said before turning to go to the downstairs one.

“But I don’t need to go,” Draco said frowning as he followed Emery; he was 13. He wasn’t some little kid like Emery, so why was Snape treating him like one?

“That’s why he said try too,” Harry pointed out; he was used to his father doing things like this. And Harry could admit that it saved him the trouble later on when he would normally have to go.

Severus watched the little exchange in amusement, before heading to the car.

Harry let Draco go first and grinned when he heard the boy going, hadn’t Draco said he didn’t need to go? As the boy came out he shook his head before hurrying in to do his own deed. Knowing his father was already outside, he led the way to the car.

“What is this?” Draco asked as he got in the back.

“A muggle form of transportation, it’s called a car,” Harry said proudly.

Draco nodded his thanks and after getting instructions on how to strap the belt, he leaned back in his seat. As his Professor started the car and drove along the road, he mused that it was an interesting sort of travel and he found himself liking it.

At least he liked it until about 15 minutes later they started hitting some un-evened pavement, and then he was bouncing around in the back. The motion was starting to wreck havoc on his stomach, and he could feel the bile making his way up his throat. He swallowed convulsively before raising his hand, as he felt his breakfast tried to reappear.

“Yes Draco?” Severus asked curiously as he saw the raised hand in the center mirror.

“I don’t feel so good,” Draco groaned out, as he stomach churned.

“What do you mean?” Harry asked turning around to look at the boy.

“I feel sick,” Draco whimpered out.

“Oh wow, I think he’s carsick dad,” Harry replied thoughtfully.

“I see,” Severus said before letting down the back window in hopes that the cold air would help him.

“I’m gonna throw up,” Draco warned right before he gagged.

“Eww don’t,” Harry said shaking his head in disgust.

“Sorry,” Draco sniffled out, as he gagged again. He couldn’t help it, his stomach was angry and there was nothing he could do about it, as he could feel it creeping up his throat.

“Emery that’s not helping at all,” Severus said reproachfully as he pulled out a vial of stomach soother.

“Here Draco, drink this it really helps,” Harry said apologetically holding out the vial to the other boy.

Draco didn’t reply as he had opened his legs and was trying to refrain from spitting on the floor, as he tried to prevent the inevitable. It didn’t seem to be helping as his mouth opened involuntarily.

“Draco? Dad he really is gonna puke,” Harry said anxiously as he saw the saliva mixed with chewed up food hit the floor.

“Get him a bag out of the glove compartment,” Severus said quickly.

“On it,” Harry replied grabbing it and swiftly opening it. “Here Draco use this.”

Harry had just handed the bag to the boy when he hurriedly shoved his face into it, not a moment too soon. He wrinkled his nose at the boy as he puked, but that really couldn’t be helped.

“When you get a breath, take the stomach soother,” Severus said gently.

“I won’t be able to swallow it,” Draco whimpered before he was throwing up some more.

“Yes you will, it taste like a peppermint, and it’s yummy.” Harry said happily.

Draco nodded, reaching his hand out for the vial with his free hand. The smell of his puke was enough to make his sick once more and he downed the potion, relaxing in his seat as he felt it take effect.

"I don’t think I like cars," he murmured out once he was sure his stomach wasn’t going to move again.

"How can you get carsick if you play Quidditch?" Harry asked before wrinkling his nose.

“I don’t know, but Quidditch is flying,” Draco murmured.

“Daddy it stinks in here,” Harry said plugging his nose with his fingers.

Severus nodded before sighing, pulling over to the side of the roadway.

"Put the bag of sick outside Draco," he said as he spelled an air freshening spell in the car.

"Yes sir," Draco replied, opening the door and doing just that.

"Why don’t you lie down and have a nap? We should be there within 2 hours or so,” Severus said gently.

“Good idea sir,” Draco muttered as he laid down on the backseat. It didn’t take long, as the stomach soother had a mild sleeping potion in it and he was soon out like a light.

Harry turned back in his seat and looked at his dad as he remembered something.

“Why do you have plastic baggies in there? And an empty water bottle?” Harry asked curiously.

“Because I have a son, and my son has friends,” Severus said as if that explained everything. It did but he wasn’t sure if Harry truly got it.

“Oh, so where are we going?” Harry asked softly.

“It’s a surprise,” Severus said and that was all he said as he drove the remainder there.

~*~*~*~*~*~*

As Snape pulled into the parking lot, he had a sense of déjà vu. He couldn’t place his finger on it, but he was sure that he had visited a place like this when he was younger. It was until his father had woken up Draco and they were walking through the entrance when he realized where they were.

“An ice skating rink,” Harry said happily as they entered inside.

“We didn’t bring skates,” Draco said with a frown.

“That’s alright we can rent some here,” Severus replied.

“You mean use something that other people have worn already?” Draco asked with a horrified expression on his face.

“Yes, they do clean the shoes Draco. If it bothers you so much, you don’t have to skate,” Severus answered simply.

“That’s a bit snobby,” Harry put in with a frown.

“What because I don’t want to wear other people’s shoes? It wouldn’t be so bad I guess but they’re muggles,” Draco said his face turning to one of disgust.

“There is nothing wrong with muggles Draco; you would do well to remember that. Once again you do not have to skate, but I will not tolerate you whining and ruining both mine and Emery’s day.” Severus said his eyes flashing in concealed anger.

“Yes sir,” Draco said with a sigh as they headed to the counter to get skates.

Harry grabbed his happily before heading towards a booth and took a seat. He took off his shoes and replaced them with the skates, making sure to tie them tight.

“Can we go dad?” He asked excitedly.

“Just let me finish tying mine Emery and we will,” Severus promised.

Draco frowned as he took a seat, Snape hadn’t got him a pair of skates and he didn’t care. He sighed as he turned towards the ice, it did look like fun but why couldn’t they buy their own?

“Alright I’m ready let’s go,” Severus said as he stood up and placed their shoes on the seats.

“Yeah,” Harry replied before he grabbed his father hand and started walking towards the rink.

“Don’t leave the building Draco, “Severus said before moving onto the ice.

He grinned as Harry wobbled and he held onto him tightly making sure he wouldn’t fall. It had been a while since he last skated, but he didn’t forget how to do it. The last time he had skated had been with Lily one winter and now it was with her son. He grinned before he started showing Harry the proper way to stop and start.

Draco watched the scene with jealous eyes, as they made their way around the rink he started to regret his decision not to skate. He had his socks so his feet would be protected, and would it really be that bad? He sighed before frowning as walked over to the rink and waited by the wall. His expression was one of want, what if Snape wouldn’t let him. He shook his head, knowing this was his fault if the man said no. He had been acting like a brat.

By the time they had skated around the rink and where he was, Draco was feeling horrible and his face showed. It was also the cause that led Snape and Emery to him as they took in his expression.

“Draco you sure you don’t wanna try it? Its wicked fun,” Harry replied happily, his face flushed in his excitement.

“Dragon are you feeling alright? Did someone say something to you?” Severus asked quietly as he looked around for the culprit.

“No sir,” he replied quietly.

“Then what’s the matter?” Harry asked.

“Could I maybe skate too?” He asked quietly, that he wasn’t even sure that his teacher heard.

Severus smirked as he looked at his Slytherin before glancing at Harry in amusement.

“Of course you can, go to the counter and ask for a pair. He remembers you,” Severus replied.

“Thank you sir,” Draco said before hurrying to do just that.

Harry looked at his father grinning widely but he didn’t comment on it. He turned around and waited as Draco got ready and made his way towards them. He looked at Draco in dismay when the blonde turned out to actually be a good skater and he frowned.

“I’ve taken lessons,” Draco murmured as he saw the expression before smiling. “If you practice you’ll get better too.”

Harry smiled brightly at that, before allowing his father to help him again. They skated around the for a few hours, but they weren’t tired of it. Somewhere along the way, Snape got off and with a quick note to stay to together they were on the ice alone. After a particular fall Harry grabbed Draco’s hand and stood up.

“Can we go get something to drink? I’m thirsty,” Harry said happily.

“Let’s go,” Draco replied agreeing easily.

They made their way off the ice and over to their booth where Snape was sitting down alone, with a book and a few other things on the table.

“I’m thirsty,” Harry told him when they neared him.

“Are you hungry as well?” Severus asked.

“I am,” Draco said quietly. The smell of the food across the rink was making his stomach grumble.

“Take off your skates, and we’ll go get some food.” Severus said.

“Alright,” Harry replied happily.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

Harry and Draco had just got back on the ice when he felt his bladder and he shivered by how full it felt and from the cold. How had it gotten this bad without him noticing? He frowned before turning to the blonde.

"Draco, I’ll be right back," Harry said biting his lips worriedly.

"Where are you going?" Draco asked curiously, they had just got back on the ice.

"I gotta go talk to my daddy," Harry said before turning and struggling to walk in his skates.

"Alright well, hurry back," Draco replied, as he took to the ice.

Harry was walking over to his father when he saw him with her. Snape was chatting with a woman and Harry's heart stirred. Something he had forgotten about since coming to live with Snape; jealously was rearing his ugly head. He didn’t like the way that woman was so close to his father. This was their day and she was ruining it.

He got a glint in his eyes before making his way towards them. He pulled on Snape's arm bouncing slightly as he got his attention. He resisted the urge to whine, knowing how much the man detested it.

"I need to have a wee," Harry whispered out, to him.

"That’s great Emery go tell Draco," Severus said as he waved him off absently having not heard a word the boy said.

Harry scowled then before huffing. He turned around angrily and headed back on the ice. He wobbled as he skated to Draco, sighing in relief as he grabbed a wall. He pushed it to the back of his mind and started skating.

It didn’t last long about 15 minutes later Harry's bladder contracted and he bent his knees awkwardly.

"Draco, can we play at the arcade?" Harry called out, needing to get off the ice before he disgraced himself.

"Sure, as long as we come back to the ice," Draco said easily. He didn’t notice Harry stance because everyone who was learning had their knees bent as well.

"We will," Harry said trying to quickly make his way back to the ice. As he neared the opening he stiffened as he felt a gush of pee spurt into his boxers. He grimaced before going back towards his father with a determined look on his face.

"Daddy, I have to go," Harry said stressing the last word as he pulled on his father again.

Severus wasn’t sure what Harry said though he turned towards him with a look. There was music playing in the rink not to mention the noises of everyone around him. If you add to the fact that he was really paying attention to Harry, it wasn’t that hard to believe that Severus didn’t understand what he said.

"Take off your skates," Severus murmured.

Harry hurriedly complied before standing up and looking at the man expectedly.

"Daddy," Harry whine.

"You know how much I detest whining Emery," he said firmly

"Sorry can we?" He pleaded.

"Awww he is absolutely adorable Severus," Kathy chirped in as she watched the exchange.

Harry blanked his face before shifting. "Can we?" He asked, ignoring her.

"Yes Emery here you go, share half of that with Draco," Severus said holding out a 20 pound note.

"But that’s not what I..." Harry trailed off as he realized he was being ignored again. Sniffling softly he turned around and nearly bumped into Draco who had taken off his own shoes.

"Nice, let’s go Emery," Draco said excitedly pulling the younger towards the arcade section of the rink.

Harry tried to stay in control of his bladder but he was leaking profusely as he played. He could literally feel the pee dripping down his leg. He was panicking inwardly but didn’t know what to do. They quickly got change and split it down the middle before heading towards some games.

He put another coin into an arcade game and started playing. He glanced back at Snape to see him still talking to that witch. He sighed hoping he would be done soon. He really had to use the loo and standing there wasn’t helping him at all. He jumped up and down as he played it, until he finally couldn’t concentrate. He was forced to hold himself with one hand, forgetting that Draco was keeping an eye on him.

Draco for his part was staring at Harry in confusion. The smaller boy could no longer keep still and was now holding the front of his pants.

"Emery, do you have to go to the bathroom?" Draco asked quietly.

"No," Harry lied quickly.

"Then why are you holding yourself like that?" Draco pointed out.

"I don’t know," Harry answered miserably, turning around to play another game. He bounced around some more whimpering a bit. He had to go! Why was Snape ignoring him? Who cared if the witch was a potion's mistress?

"I think you do have to wee," Draco said quietly.

"I don’t," Harry said denying vehemently.

"Yeah right and I'm the son of a mudblood," Draco said with narrowed eyes.

Harry's eyes widened at the word before frowning. "Ok I kinda gotta go," he admitted when Draco kept staring at him.

"I can tell, go pee then," he said pointing out the toilets.

"I can’t," Harry moaned out as he shifted around desperately.

"Why not?" Draco asked in confusion.

"Because I’m not allowed to go by myself," Harry replied.

"What? But your 10," Draco said with a frown. Was Snape that overprotective?

"You don’t understand, some guy attacked me last time I went alone. I’m scared to go by myself and dad doesn’t like it either," Harry sniffled as he held himself.

Draco nodded understanding that before sighing as he grabbed the younger boy’s hand.

"What are you doing Draco? Dad’s busy," Harry said lip trembling.

"Maybe, but he won’t be when you’ve told him how bad you’ve gotta go," Draco said leading him back towards Snape.

Severus was enjoying himself. This witch he was talking to was brilliant. Though he wasn’t looking for a relationship due to his profession she was easy on the eyes. Katherine was a potions mistress, and at the moment they were deep in conversation about tweaking the wolfsbane potion.

She had been very excited when she realized exactly who he was. He figured Draco and Harry would be entertained and he hadn’t realized how starved he had been for adult conversation. He turned to check on them as she took a sip of her water. Deeming them fine he turned his full attention back to her.

"He won’t listen," Harry said pitifully as they hurried towards Snape.

"We'll make him listen," Draco said quietly.

Harry let himself be led by Draco towards his father. He stood stiffly next to Draco while the Slytherin tried to politely interrupt the conversation.

“Professor, Emery needs to talk to you,” Draco blurted out when there was a pause in the conversation.

“What is it child?” Severus murmured his gaze still on Katherine.

“I need to use the toilet,” Harry admitted. He was embarrassed to let the woman know of his predicament but he wasn’t going to make it if he didn’t speak up.

“Draco can take you,” Severus replied easily, though his eyes did flicker towards him to see how bad off Harry was.

“But I want you to take me,” Emery said with a frown.

“Aren’t you a little big to have your father take you to the toilet?” Katherine gently chided.

Harry’s lower lip trembled before nodding once to her question. He turned his gaze to the ground.

“He’s only 10 so no, he’s not that old,” Draco said in annoyance as he looked to Snape.

“Emery had a scare with a man in a public toilet this past summer,” Severus said starting to explain what happened. He was a bit irritated with her at the moment, because of what she said.

“Oh Merlin,” she breathed in shock, feeling awful for the boy. She regretted her words immediately, especially since she could hear Snape’s underline tone; he was also unhappy with her at the moment.

“Come on Emery,” Draco said with it seemed Snape was deep into the story. He grabbed the smaller boy’s hand and hurried over in the direction of the toilets.

Harry rushed into the bathroom, and raced into a stall. The whole time he was spurting nonstop. It was almost his undoing as he stood whimpering and bouncing in front of the toilet. He needed help! He knew Draco was holding the door close but he couldn’t ask the boy. The Slytherin was so modest about these things.

"Emery, what’s going on?" Draco asked not hearing the tell tale sound of him going.

"I need my dad!" Harry said anxiously.

"Why what’s the matter?" Draco asked worriedly.

"I can’t undo my trousers, I gotta go pee too bad," he sniffled.

Draco frowned; thinking how long it would take to get Snape. Considering the man had ignored them he knew it would take a while and he didn’t want Emery to have an accident.

"Is it ok if I do it?" Draco asked quietly.

"No that’s ok I…oh...I gotta wee," Harry all but screamed his tears finally breaking through.

"That’s a definite yes," Draco said before opening the stall and hurrying in.

Draco kept his face blank as he reached down to undo the boy’s trousers but he could see a wet patch down one leg and if that wasn’t enough he could feel the wetness on his hand. He hurriedly tugged the pants down and turned the crying boy towards the toilet.

"You can go now," he said gently, feeling angry on Emery's behalf. Snape was usually observant what the hell? Draco shook his head before walking out the stall and holding the door like he did before.

Harry nodded before he forcefully started peeing with a sigh of relief. Though he was relieved to finally be going he wasn’t oblivious to his state. He didn’t make it all the way and Draco knew it too.

"Draco are you out there?" Harry whispered out, as he finished quickly. Given the fact that he had mostly peed himself he wasn’t at all surprised.

"Yeah I’m here, you done?" Draco drawled.

"No, can you...can you go get the pack that Snape had?" He asked softly.

"Why?" Draco asked raising his eyebrow.

"I didn’t make it all the way," Harry whispered shamefully as the tears pooled in his eyes.

Draco swore but he had known that already. The thought of damn Snape was forefront in his mind before nodding.

"Alright, I’ll be right back, don’t you dare open that door for anybody but me," Draco warned.

"I won’t," Harry promised as he locked it before taking a seat on the toilet in his wet clothes.

Draco blanked his face as he walked out of the bathroom and towards Snape. He shook his head in disgust at closeness of their faces, but that wasn’t what he was here for. He took a breath before reaching a hand out to his teacher. The bag was on the other side of him in a booth and Draco couldn’t get it without being extremely rude.

"Yes Dragon; what do you need?" Severus asked quietly. He was annoyed still, but it wasn’t directed at either of the boys.

"The pack," he murmured pointing behind him.

"Why do you need it? Where’s Emery?" Severus asked in suspicion as he narrowed his eyes.

"In the loo, can I have the bag?" Draco repeated impatiently.

"What happened?" Severus asked piercing the Slytherin with his dark gaze.

"You were ignoring us, and Emery still had to go really bad," Draco said with a frown.

"When did I ignore you?" Severus asked in confusion.

"You and her were giving each other these…looks," Draco said. When he pointed out her his tone was full of disgust, which was understandable as he still didn’t like girls at this point.

“Why didn’t he come sooner then?” Severus asked, a bit peeved that Harry would wait until the last minute again.

“He did, right before we got back on the ice after we got done eating. He came back and asked you but you brushed him off. And then when you gave us money for the arcade, he really had to go but you were still ignoring him.” Draco replied with a frown.

"I see," Severus said feeling guilty as he reached for the bag. He was the cause of Harry having an accident.

"Is there a problem Severus?" She asked gently.

"Nothing to concern yourself with Katherine, if you'll excuse us," Severus said politely as he followed Draco to the bathroom.

Harry was sitting on the toilet in his wet pants, softly crying into his hands. He didn’t open the door not wanting to meet another pervert. He couldn’t believe Snape. He was so hurt, and angry with the man. He couldn’t control his tears as they continued to fall.

"Emery I’m back," Draco said heading towards the stall before knocking on it.

"Did you get the bag?" Harry asked with a sniffle that let his father know he was indeed crying, as Draco already knew.

"Yes, and your dad too," Draco mumbled out.

"I doubt that," Harry said sadly. "Didn’t you know Draco? I’m being ignored today.”

Severus’s heart thudded painfully in his chest as he was suddenly assaulted by the guilt once more. How could he be so selfish?

"I’m here Emery," he said quietly.

Harry squeaked before standing up, rubbing at his eyes furiously. He took a breath before moving to unlock the door. He kept his gaze towards the floor, knowing his wet pants were on display.

Severus frowned as he ushered Draco and himself in

"What are you doing?" Draco asked in shock.

"Stand quietly over there," Severus murmured before turning to Harry.

Harry was blushing brightly, though he didn’t look up at his father or Draco for that matter.

“Why do I have to be in here?” Draco asked once more.

“Because I don’t want you out there alone,” Severus said firmly. “Do you have a problem with that Dragon?”

“No sir,” Draco answered, noting that the man really was over protective at times.

“Come here Emery, I am so sorry child,” Severus said sad sigh.

Harry didn’t say anything else as he allowed himself to be cleaned and changed. Once he was finished he headed to the sink to wash his hands. He was feeling a bit out of sorts like he usually did after an accident and as a result followed Snape back to the table and curled into his side.

*533*2012-09-04 06:59

{{:

This chapter just made me want to slap Snape. It was good, as usual, but rage-inducing. Still can't wait for the next one, though!

}}

I wanted to show Draco in a better light, and have Sev for once thinking about what he liked to do. He's a deatheater spy, doesnt he deserve to have fun? :p Either way he pissed me off too, but I'm glad you liked it.

{{:

Another excellent chapter. I was sad for Harry, though. : Dammit, Snape.

}}

Parents makes mstakes too >.<, but yea poor Harry. Glad you enjoyed it though

{{:

I finally had time to catch up with the last 12 chapters or so...everything is so good. Love the story!!! I am amazed at how long you have managed to keep it going. :)

}}

You're amazed? I'm amaszed lol, I'm glad your still reading I was wondering what happen to you :p I'm glad you still like it of course.

{{:

Awwwwwww!! I love Draco though!

}}

So do I, which is why I wanted him to 'redeem' himself so to speak. He's always a prat..who annoyed people, but i actually like him :p

{{:

Loved it Sev, I was super sad for Harry...Damn it Snape why??? Though thats a valid point, sometimes adults do get caught up and arent paying attention to the children in their time of need lol...Still brilliant though :)

}}

Lol, he just wanted adult conversation, but you're right I have seen a bunch of adults do the same thing. I love that you still love it :p

*537*2012-09-13 10:05

{{:

Ohhhhhhhhhh i loved! Your story is so sweet! I love how you put Harry a childish personality and for the history that is growing much love, now besides what you did with Draco is wonderful especially Snape treats Harry almost as to avoid an accident, I fell in love, I read your whole story in a weekend and did not want to stop is never amazing! continues as you and last a long vacation! I hope you upload the next chapter right now I can not wait (sorry my english is bad) xoxo

}}

Awesome I've got a new fan :) I'm so glad you liked it, and dont worry about your english I can understand it fine. I'll try to update as soon as I can thanks so much and welcome to the sight

{{:

This is great! I've got to tell you Sev this may be by far your greatest chapter yet! Keep up the good work!

}}

Thanks so much...glad you liked it, I didnt it :p

{{:

Amazing once again. Please continue, your writing is amazing and I want to see if there's going to be more of this Kathy lady. Continue!

}}

I dont know...putting her in would create drama, and I dont feel ike Harry would benefit from that. Anyways I'm glad you liked it once agian.

*539*2012-09-13 10:13

{{:

Oh my God. First off, you LITERALLY managed to out-brilliant yourself as a writer. This really hit me on a personal level and I'll go into that in a minute. I really loved this chapter, I'm gonna go out there and say it was my favorite so far. This dynamic between Severus, Harry, and Draco is adorable. Seeing Draco in a big brother role with Harry was quite possibly the cutest thing I've ever read in my life, like for serious. I've never seen that before, especially when Harry is the younger sibling, and you pulled that off brilliantly. I also loved seeing Severus get a little selfish with his personal adult life.

I think you did that wonderfully, seeing as Severus doesn't have many opportunities to talk to women, and even less so finding women who he'd like to chat up, considering his past. You portray these characters so well it blows my mind! Now, on a more personal level, I was floored with Katherine. See, I role play. I role play a lot. And the character I role play the most is either Severus's girlfriend or wife, and I kid you not, her name is Katherine. She goes by Kate and not Kathy, but I was reading this the whole time going "oh my god!!!!" I had to read it TWICE! xD Anyway, I loved this so, so much, and I had to share how much so please please please keep writing! I love this story more than published books that I've read!

}}

Alright I wanted to reply to this review properly which is why it took a few days. I'm very glad you liked it, I just wanted Draco to care for someone other then himself. Like he had been punished already so now he could have some fun and in turn start being a little less selfish. I'm glad it came across so well. I know Severus was always along especially in Canon and I know he cant really have a relationship but I wanted him to experience that. Like some parents get caught in the moment and since he had been takling care of Harry he hadnt had that many chances to be selfish you know? I'm so glad you liked it as I've said. I chose Katherine because I was trying to think of a grown up female name and all my other ones werent fitting. This just fit, that is so wierd though. When I nicknamed her, I figured she'd be called Kathy though so a bit different. I will dont worry, I have alot more ideas for thsi story. :)

*540*2012-09-17 05:25

Hi there, I'm not abandoning my story, last week was so fricken hectic, I was too tired to post another chapter. Anyways, this has a bit more of Sirius thoughts on the situation, I have to get back used to writing with school, and work in my schedule as well. Anyways sorry for the wait.

Chapter 89

The rest of the day didn’t pass as smoothly as it started. Severus couldn’t find it in him to even talk to Katherine when Harry was crying softly in his side. Apologizing and dismissing her he turned to focus fully on his child. He didn’t bother trying to talk to him as Harry wasn’t even looking at him. He wasn’t blind that he didn’t see how protective Draco had become, it was food for thought. He sighed before taking a look at his watch.

“Emery, do you just want to do home?” Severus asked quietly.

“Yeah, I wanna lay with Paddy,” Harry whimpered tiredly.

Severus pretended that his words had no affect on him, but that small jab that Harry was seeking comfort from the dog rather than him; hurt. He shook his head before picking Harry up and after making sure Draco didn’t need the toilet they returned their skates and headed to the car. The boy didn’t say anything until Severus was opening the passenger side and Harry protested.

“I wanna sit in the back with Draco,” he said quietly.

“Why not up front with me?” Severus asked softly with a frown.

“Because he didn’t ignore me all day, he didn’t make me feel like I didn’t exist. Draco didn’t treat me like the Durselys used to,” Harry mumbled out before working his way down and opening the back door.

Severus blanked his face over, his emotions teetering between pain and anger. Oh he wasn’t angry at Harry but at himself, how could he do something like that? And to Harry of all people; what was he thinking? He didn’t say anything as he got into the driver’s seat. After making sure they were both buckled in he started the drive.

“Draco did you want to take a stomach soother before it gets too bad again?” Severus asked.

“Yes sir,” Draco replied reaching his hand out for it. He didn’t comment on the fact that Emery was curled into his side. He felt horrible for the kid, even more so knowing that he had made the boy have an accident once upon a time as well.

Severus nodded handing him the potion before turning back to the road. He turned the radio on low and didn’t talk much doing the drive home. Not that it would have made a difference as Harry was asleep, lulled to sleep by Draco who had been running his hand through his hair. He shook his head forgetting about Harry’s sleeping issues as he tuned into the music.

Draco had dozed off as well for the majority of the trip, he was only awaken however when he felt something wet seeping into his jeans. Looking down he was shocked to see that his pants were wet, but he knew already it wasn’t him. He frowned as he turned his gaze to the sleeping boy next to him, already connecting the dots.

“Professor Snape?” Draco said, disrupting the silence in the car.

“What is it Draco?” Severus asked quietly.

“Um Emery wet the seat,” Draco replied softly.

Severus swore before nodding, but they were only a few minutes from home so he wasn’t worried that much.

“Thank you for telling me,” Severus murmured.

“Is he going to be in trouble?” Draco asked worriedly.

“No, he can’t help it when he’s sleeping,” Severus replied as he pulled into the driveway of the Manor.

Draco nodded before unbuckling his safety belt, but was unsure of what else he was supposed to do.

Severus didn’t say anything as he opened the back door. Pulling out his wand he spelled both the car seats and the boys cleaned before gently picking Harry up in his arms. He made his way into the manor and closed the door behind them. Severus sighed as he heard the dog look up from where he was laying in the middle of the floor. He didn’t say anything to Draco as he headed up the stairs to get Harry ready for bed.

Dressing him in his sleep attire he shook his head in remorse. “I’m really am sorry child.” He murmured as Paddy took his customary spot on the bed. Severus turned and walked out the door and back downstairs where Draco was standing by the closed door.

“What are you waiting for Draco?” Severus asked tiredly.

“I don’t know what I’m supposed to do now,” Draco replied quietly. Inwardly he was wondering if he was still under punishment.

“Go play quietly in your room, or go into Emery’s playroom,” Severus said wearily.

“He has a playroom?” Draco asked eagerly.

“That he does its a few doors from your own room. You’ll know which one it is as all the other doors are locked,” Severus answered as he turned to head towards his lab.

Draco nodded before running upstairs and into Emery’s playroom.

Harry awoke to a sniffing noise and turned his gaze towards Paddy who was looking back at him quietly. He sighed unsure of how long he slept or what time it was as he didn’t particularly care at the moment.

“Hi Paddy, guess what Daddy made me have an accident today,” Harry confided in tearfully.

Paddy growled once before settling down, since he knew how timid Harry could be. He couldn’t understand how Snape could do that as the man was very observant. He mused this was probably a misunderstanding before shaking his head in wonder at his train of thought. Since when was he sympathizing with Snape?

“I don’t think it was on purpose though, he was talking to a lady.” Harry murmured continuing his story.

Sirius sighed softly as he listened to his godson’s story, wanting to be out of his animagus form and giving him a hug. He knew it wasn’t possible so he forced himself to stop the thoughts. He nuzzled his godson with his nose as he felt a few tears on his fur. He huffed but provided the comfort as best he could.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

The day after Draco had left; Harry was getting back to his routines. Currently their tree was still sitting bare in the corner of the sitting room and Harry was anxious to start decorating it. After promises from Snape that tomorrow due to the snowstorm that was coming in they would start on the tree then.

Harry was stoked and when it got time for bed that night he did it without complaint.

Sirius prodded Harry with his nose again; he needed to go out now! But Harry wasn’t waking up. He whined softly, not wanting to wet on Harry's floor, he didn’t particularly care about it being in Snape’s house. He just didn’t want to get his godson in trouble; then he might have to leave. Sirius walked around in circles for a moment, contemplating transforming and running to the toilet.

Not wanting to get caught by Snape before he even had a chance to get Pettigrew had him stopping that idea from going anywhere. Sirius whined desperately as he looked at the clock. It was just hitting 5am but Harry had neglected to take him out last night. He barked once and whined, bouncing around in his desperate state before tugging on the blanket.

"Wha? Paddy go back to sleep," Harry mumbled sleepily as his covers were tugged off.

Sirius barked louder, before running and scratching at the door frantically so Harry could understand what he meant.

Harry stared blankly for a moment, sleep clouding his thought process.

"Paddy what’s the matter?" He mumbled, as if the dog could answer him in return.

Sirius whined as he bounced.

"Do you need to go out?" Harry asked before getting off the bed and walking to his bedroom door.

As soon as he opened it Paddy took off and Harry sighed before tiredly making his way after the dog. Paddy by then was waiting for him impatiently at the bottom of the stairs. Harry slowly made his way downstairs; nearly tumbling as he missed a step in his sleepy state before grabbing hold of the banister in fear. He swallowed as he slowly made his way downstairs.

"Calm down Paddy, we're going," Harry groaned tiredly as the dog pulled on his pajama shirt with his teeth.

Harry hurried to the backdoor only to stop in confusion as he couldn’t open it. He frowned, unlocking it but there was chain on it at the top that he couldn’t reach. Since when had that been there? He was awaken even more so when Paddy barked and whined. He could even hear the desperation in the dog's tone that he sighed loudly.

"Wait here; please don’t pee on the floor. I’m gonna go get my dad," Harry promised, but was promptly blocked as Paddy pushed a chair in his direction.

Harry understood immediately moving the chair towards the door. He idly mused that the dog must have had to go really bad. Stepping on it, he easily unhooked the chain, and quickly stepped down. As he opened the door, he felt rather then heard an alarm go off. He shivered before shooing Paddy out who was looking just as uneasily as Harry was. However the dog did run out and soon disappeared behind a tree.

Harry was just closing the door when he felt a hand on his shoulder. He screamed loudly and jerked away on instinct. He ended up rolling away coming to stand behind the table. As he came back to himself he was aware of two things, his father was looking at him in horror and that he was holding himself tightly. When had he had to pee? How did it get so bad without him knowing?

"I’m sorry," Harry said automatically.

"What are you apologizing for child?" Severus asked in confusion.

"For whatever I did, flinching away," Harry mumbled shamefully.

"Nonsense, I frightened you. It was a natural reaction," Severus said quietly.

"I woke u up," Harry pointed out, when he realized Snape wasn’t accepting the apology.

"Never mind that, what were you doing outside this early?" Severus asked in concern.

He had been jolted awake by the magical alarm that let him know that the back door had been opened. He knew no one was breaking in because of which alarm went off. He was however a bit frightened when he realized Harry was the only other person who could open it from the inside. He thought the worse, but he was grateful that nothing had happened.

"Paddy really had to go pee, and he woke me up. He was whining a lot, and was dancing around too," Harry said frowning in remembrance.

"Like you’re doing right now?" Severus asked with a slight smile, as he took in Harry’s current stance.

"No he had to go worse," Harry explained grinning before shifting. "I’m gonna go pee," he said turning to walk out the kitchen.

"Good idea child," Severus said before turning towards the backdoor, locking it magically as well as the muggle way. He then spelled a doggy door he had seen on a few muggle houses. He shook his head, trying to figure out why he didn’t do that before.

*544*2012-09-20 07:11

{{:

Another epic chapter :p One thing I did notice:

[/background]

I think you've been using too much text speak :p

}}

Yeah...I suppose so lol

{{:

Yay, new chapter! It was awesome, as per usual. I love Sirius and hope to see more of him in the future!

}}

I'm glad you liked it :)

{{:

Yess! I just barely got on and theres and update. I know I should totally be sleeping. I loves it Sev, update soon.

}}

Sweet, I'm glad you're stll with me, and that your'e still loving it :p

