Samus's bladder desperation 2

Author: happyjoe

*000*2014-04-21 16:18

Part 1

Samus sat in her ship as it flew to Earth on auto pilot. In the pilots chair she sat wearing a tight white shirt and pink panties that were a little too small for her. In the back of her ship ran a clothes washer with her zero suit in it. Samus was thinking about what just happend on Elysia. She looked at the Pawa gem sitting on the ships dash by a couple empty bottles of water, sighing, she stood up when she felt the need to urinate. She started to walk to her restroom when suddenly, her ship shook and there was a loud crash. She turned around and ran up to her ships computer. It read “Another ship detected in the area.“ A area map showed ship docking onto Samus ships. She grabbed her gun and hid behind a wall.

In walked a two human space pirates and a couple seconds later a hooded female figure walked in. Muttering something in another language, the hooded figure told the other pirates something and then they started to look around. Samus quietly moved into the cleaning supply closet of her ship and shut the door.She tried to figure out a way to get to the washing room, but interrupting her train of thought was her bladder. Her bladder started to have a slight burning feeling as it wanted to release its captive liquids. She squirmed a bit in the tight space and tried to ignore her bladder and think.

Outside the hood woman looked around the ship and saw the Pawa gem sitting on the dash. She picked up the gem and put in her coat, and then turned to the empty water bottles. she picked one up and smelled the top of it She followed the smell and came to a door labeled “Cleaning Supplies.” She signaled for the pirates to come over. Inside the closet Samus heard all the footsteps outside the door and held her breath.

“Knock, Knock, Samus, you in there?” said the hooded woman in a sleek but warm voice.

“Come out of the closest Sammy...or I’ll have to come in there, and bring you out.”

Samus, sat there, breathing rapidly, but before she could do anything the door flung open and Samus was grabbed by her shirt and slammed her against a wall. Taken by surprise, Samus peed a bit into her underwear, dampening them, but quickly regained control over her bladder, and slammed her thighs together. The woman took off her hood, and relieved her face. Her skin was dark brown, her hair short and crystal white, and her eyes colored scarlet red. as the cloak fell to her feet, it revealed tight, white, armored body suit, constricting the women's large breasts and digging into all of her creavases. Samus had see this woman before. On her last visit to Earth, she saw hundreds of wanted signs hanging on walls for this woman, Cazador Mujer. She is a bounty hunter who is a expert at hunting people down and kidnaping them. The reward for catching her alive was more money then Samus has ever had.

“Jeez, judging by your attire, it feels like I caught you with your pants down.” she laughed a little bit and then spoke to the other pirates. “ Get some rope from the ship, now” When they came back, Cazador put Samus on a chair, tied her legs apart to each stool leg and tied her arms to the arm rest. Finally, she tied a very tight rope around her stomach around the back of the chair, which squeezed Samus’s bladder, causing her to squirt some urine out. Cazador signaled for the other two pirates to leave and then look right in to Samus’s eyes.

“You know, Sammy, you’re famous across the galaxy, and the person who wants you is pay outrageously. Do you know who would want you this bad?”

Right now Samus’s mind was in two places. The first place is trying to keep her burning bladder under control and the second trying to think of a way out of this.

“I...I...I don’t know.” Samus stuttered, not fully listening.

Cazador looked Samus up and down before she spoke again. “ You seem very nervous for being the big fearless bounty hunter everyone says your are. With that face, I would say you’re about to wet yourself. Tell me what is this?” She pulled out the Pawa Gem.

“It’s a Pawa Gem, I was delivering it to a company, called…”

“Thats all I need. There is something you should know. I’m a expert kidnapper, and my clients want the packages unharmed, but I tend to….mess with the packages from time to time. I’ve waited for a very long time to do this to you, Sammy. You’ve even made it easier for me...” She picked up one of the empty bottles of water Samus drank and threw it up and down in her hand. Out of nowhere she lunged at Samus and punched her right on the bladder. The gates broke and the water flooded out. Samsu gasped as her vagina shot out powerful streams of warm urine, which splattered on to the ground and on Samus legs. Minutes later, Samus final drained her bladder. Cazador bent down near Samus’s crotch and sniffed the air. Then she looked at Samus with a very pleased face.

“Oh, don’t worry, I’m not done yet.” she said before she pricked Samus with a needle. Samus soon blacked out, unaware of what would happen next.

______

OK, this is the first part of a three part fic I'm writing using the top scores from the poll I did to make it. This one is trying to build up for the rest of the story, but please tell me what you think of it. Anything sort of feedback, suggestions, or complaints is welcome! If you have any ideas of where this could go, please tell me.

