Riding the Winter Storm

Author: lilly286

*000*2015-10-05 02:11

Part 1

Mason knew that it was probably too late in the semester to begin posting flyers on the campus billboard for cheap rides to places in order to earn cash before winter break. It was already a few days before school would let out for vacation.

The requirements of senior classes and university term papers are so rigorous that one barely has time to do invest in themselves or anything else as soon as the semester is about to roll over. Nevertheless, he had to find some way of income by Christmas time to get away from his parents for the holidays.

Offering cheap rides to other students for winter break seemed a bit sketchy to him but the holiday demand was sure to elevate his financial plan to success. Mason was eager to get away from his parents to leave and visit his grandfather for the season.

He promised Mason a generous inheritance soon before he graduated college next year to help him get on his feet and a place to stay. Mason was in his 4th year of studying to become an electronics engineer and preparing to work for his father's pharmaceutical industry. He was 22 and didn't want to work with his dad whom he felt to be unnecessarily hard on him academically.

Anything to get away from home after graduating college, get an apartment and maybe even find a girlfriend would be his ambition. If only it were more of a reality.

Mason walked up with the plain black and white tear-off flyer to the bulletin board in the main college lounge where other student advertisements were sloppily posted and displayed and posted it toward the center next to another student's advertisement about essay correcting. He didn't have time to make his flyer attractive, reading "$45.00 RIDES AVAILABLE TO LOCATIONS 150 MILES WITHIN PORTLAND CITY" with his contact information displayed on the tear-off strips below.

He walked away from the board, stuffing his books in his laptop bag while glancing outside the large windows at several feet of snow that rested on the campus and surrounding pine trees as if it were a white blanket that covered earth.

"We're expecting 3 more feet by Sunday!" A man said in a chipper tone as he stood next to Mason sipping his coffee and staring outside the window.

"Yeah, if only we didn't have to drive in it, it'd be quite a beautiful sight to behold."

"Oh boy, You're telling me! Let's hope the flights aren't cancelled by next week! My wife and I have a lot of traveling to do this season!

It was already Thursday evening. Mason looked up at the falling snow through the glass and released an inaudible sigh. He adjusted his glasses and glared at the ground in seemingly deep thought for a moment. He then looked up and said, "Well, take care Mr. Simon," waved and walked outside to his car with his bag. Mason stretched on his gloves and hat which were stuffed in his brown coat jacket and began to brush the snow from the side view mirrors of the car. The snow had gathered 2 inches on top of his car since he was in class that morning. He drove a silver 1999 Chrysler 300M that he'd gotten for fairly cheap on his 16th birthday. He kept it in very good shape and it had decent mileage. He drove home on the main road that night and thought to himself as he reached home and prepared for his last heavy night of term paper writing for his biology class that was due tomorrow afternoon.

###

The next morning, Mason woke up to a new text message on his phone as he got ready to head out. He opened it: "Hi, I saw your ad on the board at campus. My name is Alyssa and I need a ride to Shelton, Washington by 5am Saturday morning. I'm willing to pay $50.00 in cash. Can you do this?"

He replied to her message, "Yes, I'm able to give you a ride to Shelton by tomorrow. Can you meet at the Founder's Lounge at 5pm today?"

He quickly combed down his brown hair as he stood in the mirror of his bedroom and threw on a baggy green sweater and white t-shirt that was visible under his sweater along with a pair of blue jeans and brown Dr. Marten boots. He doubled his socks, wool ones, due to the below freezing temperatures outdoors. He grabbed his brown jacket and headed out the door as he acknowledged his mother a farewell who was still asleep on the couch. His father was at work that morning. He didn't care to talk to his father that often.

As he got inside of his car after cleaning the snow off the vehicle, his cell phone buzzed with another message: "Ok." It said.

He put on a CD with the orchestral version of J.S. Bach's Little Fugue in G Minor as he drove to his college campus and envisioned what this girl could possibly look like or what her circumstances were.

After his final class for the day, Mason walked over to the Founder's Lounge and flopped down into one of the chairs near the warm fireplace, exhausted from test taking and walking in the snow from the lecture hall. His nose, ears and cheeks were red and a small amount of snow rested on the top of his hat and shoulders which fell unto his lap as he pulled the cotton hat from his head. A rest of the snow flew unto the ground.

He looked at his wrist watch and saw that it was 5:03pm. He took his laptop bag full of books from his lap and dropped it onto the floor. He looked around, not sure what she looks like or where she would be.

'Maybe I could've been more specific?' Thinking to himself.

Ten minutes had passed and he'd began to grow concerned and annoyed at the absence. Opening his bag and taking out his notebook and a black permanent marker, he wrote Alyssa's name on it and and ripped it out of his notebook. He gathered his belongings and stood near the fireplace holding up the paper sign as if he were standing in an airport.

After a minute and a half, he eyed a slender blond girl with a red pea coat with dark brown eyes with heavy mascara who stood in the back talking to 2 other girls. He'd seen her in his psychology class but didn't know her name at the time. She immediately stopped talking to the other girls and made her way over to him.

"Are you the driver?" She asked.

"Yes I am. Are you Alyssa?"

She glared at him quickly from top to bottom with a hint of disgust and raised one eyebrow slightly.

"Yeah... You can put that sign down now."

Mason quickly crumbled up the sign with his gloves on and stuffed it in his coat pocket. "So, to Shelton are we?" He said.

Alyssa looked around.

"Are we the only ones going?"

"Yes." He replied.

She snickered.

"I thought there were going to be other people. This is a taxi, isn't it?"

Mason was confused by her question. "Well no..."

"You're a senior, right?" She said.

"Yeah... Engineering major..."

Alyssa took out her phone and looked at it and continued. "Look, I don't know what you're trying to pull here, but I have to get to Shelton tomorrow morning. How the hell do I even know you're going to get me there?"

"I have a car with good mileage and it's never failed me once." Mason explained, "I'm prepared for any impending storms, flats and I already have the quickest route mapped out from PSU to Shelton." He pulled out a map. "It's about 2 hours and I'll be sure to get you there by no later than 10:00pm tonight so you'll be early."

"Who uses maps anymore?" She said rudely.

"It's not smart to always rely on technology."

Alyssa thought and looked at his map and scrolled through her phone again.

He could not take his eyes off of her long gold earrings.

"Garnets."

"What?" Alyssa replied.

"Your earrings, they're garnets. The gemstone at the end. That's my mom's birthstone."

"Aha... right." She replied in an uncomfortably sarcastic tone.

He looked down at her long black leatherette boots in silence. She clearly didn't like him. He was not glad she did not seem to trust him or judge him so quickly. 'This is going to be a long and rough ride,' he speculated. She looked up at him. "Ok, you get me there by 10:00pm tonight and I'll pay you. I am not paying full in advance."

"That's fine..." Mason said, "Don't worry about it."

Alyssa's phone began to ring. She looked at it and signaled "1 minute" at Mason and took the phone call.

Mason picked up his laptop bag and slung it over his shoulder and looked outside. It was starting to get dark. He waited a moment for Alyssa to get off the phone but she continued to talk and walked over to the coffee stand and ordered a vanilla cinnamon cappuccino while speaking. He overheard her say, "Yeah... It's just one of those geeky tech club guys." To the person on the phone. Mason tapped her on the shoulder as she waited on her coffee and whispered, "I'll be outside."

She looked at him and mouthed "Ok" with an annoyed and dazed look.

Mason cleaned off his car and waited for Alyssa outside, studying his map again and set his thermos in the cup holder. The back seat of his car was a bit messy with extra clothes, books, soda bottles, fast food bags and electronic equipment. He discovered a blanket in the back seat and spread it over the mess to make it less conspicuous.

After 20 minutes, Alyssa found her way outside and discovered Mason next to the car with the lights on waiting.

"We're going in that?" She said surprisingly.

Mason stood silent for a moment. "Is there a problem?"

"Are you sure that's going to get us to Shelton?"

"Positive." He replied. It has under 12,000 miles.

"Ooh goodie." She replied sarcastically as she flipped her hair out of her face, holding her coffee in one hand and phone in the other.

Mason rushed over to the passenger's seat to open the door for her.

"You don't have to do that." She said.

"I didn't have to, but I wanted to." Mason replied.

"Dream on." She mumbled to herself.

Mason irritatingly made his way over to the driver's seat, closed the door and adjusted his mirrors.

"Do you want me to take your coffee? There's a cup holder on this side."

"No, I got it." She replied as she held it in her purple mittens.

"Wake me up when we get there." Alyssa said as she adjusted her seat back, crossed her arms and closed her eyes and pretended to try and sleep. It was obvious that she was thinking to herself and trying hard to avoid communication.

Mason adjusted his seat and turned the ignition key. The engine spun but did not start the first time. He turned it second time. A third.

"Is something wrong with the car?" Alyssa said quickly.

Mason turned the ignition key a forth time, slowly, and the car began to start. "Nope! It happens sometimes. Just the starter." He adjusted his hat in the mirror. "It's normal."

Alyssa annoyingly sighed away her anxiety, turned her head over to her side of the window at the snow gently falling and downed the rest of her coffee as Mason pulled out of the campus parking lot and down the road. Classical music began to play from the stereo.

...To be continued.

*002*2015-10-05 04:29

Part 2

Can you turn this music off? Alyssa said after 5 minutes. She loosened her seat-belt, adjusted her coat and loosened her scarf.

"Not into the arts?" Mason asked jovially.

"My grandma listens to this music. I can't see how anyone would listen to this crap."

"Well it's not--"

"And can you turn the heat down? It's really hot in here."

Mason reached over slowly while keeping his eyes on the road and adjusted the heat to a lower setting. They both sat in an awkward silence for the next 2 minutes. The silence was gripping.

Mason broke the silence, "So I'm thinking we can get on I-405 S and instead of taking I-5 N, we can take a shortcut to Thurston County and get back on route 101 to Shelton. By then it should be 7pm and It'll cut back on time and gas. It should take no more than another hour to enter Shelton." He looked over at Alyssa and she appeared to not be listening. She scrolled through her phone.

Mason clenched both of his hands on the steering wheel and watched the road in front of him. The forest of pine trees stood mightily before him blanketed with snow. The sun was setting through grey thick clouds which sprinkled large snowflakes before him, landing on the windshield as the blades slowly wiped them away. He followed the winding slippery road, entering the express way.

After about 10 minutes of silence, Alyssa looked at her phone and laughed out loud at something someone had sent her.

Mason looked over at her grinning down at her phone. She had a cute smile and she tucked her hair behind her ear to see clearly. He noticed that she still had braces. Not too many other girls had braces around that age.

"So what's bringing you all the way out to Shelton?"

She seemed annoyed at his inquiry. "Well obviously".... She paused. "I don't have a car. I'm getting away from home for vacation."

She continued scrolling through her phone in attempt to ignore him.

He was unsure if his question had caused her to feel left out. "Well that's okay, a lot of people don't have cars. I mean if you notice, a lot of people ride bikes and use public transport around campus" he attempted to assure her.

She ignored for a while. She turned off her phone and stuffed her phone in her coat pocket and looked down at her empty coffee cup.

"Here, take this." She handed him the empty coffee cup.

Mason took it and placed it down in the cup holder under his window.

She reached in the pocket of her jeans and took out a small wallet with cash neatly stored in it. She took out a $20.00 bill and handed it to him.

"This is for gas money. It should get you through until we reach WA."

Mason took the bill and thanked her.

"And wake me up when you get to the next gas station? I have to pee."

Mason paused. He looked down at the map to see the nearest exit marking.

"Looks like it's going to be about 50 minutes. I already mapped out the quickest route and filled up this morning on the way to class..."

"50 minutes?! Isn't there an exit coming up around here? And your fuel gauge is almost half way."

"It wasn't in the plan to stop but I can easily locate an exit up hill in about 15 minutes after we get off this stretch."

"Alright." She replied quietly.

"And can you turn on some music other than that old people stuff?"

"What would you like to listen to?" Mason asked mockingly.

"Anything but that." She said inflexibly.

Mason veered over the steering wheel and began watching out for exit signs. He put his arm over the passenger seat and looked back at traffic, getting over to the far right lane.

"You can control the stereo, I have my eyes on the road."

Alyssa giddily snatched off her mittens from her hands and began to turn the knob on the radio. She turned from station to station listening for something good. She intermittently paused on a commercial for a news station and continued scanning.

"Wait, stop! Turn back." Mason exclaimed.

She turned the knob back to the previous station.

Mason listened to the weather alert on the radio. The woman announcer reported, "...Bringing several inches of snow and strong winds tonight in the Northern Portland area. Eight additional inches officially reported in the Jefferson Mountains. We're seeing airport delays and we can see the visibility that will change later tonight into early morning due to strong winds. Near south-west Washington, nearly 9 inches are to be expected tonight with strong winds. Reports of power outrages in west...."

"Isn't that where we're headed?" Alyssa asked.

Mason looked out at the snow falling heavily onto the window and thought to himself.

"Nah, it's not going to get that strong until later tonight. Much later. It always gets much worse around midnight."

Alyssa turned the station to an alternative rock station where "Snake Eyes" by Mumford and Sons played.

He noticed the sign for the exit coming up and drove out, reaching a gas station. It was pretty empty and he could hear the loud Christmas music playing through intercom outside. He pulled up to an empty pump and stopped the car, looking over at her. Alyssa put on her mittens, buttoned her coat and unfastened her seat-belt. They both opened the car doors at the same time and looked over at each other with a glare. Mason got out and swiped his credit card into the machine and began to fill the tank. He watched Alyssa walk into the gas station. The lights inside of the station were bright and he noticed a man with long curly black hair standing behind the counter. There was one other person in the gas station shopping for oil. The snow had begun to fall heavily and pack its way onto the windows. Mason stood and watched as a snow plow made its way down the street.

After the filling the car with fuel, he went back inside of the car, cleaned the fog from his glasses with the sleeve of his coat and checked the map. After 3 more minutes, Alyssa walked out of the gas station opened the car door and got in.

"Those bathrooms are really disgusting." She was irate and her hair sparkled with snowflakes in it through the car dome light.

"There's no soap. Do you have any hand sanitizer?" She asked Mason, rubbing her bare hands together to build warmth.

Mason opened the dashboard over her and searched. He reached over his seat and rummaged through his embarrassingly messy junk pile in the back seat.

"I'm sorry, I don't..."

"Great." she said sarcastically and wiped her hands on the car seat and buckled her seat-belt. "Let's just get back on the road so I can get to my cousin's house."

Mason brushed off the snow from his coat and turned the ignition key one time to which the car failed to start. He turned it again. A third time. A fourth.

"I swear you need to get that thing fixed." Alyssa said firmly.

He turned the key a fifth time. "C'mon"..... he said to himself. A sixth. Alyssa stared out the window next to her at the falling snow in disbelief. The car started after the seventh turn. "I Bet my Life" by Imagine Dragons began to play on the radio. Mason turned it down a bit at the chorus and looked at her. She had a lot on her mind, it showed on her face.

Mason buckled his seat belt and pulled out of the gas station and onto the wet slippery road and made it back out onto the expressway. The quick unexpected stop made him a bit confused as to where he was supposed to be headed now. He glared down at the map in the dark while watching the road trying to find the next planned exit. After 15 minutes of driving, Mason took a turn down what he believed to be the ramp to Route 101. There was heavy construction ahead from the snow damage on the road to where sections were blocked off to get onto the route. Traffic was packed ahead.

"Okay, it looks like we are going to have to take a right here and then get onto route 101 to avoid all of this traffic."

Alyssa pretended to not be listening as she sat leaned back in her chair and chipped the coral red nail polish from her thumb with her index finger and listened to the radio.

Mason took a sharp right turn into the exit to avoid the construction and get back onto the right route. The exit had few streetlights and appeared to be a winding back-road with a forest of coniferous trees. They followed the strange empty road for 15 minutes into the snow until Alyssa broke her silence.

"Where the hell are we?"

Mason looked down at the map and tried to pinpoint their road.

"It's a back-road. We're just avoiding that traffic pile back there."

"Well, I haven't seen a car out here for ages."

"Relax." Mason replied. "The exit to route 101 is right on the other side of this road."

The snow began to pile out in the long winding road after several minutes as the snow storm kicked up. The winds blew furiously and made it almost impossible to see out. Mason slowed down immensely. "Oh man..."

"Is everything okay?" Alyssa asked with deep worry in her voice. He sat silently trying to fight through the storm until the heavy snow built up and impacted the tires which became barely immovable. He pulled out of the road slowly under a row of pine trees and hit the accelerator.

"Sh-t."

"What is it! Are we stuck?!" Alyssa exclaimed.

Mason aggressively floored the accelerator pedal several times in hopes to get the car to start. The vibrations from the loud engine whirring in the deep snow however caused the snow which was packed on the pine trees above them to collapse unto the car with loud THUD, covering the car entirely in what appeared to be several feet of snow.

"Oh my God!" Screamed Alyssa. "We're stuck?! We're f---ing stuck?!"

"Well I can get us out! We just have to wait out the storm."

"Oh my God!" Alyssa frantically tried to open the door after the mound of snow fell on top of the car. She pulled the lever several times and pushed her weight against the door. "I can't get out!"

Mason turned on the dome lights and checked if the doors were indeed unlocked and tried to get out. He could not force his way out of the vehicle on his side either. Only the top of the windows were barely visible, into the darkness.

...To be continued.

*005*2015-10-05 15:25

Yes and no; The main plot is a mix between an old movie I saw and my own ideas.

*007*2015-10-06 00:43

Part 3

Mason unstrapped himself from the seat and frantically attempted to open the door of the car without any accomplishment. Pounds of snow surrounded the car and anchored itself as it was packed heavily underneath the car and surrounding doors, only causing it to impact with every push and prod . He stood up from his seat and climbed over to the back row of the car to attempt to open the doors on both sides to no avail. Alyssa cried in distress from the passenger's seat. He climbed back over to the driver's seat and put the car in reverse, then drive in pursuit to loosen the grip of the snow from wheels and accelerate. He performed this about 10 times, still to no success.

"I can't believe we're actually stuck! How could you!" Alyssa cried, her eyes welling up with tears and face red with anger and peril. "Get me outta here!"

"It's ok! We'll just call for help." Mason took out his phone and opened it. He glanced at the top of the screen and noticed the red "X" on top of his signal icon. He tried to make a call to the security authorities anyways. A recording was on the other line informing him that service was not available.

Alyssa overheard the voice recording and glared at Mason with acute anger. "What did they say?"

"Looks like there's no service out here on this part of the road." Mason explained.

"What the actual f---". Well my service plan is with Verizon, I'll get us out of here."

Mason closed his phone and stuffed it in the pocket of his jeans and swore under his breath. Alyssa unlocked her phone with the swipe of a finger. As she was about to access the dial pad, her phone powered off.

"SH-T!" She exclaimed at the top of her lungs.

"What!?"

"My battery is dead!"

"Why didn't you charge it?"

"Because I wasn't planning on getting stuck out here in the middle of no where with you! My charger is in my suitcase."

"Yeah, well your suitcase is in the trunk."

Alyssa shook her leg and looked out at the black window with a sheet of snow that sparkled through the inner lights of the car. She inhaled shakily and exhaled with a whine as if she were about to cry. She looked down and thought to herself. A tear quickly formed and ran quickly down her cheek and onto the sleeve of her coat. She sniffled, balled her hand into a fist and hit the door of the car violently.

"It's ok. At least we still have heat." Mason tried to reassure her.

"Just keep blowing the f---king horn until some comes to rescue us" Alyssa mumbled dreadfully.

Mason pressed the palm of his hand to the center of the steering wheel and blew the horn in 5 second intervals over and over.

"I can't f---king believe this." Alyssa said. "This is all just a bad dream. Tell me this is a bad dream."

Mason was silent and continued blowing the horn.

Alyssa unbuckled herself from her seat and sat on her right leg.

"This is all your fault."

"My fault!" Mason raised his voice and looked over at her. "We wouldn't be in this sh-t if you didn't have to stop at that gas station!"

"Me?! You're the one with that stupid f---ing paper map, Mr. 'Technology is not to be relied upon.'"

"It wasn't the map, it was the construction! And this stupid storm."

"And you just had to take some other route to avoid traffic."

"I was trying to get you there sooner so I wouldn't have to deal with your bitchy attitude! You're not making this easy, Alyssa!"

"It's still your fault. If I die, it's your fault."

Mason twitched at the concept.

"Look, no one's going to di--"

"--I knew I shouldn't have pitched this ride with you! What the hell was I thinking?"

Mason stopped pressing the horn and sighed. He rubbed the back of his neck and thought to himself. Alyssa curled her knees up to her chest, buried her head in her lap and let out a small cry.

The two sat in silence for a few minutes and kept to themselves. Mason continued blowing the horn for help.

"We have food to last us all night. We can just sleep through the night and pray that someone will find us in the morning" Mason said.

Alyssa ignored and sniffled softly.

Mason looked at his wrist watch. It was 6:47pm. It seemed to be much later.

"Can you stop blowing that horn now? It's driving me crazy."

"How else are we supposed to get help, Alyssa?"

"I don't think we're going to get any help in this storm."

Mason sighed and sat to himself. He then reached behind the car seat and looked for some food. The snow had begun to fall even heavier outside and the ice crystals hit the glass violently in the powerful wind. He rummaged through bags and clothes and came across a stale bag of BBQ potato chips and a jar of trail mix that was 3/4ths eaten.

"We'll be out of here by tomorrow, Alyssa. Someone's bound to come and see us."

Alyssa continued in her silence.

Mason opened the bag and offered Alyssa the chips. She looked at bag and turned her head away toward the window. He took a few broken pieces between his fingers and chewed them and rolled the bag up.

"You know we're probably going to be here all night. Don't you think it's just best to just try and get along?"

"What are you talking about?" Alyssa said bitterly.

"You judge me before you even know me! What fairness is in that?"

"You're a f--king geek! Why would I want to try and get to get along with you?"

"A geek? What's your problem?" Mason groaned.

Alyssa rubbed her nose with her glove and thought for a bit.

"Alright. I'm sorry, okay? Now let's please try and get out of here." She said.

Mason arched his spine and looked under his seat at a red crowbar. He jiggled it from under his seat and held it next to him in his gloves.

"I'm going to break the windows with this, okay?"

Alyssa nodded.

"Cover your face unless glass gets everywhere."

Alyssa covered her face with her mittens and watched him through the threads as he stood on his seat and carefully banged the glass window with the crowbar.

"Wait!" Alyssa proclaimed.

"What is it?"

"What if you break the glass... and no one's out there? We won't have any heat! We'll freeze!"

Mason paused and thought for a moment.

"That's just a risk we're gonna have to take. They're certainly not going to find us under all this snow." Mason continued to bang open the window gently.

*010*2015-10-07 01:42

Part 4

Frozen glass and a light sheet of snow began to shatter and fall to the ground and onto the car floor as the crowbar busted its way through the car window. Mason, crouched with his shoes on the seat began to push the remaining peripherals of class through to the ground with his gloves carefully. Alyssa sat and watched with her arms crossed, hugging herself from the sudden gush of wind and ice that made its way into the car, icy flakes of snow brushing her face.

They both made affixed eye contact and looked over at the broken window behind Mason. Alyssa mentally shrugged off her doubts and tightened her scarf around her neck to break the cold.

"Want me to help you out first?" Mason asked Alyssa in a calm and broken voice from the instant chill that hit is body.

Alyssa sat up from her seat and climbed over the gear lever in the middle of the vehicle, her leg which had fallen asleep from sitting for so long was now tingling from the sudden re-position. She rested her foot on Mason's seat, her boot briefly hit part of his leg as he helped lift her over his lap and climb out through the window. Mason had not been so close to a girl physically since he was in the 5th grade. He could smell her light perfume as it whisked through the heavy wind outside them, or was it some kind of shampoo? He couldn't tell, but he cherished the moment.

"Careful..." He urged her.

She paused as she was about to make her way out. "There's still some glass in the window, I don't want to get it in my hair."

"Hold on." Mason said as he pushed the remaining pieces of glass that were stuck through the window. It crushed as it broke away through is gloves.

Mason stood up in his seat, holding Alyssa by the waist with both of his hand to help her climb out. Without concern, Alyssa climbed over him, leaving foot prints on the arm of coat as she used it as a lever to climb out of the broken window. She looked around as her had reached out the window like a curious dog hanging with its head out of a window. The wind violently blew through her hair in moderate gusts.

Alyssa established her foot on the bottom of the window and lifted herself up and out of the car.

"Careful not to land on the glass outside." Mason looked over to his right as she made her way out and noticed that her phone fell out of her pocket. He reached over to pick it up from the seat.

Alyssa carefully planted her feet on several inches of snow outside and brushed herself off from head to shins. The storm and fallen snow had buried the car in what seemed to be almost 2 feet of snow. She glanced around her surroundings: No working street lights were to be found anywhere on the road north of them. The only light which was available were the interior car dome lights and the strangely bright moon shining through the thick grey clouds and large falling snowflakes from the sky, as if it were watching them in their struggle through the cold night.

Acres upon acres of pine trees stood surrounding them with thickly wooded forests; a mountain overshadowed in the distance. She stood quietly, taking in the new scenery in the snow as she watched Mason make his way out of the window. She felt considerably safe in the presence of Mason but was too shy to admit it for he seemed to be the kind, protective, intelligent type. Her reputation at school meant the world to her and she didn't want to ruin it by being with someone in a conflicting coterie. But they were alone.

"Do you think there's a gas station around here someplace?" Alyssa asked Mason as he struggled to make his way out of the small window, avoiding the glass below.

"Uh........ I......." Mason panted heavily as he pushed himself out of the window and planted his feet backwards on the ground outside as the broken glass and snow crunched beneath his weight. "I'm guessing..... there's..... Probably a gas station at........ at the end........ of this road.... I don't know how far it goes." He replied.

He brushed away the snow that gathered on his hair and put on his hat and looked all around him. He took Alyssa's phone and gave it to her. She stuffed it in her pocket and continued to stare into the distance up at the massive forest of trees around her. Slight worry was beginning to grip at her heart as she noticed the endless sea of trees, unknown, plowed road and darkness before her. Mason began to dig snow away near the tires and dig away around the car doors.

"Care to help get the car unstuck?" He asked her.

Alyssa stood around, a bit paralyzed with fear and thought about her bag that was in the trunk. She made her way to the back of the car only to notice several feet of snow on top of the car. She tightened her mittens down to her wrists and tried to brush off the snow for a few minutes. She was only able to make a tunnel with her hands before the freezing temperatures started to numb her fingers and hands.

"It's too much. It's cold." Alyssa cried.

"Yeah, that's snow for ya..." Mason said as a matter-of-factly.

Alyssa began to grow very frustrated.

"I need my charger."

Mason continued to dig. "There's no way to charge, I don't have a car charger."

"You don't?!" She raised her voice at him, but not so loud as she was afraid to draw attention to herself if something were in the woods.

"Not for a smart phone."

"Why didn't you tell me?!"

"You never asked."

Alyssa grunted in sorrowful rage and sat in the snow sneering at him and sniffling from the cold temperatures.

"There's no reception out here anyways. We'll have to walk. The roads aren't even plowed yet. By the way, I don't want to be out here anymore than you do. The sooner we find a station or phone, the sooner we can get out of this mess."

Alyssa sniffled. Mason got up from his knees after digging away the snow with his gloves that accumulated around the headlights and both doors and opened them both. He reached for his map and pocketknife that was in the dashboard. He pulled the car keys from the ignition and stuffed them in his back pocket. The snow crunched beneath his boots as he made his way over to the trunk and pushed off the remaining snow after 9 minutes. Alyssa walked over to help when she noticed he was almost nearing the trunk.

They combated the cold temperatures and wind to get the snow from on top of the trunk. It popped open with his car key. He retrieved a flash light that was deep his trunk and held up a thin, white cotton blanket.

"Do you want this? He offered Alyssa.

She nodded.

"Are you sure? It's very cold out here, I don't want you to freeze. If not, I can use it to patch up the broken window to keep snow from getting in."

Alyssa looked away and started to rummage through her suitcase for nothing in particular.

"We have plenty of stuff to survive through the night if we have to." Mason assured her.

He rolled his eyes away from her and secured the blanket to the window to the handle and hooks attached to the car dome. An hour had passed.

"We better get moving." Mason said. Alyssa was very cold.

"How far are we going to walk?" She asked in fear.

"Until we can find a gas station, cabin or phone I hope. If we get out too far, or get too cold, we can come back to the car and rest. There's still enough gas in the car to keep us warm so we won't freeze."

Mason seemed to know what he was doing. Alyssa felt a bit better after being in his presence longer, but the unknown still terrified her.

"What about wild animals?" She asked worriedly.

Mason sighed quickly. "There are no dangerous animals out here in this part of the country. If there are, they're hibernating during this time of the year." His teeth began to chatter from standing around for so long.

"Let's get going."

They both began walking north of the road, following the path they would have kept on if they'd continued driving, in hopes of running into a snow plow, forest ranger or other stuck cars. They walked 2 miles north together for half an hour before the blizzard began to pick up and Alyssa's frail body began to grow colder from the brutal storm. Reality quickly set in for both of them. They were indeed lost. Both of them were shivering with every step they took, forcing their legs to walk through the thick snow took a toll on their energy.

Alyssa complained about the weather, Mason and fear of being killed out in the middle of no where. She was too uncomfortable to cry and too cold to continue in her incessant complaints. 100 yards beyond was an open area, adjacent by hemlocks and fed by a couple of frozen tiny streams in the open forest. Behind the creek's perimeter was a dozen pointy stumps of cut trees ringed with a frozen pond. The light of the moon illuminated all that was in their path. They stopped and stared at the pond. They listened to the constant crushing of snow beneath their boots and the falling blankets of snow from the many trees in the distance. They hiked for another hour.

"I'm really sorry about this." Mason said to Alyssa as they reached the open area and stared into it.

Alyssa sighed and looked up at him. "It's not your fault." She said.

Mason took the flashlight from his coat pocket and shined it over to the distant pond, looking for a cabin or some sort of civilization. Nothing was of the sort.

"I need to sit." Alyssa sat on the ground of snow and took off her boot and emptied the snow that had collected inside of it.

"My toes are frozen! I don't know if I can walk anymore, Mason."

He continued to scan all perimeters of the area with the light in his hand, only noticing a black forest squirrel jumping in the trees that startled him briefly. He turned off his flashlight.

"C'mon Alyssa, let's head back to the car."

###

Alyssa sat shaking the snow out of her boots and brushing the remaining snow from her socks. She tightened her boot laces and stood up, taking Mason's hand as he helped her from the ground. They started following their footsteps back.

"You gonna alright?" He asked.

She looked at him meanly. "That's a really stupid question." She responded.

"Why do you have to always belittle everything I say?" Mason asked politely.

"Here we go again." She said.

"No, I mean it. What's up with you? I'm just trying to be nice."

Alyssa was silent.

Mason paused. "Do you think you're better than me or something?"

"No...." She delayed. I'm just really frustrated being out here, lost, alone with some guy I barely even know, in the middle of now here with no phone, and no way to get home. I'm scared for my life, okay?"

"...But you were like that before we got lost."

"So." She said firmly and looked away from him, toward the ground.

They walked in silence for another 5 minutes.

"Did you grow up out in this part of the country?" He asked.

"Nope." She replied.

"I've lived in Oregon all my life." He continued. "It's my only home. Too bad the weather gets like this almost every season. It's not the worst I've seen though. Pretty bad, but not the worst. This is a first being out here in the open though. Brutal mess. You'd think growing up in this part of the county, you'd be used to it by now."

Alyssa listened and postponed talking.

"I grew up in California." She replied.

"Which part?" He asked.

"Sacramento. I'm only out here for college."

"Well you're quite a long ways away from home. What a welcome." Mason laughed mellowly.

"What's up in Washington?" He asked.

"I'm visiting my cousin. I hate spending the holidays with my dad."

Mason was unsure if he should ask about her family relations--if his questions would be considered intrusive, he was already walking on egg shells but he was nevertheless curious.

"I'm getting away from my family for the season too. That's why I'm out here driving, trying to raise money to visit my grand-father." He said.

"What's wrong with yours?" She asked.

"Nothing, I can't complain. I just want independence is all, to get a new start after graduating."

"Do you have a girlfriend?" She asked.

"No."

"Have you ever had one?"

Mason was silghtly caught off guard by her questions. "Yeah, a long time ago. It wasn't anything serious."

"What'd she look like?" She asked.

"Well, we were kids. There wasn't anything worth mentioning. Curly chocolate brown hair, dark eyes, a bit traditional the way she was raised I might say."

"Sounds like you two were a good match." She replied.

"Eh..."

"Did she dump you?"

"Well.... Not exactly. It lasted for about 2 years. We both consented."

"Ooooh, it was that bad, huh?" Alyssa laughed.

"We were kids." He affirmed.

"I'm recently getting over a break-up. He was a jerk. He plays on the football team at PSU and wound up cheating with me with some other girls. I couldn't believe it. Guys are jerks."

"Not all are." Mason replied.

"Yeah. I'm pretty sure."

"Well you kno---" Mason was about to begin refuting when a sudden loud crash sounded in the distance in front of them. Both of them stopped walking at the same time and stared over into the forests.

"What the hell was that?" Alyssa said apprehensively.

"...Sounded like a large branch fell in the woods. Probably the weight of the snow on the trees. Maybe we should keep walking." Mason adjusted his glasses and looked over.

They both started walking much faster, following alongside the road, much more alert.

Suddenly, a small swarm of house finches quickly flew out of the trees several yards ahead of them. Another crash, which resembled more of a cracking noise of someone snapping a branch by walking on it, sounded again. Both paused again and looked over into the woods. Alyssa was growing petrified.

"Hello....?" Mason called out into the forest beside them.

"Hello.....?"

Alyssa grabbed and pulled onto Mason's coat sleeve. "Come on! Let's go!" She told him firmly.

"Wait." He said. Mason pulled out his flashlight and shone it through the massive forest of hemlocks; the light created many shadows from the trees and hit, what appeared to be a giant reddish boulder in the blanketed white forest.

"Mason..." Alyssa said very worriedly.

Mason stood for approximately 15 seconds, shining the light in the forest to figure out what was ahead of them. After examining the area, he turned off his flashlight and assured Alyssa to keep walking.

Suddenly a loud, almost muffled loud yell, followed by another crash was heard in close proximity to them. Both Alyssa and Mason paused in fear and looked back. They both noticed something in the shadows advancing at them rather quickly toward them in indistinguishable movement, what appeared to be a man, wearing a dark lumberjack coat.

"Hello.....?" Mason panickingly called out. The shadows did not answer, only by making further movements toward them in the dark forest.

"RUN!!!!!!!!!" Alyssa screamed out at the top of her lungs. "He's got a knife!!!!!!!!!"

Mason shockingly and confusedly looked down the road and again, behind them and noticed someone coming toward them which he could not make out. They both began sprinting through the snow in fear, stepping on top of their previously made footprints in the snow to gain more speed. Alyssa cried as she ran alongside Mason and looked over into the woods repeatedly. The blood was loud inside of him, shot with adrenaline.

Suddenly, Mason doubted his choices, raced through the woods on the other side. He grabbed Alyssa's arm as they make their way across the snow-filled road and through the forest. Alyssa cut herself on a sharp rock as they ran, scraping through her jeans and skin.

"Owww!" She yelled at the top of her lungs.

"Keep running!" He urged her. He didn't even stop to erase signs of their passing. The footprints in the snow could be a dead giveaway he thought, but now the blood that trailed after them from the scrape would also attract some kind of possible animal. They ran for half an hour until they reached the car.

*013*2015-10-07 04:52

Part 5

Their hearts were pounding. Their lungs were aching from incessantly inhaling the brutally cold air. Red-blotched faces streaking with tears. Mason stood in front of the broken down car and rested his hands on the hood of it, panting heavily, looking over at Alyssa.

"If we want to go through with this...... Now is not the time to be spotted by some psycho in the woods.... Or do we want to be found after all? Wait. No!...... Not by some crazy person out here in this stretch of the forest!" He rambled to himself.

Alyssa panted heavily with tears running down her cheeks, listening to him. She looked down her leg. Her jeans were torn at the shin and the pain began to register in her mind as she noticed the cut. She examined her scrape and noticed that it bled through her jeans a bit.

Alyssa began to cry from the stress.

"I wanna go home!" She yelled at him.

"Quiet... Get in the car." He told her.

Both of them quickly got in the car. Mason closed his door carefully. Alyssa slammed the passenger door. Mason gave her a look.

"Get down." He told Alyssa. "He might see us."

Alyssa crouched down into the seat put her hood over her head and cried softly in her arms.

"I think we lost him. Are you sure you saw a knife?" He asked.

Alyssa moved her frozen hair out of her face and sniffled. She let out a small cry. "Positive." She said.

Mason sighed sat up to look out the windows to see if he say anything. The makeshift blanket window still stood blocking out most of the cold windy air but not all of it.

"I'm not going to risk turning on the car or heater out of risk of being seen." He said. "The engine is much too loud."

Alyssa crouched herself with her knees against her chest in her seat and looked up at Mason.

"This is a bad dream..." She cried.

"I know. But we're safe for now... we're not going to go back out there until morning until we can see." He looked at his watch. It was reaching 11pm.

"Are you ok?" He asked.

Alyssa said nothing and buried her head to her knees in the seat. Mason reached over and rubbed her head gently.

"We're safe, Alylssa. I think we'll be alright. Let's just try and forget this and get some sleep until morning. Everything'll be ok. You go ahead and sleep through the night... I'll try and stay awake in case a snow plow or a car comes out on this road."

"I can't sleep like this..." She said brokenly.

"It'll make the time go by faster. It's ok, I'm here." He took out his pocket knife from his pocket. "I have this." He crouched down onto his seat and waved it in front of her. We also have a plethora of things that can be used as weapons if he comes after us. Like the crowbar and stuff."

Alyssa listened to him and started to feel a little bit safer. She wiped her face with her mittens and looked to the back of the car. Mason crouched down on the drivers seat and curled himself up and watched her. Alyssa reached for the jar of trail mix in the back of the car and opened it very gently.

"Can I have some?" she asked him sweetly.

"Sure."

She reached in and took a handful and stuffed it into her mouth. She had no appetite or energy to eat, but was instead trying to distract herself from the heavy emotions. She turned the jar over to Mason. He nodded. She took one more handful and twisted the lid back on the jar and brushed the crumbs from her mittens together.

"Try and get some sleep, alright, Alyssa? It'll be morning by no time. I promise. I'll be here." He grabbed his map from his pocket and unfolded it and started studying it by using the light from his cell phone screen after hopelessly checking for service or a signal.

Alyssa had many questions to ask Mason, but lacked the energy.

"Thank you..." She said brokenly and quietly.

Mason gave her an unsure smile and kept looking at his map. Alyssa drifted off to sleep 30 minutes later as the blowing wind and bright, calming light from the moon lulled her. Mason fell asleep an hour after.

2 hours passed into the night.

The only notable sounds to be heard by Mason as they slept were coyotes in the far distance and the collapsing of snow that fell from the trees in the forest in the distance which he'd come accustomed to subconsciously. He'd awoken intermittently to quietly quench is thirst from the now cold tea in his thermos, eat a few handfuls of the trail mix and urinate in an empty water bottle sitting under the trash pile behind the back of his seat. He was careful not to wake Alyssa as he cared for himself. He was cautious to not walk outside so much to make his presence known in case they were being stalked. He figured it was all in his head after awhile of mentally chewing on the set of circumstances through the night.

He'd thought about his mother and father, how he didn't give them a proper good-bye before he left. It seemed to be like any other day. He felt guilty for not taking advantage of the time for he didn't know what would happen that night or the next day. He'd had a plan to walk the distance they'd driven by morning and get back onto the express way with Alyssa, abandoning their car. He drew the strategy out in his head as he fell into lucid sleep from the stark mental preoccupation.

Another hour had passed into the night.

Alyssa awoke from an uncomfortable sleeping position and unpleasant dream, and looked over at Mason. She sat up a bit and looked around outside, immediately taking notice of how badly she actually needed to relieve herself. Still deathly afraid of the possible murderer outside, she did not want to go out there alone. She debated with herself but was very afraid. She tried to fall back asleep and ignore the pressure in her bladder, but it only kept her awake moment after moment as she twitched her legs. She looked around for something inside of the car to go in, but did not want to risk being seen by Mason.

She sat back down, crouched in her seat. With every moment, the need grew increasingly unbearable. She held herself and could not keep her mind from the precarious need to empty her bladder. She looked outside again, contemplating courage to dare walk outside alone only to have fear possess her mind each time she looked over into the woods. She poked Mason's arm through his coat several times with her finger in attempt to wake him.

She sat up and danced in her seat. Mason began to awaken.

"Mason? I have to pee..."

He inhaled deeply as he woke up and rubbed his eyes with his gloves. He sniffled from the cold air that was hitting him through the makeshift window.

"What?" He asked as he tried to wake himself mentally.

"I really have to pee."

He yawned into his gloves. "So, go." He said groggily.

"I can't... That.... Crazy man is out there."

Mason sat up and adjusted his hat on his head, the lobes of his ears and nose cherry red from the constant chill exposure. He slowly looked around his car and toward the back row. He reached for an empty Coke bottle with a tiny bit of liquid still inside of it.

"Here." He handed it to her.

"I can't go in that!" She said firmly.

He looked at the empty bottle and tossed to the back. He lifted his thermos that was sitting in the cup holder next to him, half filled with tea. He untwisted the cap and examined it.

"Wanna use this?" He asked.

"No. I can't pee in front of you..." She said worriedly.

He looked confused and twisted the lid back on the thermos.

"I really don't think this is a very good time to be shy."

Alyssa rubbed her eyes with her sleeve.

"Well, we'll probably need to keep this drink anyways for hydration purposes." The swishing sound of liquid as he moved the cup in his hands made her even more desperate. He secured the container back into the cup holder.

She sat and bounced her legs in the car seat, holding herself through her coat pockets and biting her lip as she stared out the window into the woods.

"So what are you going to do?" Mason asked. "Do you want me to leave?"

Alyssa thought to herself and shifted her weight to better gain control of her bladder, shaking her leg.

"No, please don't leave me." She said dreadfully.

Mason bit his thumb nail and stared at her with sleep still in his eyes, he could tell that she was desperate. He couldn't tell if the tears that were forming in her eyes were from the freezing cold or the desperation.

She whimpered. "Can you come with me over in that wooded area where it's darker? I'm scared." She asked desperately.

Mason looked out into the distance and scanned the area to see if he could spot anyone or anything around them. He sat for a minute and debated to himself whether it was a good idea to walk into the woods.

"Mason, please, I really have to go... I don't think I can hold it much longer..." She said with her eyes tearing up from wrestling with her full bladder, rocking back and forth subtly with her legs crossed.

"Alright, come on." He said.

Mason quietly opened the door and got out, shutting it loosely behind him. Alyssa struggled to open her door while holding herself simultaneously. She stood up very carefully as to not make a wrong move that would cause her bladder to lose control. The cold gust of wind immediately hit her as she got out of the car, waking her up more and causing her mind to focus better. She adjusted her scarf that was falling off and patted down her hair with her gloves.

They both walked several feet into the wooded area with the car barely in sight, surrounded by the wide gaps of evergreen trees, thick with leafless willows, alder and ferns that were hidden under the snow. The moon continued to shine brightly through the trees. The grey, reddish clouds in the sky dissipated and the stars were visible in a few places. Alyssa immediately stopped walking in front of a large evergreen to try to gain control of her bladder.

"Is here ok?" Mason asked.

Alyssa was uncomfortable having him in her presence.

"Can you go over there please? Turn around?" She pointed toward a lifeless fern whose peaked out through thick patches of snow.

Mason walked over by bracken fern, looked up at the sky and waited.

Alyssa anxiously lifted her coat as her legs automatically wrapped around each other and fidgetly started to undo her belt.

A movement down into the forest to the right behind a row of trees immediately caught both of their attention. Mason prayed that it wasn't that man who had been chasing after them. Alyssa froze with the intense fear that she physically could feel traveling up her spine.

"Hurry!" Mason whispered very loudly to Alyssa.

Alyssa's bladder was so full that she could feel it pressing against her belt. She hurriedly undid her belt and pulled down her jeans and underwear to her ankles. Shaking with fear, she crouched down into the snow with her arms hugging her legs, waiting, trying desperately to release the urine from her bladder.

Mason looked to the right and believed to have seen something in the distance. It grew very quiet, until what he assumed to be strange footsteps were heard in the snow in the distance.

"Alyssa are you done?" Mason asked firmly.

Alyssa couldn't let go; fear paralyzed her mind and sphincter muscles to the point where she couldn't release. Her bladder was so full, it was hurting.

"I can't, I'm too scared..." She cried.

Mason kept his eyes in the distance and walked backwards in order to not make eye contact with her, which he believed could embarrass her more. He waked behind her and crouched down behind her, rubbing her back as he watched the forest in the distance. He wrapped his arms around her slowly in a way to comfort and reassure her.

"It's okay," He whispered, "He's not going to get you. I'm here."

"Go ahead..." He said calmly.

Alyssa looked out into the distance and breathed heavily. She buried her head down into Mason's arms, closed her eyes and tried to go. She could feel Mason's steady breathing as he crouched down behind her, his comforting affirmation helped her to relax more. She was embarrassed, but felt extremely safe in his presence. A small finch flew out of a tree in front of them and landed on a rock. After a few seconds, her body relaxed and a few spurts of urine started to escape from her bladder, then came a long, steady stream. The sound of the stream hitting in the snow somewhat resembled that of steady rain hitting an open umbrella. She could feel the warm steam rising on the back of her legs as it hit the ground.

"There you go... That's a good girl." He told her, gently rubbing her belly through her coat.

Her bladder was so full that it took almost a minute to empty. Mason kept his eyes glued to the back of her head and into the distance in case they had to make an immediate run for it. She focused on his steady breathing to keep from tensing up with intolerable fear. A light crackle sounded in distant proximity to them from the forest. He continued to hug her in assurance from behind.

The last few trickles of pee hit the snow with a pitter-patter sound; she looked toward the ground briefly.

"Are you all done?" He asked calmly.

She replied with a softened, "yes" and pushed herself forward into the snow in order to break her position. Her mittens hit the ground, letting her coat fall behind her to conceal herself. Mason stood up behind her and brushed the snow from the back of his coat; he slowly walked in front of Alyssa and stared into the distance as she redid her pants, hoping it was a deer or squirrel that'd passed.

Alyssa stood up in the snow as Mason walked in front of her and pulled her pants up, checking to make sure she didn't get any on the fabric of her jeans. She pulled up her underwear and noticed that they were a bit damp from struggling earlier. The wet patch couldn't be seen through her jeans however. She ignored, brushed the snow off of her mittens and fastened her belt. She glanced down at the snow where she'd wet; the golden color painted the snow lightly. She embarrassingly covered it over with more snow with her boot. She was immediately drawn to Mason.

"Are you ready?" He asked her quietly?

"Yeah, you can turn around now." She said with relief.

"Hurry, let's get back." He said with slight unsettlement and worry plastered on his face.

Alyssa held onto his arm, running alongside him back to the car.

"I'm sorry that took so long..." she said.

Mason didn't say anything, he just continued running as she held onto him.

Both of them returned to the car and immediately jumped in and closed the doors behind them, crouching down into their seats in fear of being seen.

Mason rubbed his hands together to warm them and continued peering outside.

"Are we safe?" Alyssa asked.

"I hope so..." Mason panted and replied.

He looked at his watch. It was nearing 3am. Alyssa sniffled from the weather.

"Okay, we'd better get back to sleep. Do you think you'll be okay until morning?" He paused. "I'm thinking we can start heading back on I-101 early morning and ditch the car."

She looked him in the eyes and nodded, trembling from the cold.

Alyssa didn't like Mason at first, he seemed a bit scruffy and unkempt for her type, but she'd never met someone so full of compassion. He was nice to her the entire time, even when she'd given him a hard time she'd thought. 'He was nice to even lower the price, and he was only trying to get me there quicker.' Alyssa continued to dwell on herself and the embarrassing sequence of events that took place. Her face grew red and heart pattered faster the more she replayed it in her mind, but Mason was so sweet, maybe it wasn't that bad, she thought.

Mason was slightly embarrassed himself by what took place, he looked to his left and rubbed the back of his neck with his glove, attempting to play it off. Surely she'd understand. He kicked off his boots and crouched back up into his seat next to Alyssa. He turned with his back facing her, due to embarrassment and positioned himself to sleep.

"Mason?" She said quietly.

He lifted his head from the seat. "Yeah?"

"That was really sweet what you did."

Mason was silent for a while, trying to think of a reply. He'd only dream of a situation like that with such a beautiful girl. She was very cool, he'd thought. He was enjoying his time being lost out in the forest with her. Although he didn't mean to get lost, it was still one of the best times he'd thought. He knew he would be thinking about over the Christmas season, if he made it out alive and over to his grandfather's.

"Don't mention it." He said, almost in a whisper.

He thought to himself and wondered if she'd be his girlfriend. Surely not at a time like this, he'd thought. Maybe after they get out of the woods alive would he ask her. 'I'll get a chance to prove to her how heroic I am.' He thought. It was a possible plan.

After a a few moments passed, he put the key into ignition and turned it. To his surprise, it started the second time. He looked over at Alyssa who appeared to be asleep. He knew he'd sleep better with music and keep his mind off of the potential murderer that lurked outside. Perhaps if it were a murderer, they would've gotten them by now. Rational logic would confirm the idea, but fear continued to play in his head. Something was indeed following them, that he knew. He didn't want to take the risk falling into a deep sleep, but noted the treacherous walk that awaited them in the morning. He turned on his CD, not caring what Alyssa thought of is music. The disc spun inside of the car stereo as Chopin's Waltz Op. 62 No. 2 began to play softly. They both slept through the night.

*014*2015-10-07 05:30

{{:

Great job ^^ It's nice to see something different. Just a couple minor errors where it looks like you meant to put a word in but missed it.

Maybe I missed something, but why did he have to break the window? Why couldn't he just roll it down? Also in the last chapter you accidentally called him Wyatt somewhere in there. Other than that it's pretty good ^^

}}

Thanks for the editing! ;) Just writing and submitting as I go... I didn't have time to edit bugs.

Whoops! Wyatt is another one of my characters. How'd he get in there?

He couldn't roll it down because it's an old car, the window is broken. I should have specified.

