The Assistant - Page 4

Author: Anubis

*076*2013-11-22 15:12

19

With her head lowered, Katherine stroked Danielle's clit, listening as her assistant moaned softly behind her. Her own bladder felt like it was about to burst and she kept losing control with every spasm, but very little pee escaped from her body. Danielle is putting a lot of pressure on my pee hole...

Thinking that maybe it was time to let go, Katherine lifted her head and looked over her shoulder. “Danielle, I need to let a little bit of pee out. Could you move your fingers?”

Katherine groaned as Danielle moved her fingers and she felt her pee gushing out of her body. Katherine sighed with relief as she listened to the sound of the stream spraying Danielle's chest, but was stopped suddenly when she felt some fingertips forcefully stop the flow. “That's enough peeing, Miss Andrews.”

Katherine smiled as she used her muscles to coax the pee that remained in her urethra back into her bladder, so she could continue holding. She still needed to pee pretty badly, but was no longer desperate. She lowered her head back towards Danielle's crotch, but stopped when she felt a hand slap her right buttock.

“Ow!” The slap left quite a sting in its wake. “Why did you hit me Danielle?”

“Because you weren't even trying to stop peeing,” came the reply.

Katherine giggled. “Fair enough.”

Katherine stuck out her tongue again and poked Danielle's clit with it, but didn't lick. She looked down between Danielle's legs and pulled her hand away from her assistant's pee hole.

“No, keep pressing!” Danielle cried.

Katherine watched with delight as a little bit of pee squirted out of Danielle's urethra, out over the floor. Danielle's knees were trembling as she stopped the flow and tried not to let out more, but soon, a long, powerful stream sprayed out of her.

“Miss Andrews, I can't make it stop!” Katherine lowed her head and allowed the stream to spray into her mouth. Her glasses fell off and landed on the floor inches away from Danielle's wet pussy as the stream doused her tongue and droplets flew around inside of her mouth.

“Miss Andrews!” Danielle cried as the flow suddenly stopped.

Katherine lifted up her head and swallowed the pee that was in her mouth. Deciding not to do any more licking, she got up off of the floor and stood up. She turned around and looked down at Danielle, who was lying on the floor with her hands at her sides, breathing heavily, no longer appearing to be desperate.

Katherine reached her hands around to her back and unclasped her bra. She held it over her breasts for a little bit and played with her breasts to tease Danielle before finally letting it fall to the floor. “So, Danielle, did it feel good when your pee gushed out of you?”

Danielle nodded as Katherine looked at the very wet bra that covered her assistant's chest. The whole front of it was soaked with pee and Katherine noticed a few droplets of her own urine on Danielle's chin and neck, which had splattered all over from the force of her stream.

Putting her hands on her hips, Katherine took a moment to inspect the damage they had done. There was pee on the floor by Danielle's sides where a few droplets had run down from her chest. Between Danielle's legs there was a trail made up of droplets of pee leading to a small puddle a few feet away, which had been formed by the powerful stream that gushed out of her assistant's body. Her glasses were sitting upside down on the floor with droplets of pee all over the lenses.

She looked back down at Danielle and then slid her panties down to her ankles. She kicked them off, directly into Danielle's pee puddle, where they immediately soaked up the liquid. Once she was naked, she got back down on her hands and knees. She straddled Danielle's crotch, enjoying the feel of Danielle's legs touching the skin on the back of her own legs.

Katherine looked down into her assistant's eyes and grinned. Danielle grinned back up at her. She watched as her assistant shifted her gaze right to her tits. “Do you like my tits, Danielle?”

Danielle nodded and Katherine grabbed the young woman's hands. She lifted them up off of the floor and placed the palms up against her nipples. “Feel them and play with them, Danielle.”

Her assistant did as she was told and Katherine closed her eyes as she felt her hard nipples being gently stroked and rubbed by the young woman's delicate fingers.

She started breathing heavily as Danielle fondled her tits. She released a little bit of pee from her bladder and allowed a short squirt to spray Danielle's groin and the skin over her bladder.

She opened her eyes again and saw that Danielle was arching her neck and gasping, as if she was about to have an orgasm. “Did you enjoy that little squirt, my lovely assistant?”

Danielle nodded. “It was very hot, Miss Andrews. Some of your pee trickled over my, um...”

Katherine laughed softly and lowered her face towards Danielle's and kissed her lips. She felt Danielle return her kiss and move her hands from her breasts to her neck. She then lowered her body until their skin was touching.

The two of them kissed each other passionately as Danielle sat up. Katherine lowered her butt until it was touching the skin on her assistant's legs and she removed her young lover's bra. She tossed it off to the side and then slowly moved her lips over the skin, down from her assistant's lips to her neck.

*080*2013-12-06 14:55

I haven't felt very motivated lately, so there haven't been any new chapters in a while. Anyway, here's another chapter!

20

Stepping out of the side office, Katherine turned towards the doors that led to the hallway.

Danielle poked her head out of her office and looked at her boss' exposed rear end as she walked away. “You're not going out there, are you?! You're still naked!”

With a naughty grin, she turned around and looked at her assistant. She was holding her glasses in one hand, so she put them over her eyes. “Not anymore. Now it should be safe to walk out into the hall.”

Danielle turned her head and looked out through the glass wall behind Katherine's desk. She could see the buildings outside with the evening sun reflecting off of them. What if someone from one of those other building is able to see in here?

Frowning, Katherine put her hands on her hips. “Come on Danielle, we need to get paper towels to clean up the mess you made. No one is going to see us.”

Slowly stepping out of the office, Danielle covered her chest with one arm and her crotch with one hand as she hurried towards her boss. Katherine turned and opened the doors. She stepped out into the hall, but Danielle remained behind, afraid of someone seeing her in the hallway. Katherine walked into the restroom and turned the light on. “Come on Danielle, I'm waiting for you!”

Slowly poking her head out, she made sure no one was outside. When it looked safe, she hurried into the restroom, with her private parts still covered, and shut the door behind her.

She pressed her back against the door and sighed. I can't believe I'm walking around in this building naked!

While her eyes were still closed, she felt Katherine's breasts press up against hers and felt her boss's lips touch hers. The two of them kissed each other again and Danielle opened her eyes when Katherine pulled away.

A creepy grin appeared on Katherine's face and Danielle felt nervous and excited when she saw it. “Do you still need to pee, Danielle?”

She nodded her head in response and Katherine grabbed both of her hands. She let the dominant woman guide her to the sink where the two of them stopped.

Katherine pointed at the sink. “Have a seat on it.”

Danielle looked at her, confused. “Why? What am I going to do?”

Katherine laughed. “You are going to empty your whole bladder into it while I stroke you some more with my fingers.”

Danielle looked at the sink. Though it looked clean, she felt a little apprehensive about sitting on it and peeing into it.

Katherine put her hands on her hips. “Do not worry, my dear assistant. I make sure that this restroom is always spotless. I'm the one that cleans it because I take pride in making sure that this room is the cleanest one in the whole city.”

Danielle smiled and hopped up on the sink, so that her butt and vulva were over the drain. With one hand, her boss reached in between her spread legs and gently touched her clit with one finger. Mm...

Katherine moved her hand further back until she was rubbing with the palm of her hand, with her fingers directly underneath Danielle's pee hole. “Go ahead and pee, Danielle. Don't stop until it is all out.”

Though she was not desperate, Danielle's bladder was still quite full. She closed her eyes, tipped her head back, and sighed as her sphincter opened and clear liquid gushed out of her body. The liquid washed over Katherine's fingers and fell down into the sink, where it went down the drain.

Katherine stopped rubbing and took a moment to enjoy the warm liquid that was soaking her fingers. After a good thirty seconds or so, the flow stopped and she returned to rubbing Danielle's clit.

Danielle started panting and she gripped the edge of the sink so tight that her knuckles turned white.

“Does that feel good, Danielle?” Katherine asked.

Danielle nodded. “Yeah...”

Danielle started to moan softly and closed her legs around Katherine's arm. She squeezed Katherine's arm with her legs and her grip grew tighter and tighter as she grew closer and closer to the orgasm she desired.

It's coming Miss Andrews, don't stop now! Please! Danielle didn't dare beg Katherine to keep going out loud, fearing that she might stop and deny her an orgasm again. However, when she was right on the edge, it certainly didn't appear that orgasm denial was the plan. Danielle curled her toes and leaned forward with a loud gasp. It's here!

Katherine laughed as Danielle leaned back against the mirror and she pulled her wet hand out from between Danielle's legs. Her whole hand was wet from urine and love juice. She spread her fingers apart and looked at the strings between them.

Danielle opened her eyes and watched as Katherine raised her wet hand. “Lick my fingers until they are clean, Danielle.”

Doing as she was told, Danielle lowered her head and stuck out her tongue. She licked up her own juices and looked at the grin on Katherine's face.

“Danielle, you are a very good girl! You are the assistant that I have always wanted.”

Danielle stuck her tongue between Katherine's index finger and middle finger. She licked up the juices between them and then proceeded to lick the liquids between her other fingers.

“The other assistants that I had before did not enjoy this as much as you did, Danielle,” Katherine said. “This is what I was hoping for. I was hoping for an assistant who would enjoy doing this with me. I am certainly going to keep you around.”

When Danielle finished licking, she looked into Katherine's eyes. “Are you going to make me hold my pee in public again?”

Katherine nodded. “Oh yes, I certainly will. I won't make you do it all the time, but every once in a while, yes. Your first day was only a test, anyway. I'm going to let your bladder rest a while. I don't want to be too hard on it.”

Danielle smiled and shook her head. “You have a weird way of finding people who will hold for you, but thank you for letting my tired bladder rest.”

Danielle got down from the sink and Katherine gently put her hands on her arms. “When you go to sleep tonight, I recommend you find a way to protect your sheets. After everything you've been through today, there is a likely chance you will wake up wet.”

Danielle nodded. “Okay. Um, should we get some paper towels to clean up the office with?”

Katherine looked down at Danielle's nipples and gently pinched one of them with her fingers. “Oh yes, you should. You are going to clean the mess. I just brought you here for more fun.”

Danielle frowned and turned towards the paper towel dispenser. She grabbed a large hand full and opened the restroom door. Taking a quick peak outside, she made sure that no one was outside. Sure enough, she saw no one. Feeling safe, she hurried out of the restroom and back to her office.

Katherine followed her, obviously nowhere near as uncomfortable about walking around in the buff, in her own building. When the two of them were back in the side office, Danielle got down on her hands and knees.

Katherine picked up her wet panties from where she had tossed them into the pee puddle. The panties were dripping as she watched Danielle clean up every little droplet of pee in the room.

“Danielle, my panties are dripping and I need you to clean up the drips,” Katherine said with a giggle.

Danielle looked up as Katherine turned and walked out of the room, obviously letting the panties drip on purpose. “Miss Andrews, what are you doing?”

Danielle quickly followed after her on her hands and knees. She wiped up the trail of drips Katherine was leaving behind as she followed her around the office.

Katherine stopped moving around right in front of the doors of her office. She watched as Danielle caught up with her and wiped up the drips on the floor in front of her.

“You did a good job, Danielle. Now, wrap up these wet panties in the towels and get rid of them.”

Danielle stood up and took the panties from her boss. She wrapped them up with the paper towels in her hands and carried them back to her office where she tossed them into the trash can.

*083*2013-12-07 13:28

{{: 

Hooray, another chapter of THE ASSISTANT... thanks for getting back to work on the story, Anubis !

Somehow i get the impression that Danielle is going to get lots of practice holding for Ms. Andrews, not to mention the periodic humiliation of public wetting. And that she will enjoy every minute of it now... even the most humiliating ones. It's strange how that works for some of us...

}}

I'm glad you liked this chapter. It's also strange how experiencing desperation and loss of control for the first time can be unpleasant, but the experience somehow makes it more enjoyable to experience it later on for some people. I know it's a big part of how I got into it.

*085*2013-12-15 21:43

I know this one is pretty short compared to the others, but it's ready. It took me a while to figure out what exactly what I wanted to do in this one, so I feel like more could have been added. Anyway, enjoy.

21

Danielle buttoned up the front of her white shirt while Katherine watched her from the doorway of her office, still naked. She saw that her boss was squirming a little, so she smiled. “Do you need to pee again?”

Katherine nodded. “Yeah, but I'll wait until you've gone home to let it out.”

Grabbing her business-jacket off of her desk, Danielle slipped it on and buttoned it up as well. “Miss Andrews, you let me orgasm, but you still haven't had one yet.”

Katherine chuckled. “Oh, I've had plenty today.”

Surprised, Danielle gave her a confused look. “When?”

Looking up at the ceiling, Katherine tapped her finger on her chin. “Well, there was the one time you were knocking on the restroom door, asking me how long I was going to be. I had another one after we got back from lunch.”

Shaking her head, Danielle sighed and planted her hands onto her hips angrily. “You were masturbating to my misery!”

Katherine giggled and walked up to her assistant. She put her hands on Danielle's shoulders and then the two of them kissed. Danielle reached up and placed her arms around Katherine's neck.

As the two of them held each other, Danielle started to become aroused all over again. She felt like an entirely different woman. Finding pleasure in desperation and wetting while being intimate with another woman was such a strange, new experience, but she enjoyed it nonetheless.

When the kiss finally ended, the two looked into each others' eyes. They were both quiet for a little while before Katherine spoke. “Before you go, you should bring up your schedule for the week on your computer and enter in all of the information on your PDA. We've got a busy week ahead of us and you need to be prepared.”

Danielle nodded and smiled. “Okay, I'll make sure I do that before I go home. Um, I feel like I should thank you for letting me stick around.”

Katherine shook her head and smirked at her. “You earned the privilege to stick around, so you have nothing to be thankful for. You deserve the credit.”

She must really like smirking at people, Danielle thought. It seems like she does that all the time!

The two of them released each other from their embrace and Danielle took a seat behind her desk. She brought up her schedule for the week and started to enter the data into her PDA. While she worked on he final project of the day, she kept glancing at Katherine so she could watch her squirm. Maybe I should take my sweet time so you know what I've had to go through all day, Miss Andrews!

With a devious grin on her face, Danielle listened to the sound of her boss' soft gasps and rapid breathing as finished her work. Knowing that her boss was nearly bursting was extremely erotic. She felt like stripping down and having more fun with Katherine, but she was all tired out from the long day she'd had. She was ready to go home and get some needed rest.

Though looking at her schedule should have given Danielle a fair idea of what she was going to do the next day, she wasn't quite sure what surprises the day might bring. Even though Katherine had told her she'd let her bladder rest, she had no way of knowing if that was true, but not knowing was exciting. She almost couldn't wait for her second day to arrive so she could find out what sort of tricks her boss had stored in that mysterious, twisted mind of hers.

*090*2013-12-17 03:55

{{: 

Great work! You definitely need to keep this series going!

I sure am curious what Ms Andrews has in store next for poor Danielle... Maybe she'll invite her at her place? Or maybe out in public? Who knows?

Although, I'd love to see the two ladies uncontrollably wet in a pair of tight jeans, mhhh.

Also, I have just started something similar, have a look if you desire :D

}}

Hmm... I'm not sure what will happen just yet, though I do have some ideas. I'll check your story out and see what I think.

*093*2013-12-30 13:15

{{: 

Just discovered this, looking forward to catching up on it.

}}

Hopefully you like what you've read so far and I hope you enjoy every chapter.

Speaking of catching up on it, I need to post another chapter soon. I think it's been a little too long since the most recent chapter was posted.

*095*2014-01-17 02:25

{{: 

If it's not to late I'm guessing some people other than myself would like to see a new chapter. You've done a good job with this and would like to see it have an ending if possible.

}}

I'll get to it, definitely. There will be more in the future and there will be an ending.

I sort of have the idea of ending the story after the first day of work and then doing a separate story for Danielle's second day, but I'm thinking of taking a break from writing long Omorashi stories after I've finished my unfinished stories. My problem is I keep starting new ones while others are in progress and then other things in real life get in the way and they all become forgotten.

*097*2014-01-17 19:26

22

When at last Danielle had all of the required information on her PDA, she stood up from her desk and smiled at Katherine. “Well, I think I'm ready to go back home.”

Oh god yes! Katherine thought, ready to get to the restroom before she sprayed her urine all over the floor beneath her feet.

Danielle closed her laptop and picked up her purse from the top of her desk. “I'd like one more kiss before I go. Your lips are soft and they feel good.”

Katherine nodded and walked around Danielle's desk so that they stood face to face. Okay, good. Maybe she won't try to get revenge on me for what I've done.

The two of them kissed again and Katherine quickly put her hand between her legs and pressed into her crotch. Expecting a quick peck on the lips, she tried to pull her head away from Danielle, but her assistant set her purse back on the desk and wrapped her arms around her neck, pulling their lips together again. Though she definitely enjoyed this, what she really wanted to do right then was let her piss gush into the toilet and make her fingertips all juicy.

Katherine put one hand on Danielle's back as she allowed Danielle's tongue to enter her mouth and explore a little. While she met her assistant's tongue with her own, she felt the young woman move her arms and place her hands on her shoulders. Then, she felt those hands gradually slide down to her shoulder blades, down her back, and they eventually met her buttocks and squeezed them.

A bladder spasm hit Katherine and she clenched her holding muscles and squeezed her hand between her legs. Her sphincter opened up for about a second and her clear urine met the skin on her hand as it escaped from her body.

When Danielle finally pulled her tongue back into her mouth, she released her grip on Katherine's butt and backed away. “Before I go, I need to go in the restroom.”

Katherine raised an eyebrow at her and put one hand on her hip. “But you were just in there!”

Danielle shrugged. “I'm horny again, what can I say?”

Katherine sighed and smirked, again, hoping to hide how desperately she needed to relieve herself, in more ways than one. “Alright, but make it fast.”

Danielle nodded and grabbed her purse again. She slipped past her boss and went into the main office. Katherine followed her out into the hall and watched as her assistant stepped into the restroom.

“Should I come in with you?” Katherine asked.

A devious grin appeared on Danielle's face as she closed the door ,without saying a word, and carefully locked it, leaving her boss alone in the hall.

She's doing it! She's doing exactly what I knew she'd do! In the restroom, Katherine could hear the sound of Danielle moving around, though she couldn't quite tell what her assistant was doing.

She paced back and forth outside of the restroom door, hoping that she wouldn't be kept waiting for too much longer. As hot as it was to make passionate love with Danielle while they were both bursting, she was not a big fan of holding her own pee for the sake of holding. Seeing others desperate had always been more enjoyable than being desperate herself anyway.

Tapping one of her bare feet on the floor while she waited, Katherine looked down at her naked body and saw her bladder bulging. Oh god it is really full! Come on Danielle, before I make a mess on the floor!

Hoping to pass the time while she waited for Danielle to leave the restroom, she returned to her office to collect her clothes, which she had scattered all over the place.

She approached her shoes and bent down to grab them, but froze suddenly as another bladder spasm forced pee past her sphincter. She quickly put both hands between her legs to cover her pee hole, but not before a small spurt shot out and landed on the floor.

She got down on her knees and tensed every muscle in her body. Don't lose it Katherine. Don't let Danielle gain the upper hand.

Leaving one hand against her crotch, she picked up her shoes with the other and slowly got up off of the floor. She shuffled into Danielle's office and set the shoes on the floor where they'd “done the deed” earlier. She carefully picked up her shirt, bra, business-jacket, and her skirt from the floor.

As she grabbed the last piece of her wardrobe from the tile floor, she stood up straight and a little bit of pee dribbled out from between her downstairs lips. She tossed the clothes into Danielle's chair before quickly covering her pee hole with both hands again. Alright, I'm going to go see if she's going to be out soon.

Katherine hurried back out into the hall and pounded on the restroom door with one hand. “Danielle, how long are you going to be?”

There was no response.

She pounded on the door again. “Danielle, I'm about to make a mess on the floor!”

Once again, there was no response.

She tapped on the door lightly this time. “Danielle, are you even in there?”

Just as before, there was no response, so she pressed her ear up against the door and listened for sounds of movement. She heard only silence. What the hell?

Katherine grabbed the doorknob and tried to turn it but the door was locked. Did she seriously sneak out when I wasn't looking and lock the door on the inside? How could she have done it without me hearing her?

If indeed Danielle had done what Katherine thought, she'd need to find a key to unlock the door, since the door could only be unlocked from the inside without it.

Hoping she was wrong, Katherine tapped on the door again. “Danielle, are you screwing around with me?”

Just as before, her question was answered with silence. Alright, if I don't find a place to pee, I'm going to lose it where I am!

With both hands practically welded between against her womanhood, Katherine shuffled into her office, panting as she hurried towards Danielle's office. Giving up on fighting her desperation, she removed her hands and ran towards Danielle's trash can with pee running down her legs. When she finally reached the only place she could pee, she quickly squatted over it and let go completely, allowing her stream to fall on the trash that had already been inside.

“Oh god!” She closed her eyes and sighed as she emptied her bladder.

As the urine flowed from her body, she found herself thinking about her assistant. Not only was Danielle her favorite, but she was a clever girl with more of a backbone than Katherine knew she even had. There was no way she could let her go and the young woman knew it, but either way, something between them had been set in motion. Despite being lovers and co-workers, they were also at war and Katherine needed to get Danielle back under her thumb.

