Quick story experiment: The Championship Cup

Author: EnragedFilia

*000*2014-01-25 06:15

Here's something a little different. I've noticed for some time now that my stories always seem to take a really long time to write, and as a result I end up sitting on lots of half-finished ideas. So in an effort to boost my productivity, I decided to see if I can write and something in just a few hours. Needless to say it won't be up to my usual standards, so I also plan to post further revisions sometime soon until hopefully it looks like the sort of thing I'd spent the usual several weeks on.

For starters, here's a quick story outline. I just came up with the idea today.

{{: 

After their team loses the big championship, cheerleader Kenra rushes to the bathroom absolutely desperate. She doesn't know the way and gets lost, accidentally finding the stadium's main lobby which is getting crowded with spectators. Just when she's starting to panic at the thought of totally wetting her costume in the middle of the huge crowd, she sees an unmarked door and makes for it, struggling with the rickety knob and ducking inside. She turns on the lights and finds herself in a tiny storage closet, empty except for a low table with a large box on it.

She knows there's no way that she can make it to a bathroom now, and if she goes back outside she's practically sure to have a gigantic public accident. She's trying to work up the courage to just pull down her panties and let go on the floor when the doorknob starts to rattle. She panics again and locks the door, then switches the lights back off. A gruff, irritated voice wonders why the door is locked and loudly asks if there's someone inside. Kendra can see a line of light from under the door and hops up on the table so her feet won't be visible, crouching over the box.

Between the panic and her position and her absolutely overwhelming desperation, Kendra's control finally starts to slip, and she helplessly empties her bladder right through her colorful cheerleading panties and into the box, producing a soft and vaguely metallic tinkling sound. The person at the door finally leaves, grumbling about how long it's going to take to find the key. When Kendra's accident is finished, she decides the only way she has a chance of getting away with to leave all the evidence behind and hope nobody finds it until she's long gone. She removes her soaked panties and drops them in the box, then heads back to rejoin the rest of the squad.

Later, all the cheerleaders are watching as the opposing team receives the championship cup. The League head makes a long speech of congratulations, and his voice sounds vaguely familiar, but Kendra can't quite place it until he starts grumbling about how last year some pranksters defaced the championship cup before it was presented, so this year they took the precaution of hiding it before the game. He unveils the trophy, which is in a very familiar box, and Kendra gasps as she suddenly recognizes both the box and the voice. When the opposing team captain and pulls out the trophy and lifts it over his head, only to be receive a fragrant golden splash in the face and a pair of colorful underwear on his head. Everybody bursts into laughter at the spectacularly hilarious prank.

}}

*001*2014-01-25 11:16

Well, the experiment was partially successful. I got bogged down with the climax and didn't manage to get to the entire story I outlined originally, but the important part is all there, and the humorous ending can wait. Just think of it as a cliffhanger or something

And like I said earlier, this is only a rough quick version and I do plan to not only complete but also improve upon it.

The Championship Cup

"And after all that they didn't even win!" Maggie complained with an exasperated sigh as soon as the door was closed behind her.

"Uh-huh. And after we worked so hard, too!" Melissa agreed.

"Well... it's not like we had anything to do with it, but yeah, it's a big letdown." The cheerleaders filing in behind her seemed to share Maggie's sentiment, grumbling softly about the game's outcome as they shuffled down the halls toward the locker room doors. Only Kendra was silent, trotting past the others .

Melissa saw her and called out loudly, "Oh, Kendra, not that way. The cheerleaders' locker room is right over here," with a big sweet smile on her face.

Kendra looked over her shoulder for a brief glance, and without slowing down called back, "Just give me a minute, I've gotta... I'll be right back!" Melissa just stared after her, confused.

"Don't worry about her, I'm pretty sure I know where she's going," Maggie said with a snicker. At Kendra's puzzled expression, she continued, "Come on, you were standing right next to her, you must've noticed."

"Yeah, I was right behind her," Audrey added. "She was trying really hard to hide it but near the end I could totally tell. I hope the cameras didn't catch anything or she's gonna be so embarrassed."

"Well it's her own fault," Maggie pointed out with a shrug. "I mean, after this long she should totally know better."

"Know what? What are you guys talking about?" Melissa asked, now even more confused.

"You really are an airhead sometimes. She's going to the bathroom, silly," Audrey pointed out. "Remember how she asked where it was before the game?"

"Oh yeah, I forgot about that," Maggie added. "Wow, I guess she must have been holding it the whole time."

"Uh-huh. And it's been almost two whole hours, and she had all that soda on the bus too. I'll bet Kendra's really gotta go."

Mercifully Kendra herself didn't hear her fellow cheerleaders' assessment, as she was already at the end of the hall and out of earshot. Then she turned the corner, and as soon as she was out of sight, she reached under her bright red pleated cheerleading skirt and jammed her hand against her bright red cheerleading panties. Clutching herself as hard as she could and taking a moment to catch her breath, she let out a little whining sound and confirmed Audrey's assesment. "I really really <i>really</i> gotta go!"

With her hand still planted between her thighs, Kendra trotted down the hall as fast as she dared. Even so, she could feel her extremely full bladder bouncing with every step, an uncomfortable and very insistent reminder of just how bad she had to go. The hallway began to curve, and she scanned the walls for any hint of a bathroom door or directions that might lead her to one, all the while telling herself over and over, "Just a little more... just a bit farther... just a little bit longer..." But there was no sign of any bathroom whatsoever, and Kendra's desperation was getting worse and worse.

At last the hallway opened up onto a wide open room, with big double doors on one side flanked by a pair of long staircases leading to the upper floor. It was the main lobby, and Kendra felt a glimmer of hope. There would definitely be bathrooms here in the lobby, if she could just reach them in time. "Almost there," she told herself once again, her voice quivering as she struggled to hold the contents of her overflowing bladder safely inside, "Just... a little... bit... more..."

Her breathing grew ragged as she looked frantically around the lobby, clutching herself and scanning the walls. Then she saw it, right across the room: A bright pink sign backlit by a dim lightbulb, bearing the universal "ladies' room" symbol. Smiling, she staggered over to it, and then she saw the arrow on the sign, pointing up. So she looked up, to where the same symbol in the same shade of pink adorned a door right at the top of the long curving stairway. It was only about 20 feet away, but to Kendra all those stairs looked as formidable as a mountain. But it was her only hope, so with another little whimper she went to the staircase, steadied herself, rearranged the hand planted between her thighs as firmly as she could, and took the first step.

But at that moment there was a loud noise, and she looked up to see the big double doors swing open and a wave of people emerge. One of them looked her way, and instinctively she jerked her hand away from her panties before anyone could see it. She looked back up to the top of the stairs, where more people were entering the lobby through another set of doors. With the game finished, the entire crowd from the stadium was trying to leave all at once, and in seconds the whole lobby would be packed. Even worse, at least three women had already entered the upstairs bathroom. Even if Kendra managed to climb the stairs now (a risky prospect even a few seconds ago when she was shamelessly holding herself under her skirt, and downright perilous now that she wasn't) the bathroom was just sure to be packed by the time she got there, with a line stretching right out the door, and there was simply no way she could wait her turn.

With her last hope of making it to the bathroom in time cruelly ripped away, Kendra could only stand there at the bottom of the stairs, quivering with a combination of the effort of holding it dread at the thought of what was about to happen when she just couldn't hold it any longer. If she got caught in that flood of people, there was no way she could keep from flooding her panties right in front of everybody! That horrible thought sent her into panicked motion, turning and dashing away from the onrushing wall of bodies as fast as she could without losing control right then and there.

Hardly even aware of where she was going and thinking only of the need to get away from the crowd, Kendra rushed down a small side passage, ignoring the big "employees only" sign on the wall. Seeing a small unmarked door, she grabbed the handle without hesitation. It stuck, and she whimpered again, rattling the uncooperative thing until it finally turned. She shoved the door open and slipped inside, then shut it behind her and allowed herself a quick surge of relief at being safely away from the crowd and no longer in danger of having a disastrous highly public accident.

She was, however, still in imminent danger of having an accident. Immediately shoving both hands into her crotch and squeezing as hard as she could once again, she looked around, and what she saw was not encouraging. She was in a tiny storage closet of some sort, so small that she could touch all four walls at once by extending her arms. There was a table or low bench against one wall, with what looked like a large box sitting on it. The only illumination was a little ray of light that leaked in under the door.

"Ohhh... now what...?" Kendra squealed, but the only response was yet another wave of desperation from downstairs, and all at once she knew that the only choice she had left was between going back outside and having a huge public accident and completely wetting her panties in front of the whole crowd, staying in here and wetting her panties in private, or removing her panties and relieving herself all over the floor. She could hardly stand the thought, but it was better than wetting herself, so with a deep breath and another whimper, Kendra gripped the sides of her panties and began to pull them down.

But before she could lower them more than an inch, the door handle behind her started to rattle. There was a muffled male voice from outside, and Kendra's heart leaped into her throat as she realized what was about to happen. She grabbed the handle with both hands, keeping it from turning. The handle jerked in her hands, the voice got louder, and now she could make out, "What's the matter here? This lousy thing stuck?" At the same time, yet another surge of desperation struck, this one more intense than ever. She squeezed her thighs together, struggling as hard as she could to hold it, but she could tell she was only seconds away from completely losing control and having a huge accident.

"Is someone in there?" the voice called through the door, starting to sound confused. Kendra's whole body trembled with the effort of holding it, and the agony in her bladder wasn't letting up at all. "There better not be some lousy punk screwing around in there!" this time the annoyed voice came from down near the floor, and she could see the shadow in the light under the door shift as whoever it was out there tried to look under the door to see if there really was somebody inside.

Panicking again, Kendra jumped up to keep from being seen, balacing on the edge of the table with one foot and bracing her arms against the walls, trying to ignore the surge of protest from her bursting bladder at this sudden movement. She heard a disappointed muttering from outside the door, and for a moment allowed herself to hope that the person was about to go away and leave her alone. But then the handle started rattling again, and she had to grab it to hold the door closed, which forced her to place her other foot on the other side of the table, straddling the box and leaning forward to reach the handle.

Then she felt the first squirt slip out, a tiny trickle of warm wetness that dampened the crotch of her panties like a sneak preview of the gigantic flood that was just about to come out at any moment. With her legs spread wide open and her hands full with the door handle, all that stood between that barely contained flood and her panties was the squeezing of Kendra's exhausted sphinter muscles. She squeezed even harder, but she could feel her last shreds of control slipping away.

Another little squirt escaped, with a brief but distinct hissing noise that echoed in the tiny darkened closet until it seemed to completely fill her ears. Kendra squeezed her eyes shut, focusing all her attention on the terrific struggle in her aching crotch, and once again she managed to stop the flow. But all her tremendous effort could only hold back the inevitable for another moment.

The hissing trickle started once again, this time accompanied by a wave of despair as the awful yet undeniable truth hit her: Kendra's bladder was simply way too full, she had already been holding it way too long, and there was absolutely no way she could hold it any longer. "Oh no..." she breathed in a soft shrill moan at the warm feeling of wetness spreading across her crotch, and she began to sob helplessly. The stream grew stronger and stronger, the sound grew louder and louder, and her panties got wetter and wetter until they were completely soaked. Then the first drops began to fall, making a clear metallic *plink* that gradually turned into vaguely musical tinkling as the drops merged into a little trickle of their own, and finally a lively splashing sound. But with the hissing sound still echoing all around her like a raging waterfall, Kendra hardly heard any of it.

When her bladder had finally emptied itself and her sobbing faded to the occasional sniffle, Kendra at last began to stir. Her hands were still gripping the door handle, which had ceased to rattle at all. Eventually the thought occurred to her that whoever had tried to come in would probably be back eventually, and that she really didn't want to be here when that happened. With a few last sniffles she gingerly lowered herself to the floor and tried to decide what to do next.

The strong tangy fragrance filling the air and the clammy feeling of the soaking wet panties on her butt convinced her that the first thing she had to do was get rid of the evidence of her huge accident. She peeled off the soggy underwear, wincing at the feeling of the fabric clinging to her skin, then reached over to the box on the table and dropped her panties into it with a soft *plop*. Carefully opening the door to peek out and confirm that the crowd was gone and the coast was clear, she took a few calming breaths and stepped outside. Shivering at the feeling of cool air against her damp, bare bottom, she shut the door behind her and walked away, leaving the results of her awful accident behind her... for now

TBC!

*003*2014-02-08 12:28

It took a little longer than expected, but here's the first update, now with the originally planned ending.

The Championship Cup

"And after all that they didn't even win!" Maggie complained, stomping into the staging area with a sullen look of disappointment.

"I know! And after we worked so hard, too," Melissa agreed, plopping down on the bench next to her.

"Well... it's not like we had anything to do with it, but yeah, it's a big letdown." The rest of the cheerleaders seemed to share Maggie's sentiment, grumbling softly about the game's outcome as they shuffled in from the field. The Warm Springs Cascades had just lost the division championship to the Capital City Crushers in an extremely close double overtime game, and the Warm Springs cheerleading squad was understandably disappointed. Most, like Maggie, were standing around and complaining to each other about the game's outcome. One particular cheerleader, however, had something else on her mind. Something much more urgent.

Melissa happened to look up just as that preoccupied cheerleader trotted past, "Oh, Kendra," she called out with a big sweet smile, "Where are you going? Don't you remember? The coach said they want everybody back on the field in a few minutes for the ceremony where they present the Championship Cup."

Kendra glanced over her shoulder, gave a quick forced smile and called back, "Just give me a minute, I've gotta... I'll be right back!" Melissa only stared after her in confusion as Kendra kept right on going without slowing down at all, headed for the door that led back to the stadium's main hallway.

"Don't worry about her, I'm pretty sure I know where she's going," Maggie said with a snicker. Seeing Melissa's puzzled expression, she continued, "Come on, you were right next to her the whole game. You must've noticed."

"Yeah, I was right behind her and it was pretty obvious," Audrey added, sitting down beside the other two girls. "She was trying to hide it but near the end I could totally tell. I hope she isn't too embarrassed or anything."

"Well it's her own fault," Maggie pointed out sharply. "I mean, she's been a cheerleader for almost a year now. She should totally know better."

"Know what? What are you guys talking about?" Melissa asked, now even more confused.

"You really are an airhead sometimes. She's going to the bathroom, silly," Audrey pointed out. "Remember how she asked where it was before the game?"

"Oh yeah, I forgot about that," Maggie added. "Do you really think she's been holding it the whole time?"

"Well she wouldn't have asked if she didn't have to go pretty bad already. And remember how she drank that whole can of energy drink on the bus?"

"You're right. Wow, and that was over three hours ago. I guess Kendra's really gotta go."

Mercifully, Kendra herself did not hear her fellow cheerleaders' assessment of her situation, as she was out of earshot, already pushing through the door into the stadium's main hallway. As soon as she was out of sight, she reached under her bright red pleated cheerleading skirt and jammed her hand against her bright red cheerleading panties. Shamelessly holding herself and taking a moment to catch her breath, she let out a little whining sound, followed by a moan that confirmed Audrey's assesment, "I really really gotta go!"

With her hand still planted firmly between her thighs, Kendra trotted down the hall as fast as she dared, telling herself for what felt like the millionth time, "I just gotta hold it a little longer," exactly as she had told herself over and over throughout the entire interminable double overtime football game. Kendra had indeed been holding it the whole time, just as Audrey and Maggie cheerfully informed Melissa only moments earlier, but the true severity of her desperation was far beyond what her fellow cheerleaders imagined.

"Why did I have to drink all that soda earlier?" she whined, just as she had over and over throughout the game. Kendra knew exactly why, of course: a late night cram session followed by an early morning class, which left her feeling sluggish and lethargic all day. Knowing that she had to be in top condition for the big championship game, she sought to alleviate her fatigue with a visit to a nearby fast food place on her way home, hoping that a quick burst of carbs and the caffeine from an extra-large soda would be just the pick-me-up that she needed. It worked, at least a little, and before leaving she refilled her empty soda cup, then promptly drained it once again on the way home. And the thought of what might happen when it was time for all that soda to come back out never even crossed her mind.

"Why didn't I go to the bathroom when I had the chance?" she moaned yet again, thinking back with a surge of regret to how she had a perfectly good chance to relieve herself and how she foolishly passed it up. After getting home and changing into her cheerleading outfit and getting all ready to go, Kendra was just stepping out the door when she felt a little twinge from downstairs, the first faint signal that it was about time for a visit to the ladies' room. She even considered heading back inside for a quick bathroom break, but her earlier pit stop had already left her running a bit behind schedule, and she really didn't want to make everybody wait for her, and anyway there would be plenty of time for her to use the bathroom on the bus on the way to the game. So she ignored that little warning sign and headed off.

And now here she was, rushing through the unfamiliar stadium halls in search of a bathroom, in the throes of the most extreme desperation she had ever endured in her life. At last the hallway opened up onto a wide open room, with big double doors on one side flanked by a pair of long staircases leading to the upper floor. It was the main lobby, and Kendra felt a glimmer of hope. There would definitely be bathrooms here in the lobby, if she could just reach them in time. "Almost there," she told herself once again, her voice quivering as she struggled to keep the contents of her overflowing bladder safely inside, "Just... a little... bit... more..."

Her breathing grew ragged as she looked frantically around the lobby, clutching herself and scanning the walls. Then she saw it, right across the room: A bright pink sign backlit by a dim lightbulb, bearing the universal "ladies' room" symbol. Smiling, she staggered over to it, and then she saw the arrow on the sign, pointing up. So she looked up, to where the same symbol in the same shade of pink adorned a door right at the top of the long curving stairway. It was only about 20 feet away, but to Kendra all those stairs looked as formidable as a mountain. Still, climbing those stairs was her only hope of reaching relief before it was too late, so with another little whimper she went to the staircase, steadied herself, rearranged the hand planted between her thighs, and took the first step.

But at that moment there was a loud noise, and she looked up to see the big double doors swing open and a wave of people emerge. One of them looked her way, and instinctively she jerked her hand away from her panties before anyone could see it. She looked back up to the top of the stairs, where more people were entering the lobby through another set of doors. With the game finished, the entire crowd from the stadium was trying to leave all at once, and in seconds the whole lobby would be packed. Even worse, at least three women had already entered the upstairs bathroom. Even if Kendra managed to climb the stairs now (a risky prospect even a few seconds ago when she was shamelessly holding herself under her skirt, and downright perilous now that she wasn't) the bathroom was just sure to be packed by the time she got there, with a line stretching right out the door, and there was simply no way she could wait her turn.

With her last hope of making it to the bathroom in time cruelly ripped away, Kendra could only stand there at the bottom of the stairs, quivering with a combination of the effort of holding it dread at the thought of what was about to happen when she just couldn't hold it any longer. If she got caught in that flood of people, there was no way she could keep from flooding her panties right in front of everybody! That horrible thought sent her into panicked motion, turning and dashing away from the onrushing wall of bodies as fast as she could without losing control right then and there.

Hardly even aware of where she was going and thinking only of the need to get away from the crowd, Kendra rushed down a small side passage, ignoring the big "employees only" sign on the wall. Seeing a small unmarked door, she grabbed the handle without hesitation. It stuck, and she whimpered again, rattling the uncooperative thing until it finally turned. She shoved the door open and slipped inside, then shut it behind her and allowed herself a quick surge of relief at being safely away from the crowd and no longer in danger of having a disastrous highly public accident.

She was, however, still in imminent danger of having an accident. Immediately shoving both hands into her crotch and squeezing as hard as she could once again, she looked around, and what she saw was not encouraging. She was in a tiny storage closet of some sort, so small that she could touch all four walls at once by extending her arms. There was a table or low bench against one wall, with what looked like a large box sitting on it. The only illumination was a little ray of light that leaked in under the door.

"Ohhh... now what...?" Kendra squealed, but the only response was yet another wave of desperation from downstairs, and all at once she knew that the only choice she had left was between going back outside and having a huge public accident and completely wetting her panties in front of the whole crowd, staying in here and wetting her panties in private, or removing her panties and relieving herself all over the floor. She could hardly stand the thought, but it was better than wetting herself, so with a deep breath and another whimper, Kendra gripped the sides of her panties and began to pull them down.

But before she could lower them more than an inch, the door handle behind her started to rattle. There was a muffled male voice from outside, and Kendra's heart leaped into her throat as she realized what was about to happen. She grabbed the handle with both hands, keeping it from turning. The handle jerked in her hands, the voice got louder, and now she could make out, "What's the matter here? This lousy thing stuck?" At the same time, yet another surge of desperation struck, this one more intense than ever. She squeezed her thighs together, struggling as hard as she could to hold it, but she could tell she was only seconds away from completely losing control and having a huge accident.

"Is someone in there?" the voice called through the door, starting to sound confused. Kendra's whole body trembled with the effort of holding it, and the agony in her bladder wasn't letting up at all. "There better not be some lousy punk screwing around in there!" this time the annoyed voice came from down near the floor, and she could see the shadow in the light under the door shift as whoever it was out there tried to look under the door to see if there really was somebody inside.

Panicking again, Kendra jumped up to keep from being seen, balacing on the edge of the table with one foot and bracing her arms against the walls, trying to ignore the surge of protest from her bursting bladder at this sudden movement. She heard a disappointed muttering from outside the door, and for a moment allowed herself to hope that the person was about to go away and leave her alone. But then the handle started rattling again, and she had to grab it to hold the door closed, which forced her to place her other foot on the other side of the table, straddling the box and leaning forward to reach the handle.

Then she felt the first squirt slip out, a tiny trickle of warm wetness that dampened the crotch of her panties like a sneak preview of the gigantic flood that was just about to come out at any moment. With her legs spread wide open and her hands full with the door handle, all that stood between that barely contained flood and her panties was the squeezing of Kendra's exhausted sphinter muscles. She squeezed even harder, but she could feel her last shreds of control slipping away.

Another little squirt escaped, with a brief but distinct hissing noise that echoed in the tiny darkened closet until it seemed to completely fill her ears. Kendra squeezed her eyes shut, focusing all her attention on the terrific struggle in her aching crotch, and once again she managed to stop the flow. But all her tremendous effort could only hold back the inevitable for another moment.

The hissing trickle started once again, this time accompanied by a wave of despair as the awful yet undeniable truth hit her: Kendra's bladder was simply way too full, she had already been holding it way too long, and there was absolutely no way she could hold it any longer. "Oh no..." she breathed in a soft shrill moan at the warm feeling of wetness spreading across her crotch, and she began to sob helplessly. The stream grew stronger and stronger, the sound grew louder and louder, and her panties got wetter and wetter until they were completely soaked. Then the first drops began to fall, making a clear metallic *plink* that gradually turned into vaguely musical tinkling as the drops merged into a little trickle of their own, and finally a lively splashing sound. But with the hissing sound still echoing all around her like a raging waterfall, Kendra hardly heard any of it.

When her bladder had finally emptied itself and her sobbing faded to the occasional sniffle, Kendra at last began to stir. Her hands were still gripping the door handle, which had ceased to rattle at all. Eventually the thought occurred to her that whoever had tried to come in would probably be back eventually, and that she really didn't want to be here when that happened. With a few last sniffles she gingerly lowered herself to the floor and tried to decide what to do next. The strong tangy fragrance filling the air and the clammy feeling of the soaking wet panties on her butt convinced her that the first thing she had to do was get rid of the evidence of her huge accident.

She peeled off the soggy underwear, wincing at the way the fabric clung to her skin, then reached over to the box on the table and dropped her panties into it with a soft *plop*. Carefully opening the door to peek out and confirm that the crowd was gone and the coast was clear, she took a few calming breaths and tugged her skirt down as best she could, then stepped outside. Shivering at the feeling of cool air against her damp, bare bottom, she shut the door behind her and hurried back though the lobby to the staging area, eager to put the memory of her awful accident behind her.

The trip back was much faster, and Kendra was really glad that she didn't run into anyone on the way. She was really hoping that she could make it all the way back to the bus and get changed without meeting any of the other cheerleaders and having to come up with an explanation for what happened to her panties. But as soon as she got to the staging area, they were all right there waiting for her.

"Kendra! You're just in time!" Melissa exclaimed as soon as she opened the door. "Come on, they're just about to start. We were starting to get worried you wouldn't get back in time. Good thing you weren't late, huh?" she gushed, taking Kendra by the hand and leading her over to the door that led back onto the field. Kendra could only sputter incoherently, pressing her free hand into her skirt to keep it firmly in place. It was only when the door opened and she saw both teams lined up outside on the field that she remembered about the award ceremony.

Then there was nothing she could do but smile and follow her fellow cheerleaders to stand behind their players and wait, struggling to keep the stiff breeze from lifting her skirt at all. Most of the fans were gone, with only a few diehards left in the Capital City season ticket section, but the television cameras were all still there, and they were still recordng. Kendra couldn't help but imagine what the headlines would say if one of those cameras happened to get a glimpse under her skirt.

Eventually a middle-aged man that Kendra recognized vaguely as the league chairman or something arrived to start the congratulatory speech. His voice sounded strangely familiar, but she ignored what he was saying and stayed focused on keeping her skirt safely in place, until he pulled a tarp off the table behind him to reveal the Championship Cup. She looked up then, and saw a box.

A very familiar box.

Kendra gasped, going pale as she suddenly recognized the box and the chairman's voice at the same time. She froze, and Melissa glanced over at her with a curious look. The captain of the Crushers stepped forward to lift his team's trophy, and Kendra started to panic as she realized what was about to happen, but there was nothing she could do to stop it. Helplessly she watched the grinning captain reach into the box and lift the Championship Cup over his head with a big cheer. But his cheer was interrupted.

A great golden wave sloshed out over the rim of the trophy's bowl and seemed to hang in the air, sparkling in the bright stadium lights for a moment, before dousing the whole team with a huge splash. They all stood there, stunned and dripping, and after a moment the unmistakable tangy scent wafted out over everyone. Then something bright red fell out of the Cup and landed on the captain's face. He plucked it away, and everyone could see that it was a pair of panties.

Kendra's soaking wet cheerleading panties.

The whole stadium erupted in riotous laughter, especially the Cascades players and the Cascades cheerleaders, who all howled at the spectacular and totally unexpected humiliation that their rivals had just been dealt at their very moment of triumph. All but Kendra, who simply stood and stared in shock at the sight of her own soaking wet panties being held aloft right in front of her.

As the officials rushed forward to intervene, Melissa turned and said with breathless awe, "Wow Kendra, that was a teriffic prank!"

