Too many Little Girls

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2013-11-24 22:32

I really had to go -- I mean really. I hated the bathrooms at school, and usually sneaked a pee in the shower after gym class; but today we were late getting in to the locker room, so I had to forego both shower and pee. So now I really had to go, and every bump in the road was magnified by the school bus springs into agony in my distended bladder. I hadn't wet my pants since seventh grade; surely as a High school freshman I wasn't going to humiliate myself again. Surely not!

Here was my stop. I was going to make it. Agony, agony, every step off the bus was agony; the house was a thousand miles away; the damn key wouldn't turn in the lock. Finally, in at last. I dropped my books on the hall table and headed as fast as I dared toward the bathroom.

"Surprise!" Half a dozen high pitched voices screamed in chorus, while a dozen little hands grabbed me and wrestled me to the floor. "Tickle him! Tickle him! I heard my little sister shouted, and as those dozen hands found my ribs, my own screams joined the babble of a pile of giggling little girls.

They tickled and I thrashed about uncontrollably, screaming for them to stop. And that's when I felt it. My crotch was getting warm; I was peeing my pants. "He's peeing his pants!" one little girl shouted, and twelve little hands covered six little wide open mouths as six little she-daemons stood still and stared in awe. I finally stopped peeing, and as I picked myself to my feet, various little commentators announced to the world I could very well feel in my pants.

"Timmy peed himself!"

"He wet his pants!"

"His bottom is soaked!"

"Look, pee's running down his leg!" This the final indignity: Peeing my pants in front of my little sister and a whole gang of her friends.

Now, I loved my sister; we got along well. But I was 15 and she was 12; we moved in different circles. Still, I thought it was kind of cute when they all came over for a sleepover how they all flirted with me. Male ego, of course. And now I'd peed my pants in front of them all. Good grief, Charlie Brown.

"Diaper him." This from a freckle-faced red head with her first training bra. "I know how; I diaper my baby brother all the time."

"Wait a minute," I objected; "I'm too big for a...." But majority ruled, and I found myself back on the floor, with six giggling girls trying to unfasten my pants.

Now, a fifteen year old boy ought to be able to fight off a twelve year old girl, even two, even three; but six. There were just too many hands. I lost my pants, then, after a brief tug of war, my underpants. "He peed all over himself!"

"His underpants are still warm! Tee hee hee hee."

I felt cool air on my wet privates, and covered myself as best I could.

I never found out where they got the diaper, but they did.

"Wipe him off."

"Powder his bottom, so he doesn't get a rash."

"Watch his peepee when you turn him over." Humiliating!

In no time my privates were dried off, my bottom powdered -- I thought a couple of my pubescent tormentors enjoyed it just a bit too much -- legs up, diaper slid under my bottom and fastened into place.

I had decided that my only hope was to give up and hope the adolescent tribe would tire of their game, now that they had accomplished their stated end. I stood up. "How about some pants here." I suggested. My sister started for my bedroom, but was stopped by the red haired devilette: "Let him stay in diapers."

"Make him wet his diaper."

"Make him drink water and pee himself again!"

"Then we can spank him!" I knew way down in my pants -- I mean my diaper -- that it would be a long afternoon.

"Here; drink."

