One Direction The Contest

Author: adorable

*000*2013-02-18 21:01

One Direction was on tour, they had a full week of driving ahead of them. They were bored so they decided to play some games they found on the internet. "I'm bored, what game is next?" Lou whined. "The next one is a Contest." Zayn replied, "What kind of contest?" Harry asked. "A Pee-Holding Contest." Zayn answered surprised. "Ok....What are the rules?" Niall asked worriedly, he knew he had a weak bladder. "Um..It says we drink the same amount of water or any drink, only the winner gets to use the toilet when all the others have wet themselves." Zayn replied. "This is a wierd game, but I'm bored so let's play!" Louis said. Harry was also nervous he knew he couldn't win this contest.

"Ok, we should all go before we start." Liam suggested. All the boys went to the bathroom and came back and sat on the couch. "So how much are we going to drink?" Harry asked nervously. "The website recommends we drink one glass each hour." Zayn replied. "K." Niall said. The boys each got a glass of water and drank it and sat back down. "What do we do while we wait?" Lou asked. "We could watch a movie." Liam said. "Ok." Zayn replied. Liam put in Toy Story and they all watched for an hour when they paused it and got another glass of water and drank it, and resumed watching the movie about a 1/2 hour later it ended, "Do any of you need to go yet?" Lou asked. All the boys said No. They all talked for about 10 minutes. Niall felt a twinge in his bladder, "Oh No! Not yet!" He thought. "You alright Niall? You look worried," Zayn questioned, he knew he had a good chance of winning this. "I'm Fine." Niall replied, he really didn't want to be the first one to wet himself.

Harry also felt his bladder filling but didn't say anything. The third hour came and they got up to get more water. Niall heard the water running and it made his need much worse he crossed his legs while filling up his cup. Harry also fidgeted a bit while filling his cup. Zayn saw this and knew they would be the first ones out. When everyone was done their water they went back to the couch. Lou felt his bladder twinge and Liam did shortly after. Niall was now fidgeting constantly, his need was all he could focus on, Harry also ocaisionally moved around. "I think someome needs a wee!" Lou said gesturing to Niall. "No." He replied being as still as possible. "If you say so." Zayn said cheekily. Harry was trying not to move around but he couldn't help it. "Looks like Harry gotta go too." Zayn added. Harry blushed and looked away. Niall squirmed in his seat, doing everything he could to not grab his crotch. Harry squirmed around too.

"Niall and Harry will be first to wet themselves." Zayn wispered to Lou. Lou chuckled and watched them, but it was making him worse he was fidgetting too now, Liam had to go but he wouldn't show it, yet. Zayn felt the first twinge in his bladder as well. Another hour was up, they got more water. Niall pressed his legs together as he walked, when the water started running he had to grab his crotch to prevent a leak, "I hope nobody saw that" He thought. Zayn did and smiled, he knew he would win. Harry also grabbed his crotch. Lou crossed his legs and Liam pressed his legs together as much as he could, Zayn did nothing. They went back and Niall was gripping his crotch as tight as he could, trying not to lose, Harry was too but only sometimes. Lou had to go pretty bad now too, he had his legs crossed shaking them. "I have to wee." Lou whined. Zayn chuckled, "Me too." Harry said grabbing his crotch. "I can see that." Liam said bobbing his leg up and down.

Niall didn't say a thing he was too focused on his bladder, he lost a few drops, he whimpered. "What's wrong Ni." Asked Zayn even though he knew the answer. "Ineedtopee." he said quickly. He lost another spurt, making a quarter-sized wet patch on his jeans. The boys saw this and left him alone. Harry now had his crotch in a death-grip, with both hands, Lou was squirming in his seat now and Liam had his legs crossed. Zayn shifted a bit and fidgeted a bit. Niall couldn't take it anymore and his bladder released all over the chair he was sitting on, he started to silently cry. "It's ok Nialler it will happen to 4 of us, don't cry." Liam said. Niall calmed down a bit realizing he wouldn't be the only one and went to get cleaned up.

Harry let out a gasp as he lost a three-second spurt. Lou grabbed his crotch now too and Liam squirmed around. Zayn was still determined to win trying not to show weakness but he shifted around and pressed his legs together. Another hour was up as soon as Harry stood up his bladder couldn't take it and released all over the floor. Lou grabbed his crotch with both hands and waddled over. The water started running and Lou bent over as he lost a bit of pee, the wet patch spreading almost to his knee, "Oh my god! I'm peeing!" Lou shouted. He gave up and let go all over the floor. "It's just you and me left." Zayn said crossing his legs as he filled up his water, "Yup." Liam said weakly. "I can't wet myself." Liam thought. They finished there water and sat back down, Zayn would never admit this but he liked to see the boys desperate.

Liam grabbed his crotch to keep everything inside him, he would not give up! Zayn was squirming too now. Liam was starting to doubt himself. "I don't know if I can do this much longer." Liam said, "Then give up." Zayn said trying not to sound desperate, he was doing everything he could to not grab his crotch. Liam shook his head using every muscle to hold in his pee. Niall and Harry were already cleaned up and watching it. "How can they hold it this long?" Niall asked Harry, "I really don't know." Harry replied with a chuckle. Zayn grabbed hid crotch as a wave of desperation came over him.

"Shit!" Zayn shouted. Liam lost a few drops but it didn't show, he was doing a full potty-dance holding it in. Zayn was grabbing his crotch now too. Liam involuntarily was letting out a small stream and the wet spot was growing fast it was the size of the baseball when he painfully cut off the stream . Zayn was dancing a bit too, but would not give up. Liam couldn't help it anymore and had to let go. "Thank god!" Zayn said sounding relieved. He stood up and started to waddle off to the bathroom. "Oh No you don't!" Lou said as they grabbed him and sat him back down. "We wet ourselves and you will too!" Harry said. Zayn lost a few drops from the sudden movement but contained the rest. Lou sat on him and all the boys tickled him wildly, Zayn squirmed and tried to get up but it was no use he was wetting himself. Liam and Zayn got cleaned up and went back with the others. "Well that was.......fun." Lou said. "Yeah, let's do it again sometime." Zayn added quietly. "Ok." Liam replied.

The End!

*002*2013-02-24 19:48

{{: 

Mm, this is hot. ;) haha, I loved it.

}}

Thanks!

