Shinji's newfound Power - an AI assisted Story with Images (Fate Unlimited Blade Works)

Author: HypnoMangaEditor

*000*2022-11-15 07:18

Hi! I don't want to annoy you with a long introduction, so I try to keep it short. This Story takes place after what happens in the Anime Fate Unlimited Blade works. Knowing the Story and characters will be beneficial in enjoying this story.

It's always fun to test out new technology when it comes out. Back when Live2D came out, I created an animation, I used Photoshop to create 2 Videos and now I created this story, which is AI-assisted. This means I wrote it with Novel AI, taking some of its suggestions and changing it around if it didn't fit. AI is not perfect, but it can be helpful, especially when you have a baseline story and want to add more fluff around it. When the story was finished, I went back to it and went over it again, rewriting some stuff, cutting out other things, and so on. So I can say the story is mostly mine, but Novel Ai assisted. Part 1, as the introduction, contains no AI interference at all. It was written as the Baseline of the Story on which the AI can base decisions.

The Images to accompany the Story were created by Novel AI's image creator. I've been using these tools only for 5 days, but I find the results astonishingly good, especially considering that the story and Images were created in 3 of those 5 days. Most of the Images are unedited, but I edited the Part 3 Blackboard image with the text, the part 4 mirror image to include the picture in the background of the mirror, and the Part 6 smartphone photo to include the picture visible and the play Icon.

Well then, enjoy!

Part 1:

______________________________________

Shinji woke up. The aftermath of the Holy Grail war saw him being rescued by Tohsaka and Emiya, even though they had fought at every opportunity. He had been betrayed, first by losing his Servant, Rider, then by Gilgamesh, who had been fighting for his own goals since he was brought to this world in the previous Grail war.

Feeling sick to his stomach, he remembered that he was almost turned into the abomination called the holy grail, but more than that, the feeling of being indebted to his rescuers made his stomach turn. In a sudden surge of rage, he threw the cup he was drinking from at the wall, then proceeded to trash his room.

"Tohsaka, Tohsaka, Tohsaka!!! It's all her fault! Why won't she obey me? Why did she rescue me? I'd rather have died than be saved!"

His magical circuit had burned out, a side effect of the holy grail abomination draining his power. With no magic power left, he couldn't cast spells, and Vengeance against Emiya and Tohsaka looked like a far-away goal that couldn't be realized without it.

Shinji was about to smash a chair when his eyes fell upon a letter on his desk. He didn't notice it earlier, but having thrashed most of the room beside the desk made the last intact furniture stand out. He swiped the letter from his desk and ripped it open.

"Shinji", it began, "if you are reading this letter, this means I have passed. Either by being betrayed by one of my Servants, or losing against my disciple ."

It was a letter written by Kotomine Kirei, the Magician that lent him Gilgamesh as a Servant. Kotomine had ambitions and a talent for deception, but his plans were ultimately foiled when his Servant Lancer betrayed and killed him. Shinji was there. He watched him die. Even though they were only Allies for a short while, they still worked together.

"You are likely to not have won this war", he started. "And if that holds true, either Emiya or Tohsaka are still alive, having beaten whatever plot Gilgamesh was planning in that head of his. I have been unable to contain him for a while now. He requested to serve either you, the Einzbern girl, or Tohsaka. My calculations were that giving him to you posed the least risk to my plans, but that doesn't matter now."

So he was used by Kotomine as well. About to rip apart the letter, his eyes fell upon the next paragraph.

"The outcome is probably not what you expected it to be."

He was right about that. If he had transformed into the holy grail, he would have had a chance to at least take Tohsaka with him.

"I have prepared something for you that will ease your pain, maybe even pay you back for having used you, and if I am to die at my disciple's hand, you may be able to exact revenge on my behalf as well."

Even in Death, Kotomine manipulated things to fit into his plans.

"Go to the Church I served at and look in my room on the second floor. My Desk drawer has a hidden compartment. You will find a book there. Read it."

Shinji knew, that there were books out there containing a lot of power. Using these required magic power he didn't have anymore.

"Don't worry about the requirements", the letter continued. "You will be fine. If you still desire Tohsaka or want exact revenge on her or Emiya, this will help you. I leave the rest to you. Kotomine Kirei."

***

***

Finding the book wasn't hard. The instructions had been precise and the Church was void of any living being that could stop him from searching its priest's chambers. The book, wrapped in a piece of cloth, revealed an intricate cover with ornate letters written in an indecipherable language. Shinji opened the book and found its pages empty, aside from its first page.

"This is pointless. How should this help me? "

He looked at the first page and read its content. "'This book will eventually kill you. If you are not afraid of dying, you can gain immense power - at the price of your own lifespan.' What does this even mean?"

Frustrated, he wanted to toss the book away but noticed that the cover had changed to something he could read.

"Absolute Obedience."

With a loud bang, the door behind him slammed into its frame. The book lit up and started to glow, and a burst of air blew his hair back. He raised his hands, covering his eyes from the bright light and the wind.

"Du, der mich geweckt hat, höre meine Worte!"

The book started to speak. It sounded similar to the phrases in old magic books. Shinji had never learned that language, but he could somehow understand what the book was saying nevertheless.

"Dein Leben gehört mir! Deine Feinde sind meine Feinde. Meine Macht ist deine Macht."

Shinji was enveloped in a purple glow when the book formed a contract with him. The light and airflow were getting more intense, the Voice louder.

"Niemand kann sich meinen Worten widersetzen. Niemand kann sich deinen Worten widersetzen."

The room was now painted in a bright white. Then, suddenly, it was gone. Shinji could again see the content of the priest's room with the book floating in front of him. He heard a voice whisper to him in his mind and raised his hand towards it.

"Gehorche!"

The book floated into his hands, then vanished. A grin formed on Shinji's face. He had obtained the means to exact his revenge.

***

Part 2:

______________________________________

It was bothersome to go through a whole day of school with Tohsaka and Emiya around, but it was also the best chance to get them alone by asking them to meet after school. To not get interrupted, he had to get the key for it though. He opened the door to the teacher's lobby and looked straight into Fujimura Sensei's face. There was no one else in the room.

"Matou-san, you have to knock before you enter a room. At least have some mann..."

"Give me the Key to the second-floor classroom 2-3. Gehorche!"

Fujimura Sensei's eyes started shining with a purple glow. She turned around and grabbed a key from the wall, then handed it to Shinji.

"Here you go, Matou-san."

Shinji smiled evilly, then looked at the stack of papers at her desk.

"Are these the tests for your class? Let me look at them."

Without any hesitation, Fujimura Sensei handed him the exam papers. He went through them and found the tests that both Emiya and Tohsaka turned in. Their grades were good, with Tohsaka even getting an A, while Emiya managed to get a B.

An idea flashed through his mind as he turned towards the tests. Shinji took a look at an empty cup of coffee on the desk.

"There is hot coffee in this cup. Gehorche".

In an instant, the cup was glowing in a bright purple and filled with black liquid, visibly steaming because of its temperature.

"So it's not only people that I can change ...", he muttered, turning his attention back to the tests.

"Both Tohsaka and Emiya failed their tests. Gehorche!"

The test paper started to glow as he spoke, containing the same handwriting, but different answers. Their grades also changed to an F. Shinji had altered the exams without leaving any visible evidence. He put the papers back on the desk and turned back to Fujimura Sensei.

"Fujimura Sensei, when you give back the tests, you won't find it weird that they did so badly and will insist that these are the tests they turned in. As for me, I was never here, and once I close the door behind me, you will forget what happened in the last 5 minutes."

"Of course." She replied, sitting back down at her desk.

Shinji turned around and left the room, then looked around the hallway. Classes hadn't started yet, so there weren't a lot of pupils around. At the far end of the hallway, he recognized a classmate of Emiya and Tohsaka.

"Hey, aren't you in the same class as Tohsaka?"

"Uhm, yes, and you are?"

"That doesn't matter. Gehorche!"

Her eyes emitted the now usual purple glow as she turned towards Shinji.

"Of course, it doesn't matter. What can I do for you?"

***

Part 3:

______________________________________

Shinji was looking at a movie sent to his Phone. It showed Tohsaka receiving back her exam, visibly shocked by the results. She looked over her test and addressed Fujimura Sensei more than once, asking if this was her test.

"It's your handwriting, isn't it?"

"It is, but I can't remember writing these answers. It doesn't look like a test I turned in."

Fujimura Sensei sighed. "And what do you mean by that? If it is your name and your handwriting, it was written by you. I don't see anything wrong here."

"But ..."

"Tohsaka, it's just one test. It is disappointing, but you can still turn around and avoid failing class."

"Sensei, this is not a normal situation. It feels like someone has tampered with my test."

Fujimura looked at Tohsaka with a sad expression. "Do you think that someone would go so far for a simple test? Switching them out and imitating your handwriting?"

"I...", she stopped for a second, then shook her head.

"No, I know that sounds far-fetched but I'm not sure if there are any other possibilities."

"If you have seen something suspicious, let me know. Otherwise, this discussion ends here."

Shinji closes the recording, a satisfied smile on his face.

"I think it is about time."

Outside, the sound of footsteps and the voices of both Tohsaka and Emiya could be heard.

"I know someone was tinkering with my answers. I can see myself making a mistake here and there, but not to that amount. It's ridiculous!"

"But Tohsaka, why would someone switch our results and make us fail it? That sounds stupid."

Their conversation ended abruptly when they realized Shinji was standing in front of them.

"Having a bad day?", he asked.

Both of them just stare at him, then at their exam papers. Tohsaka holds them up into the air, then addressed Shinji.

"I was just wondering whether THIS was the reason why you wanted to talk to us two in private."

Shinji feigned ignorance.

"Not really. Tohsaka, enter the Classroom. Emiya, go clean the dojo, then go home and forget you ever met me here today. Gehorche!"

Tohsaka and Emiya's eyes started glowing purple. Emiya turns around and walks off towards the staircase, while Tohsaka followed Shinji inside the classroom. The door closed behind her and Shinji locks both of them inside with the key.

"Tohsaka, I want you to be conscious of this whole progress, but unable to resist any of my commands. Gehorche!"

At Shinji's command, Tohsaka's eyes were glowing again and her body started moving without her volition.

"I need you to write 'I, Tohsaka Rin am a pretentious little Brat that can't do anything without my master Shinji' on the blackboard."

"Have you gone mad? I'm out of here."

She slowly walked over to the blackboard where Shinji is standing, her arms picking up a piece of the chalk. Then started writing the words on the blackboard.

"What? Nooo! Why am I writing this ... It's writing it by itself!"

She finished writing the sentence, then looked angrily at Shinji.

"You ... you did something to me, didn't you?"

"Yes. I made it so you can't disobey my orders, no matter what."

Tohsaka stares at the sentence on the board.

"Why would you do that to me!? This makes no sense!"

Shinji laughs.

"Because I want to play with you. Now write 'I never pay attention in school, because I would rather play on the playground or watch kid shows on tv' on the board."

"But I don't want to write this!"

Turning around once more, she wrote a new sentence on the blackboard.

"No, it is happening again!"

Tohsaka closed her eyes and tried to resist, but was unable to break free of Shinji's control. Her hands continued to write on the board.

"This is ridiculous! Let me go!"

Shinji shook his head.

"Oh, we are just getting started."

"What!?"

She opened her eyes in fear.

"I want you to write 'I am scared of the Restroom, and that is why I can't enter it if I am by myself'."

Tohsaka hesitated, but her hand continued writing on the board.

"My hand is moving by itself again!!"

"Good job, Rin. Now write 'If I try to, I get nervous and wet myself on the spot'"

"Eeeeek! I can't stop it!"

Once more her hands moved and the sentence is written on the blackboard.

"I won't forgive you for this, Shinji! I swear to God, I will kill you!!"

"I'm looking forward to you trying. Now write 'I am unable to keep my bed dry at night and have never stopped wetting the bed. This, I do firmly believe, is the Truth'."

"NO!! I will never write that!"

Tohsaka started struggling but her hand once again moved to write on the blackboard against her wishes. Shinji laughed, then moved a chair directly opposite the board and pointed at it.

"Sit down. I want you to read everything you have written on the blackboard. Start from the beginning."

Tohsaka moved to the chair and sat down, a defiant look on her face."

"I won't do that!"

She desperately tried to fight against Shinji's control. She screamed at him, but the words coming out of her mouth are all gibberish. Her body continues to writhe as she fights, but she fails to break free.

"Why do you want me to humiliate myself like this!?"

Shinji grabbed her hair and pushed his face close to her.

"Because you are an annoying brat that thinks she is better than me. You are just a useless little girl with a bit of talent for Magic. But today, you have found your match."

His voice sounded as if he was getting angry himself. His eyes were burning with determination as he continued.

"And I'll have fun changing your mind."

He turned away and looked at the blackboard.

"And now, You will repeat what you have written down. Every time you say it, it will etch itself into your mind. Once you have repeated it a couple of times, you will believe every word of it."

Tohsaka's eyes opened widely in fear.

"Now start repeating the sentences! Gehorche!"

Tohsaka tried to move but was ultimately unable to stop herself from talking.

"I am scared of the restroom. And that is why I can't enter it if I am by myself"

Her mouth kept moving even though she didn't want to, saying what Shinji wanted her to.

"I have never been able to keep my bed dry at night and I have never stopped wetting the bed. I do firmly believe this is the truth"

Even though she didn't want to admit it, her voice repeated Shinji's words that she had written down.

"Again!"

She repeated the lines one more time, her voice echoing in her head and associating images with it. She could see herself wetting the bed in her mind, the stains spreading and soaking through her sheets. She could remember the scent of urine when she woke up. She could feel the sensation of wetness between her legs as she lay on the bed.

Shinji's eyes gleamed with pleasure as he watched Tohsaka's eyes open wide, her face flushed red. She was sweating heavily, her face turning pale.

"Again!"

Tohsaka keeps repeating the same phrases over and over again.

"I am scared of the restroom. I can't enter it if I am by myself."

"I have never been able to keep my bed dry at night and I have never stopped wetting the bed."

"Again!"

Her voice gets weaker and weaker until she can barely speak anymore.

"I can't stop it! I can't stop it!"

Her eyes are full of tears, her face is covered with a cold sweat.

"I can't stop repeating these words!!"

The words continue to echo in her head, her heart pounding loudly in her chest. Shinji took a step closer to Tohsaka. He put his right arm under her chin and lifted her face, her eyes still locked on the blackboard.

"SAY.IT.AGAIN!"

Tears streamed down her cheeks as she tried speaking with a hoarse throat. Her lips repeated the same words over and over again, even though she didn't want to.

"That's enough. Tell me, what are you?"

Her shoulders shake, almost in despair.

"I'm a pretentious little brat, who can't do anything without my master Shinji."

"Very good. What you are afraid of."

Her voice trembles, but she speaks the words.

"I am afraid of the restroom."

"And tonight when you sleep, what will you be doing?"

"I will be wetting the bed."

Shinji started laughing. A couple of days ago, he couldn't have imagined the proud Tohsaka exclaiming that she was wetting her bed.

"You can now go home. Everything you wrote on the blackboard, your fears, what you are, what you do at night in your bed, you will remember this. These suggestions will remain deep in your mind. Gehorche!"

She stood up with a jolt, her eyes filled with horror. Her legs felt heavy and shaky as she ran out of the room.

As soon as she passes through the doors, her body begins to tremble violently. She falls to the ground and covers her face with her hands.

"NO! NO! NOOOOOOOOO!"

She got away from Shinji, but it didn't seem to register in her mind. The voices in her mind weren't stopping to repeat the sentences on the blackboard. On the contrary, they were getting louder and repeating the words faster and faster with each passing moment.

"I am not wetting the bed! I am not wetting the bed!"

Her voice fills the empty hallway, but nobody seems to care.

"I am NOT wetting the bed! I am NOT wetting the bed!"

She repeats the phrase over and over again while crawling towards the staircase. She struggled against the voices inside her, but they were too strong.

"No, I am not wetting the bed. I am NOT wetting the bed!"

She tried to calm down, but the voices kept her agitated beyond her control. Soon enough, she was once again repeating their sentences.

"I have never been able to keep my bed dry at night and I have never stopped wetting the bed. I do firmly believe this is the truth."

Her hands were stretching her face, making her look as if she was crazy.

"I am a bedwetter. I am a bedwetter. I am a bedwetter."

Her eyes burn bright purple, and her voice becomes shrill. She throws herself on the ground and begins to laugh hysterically.

"I AM WETTING THE BED! I AM WETTING THE BED!"

The sound of her confession echoes around the empty hallways. Nobody is there listening to it. She crawls across the floor in a daze and repeats the same words over and over again. Then her voice falls silent as she passes out.

***

Part 4:

______________________________________

The next day, Rin wakes up in her bed, wearing only her panties. Her body feels heavy. Something is different.

She looks down at her body and sees that she is soaked in her urine.

"NOOOOOOOOOOO!" She screams, jumping up.

She runs to the bathroom, presses her forehead against the mirror, and looks at herself. The Image looking back at is completely different from the one she remembers. She stares at her reflection in the mirror, trying to make sense of what she sees. In the back of the mirror, she can see herself sleeping and a dark patch growing in her groin, that slowly soaks her bedsheets.

"This is not me..."

The scene in the mirror keeps changing. It goes through different phases of her life, all showing her wetting her bed. She is scared. She doesn't know who she is anymore.

"What did he do to me?"

She shudders. Not being able to stop thinking about what happened yesterday, she remembers the pain, the humiliation, and the feeling of helplessness. He took everything out of her that made her unique. This wasn't her anymore.

"I am ... n .... wetting the bed... I am ... n ... a bedwetter."

She puts her hands against the mirror, desperate to change what she sees. She tries to deny it, but what comes out of her mouth is confirmation, not denial.

Suddenly, she hears a knock. She runs down without even putting on any clothes, opens the door, and finds Shinji standing outside.

"My Master."

Rin collapses in fear.

"Good Morning, Tohsaka."

He walks inside the house and closes the door behind him.

"Let us see how far you've come."

He sits down on the couch and waits for Rin to come to him.

She crawls towards him, still repeating the same phrase.

"I am wetting the bed. I am a bedwetter."

Shinji smiles.

"Today, I will show you some new things. It will be easier for you if you stop resisting and just accept your new self."

He reaches out his hand toward her. She hesitates for a moment before approaching him. He grabs her arm and pulls her close to him. She is weak and her knees are shaking.

"You won't resist anymore, will you? You don't remember who you were and what you wanted to be?"

"I AM WETTING THE BED! I AM A BEDWETTER!"

Shinji looks into her eyes, signs of her wavering resistance being obvious. The woman before him was susceptible to his commands.

"I can feel your confusion. But that is normal, given the state you are in."

He pulls her closer and whispers into her ear.

"I am your Master. You will do whatever I want. You will obey me without question. You will do as I say. You will no longer have any dreams or ambitions of your own, you will only live for my sake. Gehorche!"

Rin shivers, unable to deny his words. Something inside her wanted to scream, to deny that request, but is muffled by the suggestions and commands Shinjia places in her. Tears run down Rin's face. All she wants is for the pain to stop. She bows her head low to show her submission.

"I understand, Master. I will do everything you want of me."

***

Part 5:

______________________________________

Several months have passed, with Shinji gaining more control over his power. As a result, Tohsaka's mind stabilized.

Shinji awakes one morning with her face buried in his crotch. Tohsaka's mouth envelops his dick as she moves up and down without losing eye contact. Her tongue tickles the underside of his cock as she continues sucking and licking it with passionate devotion. Shinji moans and pushes her head deeper onto his dick. Then he flips her over and enters her from behind.

Tohsaka moans in ecstasy as he thrusts deep inside her. He squeezes her breasts with both hands. She arches her back, pushing him deeper inside her. Her eyes turn upside when she climaxes and squirts everywhere, wetting the sheets with her love juices. Shinji holds her tight against him, his hands slowly moving down her pregnant belly. It passes into her crotch as he rhythmically fingers between her legs and rubs her clit until she cums again.

Her mind fills with love and desire for her master when she sucks his cock for a cleanup blowjob. She can no longer imagine a life without him. Now that she has accepted her role, she has started to enjoy performing sexual acts for him. She has given up on wanting to find out who she really is and has grown used to her new lifestyle. Shinji becoming the center of her world was defining her new self. She has learned to let go of her past and embrace the present, living in the moment, fully devoted to pleasing her master and protecting his child inside her belly. Her common sense changed by Shinji's control, she ceased being a human in all but appearance.

"It's time for school", Shinji says after dressing himself. He takes the dog leash and attaches it to the collar around Rin's neck.

"Let's go."

They walk down the street together. Tohsaka, still naked and on all fours, swings her hips happily as they pass down the streets. Shinji had made it so that their relationship wasn't perceived as abnormal, with the residents waving at them as they walked past them.

When they arrive at the School, Shinji leads Tohsaka to their classroom where she kneels next to his desk. Shinji pets her head, then sits down.

"Class, today I return your tests. Shinji, it's another perfect score for you."

His teacher walks up to him and returns the exam.

"Thank you, Fujimura Sensei."

"Tohsaka, I assume you know what grade you'll be getting again today?

It's another F for the most stupid girl at our school."

Tohsaka looks straight into her teacher's eyes and answers without hesitation: "Yes, Fujimura Sensei. I deserve it."

For a pet, there was no need for education. Tohsaka knew how to read and do simple math, but aside from that, her world revolved around her Master and nothing else. She was happy serving him, doing whatever he asked of her. She didn't care about her grades anymore. While she had been held back for only one year, she would eventually drop out without graduating.

A classmate approaches Tohsaka, asking when her baby is due.

"Not too much longer," Shinji answers for her.

Tohsaka lovingly stares down at her belly as she rubs it. She can't wait to meet her Master's child. Then she notices someone staring at her - a boy in the corner of the classroom.

"Emiya, you have been staring at me all this time."

Emiya looks away and shifts uncomfortably.

"Sorry," he mutters.

"Don't worry about it. You're probably just jealous that I am now the property of such a beautiful master."

The boy blushes and backs off. Shinji laughs and turns toward his pet.

"Hey, do the usual thing."

Tohsaka smiles and replies: "Yes, Master."

She moves next to Emiya, lifts one of her legs, and begins peeing on his pants like a dog. Emiya jumps back when one of his legs gets soaked in Tohsakas Piss, then holds his crotch as he cums in his pants. Embarrassed, he tries to hide the whole event, but the girls in class point at him and start giggling.

"Look at him! What a pervert!"

"Eww!"

The girls laugh at him and then begin to tease him. It gets even worse when one of the girls shows around a picture on her phone with Emiya licking piss off the ground.

"I took it last week when Tohsaka peed on him. He did it after school when nobody would see him, but I happened to pass by."

Emiya stands there humiliated, unable to defend himself. His face turns red with shame. He tries to wipe the cum off his trousers, but the stain is already spreading underneath his pants. He tries walking out of the classroom but is stopped by the girls.

"Hey, you can't leave so easily."

Tohsaka watches from her place on the floor as Emiya is dragged back into the room by them. They tie him up to one of the desks and keep making fun of him.

"I think we can leave Emiya to these girls.", Shinji said, standing up at his desk.

Tohsaka follows his lead and holds up her dog leash for him.

"Let's go, Rin."

He takes the leash, clips it into the collar around her neck, and leads her out of the classroom.

***

Part 6:

______________________________________

Having returned to his residence, Shinji moves to the living room and opens a website in his notebook. He browses the webpage he has filled with his journey with Tohsaka over the past couple of months. He clicks through the different sub-sections and scrolls down the page until he finds what he is looking for: the bedwetting tracker. The site showed the latest updates, showing Tohsaka has continued wetting her bed since he took her in as his pet, many months ago. She had done so with alarming accuracy, never missing a single night.

He clicks on the statistics section of the website to see her progress over time. She is now at 488 days in a row, meaning she has been wetting the bed since March last year. There were only two cases in history where a person had wet their bed for 500 consecutive nights. One case was a 5-year-old girl, and the other was a 78-year-old woman. The fact that a 17-year-old high school student can accomplish this feat makes her unique in the annals of human history. This made her story quite popular among the netizens, and Shinji received emails from people from all across the globe asking for proof.

That is what led to this website. Deciding to keep a log of his pet's bedwetting performance, he made everything public. He provided pictures and even videos that could be watched for a fee from a Patreon account. People had been subscribing from countries such as the USA, Italy, France, Germany, Great Britain, Spain, South Korea, China, Australia, Brazil, and Canada. Most of the user base, however, were locals from Japan.

Shinji smiled as he remembered the first time he uploaded a video. He had taken a movie of Rin sleeping on her bed before she woke up from a bad dream. He was sitting in front of her, waiting for the right moment. When he saw the opportunity, he quickly grabbed his phone and aimed it toward her bed. He wanted to catch the moment her bladder released its contents into her pajama bottoms. He waited patiently for several minutes for a sign that Rin was starting to wet herself. When he saw her legs twitch, he knew what was happening. Shinji pressed the record button and zoomed closer in. After several seconds, Rin let out a small moan, a small trickle of liquid flowing from her crotch onto her bedsheets. Shinji watched silently as more and more of her pee soaked into the bed. A relieved smile forms on her face making her look almost comfortable pissing herself in her sleep and lying in a pool of her urine. Shinji keeps watching until the video ends.

"How nostalgic."

He leaves his smartphone on his desk, the end of the video still visible. His clock shows that it is 10 pm already. A look at one of the windows reveals that it was raining heavily outside. Shinji shouts for Tohsaka to enter the room with her complying as usual. She obediently crawls into the room completely naked.

"Time for a walk."

He grabs her leash and leads her out of the house. They run through the rain and quickly arrive at the park. There, nobody is using the open space of the basketball field. Shinji takes off his jacket and throws it to the ground, followed by his shoes.

"Come here, Rin."

Tohsaka comes to him and opens his trousers zip with her mouth. The tip of his dick is exposed and she slides her tongue along its length. Shinji grunts as she sucks his cock deeply, drooling saliva all over it. He lets out a soft moan as she continues.

"You know what's coming next, don't you?"

Tohsaka nods enthusiastically. Her excitement is evident, she can barely contain herself. With a swift movement, Shinji thrusts deep inside her throat. She gags as her eyes go wide in surprise. Shinji pumps his cock in and out of her throat, forcing her to take all his length down it.

"Ahhh..."

Tohsaka hums happily and swallows every inch of his cock. He gently pushes her head down when he takes his cock deeper than before. Tears form in her eyes when she gasps loudly. Shinji notices that her throat muscles tense up and continues pushing her head further down until he feels the back of her throat.

"That's it, take me deep."

Tohsaka shudders when she feels herself swallowing his entire length. Shinji cums with his load going straight down her throat. Tohsaka gulps it down greedily, trying to drink as much of it as she can, never losing eye contact with her Master.

When Shinji finishes, he releases her head from between his thighs. Her throat bulges outwards like a balloon, her cheeks are red, and her eyes are glazed over with pleasure.

"Lay down on the field and spread your legs wide."

Tohsaka obeys, laying herself down and spreading her legs wide to expose her pussy. Shinji can see her pink labia peeking out of her slit when he positions himself above her. Her pussy is glistening with her love juice.

"Beg me to fuck you."

Tohsaka's eyes flutter open as she stares at him with an expression of pure desire.

"Please, Master, please fuck my loose pussy. Rip me apart with your big, fat cock."

Shinji leans forward and slides his cock inside her sloppy cunt. He uses both hands to support himself as he plunges his dick deep inside Tohsaka. She moans loudly, pressing her tits against his chest while holding him tight with his hands and locking his body with her legs. Shinji is amazed by how wet she is. Her juices are dripping out of her pussy and running down her ass, soaking the field below them. He drives his dick into her pussy with powerful thrusts, slamming his groin into hers. As they fuck furiously, the heavy rain around them gains increasing momentum.

"This is it.", he exhales.

"Don't hold anything back. Climax as hard as you can and become mine for all Eternity! Gehorche!"

A blinding white light fills the area as lightning strikes and a purple glow envelops both of them.

"Gehorche! Gehorche!", he screams, repeating it over and over, his voice almost inaudible threw the rain that had turned into a full-blown storm.

Tohsaka begins to convulse below him. Shinji feels her pussy clamping down on his cock tighter than ever before. He is overcome by a sense of euphoria as he cums inside her. Tohsaka's eyes roll back in her head as her mouth opens wide in ecstasy.

She orgasms uncontrollably, screaming at the top of her lungs.

"ICH GEHORCHE!"

THE END.

*001*2022-11-20 03:06

Any Feedback appreciated. Was this maybe too much in one go for you to read? Should I have only Posted one chapter at a time? Did the AI part turn you off? Is this just not your kind of story? Not enough wetting in it?

Please comment a little bit. I am not writing a lot of stories, so this can be helpful.

Thank you.

