Misc. newspaper comics stories

Author: omofan77

*000*2014-02-12 23:15

Peanuts-Lucy's Psychiatric Help

Lucy sat at her psychiatric booth feeling pressure on her bladder. She had planned this. She had recently read about emotions and urination and was determined to understand it more and form her own theories. For this scenario, she decided to try stress. She began timing herself. Determined to wait at least 10 minutes, she watched the watch move slowly. As the minutes went by, Lucy allowed her stress level to increase with the thought of not making it. It seemed to have the effect expected. It seemed to increase her need a lot faster. At the 10 minute mark, Lucy started the next part.

Having never gone outside before, Lucy next studied the fear of going outside. She came to the realization that a feeling of exposure came over her, as well as a feeling of doing something very differently. "Associated with a fear of change," she theorized. To counter this, she reasoned she was alone and this was natural. Bending down, she lifted her dress and slid her underwear down. She then came to another theory. "This fear may also be associated with a need to be in control. To conquer it, one must learn to surrender control." She relaxed, trusting nature to do what's natural, and surrendering control to her bladder, allowed a stream of urine to flow. Lucy gave in to the feeling of relief and gave nature full control. It was much easier now as she watched the stream make a puddle in the grass and made a soft, pleasant sound.

Lucy tried again on a tree in her backyard. She believed the fear of urination outside could also be cured by practicing it in a familiar location. Feeling more comfortable now, Lucy faced a tree and peed, finding it more easy and comforting this time. Satisfied with her theories, she prepared a group session with two people who asked for her advice on this fear: Linus and Sally.

The next day, Linus and Sally were surprised to see each other at Lucy's psychiatric booth. Linus was uncomfortable when Lucy told of his fear in front of Sally. "To share your fear with someone who has it also is a strong step to conquering it," said Lucy. "Now, both of you come with me." Lucy led Sally and Linus to a spot some distance. "Your fears are likely connected to a fear of change. Having gone one way your lives, you are afraid of a different way," said Lucy. "You may also feel exposed. You must trust you are alone. Finally, you may not want to give up control of yourselves in such a way. You must learn to let nature take over. Trust it will do everything for you. Now I want you both to use this advice and try it here."

Linus objected to trying it with Sally, but Lucy said, "It'll be more helpful with someone close trying it with you. Two going instead of one going and one watching will be better. Also, do not let stress take over, or your need will increase more quickly."

She left Linus and Sally alone. Sally was more eager to try conquering her fear. Taking Linus' hand, she led him to a tree. "She's right," said Sally. "It's only us and we shouldn't worry about it. I'm glad you're with me, sweet baboo. I think I'm less afraid now you're by my side." Linus didn't know what to say. He wasn't so sure of this kind of cure, especially with Sally. But she was nice sometimes, he thought. He guessed he was glad to be able to help her, even though it wasn't a way he thought of.

"Glad I could help," he said uncertainly. While Linus pulled the front of his shorts and underwear down, Sally bent down, her dress and underwear out of the way. Finally both began to let nature take over. Breathing slowly, they let their streams of urine flow, hitting the grass and making a soft, relaxing sound. After the first moment, they found it easy to relax completely. Their streams were loud and faster now, soaking the grass and the tree at their feet. But both felt a certain comfort now. It was just them, they trusted nature taking control, and the relief with the sensation was very satisfying and relaxing.

Both told of their experience to Lucy, who suggested further treatment, advising both to try again at intervals in their yard, where they would be able to see they were by themselves and relax more easily, and advised them not to worry about such situations or their need would be worse than they would want it to be. Then she charged them both 5 cents.

THE END.

*001*2014-02-13 21:16

Peanuts-A Lesson for Girls

Another baseball game against Peppermint Patty's team. As usual, it seemed Peppermint Patty's team would win. Charlie Brown had once again tried a special drink on his team to increase performance through chemical reactions. The taste was strong and many of them washed it off with water from the hose. It didn't help a lot. Then Peppermint Patty gave them some juice, sharing the rest between herself and Marcie. The juice worked good against the taste and many drank as much juice as possible.

As time went on, the effects of so much drinking began to show. Those who had drank a lot begin to feel the pressing need to relieve themselves. The girls, in particular, were most affected. They spent a lot of time trying to find some solution. They were prepared to pee anywhere they first chance they got. Soon, Charlie Brown stopped as Snoopy wanted to eat. Deciding to keep his shortstop happy, Charlie Brown had the game wait until Snoopy had what he wanted. While everyone else was distracted, the girls slipped off.

Each girl didn't seem to mind being around each other. Their need was so great they would've not thought twice about peeing in front of another girl. "The grass is so hot," said Peppermint Patty, who felt it through her sandals. "It might make it hard for us. So how about I teach you to go standing up? I decided to teach myself and I'm really good at it now and it's much easier for girls." The others seemed interested. Peppermint Patty lined the girls up. Marcie decided to only let Peppermint Patty see her, so she stood at the end, Peppermint Patty to her left, followed by the Lucy and Sally.

Peppermint Patty pulled her shorts and underwear all the way down, followed by Marcie. "Since your new at this, it might be good to do this so you'll stay dry. Since you have dresses, lift them up out of the way and get everything else all the way down. Lucy and Sally pulled their dresses up and slid their underwear down. Peppermint Patty spread her legs and pushed her front forward a bit. Marcie, to her right, did the same, and the others followed one down the line. Then a stream of urine flowed from Peppermint Patty, arching in front and hitting the ground at her feet. The others did so, trusting they were doing it right. Each watched as their own stream arched and made puddles in front of them, the sound loud and relaxing for each.

Peppermint Patty decided to try something else. With careful movements, she was able to trace P+C for her and Charlie Brown. The others seeing, tried it themselves. Sally and Lucy were able to just make S+L each for Linus and Schroeder. Marcie had also tried to make M+C for Charlie Brown as well. Once done, the girls admired their work. "Not bad," said Peppermint Patty. "A little more practice and you'll have it down soon. You're welcome to come for more lessons anytime."

Three more girls learned this on their own, also on a hot day. Fredia, while watching Snoopy go after rabbits, feeling the pressuring need on her bladder, hurried behind a tree. Hoping to keep off the hot grass, she tried peeing standing. She didn't do so well as the others, but she was able to get only a few drops on her dress. It wasn't noticeable. Patty, while playing outfield, hopped by standing, she wouldn't be noticed. Out of sight, she manged to pee directly into the grass below, staying in a mostly standing position.

Violet was by herself at the wall. When she felt the need to pee, she considered going home. But after noticing she was alone, decided to have some fun instead. Her dress and underwear safely out of the way, arched her urine forward, hitting the wall. Then she expertly changed the aim to the ground and wrote her name in the ground in cursive. No one would know, she thought. She could act as proper around everyone else while have her fun when she was alone. Once the evidence was hidden, Violet continued on her way.

THE END

*002*2014-02-14 22:49

Calvin and Hobbes-Susie's Afternoon

The end of another school day. It was another typical day for Susie. She spent the day having Calvin ask her answers and put up with his unsavory descriptions of lunch. Now she would have the afternoon and tomorrow, the same cycle will continue. Well, a few hours without Calvin is better than nothing, she thought. Susie followed the others out to go home. First, she would go to the bathroom.

Susie noticed a long line for the bathroom. She knew she'd never have time before the bus came. Knowing she would regret it, Susie left for the bus, the pressure in her bladder becoming more noticeable. She hoped she could hold it to her house. The ride home seemed longer than usual. Susie could no longer think of anything but peeing. She thought about wetting herself. "At least I'll be off soon and can change quickly," she thought. But she was afraid her mother would see. She would would have to hang on for a few more minutes.

Susie saw Calvin nearby drinking. This made things worse for Susie. Then she saw Calvin spill some of the drink. Susie couldn't look away from the watery splashes making a puddle on the floor. She thought about making her own puddle. If she could just crouch on the floor, she might get away from it. "I won't be able to hide entirely," Susie thought, realizing that idea wouldn't work either. "Maybe I can give myself a little relief. That might make it easier to wait." Carefully, she let a few drops out in her underwear. She relaxed a little more. A short stream dampened her panties. She stopped a few seconds later. Her shorts were still dry, but her underwear couldn't hold any more. She felt a bit better, but she had to get to a bathroom soon.

Finally, Susie reached her house. She ran off the bus, desperate to get in. But the front door was locked. She remembered her mother wouldn't be back for awhile. Now the full weight of her bladder hit her again. The wave of desperation was more than she could take. "I'll do anything for a bathroom!" she shouted to the heavens. She noticed the large yard. Susie made a deal with the universe. "If I can get away with this today, I'll try something like this with Calvin nearby one day." The sound of the other children stopped as everyone left the area and Susie knew she was all alone. It seemed the universe accepted her offer. Deciding not to worry about her part of the deal for some time, Susie found her spot behind a tree. Pulling her shorts and slightly damp panties down, she squatted.

She relaxed her bladder completely. A steady stream of urine flowed out and hit the base of the tree. Soon it became faster, the sound of trickling becoming a gushing cascade. Susie sighed in relief as her bladder shrank and all the pressure slowly lifted. She looked down, the grass becoming drenched very fast. A small river of urine seemed to stretch out from the puddle and trickle into different directions, pooling again a few feet away from Susie. Finally after what felt like a lifetime, but was surely about two minutes, the cascade quieted back to a trickle and stopped.

Susie waited, letting the final drops drip into the flood of urine, savoring the wonderful sensation of relief and a strange thrill and feeling of satisfaction and relaxation of peeing in such a way. After getting everything back on, Susie went to wait for her mother. She had almost hoped someone saw so her wouldn't have to keep her part of her deal with the universe. But Susie was alone. "If I have to do this again with Calvin nearby, at least I won't mind the actual going. I'm sure he goes outside. At least we'll be equal in that." Now, she wouldn't worry. What will happen will happen, and like peeing outside, Susie thought, she just had to go with the flow.

THE END

*003*2014-02-15 18:20

Calvin and Hobbes

On a summer's afternoon, Calvin filled a set of water balloons. As he decided on his target, he saw Susie playing nearby, apparently not noticing Calvin. Sneaking up behind her, Calvin raised a water balloon. "If you think you can hit me with that and get away with it, you've got another thing coming," said Susie, not looking up. "If you want to get away with it, you have to beat me in a water fight."

"Is that a challenge?" asked Calvin. "I can beat you anytime."

"I'd like to see you try," said Susie. "Therefore, I challenge you."

"Then Hobbes is on my team," said Calvin. "Not this time," said Susie. "It's just you and me this time. Of course, if you don't think you can get me by yourself, maybe I'll let Hobbes make it almost even for side."

"I don't need Hobbes to defeat you in my specialty," said Calvin.

Calvin and Susie, dressed in bathing suits, met again. They each had an equal number of balloons. For some time, each caught one another with a balloon. With Susie out and Calvin with one balloon left, Susie ran, hoping Calvin would follow. As Calvin ran around the corner of the house, Susie shot him the hose and Calvin threw the last balloon. At the end, both were equally wet and no clear winner could be found. Also, both equally felt a need for a bathroom after all the water. As Susie made to go in, she wondered. "I'll get everything inside wet. Maybe I should dry off first. But can I wait that long?"

"Why do girls feel they have to go inside all the time?" asked Calvin. "Stop being so stuck up. Your suit is already wet. Who's going to notice if it gets a little wetter? Or, why don't you go in your backyard? No one else is around." Susie considered this. Remembering her promise to the universe the last time she was in a similar situation, decided to act on it. "I'd feel more comfortable in my backyard," she said. "Then I'll do so too," said Calvin. "It's only fair."

"Fine," said Susie. Walking in the back, Calvin said, "Do you dare me to show you how a boy does it?"

"I don't know," said Susie. "Do you dare me to show you how a girl does it? I can't stand up like you." Calvin was curious. "Then I dare you," he said. "I'll even give you a quarter."

"Fine," she replied. "But you also have to go at the same time. I also have other demands as well."

Susie said, "You can't ask me for answers or talk about your lunch for a week and you have to play house with me and Mr. Bun at least once a week for a month."

"That's a lot more than a quarter," objected Calvin. "Take it or leave it," said Susie. "Fine. You win," said Calvin. They both faced a tree. Calvin pulled his bathing suit down and aimed at the tree. Susie was able to get the bottom of her swimsuit off. Calvin was surprised to see her squatting. She reached under, adjusting her private area so the urine would come out in front. Then she relaxed, letting her pee flow out in front of her and hit the base of the tree. Calvin went next, his stream as large as Susie's. It was much easier for boys, he thought. It just took a little aiming for him, but he noticed Susie kept making adjustments and couldn't stand.

Later, Susie made plans for playing house. "If it makes you feel better, we can try going to the bathroom outside again something playing house," said Susie. That lightened Calvin's mood. "Can't you try it standing?" he asked. "I can practice," she said. "Then I bet another quarter you can't go standing as good as me," said Calvin. "I will master standing," said Susie determined. "Then one day, we'll have a contest to see who can aim better and higher." They both looked forward to that day and later, Susie by herself, tried peeing standing up in the yard. It wasn't the best, she thought, but she was sure with a little more practice, she would be better at it.

*004*2014-02-18 20:14

One Big Happy

Ruthie and her mother Ellen spent a girl's day out shopping. It was a nice time. They enjoyed having a day of fun to themselves without Ruthie's father and brother around with boy things. They ended by getting smoothies. Ruthie drank her's very quickly. "Now Ruthie," said Ellen. "Go easy. It'll be awhile before we get home and I hope we don't need stops." But Ellen smiled and drank plenty as well.

It was near home when Ruthie felt her bladder fill. "Mom, I have to go to the bathroom."

"I did warn you," Ellen said gently. "Don't worry. We're almost home." As soon they got home, Ruthie ran inside. Ellen then saw her running back. "Joe's in the bathroom and won't let me in," said Ruthie. "What am I going to do?" She was jumping and trying to hold herself. Sympathetically, Ellen said, "Come with me. I'll find a place for you. I can go go." Ellen led Ruthie to the backyard. Finding a tree that hid them, Ellen said, "You can go here."

"I don't know how to," said Ruthie. "I can't stand like Joe can."

"Then I'll show you how a girl does it," said Ellen. "Just do what I do. First, pull everything down to somewhere around your knees. Ellen unzipped, pulled her pants down and slid her underwear out of the way. Ruthie, side by side with her, unzipped as well. Copying her mother, Ruthie pulled her pants and underwear down. Next, Ellen showed her how to squat, keeping their clothes out of the way. "Now just relax," Ellen told Ruthie. Ellen went first, letting a stream of urine flow out and hit the grass. Hearing the soft of pee trickling and the comfort of being close to her mother, Ruthie was able to relax and immediately felt a strong jet of urine flow down into the grass.

Ruthie sighed in relief as her bladder continued to empty, relief washing over her. Ellen sighed as well, both girls peeing at full force, both making yellow foamy puddles under them. Once fully relieved, Ellen showed Ruthie how to wipe with leaves, then they got dressed. Ruthie suddenly threw her arms around Ellen, hugging her tight. Her mother wrapped her arms around Ruthie, pulling her close and hugging her gently. "I'll take you out here sometimes," Ellen said. "With a little practice, I'm sure you'll get it."

Since then, Ellen and Ruthie sometimes slipped out to the yard. Ellen watched as Ruthie was able to go by herself, sometimes Ellen would join in. "This is good for when there are no bathrooms around," she told Ruthie. "It's always better to go when you get the chance and not wait to find a bathroom. I'm sure you don't want accidents and it's better not to hold it if you don't have to."

"When can I go outside?" asked Ruthie. "Whenever you find a place that's hidden or out in woods and places like that," like Ellen. "There's nothing wrong with going to the bathroom outside if there isn't one nearby and your need is great."

"For here," said Ellen. "I understand how hard it is for someone your age to wait. If the bathroom is full, don't wait and risk an accident. Come out to this spot where no one would see. You don't have to tell anyone. It's nothing we need to know."

The next time the bathroom was full, Ellen saw Ruthie run outside. When she came back, her mother asked, "Did you make it?"

"I just made it," said Ruthie. "I know I wouldn't make it if I waited."

"That's why being able to go outside is a useful thing to know," said Ellen.

Sometime later, Ruthie and her mother went on a trail walk, Ruthie inviting her friend April Mae. When April Mae needed to go to the bathroom, Ellen asked Ruthie to take her to a spot nearby. Ruthie asked her mother to come as well. Curious, Ellen followed. When she caught up to the girls, she heard Ruthie telling April Mae, "Just pull everything down like this and get in this position. Mom, is this right?"

"That's it," said Ellen with a smile. Then Ruthie allowed her pee to flow onto the ground. After a few seconds, April Mae did the same. The sound of sighing was mixed with the flow of urine sprinkling the ground. Once the girls were done, Ellen gave them some leaves. "These are safe for you to use," she said. Now dry, the girls got everything back on and rejoined Ellen.

THE END

*005*2014-02-22 20:34

Peanuts

Peppermint Patty woke up in class with a full bladder. She thought about asking to go to the bathroom, but after another remark from her teacher about sleeping in class, Peppermint Patty felt it wasn't a good idea to ask. She would have to wait. When class ended, Peppermint Patty headed to the bathroom. However, she noticed a line at the bathroom. Feeling nervous she wouldn't make it, she got in line in front of Marcie.

She noticed the boys room nearby. "I wonder if I could sneak in," thought Peppermint Patty. "I can go standing." But seeing some boys go in, knew she would be noticed. She didn't want to risk it. Her desperation was very strong as she was next in line. Realizing she couldn't wait, she ran inside. She knew the stalls were full, but the sight still wasn't something she wanted to see. Looking around, she saw a wastebasket. Taking a chance, Peppermint Patty got in front of it. Lowering her shorts, spreading her legs and private area, and released a flow of urine into the basket. She sighed in relief, letting the stream become faster and louder, but no one noticed.

Now done, Peppermint Patty washed and walked out. Marcie walked in. Seeing the full stalls and wastebasket, made up her mind. Pulling her shorts down and squatting, Marcie peed into the basket, not knowing Peppermint Patty used it. Thinking only her used it, Marcie made a note to herself not to tell anyone about this.

###

Sally sat in her kindergarten class. She had to go to the bathroom, but was too afraid of it at school. Everything at school seemed scary and she didn't want to go into a small room she had never been in before. Unfortunately, her fear increased her desperation. At recess, Sally went with the class to the playground. She wanted to have fun, but she couldn't think about anything except her situation. "I have to go now," she thought. She ran around, looking for something that might help. Sally ran behind some bushes and looked around.

Noticing she was alone, she thought about going around here. She saw a bucket nearby. Sally took it to a secluded spot. She started to pee in the bucket, but the sound was loud. Someone would hear. Sally saw the sandbox nearby. Scooping some sand in the bucket, Sally took it back to her spot. Lifting her dress, pulling her panties down, Sally squatted again and let nature take over. As the sound of urine make a soft trickling sound, Sally was sure no one would here. No longer holding back, she let a full stream out, sighing in relief and giggling at the sound and feel of relief.

She let the final drops fall, then got dressed. The sand was drenched and she decided to leave the bucket there. She would remember this spot for future use. "At least the bushes are big enough," she thought. Maybe next time, she would try peeing directly on the bushes.

###

At the end of the day, Lucy got on the bus. She had wanted to go to the bathroom, but there wasn't time. Now she was wishing she had gone before. She didn't want to have to ask during class and hoped she could go before she left school. But too many people were in the bathroom. Lucy hoped she could make it to home, but as the pressure grew on her bladder, she wasn't so sure.

Remembering what she learned about stress and desperation, Lucy tried to relax. She felt a few drops come out. She got control again. Lucy looked around. She was by herself and no one noticed. Seeing she was unnoticed, Lucy decided to take matters into her own hands. Sliding to the floor and crawling under the seat, Lucy got into a squatting position. She was able to lift up her dress and get her panties off only a bit. They were sure to get a little wet. "It can't be helped," Lucy thought.

Worrying more about her dress, Lucy relaxed. She felt most of her underwear become warm. Soon, the urine began dripping out. She let it become a stream as it trickled into a puddle on the floor. She thought her underwear held most of it, so the sound and puddle wasn't so noticeable. Getting back to her seat, Lucy allowed a few more drops into her underwear. But she was relieved and no one noticed anything.

Linus was also on the bus in a similar situation. But he was determined not to use any of Lucy's ideas, even though he didn't know she already used them. He thought about wetting himself or peeing on the floor. "I'm class president," he thought. "I have a reputation to keep." He made it to the stop, but the walk home was still a good distance. Linus noticed some woods. Deciding to let nature take over there, he hid behind a tree.

Pulling his shorts down, he aimed at the tree. He then tinkled, letting the relief take over. After a few seconds, Linus relaxed and a strong stream or urine hit the tree, making a puddle at his feet. He was getting used to peeing outside. He could now relax more easily and was beginning to enjoy it. Now relieved, Linus pulled everything up and went home. "Maybe I can try again at home later," he thought. Lucy, meanwhile, made it home and put on dry underwear before anyone noticed.

THE END

