Torn Tweedles (A Dalton FanFic)

Author: neonwatches

*000*2012-04-08 00:58

“That’s it!” Ramsey cried.

Ethan and Evan Brightman were sitting in Dean Ramsey’s office, being chewed out by the woman once more.

“I’ve had enough!” She continued. “In the past week alone, you have destroyed three statues, thrown two disruptive parties without permission, sent seven Stuarts to the medical center due to paintball injuries and your grades are slipping.”

The twins winced. “We’ll pay for the statues.” They said in unison.

Ramsey shook her head. “Not this time. I’m putting out this wildfire once and for all. Boys, I have no other choice than to separate you.”

The room seemed to go silent.

“What?” Ethan frowned. “Dean Ramsey, with all due respect, Evan is my brother, my twin, and my best friend. You can’t separate us.”

“I can and will.” Ramsey replied, crossing her arms over her chest.

“But we’ve never been separated.” Evan frowned.

“Well it’s high time you were. Maybe now we can all have some peace.” The woman said.

The boys looked at each other with wide eyes, the seriousness of the situation beginning to sink in.

“You may have all day tomorrow to pack. Then Ethan will go to Stuart house and room with their acting prefect to keep you out of trouble. Evan, same for you in Hanover.” Ramsey told them.

Ethan’s mouth fell open. “Logan Wright?”

The dean nodded. “No arguments. From either of you. Tomorrow by eight pm you must be in your new living quarters.”

The twins stared at each other in shock.

“You are dismissed.” The older woman said.

###

That night the Windsor house was quiet. Everybody wore solemn and grave faces. Even Han had come down to express his sorrow.

The Tweedle’s dorm was especially quiet. Not a word was said as the boys packed their things; clothes, pictures, nerf guns, not that they would be using them. The boys had figured that if they packed tonight, they could spend the day tomorrow together.

After a silent dinner on their beds, the boys finished packing. It was oddly strange to see the room so bare. All of their photos and paper torn down from the walls, closets empty. It was no longer theirs.

Once showers had been taken, the brothers mumbled goodnights to each other and crawled into bed, turning off the lights.

It hadn’t been five minutes before Ethan sat up, banging his fist on the wall.

“No!” He cried. “She can’t do this! She can’t force us apart!”

Evan sat up and turned on the light. “She did. She has power here. We don’t.” He frowned.

“No! We’re the Tweedles! One unit! One thing! We come in a set. She’s tearing us in half.” Ethan shouted angrily.

Evan got out of bed and walked over to him. “We’ll still see each other in the dining hall and at Warblers.” He tried.

Ethan shook his head furiously. “She doesn’t get it! It takes two Tweedles! You can’t live with only half a heart!”

Evan’s eyes widened when he realized his twin was crying. “We just have to convince Ramsey that we are well-behaved enough to return to Windsor. Until then, you must deal with the Knave. It’ll be fine, I promise.” He said softly.

“I don’t wanna lose my other half.” Ethan whimpered before bursting into tears. Something he would only do in front of his brother.

At the sight of his twin, Evan fought the urge to cry as well and held his brother. “It’ll be fine. We aren’t truly separated.” He said, but even as he spoke, his voice cracked.

Ethan ignored him, burying his face in Evan’s shoulder.

Evan shushed him, comforting his brother until early in the morning. Finally, he turned off the lights and curled up with Ethan, the boys holding onto each other tightly as they slowly fell asleep.

####

Logan was outraged when Ramsey had told him what was happening. A loud, disruptive, undisciplined Windsor was moving into the Stuart House. Worse, his room. It had taken much pleading from Ramsey as well as the bribe of extra points on all of his tests before he finally gave in and agreed to do it. Now, half of his room was cleared and empty, waiting for a rowdy lunatic to fill it with silly string and nerf pellets.

####

Justin on the other hand, had been more concerned about the twins. He knew that separating wouldn’t be easy for them and the rest of the Windsors would be suffering as well. As prefect, however, he could not help bit think that this arrangement would be best. For the school, for the students, everyone. No doubt the Stuarts would keep Ethan in line, or at least try, anyway. It would be hard to do with Evan as well. He’d have to ask Charlie for some advice in the matter, but for now he was notifying the rest of the Hanovers and clearing the other side of the room for Evan’s arrival.

*002*2012-04-08 01:15

I'm not sure of wether it was actually sad or just me being sleep deprived, but the next part is worse. and thanks!

