A bunch of male wettings

Author: FluffyEyebrows

*000*2023-01-21 19:52

So I've noticed the lack of male ono stories, so I decided I should try and write some. This is my first story, so leave some criticism for me to improve myself. Enjoy!

Xander was a pretty average(-ish) guy- brown hair, blue eyes, tan skin, and a nice, muscular build. He was at the boys' sports team. And he played football pretty well, it was honestly surprising he wasn't the captain of the team! And yet, every man has at least one flaw. For Xander, it was having a small bladder. So far, nobody really noticed his 'flaw', until it was his 18th birthday..

"Xander! Wake up, dumbass, Mom made you your favorite omelette!" Allen, Xander's 15-year-old brother, yelled out while tugging on his brother's PJs. Hearing the news, Xander got up, and ran to the kitchen in a span of what seemed like 5 seconds. (he likes his omelette. don't judge the man.)

"Xander! You're finally up, happy birthday." his mom exclaimed as she put Xander's plate in front of him. And inside the plate was..

"A Classic-Denver Omelette! Holy cow!" Xander only had those omelettes for special occasions. And what would be better to eat than a Classic-Denver Omelette on his 18th birthday?

"Happy birthday, dear! Now, I suggest you eat quickly, you woke up pretty late. The school bus never waits, and you know that very well!" his mom said. Xander gobbled up his omelette, made himself some coffee to wake up, and ran to his room to change his clothes. He combed his hair, forgot to brush his teeth, grabbed his backpack, and ran outside.

Xander made it to the bus stop just in time, thankfully. But as he got on the bus, he got a small tingling feeling at his lower chest. 'Shit. I better use the bathroom right after I get to the school,' he thought. He sat next to a window, and to his horror, he saw the rain starting to pour. 'Damn it!' Xander exclaimed internally.

The bus stopped next to the school, and the students went pouring out of the bus. Just like how the rain was pouring to the ground. Xander went out of the bus last while fighting the urge to hold himself. He was walking, or wobbling, to the entrance. He opened the doors to the school, and his football team surrounded him.

"Happy birthday, mate!" "My boy's finally an adult." and similar sentences could be heard throughout the hallway.

(to be continued. i guess.)

