The soccer game

Author: NanakoMoriyama

*000*2022-10-17 04:21

It was the championship soccer game. There were 30 minutes left in the game. However, in this soccer game, there were no breaks

It was team Japan vs team USA. 10 vs 10. All 10 girls on team Japan needed to urinate. Badly. But they were down, 5-2. And this team was desperate to win

With 20 minutes left, team Japan was down 6-2. They needed a way to come back.

These girls were not called by their names, but by their importance to the team. They are named: Number 1, Number 2, Number 3… Number 9, and Number 10. Number 1 was the goalie, and Numbet 2 was the best player on the team.

With 15 minutes left, Team Japan made an unexpected comeback. Players 2 and 3 began to have good collaboration, and scored two goals in a short time. The score was now 6-4, team USA

With 5 minutes left, the same thing happened again, leaving the score tied 6-6. When the clock finally ticked 0, the game went into overtime.

There wasn’t much time in between end of regulation and overtime, so the team captain, who was also the goalie, said that she was going first.

”But I’m practically bursting” said player number 2.

”Same” said player number 3. “I’m probably going to have an accident. Anyone in the world could see me peeing myself”

”We have to prioritize the goalie here” Said player number 1. The other girls reluctantly gave in, after all, we need the goalie refreshed so that she can block a winning score by team U.S.A

The goalie went into the only toilet in the locker room, and relieved herself. It was a nice, refreshing feeling. She came out looking refreshed

”Alright, let’s win this thing” said player one.

Things we’re not looking good for team Japan at the start. Team America almost got the winning goal in the first 15 seconds of overtime, before player one made a huge save.

After kicking the ball back, she took a risk, and decided to leave her goalpost. While it meant team Japan was now 10 on 9, it also meant they had no one to protect the goal

Forget winning the game, if any of these girls wet themselves on live television, they would never hear the end of it.

While team USA was about to make a big kick to team Japan’s goal, Player one made a big save once again, this time on team USA’s side. She kicked it, and made the winning goal, with an empty bladder!

Victory was on team Japan, 7-6. The girls may have won the fight against team USA, but they had an even bigger problem to worry about

Team Japan had ran onto the center of the field, and threw Number 1 onto the field. She had done it, it was the right decision after all for her to be the one to use the restroom

WARNING: This part is very funny. Note: all 10 girls are straight, no sexual activity occurs here

Now, as the girls headed back into the locker room, they had 9 people, and one toilet.

Player number 6 got to the toilet first, and breathed a sigh of relief as she sat on the toilet and did her business. A geyser of urine shot out of her body, and all 8 other girls could hear. Player 10 exclaimed “I can’t hold it anymore!” and ran over to the sink. She pulled her pants down, exposing her bottom to everyone, and climbed onto the sink and you-know-what happened next. She didn’t care who saw, she was in too much bliss. Both streams had still been going on full force.

After 5 agonizing minutes, both streams stopped simultaneously. Player 3 hopped onto the toilet, and player 4 hopped onto the sink. There were now two lines, one for the toilet and one for the sink, each with the remaining 3 and 2 players, respectively.

After 2 minutes, both girls’ streams were still going strong, and none of the other girls could hold it anymore. They needed to find something they could use, and fast.

Player number 5 panicked, and wet herself on the spot. She started crying while doing so, player 2 patted her on the shoulder and said “it’s okay, it might happen to me as well. Don’t be embarassed, we all really needed it”. As player 2 said that, player 7 wet herself as well, this time feeling nothing but relief, and player number 8 went back to her locker, frantically opened the lock, and peed on as many towels as she could.

Player 2 remembered she had a bottle in her backpack, and started relieving herself into it. It was a 1 liter bottle, and she had the biggest look of relief of them all. But then the bottle started to fill up. She knew she couldn’t walk over to the now vacant toilet in time, so she just finished up on the floor.

After everyone was done, they took one look at each other… and burst out laughing. Then they cleaned up the mess they made.

