Welcome to Omoville

Author: Axis

*000*2012-06-28 04:31

Welcome to Omoville

Part 1: Arrival

"Oh, John. I'm so excited!" squealed Kate. She was so excited, and boy, did she look stunning in that lime-green halter top. The super short shorts completed the sexy ensemb-

Honk! Honk!

Woah! I needed to keep my eyes on the road. Kate sure wasn't making it easy. In her hand she held the cause of her excitement: a brochure. Inside it told of a wondrous place where Public Urination was not only legal, but mandatory. Public Nudity too, but in a place like this it was kind of a given.

We were finally here. We pulled in on an old dirt road until we came to an old town that reminded me of my birthplace in Maryland. It was wide open and a bit nippy, though that's probably because it was winter.

We got out and were immediately greeted by what looked like a classic Old West mayor. As it turned out, that's exactly what he was.

"Howdy, folks! Welcome to Omoville, the wettest town in these Yoo-nited States. Ah trust you found the place ok?"

"We found it just fine," I told him.

"Glad ter hear it. Weyell, if y'all er ready, I'll show ya where y'all be stayin'. Name's Buck, by de way."

"I'm John, and this is my wife, Kate."

He walked up to Kate and kissed her hand. "Nice ter meetcha, darlin'."

Kate giggled,"Pleasure's all mine."

The portly man took us to the adorable little cabin we would be living in.

"Oh, John," said Kate,"Isn't this just wonderful?"

"It sure is, Kate," I responded.

Kate looked at me and frowned. "What's wrong, baby? You seem upset."

"I'm not upset, I'm just...bored I guess."

Kate smiled seductively. "I think I can fix that. Come on upstairs."

"You don't have to tell me twice. Just let me go pee first."

"Aww, do you really have to use the toilet?" Kate whined.

"Who said anything about a toilet?" Her eyes went straight to my crotch, which was already getting wet. The dark patch grew as my bladder emptied itself into my pants. It trickled down my leg and pooled on the floor until I finished. Kate just stood there, gawking at the mess I made. Without a word, she grabbed my arm and dragged me up to bed. She proceeded to rip all my clothes off and start kissing me hard. She then took her own clothes off and I took no time entering her. We made love for some time, then Kate started to say something between thrusts. "John...I can't...hold...gotta...go...fuck...aaaaaaahhhh."

As soon as she said that, she orgasmed hard, followed by a huge spray of pee that went everywhere. She rolled off me, spent and still peeing. "S-sorry, John."

"What for?"

"For peeing..."

"Do you really think we would have moved here if you needed to apologize for that?"

She didn't answer, she had already fallen asleep. As I fell asleep as well, I thought about how driving into town tomorrow would go.

End Part 1

*002*2012-06-29 06:09

Urinetown? I've never heard of it.

*005*2012-07-03 17:19

Oh, is there any wetting in it?

*007*2012-07-07 06:28

Sure there would be a toilet. Pee isn't all that goes in there you know.

Sure there would be a toilet. Pee isn't all that goes in there you know.

