The Solar Rings of Power (Loosely, very loosely, based on Sailor Moon Ideas)

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2012-04-04 01:18

The Solar Rings of the Milky Way

Episode One “Susan and the Ring”

From deep within the blankets, a curled figure snored upon her rickety bed which was lumpy and dotted with uncomfortable sleeping areas upon it. The quilt over the top was frayed and faded beyond anything washable, and the person sleeping within was starting to stir.

The room was quiet and still. The trailer was dark in every room, and even at the back of the small dwelling, through the great bear’s den, the bear was resting peacefully. Susan was safe while the bear hibernated, but once it awake, her real hell would start.

A sleepy heavy feeling hand slid down the girl’s chest, down her belly, and reached into her crotch were she felt a cooling clamminess which fully caused her eyes to pop open, and the quilt and blankets on top of her erupted off of her as she checked the bed and saw a great lake of darkened sheets and a little pee gathered around her butt!

“Not again,” she hoarsely whispered to herself, her eyes wide as saucers. “He’s going to be really upset when he finds out,” she admonished herself in a whisper. “Why can’t you grow up and stop wetting the bed at sixteen years old?”

Susan’s dark blond, or very light brown hair, hard to tell which, sat in curls around her chubby face and hung down to the small of her back. Her top was a bright bubble gum pink color, but at the ends, closest to her butt and legs, it was a bit darker and almost appeared red in color. Her panties were also pink, but a bit more faded, and around her butt and between her legs, they were so dark, they also appeared a light shade of red.

She walked to her dresser, which was no more than two steps from her bed as the room was so small, and she pulled a drawer out to look for clean undies and a bra. Her school uniform, a white blouse with red ribbon and red and green plaid skirt were laid out in the living room.

Susan took her undies and pulled her door carefully open to limit the squeaking. She didn’t intend on hiding the wet bed because her dad would definitely see it, but she definitely wanted to get into the bath before he got up and started yelling at her about it.

She walked quietly down the hall towards his bedroom praying that the floor wouldn’t creek as she approached the bathroom. She could still feel a little urine in her bladder, and wanted to get to the toilet to release it knowing that getting it on the floor would be even worse than wetting the bed for her.

Suddenly, as she was about to open the bathroom door, the back door opened to the bear’s den, and he stood there looking down at her with his eyes full of anger and his form bearing over her to the point that she shook from his sudden appearance, and then a small river started to snake out of her panties and slide down her left leg just before the main water fall burst through the reddening material to pour onto the floor between her legs.

“wetting your pants again?” he seemed to growl though his eyes looked sleepy. He pushed her back away from the door and stepping right in her urine that was on the floor, he went into the bathroom and closed the door while she could only stand there and let the rest finish dripping through her panties to her thighs and the floor.

Susan was not happy at home. She always had to deal with the bear that wouldn’t even let her call him daddy or anything like it. It was always “Father” with him, and really the only thing that he did that she appreciated was make sure she had a place to sleep, had food at night, and had the means to wash her clothes. It may have taken some work, but it wasn’t really love or care that he gave her.

She waited outside the bathroom door until she heard the shower come on. “Great,” she thought to herself. “Now, he’ll hog up the shower on me, and I’ll have to go to school smelling bad. I hate him!”

She went to the kitchen, found her private rag under the sink, and wet it so she could at least wipe the pee from her legs and her butt before she changed into her clean undies and her school clothes. The man would come out demanding that she made breakfast, and she would have no choice but to abandon all other things until he was pleased which would mean, they would be in the car and on the way to him dropping her off at the library parking lot where she always walked to school from. It was going to be such a terrible day!

###

Susan climbed out of the car, her smell still reaching up to her nose making her sweat because she was sure others would smell it too, and she closed the door without another word to the man who was driving.

She was just walking from the parking lot when a kind of shadowy form appeared not far from her. It looked a little like a man, but the face was only hinting at eyes, a nose, and a mouth because the shadow seemed to cover it like a mask. The form was liquid when it moved, and it seemed as though only a magic creature of some kind could truly do the kinds of movements this “boy” did.

“Girl, come here,” it beckoned her.

Susan was streetwise, and she knew that it was a bad idea to go talk to the shadow, but something drew her over to it, though she wasn’t sure if it was curiosity, or if it was some strange power that the boy possessed.

“I have something for you that will even the odds.”

“Even the odds?” she looked at him blankly.

“You are bullied at school, aren’t you?” he asked her. “You are always made fun of, and you don’t have any friends because people don’t think you are important. Am I right?”

Susan looked where his eyes should be, her mouth dropping a moment. After a good minute of silence, she asked. “Who are you?”

“I am not important, but this is,” and a ring fell from his shadowy for to her hands which seemed to open up to him without her own free accord. “You use this ring, and no one will ever make fun of you again.”

Susan smiled up at the dark form, but to her surprised, it seemed to be fading as though someone had slowly turned up the lights. And finally it was gone, but she still had a ring with an aquamarine colored stone in it.

“Right,” she laughed to herself, but she still put it on her finger on her right hand and then skipped off to school.

###

Just to be clear: This is NOT Sailor Moon, it is a parody which mimics some of the ideas related, however, the focus is on the Four outer Sailors who are NOT good in this parody. They are Evil, and will meet the Sailor Moon Girls at one point or another.

