Lykas' Dream

Author: Kayushi

*000*2010-09-02 18:46

Before I begin, I'd just like to say something. This is a sort of auto-fanfic in that I'm basing it off of a story I'm currently writing. Obviously, the characters are original, and the story is not published, so no one here is going to recognize them... present company excluded lol. Also, in this case especially, I'd be EXTREMELY appreciative of some feedback. enjoy...

Lykas sighed as he laid back on his bed. It wasn't very comfortable, but after what he had been through today it seemed like heaven. For his best friend, Axiel hadn't gone easy on him at all during training, and all of his muscles were sore.

"Did he really have to show me up in front of his girlfriend?" He mumbled to himself as the fatigue began to set in. They had been sparring all morning, and that afternoon Ax had almost killed him in the sword fighting ring. For a half-angel, Ax could be brutal sometimes.

As his eyelids grew heavy, Lykas focused on one memory to take his mind off the ache: the look on Axiel's lover, Amial's face as Axe's sword had pierced his armor, and the tip rested not a half an inch away from his chest. Lykas had always felt a sort of connection with Amial, but he didn't dare do anything that might invoke his companion's wrath. If Ax could be this brutal in simple training excersises, what would he be like if he was pissed off?

Still, Lykas smiled as his consciousness slowly left him, but the memory of Amial's face didn't. She had deep, dark emerald green eyes that, despite their dim tone, had a sort of glow to them. Those eyes were her curse, meant to draw anyone in no matter how much she wanted to be alone. Her pixie-like face, framed by long, dark black hair, and her flawless, pale skin made it hard to believe that she herself wasn't an angel.

The memory seemed to replay itself with a certain touch of reality, except this time, Ax wasn't there. There was no sword point nearly embedded in Lykas' flesh, and the look on Amial's face wasn't one of concern, but one of desperation.

"Come on love, I have to go." Amial whimpered as tears welled up in those perfect eyes. Lykas looked around for Ax, not remembering him leaving... or his lover saying anything like that. He HAD blacked out from a blow to the head. Maybe he was remembering something his subconscious had held on to. But the thing that struck him as odd was that his best friend and mentor... wasn't there.

"Who... are you talking to Ami?" His rough voice echoed as if they weren't in the middle of the forest, but in a cave or something.

Amial's slender body was shaking. Lykas could hear her wakizashi rattling in their sheaths. It was odd for an assassin specializing in stealth to be making so much noise. She paused and glared at him.

"Babe, don't play these games with me. Who else would I be talking to?"

A vision of Ax disemboweling them both entered Lykas' head. What was she saying? That they were lovers? He had fantasized about such a thing since the day he met her, but...

No... She knew as well as he did that Ax was capable of terrible things. He was only half angel and therefore not bound by their laws. Thou shalt not harm a human didn't exactly apply to him, and he would know exaclty how to kill Lykas, as the rest of the blood that flowed through his veins was the dark, powerful blood of a Lunacheis demon, just like Lykas. The only difference was that Lykas' other half was human.

"Can we please go? I'm about to pee in my uniform." Ami said softly, her lips were trembling. The black microfiber assassin's garb the guild had supplied her with hugged her body tightly. It was inlaid with swirling silver protective runes. The bottom of the uniform laid only inches below her waistline, hugging her thighs. It was bound to her by magic, and could only be removed by her and only in the privacy of her own room. Even if she could take it off here, Ami had always had a fear of going to the bathroom in the woods. Men had this annoying habit of finding her just at the wrong time, being drawn to her by her infernal curse. The same curse was what made Ax so possessive.

Lykas nodded his head in a mild understanding. He was still confused as to why Ami was addressing him as a lover, but he realized she needed to get back to the temple to use the restroom. He wrapped his toned arms around her slender form and teleported them both to the temple at Rez'garith, where they made their home. As they reappeared and he let go of Ami, she gasped. The shock from the teleport had made her lose a tiny bit of control. A single, golden drop made its way down her right leg as she jammed her hands between her legs and crossed them.

Seeing her in this helpless state, when she was normally so independent, Lykas felt a sudden shiver go through every single one of his muscles and straight to his groin. He became instantly hard and had to force every ounce of willpower not to ravage her right then and there. The thought crossed his mind that binding magic, especially considering it was demon binding magic, would be nothing to him. A little of his blood on her uniform, and it would come right off.

He supressed these thoughts, and forced his demon side to silence. He often had to do this when she was around, but it was more difficult this time. He simply watched as she dropped to the ground and sat on her heel, something he didn't quite understand, and started rocking back and forth.

"I'm not going to make it," she whispered repeatedly to herself. Tears were flowing endlessly down her beautiful face, and Lykas wanted to disappear before he did something.... stupid. Then, as if she had resigned herself to her fate, Ami stood up and leaned herself against a wall. Streams of urine ran down her legs, which were now slightly spread, and formed a puddle at her feet. A dark patch was vaguely visible in the crotch of her uniform and grew steadily as the yellow liquid poured from her body.

Lykas could no longer control himself. In an instant, he was inches in front of her, his hands on her thin waist and making their way toward her damp crotch, which was still producing the hot golden flow. He paused, as he stared into her cursed green eyes a moment before putting his lips to hers. He passionately kissed her until the flow finally ceased, then he pulled away and moved his hand downward to trace the damp patch around her womanhood. Taken by desire and no longer able to force his lust aside, he picked the wet, crying girl up and carried her to her room, where he watched her remove her wet uniform. She removed her arms from the sleeves, and pulled down the top to reveal her small, firm breasts, and then her stomach and then....

Lykas woke with a start. The sun shone brightly through his window and outlined the shadow of a tall figure leaning against his wall.

"Did you have a nice dream?" A smooth, deep voice resonated in his mind as Lykas sat up to see his friend staring at his erection. It was times like this he was glad Ax couldn't read his thoughts.

"Come on, we have some more training to do. Don't embarrass yourself like you did yesterday. I would hate to accidentally cut your heart out." Cutting his heart out... the only way to truly kill a Lunacheis demon. Lykas got up, already fully dressed, as he had fallen asleep in his armor. He grabbed his sword and followed Ax outside. The two drew their weapons and began to practice. Ami watched them intently as she always did. Lykas blocked one of Axe's strikes as he glanced over at the beautiful girl, and as his eyes made contact with hers, he realized something... he had to pee.

*002*2010-09-22 00:25

{{: 

Good job. Where is the original story? Im interested in anything demon ;p

}}

Currently a work in progress. I was actually in the middle of working on a chapter when an image popped in my mind of ami wetting herself.

