A strange day at the mall

Author: Flush

*000*2011-05-31 10:15

It's been too long ago since I posted here (I've been busy writing a Dutch story, but that's not something for this forum... and currently I'm writing another English one, but I don't know when that will be finished)!

But, I still had an unpublished English story; I originally wrote it for the Writing competition that never took off :( It's a shame it never did anyway, maybe we should give it another shot sometime ;)

But anyway. I don't want to let this go to waste, so here it is! Enjoy, people.

A STRANGE DAY AT THE MALL

Shana had to pee bad. She couldn't even remember the last time she had been in the bathroom, it was that long ago. The only thing she felt was an enormous pressure in her lower abdomen. Why wasn't she looking for a toilet? She blinked again, and opened her eyes. She was standing in a fitting room, watching herself in the mirror. Suddenly she remembered; she was at a clothing store, in the mall nearby her town. Yes, just a week ago she had been in this exact same fitting room with Kathleen, trying on new clothing. Oh, she had to go to the bathroom SO bad!

She grabbed her crotch with her right hand, just to check that everything was still dry, and to her own surprise, she noticed that she was only wearing a pair of lace panties. They felt sweaty, too. There also was a small plastic hygienic strip in her panties, pressing against her labia. They were brand new, but Shana couldn't find an anti-theft device - apparently she had bought them already.

She stared at herself in the mirror, while anxiously pressing her legs together to make sure not a single drop of urine could escape from her body. The plastic strip in her panties crumpled, but Shana didn't even feel it; the attention that her bladder demanded was so much bigger. She inspected the rest from her body; apparently she was also bare-footed. She looked up and gazed at her long legs. Her knees were knocking together, gently but noticeable. Her tight black panties shifted back and forth, together with the movements of her firm butt. A matching bra covered her B75-sized breasts, and Shana swore she could see her erect nipples trough the thin fabric. Shana was a blonde, and an attractive one, too.

She closed her eyes, and felt her bladder, strongly pressing on her tummy. That was all she could think about. "Mmm, I gotta pee!" She tried to resume. Ok, she was standing her in her underwear - she didn't even wear socks - and she had to go to the bathroom, bad. Real bad. "Why am I standing here anyway?" she wondered. "I probably wanted to try this lingerie on. But why didn't I go to the bathroom before? I'm probably holding my pee for hours, I have to go so bad!" She couldn't find an answer, but actually she didn't care either. "Doesn't matter, I just have to put my clothes on, and get the hell out of here! I need a pee!"

She closed and opened her eyes again, and took a deep breath. She reached for the coat hanger, to take her clothes, but there weren't any clothes on the hanger. She looked around in the fitting room. No clothes on the ground, no clothes on the chair. There was nothing in the fitting room, except for herself and her lace underwear. Her bladder spasmed. "Mmmmm, I have to go, come on!" She pressed her hand in her crotch again, harder this time. "Think, Shana, think!" But she couldn't think of anything. While her hand still between her legs, she cautiously opened the curtain of the fitting room, and looked into the store. The store was filled with strangers, but she couldn't see Kathleen. She closed the curtain again, and sat on the chair. "Oh my God! I have to pee!"

She felt her heart pounding in her throat. "Mmmm, now what?" She panicked a little. She had to get out of here. But how? She didn't have any clothes to wear! She had to find a bathroom, before it would be too late. But then again; how? Staying here wasn't an option. "Oh Jezus!" Her heavy breathing stopped for a second or five. The pressure in her bladder was huge! She stood up, and pressed her sweaty hand between her legs once again. Shana stared at herself in the mirror. Well, she wasn't completely naked, so that was something. "Why didn't i go to the bathroom before? I should have gone minutes ago! Mmmm, i have to go pee somewhere, NOW!"

"Ok Shana, you can do this, just overcome your shame!" Slowly she opened the curtain again, and she saw the first people staring at her. It was a normal reaction off course, after all, this young girl was standing in an clothing store, only wearing a sexy lingerie set. "There, a rack full of clothing! Take the first thing you see and put it on!" Shana sprinted to the rack, took some blue mini shorts and a white t-shirt, and ran back into the fitting room. She bent down to put on the shorts, and squeezed her bladder together while doing that. "Please, hold it, don't pee your pants!" She pressed her fingers against the fabric of the lace panties, and pulled the shorts up. But immediately she noticed the anti-theft device pressing against her leg.

"Right, right, these clothes are secured! But oh, I have to pee so bad! I'll just buy them! But wait... I don't have any money with me? Shit! Think Shana! Maybe I can just run past security, and steal the clothes? But maybe... probably they'll catch me. And if they arrest me, when will I be able to go to the bathroom then? Oh, my bladder is killing me! Whatever you do, Shana, don't flood your panties! Oh, but I DO have to pee!"

She pressed her hand between her legs, trough the blue short, to be able to hold her pee inside her. "Oh, I need a white, shiny toilet!" She realised that keeping the shorts on wasn't an option, if she wanted to get out of the store. She pulled down the shorts, and left them on the ground. So, she was standing in underwear again, ashamed, humiliated. "Why does no-one help me?"

She felt her bladder stinging, and decided to move on, running towards the exit of the store.

"If I do it fast, I can make it! Just go to the right, and then the second aisle to the left!" She remembered where the toilets were from the week before. She felt the cold tiles under her bare feet, and shivered. She felt the cold running trough her legs, to her bladder, and she felt that a little trickle was ready to escape. She tried to hold her pee by pushing her both hands into her crotch, and by jumping up and down on her left leg.

"Oh no, oh no, not here! Shana, we're almost there! But i have to pee - oh so bad!"

Her prayers didn't help her very much, because her bladder became more painful by the second. She pressed even harder against her private parts with her ten fingers, but she couldn't help it; she felt a big wave of emotions running trough her entire body. For a moment she thought that she had lost it, but then realised that she had regained control over her bladder. Her fingers were a bit wet by the small amount of urine that had escaped from her bladder, and Shana looked down. There was a little wet spot on her panties, but it was hardly noticeable.

Shana looked up again, and saw that people were staring at her. But it wasn't over yet. "MMMmmmmm, I have to pee!" She kept both hands between her legs, and started running again. "I can't hold it any longer, I can't hold it any longer... mmmmm!" Fortunately, relief was in sight. Just another few meters. "We're almost there, hold on!" Shana almost peed in her pants, thinking about a bathroom. She ran past familiar stores, as fast as she could - the hands between her legs were slowing her down.

She kept running and running and running, and she ran past tons of stores, but she didn't see the toilets anywhere. She just kept running, but suddenly the aisle came to an end. "Oh, I have to peeeee, NOW! No, not now, I should have gone ages ago! Why am I still not in the bathroom?" Shana stopped, and did a wild pee-pee dance. She was sure that the bathroom was located in this aisle! Maybe she missed it? "Yes, that's probably it," she thought to herself, "I just ran past it! Oh fuck! Why now? I need to go SO bad!"

Shana swallowed, and started to run again in the other direction. She managed to do so for another ten meters, until she froze in the middle of the aisle. She couldn't run any further; Shana was breathless and powerless. Her bladder simply needed all her powers, and even worse; it was about to give up. "Oh, i have to pee, somewhere, now!" She gritted her teeth, and violently pushed her hands into her crotch. As hard as she could, she squeezed her private parts, through her panties. Shana couldn't think anymore. She clenched her trembling fingers, yet again. But it didn't help, no matter how hard she pressed; the plastic strip was still in her panties, and because of that strip, she couldn't press her pee hole directly. Shana's time was almost up. She had nowhere to go. She leaned against the concrete wall, and crouched down. She sobbed.

"Pp, ppp... peeee!" She clenched her fingers again, but the plastic strip was still bothering her. She tried to get it out of her panties, but failed. Another wave of pain was going trough her body. "Forget about the plastic strip," she thought. She pressed her panties to the left of her bikini line, so that she could touch her genitals directly. She knew that everyone could see her private parts in full glory, and she started crying. It was just too embarrassing.

She pressed her middle finger between her two lips, and felt a bit of wetness from her first spurt. The plastic strip came loose, and Shana tried to pull her panties back, so that her private parts would be covered again.

She released the pressure from her fingers to slide the fabric back, and again she felt her bladder throbbing violently. The pain took her breath away. A big yellow flow escaped from Shana's bladder, as she loosened the pressure on her pee hole. Her fingers became wet, and the released pee created a small stain on her panties. "I can't hold it any longer, i can't hold it any longer!" She tried everything she could to stop the flow, and she managed to do so for a few seconds. She pushed the fabric of her panties aside again, and pressed her fingers onto her bare lips. At that moment, Shana looked up.

There it was. In the middle of the aisle, just two meters from her. A big shiny toilet bowl. The toilet seat was down, the lit was up. It was just standing there, ready to be used. The bowl was on a platform, four white stairs up. Shana didn't hesitate. She stood up, but felt another spasm going trough her bladder. It was too late. She felt a little leak coming out of her pee hole, flowing against the finger that was pressing the sensitive spot. She walked to the platform, and the little leak became a small stream, tickling against her fingers. She tried to squeeze herself as hard as she could, but it didn't help. Her fingers compelled; harder, faster, stronger.

A little trickle poured past her fingers, but she could stop the big stream, at least for now. She stepped onto the first stair, and lost her balance; she pulled her hand away from her crotch, to make sure she didn't fall. She grabbed the handrail and recovered her balance, but her legs where wide open now, and she had left her pee hole unattended. There was nothing physical anymore that stopped Shana from peeing, and she knew it. A big yellow stream left her body, and there was nothing she could do about it. She didn't try to place her hand back; the only thing she tried, was getting on the toilet as fast as possible.

She heard how the trickling sound became louder, and the jet of pee splashed on the stairs, since her panties were still placed sideways. Big yellow drops sprinkled on her feet, but she was almost there. She tried to get on the toilet seat as fast as she could, and the stream followed her movements; onto the floor, onto the seat, and eventually into the bowl. Shana's panties became wet, and she felt the moisture creeping into her butt crack, but oh, finally she could release her pee! And it was in a toilet too! The feeling was amazing...

"MMmmmmm... That was close!" Shana thought, relieved. Suddenly she felt something bumping against her arm. "Shana, Shana!" Someone was calling her, but the call was very faint. The image of the toilet faded, and Shana's vision disappeared.

"Shana, Shana, wake up!", she heard the call again, louder this time. Shana slowly opened her eyes, and the face of Kathleen appeared before her. "Shana, wake up!" Shana didn't realise what was going on, and asked: "Where... where am I?" Kathleen didn't answer her question directly, but was shouting instead. "Shana, you are peeing the bed!"

"The bed?", Shana asked, "but then..." Immediately, she grabbed her crotch and felt the wet panties in her hand. Pee was still pouring from her body, and the little stream tickled her fingers. She realised what she was doing, and the feeling of relief faded away. Shana felt the tears welling up in her eyes; she was so ashamed of herself! "Ka... kath... leen... I... I", she sobbed. The last drops of pee were pouring past her fingers, as Kathleen turned on the lights and pulled the sheets away. She indignantly pointed at the wet sheets. "Look what you have done! You've soaked the bed!"

"So... sorry", Shana sobbed, "I..."

She covered her face with her hands, and started crying even louder.

Kathleen's anger became sympathy, and she apologized. "I'm sorry I said that, it's not your fault. Hey..."

She hugged Shana, and tried to console her.

"Come on, stop crying, before you wet the bed even more with your tears."

Shana laughed because of that remark, and removed her hands from her face. Her pink nightie was colored dark red below her belly button, and she was sitting in a big pool, in the middle of the bed. Both girls heard the birds singing outside.

Kathleen broke the silence. "It's seven o'clock. Come on, you better take a shower, don't you think?" Kathleen removed her consoling arm, and Shana stood up.

"Undress yourself, and I'll open the door," Kathleen said.

"Do you think that Evelyn and Femke are still sleeping?" Shana asked.

"Probably," Kathleen assured Shana.

Shana got out of her nightie, and asked Kathleen: "What am I going to do with my wet clothes?"

"Hand them over to me, I'll put them in a plastic bag," Kathleen answered.

Shana did doubt for a second, and then she pulled down her wet panties. A summer breeze entered the room, and Shana shivered. Her lower belly contracted, and few drops of urine trickled onto the floor. She tiptoed trough the room, totally naked, and halted before Kathleen. She laid her arms around Kathleen's neck, and begged: "Kathleen, I... Do you promise you won't tell Femke and Evelyn about this?"

Kathleen pulled Shana closer, to give her a good hug, and whispered: "I promise, this will be our little secret..."

Shana hugged Kathleen tightly. Kathleen felt Shana's wet legs pressing against her pyjamas, and Shana's erect nipples brushing her breasts.

"Go ahead, take a shower," Kahtleen commanded softly, and she pressed her lips against Shana's forehead. "Go..."

Shana freed herself from the arms of Kathleen, and closed the door behind her.

THE END

*006*2011-06-02 10:24

{{: 

Do you happen to have any omorashi fanfics in Dutch? They are not allowed on this forum, but a link to them would be very much appreciated.

}}

Yes, since last year I'm posting my completed Dutch stories in this thread at the Skymouse forum

. Warning: most of them are quite long (8 000 - 20 000 words per story). I'm sure you can find some older stories in that Dutch section too, but most of them (and the best of them) are in the thread.

(I also have a few unfinished stories in my personal collection, but usually I don't publish them as long as they are not completed. Writer's block can be a real pain in the ass sometimes ;))

FYI, in case someone's interested: I've also translated the first story of that thread to English, and you can find it at Shara and Gers site

(Stories -> Flush -> Emma's dilemma). Also a warning: that translation is pretty awful I'm afraid, I did translate it using the Google translation tool and tried to correct the mistakes afterwards... but still, it's not very good. Translating stories by hand gives better results, but it also takes so much more time. So I decided that I won't do that anymore.

*008*2011-06-02 12:07

Yeah, those are my stories :)

So you knew about them already? Cool. I barely get replies there and sometimes get the feeling that my efforts are a bit unappreciated - that's why I started to write in English too -> bigger audience and more positive comments... Off course, I'm writing those stories for myself too, it's not like I NEED a thousand replies, but some appreciation is always nice.

