Aroused and Desperate: An Avatar: The Last Airbender Fanfic PT: 2

Author: Foxlover

*000*2013-03-13 16:52

Katara grinned to herself as Azula slumbered in her chains, spent from the past few hours’ activities. Her ample ass was still a bit sweaty and it caught the firelight quite nicely, and it wiggled a bit as Azula slept. Katara placed her hand on Azula’s abdomen and closed her eyes. She sensed liquid, warm and acrid, brewing inside Azula. Katara grinned as she realized that Azula was subconsciously nursing a slowly growing lake of fresh urine in her bladder. She licked her lips, finding it immensely difficult to tear her gaze from Azula’s sleeping form, and partly wishing that it was HER bladder holding Azula’s pee, but she shook her head and got down to business. Suki would be here in about an hour to collect Azula, so the place needed to look presentable. Using her bending, she was able to restore all of the liquid back into the pot.

She picked it up and walked through a small corridor that led outside, not noticing Azula stir. She dumped the contents of the pot out and lifted her arms, thrusting them out in front of her. The pee rushed in a golden tidal wave down the dusty slope. Katara sighed, regretting having to waste pee that could very well be used to torture any bladder that she could force it into. She grinned to herself, knowing she would need some more, and she knew exactly where to get it. The prison had needed guards for Azula’s cell, and Suki and her Kyoshi warriors had readily jumped to the task. Katara was willing to bet now that they wished they hadn’t. They would be antsy by now, on duty for several hours without a break. Katara could almost picture them standing at attention, sweating profusely as their abdomens, swollen with urine, stretched painfully against their uniforms. This vision made Katara nearly dizzy with excitement as she rushed inside to where the guards stationed.

She looked around the fortress that she and her friends had been sent to in order to attempt peace talks with the princess of the Fire Nation. In actuality, it was more of a “this-is-what-we’re-going-to-do-so-just-stay-out-of-the-way” talk, but the formalities could not be overlooked. Katara walked over to the veranda where the guards were standing, stoic and unmoving. Katara walked by every woman in the line, including Suki, who tried to smile, then grimaced like she had relaxed too much. Katara set the pot down with a clatter, and she smiled as she saw some of the guards shift their weight from foot to foot. Katara watched as they all looked at her expectantly, barely able to stand still, and, yes, Katara was right; every single one of them was sporting a bulging abdomen.

Katara stood in front the waiting guards. “Suki, status report.” Suki stepped forward with difficulty. “We’ve been here all night, Katara, just as Zuko ordered. No messages from the outside.” Katara smiled. “Good work, Suki. Now, I assume that you all have been out here all this time, and could probably use a break, right?” Suki looked around at her bursting band of warriors, and then turned back to Katara. “I’ll be fine for a bit, but my girls have to pee like racehorses.” Katara grinned then stepped back, gesturing Suki to the pot.

“Well, then, have at it girls. Let it aaalllllll out.” A tall, black-haired girl was first in line as the warriors scrambled, pushing each other trying to get in line. She quickly tore down her dress and swung her leg over the pot.

Katara stood beside the waiting warriors and watched her release a huge stream of pee into the pot as soon as her pussy was free of her panties, moaning as the liquid splattered noisily into the makeshift toilet. The next girl in line was hunched over with both hands clamped to her pussy, her painted face beaded in sweat. Behind her, a raven haired girl was pee dancing furiously, her fingers fumbling as she struggled to undo her dress straps. The third girl stood with her legs crossed tight, biting her lip, eyes watering, while behind her another girl was holding her crotch under a hugely bulging bladder.

Then there was another brunette girl, like Suki, running on the spot and waggling her ass from side to side while the next girl was rubbing her thighs together, lifting one leg to press it against the other. Suki was last, and Katara saw that despite the fact that her bladder HAD to be full, she didn’t look nearly as desperate as her comrades. Katara felt her nipples get rock-hard as she stared at the second girl dance around, wondering if she´d be able to make it. The first girl had finally emptied herself and emerged, glowing in the euphoria of release while the second warrior was already hoisting up her dress, revealing a perfect ass that she hung over the chamber pot just as a torrent of pee exploded from her.

As she sighed in relief, Katara watched the other 5 girls double over almost in unison, each longing only to hang their bums over that blessed pot of relief.

This went on for a bit, each girl’s dance of desperation getting more and more frantic the closer she got to the pot and salvation from their bursting bladders. Finally it was Suki’s turn, who looked like she was in a pretty desperate stage now. But as she made her way to the pot, smiling giddily, already hiking up her dress and pulling aside her panties, Katara heard a voice from over the ramparts. “THE PRISONER HAS ESCAPED, I REPEAT, THE PRISONER HAS ESCAPED!” Katara’s blood turned to ice as she thought back to her evening with Azula, and then smacked her hand against her forehead. She had forgotten to have Azula sedated again before leaving the chamber. She looked over at Suki, who was staring at her with open-mouthed horror, and Katara motioned for her to follow. The two girls raced back to the corridor that led to Azula’s chambers.

Katara flung open the door “Oh no…” The chains lay in a clattered heap on the floor, and Azula was nowhere in sight. Suki and Katara rushed back out and into the peace-talk room, where they found Azula in a chair, dressed in a fancy Earth Kingdom robe and Ty Lee next to her. Ty Lee smiled. “I caught her as she was trying to make a break for it. Luckily, I was on patrol last night, without a SINGLE break, mind you,” Katara took this moment to glance at Ty Lee’s abdomen, which protruded slightly. “I heard her break the chains, so I ran to the prison and intercepted her, blocking her chi. Then took her back to her room, and made her put on the dress. I figured the negotiations should probably happen now, before she tries again.”

Katara smiled.

“Thank you, Ty Lee...” she said. Ty Lee curtsied and left the room swiftly, no doubt to relieve herself of a night’s accumulation of pee, Katara figured. Suki sat down opposite Azula. “Ok, Your Majesty…Sokka has drawn up some agreements that we believe will benefit both parties greatly. Zuko hopes to retain the Fire Nation’s heritage and standing amongst the nations, as long as hate crimes and unwarranted hostility towards other nationalities will cease.” Suki slid the papers toward Azula, who looked down at them disdainfully. She then glanced up at Katara. Katara rubbed her abdomen, pointed at Suki, and then winked at Azula before leaving the room, all beyond Suki’s knowledge. A smile crept across Azula’s face.

“Hmm…Yes, these seem like very cogent and reasonable proposals, but, I’m not sure if I can accept them.” Suki looked up at her, frowning. She had hoped that the princess would be cooperative. She really needed this meeting to be short, since she never got her turn over the chamber pot. “U-Um, well, if you’ll look at paragraph three, I think you’ll see that we’ve taken great lengths to-” Azula cut her off. “Make it so the Fire Nation will no longer be a threat to the world?” she asked calmly, still grinning. Suki wasn’t sure if she liked the way Azula was looking at her. “W-well, not necessarily, we still want you all to be ab-” Azula cut her off again. “Were you one of the women guarding my cell, Suki?”

Suki decided at this point that she’d better just go along with whatever Azula wanted, so she could get out of here, find a bathroom, then tell Katara about what happened. “Yes, yes I was…” Suki replied. Azula smiled. “So, with me being a high-risk prisoner and all, I guess you had to stay there for a while, huh?”

Suki swallowed, not sure where this was going. “Um…yes, I did. I was there all night.” Azula scooted her chair closer. “All night, hmm…without a single break?”

Suki just blinked. “O-oh, well, I-” Azula smiled wider. “Tell me, Suki, when was the last time you…took care of this?” Suki flinched as she felt a hand on her swollen abdomen. Azula clucked her tongue sympathetically. “Oh, so the big bad Kyoshi warrior needs a wee-wee, does she?” Suki felt anger seeping into her stomach. “I’m fine, Azula,” she stated grimly. Azula’s eyes widened with mock surprise. “Oh…so you don’t mind if I do…this?” She pressed her palm down into

Suki’s abdomen. Suki lurched forward as her brimmingly full bladder was compressed, causing her nearly to lose a spurt. “D-don’t do that…” Suki groaned. Azula’s lips parted, revealing her pearly white teeth. “Don’t worry, Suki…I’m in the same boat, I can admit it…” Suki felt her wrist being grabbed and placed on Azula’s smooth skin, right on her abdomen, which was nearly as swollen as Suki’s. Suki felt a tingle in her womanhood that had nothing to do with desperation. Azula’s smile softened. She looked to the window next to them and nodded. Suki was too busy rubbing Azula’s abdomen to notice Katara waving one of her hands. Azula looked under the table where a small bucket of urine sat.

She looked up at Suki. “You might wanna lift up your dress so it won’t get wet.”

Suki looked up at her. “What?” Azula merely smiled, spread her legs, lifted her skirts and pulled aside her panties. Suki had no idea what was going on, until she saw what looked like a liquid snake slithering into Azula’s urethra. Suki ducked under the table and saw the bucket, and some of the liquid in it disappearing into the folds of Azula’s labia. She looked up. Azula smiled again. “Go on, spread your legs, let it in.” Suki nervously spread her legs and pulled aside her panties, and at once, she felt a jet of liquid surge up her urethra into her already full bladder. She gasped with pleasure. The feeling was so…erotic. She looked up just in time to see Azula’s lips come crashing against hers. Suki’s eyes widened, then slowly began to close as she parted her lips to admit Azula’s tongue. She slowly began to move her hand toward Azula’s panty-less crotch, spreading her legs once again to allow Azula’s fingers near her soaking, simmering pit…

To be continued….

*003*2013-03-13 23:44

Lol, thank you, ma'am. :)

*005*2013-03-14 15:38

{{:

It was quite fantastic. When i saw it, I thought that the original aroused and desperate's name had been changed, but no. a whole new awesome story. Yay!

}}

It was orignally "aroused and Desperate", I really don't know why and how it got changed to "Aroused"

*007*2013-03-14 17:51

I dunno, man...

{{:

Wait, why can't we say this guy's name:

}}

I dunno, man...

*012*2013-03-19 02:45

{{ :

This is part 2!

It was amazing, though. Moar?

}}

This is actually Part 1 of Part 2. Partception. 

