SMB-Mario Really Needs to Pee!

Author: luigifantard

*000*2015-11-08 05:46

Something I've thought of for a while. I thought about putting in a little NSFW line where he comes,possibly aroused from relief. But then I thought,nah,maybe later. So here,have me torturing Mario with a full bladder whilst feeling no shame.

"Uuuhh..I need a restroom.."

Mario squirmed a little,his legs tightly crossed. He'd been outside for nearly two hours without finding anywhere suitable to relieve himself. He was stuck in a desert area,with a large brick building ,which was some sort of a temple,he thought. He regretted drinking all that water earlier to stay hydrated.

He tried to walk around and ignore the pressure building up in his bladder.-which was near impossible. Mario groaned and unsteadily shifted towards the side of the large temple. He really really needed to pee,and he could have just went somewhere over here,but peeing out in the open? Hell no. But his choices were slowly dwindling down to that one decision. One thing was clear-he needed a bathroom,and now. "Mmmmmhh...Gotta pee..."

Mario could barely move without feeling little twinges in his bladder,but he was able to get up the side of the building and inside-which revealed a hollow,cavernous space leading to the top. "Cool…" He took a couple steps forward in admiration, only for his bladder to give a sudden spasm.

"H-Hwaa!!" Mario jerked forward sharply,almost losing control. He obviously needed a bathroom,but he couldn't find one. Frantically looking around,he shifted a little closer to a door. It was marked with something, and Mario wanted to see what it said-hopefully it was a restroom.. Slowly but surely he pushed open the door by leaning on it-he was too desperate to use his hands,they were tightly pressed in his crotch to keep himself from leaking-and found a narrow hallway which led to somewhere outside. Frantically,Mario ran towards the hallway-only to feel another spasm followed by a tiny spurt of warm urine jetting out.

"A-Ah!!" Mario nearly screamed as he ran down the hallway. He bit his lip trying not to moan,he had to go really badly...But running seemed to be a bad idea,as more spurts of warm pee jetted out,becoming increasingly longer. There was a tiny wet spot in the crotch of his overalls,and at the end of the hallway there was a warp pipe which led to outside. He quickly jumped into the pipe,his bladder giving another spasm,causing him to leak more.

Mario was desperate. He really really needed to pee. "U-Uuuuhh...nnnnhh.." He hopped around on one leg,shifting from foot to foot while his hands were pressed tightly into his crotch. Sighing,he realized and accepted the fact that he had no choice but to pee outside. He unsteadily shuffled behind the large building,grabbing his crotch and pressing intensely,only to feel another,intense spasm,followed by a small yet long spurt which would have quickly turned into a flood if Mario hadn't regained control of himself. "O-Ohh..." His bladder felt tight and painful,and he was sure that he had a small bulge where his overfilled internal organ was. "Gotta go,gotta go..." he mumbled to himself.

He unsteadily unzipped the small zipper on his overalls,and after a while his manhood was held steadily yet shakily with both hands. It was bad enough having to pee outside,and the last thing he needed was someone seeing his private body parts.

"C-Come on..." Mario squirmed and fidgeted,he really,really needed to pee. When he was sure he was alone,he relaxed and let himself lose control of his bladder.

"Aahhhhhhh~...Mama Mia..." Mario sighed loudly as the warm liquid instantly jetted out of him with near violent force,curving into a perfect arch before splattering the side of the building. A loud hissing sound had formed while his body forced out the urine. Finally getting to pee felt deliciously relieving for him,especially since he'd been holding it for that long. The urine trickled down the wall to the sand below,where it at first dried up upon touching the hot sand,but then gradually formed a small puddle,which increased in size over time. He was suprised that he'd been holding that much urine for so long. The pain in his lower abdomen still didn't go away though. His bladder was being filled as fast as it was being emptied. Nevertheless Mario continued peeing.

"O-Ohhhh~..." Mario was completely beyond himself in relief and euphoria. A small drop of drool trickled down his mouth,which hung slightly agape from his relief. He felt unsteady-his legs were shaking a little,his muscles exhausted from keeping his bladder from overflowing. "Mmmmhhh...that's better.." he moaned to himself. This sensation felt amazing and relieving...More relieved,pleasured moans and sighs escaped him time to time.

When he was done-or he thought he was-he tucked his manhood back into his overalls,only to feel another intense twinge. "N-Not done...!!" He quickly pulled it back out and let loose another stream of urine onto the wall. "Aaahhhhhh....This feels soooo much better..." He couldn't help it,the relief was taking over. "Ohh..." He figured he'd be here for a while.

