Hot Bursting Girl Dressed As Santa's Elf!

Author: Brenman

*009*2021-12-03 02:11

PART 3

“Where did she go?” asked my mother.

“She said she’s going to Starbucks.” my dad replied. “Where’s Judy?” my dad asked my mom.

That’s right, I thought, we were supposed to meet mom’s friend Judith downtown, that’s why we came here, that and to shop.

“Oh that’s right. Here, let me call her.” Susan said as she pulled her phone from her purse and pressed to call Judith, bringing the phone up to her ear.

“Yeah, yeah Judy. hey, we’re here! Where are you? Oh yeah?” my mom looked around, presumably looking for Judith. “We’re over here near the- near the apple cider stand on the corner I guess. Okay we’ll see you soon.” said my mom as she brought the phone down from her ear and ended the call finally. She replaced the phone in her purse and turned to the rest of us. “Mom, you remember Judy, my British friend.” said my mother Susan, before she turned to Harold, “Judy’s the greatest, I’ve known her forever.” she said.

“Cool.” said Harold, looking around, I’m just happy to be here.

“Okay well while we’re just standing here I’m gonna get in line to get us some hot apple cider, siad my father as he walked over towards a large wooden wagon in the shape of an apple with a couple teenagers working the stands, selling steaming cups of cider. Just as he walked away, Laury frantically stepped back up to us, still stepping from foot to foot, clearly still deprived of her relief. My mom asked her,

“What happened at Starbucks?”

“There’s no public restroom, apparently they’ve had too many homeless people and now there’s no bathroom for the public, and the line for the counter is super long right now and I can’t even think about drinking any more coffee…” Laury said as the speed of her subtle pee dancing was increasing now, looking truly like she were on top of an invisible stair master machine, her legs never stopping moving.

“Okay well I need to go to the restroom too, so I’ll go with you.” my mother said. Harold’s jaw was hanging open and he touched the front of his pants near his crotch again as he stared at Laury. My own heart rate was quickening rapidly now too as I watched the increasingly desperate Laury do her pee dance on her thin, model’s legs encased in candy cane stockings. My penis was straining on the inside of my underwear, and I quickly and subtly turned round for a moment and adjusted the direction my erection was facing so as to allow for greater comfort.

“What are we waiting for?” asked Laury, looking pleadingly at my mother, while still trying to keep some semblance of a polite smile before everyone, Sherry giving Laury a suspect glower now.

“My friend Judy is meeting us here. We’re just waiting here for her to meet us and then we’ll go and find a restroom.” my mom said to Laury. My step mom may have needed to pee as she claimed but she clearly was as desperate as Laury, who just turned away and stepped in little circles before resting her hands on my sister’s shoulders a moment, staring into her eyes, saying,

“I really need to pee.”

“i can see that. You’re about to go to a restroom.” Cassie said reassuringly, looking around for another establishment that would have a public bathroom.

Finally my mother’s friend Judith located us and walked up to us.

“Hey guys! Alex! John! Good to see you guys again!” she said. Judith was my mother’s long-time friend from England, a cute woman in her early forties with a blonde bob hair cut and a cute if slightly mousy smile and demeanor. Judith looked a lot like actress Cary Mulligan. Judith had a polite sounding if quaint, British accent and always had the best manners, in a way that so many Brits often do. She’d met my mom years ago, and today, as she embraced my mom, she wore a long, thick, bronze colored skirt over that went past her knees over beige stockinged legs and beige stylish snow boots. She wore a golden colored sweater and had a stylish white hat on top of her blonde bob hair. She looked to Harold and Laury next,

“i really like your hat.” Judith said to Laury, looking up at the Santa hat on Laura’s head. Laury managed to stammer out a shaky,

“Thanks”. as she tried to drive down her walking-in-place in front of a new person.

“Judith” Judith said as she extended her hand out for Laury to shake it. It took Laury great effort to extend her hand and shake Judith’s as it cause Laury to bend slightly at the abdomen in order to reach out to Judith, no doubt putting greater pressure momentarily on her bladder. I looked down to Laury’s stomach, and could see, in spite of her frilly green dress, that usually incredibly thin stomach looked today to be quite full and rounded, no doubt holding a bladder full of too much coffee and water…

Judith finished introducing herself to the rest of us, Sherry smiling at her only fellow blonde as she shook her hand, and just then my dad stepped back up to us carrying tray of cider mugs.

“Here, take one, take one.” he was saying as he began handing the steaming cider out to all of us. Laury, in spite of her full bladder, gladly took her drink and began sipping it, likely tempted by the warmness of the beverage, contrasting with her foolish decision to wear so skimpy an outfit in the cold temperatures of the city. She took a long gulp then brought the drink down quickly from her lips, and it was then, at this moment, for the first time, that I saw Laury do cross yet another threshold of her increasing desperation. She reached down, and clutched her crotch through her minidress for a couple seconds, then brought her hand away and continued her pee-dance stepping in place, again looking around in all directions as if scanning like radar for a bathroom.

The adults were sort of distracted now talking with each other, my dad greeting Judy and making small talk with her, this being the first time my parents had seen their friend in several months now, they were so happy she could join them here for Thanksgiving, and meanwhile the four of “us kids”, Cassie, Laury, Harold and myself, were sort of isolated together in one corner of the the little clearing in the crowd that our family made. Laury seemed slightly less self conscious when she felt she was talking only among us, people her own age, as she then turned to us while touching her crotch for a moment again, saying,

“You guys, look for a bathroom, I really need to pee.” as her eyes scanned around in all directions. It was only then at this moment that it occurred to me that Laury might seriously have a problem in this part of town, at least as far as locating a public restroom for herself was concerned. This was a mostly retail area, it was enormously crowded, the coffeeshops had locked away their restrooms due to the city’s increasing homelessness problem, and any restaurants in the area would likely offer restrooms to customers only, reinforced by having a padlock door handle, and Laury was hardly in any kind of position to be able to wait in line for a table at a restaurant by herself right now, just so that she could use the establishment’s facilities. I was suddenly incredibly amused by her situation, as well as incredibly excited.

I watched Laury pee dance on the snow where she stood, half expecting the sexy little girl to turn the snow yellow right where she stood, as the looked like a water balloon ready to pop and release her liquid contents in a cascade rushing down between her legs onto the ground below.

She was stepping and stepping and stepping in place constantly, a classic pee dance, but she couldn't get anyone to pay attention to her desperate need, and anyway what would it help. Suddenly, her eyes caught sight of something that really brought her a felling of torture, there was a line of several men that looked to be probably in their late twenties, and one young boy, who were lined up and were actually peeing onto the birch trees there at the far perimeter of the snowy public square. Either from having their minds lubricated by spiked cider or beer, or just simply not caring if people could see them from behind and knew what they were doing, these men had decided to empty their bladders in the good old fashioned way that men almost never seem to mind, peeing on trees in the open. As Laury caught sight of the men, and her eyes drifted down and saw their streaming yellow streams, she huched forward and clutched herself between the legs for a few long seconds, groaning,

“UGGHHHHHH, fucking men think they can just whip their cocks out and pee anywhere they please.” she squeezed herself tightly before standing up straight and letting go of herslef, continuing her feverish pee dance, bringing her legs a LOT higher into the air now as she walked in place, so high now that at her knees peak I could almost see her little thong panties again beneath her skirt, almost… “UGH! I have to pee like a fucking horse right now.” she said, aggressively, though she must have meant to say “racehorse”.

What if she just squatted down in the snow next to the birch trees like the men? Who could blame her? I thought to myself, plus the thought of getting to see this young girls’ squatting, pissing pussy as she peed and peed and released hours worth of morning urine into the snow below her while scantily dressed as a Santa’s-little-helper-elf was almost too searingly sexy to even consider. My boner had grown outrageously hard in my pants, watching Laury dance and squirm, the anxious expression on her face slowly killing out the friendly one, as she kept walking in place, lifting her knees high into the air.

I looked closer and could actually see that goosebumps had formed on the naked flesh of her upper thighs, the cold wintry temperatures clearly getting to the thin young girl in little clothing. I wanted to reach down and touch myself, to give myself some kind of relief to the sexual tension growing in my pants, but couldn’t rightly do that without someone noticing. Laury meanwhile couldn’t take her anxious looking eyes away from the streaming urine splashing down onto the snowy branches of the birch trees, as the men in coats peed and peed lined up together, their urine melting through the snow, turning it yellow.

I watched as the adults continued to absentmindedly make small talk while this teen girl clearly was dying to relieve herself, mesmerized by a line of pissing cocks just meters away from where we were, and thought to myself that I would love it if Laury was forced, just forced by manners to stand here until the pissed herself right where she stood, and drenched her candy cane stockings. The amount of money I wish I could pay to own those stockings afterward would be quite staggering, I tell you, if only I were a rich man. Just then, completely out of the blue, Harold asked Laury something really brazen as his eyes locked onto her stepping legs and a mischievous grin crossed his face.

“Describe how it feels for you right now.” he said to Laury, watching her legs. I expected her to slap him, or to rebuke him, I didn’t know what to expect exactly, but it was a rude question for sure. Much to my surprise however, without any hesitation or even time to think at all, Laury at once responded to him with utter candidness as she quickly said,

“Well, It like, it hurts, how badly I have to pee right now, and plus-“ her wet shoes stepping quickly in place on snow, “plus I shaved today and I can feel the coldness around my va…” she blushed hot pink saying this, “…around my,,, around my underwear cause I don’t have any hair around there now, and it…” my GOD! Was she really saying this?! Did she really just describe the coldness of the air touching her naked, shaven pussy around her panties? “it’s just, like, the coldness is making me have to pee even more, plus all those men are pissing right there.” her voice shaking, sounding like she was nearly crying on the word, “there”, she said motioning ahead to the line of peeing men. “and I, GOD, I have to PISS!” she said, with real tone and frustration growing in her voice now. “I really need to pee.” she announced to us once more.

Laury quickly stepped over to where the adults were and stepped up to my mother, interrupting her talking to her friend Judith.

“I’m sorry, I need to go to the bathroom. But I don't see anywhere to go.” looking up at my mother with pleading eyes. Laury continued her feverish walking in place as she got my mother’s attention. Judith spoke up at this too.

“I could also use a loo, I didnt’ see any on my way over here.” Judith said, in her cute British accent, using the British term “loo” to mean restroom.

“Okay, well lets find a bathroom.” said my mother, before turning to my dad, saying, “Us girls are gonna find a restroom real quick, you’ll all be out here shopping?”

“sure” was all my dad said, before the girls turned and left, leaving my dad, Sherry, Harold and I to shop and peruse the holiday thees tents to our own devices now. It was a merry shopping excursion for sure, and I noticed my dad sampling several different flavors of honey before selecting one of the jars, no doubt to use later back at the house to ale one of his famous holiday hot toddies, only famous to him within the family because he increased the dose of all of the main ingredients, save for the hot water, making it a very strong and very pungent drink indeed, especially given the high does of lemon juice my father used.

Sherry meanwhile was walking and chatting with Harold politely as they glanced down at woven leather purses that one family was selling at a tent. People were passing by us constantly and so we decided to stay together, the four of us, so that we wouldn't lose each other. Sherry selected a couple of purses and neglected to have them wrapped, deciding instead to hide them in her much larger purse which she carried draped over her shoulder. My dad turned back and decided apparently to buy several additional jars of the honey he'd just purchased, exclaiming,

“what the hell, why not just get a bunch of it while I’m here? It’s delicious.” My dad pointed out several different flavors of honey he wanted to purchase, some of it cream honey, some of it clear, wondering out loud how the creamy honey would fast in a hot toddy. I was right, I thought to myself, he was planning on making hot toddies. Cassie was busy admiring lots of little swirling ballerinas dancing to music on little head held music boxes, displayed on a table in front of one tent. I watched as Cassie bent forward to read the writing etched into the base of on the music boxes, once again exposing the panties on my sister’s big ass as her tiny little dress rode up behind her. I noticed Harold watching Cassie too, and his eyes definitely flicked down to her butt periodically. How could I blame him? My sister had a big butt, a nice round ass like porn star Madison Chandler…

We walked past a tent of handmade wooden birdhouses, a tent selling wreaths, a tent selling ceramic Christmas ornaments, a tent selling CDs of Christmas music, all kinds of nice products being sold at great quantities for the holidays. After about twelve minutes since they'd left us, Susan, Judy and Laury came back up to us and joined us.

“Hey! There you guys are!” said my dad. I looked at Laury, her face looked incredibly anxious now, her eyes nearly bulging out of her head, as she looked around frantically with her eyes, blowing out puffs of air from her inflated cheeks as she fought, really fought, the urge to reach down and hold herself between her dancing legs. She walked in place, and looked very out of breath, lifting her knees so high into the air at this point that her thonged little crotch officially came back into view with each and every raise of her legs.

The bottom of her stomach above her thong underwear looked extremely rounded, extremely full, extremely firm holding the contents of a full bladder, and only a tiny little red slit of cotton was covering the tightly contracting opening for this overly full water balloon of a petite nineteen year old’s bladder. Laury’s face bore an expression of absentminded panic now, as if she were in a crowd of people but in her own world altogether now, her find focused solely on having the chance to locate somewhere for her to pee!

“There are no public bathrooms anywhere. John, come on, we have to go home. Come on, the shopping will all be here tomorrow, it’ll be here til Christmas” my mother said breathlessly, and I noticed looking down, that she was curtsying her knees together now, and it looked definitely as though the urgency of her own need to urinate had significantly increased.

“Okay, I wont fight. You’re the one who wanted to come down here shopping.” my dad said. “The car’s back this way, right?” he said, motioning in front of himself with the box of honey he was carrying. We all set off at once in the direction of the area where we had parked the car, and paused once we’d reached it to decide how we were all gonna fit into the car together now. Judy was riding with us back to the rental house too, as she was to be staying with us for the holiday as well. It was decided that Harold would sit beside the box of honey and Sherry’s luggage in the backseat, as there was nowhere else where these items could fit.

But where was Sherry to sit now? Someone was going to have to sit on someone else’s lap, and though I would have died for Laury to sit her desperate sexy little ass on my cock, just dreaming, just praying for her to let loose and flood my crotch with her sexy pent up pee, my sister then very politely offered to move to the back row with Harold and let Sherry have a seat in the row beside Laury and myself. Laury once again got the seat in the middle and she looked in the car at the middle seat reluctantly, before glancing back over her shoulders at the birch trees behind her, as if tempted to make a dash over and squat right there in the snow among so many puddles of guy piss, lingering everywhere, it was just so unfair for girls who needed to pee in public while me could do so so freely…

Laury reluctantly climbed into the middle seat, almost as if she knew it would be extra difficult for her to climb out of the middle seat in the event that she needed to make a last second, “emergency exit” from the car. Her skirt rode up and displayed her sexy red-thonged clad crotch as she took a wide step into the car and planted her ass, bringing her thighs tightly together as quickly as she possible could, her legs constantly bouncing up and down. My God she was hot. Oh, to see this sexy girl pee, and turn her stockings orange and yellow with her golden female nectar. My painful erection was uncomfortable positioned in my pants but I was far too self conscious to actually try to adjust myself with Laury seated right next to me.

Cassie climbed in the backseat with my buddy Harold now, and with a matter-of-fact look at Harold, planted her fat ass right on his crotch, her little mini dress was at first too short to stay covering her butt as she sat, and she sat on the crotch of Harold’s trousers with nothing between his pants and her pussy but her thin cotton panties, before she stood up slightly and brushed her skirt back under her big butt, the short frilly hemline just barely staying beneath her. I saw Harold gulp and it looked for a moment like he was also in pain, or perhaps it was just the look of someone who didn’t expect to be in quite the sexy circumstances he currently found himself within. But wait, this still didn't leave enough room. What about Judy? Judith stood outside the car still while Sherry got into the seat beside Laury. We had miscalculated.

“What about me?” Judith said with a sheepish smile as she looked inside our mini van.

“Oh shit, yeah, right, gee, what are we gonna do?” my mother said, looking back towards the interior of the car and all of us in it with concern.

Laury’s eyes looked like they were nearly in tears as she quickly let out a quiet whimper and without saying anything, without any warning at all, she lifted her sexy little butt from the seat next to me and planted herself seated right on my crotch. As hot as this should have been, it actually hurt a bit as Laury sat directly upon my uncomfortably positioned erection, her body weight weighing down on it painfully for a second before I, without even thinking, immediately, angrily, placed by hands under her butt cheeks, cupping her naked ass cheeks in my palms and raised Laury’s bodyweight off of me several inches as I reached down and quickly adjusted my boner so that it was facing up towards my stomach, sighing in relief from the pain as I allowed Laury’s butt to sit back down on my crotch, my penis now nestled between her cheeks.

Laury was in a different world entirely and was frantically beckoning for Judith with her hand, to enter the car and sit down, presumably so that we could finally get to the house and poor Laury could pee. Judith got in, and we departed. It was very slow going, the traffic being astronomically heavy at this time from all of the shoppers.

“Guys I need to get out.” Laury said. “I cant sit in this traffic, please, I really really need to pee.” she said as her desperate looking eyes scanned the wintry outside surroundings the evening light beginning to fade now as the bright pink winter sunset began. The rapid trembling of her thighs caused Laury’s nice girly ass to vibrate subtly but constantly on my lap, like the tremors warning of a distant impending Earthquake, or perhaps in her case, a flood…

“You can’t get out, where are you gonna go?” my dad asked.

“I’ll find somewhere, please I really can’t wait anymore.” Laury said, as she unabashedly reached down and held her crotch tightly under her skirt now, nothing between her fingers and her pussy lips but a tiny little thong now, through which she could easily apply pressure. She didn’t bring her hands away from her crotch anymore, she held herself tightly and didn’t care who was watching, she was so beyond caring at this point. I took a tiny moment just to reflect on the luck of my current circumstances.

Here was this girl who in school would be way to hot and bitchy ever to show me the time of day, in spite of being two years younger than me, and he she was rendered powerless to stop her squirming and bouncing and vibrating through her tiny little minidress as she fidgeting all over my cock through my thin trousers. If she didn’t need to pee so badly and had any more awareness of her current surroundings she’d surely have noticed my rock hard dick through my pants (she was sitting right on it after all) but currently, she just couldn't afford to care, she just needed to piss. Sherry spoke up next, apparently having had enough of Laury’s frantic antics.

“You girls really should attempt to exercise ore self-control.” Sherry said, looking beside her at Laury fidgeting and bouncing on my lap. Laury just groaned in pain as she continued to hold her crotch tightly, sitting on my lap. When was the flood to arrive? I asked myself. When was this sexy little bitch gonna soak my cock with her hot urine? I was dying for Laury to just “spring a leak” and be unable to recover control, relinquishing her long fight with her vaginal muscles and just drenching my groin with a cascade of her hot, steaming urine, soaking my hard cock, but still, my lap was dry, no flood yet.

Laury just bounced and bounced her thighs as she she sat on top of me holding herself, letting out LOUD sighs of frustration and long shaky breaths between pursed lips as her eyes scanned the outside world for an establishment where she could pee.

“Back in my day, a girl could never just announce she needed to pee. It would never happen.” Sherry said again, reinforcing her statements earlier.

“Mom, times have changed, women have rights now. Plus give her a rest, she’s desperate. She needed to pee even before we picked you up from the airport.”

“UGHHHHHH” Laury groaned and rocked back and forward on my lap, hearing my mother express her need aloud like this. Laury was squeezing her crotch very tightly, and opened her legs wider now so that her fingers could get a deeper, tighter grip on her womanhood beneath her skirt.

“Well for you information, I also haven’t peed, sorry, gone to the bathroom, since before my flight, and I could also use a restroom in the hopefully not very distant future.” Sherry said. “I just have the patience and decency to wait til a bathroom is presented, that’s all.” Sherry said to us all.

“I could really use a loo too, sorry.” Judith said with a subtle bounce in her seat. My god, did every girl in the car need to pee? I looked back at my sister Cassie, seated in Harold’s lap. She was also holding her legs together tightly and bouncing very subtly. Her eyes had a look of mild focus and she blew air between her lips in a way that looked unnatural, like she were trying to whistle but failing, or like she too had some growing pressure inside her body but just hadn’t voiced it yet.

Why was Cassie so silent about her need? I wondered. I looked past Cassie to my buddy Harold, the man who Cassie’s fat ass was currently seated on top of, and was surprise to see that Harold’s face bore a look of sheer distress and discomfort, and for a moment I wondered what was the matter. It didn’t take me long to realize that he must also be hard in his pants, and so far deprived of an opportunity to adjust himself, he just had to put up with it as Cassie’s big round, heavy ass weighed down on his misplaced boner with the full weight of her thick (sexy) body. At leasts Cassie’s butt was big and pliable enough to distribute her body weight in a way that was fairly egalitarian on poor Harold’s crotch, and he’d taken to holding Cassie on the sides of her torso while she rode in the car on top of him.

“Wow, all us girls need to pee, huh?” Sherry now asked candidly. “Just a good thing I’m so well trained to hold, my god, look at this traffic.” she said, looking out. Just then, the situation became slightly less hopeless as we were finally able to turn of the main road and get onto a residential side street off the win avenue. My dad knew the area well enough it seemed that he could snake thorught he suburns to make it over t the other main roads, before cutting down to the road we needed that led out to the countryside road where the rental house was located.

Laury just looked to and fro with panic at all of the passing houses beside her, big inflatable Santa Clauses and (like her) Santa’s elves, adorning the front lawns of this area that seemed to be fairly high income. Her thighs were scissoring and fanning in and out now, but she never let go of her crotch anymore. We made it to the end of the suburb and my dad turned onto the road that led out to the countryside road now, and though we’d escaped most of the traffic now, the journey down this road back to the rental house was still another good ten to twelve minute trek.

TO BE CONTINUED...

P.S. LIKE MY WORK? GET A SPECIALIZED STORY JUST FOR YOU! COMMISSION ME! CONTACT!

*011*2021-12-03 10:23

PART 4

“UGHHHHHH” Laury groaned as she once again splayed her legs wider on my lap, before reaching down and clawing at her womanhood tightly. “That’s it, I need to get out of the car.” she said, as she reached over and actually lifted the lock on the door! presumably to be that much closer to peeing once the car had stopped, “Excuse me, Mr. Reiner? Please, if you could like please find somewhere with like some trees or something where I can pee, I really cant hold it anymore. Please find somewhere and stop the car please.” Laury whimpered in an extremely distressed sounding voice, her voice cracking on some of the words, her cheeks blushing a profuse red with the mortification of her desperate bodily plight, holding herself like a little girl in front of everybody in the car.

I looked back towards Cassie sitting on Harold’s lap. Cassie just gazed at her friend Laury in empathy while Harold’s face was was of managed pain, as he gripped my sister at the sides of her torso and attempted to manage the body weight of her heavy ass so that it couldn’t mash his boner too hard while it was straining against the inside of his tight underwear inside his pants.

Cassie didn’t say anything and didn’t seem to mind Harold holding the sides of her body, and only one curious moment, as I watched the pair in the rear view mirror, did I see Cassie’s eye brows furrow as her eyes glanced down to Harold’s hands holding her, with a strange, outlandish look in her eyes, for how I’d always known her as my sister anyway, there was an annoyance, or an irritation in her eyes, but a hungry sort of irritation it looked, slightly dark, slightly demonic looking, that glower in her eyes as they fixated on Harold’s hands clutching her body, a sultry sort of darkness filled with curiosity, with intrigue…

Harold meanwhile was only attempting to balance Cassie’s weight off of his boner, and in spite of Cassie’s big round ass being planted right on his cock again (the hemline of her mini dress had riden up again behind her), it looked, quite logically, like he was actually doing everything in his power to keep his eyes off Cassie’s big round ass on his lap, likely in an attempt to lose his arousal and have his painful erection subside, at least long enough for him to get the chance to adjust himself in his pants.

“UHNNNNN” Laury groaned into her palm, trying to quiet her shrill noises as she breathed heavily and shook so violently on my crotch, as she held her own, that it almost seemed as if her entirely body was being electrocuted, so voluminous were the vibrations of her trembling body, desperately fighting not to flood with little panties, and the floor of the car, with an enormous puddle of hot girl-piss. Sherry kept her mortified, angry glower fixed on the ceiling of the car in opposition to the teen girl’s lewd measures at containing her pent up urine, while Judith, seated at the window on the opposite end of the row, just looked over at us once, before blushing and politely averting her gaze to the lawns passing by her window.

“John.” my mom said. “I think you’re really gonna have to pull over, I think she’s really gonna pee. Baby, are you gonna be able to hold it til the house?” my mom asked, looking back at Laury with genuine empathy for the desperate, groaning girl squirming all over my lap.

“Ugh” Laury groaned as she pulled her hand away from her mouth, her glorious thighs bouncing on my lap in her red and white stockings, as she whined out a shaky, “I’m really trying to hold it, but it’s really hard right now.” Yeah, so is my dick, but nobody asked me, I thought to myself. I looked back at Harold, the look on his face indicating that his painful erection was still giving him grief, pinned beneath Cassie’s fat ass. Harold spoke up here, maybe to distract himself, maybe to take his mind off of anything arousing,

“Did you know that Santa Clause is based on an old Siberian tribal shaman who did mushrooms as a new year’s celebration ritual?” he said.

“What was that?” Judith asked, in her bright, cute British accent.

“Yeah what?” asked Sherry.

“It’s true”, Harold said. “You can look it up, the Siberian shamans wore red and white suits like Santa, based on the red and white mushrooms that they ate for psychedelic trips that went with reseting their minds for the new year.” Harold said, edifying the car. Laury just bounced and bounced with tight little bounces on my lap, and her breathing was becoming tighter and tighter, louder and louder, as we drove. Harold continued. “And get, this, to distribute the mushrooms around the snowed in village of their people, the shamans would have to drop the mushrooms down people’s chimney’s because their front doors were completely snowed in.” he said, with an air of confident pontification to the passengers inside the mini van.

“Oh, just like Santa bringing gifts down the chimney.” Sherry said.

“Oh yeah, right, hey that’s pretty neat.” Judith said. Laury spoke up again, tapping my dad rapidly and urgently on the shoulder as he drove, he glanced over in annoyance as Laury announced,

“Mr. Reiner, I really need you to stop for me. I really need to get out and pee somewhere, sir.” This was odd, I thought, all of the “Mr. Reiner”s and “sir”s were entirely new in Laury’s typically bratty and slightly rude speech, it seemed her desperate circumstances had humbled her and forced her to become more polite, My Fair Lady style. HOT. I thought. I was so turned on I couldn’t think straight, feeling like I was high on nitrous oxide or something, as it seemed like half the blood in my body had concentrated by this point in my hardened penis.

“Look, there’s nothing but lawns here, what are you gonna do pee in someone’s lawn?” my dad asked, gesturing around. Laury just trembled, trying her hardest to somehow speak coherently,

“Mr. Reiner, please… I just need to pee…” Laury moaned, her voice seeming to become higher in it’s pitch as she spoke. She was holding herself with both hands now, sitting in my lap and her bouncing, sexy ass rode my cock gently through my pants as the young girl rocked her lithe body to and fro on top of me, fighting with all her might not to give me a golden shower in the car’s seat where we sat, a real super-soaker, a really hard splash. But still her hands, and her vaginal muscles fought hard and muscled through it, still my crotch was not yet soaked with Laury’s pee, but felt like it was truly a matter of time, of minutes, if not seconds before my lap was to be flooded with Laury’s hot piss… “Mr. Reiner I need you to stop, I’ll pee behind a bush, please.” Laury begged from where she sat, her voice sounding breathy and almost sultry, like Marylin Monroe’s voice when she infamously sang to Kennedy at Christmas time.

“Wow” Sherry said, rolling her eyes sarcastically with disapproval at Laury bouncing on my lap just next to her. Cars were passing by us constantly on the other side of the road, cars were lined up behind us, and nothing but big broad, countryside lawns passed by on either side of this thin and narrow country road, most of the lawns adorned with holiday decor of both (Thanksgiving and Christmas) decorations.

“As soon as there’s somewhere isolated for you, I’ll pull over.” my dad stated adamantly, “there are no side roads out here, we’re just stuck on this road until the house, it’s a few more minutes.” my dad insisted. Harold spoke up, seeming to think that perhaps his cultural history lesson might politely distract the car from Laury’s desperate antics,

“So get this you guys, you know how Santa places our gifts at the bottom of a Christmas tree, well that harks back to the fact that the amanita muscaria mushrooms, the mushrooms that the Siberian tribes were eating and tripping on, grew at the bottom of Birch trees, these perennial, coniferous trees a lot like pine trees, like Christmas trees, and get this, you know how Santa’s sleigh is pulled by reindeer? Well guess what pulling around the sleds of the Siberian shamans as they visited all the different homes in their village, that’s right, reindeer.”

“Wow” Judith uttered, turning back and smiling at Harold, clearly impressed with this esoteric bit of holiday knowledge.

“And if you think that’s far fetched, guess what, the reindeer also enjoyed eating the amanita muscaria mushroom and tripping on it too.” Harold said.

“Is that right?” my mother asked incredulously from the front seat.

“Yes it is!” Harold exclaimed. “They get extremely aggressive over those mushrooms, so much so that if you’ve even eaten those shrooms recently and you got to take a piss in the snow, the reindeer will actually knock you over to get the chance to drink your shroom piss!” Harold said, not realizing this would trigger poor Laury, as just then, at the final word, “piss!” her vagina released just the faintest little spurt of piss, that dribbled past her thong and landed in golden little beadlets that rolled down the surface of my undulating pants, some of the beads of urine pooling together on the fabric’s surface, seeming to have trouble soaking into the fabric however.

It wasn’t much, just enough urine to make up a tiny little pool slightly larger in diamater than a quarter, on my lap, but was indeed another threshold broken, this time quite literally, as poor Laury’s tortured little pussy was slowing beginning to lose the fight to control herself, the flood was soon to break through, and I braced myself for the coming feeling of warm girl pee that was soon to soak my whole lap for sure. Laury gripped herself with her left hand so tight the knuckles turned white, while her right hand continued it’s feverish hammering at my dad’s driving shoulder as she asserted, in her frantic, desperate, high pitched voice,

“Mr. Reiner, that’s it, I need you to pull over.” she insisted between loud, deep, strained breathing. “I need to piss. I need to piss like a horse. I need to piss like a horse right now, Mr. Reiner, please pull over..” Laury begged as her right hand jackhammered my father’s shoulder to monopolize his attention. “I’m gonna piss like a horse…” Laury’s words were shaky and stammering, they began to break with coherence, “Oh God, I’m gonna horse-piss…” she said. “Please stop the car Mr. Reiner, please, I really need to pee.” she begged with urgency. With my dad showing no sign of slowing the car, in spite of her begging, Laury finally snapped and yelled, “JOHN!!! Pull the car over NOW!!!” screaming at my father with real anger this time…

My dad pulled the car over and stopped, as Laury’s hand quickly flung to the door handle next to me and jostled her weight to jump out of the car as soon as she was able to get the door opened. Laury was whimpering loudly and frantically as she clutched her crotch for dear life, her candy cane stocking bouncing wildly. The car hadn't even come to a stop by the time she had shoved the door open and flung clear of the car outside, she slammed the door shut and grabbed her crotch tightly as she bent over a couple of precious seconds, before straightening up quickly and running aimlessly out in front of the car, but with nowhere to run.

“Did she just call you John?” asked my mother incredulously. I was thinking the same thing, it seemed her desperation had finally pushed her pee-soaked brain past the point of formalities…

Cassie stood up for a second, to watch where her friend was running, at which point Harold, with lightning speed, quickly lunged his hand down into his pants and finally readjusted his hard dick to a comfortable position, leaning his head back with his eyes rolling in relief at the adjustment. Cassie watched Laury run, before sitting her ass back down on Harold’s lap. When Cassie did sit back down, however, “oh” escaped her mouth, as she felt something different now, below her, and she quickly looked back at Harold for a second with an expression that looked both shocked and knowingly sultry. I went from watching in the rear view mirror to glancing back for a second at my sister and Harold in the back seat, and was (seemingly) treated with the sight of my sister actually mashing her big butt into Harold, changing her position, feeling it out…

The thin narrow road was packed with cars passing by us in the other lane, and we were directly before somebody’s big lawn, their lawn flanked on all sides with a low stone wall. There were no real trees or shrubbery anywhere to speak of, the house across the street clearly visible as well, and we all watched as Laury’s silhouetted legs gleamed in the headlights of the opposite passing traffic and she ran out in front of our car, gripping herself the whole time with one hand between the legs.

Finally, as if realizing the futility of her state, she gave up in defeat and quickly squatted down just several meters before our car, and we all watched, in slow motion, as her fingers frantically struggled to get her thong pulled to the side of her little pussy before she started peeing, my dad actually uttering a short “no” under his breath as he motioned with his hand in the air, his fingers flicking to the side in the air attempting to vicariously get Laury’s panties out of the way for her...

Before they got soaked, my mom glancing over in disgust seeing and understanding my father doing this as just then, the moment we’d all been anticipating the entire car ride, just below Laury’s ridiculously sexy, squatting, swimmer’s ass, her hands quickly managed to get her thong pulled aside, as her shaved, nude, naked, hairless, ridiculously tight looking nineteen year old little pussy ushered forth an absolute TORRENT of FIREHOSE PRESSURE PISS that shot out of the young girl’s body so hard, you’d swear the force could nearly lift her lithe body off of the ground.

Laury’s golden, sexy stream was highlighted in full, technicolor glory when her urine was brightly illuminated by the headlights of the passing cars coming over the hill. The car that was passing the showcased, pissing Laury slowed to a crawl as the young man driving the car yelled, “Yeah!” cheering on Laury as he passed her peeing. He honked his horn in celebration before driving away. Laury let her head fall forward in shame but just kept fiercely pissing and pissing down onto the snowy road, her urine burning a hole right through the snow below her. We all watched as Laury’s voluminous stream began steaming profusely in the light of the oncoming traffic, huge clouds of piss-steam floating away from the young girl’s squatting figure in impressive size, almost like her pussy itself was steaming, which maybe it was…

Laury pissed and pissed her little heart out, another car slowing to a crawl as it passed, the driver this time being a middle aged looking man with a grey mustache, who got a good lonnng look at Laury as she peed and peed in the road. A sexy teen girl in a slutty Santa elf outfit with a miniskirt, pissing with her vagina on full display in the street. No one could be blamed for getting a good look as the drove slowly by, life just wasn’t this generous all the time.

Cars behind my dad started honking now, uncertain of why we were stopped, at which point my dad didn’t know what else to do but put on his hazard lights, at which point the honking stopped. Laury was far from finished peeing however, as just then, a huge area of snow beneath her collapsed to the asphalt beneath it, Laury’s puddle of urine clearly having melted all the snow beneath the surface, the hot liquid slowly but gradually consuming more and more of the snow around where she squatted. Her peeing was incredibly voluminous, and it was difficult to believe that such a petite young girl could actually hold all of this inside her lithe body.

A middle aged, overweight man in overalls stepped up to my dad’s window, knocking.

“You need some help sir?” the man said as my dad quickly rolled down his window. Speechless, my father could only point ahead. The man turned and looked, seeing Laury finally, seeing a sexy teen stranger squat and piss like a desperate little Santa elf, melting the snow in the street with hot streaming urine. “Whoah” was all the man said, seeing Laury, but his face quickly lit up with a smile and I saw him touch the front of his pants a second, looking at the peeing girl mesmerized. The man, seeming to understand that he couldn’t just stand there forever, turned back to my dad with a smile, simply saying, “Hey thanks!” before returning to his car behind us. We all stared ahead at Laury, Sherry still averting her gaze to the ceiling of the car in utter disbelief.

“Wow, she can piss.” my dad said, genuinely impressed. My mom slapped my dad on the arm.

“She really had to go.” said my mother.

“Ooooh, but it does look tempting.” said Judith, who was now bouncing her knees a little more vigourously, and I began to reconsider how badly Judith needed the bathroom too, now. My mother laughed, hearing Judith say this, repliying,

“What’s the matter, does Judy need to squat in the snow too?” my mom said with a laugh.

“Oh God, I just hope we reach the house soon.” Judith said, bouncing he knees.

We all continued to watch in awe as Laury peed and peed, dressed as a Santa elf, before our car, her sexy Italian teen ass, looking a lot like French model Luara Frison’s sexy ass, hovering just inches above the snow melting beneath her, another car passing her in the opposite lane once again, a mother driving forward quickly in horror as her young boy sons got a good long stare at Laury’s pissing vagina, likely the first they'd ever seen in their lives…

Laury’s hands were hanging limply in front of her now, as if the energy was draining out of her exhausted body with her urine, streaming and puddling and eating the snow beneath her as her piss puddle widened in diameter all around her. Finally, after what must have been at least eighty to ninety seconds! Laury’s dribbling vagina finally ceased peeing, and we watched as her hands, with a humbled air of satisfaction, reached down and brought her thong panties back in place over her tight little pussy, her tired vaginal muscles still winking, pushing out the final few drops, as she finally stood up and turned round to face us.

She shamefully looked away from us and her cheeks were still bright red as soon as her gaze caught our stare, and her long legs slowly, much more calmly now, much more relaxed, began to trot confidently back towards us, the gait of a runway model dressed as a slutty Santa elf, of a girl who’d finally gotten some bodily relief at long last. Looking at her face, she looked both utterly humiliated and utterly relaxed, her body not only having shed her anxious energy but even a lot of her energy in general. Laury was still sighing with relief and catching her breath as she stepped back up to the side door of the car, and got in. Without looking at me, she sat her ass back on my lap, not noticing or not acknowledging my hard penis nestling once again between her fine Italian cheeks. Sherry said quietly,

“Unbelievable.” whereas my mother reached back and touched Laury’s stocking clad knee in solidarity, saying,

“You feel better, baby?” my mother’s empathy apparently awaking the maternal instincts within her, indicated in “baby”.

“Yeah.” Laury finally whimpered in a meek, embarrassed sounding voice.

“There’s no shame in it love, men do it all the time.” Judy offered in her cute little British voice.

“Girls also hold it all the time.” retorted Sherry, my sassy bitch of a grandmother, or step grandmother technically, this old cougar Cheryl Hines lookalike dressed foolishly in her tropical dress during late fall. I looked down and noticed for the first time that Sherry’s inner thigh muscles were flexing pretty hard when they had the energy, and her abdomen looked particularly rounded in her dress as well, cradling what looked to be a full bladder, apparently. No one responded to Sherry’s snide comment, and instead we all kept driving.

TO BE CONTINUED....

ENJOY MY WORK? COMMISSION ME FOR A PERSONALIZED STORY OF YOUR DESCRIPTION/CHOOSING! CONTACT ME!

