Lauren’s Dilemma

Author: db218

*000*2024-09-12 16:22

One point from next rank, might as well break the barrier with a bang, so here’s a reconstituted story I wrote for my own enjoyment years ago and had to delete. The lone female subject is fashioned after someone I knew in school who I always had omo-related fantasies of. There will be more follow-up, as I wrote about 4 different stories about her previously. Hope you all enjoy!

*Disclaimer: Messing content follows, if you’re not interested, turn away now.*

Lauren woke up on this particular Saturday a little earlier than usual, awakened by her outrageously full bladder. She had gone drinking last night as sometimes happened on a Friday night after work, and though she had peed during the evening a couple of times, her kidneys were apparently still working overtime while she slept. She lay in bed for a few more minutes, warm in her sheets and blanket, squirming with the desperate fullness of her bladder, but it wasn’t long before she simply had to get up. As soon she groggily stood, she was immediately hit with how dire her situation was. Her bladder was rock hard and visibility protruding, and she danced on the spot for a second realizing she was mere seconds from emptying her pee into her panties and pajamas onto the floor.

Lauren shuffled and waddled as quickly as she was able into the bathroom, not even bothering to close the door since she lived alone and wasn’t expecting company. As she got to her toilet and was pee dancing attempting to get her pants down, she kept saying, “Ooooh, I have to go, hold it, hold it, can’t wet myself!” Finally her pants and panties were around her knees and she practically threw her large round behind onto the toilet seat and was exploding into the toilet before her ass fully settled onto the seat. What followed was nearly a minute of continuous peeing, and Lauren moaned with relief that she hadn’t had an accident, as she knew she was likely seconds away from it. As her pee finally came to an end, Lauren let out a very audible fart which lasted a couple of seconds, and though she pondered whether she had to poop, it didn’t feel like it was quite the time yet.

Lauren rose from the toilet after wiping and went to flush, heard and felt the handle click and move down, but the toilet never flushed. It was then that Lauren realized the toilet handle had broken. She had to get on with her day though, and she promised herself she’d go get the parts to fix it this morning. She jumped into the shower, dressing in a pair of tight jeans that showed off her ass and one of her favorite logo shirts, along with bra and light blue panties. She went to have breakfast, and afterward started cleaning the kitchen and her bedroom which were overdue. When those tasks were accomplished, Lauren decided to take a walk at the local nature park, so she grabbed her keys and drove the short distance to the park and found a spot.

Lauren was a girl in her early twenties 5’3”, curvy, not fat she told herself, with a large round ass that she thought was her finest asset, large boobs, and a little bit of a belly bulge, but not too much. Shoulder length brown hair, brown eyes, and knew she was good looking by how many times she’d been hit on in bars. She was walking for about five minutes before her stomach grumbled, and knowing she’d just eaten, it could only be one thing. At first she ignored it, wanting to fully enjoy her walk, but after only another ten minutes, the grumble turned into a rapid feeling of her bowels feeling super full and her rectum filling with a large load, and she had to turn back to her car.

Finally back at her car, Lauren was feeling a solid need to poop and was glad to be able to head back home. She quickly got in and drove, excited to finally be able to rid herself of this load which had been teasing her for a couple of days now. She quickly got back to her place, then walked into the bathroom, only to be confronted with a bowl full of stale pee and some toilet paper, and immediately remembered her toilet had broken this morning.

She stood there for a moment, realizing how full her bowels were, and tried to decide whether she could justify pooping in a broken toilet since it was her only one. As badly as she needed to poop, she realized that was just not an option, she had to fix the toilet first. So she opened the tank cover, revealing that the uppermost link holding the lever to the chain was broken. The parts were in the tank, and she couldn’t repair it without a new link, so she resolved to go to the hardware store and find a new link as quickly as possible so she could finally have a working toilet.

The drive was a little annoying, especially as her poop kept reminding her how displeased it was that she was delaying its release. Lauren still tried to focus on the task at hand, and arrived at the hardware store quickly, ready to fix this problem. It took several long minutes to find the right aisle, and her need to poop had increased noticeably the whole time. As Lauren finally found a part that would work, she had to stop and cross her legs, clenching her cheeks to hold her load inside her. As the need passed, she quickly grabbed the part and worked her way to the checkout. She paid and left, getting in her car for the drive back home. As she sat down, she had another powerful urge from her bowels, and was thankful the car seat was maintaining pressure on her ass to hold everything in. Lauren had to admit now that she was at a point of desperation to poop, and it was going to take all her strength to hold on, but she knew she could wait.

Lauren arrived back home, and went straight to her bathroom, opening the tank cover as she got there. She realized she’d need some tools, so she went to her closet to get her toolbox. If there was one thing her dad had taught her, it was always have enough tools for any situation. Her walk to the closet activated her bowels yet again, and she had to waddle the last few steps trying to clench to keep her load in. When she reached down to pick up the toolbox, her poop surged toward her anus, and opened it.

She shot back up to a vertical position, squeezing her cheeks around her sudden turtlehead, and had to cross her legs to keep from loading her panties and jeans right then and there. A full minute was lost to that urge, after which the feeling went away, but her turtlehead remained. Lauren was truly desperate to poop now, and she still had to fix her toilet. She became very worried that she wouldn’t be able to hold it long enough to make the repair. She quickly waddled to the bathroom with her tools and grabbed a small magnetic arm from the box, and needle nose pliers to squeeze the new link in place.

With her tools ready, she pulled the package out of her pants pocket with the new link and set it on the toilet seat. A random thought convinced her that if this took too long, she might not be able to hold it, and she wouldn’t want to ruin her jeans. With that thought, she unbuttoned and unzipped and started to pull her jeans off her wide hips. As she did, her urge returned with a vengeance, and she had to squeeze her cheeks around the turtlehead to prevent more from coming out, and it worked after a fashion as she only lost maybe another inch before movement stopped. The problem this time was the urge didn’t fully go away, and Lauren was left fighting a constant urge to poop with a persistent turtlehead. She had to fix her toilet now before it was too late.

Lauren opened the package and went to grab the link from it, and suddenly felt an increase in pressure in her bowels and dropped the link on the floor, seeing it bounce around behind the toilet base. She swore and stood for a second fighting the urge to unload in her panties, then got on her hands and knees to hunt for the link. She got her finger on it after a moment searching and worked it out from behind the toilet. She got it in her hand and lifted her hand giving a satisfied fist pump for solving one more problem.

As she did this, her bowels decided to act up again, and she was stuck on all fours with her ass in the air about to fight her massive turd back with no way to cross her legs or clench. For over a minute the urge took over, and Lauren felt herself losing several inches of the solid turd into her panties as the seat stretched to accept the load. Finally it stopped moving, and Lauren thanked her lucky stars that it hadn’t come out all the way. She was at the end of her rope though, she had minutes before she’d completely fill her panties.

Lauren got back to her feet as quickly as she was able, and hooked the chain with the magnetic arm, bringing it within reach. She opened the new link a small amount, then used the pliers to hook it to the chain. She was reaching to the handle to connect everything when her bowels started pushing again, and she was caught again with no way to stop the advance of her poop delayed far too long.

She hooked the link to the handle and started squeezing the link to close it as her poop kept steadily filling her panties, and as she finished closing the link her bowels fully unleashed all three days of their contents in one explosive finale. Lauren stopped squeezing the pliers, finished the job but not in time to save her panties. She stood there for a minute in front of the toilet with her panties heavily loaded down with more poop than she ever thought she could hold inside her, embarrassed even though no one was around to see it other than herself. 

As she was contemplating her embarrassing episode, she realized she was subconsciously crossing her legs, and without almost any warning at all, she suddenly found herself flooding her now heavily loaded panties with the contents of her very full bladder. She’d been so focused on not shitting herself, she’d neglected how full her bladder had been getting over the last several hours. The embarrassment was now complete, as she stood there in front of her now working toilet in her pale blue panties filled with three days of poop and a bladder full of pee.

Lauren stood there for a moment longer feeling the giant load brushing her large ass cheeks, and the wetness on her legs, the puddle on the floor and her socks, before she resolved to clean up. Without another thought, Lauren carefully slid her panties down enough to dump the softball sized poop into the toilet, removed her panties completely and wiped what little poop there was from her butt before almost mindlessly flushing the toilet to rid herself of the problem.

It was then she realized what she had done, as the toilet water rose all the way to the rim and refused to drain at all. Dumbfounded at her own mistake, she stared at the toilet for a moment wondering what to do. She quickly grabbed the plunger and stuck it into the toilet trying to force her load down the pipe, but after several exhausting minutes trying to plunge the load, she realized she hadn’t made any difference at all, and her toilet was well and truly plugged. She knew she wasn’t doing anything to fix it now, so she showered, got clean clothes on and went about the rest of her day.

Several times throughout the day Lauren made further attempts to clear her clogged toilet, but it never worked. As she approached the end of her evening, Lauren realized her bladder was filling again but she would have to unclog her toilet before she could empty it again. With this thought, she decided it would be best to attempt to get to sleep, and hopefully the poop in her toilet would soften enough to plunge by morning. She wasn’t keen on holding her pee overnight, but her last decision before going to sleep was that she didn’t have a choice in the matter, and she could wait until morning.

To be continued….

*001*2024-09-13 12:46

The immediate follow-up to this was quick to write, hopefully a good conclusion to the first part, with further stories to come. So without further delay….

Lauren’s Dilemma: Part Two

*Disclaimer: Messing content follows, turn away now if that’s not your thing.*

Lauren woke up again on Sunday morning having slept poorly. The reason couldn’t have been more obvious, but in her tired state she had forgotten momentarily why her bladder felt like an overfilled balloon. She groggily stepped out of her bed, doing a pronounced pee dance on the spot until she felt steady enough to stumble to the bathroom. As she stepped into the bathroom the smell hit her, and her recollection of yesterday’s events came flooding back to her as she opened the toilet lid and found the water still at the rim, having moved not half an inch since yesterday despite her many attempts at plunging it. Lauren, more desperate to pee than she’d been in a long time, groaned loudly with despair and the overwhelming desperation signals coming from her tired bladder. Then she tried plunging one more time, only to be met with failure again. She groaned and did more pee dancing in front of her toilet before leaving the room trying to not think about how her bladder was about to burst.

Her next course of action was to make a quick breakfast, mostly in an attempt to give herself time to think about what else she could do about her present situation. That it only caused her bladder to get angrier was a fact she was neglecting at this point, but she thought she was making a smart move not standing around in front of a toilet she couldn’t use with a bladder that was about to explode. After having breakfast, Lauren decided that she would shower and attempt to get on with the day, despite the desperate pleas from her bladder.

She walked into the bathroom again with a fresh change of clothes, dancing in place while the running shower water increased her desperation to a whole new level. As she was reeling from the increase in pressure, she had a sudden realization that she could just pee in the shower. It wasn’t something she did very often, but this was a dire situation, and if she didn’t do that, she’d be pissing all over her floor. Lauren wasted no time stepping into the shower and as soon as she had stepped in her bladder gave up entirely and she peed down her legs for over a minute before she finally felt empty. Although it wasn’t an ideal solution, she realized she could continue peeing in the shower until her toilet was unclogged, so she made an understanding with herself to use that strategy as the need presented itself again later today.

Lauren finished showering and proceeded to get to the rest of the day, including some chores she’d neglected yesterday with her desperate situation. After that was done, she went food shopping, and before she knew it, lunchtime rolled around, so she had a quick lunch. On finishing lunch, she suddenly realized her bladder was filling again. She didn’t want to use the shower again until she was really bursting, as it still didn’t sit right with her, so she held it. She tried again to unclog her toilet, but it wasn’t working any better than it was last night or this morning, so she walked out of the bathroom again with a somewhat serious need to pee, but unable to let herself go just yet.

It was sometime shortly thereafter that Lauren noticed her bowels were feeling full again, which concerned her, because it wasn’t like her body to need to poop so soon again after a constipation episode like she’d just had. Nonetheless, her bowels were sending suddenly grave signals that she would need to poop again, and likely very soon. Now she was worried she wouldn’t even benefit from peeing in the shower, as she wouldn’t be able to pee without shitting in her shower, and that she couldn’t allow. Lauren had to unclog her toilet as quickly as she could to avoid another accident. She walked into the bathroom again, now feeling pretty serious urges from both her bladder and bowels, and desperately tried plunging the toilet, but made no major progress. The water dropped a little, but not enough. Lauren had never experienced a clogged toilet this bad, and she was still kicking herself for trying to flush her giant poop yesterday and causing herself to be in this situation now.

As the afternoon wore on, Lauren’s urges continued to worsen as expected, not quite at a point of desperation, but enough that Lauren couldn’t take her focus off either hole for any prolonged period of time. She kept walking back into the bathroom and attempting to plunge the toilet, but each time the water level only dropped a little. Still, it was seemingly some progress, even if slow. Finally close to dinner, the water level took a noticeable drop, and Lauren had to put down the plunger and control her borderline desperate bladder and bowels.

She was dancing on the spot, one hand in her crotch, one in her ass, her dress pressed in both curves, breasts nearly popping out of her dress with how hard she was holding herself. She realized she must be quite the scene at this point, but no one was watching, and she was only concerned with continuing to hold in her needs. After a minute of controlling her urges, Lauren composed herself again and attempted to flush the toilet, and as she watched, the water level rose a little, then more, and rose to the rim again and didn’t start going down again. It was like the universe was taunting her, because she was right back where she started, with a fully clogged toilet and desperate to pee and poop. She had to walk out at that point out of sheer frustration at the dilemma she was in, and it was dinner time after all.

As Lauren fixed herself a quick dinner and a drink, it occurred to her this was really the last thing she needed. Still she sat down, squirmed and pressed her holes, attempting everything to keep her seemingly full-sized poop in her bowels, and her ocean of pee inside her bladder as she added to her burden. After dinner was done, she decided it might be best to just keep herself distracted instead of focusing entirely on her growing desperation. Lauren then sat down on her couch and started watching one of her favorite shows.

At first she was able to take her mind off her needs, but it wasn’t more than 10 minutes before both came back with a force she hadn’t expected, and she had to cross her legs over a hand in her crotch and squeeze her butthole with a couple fingers to keep it from opening. Lauren was very desperate at this point, and really wasn’t sure how much longer she could keep holding it all in. One need would have been bad, the other bad on its own, but having both her bladder and bowels full at the same time was pure torture. The answer of course was as long as she was able to hold it, she would hold it, hopefully until her toilet was unclogged. With that thought, she stopped the show and walked back to the bathroom. Well, more waddled as she was a ball of desperate urges and couldn’t keep her mind off the increasing pressure she was feeling from both ends.

In the bathroom she grabbed the plunger again, and kept working at the clog, all the while feeling her desperation increase seemingly by the second. It was possible, indeed likely, that her dinner was now working on her needs, and her desperation was quickly going to reach a point of no return, after which Lauren would piss and shit herself no matter how hard she tried to stop it. She was frantically trying to prevent that, continuing to plunge the toilet in between desperate urges and the worst potty dance she’d ever done in her life.

Nearly a half hour later, with none of her plunging attempts working, Lauren had to stop. She was too desperate to continue plunging. Her bladder was hard as a rock from nearly ten hours of accumulated pee, and her bowels were pressing so hard to get her poop out, she could feel her anus twitching and winking, right on the edge of a turtlehead coming out. Lauren took a moment to focus entirely on bringing her needs under control, but a moment took about three minutes, and she realized she wouldn’t have more than another ten minutes of control before she would have an extremely messy accident.

Lauren had never been so frantic to use the bathroom, especially with her toilet still out of order. This was the worst she’d ever had to use the bathroom for both needs at the same time, and she was desperate to not have two accidents in two days. Despite the urgent pleas from her bladder and bowels to release, Lauren grabbed the plunger for one more attempt, as she knew she wouldn’t have many left before she was out of time. She crossed her legs and danced for all she was worth, all while attempting to force the plunger to do its job. Little did she realize in all her desperation she wasn’t putting nearly enough force behind the plunger to have any effect at all.

After that attempt, Lauren felt her anus suddenly open wide, and the poop came out a few inches rapidly, forming a substantial turtlehead but not quite touching her panties yet. Lauren felt a leak out of her bladder at the same time and had to squeeze her holes shut to prevent anything further. In an act of pure frantic desperation, Lauren ignored the continued pressure from her bladder and bowels and kept trying to plunge. As she did, she quickly realized how futile it all was and felt her bladder release first before she could even think about lifting her dress.

As she forcefully wet herself, soaking her panties and the front of her dress, her stomach tightened, and she felt her knees go weak as her body started involuntarily pushing her poop into her now soaked panties. It took several long minutes, and though this turd wasn’t as big as the one from yesterday, it sagged her panties down badly when she was done. Upon finishing, Lauren had a moment of contemplation and realized that despite the end result, there was some part of her that was fascinated, almost aroused, by being so desperate and unable to use the toilet. Why? What was that about? Should she explore it more? She was embarrassed, sure.

A 20-something year old woman shouldn’t be having to piss and shit herself, but there was just something about it she felt like exploring more. Back in the present moment, she was still holding the plunger, and thought she had the focus to attempt it again. This time, she put extra energy into the plunging, and as Murphy’s Law and the aftermath became a reality in that moment, the water in the toilet dropped all the way down, after which Lauren flushed and the toilet worked just as it always did. Lauren quietly swore to herself that she should have held on just another few minutes, but then she would never have experienced the mild arousal she’d just contemplated.

Upon fixing the toilet, Lauren flushed her poop but made sure to break it up beforehand to not cause herself another desperate episode due to her own lack of forward thinking. The poop flushed with no issues, and Lauren showered off, finally free of her desperation for the first time in two days. Still, it wasn’t that bad, or at least that was her conclusion for the evening. She’d have to explore this further, because clearly there was something enjoyable about it that she’d never given serious thought to before.

More to follow….

