Wimbledon

Author: bes31

*000*2014-06-27 22:39

Single-part story based around the Wimbledon Tournament for tennis.

6-4, 5-7, 6-5, advantage her. I was serving with the weight of the world on my shoulder, my opponent stood opposite of me, bent over, racket in her hand, prepared to take anything I offer. I twiddle with the two green balls in my pocket and fix the form before my serve, a large crowd stared at me as I prepared to serve.

I lifted one of the green balls into the air, and jumped with it, feeling the weightlessness around me, managing contact with the ball at incredible speed. My racket swiveled to form a perfect serve. The ball began to travel, across the net and to my opponent, but it was a bit too right, and the ball curved out.

"Fault!" The linesman yelled, I cursed to myself and prepared again. I win this point, I would have moved on to the next round in the greatest tournament in the world, surprising the world and especially my opponent. The air was warm and musty, with a light wind and a few clouds over us. I lifted the second green ball from out of my skirt, and I prepared again.

I lifted this green ball, and jumped once again. This time I hit it slower, more meticulous and easily going to the other side, near my opponent. She screamed and hit back. My reactions flew into effect, and I ran a few steps and swung the ball back to my opponents side, far from the lady. She was far away, and she began to run towards the ball, and it seems that she would barely make it to the ball. I prepared for another run, and my opponent slowed down and swung back, the ball sailed to my side,close to me and far from the net.

I prepared for a big shot, my muscles burning, my face covered in sweat, I lifted my body for the victory, the final shot that would put me on top. The ball neared me and I swung, horribly. It took a second to realize my mistake, and the ball sailed into my side of the neck.

"6-all." The linesman spoke, and I almost threw my racket in disgust. That was the shot, I could have easily hit it away from her, winning it all, having the upset. My body burned as I slowly walked to my side, making eye contact with my opponent, she was focused, her body quiet but warm and she did not make any emotion with me. I took a towel out of my bag and wiped the sweat away from my face, and in the heat of failure and exhaustion I remembered something. I whispered to myself, "Oh shit, I have to piss."

I had completely forgotten, I was hyper and prepared to such an extent, I forgot that for the last set or so, my bladder had been in overdrive, pumping out urine from the drinks I drank earlier. I had felt it around the second set, but it wasn't until this moment that I felt my body begin to really scream for a toilet. I still felt in control though, my body was screaming but it wasn't my first rodeo. Normally the urge to pee does come during a match, and I hang on, not minding my bladder bursting, hopefully I would forget for the extra sets. I organized my equipment, finished wiping my face, and drank a bit of my electrolyte fueled water. I really shouldn't drink I thought to myself, I didn't know how long I would have to be here.

My name was Shannon Dobbs, collegiate tennis player that was playing in my first Gran Slam. I always dreamed that I would enter one of these tournaments, and after becoming the best college tennis player in New England, I got that opportunity. I was one of the many American women in the tournament, and I did feel a strong amount of need to win for my country. I had beaten a South Korean lady easily in the first round, but I met my challenge in the ranked member of our group.

My opponent was Mary Abramova, a Russia top tennis player ranked number 11 in the world. Any player like that should be crushing rookie me, but today I felt good. Abramova's serve was off, for some reason, a little slower and inaccurate as it normally was. She was still fighting, this was a brutal match. Close, long and full of energy from both sides. Abramova had a blonde hair, a chiseled face and very cold, brutal eyes. She scared the Hell out of me, and I think she meant it. She probably murdered someone with his cold blood intensity and strength.

It took a few minutes of sitting down to realize that my bladder was a bit worse off than a normal match. God, I really needed to pee. I twisted my body, feeling a sudden urge to dance around a bit. I couldn 't though, this was nationally televised, I couldn't show my desperation.

I heard my name be called my a similar voice. It was my brother, and coach, Mark . I looked up at him. Mark mouthed the words "are you okay?" I mouth back, "I have to pee." He chuckled and turned his eyes back to my parents, probably sharing my desperation.

I walked back to the court, the linesman calling Abramova and myself back, she was serving first. I needed to win by two sets, which means I need to have two sets on my opponent. My bladder calmed down now that adrenaline came back in, still I felt the urge pretty well. I had to go really bad.

I looked at my opponent, she was about to serve. I watched her body clock into focus as she prepared her serve. She served, it was fast and accurate, and it blew past me.

"15-love."

Shit, I need to focus. She gave a smile, maybe at her own success, maybe at my own pain. I rolled my ankle to put my mind off the urge. Why wasn't it going away? I thought to myself. Before I could ponder, Abramova was serving again. This first serve went out, less successful than her first.

"Fault."

Good. She served again, once again it was slower. I could return it easily, and I did. I served back and she swung harder, back at me. We were rallying, we hit the ball back to each other a few times. At some point I hit a ball hard to her, and she could only lob it right in front of my net. I ran towards it, Abramova already knowing that she lost the point, stood still. In my own arrogance I slammed it.

"15-15."

It came at an expense, as I slammed the ball, my bladder pushed into my side. I moaned in the pain, my bladder trying to hurl itself to get out. I bent over from the pain, the audience clapped. I was truly desperate, which was a massive problem because a. I was on live TV, b. I was in front of people, c. I want to win d. I was wearing white, not a light stain of yellow. I have to pee I continued to repeat to myself. Why the Hell wasn't the pain going away, I figured I was in the point of no return.

I had three choices, piss myself, win soon, or lose soon. And I wans't peeing myself, or losing. I had to win, I focused in and prepared myself.

Abramova faulted twice so I got the lead, 30-15. I bent over and wiggled to myself as I prepared for the serve. I was absolutely bursting, I wondered if people were realizing. I looked over to my brother and we made eye contact, and he just started to laugh. I wonder if he realized how bad it was. I wasn't hiding it, or if I was, I was doing it unintentionally.

Abramova served again, this time it was very fast but to me. My reactions strung together and I hit it back, sailing far away from Abramova, she attempted to run towards it, but couldn't reach it.

"40-15" I was one point away from winning one set, one set away from relief. I prepared for one final serve, my body was jumping around, my bladder pushing on my body. I wanted to bend over, holding myself, but I was on live TV, I wasn't going to fall into that trap. I readjusted my skirt, fixing it and reaching under to adjust my speedo underneath. Everything was white, and my body was very desperate. I touched my speedo and gave myself a little squeeze, just to control it for the remainder for the set.

Abramova faulted, only to hit it the next one perfectly. I hit back, and we rallied again, only for Abramova to hit it to the other side. I was quick enough to hit it. I began to run, but only realizing in stride that I was beginning to lose control. I had to slow down, or I would be drowning myself in piss right now. I slowed down, only barely reaching the ball and hitting it. Luckily, it hit very well, and in the end, Abramova could not hit it.

7-6, Dobbs.

One set down, but all I could focus on was my body almost losing control. I was dancing around, nearly holding myself at this point, I was very, very close to peeing myself. I walked over to my side and sat at my bench again. If I lose, and good lord if I lose, it was going to get very wet.

I looked down, only to see a text on my phone. It was from Mark. I clicked it open.

Shannon.

I'm so sorry, but you are not going to enjoy Twitter right now.

I looked up to my brother. My face raging with anger and complete desperation. We made eye contact and he laughed one more time as I just stared. I had watched this match many times and I always know the point where I am sitting on my bench, legs crossed, hands pushing down on my crotch and the commentators laughing at my own desperation.

I wanted to kill Mark, but first I needed to win the match, and then I would need to pee. After all that, and the press conferences, and the other matches, and then I would murder Mark.

I was put back on set, by now the entire audience knew of my desperation. Fuck hiding it, and began to dance around, looking like a little girl probably, but it helped so much. My body was on fire. I glanced at Abramova, she looked back, and she smiled. God, was I that odd, I really had to pee. It was only then that I saw her give a sympathetic glare. I bit my lips, watching her movement.

Oh My God, she has to pee too. Abramova, was also dancing around, bending her knees, biting her lips. We were two desperate ladies. This might get more confusing that I thought.

I served first, only slow. A quick serve would probably open the floodgates. I kept my legs in and prevented the idea of me peeing myself on this stage. Abramova responded, also with slow movements. This was the type of match we were going to have. We rallied once more, only for a shot of mine to sail past her. I turned back, my body was nearing its tipping point.

"15-love." I wondered how bad Abramova had to pee. She seemed desperate, her movements also slow, but her face gave no pain, her face was chiseled and cold as always. Something about Russians, I guess.

I serve again, it faulted. My body twisting to meet the expectations to prevent a wetting. Why this match, out of all the crappy country club tournaments I have done, why Wimbledon for when I had to piss myself. I served one more time, not even jumping off the ground.

It hit the ground this time, and Abramova let it sail past her.

"30-0" Was she dropping the match to make both our lives better. Bless her then, I didn't have much time left.

I served again, it hit and she hit back this time, softly, but my body was almost locked so my body had trouble with the soft shot. We had a light rally for about three go arounds. I swung harder than normal, putting an unfortunate amount of might in.

*squirt*

Oh Shit. My face tensed up, and so did my legs, I had just squirted into my spandex. It was only a little, but it was big. I danced around, hoping the world didn't see a stain. I bent over in pain.

One more serve. It was 40-0, and I was nearing a victory. My body was squirming, I wish I could just run off, take off my speedo and my skirt and just pee outside of other peoples views, let the relief spread to me. I had just a little more.

I hit the ball softly, a lame serve, the world watching as Abramova let the soft serve go right through her. The crowd erupted, it was over, and I would finally get to pee. I jogged over to her at the net. We met each others hands.

"I let you win, let me pee first please." She spoke quietly with me. I didn't like it, but it was fair. I nodded in agreement, as we walked to the linesman, I saw her steps, they were large, awkward, as if she was really hiding something. She might have had to pee more than me. I shook the linesman hands and left to my side. I packed up my tennis bag as quickly as possible. Please God, let me hold it in for thirty more seconds. I felt my bladder pulsate under my dress as I picked up my tennis bag. I gave one wave to the crowd and left as soon as possible, following in front of Abramova. We awkwardly walked to the door exiting from the stage.

Abramova entered the door and I followed. As I entered I saw Abramova's bag on the floor, and the Russian girl in front of me. Her hands clenched around her crotch, and urine falling out of her.

"Shit, shit, shit, shit..." She continued in her heavy Russian accent. She ran to the toilets, watching her run in awkward gasps. She didn't know where the toilets are.

"Toilets are to the right." I spoke, she didn't look back, but instead, she stopped. Her knees buckled and she fell to the ground, and a massive torrent of urine came out of her. It burned by bladder, I bent over at a wall, looking away, trying to maintain my bladder from following Abramova's suit. I just watched her, peeing in the hallway, the urine slowing down. I stood amazed by the sheer amount of urine that exited her body, a literal puddle surrounded her and she moaned in a mix of embarrassment and relief.

When the urine stopped she looked at and spoke in a high, stressed voice. "Next time Dobbs, win quicker." I nodded. "Now, go to the toilet, I have no need." I nodded again, and bid farewell to my opponent.

I ran as quickly as possible. I began to udnress myself, I lifted my dress. Over my body, now only in my sports bra and of course my speedo which had a large stain of yellow on it. I sprinted to the toilet, a large brown door to a small bathroom. I pushed it and it didn't open.

What? No! I yelled at the door. "OPEN!" Only to realize a sign on the door that spelled maintenance. This can't be happening, my body was bursting, I was so close. How is this happening. I leaned into the door, my hands clutching my urethra, trying to prevent a wetting. I came so close. I remembered another bathroom in the lockers, but they were so far away.

I had one choice, I grabbed a multitude of towels in my bag and laid them on the ground and sat on them. And on them, I began to pee, hoping the towels would suck in a little. I moaned in relief, my legs buckling from the orgasmic pleasure of releasing this pressure. I screamed, as I rolled down my speedo. I just hoped no cameraman looking for an interview was coming. I continued to pee, the towels beginning to overflow. As I saw the towels give way, I pushed and stopped the stream.

It stopped, and I stood back up, rolled up my speedo, placed back my dress and began my run to the locker room to finish my peeing, and as I stood up with a bit of desperation, but no ability to piss myself, I realized to myself for the first time that I won. I smiled to myself and began my journey to a working toilet.

