The Market

Author: PrincessPEEach

*000*2020-05-16 19:03

She purposefully hadn’t peed before they left, or even before that. In fact, she’d been avoiding the toilet since her morning pee, and drinking just a little bit more. An extra coffee, a second glass of water after brushing her teeth, another bottle for the road. They were headed for the market, a quaint mix of fruit and vegetable stands, homemade baked goods, flowers....just a fun, relaxing Saturday morning outing they often made.

She could already feel the fullness building as she hopped up into the truck and pulled the door shut, looking sideways to see if he was watching before pressing her legs together and briefly closing her eyes, enjoying how sensitive everything felt. She’d purposefully worn her favourite silky panties, and soft skinny jeans. Perfect up against her already tingling pussy and perfectly full bladder.

Opening her eyes she caught him looking, and blushed as he grinned and gave her a knowing look. She put on her best wide-eyed innocent look, fastened her seatbelt, and turned on the radio before purposefully taking a long drink from the water bottle. Raising his eyebrows at her, he reached his free hand over, running it gently up her leg as they set off.

A short drive and a half a water bottle later, and they were there. She unbuckled and hopped down, quickly squeezing her legs together at the unexpected jolt. Her hand darted to her crotch, and then quickly back to her side as he came around the corner of the truck. “Need to stop before we go in?” He asked innocently, sliding his hand across her ass and squeezing gently. “Nuh uh” she replied, squirming just a little against his hand, before starting to walk.

They strolled around slowly, stopping occasionally to look, or buy, her movements becoming ever less relaxed. Her bladder was full to brimming, stretched and achy, her whole pussy tingling with need. Every time they stopped she took the opportunity to press her legs together, squirm and even bounce a little. Her hand holding his, squeezed tighter and tighter. “What’s wrong baby?” He asked, grinning. Turning, she reached up on tiptoes, her soft lips against his ear, and whispered “I have to pee..... sooooooo bad”. As she shifted away from him, her hand ran quickly across the sudden bulge that had formed in his jeans. “Do you want to go?” He offered, never one to push when she wasn’t comfortable, but knowing full well she was loving every second, based on her flushed cheeks, hard nipples pushing up against her right t-shirt, and the naughty gleam in her eyes. “Of course not!” She said indignantly, “we haven’t got donuts yet!”

Making their way over to the corner, they fell into the snaking line for the ever-popular fresh made donuts. Deep fried and sprinkled with cinnamon sugar, they were always worth waiting for. She squirmed and bobbed as they waited in line, shifting from one foot to the other, her pussy becoming slick with a combination of her own need, and the friction of her silky panties rubbing against it.

Finally, donuts in hand, they made their way back toward the truck. He loaded their purchases in the back and came around to open her door, catching her shamelessly grabbing her crotch, her legs wrapped tightly around her hand. “Mmmmm let me help” he said in a low voice, opening her door and cupping her ass to help her up, his hand sliding forward between her legs as he boosted her in. She ground back against his hand, whimpering a little as he let go. “Hurry” she said breathlessly. He obliged, and soon they were backing out, and on the road home.

She kicked off her sandals and pulled one leg under her, grinding against her heel, her bladder pulsing and her pussy throbbing. “Ohhhh” she gasped out, “I don’t think I can make it” she whimpered as she squirmed and wiggled. “Hush baby, you’re fine” he soothed “let me help” he said, reaching over and pressing his hand firmly between her legs.

“Mmmmmm yesssss” she sighed, pushing his hand harder against her quivering pussy as she ground against his fingers frantically. Her panties were slick and her whole sex was on fire, she needed to pee sooooo badly, but she wanted to cum even more. She reached over and ran a hand over the bulge in his pants, finding a small slick spot. “Awwww fuck” he breathed as she pulled out his hard cock and began to stroke it in Slowly as she rocked against his hand, still firmly against her hot pussy.

“Ohhhhhhhhh” she gasped again, and stopped moving for a second. Instantly he felt a gush of hot wetness against his hand, as she gasped, and resumed her frantic rocking. “Oh baby, I’m not gonna last” he warned as she continued to stroke him. “Just let go” he begged, rubbing her slippery, wet pussy harder and faster, as he felt himself slip closer and closer to the edge. “Ughhhhh” she cried out, climaxing against his fingers, her eyes closed, her head thrown back, her pink lips falling open as she let go.

A gush of pee soaked her jeans, flooding his hand even as he continued to caress her. “Ohhhh yesssssss, so good” she gasped, stroking him faster and harder. As warm wetness continued to spread down her legs and pour over his hand he couldn’t hold back any longer. Groaning, he came hard, coating her hand with his own warmth.

As they both recovered, she opened her eyes and looked around a bit guiltily. “Ooops....” she said with a mischievous grin, as she surveyed the damage. “Sorry....”.

Grinning back, he reached over to stroke her face as he replied “Don’t be, that was the best trip to the market ever!”

(My first attempt at fiction)

*003*2020-05-16 19:53

Aww thanks....it’s what I wish I did this morning

*008*2020-05-17 11:30

{{5 hours ago, OmoJack said:

Good god I need this in my life..

}}

Yup, same.

*011*2020-05-17 16:22

{{51 minutes ago, mypeesecret said:

I think I just crashed the truck.. great story Peeach! This would make for quite the perfect morning.

}}

Thanks I agree!

*016*2020-05-22 12:08

Aww thanks. Welllllllll....i guess ‘first attempt’ was a bit dishonest...I’ve written a few things here and there, but never shared them beyond pm.

This was my first attempt at posting in the fiction section....appreciate everyone’s kind comments!!

*018*2020-05-29 04:38

Nothing like this would happen in my real life

{{8 minutes ago, johnsmithvideo said:

Would you ever make a story like this based on real life?

}}

*020*2020-05-29 13:30

{{8 hours ago, johnsmithvideo said:

Ever peed in a measuring cup though?

}}

Of course, but I’m not sure that would really make a very engaging fiction story lolol. I did write quite a few detailed and descriptive accounts of some of my first wetting experiences after finding this site...I’d imagine you could find them by searching, if you’re really interested....

They're a bit overboard....kind of embarrassing but certainly descriptive

