Megan's Sadistic Mother

Author: Ishigreensa

*005*2012-03-04 05:59

Chapter Two: Megan’s Wet Bed

Megan nervously looked up at Jennifer as she came in to get her sixteen year old daughter out of bed for school. Megan’s hair was sweaty and her face felt warm not only from the heat of a pile of blankets over her, but also from the embarrassing shame she was still hiding beneath the blankets.

“Time to get out of bed,” Jennifer called from the doorway. “Would you like some eggs and bacon this morning, or some pancakes?”

Megan was a little nervous and her voice was shaking and small. “Pa…pancakes please?”

Her mom nodded thinking it was cute that Megan was acting so quiet, but as that was not something normal for her child, she walked into the small room that had a lavender dresser with a picture of a teddy bear on each side, and through the door that had four teddy bears spaced around it, to the lavender canopy style double sized bed and she sat next to Megan who took in a sharp breath of air scared her mom would sit in the wrong place.

“What’s wrong, honey?” her mom asked her putting her hand over Megan’s forehead to check for a fever. “Aren’t you feeling well?”

Megan gulped. Lying about it, especially given the situation at hand, was probably not a very smart move, but then, her mom might not make her get out of bed and show what she had done. She nodded in a small moan to try to use her mom’s sudden concern to her advantage.

Her mother stood up not sure if Megan was feverish or not. “You stay there while I go get the thermometer,” she whispered to her. “I don’t want you going to school if you are coming down with something.”

Though Jennifer was a single mom, trying to raise Megan by herself, and quite a hard worker, she never neglected Megan when she thought that her daughter needed her. “I mean it, you stay right there, and I’ll make sure of your condition before having you move.”

Now, Megan had about five minutes to plan how to deceive her mom, and to at least get into dry panties before her mom came back to take her temperature. She slipped over to the dresser and changed her panties, putting the soiled ones way in the back and out of sight. Then she pulled two of her blankets up over her wet bed, and laid there with only the top three over her. She smiled because she couldn’t really feel the wetness now, and she hoped that it meant her mom wouldn’t notice too.

Her mom came back, and popped a thermometer stick into her daughter’s mouth. Then she pulled back the young girl’s blankets revealing some light blue panties that looked a bit fresh, but Jennifer shrugged and felt around her daughter’s body to make sure she wasn’t sweating that badly. She didn’t seem to be.

When Jennifer took the red lined stick from Megan’s mouth, she sighed in relief. “Looks like you are okay. Get up and get ready for school,” her mom said.

Megan left feeling relieved that her mom had not found out about her accident. It had only been about three days since her incident at school, and she definitely didn’t want her mom to be upset with her so soon again.

That relieved feeling was only short lived, however. When Megan came back home, she went out to the back yard to play with her puppy when she happened to see her soiled sheets and blankets blowing in the wind on the clothes line! Her mother had discovered her wet bed! She was going to be in for it when her mother returned from work, she knew it.

Megan backed back into the glass sliding door and closed it. She closed the blinds that blocked out the view of her hanging sheets, and weakened by the spirit of despair, she wobbled to a kitchen chair to sit down. What was her mother going to say to her when she had words with her?

Megan sat in the kitchen chair trying to think of a good excuse or something she could say in her defense for having wet the bed at sixteen years old. What would her mother believe? What would she do to her? Was she in trouble for pulling off the lie that morning?

Megan’s stomach started to hurt. She was sure her mom would do something much worse this time. When she had wet her pants at school, her mom had settled on telling her teachers that she needed an extra minute to get to classes so she doesn’t wet her pants at school because she was too immature to judge time, and having that extra minute might keep her from peeing her pants.

Now, Megan sat at the island bar, sipping on some water, and thinking. Her mother was surely getting tired of her acting like a little kid. Her mother had to work hard to make sure that they had food, a place to live, and that Megan had the things she needed. She couldn’t afford to quit her job to take care of a childish teenager, and Megan didn’t want that anyway.

At five ten, her mother’s car pulled up into the driveway, and Megan looked out the window noticing her mom had some sacks from shopping. That was strange! Her mom only went shopping on Sundays as she really didn’t feel she had the time to do that with her job and everything!

Megan dreaded hearing it from her mom, but she thought she should at least go out and give her mom a hand with the stuff.

“Megan, just get the door, honey and then sit in the kitchen out of the way. I don’t want you in the way right now.”

That was a strange way for her mom to talk to her, and she was bringing the stuff, not into the kitchen as though it was food, but into the living room. When Megan started to follow her mom, her mom turned to her and looked her in the eye.

“I said sit in the kitchen and stay out of the way for now. I’ll call you when I’m ready!”

Megan’s mouth dropped. Never had her mom told her to stay in any room in the house except her own room before. What was her mom being all secretive about? She wanted to go and sneak a peek to see what her mother was doing, but something in her gut told her that she would regret it a lot more if she got caught.

Megan nervously sat in the kitchen chair trying to put out of mind what her mother might be up to in the other room, but the longer she sat there, the more interested she was in what was going on. Did she dare to take a peek? Whatever it was, she also had a feeling in the pit of her stomach that made her feel a little queasy. Her mother was up to something very unfamiliar, and it was all most likely related to those drying sheets and blankets out the kitchen window.

“Mom?” Megan yelled from the kitchen. “Am I allowed to leave the kitchen to use the bathroom?” she called a little nervous to leave her seat at the moment.

“Yes, dear. Just stay out of the living room until I ask you to come in.”

“Mom doesn’t seem angry,” she thought standing up a moment, and then moving to the back door from the kitchen to the toilet there so that her mom wouldn’t think she was trying to look. “Maybe she wasn’t going to say anything about it after all,” Megan started to breath in relief. Surely, if she was in trouble, her mother wouldn’t have called a dear.

She went into the bathroom and used it before washing her hands and coming back to sit in the kitchen again. What was it that her mom was hiding? Curiosity was now starting to eat away at her, and she wiggled her legs in anticipation at what her mom was going to show her. She felt giddy as though the surprise might be a good thing, but it didn’t make sense. Her mom wouldn’t reward her for wetting the bed, would she?

Megan poured herself some juice because she was in the kitchen, and she didn’t know what else to do to pass the time before her mom would call her in. She seemed to be taking quite some time, and that only made the anticipation, the worry, and the excitement worse. One minute, Megan felt excited and felt like she was going to get a present, but the next, she was scared that her mom was going to do something so humiliating to her for the wet bed, that she’d just die.

Her juice now half gone from the orange plastic glass, Megan looked at the kitchen door frame to see her mom standing there. “I’m ready for you,” she said at last. “Now, before you come into the living room, I want you to admit something to me. This morning when you acted sick, did you know you had wet the bed?”

Megan’s smile faltered. “Yes, mom.”

“I’m glad you can at least tell me the truth when you are caught, but you really shouldn’t hide stuff like that from me. There can be many reasons for it, but as you felt rather guilty about it, I’m going to assume that you just didn’t want to get out of bed during the cold night.”

Megan looked down understanding why her mom maybe thought that way. She wanted to tell her that it was probably more related to her dream during the night, but she had probably lost the chance to explain when she lied about it.

“Since you wet the bed like a little kid, I have some new rules and some new things for you, Megan.”

Megan looked up at her hoping it wasn’t like diapers or something worse.

“Come with me to the living room.”

In the living room, in the large space where she and her mom often worked out together in the mornings, taking up a good portion of it were new furnishings. There was a table of sorts with a sheet over it, much like a cot. Under it, there were cabinet drawers. This was near the middle of the space and against the wall, there was a new shelving unit that was not unlike a bookcase except it had some powder, baby oil, lotion, and other things along with a few thick cloths.

“Go lie down on the cot,” her mom told Megan.

Megan looked up her mother, her eyes large, though she wasn’t really sure what the table was for. It was not the traditional height or size of a baby changing station. It was actually a little lower like a bed, but as she climbed upon it and lie down, she realized that her mom put some little loops of straps around her feet to keep them open. She then sat on her knees on the floor and looked up at her child’s face end of the table.

“I can put your hands in restraints too, but I won’t as long as you don’t fight me, understand?”

Megan nodded. She trusted her mom at any rate, and she really didn’t want her hands restrained. That would just be too scary.

“Alright, I’m trusting you,” her mom said. “No defiance, or you don’t get the choice for a very long time after this, understand?”

Megan nodded again with conviction.

Jennifer then stood up and turned to get one of those thick towel things from the rack near the window. She brought it over to the cot and laid it at the end before going back for some powder and lotion.

Megan’s eyes watered. She realized what her mom was about to do, but she resisted fighting it. She had promised, and she didn’t want her hands trapped. “Are you putting a diaper on me?” she asked with her voice quivering.

“Why yes, I am,” her mom smiled. “It’s just for nights though. I don’t know why you wet your bed last night, but now you won’t have to worry if you wet the bed. We’ll take you to see a doctor tomorrow too, just to make sure, but don’t let me catch you having a lot of day time accidents, understand?”

Megan nodded.

*006*2012-03-04 07:56

{{:

Looking forward to the rest of the story. Please share when you can.

}}

Thank you for reading the story. Looking forward to seeing you often on this thread. I am currently working on my fifth chapter as well as adding some of the my other chapters as some of them, I realized, didn't seem finished. I hope you enjoy the random events that lead to probems for Megan and her friends.

*007*2012-03-04 08:33

Chapter Two:

Part Two:

Megan was allowed to stand up once her mother had a diaper on her sixteen year old daughter. The diaper spread her legs way out making it a bit awkward to walk, and she nearly fell to the floor as she moved her legs bull-legged side to side in an attempt to gain any ground.

“Yes, that does work just nicely,” Jennifer smiled at her little girl that now walked like she was two or three rather than like she was sixteen. “You are not to touch your diaper no matter what once I put one on you, and if you need help with it because you are wet or something you must come and let me change you. Understand?”

Megan looked at the floor as she whispered “Yes, mommy.” Somehow, mommy was the only natural response that came to her in this condition and it wasn’t even in sarcasm though she felt like she wanted to rebel in some small way. She looked up at her mom who smiled and then patting Megan on the head, she headed over to the chair in front of the television to watch TV.

Megan looked up at the clock and noted that it was only 6:30! That was really early to be put in this predicament, but she hoped that it meant that her mom didn’t plan on going anywhere with her. Her mom had not even tried to put her pants on her after she was changed, but as Megan felt around her pelvis, she realized that there was no way she’d be able to get even her sweats over the thing anyway.

She waddled to in front of the television to watch with her mom. Her mom smiled and patted her on the head. “Mommy is going to make you dinner in about thirty minutes,” she cooed at Megan.

“I can do it,” Megan tried to stand up quickly, but fell, tried again, and fell again and only succeeded on her third try standing up.

“You can’t make dinner while you are in a diaper,” her mom laughed. “You can’t even move that well in that thing. You just sit there and watch TV and mommy will take care of you today like I should have done the first time you came home from school wet.”

“But I’m sixteen. I can….”

Her mom cut her off. “You are NOT sixteen when you are wearing that diaper! Now tell me you are six, or I’ll spank you like you are a bad six year old.”

“But I…” she saw her mom frown at her. “…I…I’m six,” she whispered.

“Good. Now just sit there and watch TV. I’ll make dinner after I rest for a minute.”

“I guess I should do my homework,” Megan looked up at her mom.

“You can do that when I’m making dinner. I want to watch you to make sure you can get the help you need. You will take your things into the kitchen and do it at the table while I’m making dinner.”

Megan looked up at her mom. “Alright.”

About an hour later, Megan was found at the kitchen table just finishing her math homework when Jennifer brought some hamburgers, mash potatoes, green beans, and salad to the table for them. “How is your homework, sweetheart?”

“I just finished.”

“I want to see, but we should have dinner first.”

“Okay. I’m going to the bathroom first though.”

Jennifer moved very quickly to intercept her daughter, and standing in front of her, she put both of her hands on her daughter’s shouders, and she looked into her eyes. “How are you going to go with that diaper on you?”

Megan looked up at her mom blinking.

“What did I say about you trying to take your diaper off?”

“Oh, sorry,” she looked pleading with her mom. “Can you take it off so I can go?”

“No. Right now, we are about to eat, and I’m not going to be removing it every five minutes for no reason. If you are wet, I’ll change you, but for right now, you will wash your hands at the kitchen sink and then get ready to eat.”

“But… I have to pee really bad.”

“Then I’ll change you if you are wet after we have something to eat,” her mother whispered to her. “Now go wash your hands for dinner.”

Megan sat the table across from her mother wondering if her mom was serious about wanting to change her diaper if she couldn’t hold it. She was already starting to bounce around a little in her seat, and her mom looked at her wiggling daughter and smiled.

“I told you,” she said pleasantly and almost in too kind of a tone. “If you wet your diaper, it’s no big deal. Mommy will change you after you eat, so you don’t really need to try so hard. I just don’t want you wetting your jeans and panties because that makes a lot more work for mommy, but if you wet your diapers, then all I have to do is change your diaper and wash that.”

“I really have to go bad,” Megan whimpered still scared to wet on purpose.

“Well, then go ahead and wet. You are in a diaper, baby.”

Megan blushed and kept wiggling. She really didn’t want to do it on purpose, but her mom stopped staring at her and went back to eating. She knew that her daughter would just have to learn to trust her on her own terms.

Eventually, Megan could feel her bladder weakening, her muscles weakening, her entire body growing tired and in dull aches across her stomach from trying to hold it, and she started to leak a little bit at a time into the cloth between her legs as she ate. She was a little scared at first, as the first little bit started to slip past her muscles and dampen the cloth closest to her crotch.

And the warmth started to spray her diaper a second time as she sat there, her face became crimson, but her mom ignored her blush and continued eating. She could tell with the violent jumping around in her chair, that her daughter was still fighting the inevitable, and she decided she would give her daughter an hour to finish before checking her and changing the diaper.

Megan watched with teary eyes as her mom finished her dinner and stood up taking her own plate to the sink to wash. She felt a stream of water pour out of her watering hole the third time it started to leak, and her mom just washed a plate seemingly oblivious to her peeing herself. Tears started to stream down her face as the fourth wave sent a whole floor that soaked her bottom all at once and washed up towards the front of her privates as she sat there in a puddle in her diaper. Then, she got the feeling that the cloth might be leaking, so she put her hands under the table and felt the middle part of the cloth to see if it was leaking.

“Megan!” her mom scolded her. “You can’t eat if your hands get wet on from you peeing your diaper! If you are going to wet, that’s okay, but you don’t feel your diaper while you are eating.”

Jennifer picked Megan up from the chair setting her on her feet, took her to the sink and had her wash her hands again, and then sat her wet daughter back at the table to finish her food.

“Once you’ve eaten your dinner, mommy will change you, baby.”

Megan nodded feeling very ashamed and shaking from having sat there and wet in front of her mother. Jennifer watched Megan eat her dinner completely, then Jennifer took Megan’s plate and washed it up.

Megan just sat at the table scared to move because her diaper was feeling quite heavy and soggy, and she was unsure if it was going to start leaking everywhere.

Finally, Jennifer pulled Megan by the hand and took her to the living room where her changing table was. She pointed to the table for Megan to lie down, and before she started to change the girl, she went over the rules again.

“When you are on this table, what is the rule about fighting mommy about wearing a diaper?” she asked her daughter who was lying there with the wet cloth wrapped around her legs.

“I… I don’t do anything you don’t ask me to do, and I don’t fight you about the diapers,” Megan said in a defeated voice.

“What happens if you fight mommy?”

“You’ll use the hand restraints.”

“What do you do if you need your diaper off?”

“Come and ask mommy to do it and leave it on no matter what until you can take it off for me.”

“Okay, I think you understand the rules enough that I can change you then.”

“Mommy? Are you ever going to take it off of me when I have to pee, are you planning on making we wet them all the time first?”

“Megan? Is it really so bad to wet?”

Megan nodded.

“Then why did you wet the bed?”

Megan looked into her mom’s eyes and she thought about the question. She had no straight answer for that, and she thought her mom was crazy for asking her a question like that as if she had wanted to. She turned her head from her mom as she responded. “I don’t know.”

Her mom was very gentle, and she fixed her up in a clean diaper that no longer irritated her skin or made her feel like she smelled of urine. Then her mom took Megan’s hand and led her up to her bedroom to sleep. “It’s okay if you wet the bed from now on,” Jennifer said. “You have a diaper on now, so it doesn’t matter anymore.”

*009*2012-03-04 13:11

Yes, I already have chapter Three and four started and am thinking of chapter five... but chapter 3 may not be finished.

I found when I uploaded chapter one and chapter two, that I felt something missing, so I added part two to each of them.

I will probably add part 2 to chapter 3 too.

{{:

Wow, this is awesome. Do you plan to write more?

}}

Thank you. I am definitely writing more!
