Terranova, A New Justice Ch.2

Author: Marin

*000*2012-02-23 06:05

Catch up info.

Seven here! For those of you who didn't read the first part of my story, we live on a different planet with longer days. We divide the day into thirds and measure it in degrees. We call the tree thirds of the day First, mid, and final third. There should be a Terranovian clock at the bottom to help you, but basically, ten degrees is about eighty minutes, one degree is about seven, a tenth degree is like forty seconds and a hundredth degree is about four seconds. Their's about forty hours in a Terranovian day. That's about all. Oh! and we like, live twice as long. I look 14, but I'm in fact, 24 years old. On with the story.

###

I sat there trying to think of what I drank this morning. All I could remember drinking was the milk from my bowel. I wouldn’t count last nights liter of water because I went to the bathroom before I went to sleep, unless that liter carried over to today. Come to think of it, I also had some orange juice with my toast. Then I had hot chocolate after sipping my moms coffee and deciding I needed something hot to drink. I got thirsty from the chocolate and drank a cup of water to go with it, then another cup of water to swallow my pills with this morning. And didn’t I drink from that hose outside Mrs. Fenches house? I remember my little brother giving me his orange juice too because he didn’t want any.

Uh oh! I was in trouble. Not to mention the intense gravity, it probably sped up the process like crazy. I couldn’t stand the though of all that fluid collecting into my lower abdomen. It made the strain worse. I crossed my legs tighter and pressed my left hand into it in hopes of actually getting anywhere with my homework using the pencil in my right. I actually felt the gradual process of water inflating my bladder over the course of two degrees. It was a ten degree class. Then I had three more ten degree classes that I wouldn’t make it to if I tried to use the bathroom between periods. What was I going to do? My tension increased by the hundredth degrees and I had four classes to get through!

The homework was to list the forms of transportation in order and write a summery under each of them. He also wanted us to sketch the forms of transportation. I wonder what he’ll think of my squiggly line art I joked to myself, seeing how clumsy I became with the pencil. “Mr. Bentsen?” I asked with my hand up while bouncing up and down in my seat and clenching my crotch area. He looked at me for a moment.

“If it’s about a potty break the answer’s no.” Of coarse he wouldn’t, that would make perfect sense otherwise. “I just wanted to say I’m sorry for earlier.” I lied.

“Uh huh!” He replied sarcastically. At least he had a sense of humor. “Tell ya what. If you can finish that assignment in class I’ll let you leave early to use the restroom okay?”

“Okay!” I got started strait away. First I drew the carriage with simple shapes like squares and rectangles. Circles for the wheels obviously. I wrote the approximate time period in which they were used and what their benefits were, as well as their weaknesses and what replaced it first. That’s what I would draw next. The urine pressed down and agonized my inner muscles draining over half my concentration. Keeping my self control was like trying to stay balanced on top of a ball and juggle at the same time while the ground underneath shook harder and harder to through you off. My breath started quivering and my legs shivered. I felt cold. There was no comfortable position. It didn’t matter how I sat or shifted, nothing worked to relieve the pressure.

My gate was a fine and fragile tissue taking on the persisting antagonism from my bladder. It urged and moaned and begged nonstop. I had only half finished my assignment and I was only four degrees into class. Six degrees to go before my next class started at 150 (degrees). I flew through my homework until I got stuck.

What came after the train, the plane, or the car? What exactly happened during those times? I asked a neighbor for help, unable to hold still. He had to snap his fingers several times to keep my attention while the time flew by. The longer I waited to leave early, aside from getting closer to peeing my panties in front of everyone, it became less likely I could beat the line-up during break time. Trying to remember the history of all the forms of transportation was like trying to remember the alphabet. It took half the remaining class period just to get past the car while my body fought a war.

My bladder started to spasm, nearly letting the stream go. Surprisingly, my panties stayed dry during that spastic attack. But that wouldn’t last long. I felt droplets pip into the inner fabric causing moisture. I jammed my hand down and pinched back my fluid with full force. “Hold still, Seven!” Mr. Bentsen called out to me. “There’s no reason for you to act out like that. Self control!” He emphasized. “Okay?” I didn’t respond, except by obeying to the best of my ability, stopping myself from shifting or bouncing multiple times. The shivering didn’t cease despite any conscious efforts she made to control herself. “Self-control!” He said again. “Stop shaking, you’re fine.”

“I’m trying!”

“Just calm down.” All I wanted at that point was for him to shut up and let me work before the bell rang. “I’m calm now.”

“No you’re not. You need to settle down. You’re doing this to yourself.” He tried to stay calm while my face grew hotter and hotter.

“Mr. Bentsen.” Brock came to my rescue yet again. “I have a negative opinion about you. You should lecture me about it.” The class bust up in laughter as he turned the fear of his raging tone into a mockery. I tried to contain my own laughter so I didn’t spurt. It worked, mostly. Before completely suppressing my laughter it snuck a light drizzle past the gate and through my cotton underwear. It sent a cold chill up my spine that almost made me loose my control, like a sharp, painful stab of a balloon ready to pop.

“I am not playing games with you today Brock. Your going to shut up and do your work!” I tried to continue my assignment while Brock worked his magic with the teacher.

“This is you’re last warning Brock! Stay out of my business, keep you’re mouth shut!…” Once again, he had him right where he wanted him. The teacher through out every unjust statement that pissed off a teenager. “I’m the adult, you’re just a punk kid, you don’t know what you’re talking about.” The works. Brock effortlessly dashed the power and influence of each and every one of those phrases, making them a mockery one by one, by simply staring and nodding as if he agreed to it, but kept a smirk hidden on the side of his face only visible from the side.

He shushed snickers to make it convincing and leave the teacher hanging, wondering if he was sincere or not, all the while weakening his grip on students. One way or another, he did it again. Teachers and peers slowly lost their position of authority through him and his partner Jane. The faculty recognized this, and so feared them. They new well they would turn the whole school against them if they didn’t appease them. They were the leading example for students in their state of oppression.

To my great surprise, the last three modes of transportation where easy to draw and summaries. 149.2 degrees. I had about .8 degrees to leave and use the restroom, but the teacher went on a tangent that lowered his status by the hundredth degree (Terranovian second). After another point-four degrees a slow leakage picked up between my pounding legs. Again, I pinched it back with all my might, which made almost no difference besides stopping the leakage. Shivering and squirming out of control, banging my legs together, pouncing in my seat, I decided, if he could play the teacher this easily, it probably wouldn’t be a problem to interrupt this once to take advantage of my bathroom privilege before things got messy. “Mr. Bentsen.” I interrupted. “I finished my home work.”

“Go ahead.” He confirmed. I instantly hopped up and hobbled towards the door.

“Can we pick this up after school?” Brock suggested maturely.

“Ya.” He agreed. I felt my rock hard bladder slowly wearing the little grip I had left. It felt like I was hanging on by my two pinkies. I had both hands jammed between my legs. How was this going to work? I asked myself. The instant I let go, urine would dart to the ground. The intense force of my bladder split the fragile lips apart and shot a powerful jet of urine that sprawled throughout my panties in that brief instant, streaming around my hands and shooting out in several directions through my fingers for a two hundredth degree (2 Earth seconds, count them, one-Mississippi two-Mississippi) before it completely dissipated and I regained control of my bladder, but not enough to let go. It made a puddle below me the size of a basket ball and left my underwear drenched. Urine dripped from my soaked butt either directly to the floor or down my legs. Still, it didn’t compare to what remained.

My heart chocked in humiliation, a choking that reached the tip of my throat and the pit of my stomach as I hobbled the rest of the way to the distant bathroom, free of lines. I was almost their when the bell interrupted my excitement. I was so close to reaching the door, literally twenty paces away when all the girls started rushing in, and by the time I reached it, the crowd formed on the outside. I held it in with hopes they’d let me go next, but one after another, any girl but me went next. Who ever was closest to the door had their next turn. The crowd didn’t get smaller, it got larger, and I got filtered to the outside. In a groan, I retreated to the English class room at 250.

The class work today was to read chapters four and five out of a novel. I was about the main genius behind the technological revolutions of the early twenty first century. His name was Jim Fugglus. I did the pee dance on the way to my desk and sat down to continue dancing in my seat. I stomped my feet on the ground and gritted my teeth. I bobbed up and down and rocked back and fourth vigorously with my this pressing so hard they almost bruised. “Seven, honestly!” The teacher scolded. “Why didn‘t you go during break?”

“I tried! The line was too long!”

“Ya ya! The line, the bus, the traffic, the schedule, it’s always something with you kids! Can’t it just wait, just until the end of class!”

“No!” I whimpered, tears streaming down my eyes.

“Well you need to! This pee thing has got to stop. You’re big girls for God’s sake! Just hold it until the end of class. It’s no big deal.” Two degrees into class, when we started reading and the class was dead silent, I noticed a pressure in my bowels forming as I juiced out the last of my endurance to fight off what became an involuntary push outward on my urine. I felt myself involuntarily forcing the urine out myself in a spasm. First for a four hundredth degree (One Mississippi) further drenching the cotton, then for almost a two hundredth degree (Almost two seconds).

That formed a small pond in my skirt on the chair warped to fit human butts. After a final spasm, I felt myself uncontrollably forcing out the remainder. It sprayed as powerfully as a shower head coming out, quickly flooding the seat and pooling over the edges onto the floor. The sound of liquid spraying through drenched cotton disrupted the dead silence of the class. “Seven!” The teacher scolded me. “Out! Quickly before you stain the carpet!” She charged at me and yanked me by the arm in the middle of peeing and dragged me out to the tile hall as I left a thick trail behind me. My bladder hadn’t shrunk a bit by the time I got out into the hall way.

“Stand their and finish peeing!” She shouted, her angry voice bleeding through the wall. The students looked at each other in disgust towards the teachers treatment towards me. I sobbed spastically as my lake grew underneath me and she scoffed me more for it by the tenth (Degree). A single, powerful stream shot to the floor and various channels of urine streamed off my legs and into my socks, finally flooding my shoes and drenching my feet. “I can’t believe you!” She scolded me further. “This is disgusting! You’re a freshmen in high school and you’re peeing on the floor! You are peeing your pants!” I started shaking, sinking in shame, swallowing me into a whole of anguish as she rose her voice. I almost puked.

My puddle stretched out about a meter in diameter. I rather not talk about my experience with the principal. I’ll tell you this much though, there was a class room’s worth of girls there being penalized for the same thing I was. Why girls? I wondered, but I recalled seeing the bathroom doors. Boys didn’t line up at the doors for some reason. The principal shouted at the top of his lungs at us. That’s all I’ll say. He didn’t abuse us physically, but it hurt just the same. He gave us a fresh pare of underwear and cloths to change into. My skirt didn’t really absorb moisture so you couldn’t tell if it I peed in it, so I told him it was dry and asked if I could still wear it instead of the jeans he provided. “Ya.” He told me.

I went into the girls locker room with the other girls. Each girl received a different pair. Mine was white and covered in tinny yellow flowers. It had a frilly white band on the top. Nothing special to talk about, but I figured you guys liked details like that so... When we got there, I dropped my Hawaiian skirt and stared down at my underwear. It was originally plane pink with a white, frilly band, but it had two shades of pink now. My cotton panties absorbed the urine like a sponge. The darker shade of pink sprawled half way up the front side, and part way up the back as it continually dripped on the bottom. I couldn’t tell if it was the gravity or me still peeing. Two of the girls already had diapers on. One wore short, purple pajama shorts over it. It was wet around the bottom, bulging massively from underneath.

By the way is sagged, there had to be more then just urine in it. The other girl wore hers under a white, frilly skirt that matched the white, frilly diaper underneath. Urine dripped to the floor from under her skirt as she dropped it to the ground to reveal the moist diaper with a pee stained padding. All the other girls wore panties with stripes, panties with dots and panties with flowers and pictures. I won’t explain all the details for you guys. They all dripped. I dropped by drenched panties and put them in a plastic bag the principal gave me. We wiped our selves and pulled our dry panties up. I pulled my skirt back up and headed out. The self diapered girls changed into their dry panties the principal provided with worried looks on their faces.

The principal told us if we peed our pants again, he would smack us. After the third time, he didn’t deal with it any more. That was the third stage of the sink whole students fell into, diapering. He had us sign our name on a sheet, just note-book paper. He checked us off each time we had an accident before being diapered. Not a one who wore diapers, had any trace of confidence or self esteem. They often had much higher grade levels, or lower ones. It effected them one way or the other. Neither way was ideal. The ones who got high grades did it in a sad attempt to redeem themselves. They had high stress levels that could shorten their life span by ten Earth years. Diapered students who had lower grades were the ones that lost their confidence and gave up on pursuing their careers.

They couldn’t change themselves, they couldn’t use regular restrooms, (as if they could anyway), they couldn’t wear anything to hide their diapers, and they were only changed during passing periods. Teachers wanted to make sure they didn’t permit “incompetents” to use the restroom if they wore diapers, not that they permitted us anyway. In most cases, if diapered students shared the same eating schedule and had a similar metabolism, they lined up at specific passing periods and couldn’t always be changed in time before getting to their next class. It’s like the old problem we already had. Not enough services to mete the demands. This was a major problem in developing colonies with no government. Instead of using the infinite resources to create public restrooms, they used it to recycle disposable diapers.

Used ones would just get thrown into a digital portal and transferred into the computer, right? Wrong. There molecules where disassembled and turned into hydrogen while the machine recorded what it was destroying, then it turned the hydrogen back into what ever object you put in it. Since the molecular structure of resources was downloaded into the hard drive, all you had to do was copy and past the file and feed the machine plenty of trash and dirt and waist. Whether you retrieved it back or not depended on the programming. For example, trash could be turned into hydrogen, and then it could be turned into a clean diaper instead of the same trash you put in. You could also put in a dirty diaper and pull out a clean one. The molecules of the human waist would add to the machines hydrogen inventory because all you need is the molecules of the diaper, to make the diaper.

Unfortunately, people on Terranova used it more for diapers then toilets because they were too stupid to figure out how to place more toilets, or they were too busy dealing with traffic or pollution or pluming or what ever else went wrong. Again, plumbing was still being established and no one really got any were with it. Sewer lines intersect each other and cause leakages and, what surprises me is that they don’t just channel it to the portals.

As I talked to some of the girls I found that almost half of the ones that wore diapers, wore it underneath clothing at their own will. They decided it would happen anyway, they might as well skip the whole painful process. I considered it, and made up my mind within a two hundredth degree. I missed my English class, going through the principals chamber of emotional turmoil. My next class started at 260. Math. Joy! I thought sarcastically. It was the class I had Riley in. “Hi Seven.” She greeted.

“Hi Riley.” I replied. I put the plastic bag in my back pack before coming to this class. She looked worried when I spoke.

“You okay?” She asked.

“Ya.” I lied.

“Did you… not make it or something?” I nodded slowly. “Oh no!” She whispered. “That was just the first right?”

“Ya.”

“You should totally wear one before they make you.” I new what she meant. Everyone new about the three strikes thing.

“If I can make it till then.” I worried, noticing an urge develop in my bladder again.

“What do you mean? You just went didn’t you?”

“I have to go again.” I whispered.

“Again?” I didn’t respond. “Well good luck. Think you can…”

“Can we not talk about this any more.” I interrupted.

“Oh! Sorry. I have to pee too. I haven’t gone since this morning.”

“At least you got to go this morning.”

“I wake up real early in the morning.”

“I can’t imagine.” We talked about congruent triangles. It was sooo boring! I slept through the whole lesson. I honestly did better off reading out of the book. It just showed you what you needed to know and you could do you’re homework.

My pee desperation grew faster this time. I felt my all ready worn bladder start whining again within a degree. I wondered to myself if I should ask to go now, or later. If I went too soon I might build up again by fourth hour. We didn’t use hours any more, but we still called it our “first hour class” or “third hour class” just out of tradition. I digress. Usually, I slept through her whole lecture. This time was different though because my pee need woke me up not half way through. It was 263 and the urge got irritating. She lectured for another four degrees before giving us our assignments. I grabbed a book and started reading, crossing my legs. It felt like somebody squeezing your head when you had a head-ace. Just like before, I worked on my homework while I shifted my legs in a sorry attempt to get comfortable.

Again I rocked back and forth and shifted my legs constantly. I was hopping up and down in my seat by the time I finished the assignment. It didn’t take much to finish. I didn’t feel like asking and getting yelled at again, she never let students go during class our. 267.5 (degrees). I squirmed in my seat to keep my new panties dry. I noticed Riley crossing her legs as well. Two other girls in the class room either pressed their hands in or double crossed their legs. I double crossed mine. 267.7. The clock moved so slow. I wish I had a diaper then, like a red head in my class who’s skirt bulged noticeably. My squirming grew more vigorous as the clock ticked slowly to the bolded mark I worshiped. Riley bounced up and down in her seat with me.

After a painstaking three degrees, the bell released us. Me and Riley dashed for the bathrooms on the other side of the building, but the crowd picked up in the hallway and slowed us down. “Now what?” Riley cried. We went towards the bathrooms anyway. When we got there, the crowd around it grew larger then last time. We moaned and hopped on our feet with our hands in our crotches, crouching. The girls crowded at the door moaned and grudged, hopped and bounced and wriggled. I stood at the perimeter of the crowd and whined. “I won’t make it another ten degrees!” I cried.

“What are we going to do?” I couldn’t wait for this line. I couldn’t be late for another class, and I couldn’t hold it for another ten degrees. I let go right there on the spot. It pored out and ran down my legs. I didn’t care anymore. I wasn’t going to wear their diapers. I simply wouldn’t. The urine drenched my new underwear and spread throughout the floor. As it filled my shoes again, I heard a girl moaning harder at the pattering sound of pee hitting the floor. I saw another girl crouch down and pee gradually through her jeans. Another girl wearing a skirt followed suit and let her fountain spill on the floor, standing strait up with her face blaring red. One girl, who wore short, blue shorts, cried out as her pee rushed through uncontrollably. Riley was just building up the courage to pee through her jeans gradually like that other girl when a teacher caught us.

“Hey!” He shouted. I we instantly pinched off the stream as we gasped, except the girl in jeans, who just continued peeing. “Ah ha! So you do have some self control.” I couldn’t speak, but if I could relive that moment today, I’d simply say “Not for long.” But I didn’t. “Off to the principals office girls.” He said plainly as he shooed us off. I left the other two behind to finish their business while I went incomplete. I still had an irritation in my bladder as I went through the court yard. I savored the colorful sky full of moons and mid day stars on my way to the office. It would be that last glimpse I’d get till after school.

Strike two. I had one more chance to make it through the day and wear diapers before the principal made me wear it bare. I left my happy place to enter my prison in the principals office. I didn’t want to mention this earlier, but the procedures was to sit and wait while the principal called some of the girls to follow him into the next room, where I heard vicious spankings taking place, from which I saw girls wearing diapers and girls in tears from the spanking. Second strike, It was my turn for the spanking. He called us into the other room, including me this time. It was a slightly smaller sized class worth of girls, half sized. In the other room I saw a table. Just a table, and two packs of diapers on the floor next to it. We lined up against the wall, wondering which side was the front of the line. It didn’t matter once we found out he picked us at random.

He picked the first one, wearing jean shorts with a wet crotch. I looked away in horror as I saw him drop her shorts and panties. He slapped his hand hard against her bottom. I saw her whimpering and trying to hold in her tears as her face flushed red, her butt redder. Her eyes watered. It went on for a fiftieth of a degree before he picked out the next girl. “Leave that off!” he scolded before she could put her wet cloths back on. She went back in line with her wet cloths in her hand and her waist bare.

“You.” He beckoned, looking at a brown haired girl with glistening legs, wet socks and a blue frilly skirt. He pulled it down to reveal a water mark on her light, blue underwear, then pulled down her underwear to smack her. She yelped in pain and humiliation. “Owww!” She whimpered as the spanking dragged on at a mercilessly even tempo. She went back in line when he finished. “Your next.” He looked at the girl in jeans who tried to release gradually in the hallway. When her pants and pink underwear with a big yellow flower came down and, instead of smacking her, her laid her flat on the table belly down, ass up, as the boys joked. Now I new what they meant.

“Belly down, ass up, that’s the way he likes to fuck!” The boys would chant and laughed together, teasing the principal. They weren’t kidding. He laid a Velcro diaper down on the table and rolled her over. He then whipped her down, sprinkled baby powder on, which turned out to be behind the packs of diapers, and wrapped her diaper over her waist. He patched it closed and sent her back in line. One by one he either spanked, or diapered girls. They were almost all freshmen, excepting a senior, two juniors and five sophomores. Some of them cried out loud, some endured the whole thing, and one leaked upon being spanked. He spanked her harder and longer before wiping his hand off and sending her back in line.

“You!” His stare pierced my narrowing pupils like needles. I went up as hesitantly as everyone else. He dropped my favorite, neon yellow Hawaiian skirt with neon red flowers surrounded by neon orange tie-die. It revealed the drenched, yellow stained bottom of my once fresh, white panties with tiny flowers. He recalled me from earlier. “Twice in the same day.” He scoffed, singling me out. The other girls watched as my white underwear dropped to the ground. SLAP! I yelped as it began. His hand against my bare bottom mortified me as it stung unbearably.

I felt myself involuntarily twitching my hands to cover myself, but I restrained my self in fear of getting in bigger trouble. I choked my tears back for only a short moment before the pain burst out of my lungs in a high pitched cry. His slapping didn’t cease. I almost went insane when he finally stopped. I went back in line with a flaring pink bottom. The girls looked at me with pity. They told me later he spanked me harder then anyone else. He sent me back in line.

After he tapped the last diaper in place, he handed the girls clean clothes and a plastic bag. “Get changed and go to class.” He ordered. The panties and jeans and skirts flew up their waist, mine as well. My new pare of panties were blue and green stripes and a white band. Once again, a dry pare of underwear, but I still had to pee. On top of that, I had to poop.

