Camila the soccer player

Author: realmadrid

*000*2012-08-01 18:07

This is my first story so, here goes. The story begins in the voice of a girl Camila, and the story is pretty much based on a girl I was once friends with, except for the name and a few minor details. This is her description of her experience that she told me.

I got into this whole pee thing when I was little. I once saw a girl pee her pants in daycare, and I just got that feeling but did not know what it was. Eventually when I was 13 I came across google and decided to search, and I found some fetish pictures, but I did not know it. Sometime went by until I realized what to do. When I was about 14, I tried to pee in a pair of gray cotton sweat pants. I tried to pee, but couldn't. I sat for hours trying and trying until I exhaled very calmly and the warm liquid cascaded out of me. I had a good time with myself after that... if you know what I mean

For the the next year I did it very often,sometimes fantasizing during classes, until one day I just could not do it; I simply could not release the liquid into my panties. It was as if I had a wall there. I decided it was time to take a break, so I did something else I was really itching for:cigarettes.

One day, when I was 15, I waited for my family to leave my house so that I could try one that my friend stole from her dad just for me. Finally, they all left and I lit up. Something incredibly magnificent occurred; as I inhaled the first puff, a slow,warm stream of pee flooded my pajama pants; streaming down my legs and turning me so much. Something about that cigarette... I just don't know. Unfortunately, something had occurred to me afterward. I had developed a psychological problem, I made myself believe that I would pee myself at any point in time. I decided that my self-indulgence must end. The decision had been set-forth, no more wetting.

A couple years had gone by; erotic effect of watching a wetting had not subsided, and there had not been an incident of accidental wetting as I had feared. However, this would all change in a soccer match.

