Holding it too long (A Girl)

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2011-05-29 14:21

The English Class had just started:

You are walking into the class door just as the teacher writes English 100 on the black board. It is the first day of classes at the university, and even in high school, you have been trained that you take care of personal business outside of the class hours. Normally, you would have used the toilet before something like this started, but you were lost and just found the room just in time.

"Please find a seat, Miss," the teacher looks at you still standing at the door.

You adjust your head, shift your book bag a bit up on your shoulder, and walk to one of the only two seats still available, right in front of the blackboard staring down the teacher's throat. Your nine-teen year old soft bushy hair falling to your shoulders shining smells of roses and fresh air. Several boys turn their head to watch you as you walk to your seat.

Your jeans are roomy and comfortable, and your purple button down blouse that hides just enough to be modest, but still fashionable enough to hint at the start of the slopes of your breasts pulls off a tasteful seductive picture of innocence. You take your seat and take out your notebook non-challantly crossing your legs at the ankles.

The teacher is dressed in a business suit and has short ear-length brown wild hair. His blue eyes are soft and inviting. He has a white toothy smile, and the rhythm of his words are enticing as he talks about the syllabus of the class. The man smells of fresh air and a hint of old spice.

"Our class will be Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays from 9:40 to 11:30," the man sings through the air in a tenor. "We will start our first lesson with some samples of good writing, and then you will be given a chance to write for me, a descriptive paragraph."

The professor passes out a packet of writings with five different descriptions. You follow along as the teacher reads, his pauses and tenor voice carry the weight of the image, and before you know it, you are imagining a cool crispy spring next to a water fall that drowns out all other sounds. The lush green grass feels so real that your feet seem to feel massaged by the non-existent carpet in the classroom. The sudden chill in the air tickles up your spine, and then realization brings you back to reality as he stops talking and you feel a certain fullness in your bladder.

Many members of the class are watching you, and some of the members are themselves still dreaming of what the teacher had just read.

"Now, your assignment, ladies and gentlemen, is to move me with your words. Describe for me, a very special or sacred place. Let me see it, hear it, and feel it. Show me where you are."

You shift your feet a bit and then look down at your blank paper. It feels so strange being in this predicament. In high school, you would have had to raise your hand, and some teachers would say yes, while others would say no. If you did raise your hand to ask to leave, would the rest of your classmates point at you and call you nerd? Would you become the social outcast? Perhaps you can hold it for a bit longer...

Around you, some students are starting to write. The teacher is now walking about the room, offering advice to people and helping different students get started on their visions. A vision comes to mind as you think. Your favorite place in the world, seems to take shape, but it is only blurry because at least a portion of your concentration is on the small portal down inside your panties that must be kept sealed. further up the tubing, you have to remind your bladder to relax enough to keep from panicking but not enough to let anything start.

The scenery of your favorite place is a perfect representation of your paradise. The weather is perfect, and the sounds and smells are peaceful. The image is implanting itself as you think of it, and then you put your hand to the paper with your pen, and you scratch the first phrase that comes to mind. You look at this phrase with wrinkled brows for somehow, it still does not capture the mood of the place.

Deep within your body, you feel a shivering that is agitating your bladder, and a cold sweat is starting to dampen the roots of your hair. Your mind is clearly on your bladder, and the image you were thinking of is starting to waver. Your stomach is starting feel tight within, and the tubing leading between your bladder and out is starting to feel a little anticipation.

Looking down at your paper once again, trying to proofread and come up with an idea to describe a particular detail of the place, you wonder if you'll ever get two pages out this assignment. The smells and the noises are particularly difficult, and the scene is still sketchy at best. The clock on the wall seems to be slowing down. The class is dragging on.

The teacher comes by your seat, and looks down at your paper.

"Not bad, but perhaps you should try to vary your words a bit more," he gives some helpful criticism which you barely hear through your busy brain.

Your legs are starting to sway some under your desk, and you bite on your pencil as you look at the clock again. It is only 10:30. It will be another hour, if you try to wait it out, and you are not so sure that will be a good idea. You look around at the other students, and no one seems like they have any other interest but to finish the writing they are working on.

You feel a small twinge in your side that has you caught, bending at the waist, trying to catch your breath without letting anything escape through your plumbing. The feeling of a nervous twitch shivers through your legs and your stomach. Other nervous twitches send spasms against the whole of your mound. The rubbing of your legs, causes your pubic hairs to tickle and your kidneys sent sharp signals alerting your brain that they threaten the state of your panties.

A bead of perspiration starts to flow down the left side of your face. Your legs are bouncing up and down and rubbing against each other, pushing your pelvis this way and that, rubbing the the lips of your opening against each other, making secretions of the deepest personal pleasure to seep out. But the shaming warmth is still pinned behind the burning opening of the small clamped hose.

Around you, people are writing or talking with their neighbors about their work. They are sounding out their phrases, but you cannot concentrate on anything but the sharp signals in your sides and the thread like beads of water building in the tube between your bladder and the darkest spaces of your panties.

The clock is reading 10:35, and you feel as though twenty minutes have passed. You feel disappointed as you shift your position trying squeeze your left thigh through your right leg as through one of them is a ghost. The urgency for finding more strength within your muscles is growing, and still you are uncertain if you should be raising your hand, running out of the classroom, or continuing to sit there holding it.

Hot moisture in your eyes makes everything blurry and they itch as though they were just waking or as if you had been staring into the driest of environments. The warmth between your legs, the pain in your sides, and the pressure in your mound is agitating. Another bead of perspiration slides down the right side of your face cutting a trail that comes close to your right eye.

Your body is starting to quiver, and your muscles in your growing are starting to waver. You have to do something soon before nature just takes over. The clock is not helping.... 10:37.

Finally, you hands start shaking as one of them starts to raise towards the ceiling. Your face feels extremely warm and your ears burn, but you know you are nearing the end, and to ask would at least be better than letting it flood the floor in the class. You find that your hand is hesitant even in your resolve to do something about it. Would it be rude to just leave the class?

You are starting to scoot back and forth in your chair, rocking a bit of pressure against your hole, and then relaxing it. The pressure there, you are sure that it will keep inside but it feels like too much, and there is a strain that makes it harder to hold it. The pressure relaxed, you are scared of it leaking, but at the same time, the pressure seems to make it feel less urgent. Back and forth, slowly, you rock to tense and relax your muscles.

The teacher is walking around, and doesn't seem to see your hand. You are an adult. You could just speak up, but to say that you are dying to pee so openly and publically, what would your parents or even your friends think of you? How could you get yourself into such a situation to begin with? The questions make you feel so humiliated, that you start to lower your hand subconsciously. Your right hand slips down off of the desk and reaches down to the buttons of your jeans. 10:39.

The banging and rubbing of your knees is increasing in speed and intensity. Your knees are actually banging hard enough that you feel like someone is kicking you. Your hand is now slipping the button through the eye of your button hole to loose your jeans. It is also slipping between your legs, and rubbing against your thighs trying to keep from being indecent, but also make you feel like you are doing something more to hold it in.

The paper in front of your isn't even half full of writing, and your right hand is just now dropping the pencil it had. Your body is starting to visibly shake, and your knees are bouncing, knocking, and rubbing frantically. The pressure is too great to hold back the escape spurts that have forced their way into the tubes past your bladder. The burning of these water spurts feel like thread being pulled through the tight tubing. Your sides are now in enough pain to make sitting straight nearly impossible.

Your right hand shoots into the air, this time much higher as you feel a little squirt push past your tight little hole. It is just a little spurt, but it is enough to cause your sweat on your face to pour two more streams of perspiration down the old river tracks, and your ears burn, and the warmth in your panties lets you know that you have already started to wet.

Finally, at 10:43, the teacher calls on you.

"May I please be excused from class?" You ask looking up at the cute teacher with as much cuteness as you can muster.

"Well, it's usually considered bad form to leave class early." He mutters to you.

"I know, but this really can't wait." You can feel the whiny pain in your voice as another squirt slips past your tight hole and wets the crotch of your panties. Your left hand feels a bit of wetness, and surprise crosses your face as you feel your jeans dampen.

"Well, Please don't make it a habit," the professor says. "I'll see you on Wednesday."

You stand up feeling your ass hoping there is nothing back there to see. Your ass still feels dry, and you start to step quickly towards the class door, the pain in your sides making it hard to hold yourself up with any dignity, and the constant pressure in your growing causing your left hand to stay planted in your crotch. You step through the door at 10:45.

You walk quickly with little steps which allow your knees to stay panted together towards the bathroom. Your hands, both of them, are not planted against your crotch as you drop your bag on the way to the toilet. Your sides are on fire in pain, and the pressure in your tubes are making them feel swollen beyond endurance, and another squ...ir....t, this one longer and river-like, flows out of the faucet wetting your crotch, your inner thighs, and halfway down your legs. 10:46.

At the bathroom door, the corridor full of people watching, you find yourself forced to reach your right hand out from under your crotch, allowing another squ......ir.....t to fill your panties and wet down further getting some of the river to bend around to the backs of your thighs and a thin stream to come towards the front.

Your ears already burning as hot as they can get, and your face as maroon as possible, there is nothing that could make it worse. You stand there, the flood now pouring over your left hand. Squatting to the floor and then sitting at 10:50, you feel the warmth spread out around your butt, soaking your legs, and trailing a shallow stream over the tile floor.

A few people are pointing at you and laughing. A few people are staring in surprise, shock, and maybe in erotic delight. A couple of gentlemen walk up to you, and they offer their hands. One of them gives you a jacket to tie around your waist. And you walk off towards the bus stop with them.

Let your imagination continue this picture if you like. :D

College Girl Stuck in the back Seat on a Long Trip

You wake up in the back seat of your friend's car, the four of you on your way to Disneyland which takes ten hours to get to. Your t-shirt is slightly wrinkled and sweaty from the couple of hours of sleep, and your jeans feel a little tight and warm as well.

Sitting next to you is a tall light brown hair green eye freckled lady of twenty-three years. she also in a t-shirt which is white with LED ZEPLIN written Across the back. Her shirt is also a bit wrinkled riding up her stomach as she sleeps. Her light-blue jeans look nearly new, and her glasses are held loosely in her left hand.

From the front, you can hear the muffled sounds of some country music and the small talk being held by the driver and the other girl in the passenger seat, neither of whom you can get a good look at from your vantage point in the back.

Looking out the side window, you feel a rush of sudden panic as you realize that streets seem too empty and only two lanes going in your direction. Somehow, it felt like you should be on the interstates where there were three or four lanes going in one direction with cars crowded in grid locks so tight that changing lanes would take forever. You call to the front to ask where you are.

"Excuse me," You call to the Front. "Are you sure we are on the right road?"

"Actually," the girl in the passenger seat in front answers. "We were forced to take a detour, and I think we're lost."

"Lost? Can't we pull over for directions?"

"We're going to as soon as we find a place, but so far we haven't seen a stop for the last hour."

The road is now a one lane one direction and one lane the other direction. It is winding around the mountains and rolling up and down smaller hills. All around you, you see beautiful tall trees, carpets of green lush grass in wide fields expanding over shear drops of some of the winding mountain road stretches. Rolling the windows down, you can feel the crisp cool spring air on your face and smell the scent of the approaching spring showers.

You unbutton the button of your jeans and zip them half way down so that they feel a little looser and more comfortable. The scenery is so picturesque, and reaching for a camera would be natural, but your camera is in the trunk a long with some other things you have packed for the exciting weekend away with your friends.

Looking to your left at the sleeping girl with her glasses hanging loosely from her hand and dangerously close to falling, you see that her left hand is now slipped in between her closed legs. Worried about her glasses, you carefully lift them from her and put them behind you on the shelf between the back of the seat and the rear window that overlooks the trunk.

The road continues to wind through the mountains and shows no sign of relenting to anyplace with any civilization. Your bladder begins to feel a little full, but you have always been private about saying things about your personal needs unless you are close enough to someplace to do something about them. It was obvious that you were in no place to take care of it, so you just sit back and look out the window admiring the beautiful work of nature.

The girl next to you starts to stir, and her eyes flutter a bit before opening to the light of the bright afternoon. Her hand is digging a bit into her crotch, and you wonder if she is close to cumming from touching in her sleep. You blush and look away.

"Where are we?" she asks as her hand digs in a bit more into her jeans.

"I don't know," You reply. "They had to take a side road a while ago, and I think we're lost."

You are beginning to wonder how long you can sit leaning back and trying to ignore the strengthening signs of your bladder. It is obvious that the girl next to you is not only digging in, but is starting to squirm a bit because of the same discomfort. You can do nothing for her, and you wonder if she is over-acting, or if she is closer to having an accident than you are. Her right hand feels around the back of the seat, over the shelf until she finds her spectacles and fumbling with them a bit, she puts them on her face. It seems quite a trick to do with only one hand, but she was either unwilling to or unable to take her left hand from her growing.

"As soon as you can," she finally says to the front. "Pull over even if there is not building. I've got to get out of this car before something bad happens."

"There isn't anyplace to pull over," the driver tells her from the front. "What's so urgent?"

"I'm going to pee my pants if I don't go soon," she says just loud enough for everyone to hear, her face blushing."

Your face blushes too. You think you might have to go just as badly, but you are too nervous to admit it at first. Now that she has said something about it, you whisper that you might have to pee too. The other girls in the car say that you sound cute when you say it. The driver says that she understands, and as soon as she can, she'll find a place to pull over for you two.

Time seems to pass very slowly or you maybe actually driving for hours, it is hard to tell, but your filling bladder is starting to complain a bit louder. You are getting some throbbing motions in your tummy, and your legs are starting to tighten and close a bit closer together. The girl to your left, is now bouncing her legs up and down, her knees rubbing, and her face contorted in worry as she looks at the unyielding road that has a steep bank of dirt on one side of the road, a narrow lane for cars going in the opposite direction, and a sheer drop after that. It is obvious that there is no place to even pull to the side of the road.

Several more minutes pass before you find yourself also putting your own hand down between your tightly closed legs and rubbing at your jeans crotch trying to sooth the burning desire that is trapped by the tightly sealed portal below. Up in the tubing, it is possible that little driblets of soldiers are lined up just behind the bladder gate, waiting for it to give the slightest so they can march down the tunnel to freedom.

The road starts to level off for the third time since waking up, and you hope it means a stop might be coming up soon. You are digging your fingers in so much, it looks like you are starting to play with yourself. The first little bit of moisture is seeming to seep through but you don't feel it leaking. Your legs are bouncing frantically. You are scared. It won't be much longer.

On your left, the girl is rocking back and forth and is starting to show tear streaks down her face. Both of her hands are digging in hard, and her legs are squeezing her hands to the point it is a wonder she can even get her hands down there. Her body is shaking. Sweat is beading along her hair line. You blush as she notices you looking and she blushes even more. It is getting too late.

Suddenly

You see a small glistening patch creep from under her butt at first.

It starts to grow.

She then starts hissing into her pants so loud you hear it.

Your bladder gives way...

And you ...

P...e.......e... through your pants.

No one in the front yet notices that you two are wet, and you both stay quiet scared to say anything.

The Interview of a young girl

Today is one of the most important days of your life.

The landlord's patience was wearing thin as he was a typical Christian who did not believe in flaunting extra marital benefits of any kind, and instead of listening to your side or trying to understand, he just decided he didn't like you. It was really none of his business what you did or didn't do as long as you paid the rent, but then again, the lease was not even in your name, but in the names of the three guys you were staying with.

The ice was very thin, and even the three guys were being threatened with an eviction if they didn't get rid of you. You could move back home, but then your self-righteous father would be proven right, and women should not be on their own, but should stay with their parents until marriage. You couldn't face your parents if you had to put up with him being right. No, you had to find a way to make it on your own. You finally found a place that not only promised you a room and board, but also a job as an assistant, and no experience was even necessary.

You had been out of college just about six months, but there didn't seem to be any jobs in the field of electrical maintenance at this time. You were very smart, and had a couple of back up degrees, but even they were of no help in the disastrous economy left by the former or the current presidents.

Finally, someone was going consider you for employment, but you'd have to make a really good impression on the interviewer or interviewing team. You would have to dress sharply, and you would have to sound like you know what you were talking about. No big deal, right? What could an assistant really need to know? You call the number in the paper, nervously shaking your feet under the breakfast table, still in your night shirt that hung well near your knees.

"Steven's English Enterprises," a young male's voice answers the phone as your heart races even faster hoping you dialed the number right. "How may I help you today?"

"I-I'm looking for work, and I found your interesting ad in the morning's paper," you answer nervously, your legs kind of dancing under the table with anticipation hoping he'll see you. "It says you need an assistant, and that no experience was actually preferred?"

"Yes, that's right. When would you be available for an interview?"

"I could be there in about an hour and a half if you like."

"Great. Please bring a resume with you and wear something comfortable because you'll be around kids. I don't think a long skirt or dress would be a good idea, nor would expensive dress pants. Just wear really nice jeans or a kind of a short skirt."

"Wow, really?"

"Trust me, you'll find out why over dressing for this job would be a bad idea once you meet some of the students. So, I'll see you in about an hour or so?"

"Su--sure," you a breathing a bit heavy and your foot under the table was picking up speed as the heel of it tapped the floor. You finish your coffee and then run upstairs to find something nice to wear to the meeting. Over the course of the last five years, you have gotten nothing new to wear because you were determined to show your father that he was wrong, and that you didn't need his support since going away to college.

Looking through the clothes, you finally decide on a blouse that is red and white and very short skirt that is dark blue. Bending down to get your black high heels on, you notice that your skirt sort of rides up some showing your not so white panties, but you smooth it back down, and just decide not to do too much bending over while you are talking. This was really the only nice enough clothes for an interview that you had anyway.

You grab a resume paper from the top of the stack you have already prepared over the last few days, and without a backwards glance, you start towards the bus stop that will take you to the middle of town. A hundred questions and ideas are racing through your mind as the bus stops and goes letting on and off passengers. You don't even remember waiting for the bus, or who was even at the bus stop with you. You just know that the bus is now moving.

You pull out your make up mirror from your purse and look at your face yet again for the third time this morning, but it looks very professional and simple. You dare not add anymore color, though it still feels like something was missing. Your blouse is a bit faded, but it was the best you had, and your skirt at least, still looks like it could pass as almost being new. The bus keeps winding its way down the streets towards the terminal where you will catch another bus.

There is a sensation from your stomach, but you ignore it. You know you are really nervous, and stage fright though this obviously was, a lot more was in the balance than just a terrible performance. This job seemed like the only one you might be able to get in a very long time due to the hard times. You needed this job. You also needed to be out by the end of this week or the landlord would evict everyone, and you wouldn't have anywhere to go except back home.

You arrive at what looks like a small apartment building with Steve's English School written on the outside windows. A lot is riding on this appointment, and it makes your body jittery. On top of that, you haven't been to the bathroom since early this morning. You nervously stand in front of the door, straighten your blouse and skirt a bit, and then ring the door bell.

A man with a bushy moustache, a button down brown and white lined shirt, and brown trousers answers the door. He has barely any hair on the top of his head, but down the sides and in back, it is as if someone took a bowl and cut off all the hair on top only.

"Please come in," he addresses you by name. "So you are here about the assistant position?"

"Yes sir."

Your bladder is starting to fill a bit full, and as you walk into the apartment for the English classes, you see four double seated desks for up to eight students at a time, all with a computer screen in front of them. Behind the desks, there is loft with a ladder leading up eight steps to get into the crawl space above.

Under the loft is a small ice box and a small kitchenette area with a small round table and a coffee pot. There are two main windows looking out of the room, and there is a white board in front of the desks. To the one side, along the wall, there is the teacher's computer, from where Steve can direct what the students see on their computer screens.

"So, can you tell me about your experience as a teacher?"

"I... um... don't have any," you reply seriously nervous that this might have been a waste of time.

"Oh, that's good," Steve reassures you. "I was looking for someone that isn't too set her own ways of teaching. So, if I were to leave you with some children on your own for a few minutes, how many do you think you could handle at once. In general, children will be trying to get your attention, running around, and basically trying to play around. Keeping that in mind, realistically, how many kids can you handle on your own say for an hour if you had to?"

The matter between your legs is starting to become a bit urgent now, and you are starting to find it a bit hard to concentrate as you try to focus on Steve's questions, and listen carefully to what he is looking for in an assistant English teacher. Your inner thighs are ever so slightly, to avoid drawing too much attention, vibrating against each other. It is an easy matter to hide as you are sitting at one of the children's desks with your short skirt slightly exposing your panties beneath.

"I will need someone that can watch the kids when I need to do something important, and I will need someone that can help make teaching materials with me. Can you type?"

Your bladder is pulsing. There is a very noticeable feeling within your tubing like a thin thread being pulled down the narrow passages towards the opening on the outside. Your sides are hurting from holding it, and the leaking will start at any moment. You can't stand it any longer and you try to be as polite as possible as you interrupt Steve.

"Excuse me, sir? Um... Can you please excuse me for just a minute?"

"Why? You are in an interview. Don't you want this job?"

"I do... it's just... I have to pee."

"Normally, if you get up in the middle of an interview, even for something like that, your application is not looked at seriously."

"I know. But this is really an emergency. It really can't be helped."

As you sit there waiting for an answer, you feel a little give way, because your muscles are tired. You feel a little squirt into your panties, and the shock of it makes your eyes get big like silver dollars and your face to flush a deep mortifying red.

"Well, the interview is almost over. I suppose if you can't get through the interview..." Steve left the rest unsaid.

Nervous that he was going to put your application away like he had mentioned, you try to save the interview. "No, it's okay. I can wait a couple more minutes, I think."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes. I'll try to wait."

"Well, there is just one last question. If you are alone with a few little kids, and I had to be away, are you going to leave them unattended, like if something like this had happened at that time?"

"No, I promise, I won't."

"Please come here."

You stand up and walk over to Steve feeling a little nervous and hoping you might get the job. Despite his very business-like tone, and his somewhat sadistic authoritative manner in keeping you there when he knew you had to pee, there was something about him that you liked. You also knew that this job would be something you could do.

Your legs are tight together, and you are almost shuffling to get in front of him. Your body is fidgeting badly, and you feel goosebumps running up and down your arms. There is a chill that crawls down your spine. Your eyes are staring into his, and you are barely hearing his words.

"You trust me, don't you?"

You nod.

"How bad do you want this job?"

"I'd like to work here, pretty badly," you admit.

"I have to check something. I want to know how much you need this job, and since you were going to interrupt the interview, I have to see if it was worth it."

"What does that mean?"

"I have to check to see if you really can't hold it much longer."

"How are you going to do that?"

Your body is quivers partly in shock at the conversation, partly in fear at what he might be about to do, and partly in excitement that he might discover your panties are a bit damp.

He reaches his hand up by your skirt.

"Just relax and let me check."

You feel another squirt slip past your struggling wet lips below, and though it was only a micro-burst, it felt like it was forever from the point that the hole started to open again pushing a bit out, to the point that your body cut the stream off, painfully causing the flood inside to slosh back. Your hands were now up under your skirt lifting it to the point he could see your dingy white panties, which were stained a bit yellow around where your hands are.

"You really are starting to pee yourself?" he boldly asks.

You nod hoping he'll let you go.

"Then go to the bathroom, and then report to work tomorrow at 8:30."

You walk out of his office, the pee starting to slip past again, this time slowly leaking bit by bit through your panties and down your legs. It is already too late to get to the bathroom. You can feel it going down your legs, so you just run out of the school and up the street some hoping he didn't realize you were wetting your panties anyway even though he let you go. You walk to the bus, with the pee finally starting to drip dry from your panties.

*008*2011-06-08 13:39

I'm glad so many people like these stories. I'm sorry, but I'm breaking my style with the third story in this series because because I would like you imagine that you are the poor younger student who has to endure Bridget's torment. It may not come out as exciting for you, but we'll try it anyway. Enjoy being the young helpless Mia that will do anything to get the help to pass her university classes.

*010*2011-06-28 20:29

In the middle of adding a third story to the set... if you are interested.

I thank everyone for their kind thoughts and encouragement. The Selfish Prince is my pet project right now, but sometimes, I get writer's block for that one, and a side idea, so follow yourself to your next adventure as a young lady going to a very important interview.

