Gemma's wet weekend

Author: Barry

*009*2016-09-12 13:10

Chapter 7:

The girls soon became firm friends. They both knew each other's darkest secrets, and they protected them, better than you may imagine eight year old girls would. Most days they played together after Crystal got home from school, and she was always full of stories about what had been going on at Rockingham primary.

As a result, Gemma started reigning back her wetting habits. She started not wearing a diaper straight after her lessons finished, instead staying normally dressed until her friend got home. Of course if Crystal was going to be unavailable for the day, Gemma wouldn't hesitate to diaper up, but she usually waited until she found out what her playmate was doing first.

It was the same with her wetting. If she was playing with Crystal, she usually wouldn't wet herself. That didn't mean that she never did, but she usually wouldn't. If Crystal wasn't available to play with, the brakes were off, and Fleur could guarantee a soaked pair of panties or trousers when Gemma came inside, but if Crystal was there, the odds lessened dramatically.

The girls started having sleepovers. Crystal wore Goodnites to bed, while Gemma wore cloth. If they were sleeping at Crystals place, Gemma would run home before bed just so Fleur could pin her into a cloth nappy first.

Of course Fleur became friends with Andrea, Crystals mother, and the topic of their children's bed wetting was often discussed. Fleur of course never mentioned that her daughter never actually wet the bed, but allowed her daughter to come home the night before to get diapered, then again first thing the next day to get changed. Crystal knew that her friend didn't actually wet the bed, but thought it was just too awkward to explain to her mother, and while her mother thought that Gemma was a bed wetter, it took a lot of the pressure off Crystal, who still wet heavily every night, so Crystal saw no real reason to correct her mothers impression.

Gemma still had real accidents occasionally, and as she wasn't diapered around her friend, she was caught out on a few occasions. However Crystal herself wasn't immune to the occasional accident, and after a few months, they had both wet themselves in each other's company on more than one occasion. It only seemed to make their bond stronger. Crystal knew that her friend still liked to wear diapers when she wasn't around, and Gemma never tried to deny it, simply stating "I like it," and leaving it at that. With the exception of sleepovers, she never wore in front of her friend, and Crystal was the same. They would happily wear their night protection in front of each other at a sleepover, but not at any other time.

Wetting was s bit different though. While Gemma really toned it down, there were exceptions. After Crystals parents had their pool installed, both girls often played holding and wetting games while playing in their swimsuits. Just like having water fights. It was just expected that they would pee in their pants while having a water fight. They just didn't necessarily tell their parents, that was all.

###

A year passed, and it was time for nine year old Gemma to become part of the mainstream education system. Gemma and Crystal were on the cusp of ages for certain grades, and fell into the grade four category. Crystal was there already of course, but Gemma was super pleased that she would be in the same grade as her friend, as technically, with her grade scores, she could have happily started in grade five.

It was over the break before the school year started, that Fleur had Gemma on the changing table, attempting to squeeze her into a cloth diaper.

Unfortunately, the time had come. Fleur finally got the pins in, pulled the plastic panties up, then lifted her nine year old baby girl to the floor.

'Gemmy-boo, stop her a minute, it's time we had a little mother-daughter talk.'

Gemma knew exactly what was coming, and had been dreading it. This talk had been on the horizon for at least a year, and yet somehow she had managed to avoid it. But it looked as if she wouldn't be able to avoid it any longer. The time had come. Knowing what was about to happen, she felt tears spring to her eyes, but she still managed to look at her mother directly, as a lone tear made its way down her chubby cheek.

'Yes mummy?' Gemma asked in a wavery voice.

It almost broke Fleurs heart. She had been dreading this discussion, but now the time had come, and as Gem had foreseen what was about to happen, it only made it a hundred times worse. Fleur felt tears brimming in her own eyes.

'Gemmy-boo. I think you know what I'm going to say, don't you?'

Gemma sucked in a wavery breath, the tears now running freely down her little face, but she nodded her head.

'I'm getting too big for my nappies, aren't I mummy?'

Fleur felt a tear roll down her cheek, but she made no effort to stop it.

'Yes you are baby. They just don't fit you anymore, and you're going to start going to real school soon. It's time you stopped wearing them. I'm going to let you wear them for one more week, then that's it. It's time to be a big girl now and put them away, okay?'

'I s'pose you're right mummy, but what about bedtime? I always wear a nappy to bed! I don't think I'll be able to sleep without a nappy on!'

'Gemmy, you haven't wet the bed in years! You just don't need a night nappy anymore!'

'But I like 'em mummy. I feel lots better with a night nappy on, even if I don't need one. Please don't make me stop wearing those ones! Please?'

Fleur sighed. Her heart felt like it would break. The only unusual thing her little girl had ever asked for, were her diapers. It had never made much sense, but a simple thing like that had made her so happy. And not just her, Fleur as well. While virtually every so called parenting expert on the planet would have ridiculed them, keeping her daughter in diapers had without a doubt brought them closer, made her daughter happier and well adjusted, and provided them with irreplaceable bonding memories. And now it was all over. It was heart breaking.

Fleur made a sudden decision. She knew that Gemma was getting too old to have her diaper changed. Even at nine. The changes in her body were starting to show. Her hips were getting wider, her waist was getting narrower, and although she was probably a couple of years away from developing breasts, the first signs were there. Gemma was going to be one of those kids who hit puberty early, Fleur was convinced of that. And when that happened, she knew that changing her daughters diaper would be not only wrong, but in a way immoral. If Gemma wanted to wear a diaper, that was okay by Fleur, but it was now time for Gemma to take control of it.

'I'll tell you what Gem. If you want to wear to bed, fine. That's okay. But no more wearing after school or on the weekends. You're just too old for that now. And you're too old for these cloth baby diapers as well. They just don't fit you. Another thing, you're too old for your mummy to change you as well, got it?'

Gemma didn't speak, just nodded sadly. The tears had stopped, but looked ready to start at the drop of a hat if necessary.

Fleur continued. 'You have one week left. I suggest you enjoy your nappies as much as you can. Payday is next Thursday. From then on, I'll buy you some Goodnites just like Crystal wears, and you can wear them to bed. But you won't be wearing them during the day, or after school. They will be a bed time thing to help you sleep. Meanwhile, if you want to wet yourself, you will have to do it in your pants. No more diapers, got it? You're starting proper big school in a month, your baby nappies don't fit anymore, and it's time to move on, agreed?

Gemma didn't like it, but she knew it had to happen. Her diapers had been getting tighter and tighter lately, and although she hated to admit it, she had been starting to feel a bit weird when her mother changed her. She didn't understand exactly why, as her mother had been changing her for nine years, but now it was feeling a bit different. She definitely had mixed emotions. She was incredibly sad that such a large part of her childhood was being put to bed. She was relieved that she could still wear her diapers to bed, even if they were only stupid pull ups like Crystal wore, but another part of her, a secret part, also felt a touch of relief. And at least she would still be allowed to wet her pants if she wanted to. That was a biggie.

Soon, she would be going to a proper big kids school, and she realised that deep down it was probably time for her to start growing up and acting like a big kid should.

It wouldn't be easy, but Gemma was finally ready to try becoming a big girl at last.

*010*2016-09-12 22:44

Chapter 8:

Overall, the transition wasn't too bad. Gemma adapted fairly quickly to not wearing her diapers, and a big part of that was because she was still allowed to wet her pants after school.

Actually going to school was the hardest part. Gemma was very scared about it, and suffered a few nights of bed wetting leading up to it, but she had her new pull ups on, so there wasn't much damage. She discovered that the pull ups leaked more than her cloth ones had ever done, but her mother explained that she was a lot bigger now and therefore peeing more than she used to. The pull ups helped make her feel safe and secure when she went to bed, but at first she missed the intimacy of having her cloth nappy changed by her mother. She soon got into a routine. She could wear the same pull up for maybe three or four nights in a row before it would lose its shape and the elastic would become weak, but before she would throw it out, she'd save it for an afternoon wetting.

It was on one such occasion that Crystal caught her. That morning, Fleur had commented that her current Goodnite had passed its use by date, but Gemma had told her not to throw it out, but that she'd use it after school. Crystal was going out with her mother somewhere, so Gemma had some alone time to deal with.

After walking home together, the now best friends parted company outside, and went their separate ways. Gemma had gone inside, taken off and neatly folded her uniform, and put on her worn out pull up. Wearing only that and a t-shirt, she had made herself a large juice, and sat at the table to do her homework. That didn't take long, as most of the stuff they did at school, Gemma had already covered with her mother, so it was basically like revision for her.

She was now outside, being a sneaky robber. In her vivid imagination, she had got away from the cops, and was sneaking around the house, looking for a way in. As she snuck around the side of the house, she was startled by her friends voice.

'Watcha doin Gem?"

She squealed in shock, spinning around to find Crystals grinning head peering over the fence. 'Why are ya wearing a pull up?'

Gemma was startled at first, but once she saw it was only her friend, she lost any trace of embarrassment. They had seen each other in diapers or pull ups literally dozens of times, even just last weekend.

'Nothin' really. Just playing. What're you doing home? Thought you was going out?'

Crystal shrugged. 'Mum changed her mind. But why are you wearing a pull up? Are ya going to bed soon?'

Gemma hitched it back up. The sloppy elastic being the main reason it was considered too worn out to use again.

'Nah. This ones worn out. I just thought I'd wet it first, that's all. Wanna come over and play?'

Crystal jumped the fence, and soon were happily playing together. Now they were explorers, deep in a foreign jungle. It didn't take long before Gemma needed to pee, so she paused from exploring the ancient temple they were in, squatted down, and wet her Goodnite while her friend watched.

'Gem, could I borrow a pair of your panties please?'

'Course you can. Which ones?'

'Dont care. Have you got those thick training pants ones still?'

'I think so. Let's check!'

The girls soon found what they were looking for in the pantie bucket, so Crystal swapped her panties for the ones she'd borrowed from her friend, and slipped them up under her dress. Within minutes Gemma was watching her best friend do a wee in her panties, then the explorers continued their adventures.

Taking a break on the trampoline, (which was now a suspension bridge over a river filled with piranha fish and crocodiles) they sat around in their wet underwear without a care in the world.

'Gem? Do you think we're like weird or something? You know, for wetting ourselves like this?'

'I don't care Cris. I like doing it now, just like I did when I was really little. I think I'm always gonna like it. I had a little accident at school today, but nobody saw me. That's happening a lot more lately. I hope I'm not gonna be like mum, and haveta wear a diaper all the time, but even if I don't, I'd still like to wear one sometimes.'

'I agree Gem. I think we should make a deal. When we grow up, we'll make sure that we still get to wear our diapers or pee in our pants sometimes! Whaddya say? Deal?'

'Deal!' Gemma said, and they shook on it.

It was nice having a best friend who liked the same stuff that you did, especially if it was weird stuff like wetting your pants or wearing a pull up. Both girls were really happy that they had each other to share that kind of thing with.

*012*2016-09-13 09:41

Chapter 9:

As the years rolled on, the girls lost a lot of their unassuming innocence. Eventually, deliberate, mutual wetting was reserved for playing in the pool, and they stopped doing it together unless they were already wet first. They just slowly grew out of wetting themselves for fun. It didn't happen overnight, but Gemma found herself doing it less and less, especially in the backyard.

When she first started attending real school, wetting herself when she got home was a daily occurrence, and a major stress reliever for her. For the first month or two, she couldn't wait to get home, finish her homework, then run around outside in her underwear while wetting herself. But as she started spending more time with Crystal, she restricted her play wetting to times when she was alone. There wasn't any particular reason, it just seemed more appropriate as she got older.

She supposed that a part of it was the average students negative reaction to other kids wetting their pants. Crystal had warned her what to expect if she was to wet herself at school, but at first Gemma thought that her friend must have been exaggerating. Surely the other kids wouldn't possibly be that mean to somebody who had suffered an accident! But it only took three days for her to discover that Crystal hadn't been fibbing.

A grade two boy, no older than seven, wet himself on the bus on his way to school. The girls heard the commotion as the students disembarked, and soon there was a circle of kids surrounding the little boy in the wet pants, pointing and laughing at him as he bawled his eyes out. Eventually one of the bigger kids, a prefect, saw what was happening and managed to break it up, and take the young boy to the school nurse.

The whole experience shook Gemma up rather badly. She was still getting used to being around large groups of kids. Although her mother had sent her to Playgroup for years, in an effort to make he daughter socialise with other kids, there had only ever been about sixty kids there, and the ages ranged from babies to twelve year olds, and the kids had tended to stick around other kids their own age. Gemma had mainly hung around within a circle of a dozen people or so. She had wet herself twice at Playgroup over the years, and both times the carers had been quick on the scene to help her change, and the other kids hadn't really given her too much of a hard time over it. In fact, wet pants at Playgroup weren't exactly uncommon.

A lot of the kids were little, as in six or under, and were dropped off early before school or straight after school, so toilet visits were often skipped, and the inevitability of small children, full bladders, shyness, and tight schedules often ended up with kids needing the change of clothes that they were required to bring with them. Gemma had seen a lot of wet pants at playgroup, although always after the incident and not during it, and most of the kids reactions were fairly neutral when it happened. Certainly nothing had prepared her for the savagery that some of her peers had shown towards the poor little boy in the wet shorts, and it had really scared her.

One reason it scared her so much, was as she was getting bigger, her own bouts of mild incontinence had increased, perhaps not so much in regularity, but in volume of loss. When she had been much smaller, a little dribble that may sometimes occur as she ran around playing wouldn't even be noticeable, but now, if she dribbled, there would be enough escaping to show off a wet patch on her pants. Thankfully, the girls uniform had the option of shorts or dresses, so she opted for a dress, and often wore thicker, training style panties under her bloomers to absorb any little leaks. She was always careful however not to wear her training panties on days that she would have to get changed at school, as the thought of being caught wearing "baby pants" was just as terrifying as being caught wetting herself.

So gradually, her love of wetting began to wane. She missed the closeness she had shared with her mother during diaper changes, but even became paranoid about Crystal seeing her wet herself in the backyard. They were like sisters, but she knew that if Crystal ever decided to blab about her secret, her life at school would be hell. She didn't think that that would ever happen though, because although they stopped wetting in their dry pants, one thing didn't change. Crystal continued to wet the bed, and still wore pull ups.

Gemma still liked wearing pull ups to bed as well, although of course she didn't need them, and eventually the only time she saw Crystal wet herself was at sleepovers or playing around the pool.

Of course Crystal was still witness to Gemmas occasional leaks, but where once before they would have laughed about it, and Gemma would have probably ended up completely wetting herself on purpose just because she could, it now resulted in a short break from playing while Gemma went to the toilet and changed her panties. But at least Crystal never blabbed, and Gemma never told anyone about her friends bed wetting, and their shared secrets helped them remain close friends.

When Gemma turned twelve, she made the decision to stop wearing Goodnites to bed altogether. The decision surprised her mother at first, but she thought that it was probably something to do with Gemma starting her periods, and finally wanting to grow up a bit more.

Fleur was actually right in a way. Gemma started to feel a bit silly having to wear a menstrual pad to school because she was growing up, then changing into a diaper that she didn't need before going to bed, so it was decided that her pull up days were over.

It didn't necessarily herald the complete cessation of her wetting for pleasure however, it just meant that she was a lot more circumspect about how and when she did it. Wetting herself was still a great stress reliever, and often, if she'd had a rough day at school, she would come home, strip down to her knickers, and wet herself in the shower, before actually having a shower and getting changed.

Fleur caught onto this new trick early in the piece, after finding pee soaked panties in the bathroom, neatly wrapped in a towel, but she never let on to her daughter that she knew about it. After all, Gemma had been deliberately wetting herself since she was a toddler, and it had always worked well for her, so if she wanted to still do it occasionally, then Fleur saw no good reason to mention it.

She was however aware that her daughter seemed to have picked up the families incontinence curse, and although it certainly wasn't as bad as Fleurs problem, or Nana Anna's problem, it was there nonetheless. They had quite a few doctors visits and tests done over the years, and tried out all the standard muscle building techniques, but like Fleurs condition, nothing seemed to work. The onset of Gemmas puberty and menstruation proved to be a blessing in disguise however. They quickly learned that simply wearing a pad in her panties was generally enough protection against the little leaks and squirts that plagued Gemma on occasion, and when they swapped menstrual pads for light incontinence pads instead, it solved all problems. Gemma was even able to finally ditch the thick, terry cloth training panties that she had been so scared about being caught with, and switch to regular panties, although she did keep her thick ones around for a few years until she finally outgrew them altogether.

By the time she was fifteen, both her and Crystal had discovered boys. They now attended Rockingham Senior High, a mixed school, and boys were in abundance. Gemma still wore her pantie liners, but more than likely under satin panties these days, and Crystal still needed pull ups at bedtime, but all in all, they were average, well adjusted kids.

If they happened to be hanging out with each other around Crystals pool, and no grownups were present, they would stand on the lawn and pee through their swimsuits together, laughing and reminiscing about how much they had enjoyed wetting themselves when they were only little kids, but apart from that, it was like Gemmas mild incontinence or Crystals continued bed wetting. It just wasn't discussed.

It would only be late at night, after a day spent around the pool, that both girls would be lying in their respective beds and remembering "The Good Old Days," when they used to pee with each other for fun, and both of them would seperately but at the same time get a deep sense of melancholy about their ever distant childhood.

*013*2016-09-13 12:13

Chapter 10:

The love of boys was more pronounced in Gemma than it was in Crystal. Crystal seemed to like boys, but apart from going on a few dates, she never found a boyfriend that she was comfortable enough with to stick with beyond a couple of dates, or a few weeks, whichever came first. The girls discussed it between themselves, and Crystal was quick to place the blame on her bed wetting, telling her friend that although she had no plans on spending the night in a boys bed anytime in the near future, she just felt strange trying to get intimate with a boy, knowing she would need to wear a pull up to bed.

Gemma herself felt no such compunctions about her own wetting problem. She lost her virginity aged sixteen. They had been at a party one night, and alcohol was involved, but she had been sober enough to remember to visit the bathroom and pull her continence pad out of her underwear before letting the boy undress her in a back bedroom not half an hour later. Her first time was mildly painful, although not as bad as she had been expecting, but it had been awkward. It was over in a matter of minutes, and she had never orgasmed. The boy in question had no such problems though, shooting his load on the second stroke after fumbling his member inside her, causing her a momentary sharp pain, and a bit of bleeding.

Altogether she found the entire experience to be less than satisfying. Afterwards, she had found Crystal, cried on her shoulder for a while after the boy had snuck out in embarrassment, and they had gotten drunk together for the first time. Gemma ended up wetting her pants on the walk home, and wet the bed that night, giving Fleur all the clues she needed to work out that her daughter had been drinking. A tearful confrontation with a hungover sixteen year old girl ensued the following morning, resulting in a two week grounding as punishment. Gemma was just happy that her mother didn't know about her first, tragic, sexual encounter.

It didn't stop her from doing it again though, and by the time she was eighteen, she had slept with four different guys. But none of them ever developed into a proper, long term relationship. Only one of her partners had discovered her bladder problems, and he had been disgusted by it, dropping her on the spot when he found out that she wore panty liners to combat her leaks.

At eighteen, Crystal was still a virgin. She dated occasionally, but it never lasted more than three dates at the most. If Gemma questioned her, she would either claim that there wasn't any spark there, or would fall back onto the old excuse of being too scared to bring up her bed wetting issue, which still continued to plague her.

Like Gemma, Crystal had been to multiple doctors for multiple tests. She didn't have weak bladder control muscles like her friend did, and only rarely did she ever wet herself during the day, and if she did, alcohol was usually a significant factor behind it. She had suffered a few accidents over the years, but could count them on one hand, and it was only her night wetting that was a concern. But multiple diagnosis's had said the same thing. There was no physical problem behind it, and ruling out the regular emotional trauma suspects, such as abuse, be it sexual, physical or emotional, or disregarding any psychological trauma, it simply shouldn't be happening, and she should have grown out of it years ago.

She had tried various drugs over the years, but had always found the side effects worse than the condition. Migraines, upset stomachs, depression, lethargy and general muscle soreness was all that she had experienced. Now, at eighteen, she had virtually given up on a cure, and resigned herself to wetting the bed for the rest of her life. She had swapped over from Goodnites to adult pull ups over three years ago, and while they generally contained her accidents, she didn't think that they would ever do wonders for her sex life. If she ever had one, that is.

Together they cut a tragic pair on the dating scene, spending many Saturday nights together drinking cheap wine and watching romantic comedies together.

It made a lot of sense for them to eventually move in together. Crystal was studying Business Administration at uni, and Gemma, who had no desire for further education, was working as a shop assistant. When a cheap, two bedroom apartment close to the Uni became available, the two young women, now aged twenty, moved out of their childhood homes, and started out on their adult lives.

At least they didn't have to hide their weaknesses from each other. They both had rubber sheets on their beds, as Gemma would wet the bed if she was drunk enough, which it seemed she was a lot more lately, and their second hand washing machine got a good workout on most Sunday mornings. There had been times where she had been tempted to borrow one of her friends big pull ups, and she secretly liked the look of them, but asking your best friend to borrow a nappy just seemed a bit weird.

Crystal had even volunteered the use of them before, when they had staggered in at 3am, Gemmas panties already wet underneath her skirt, the result of a long wait at the taxi rank for a cab, and she noticed that a bleary eyed Gemma had looked at the package almost longingly, and had appeared to be about to accept the offer, before shaking her head, and staggering off to bed.

The next day, while a hungover Gemma was washing her sheets and nightie, she mumbled something about "should've worn the bloody pull up," but it was never mentioned again that day.

Neither girl had a lot of money, and while they enjoyed their independence, their lack of extra cash and a vibrant social life started to sting after a while. They spent more time than they wanted too, drinking cask wine and sitting around watching television. It got quite depressing after a couple of months.

One Saturday night, half drunk on cheap dry white, they started reminiscing.

'Hey, 'member when we used to play explorers?' Gemma slurred slightly. 'We found old temples and shit, we fought Pygmys with poison arrows and stuff. Fuck me, we killed fucking aliens! We was unstoppable! Look at us now, 'nother Sat'day night drinking shit wine an doin nothin'. An I'm prolly gonna piss the bed later too. Just like you, eh buddy? Man, what happened to us?'

Crystal was fairly drunk herself, and couldn't disagree with her friends logic.

'I know, right? I remember those days! Fuck we had fun after school didn't we? They say kids spend too much time with video games and shit. But not us! We were always outside runnin' round, most of the time we'd even piss in our pants, jus' so we didn't haveta stop playin'. 'Member that?'

'Yeah. Remember how my mum just let me do that all the time, then I got you doin it? I used to give you my panties to piss in, so you wouldn't get caught! Remember that?'

Both girls pealed off into fits of laughter, remembering the stuff they used to do.

'When did we stop doin that shit Gem? And why?'

'Argh. I think it was when I started going to real school with you. Running around in my nappy started to seem kinda stupid I guess. But I miss those days Cris.'

'I do to mate. We oughta do it again one day. And I'll tell you something else as well. You really oughta wear one of my pull ups tonight. You're drunk, and you're gonna wet the bed. Save yourself the hassle, and put a bloody nappy on. Think of it as old times sake!'

The talk continued until they had drained the cask, then Gemma agreed to try one of her friends big pull ups. She wet the bed that night, but had the best nights sleep she'd had in years, and woke up on dry sheets.

Even her hangover seemed less intense than usual.

Edited September 13, 2016 by Barry (see edit history)

*014*2016-09-13 13:21

Chapter 11:

'Are you sure you won't come with me? Please?' Crystal pleaded, pointing to the clipping she had torn out of the campus newsletter. 'It's perfect for us! Look! Just read it!'

Gemma sighed, and picked up the advertisement. It was for a seminar on female incontinence problems, hosted by an international expert in the field. There was going to be talks and tips on hygiene, product displays, and contacts for various local support networks.

'No Cris. Been to these things before, and they just don't interest me I'm afraid. I know what my problem is, weak muscles, but the exercises don't seem to fix it. It's hereditary, in my case anyway. My mum and gran are both incontinent, along with my auntie. I know what products work best for me, and frankly, sitting around a room full of other women all staring at each other kinda freaks me a bit. You should go through. You might get a new clue on your bed wetting. Besides, I'm working overtime that night, and I need the money.'

Crystal was disappointed, but determined to go. She hadn't yet completely given up on one day finding a cure, and if she had to go by herself, she would.

The night of the conference came around, and although she had tried a few more times to persuade her friend, eventually Crystal had been forced to give up,and go on her own while Gemma worked the late shift.

Gemma didn't get back to the flat until after 9:30. She was grateful that she had taken the time to pee at work after finishing her shift, even though she hadn't really felt like going. Her bus had been delayed, and standing around in the cold always made her want to pee. Now was no exception, but thanks to her earlier foresight to pee earlier, she had managed to make it home with mostly dry panties, only having leaked a tiny bit on the way up the stairs.

As she opened the door, she heard Crystal laughing. She put her purse on the kitchen bench, and hurried through the lounge room on the way to the toilet.

And would wonders never cease!

It appeared that Crystal was sitting on the couch beside a man! She didn't have time to stop though, her pee hole was tingling, and she knew was only one cough, laugh, or sneeze from absolute disaster.

'Hi there! Back in a minute,' she stammered, hurrying down the hallway to the combination bath/toilet. In the end it was close, but she made it, a wet spot only an inch across giving tell to how close she had come to disaster. Washing her hands, she hurried back to the lounge, eager to meet Crystals new feller.

She entered from behind the couch, noticing at first his crew cut hair, ear piercings, and small neck tattoo. Her flat mate had a glass of wine, while her man friend had a can of beer in front of him. It looked like little Crystal had gone and gotten herself a bad boy!

'Hi guys,' she said again, announcing her presence, 'Sorry, had to go to the loo!'

Crystal turned and smiled at her best friend, and Gemma noticed how her eyes were sparkling and how flushed her cheeks were.

'Hi Gemmy! I've got someone here I'd like you to meet! We met at the lecture. Hope you don't mind us coming back for a drink?'

Gemma shook her head, grinning wildly with excitement. Crystals friend had been busy with his phone, and was now tucking it away into the inside pocket of the army disposal jacket he was wearing.

'Gemma, meet Toni!' Crystal said, as Toni stood up.

Gemma stood up as well, extending her hand in greeting. 'Hi Tony, I'm Gemma, pleased to meetcha!'

She had to give herself at least some credit later, for she was pretty sure that her smile didn't falter at all.

"Tony" got up, and offered her own hand.

'Hi Gemma, I'm Toni,' the tough looking young woman replied, shaking the offered hand warmly. 'Crystal here has been talking about you all night. Lovely to meet you.'

As nice as she seemed, Toni was without doubt one of the manliest looking women that Gemma had ever met.

She sat down wordlessly, and reached for the wine.

*015*2016-09-14 03:41

Chapter 12:

Dave Evans sighed. He was 23 years old, a reasonably successful self employed concreter, physically fit, healthy, at least passably good looking, and yet here he was again.

Another Saturday night spent at home, (which happened to be a granny flat in his parents backyard,) drinking beer alone, naked except for the big diaper he was wearing, and watching adult diaper porn videos on the internet. He felt somewhat disgusted with himself.

He actually wasn't too disgusted about the porn he was watching or the diaper he was wearing, just disgusted a bit with his life in general. As a good "granno worker," he earned pretty fair money. Being self employed gave him a lot of responsibility, but also a lot of freedom. He had the luxury of picking his own work schedule, at least to a certain degree. He was able to drive around in a brand new V8 ute, (great tax deduction!) and was doing quite well financially.

He was a quiet but popular guy, and had a lot of friends, although only a few close mates. He had played a lot of cricket and football in his younger days, but had given that up when he started up his own business. Not only did he now work most Saturday's, but the risk of injury was too high. If he hurt himself and couldn't work, it would cost him big time.

But the reason he was at home on a Saturday night and not out clubbing with his friends, was the same reason he was living in his parents backyard. Money. He earned a reasonable amount of it, but he was paying off a block of land, which he was going to build his first house on. By living at home and being frugal for a couple of years, he hoped to eventually build and fully pay off his house by the time he was 35. That was the plan, anyway.

His feelings of disgust stemmed more from boredom than anything else, and it was something that only he could change. Although only 23, he was disillusioned with the whole night club and party scene. He loved going out for a beer and a dance, but most of his mates indulged in various narcotic substances when they partied, and he just wasn't into that. He'd done his share of pingas and E's, even fired up the old glass barbecue once or twice, but the risks weren't worth it. He'd even given up smoking weed. A lot of job sites he worked on were subjected to random drug tests, and if he failed one, it was instant dismissal. Also, Dave had invested pretty heavily in the tools and equipment he needed to run his own company, so if word got out that he was a druggie, it wouldn't do his business any good at all. He'd never been a big drug user anyway, so it wasn't a hard decision to make.

His disgust with himself stemmed from a lack of motivation regarding his social life. Of course he could afford to go out with his mates if he wanted too, and he didn't need drugs to enjoy himself, but he just couldn't be stuffed. He could go to the pub for a pint or two, but he couldn't risk a DUI, so he'd need to catch a cab, and again, he just couldn't be arsed.

What he wanted, was a girlfriend. Someone to spend quality time with, not necessarily having to go out and get shit-faced every weekend with. A girl he could go out to dinner with, to the movies with, or simply stay home with and watch TV.

But that came back to the diaper he was currently wearing. He didn't need it at all. He wasn't in the slightest bit ill or incontinent, nor was he a bed wetter. He never had been either. He vaguely remembered wetting the bed once or twice when he was very young, but they were just one off type of occurrences. He'd wet his pants three times growing up. Once at school in grade one, when he was six, once at the supermarket with his mother when he was eight, and once in the backseat of his dad's car aged ten, when they had gotten stuck in a heavy traffic jam after an accident.

But he had always had a secret fascination for wetting his pants. He had been too scared to ever really try it when he was little, lest he get caught, but he spent a lot of time thinking about it. He loved playing in their pool, because it gave him the perfect chance to wet himself as much as he wanted to without any risk of exposure. As a result, he spent a lot of time playing in the pool as a kid.

As a teenager, the desire to wet himself became overwhelming. He started doing it in private, wetting his briefs or boxers in the shower and hiding them until they dried, and as far as he knew, he'd always gotten away with it. There had been one terrible experience where he'd stashed a wet pair of boxer shorts under his bed when he was fourteen, and his mother must have found them, because they turned up washed and neatly folded on his bed with the rest of his laundry, but she had never mentioned it to him, and he said nothing to her about it, so it was never spoken about. He supposed that she must've thought that he'd had an accident, but he was just supremely thankful that she never bought it up with him.

It was around this time that he discovered the wonders of the Internet. His family had had the 'net on for years, but there were strong firewalls and filters on the families desktop, so his early searches yielded limited results. But he received his own laptop for his fourteenth birthday, and from then on, a whole new world opened up for him.

His first Google search had been "pants wetting," and he had been blown away by the sheer number of possible sites and chat rooms that discussed that sort of thing. Soon he was a regular visitor or member on a number of different sites, and discovered that he was far from being the only person, or even teenager, who got a kick out of wetting his pants.

This is where he discovered diapers. He had only known about baby diapers before, and hadn't even heard of adult ones, or continence pants, and another doorway soon opened in his mind. He researched bed wetting pants, measured his waist, and found out that he could still fit into the larger sized pull ups.

It took him weeks to gather up enough nerve to actually buy them, and to this very day he remembered the acute humiliation he felt when he rode his bike to a shop three suburbs away to buy them, and how he had stuffed them into his backpack, but couldn't zip it up, so he'd had to ride the ten kilometres home with his backpack open, and a pack of Goodnites almost sticking out the top of it.

But he also clearly remembered that first night, laying in bed wide awake and waiting for his parents to finally go to their bed, so he could at last stand on his chair, and drag the package from the very back of the top shelf of his closet, where he'd hidden them. The memory of ripping open the packet and smelling them was still vivid, as was the memory of taking off his pyjamas and finally putting one on. It had been a snug fit, but he had managed it.

He wasn't brave enough to wet it in bed, in case it leaked, so he dragged out the towel he had brought in with him earlier, folded it in half, placed it on the floor in front of his mirror, and stood his bare feet on it, shivering a bit with a mixture of cold and excitement. He then let go of the bladder full of urine that he had been saving up for hours, just for this very moment. It turned out to be a good thing that he had brought the towel in with him, because he overflowed it, causing pee to escape and run freely down his still hairless legs, producing a big wet circle on the towel between his feet. But the pull up had contained most of it, and the sensation of trapped warmth around his boy bits had been incredible.

He had ended up laying down on the wet towel, feeling the sodden pull up squelching beneath his bum, and had frantically grabbed at the front of it, quivering with excitement as the swollen diaper squeezed around his stiff boyhood. He had squeezed and squashed and mashed the soggy pull up against his erection, until he had felt a strange, tingling sensation that seemed to start in both his toes and his belly at the same time. He'd never felt anything like this before, and at first he thought that he was going to pee again, but as he was wearing a diaper and laying on a towel, he quickly disregarded any worry about that, and continued pulling, rubbing, and stretching his private parts through the soft warm cloud that enveloped them.

Moments later he shuddered, and his whole body stiffened up, his toes curled and his back and neck arched, as the most amazing physical sensation that he had ever experienced rocketed through his body, and his cock had pulsed inside his pull up, shooting at least four large squirts of stickiness into the saturated Goodnite.

Although it was his first ejaculation, (while being awake at least,) he knew straight away what had just happened. His father had sat him down for "The Talk" when he was twelve, and as embarrassing as it had been, his dad had done a good job and been thorough with it. He had also been having sex-ed lessons at school for years, so he was fully aware of what he had just done. He'd been having wet dreams for a couple of months now, and had woken up with sticky, stained pyjamas a number of times, (another thing he was supremely glad that his mother had never mentioned,) but he had at last discovered the joy of having an orgasm while he was awake. He had pulled his nappy down, and carefully examined his residue, marvelling at what his young body had managed to produce.

He hid the pull up in a pre arranged plastic bag, which he stuffed into his backpack at the last minute before leaving for school the next day, and disposed of it in a trash can near where he caught the bus.

For the next week he had performed all sorts of experiments with those pull ups. Peeing slowly. Sitting down. Lying in bed on top of carefully placed towels.

Trying to hold on long enough so he would wet on purpose was a big thing, but he wasn't ever able to do that, running out of time late in the night and eventually giving in and wetting on purpose.

But now Dave had learned how to masturbate, he took to it with a passion. When his supply of pull ups ran out, he just wanked himself without them, or wet a pair of underpants instead. But while he always enjoyed doing it, he never came close, (no pun intended) to the intense and sublime experience of his first orgasm in the wet pull up. But he never gave up trying though.

*016*2016-09-14 07:20

Chapter 13:

After his first early experiments with those pull ups, Daves sex drive took off. It was quite a while before the young lad had the right combination of money, time, privacy and nerve to buy pull ups again, and when he did, he learned to ration them out better, making the next packet last for nearly a month. Instead of using them every day, they stayed hidden for special occasions, when his parents and sisters were out of the house for a while. Even though he restricted his use of the diapers, he didn't restrict his experiments with exploring his own body. It didn't take him long to work out what made him tick.

He continued to search for content online as well, and by the time he was fifteen, he had watched a lot of porn, a lot of it rather "different," at least by regular "vanilla" standards.

Being an adolescent fifteen year old can be confusing, especially regarding topics of a sexual nature, but Dave was eventually comfortable enough with a few facts:

:He definitely wasn't gay.

:He liked girls. A lot.

:He liked wetting his pants and wearing diapers, as well as holding on to his pee, causing desperation.

:He REALLY liked girls or women who wet their pants, wore diapers, and held onto their pee, causing desperation.

Apart from that, he was fairly ambivalent about a lot of things. Race, colour, weight and size were only minor things. A fat chick in a nappy could be hotter than a beauty model in a swimsuit. A black girl in wet jeans was hotter than a blonde girl tied to a bed. He liked females in general, and if they were wet or diapered, or willing to be, then that was just so much better.

But when a kid of fifteen first starts dating, bringing up the subject of wetting and related stuff just really isn't a viable option, so he didn't.

He was a strong, good looking, popular kid, and had no trouble leaving a string of girlfriends behind over the years. Of course he didn't have sex with all of them, and often he just casually dated for a while before realising that there was no spark there for him.

He managed to remain a virgin until he was nearly sixteen, and while his first time was pleasurable, and the girl involved had claimed to enjoy it, he had felt a bit deflated afterwards. Like most boys, he had been fixated on losing his virginity, expecting it to be like in the movies, one of the greatest things in the world, but once it happened, it just hadn't seemed as good a time as he could have by himself in a pull up. But it was nice though.

There was one girl he dated that he got excited about. Her parents weren't home, and he went into her room and sat beside her on the bed, and they made out for awhile. As they wiggled around, he was sure that he could hear the crinkling sound of a plastic sheet beneath them, but alas, he never found out. She dumped him for no apparent reason only a few days later. He often wondered if she had been a bed wetter.

He started a serious relationship with a girl when he was nineteen, and they dated for over six months. One day at the beach he convinced her to pee in her bathing suit for him, and she had appeared to enjoy it, laughing as she tinkled on the sand. But when he'd bought the subject up at a later date, and asked to to pee in her panties in her backyard, she had been disgusted by the idea, and they broke up not long after.

Another girl, Alison, had been deeply attracted to him, and at age twenty one, they had gotten to the stage of planning a life together. Their sex life was great, at least from her perspective, but although Dave enjoyed it, it seemed like something was missing all the time.

He finally managed to bring the topic up, and admitted his fantasies to her. But whilst she wasn't repulsed, she just told him that water sports was a thing that she had no interest in, and couldn't ever see herself indulging in it. Whilst Dave had strong feelings for her, and did enjoy their sex life, it seemed somewhat bland without wetting, and after a few more discussions on the subject, they parted ways amicably, and with no hard feelings.

Diapers and wetting weren't all he was interested in of course. He wanted a smart, attractive girl who could think for herself. She had to be his intellectual equal at least, and independent enough not to be treated as a doormat. She didn't need to be stunningly beautiful, but had to be at least presentable, and obviously needed to share similar interests to his, like horror movies and rock music for example.

The ironic thing was, there was already a girl in his life that ticked most, if not all of his boxes. She was smart, pretty, (in a butch sort of way,) she was a bed wetter, had incontinence issues which she wasn't shy about discussing with him, and they shared a lot of similar interests. She was a motorcycle mechanic, and they both had a passion for dirt bikes.

She also shared his particular kink for deliberately wetting her pants and wearing diapers. They had shared many in-depth discussions about their particular shared interests. If circumstances had been different, she could definitely have been a great match for him, both in and out of bed.

Unfortunately for him, while she remained a close friend and confidant, she also happened to be a lesbian.

Dave sighed, sat back from his computer, and relaxed his bladder. The beer that he'd been drinking had no problem in flowing freely out of him, and soaking into his already wet diaper.

He took another swig of beer, wondering to himself exactly what Toni was doing now.

*018*2016-09-15 10:17

Chapter 14:

Once she got past the butch exterior, Gemma found herself liking Toni. She didn't often "click" with people straight away, but Toni seemed nice. As rough and tough as she looked, she spoke fairly quietly, and had a definite touch of shyness about her. But that was the contradiction that made her interesting. When she removed her army coat, she revealed a half sleeve tattoo on both arms, as well as the small dragonfly that adorned her neck. Her ears, eyebrow, nose and lip were pierced, and she had a stud under her lips as well. While her hairstyle wasn't exactly a Mohawk, it had been clippered short above her ears, whilst the strip down the middle stood up in a long,bleached tangle. Gemma suspected that the motorbike helmet on the floor was probably responsible for the tangled hair. She was fairly short in stature, only about five foot tall or so, but even with her lack of height and soft spoken manner that hinted at shyness, she still brimmed with a quiet confidence.

Crystal was explaining how they had met. They had ended up sitting together during the conference part of the seminar, and had both came to the same early conclusion that it was nothing more than a thinly veiled advertising campaign for the feminine hygiene company that had sponsored the event. No new treatments or breakthroughs were being discussed, just a continuous spiel about how great the company's products were.

Even though they didn't know each other, they had exchanged pleasantries when they ended up seated with each other, and had broken the ice with a few lame jokes about why they were there. After all, when you're at an incontinence seminar, there's a pretty fair chance that nearly every single person in the audience is somehow affected, and that means that they all know that you are as well.

Crystal and Toni had shared a few nervous laughs together, then found themselves actually starting to hold a non-related conversation with ease before the first speaker had started his spiel. After thirty minutes it was obvious that they were sitting through a grandiose marketing exercise, and Toni had leaned over and whispered 'Fuck this. I need a cigarette and a coffee. Wanna come?'

Crystal had been more than happy to leave by this stage, and had followed Toni outside the auditorium. She only usually smoked when she was out drinking, but she accepted one of Toni's cigarettes and they stood around smoking and chatting, sharing a laugh about how pathetic the whole experience had been. Apparently they weren't the only ones who shared that opinion, as there was a steady stream of young women now exiting the building. They finished their cigarettes, then Crystal followed Toni's motorcycle in her beat up old car to a local cafe, where they continued talking over a coffee. Coffee had led to the talk of a real drink, and while Toni wouldn't drink too much whilst riding her bike, she agreed a couple of light beers would go down nicely, so after a quick stop at the bottle shop, they had arrived back at the flat only an hour ago.

Gemma poured herself some wine, (from a bottle, not a cask!) and settled in to the conversation. Toni's sexuality was obvious to all, but they gradually learned more about her, as she did about them.

Toni was twenty four, and a qualified motorcycle mechanic. She still lived with her parents as she saved for her own place, and had lived in the area since her family had moved there fifteen years ago. Of course the topic of the conference eventually came up, and Toni sheepishly admitted to her problems. She was stress incontinent, and a semi regular bed wetter. This gave Crystal the opening that she needed, and she admitted to her own bed wetting problems as well.

'Wow,' Toni exclaimed, 'you just don't expect to find other girls in our age group with wetting problems! We must be like two of a kind around here!'

Gemma put up her hand. 'Three of a kind actually....' Laughing at the look of surprise on Toni's face.

'Bullshit! You too? You're kidding, right?'

'Nup! Wish I was, but I'm serious. I'm more of a daytime type of person though, unless I'm pissed, then the bed gets punished.'

Toni was fascinated. She had never met another person in their twenties with incontinence, now she'd met two in one night! And they lived together! Amazing! She wondered if these girls might be an item, it wasn't always easy to tell. Her "Gaydar" had gone off when she'd met Crystal, but it wasn't always entirely accurate, but now she knew that her latest acquaintance lived with another girl, and not just any girl, a very attractive coffee skinned beauty who just happened to share a very rare condition with her. Well not really rare, but unusual for their age group at least. She hoped that Crystal and Gemma weren't a couple, as she had found herself instantly attracted to the brown haired girl with the big brown eyes.

The three of them started swapping stories, awkwardly at first, but after awhile with greater gusto, almost trying to outdo each other with their tales of past experiences and embarrassing mishaps. Toni was enthralled by the way that Gemma had been allowed to wet her pants and wear diapers when she was a little kid. The more they talked, the more outlandish their stories became, and what would normally have been an extremely difficult topic for them to talk about, became an extremely humourous one, and they all had to dash off to the bathroom at various stages, less they wet themselves.

By the time the stories had turned to how Crystal and Gemma had first met, then grew up together, experimenting with their wetting activities as they went along, Toni had been able to work out that they were in fact just BFF's, and not actually lovers, and she was glad of that. They talked late into the night, and when Gemma made her good nights at around 1am, Toni and a tipsy Crystal were sitting beside each other, smiling at each other nervously, and while they both said good night, they hardly noticed her exit.

Gemma smiled to herself as she closed her bedroom door. It looked like her best friends lack of interest in a boyfriend might at last be about to be explained.

She wondered if Crystal herself had had any previous idea before tonight that she may be gay.

*019*2016-09-15 10:20

{{5 hours ago, Kinkykitten said:

Please continue. I'm loving this.

}}

Thank you very much. I'm pleased that at least someone is reading it! It will start hotting up a bit more soon, I'm just trying to build a base for it.

I welcome any feedback, suggestions or criticism you'd like to make.

*020*2016-09-15 14:06

Chapter 15:

Gemma had almost expected Toni to spend the night, but half an hour later, she heard the door close, and a few minutes after that, a motorbike taking off.

The next morning was Saturday, and both girls slept in late. It was almost ten before they met in the kitchen for coffee. At first Crystal appeared shy and embarrassed, but eventually returned to her normal self and stopped fidgeting about nervously.

'Toni seems nice,' Gemma ventured.

Crystal made an effort to appear nonchalant, but couldn't stop the flush rising in her cheeks, or prevent herself from smiling. 'Yeah. She does, doesn't she? Sooo, you liked her then?'

'I just said I did, didn't I? Why, do you like her? I mean LIKE, like her?'

Crystal was glowing red enough to cast a glow in a dark room. She looked out of the window, averting her gaze while she verbally stumbled over her response.

'Well, yeah, I mean, of course, ahh, she's a nice, ahh, person I think. I mean I don't like know her real well of course, but, well, she seems sorta, well....'

Gemma punched her friends arm. Hard.

'Can the crap Cris. You know what I mean! Don't be a dick! You should know that I wouldn't give a fuck, so don't play games. I think she seems great. Perhaps you should like invite her out for a drink or something!'

Crystal was rubbing her arm. Gem could punch quite hard when she wanted too, but she was grinning at the same time.

'You think I should? I mean, she's obviously a lesbian, I wouldn't want to give her the wrong idea or something!'

Gemma couldn't help laughing. 'Man, you are so full of shit. Listen Cris, you don't have to pretend anything around me, you know that! If you like her, that's a good thing, and I'll be so happy for you. You're my best mate, and as long as you're happy, I'm happy. I couldn't give a stuff about who you share your love life with. So long as we stay friends, that's all I care about!'

Crystal actually had a tear running down her cheek. She leapt from her chair and flung her arms around Gemmas neck, and buried her face on her friends shoulder.

'Thanks Gem. I love you so much!

Gemma was surprised to find a tear on her own face. 'Don't understand why you'd think any different, ya twit,' she mumbled, trying to keep the emotion from her voice.

Crystal released her friend, and stepped back, suddenly embarrassed. Before any awkward silence had time to settle in, Crystals phone beeped. She picked it up, and smiled as she read the message.

'Its from Toni! She wants to know if I want to meet for breakfast!' Crystals voice was exuberant. 'Should I?'

'Course you should! Why would you even have to ask me for? Go for it! But you might want to change your diaper first!'

Crystal stuck her tongue out. 'Jokes on you smart arse! My pull ups actually dry this morning, believe it or not! I kinda didn't sleep much last night, and ended up getting up to pee. Twice. First dry night I've had in ages. But what about you? Wanna tag along as well?' She sounded genuine, but a bit hesitant at the same time.

Gemma took the hint. 'Nah. You go. It's my turn to do the housework, and I need to do some washing and some shopping. You go, and see how you two get on in the cold hard light of day. You have the bathroom first, and leave any washing you want done, I'll chuck it in with mine.'

This earned her another firm hug and a tearful thanks from Crystal, who then almost ran into the bathroom for a shower. Gemma wiped her own eyes, which seemed to be leaking a bit this morning, then went and stripped her bed, (which wasn't wet) and gathered the dirty clothes that were strewn around her room, taking them into the flats tiny laundry. She picked up the miscellaneous plates, cups and glasses that were littering the lounge room, and only twenty minutes later, Crystal appeared, freshly scrubbed and smelling fresh, dressed in her newest stretch jeans, best boots, nice blouse and jacket. She was definitely better dressed than she normally got when the pair of them went for coffee. Gemma smiled to herself as her best friend almost floated out of the room.

With the flat to herself, she wondered what to do first, shower or wash up. A twinge from her bladder answered that question for her. She needed to pee, so a shower was the obvious choice.

She entered the still steamy bathroom, hoping that Crystal had left her enough hot water. The smells of her friends shampoo, deodorant, and perfume lingered in the air. She noticed that her flat mate had done as she had been told, and left her washing in a pile near the combination bath/shower. Gemma had the idea in the back of her mind that she would pee her panties in the tub. She hadn't done that in a while, and the timing was perfect. She had the place to herself, and was about to do laundry.

The sight of the empty bathtub caused her bladder to twitch again, even more violently than before. The sight of the bath had almost convinced her aching body to just give in to her urge. She hissed a sharp intake of breath between clenched teeth, and jammed a hand against her throbbing pee hole through her pyjama pants, and bent forward sharply at the waist, willing herself to just hold on for another minute or two. She pulled her pyjamas down, and kicked them besides Crystals, which were balled up on the floor. But her socked foot came up against a soft, but solid resistance. Keeping one hand firmly pushed against the front of her panties, she used her foot to kick the pile of clothes on the floor around a bit, trying to see what her foot had encountered.

It didn't take long to find. Crystals pyjamas had been hurriedly dropped on the floor beside the tub, and trapped inside her pants, was the big pull up that she had worn to bed last night. She recalled Crystal telling her that she hadn't wet last night. Keeping two fingers jammed on her panties where her pee hole was starting to feel wet, she managed to bend over and pick the pyjamas off the floor. It was a bit difficult while only using one hand, but she was finally able to free the pull up from the confines of the pants.

She placed it on the crowded bench, and ran her free hand through the thick padding. It was still warm from her friends body heat, but was also bone dry. Without even thinking about what she was doing, she stepped into it, pulling it up over her green and black striped panties. She was about to step into the bath, but had run out of time. As soon as she had taken the pressure off her pee hole, her knickers had started getting wet, and by the time the nappy was up past her knees, a dribble had started leaking through them. She had only just managed to get the diaper up to her waist before she had lost all control.

Abandoning the idea of the bathtub, Gemma grabbed the side of the bathroom cabinet with both hands, and dragged a towel across the floor with her foot, in case of leaks. She shuddered with pleasure as the hot urine flooded into the thick padding of the diaper, and she was mentally transported back to being eight years old, and being wrapped in a thick cloth nappy, complete with booster pad and plastic pants, which had virtually guaranteed no leaks would occur, and remembered the complete freedom she had felt as she had run outside after her lessons and released the pee that she had been deliberately holding on to, completely wetting herself with the permission of her mother.

The memory invoked a sudden pang of sadness and loss, and for the third time that morning, a tear escaped, and she emitted a silent sob for the times that had passed, as her bladder finished emptying itself, and a small, lonely trickle escaped, snaking its way down her leg, to eventually get absorbed into the top of her pink sock, but it wasn't strong enough to reach the towel on the floor.

After she thought that she had finished, she remained in that position, with her legs spread, and tears flowing down her face as she felt such a profound sense of loss. All the memories of her mother happily changing her, asking her if she was wet, running around wearing nothing more than a t-shirt and wet panties, and of course playing with Crystal, while they sneakily wet themselves together. It was almost too much.

Now here she was, alone in a shitty little apartment, working a dead end job, earning fuck all money, driving a car that was actually older than she was, and peeing in her best friends discarded diaper, while that friend was on the cusp of a new love life, and she was still alone.

'Just how the fuck did I end up here?' Gemma thought.

She seemed to have at last stopped peeing, but just to make sure, she bent forward and gave a firm push with her abdominal muscles, and almost squealed with surprise as she broke wind loudly and viscously. For half a second she thought she may have pooped herself, but quickly realised it had only been gas. But regardless of what it was, it had been kind of funny, and she knew that Crystal would have probably wet her pants laughing if she had of been there to see it. Gemma herself chuckled at the ridiculousness of the situation, and raised her head, looking at her tear stained face in the mirror.

She chuckled again at her reflection, a bit louder this time, then straightened up, as the smell of her flatulence reached her nose. It almost made her gag, but she giggled instead. She took note of the entire scene. Here was a twenty year old girl, wearing a technically stolen, second hand diaper, standing in a dingy, laundry strewn bathroom, with a trickle of pee on her leg and the top of one sock, crying, and gagging on the smell of her own farts.

Oh how she had come a long way from fighting aliens on board her own spaceship!

That was the final thought that cheered her up, she guffawed at the thought, then had a fit of giggling like she hadn't experienced in years, at least while sober anyway.

But at least she knew what to do about the housework now. The shower could wait. She used the towel to dry her leg, then placed it between her legs, and firmly squeezed her diaper, forcing the extra volume out of it like a wet sponge into the towel. Then she gathered up the washing, and padded back to the laundry, where she filled the machine with the first load.

Feeling better now, and wearing nothing more than a pink pyjama top, a sodden diaper, and pink ankle socks, Gemma got stuck into the housework. She washed up, vacuumed, and made her bed, and then her lunch, which she happily ate while sitting her wet diapered butt on a towel.

It wasn't until after two in the afternoon that she regretfully decided that she should at last take her nappy off and have a shower, just in case Crystal decided to bring Toni back. It would be difficult to explain she thought. But one things for sure, she had been a lot more productive than usual while she had been diapered, and the apartment was spotless.

As soon as she took it off and stepped into the shower, she felt her mood change slightly. She didn't come even close to crying again, but that strange sense of happiness, freedom and childish innocence had left her immediately.

That was when she first realised just how much she missed her diapers.

*023*2016-09-15 22:47

{{49 minutes ago, Minervafan110 said:

Wow this is such a Awsome story so far

}}

Thanks Minervafan. I was starting to worry about you! Hadn't seen you on the board for awhile!
