SANAM City; PrivSec, the corporate machine - Page 2

*027*2018-10-13 19:26

Disclaimer, sexytime ahead

“Virulence, the one on 42nd” she said with a coy smirk. “Just drop me off and I’m done for the night.” She told the pilot as she sank into the comfortable seat. It had been a long day, she’d been shot at, nearly crushed, done some shooting of her own and stressed about her slowly dwindling continence. Worst of all that damn ‘checkup’ with the doctor where she’d pissed on the floor. Emelie let out a sigh reflecting on the day’s events, nothing too out of the ordinary besides the whole pissing herself. She watched the city drift by through the window. If only she could have an aircar chauffer her around every day; that however was still above her paygrade.

“Going out for a few drinks, I’ll tell you when I’m back to bring the brat over.” She said aloud, transcribing a message through her implant to Joshua. What would have been a half hour drive with traffic took all of five minutes zooming through the air of the city. The pilot’s voice came through her implant shaking from her reflective state of mind. “Have a drink for me Ms. Blackstar this is your stop.” He said, opening the door. “Thanks for the lift, sure you can’t be my personal driver for the rest of the night?” she asked with a laugh, stepping out of the vehicle onto a rooftop landing pad. “Maybe once you get that promotion and talk to corporate.” He teased with a chuckle as the door shut The engines spooled up again and the whole craft shuddered for a moment before lazily lifting into the air leaving her alone for a moment on the landing pad save for the bouncer at the roof access door. -

The sun had almost fallen beneath the horizon and already she could see the aurora’s faint glow in the early evening. The vast Aurora Centrallis that lit up the night sky. As if the city didn’t have enough color with all the luminescent billboards and holographic projections. The landing pad was only five stories above street level and a few blocks down she could see a large projection of a woman dancing around completely nude; it must have stood at least 4 stories tall. She couldn’t tell what it was advertising but that hardly mattered. She approached one of the many bar counters of which there was at least one per floor.

“The special.” She said with a smile to the bartender. The woman nodded getting to work mixing out a concoction of alcohols with a few special ingredients. “and put it on Ms. Mouzaya’s tab.” Emelie added. The bartender looked hesitant for a moment people asking to put drinks on the bosses tab were usually either bold or stupid. Rarely was someone a special guest of the boss. After a moment the bartender just smiled and nodded when she received the confirmation she needed. 

“Of course Ms. Blackstar, forgive the delay. I just had to check, I’m sure you understand.” She said, sliding the drink towards her. Emelie just nodded, unperturbed by the security checks. The drink was a bold green, the signature color of the club and bubbled slightly. She took a sip, the frigid drink went down easy and when she exhaled her breath condensed into visible vapor. Now to find Aria and surprise her! “Do you know where Aria is?” she asked the woman behind the bar before leaving. “I believe Ms. Mouzaya is in her office.” She offered. Emelie tipped the woman a few dollars and was on her way. Perfect, she was already on the top floor where Aria’s office was located. Aria’s office was waiting for her, the door shut as always. Emelie gave a curt knock and waited patiently. She frowned when there was no answer. She knocked again, more impatiently than the last time.

- “Looking for me my little murtaziq?” a familiar voice surprised her mixing in words of her old tongue with common speak. She jumped, almost spilling her drink another dribble of urine wetting her thong. The woman’s hand firmly grasped her shoulder turning her around. Emelie feigned a pout as she woman pushed her back against the door and planted her lips up against Emelie’s. A tingle ran up her spine at the kiss, her lips felt electric. Emelie broke the kiss, her knees feeling weak. She looked down at the woman who stood a few inches shorter than she.

Emelie had always been jealous of her slightly exotic features and more olive complexion. Still holding her drink in one hand she spun the woman around pressing her against the door. The power exchange was something that always thrilled her. Aria smirked coyly allowing herself to be held there by the larger woman. In truth Aria was a very wealthy woman. Not ultralux, but for street level she did very well for herself. Her implants rivaled Emelie’s and like the woman they were all subtle save for her designer eyes. A snowflake like lattice work replaced her iris and every time the woman blinked the pattern shifted and changed, no two patterns ever the same. Her hair was black like Emelie’s but her skin was much less pale. -(edited)

The pair stayed dangerously close for a moment, Emelie intoxicated by her scent; a mixture of the smoky club atmosphere and an expensive perfume. She took another sip of her drink exhaling smoke through her nose before pressing herself against the woman kissing her greedily. This time she forced her tongue into the woman’s mouth deepening their kiss. Emelie could feel Aria’s knee brushing against her thigh as the woman raised her thigh between Emelie’s forcing it between her legs.

She shivered grinding against it through her skintight leather pants. Emelie had to break the kiss this time moaning quietly. Her hand slowly slid down Aria’s back towards her hips but the exotic woman smacked it before she could reach her target. “You’re ravenous tonight and you certainly look the part.” Aria spoke, the tone of voice she had it almost sounded like she was lecturing her.

“It’s been a long day.” Emelie replied with a husky moan as she continued to move her hips. “Come, finish your drink and let’s dance.” Aria suggested. “I’ve been doing paperwork for much too long. I think I may go crosseyed.” Emelie happily obliged gulping down the rest of the deceptively strong drink, setting the glass down when they walked past an empty table. Her head swam for a moment as her inebriation increased. She giggled allowing Aria to lead her by the hand to the nearest escalator. In the privacy of the elevator they were all over each other neither of them able to resist; kissing, pulling each other’s hair, pushing each other against the walls of the confined space the two were progressively getting rougher until the door dinged and they had to show a modicum of restraint.

- “After you murtaziq.” Aria said, gesturing to the open door. “Thank you snowflake.” Emelie said with a smirk. She held the corners of her leather jacket, one in each hand as she walked strutting out of the elevator causing the jacket to rise above her hips. Aria bit her lip watching the woman not so subtly expose the waistband of her pants and the red thong cresting above before vanishing when she let her jacket fall back into place. Aria mumbled something under her breath taking a moment to compose herself before following after.

Those who recognized Aria moved aside allowing her and Emelie to navigate through the through of intoxicated patrons to a prime spot on the dance floor where the two began moving to the pulsating rhythm of the music. With an adhoc sync to each other’s personal network they could talk directly through their implants and hear each other over the dull roar of the club. “How have you been Em it has been a while since you last visited.” Aria began. Emelie turned to look straight into her eyes, dancing seductively. “Well enough.” She said, running her hands along her body starting at her shoulders, down over her generous chest to her hips. “You know how it goes, work keeps me busy.” Emelie responded. “Busy until you want free drinks.” Aria teased earning a chuckle from the other woman. “Free drinks and sex.” She corrected Aria, waving her finger at her and teasing her back.

- “Of course.” Aria spoke before letting the conversation drop, dancing with her sometimes fling. Songs came and went as the couple writhed and moved against each other. Perspiration beaded on their foreheads matting their hair to their skin as they lost themselves to the music. A slower song began to play and the two took a moment’s respite moving close. Emelie took advantage of the moment sliding behind Aria draping her arms around the woman holding her from behind kissing her neck. Aria broke the silence while Emelie nuzzled her neck. “Have you had any… problems lately?” she asked, carefully broaching the subject. Emelie blushed, but with the alcohol lowering her inhibitions she didn’t snap at the woman. “I… well…” she began before just nodding glumly.

“Wetting the bed mostly.” She admitted. Somehow it felt easier to talk to Aria than anyone else who’d brought up the subject with her… though it was mostly the alcohol mingled with the faint contact high from the smoked serum5. “I wet the bed a few times.” Aria admitted. Unlike Emelie however she didn’t seem to have a problem admitting it. Her voice was as confident as ever even discussing such an embarrassing topic. “Have you seen a doctor yet? PrivSec has advanced medical facilities no?” the wealthy club owner asked, swaying with Emelie to the slow song. “They made us… today I spoke with one.” She said, not going into detail of how awkward that meeting had went and what had bordered on assault when the doctor tried to offer her a protective pad. “And?” Aria asked authoritatively. “It was fine!” she insisted defensively. “… she tried to give me a pad but I don’t need it during the day!” she insisted.

- Aria rolled her eyes, she knew how prideful this one could be. “Oh, so you’re telling me when I strip you out of your leather pants that skimpy little thong of yours will be bone dry?” she asked, coyly slipping her hand behind her running her finger along the front of Emelie’s pants. “Of… course.” She lied… poorly. Emelie blushed even harder, lying about such a thing… she knew she had leaked a little earlier and even though it was wrong being scolded like that about something so childish. It seemed like the ultimate power exchange.

“It could be worse, the poor girls who work here… I don’t think any of them can hold it through an entire shift and I couldn’t have them constantly leaving the bar to run to the bathroom.” Aria said, glancing at a server when she walked past to hand a drink to a patron before scurrying off. Even in her drunken state Emelie could tell what was being implied. It made sense… what the doctor had said about the new Serum revision causing the effects. With all the second hand vapor in the club they would have massive exposure and now she was dancing in it! Aria could tell she was distracted; she turned around inside her arms and planted another kiss right on her lips. “Come on another song is starting.” She said as the slow song that had been playing melted away into another fast tempo track. She forced a smile and began to dance.

- The songs came one after another and the two lost themselves in the music and each other for nearly two hours; dancing until they were sore. With a server bringing them drinks the whole while the pair had grown quite drunk. Eventually they ended up walking back to Aria’s office barely able to keep their hands off each other stopping on more than one occasion to make out. During their trek back to Aria’s office Emelie had noticed not only did she feel wet but she was bursting to pee and even worse… lunch had caught up with her. She prayed it was just sweat, after all she was wearing tight leather pants but part of her wouldn’t be surprised if it wasn’t just sweat and arousal. She thought about excusing herself but when Aria turned around and Emelie could see the front of her black button down shirt hanging open… she let the door shut behind her and stepped forward forgetting about her need for the little girls room overcome with desire.

She nearly tripped over her own feet as she darted forward pressing Aria down against her desk. The kissing was hot, wet, rough. They barely separated long enough to come up for air! There were no words just passionate emotions fueled by an alcohol induced lack of restraint. The owner of this entire establishment was on her back on her desk. Emelie practically lay on top of her. She straddled her hips, one knee on the woman’s desk the other still standing on the floor. She groped Aria’s exposed chest squeezing, massaging and toying with the woman’s nipples. “gggnnnnn guhhh.” she moaned unintelligibly through Emelie’s lips. “Nnng I can’t wait… I can’t wait any longer.” Emelie said breathlessly as her hands scrambled down to the button on Aria’s pants. She got the button free but before she could yank them down the mischievous woman wrapped her legs around Emelie’s back and with a twist of her hips sent them both falling to the ground.

- Emelie landed flat on her back her desperation returned full force and she gasped in surprise as a noisy gush of urine hissed against her leather pants. “nnnnggg noooo” she groaned barely managing to stem the flow of pee. Aria on top straddling her hips with a smirk. The insides of her pants was slippery and hot, liquid slowly seeped out through the stitching but most of it was contained within her pants. Aria was quick having landed on top of her straddling her hips. Grabbing her wrists she help them above Emelie’s head pressing them into the ground leaning down to kiss her again.

Deep down that nagging voice in her head was screaming at her that she needed to pee but it was overwhelmed by the tides of desire as their lips met again and again. Emelie could feel Aria’s knee forced between her thighs. She groaned loudly her eyes rolling back for a moment as she bucked her hips greedily. “That’s right murtaziq.” she cooed leaning over to whisper into her ear, nibbling on the lobe. “I want you to cum in your little leather pants.” she continued, her breath hot and wear against Em’s ear. She moaned and trembled grinding her hips against Aria’s knee. “Ohhhggnnn y...yesss” she mumbled barely able to say simple words.

- With the final switch Aria had cemented herself on top this time and Emelie was only more than happy to reap the rewards. Fortunately the office was sound proofed so Emelie’s screams of pleasure weren’t heard outside. Her face was contorted with pleasure, her mouth forming a little o shape every time she moaned. It didn’t take long for her entire body to tremble and shake as an intense climax rippled through her body. Before her climax had even begun she had lost control of her bladder. The noisy splattering hiss of a powerful stream of urine hitting the leather gusset of her pants was nearly inaudible beneath the cries of pleasure.

Urine flooded her pants pooling around her ass inside the limited space of the tight leather pants before gushing out over the top of her waistband. Completely oblivious to what was happening Emelie was lost in blissful pleasure moaning and grunting as her stomach muscles convulsed. In a lull between the crescendos of her moans they both heard it. Neither woman registered what was actually happening at first. The woman was undoubtedly voiding her bowels straight into her pants. A warm mush noisily exploded into the seat of her pants, her poor thong buried in her own waste. She whimpered dimly aware of what was happening, a look of utter shock having replaced the rapturous expression she wore only moments before.

- Emelie’s mouth fell open, she twitched again and a wet burbly pfffbbbbrrllllt finished her evacuation. It was only then she realized the lake of pee she was laying in. Aria stumbled back pulling away from Emelie covering her mouth doing her best not to giggle at the predicament as gross as it was. “I… I...” Emelie stammered, her cheeks burning scarlet. She couldn’t bring herself to say it but it was plainly evident what had happened. The foul smell starting to surround her. All the words she had mocked Lynd or the girl from the morning came back to her. Emelie’s eyes watered with shame. The leather had little stretch to it and the soft mush had spread everywhere creating a faint bulge down each of her thighs. “Emelie Blackstar!” Aria scolded “You should have gone potty BEFORE we had sex.”

Aria scolded her playfully. Still drunk she pulled herself to her feet, leaning one hand against Aria’s desk for support. She flinched at Aria’s words. Playful as they may have they wounded her pride. She’d thought herself so much better than the others, so much stronger but here she was… her pants filled with her own shit. She gagged at the sensation gingerly prodding the seat of her pants feeling the squishy layer beneath the leather. “I… I should go...” she mumbled quietly as drips of pee fell from the back of her leather jacket where she had been laying in her own puddle.

- “Em… it’s okay.” Aria said, raising an eyebrow. “N..no it’s not!” she shouted, wiping her eyes. Aria sighed unzipping her pants and with a wriggle of her hips she lowered her slacks revealing a thick disposable diaper like the ones Em had seen advertisements for. Not only was she wearing a diaper but with her pants around her knees Emelie could see that it was drenched! It hung wetly between her legs, the plastic straining to stay strapped around her hips, the girlish designs smudged and faded.

“I told my staff I would wear them as an act of solidarity when I made them part of the female dress code.” she said. From the looks of it… she needed them too, beads of moisture had begun to accumulate on the leg guards threatening to leak if she wet the garment any further. “Just calm down… and we can get you cleaned up. It’s not the end of the world.” Aria said. Through her tears Emelie could see that despite her words even the seemingly unflappable Aria was blushing faintly, despite her even tone.

*029*2018-10-17 03:27

The two stood their in relative silence, their erotic encounter having taken an unexpected turn. Emelie sniffled, trying to at least stop the tears running down her cheeks as she stood there in her loaded pants. A fetid puddle of Emelie's own making separated the two women. Aria waited, keeping her own sodden undergarments exposed for a while before tugging her pants back up. "It's not the end of the world Em... it was just an accident." Aria comforted her, stepping through the puddle in the middle of her office to make her way to Emelie's side. Emelie glowered at her miserably, wiping her watery eyes. "Don't patronize me... I shit my pants." she lamented.

As if she was still in disbelief one hand gingerly probed her bulging rear. Her fingers were met with a squishy mass smushed across her backside. "I am not patronizing you!" Aria responded sharply, getting in her face. Aria, one of the few people who wouldn't put up with Emelie's attitude placed her hands on her hips. "I am attempting to comfort you because I can see how devastated you are!" she said. Emelie cringed, blushing furiously. She felt like a child being scolded by her mother... how could she not? "I could see it in your face when I showed you the incontinence garment I wore. You disapprove don't you?" Aria asked. Emelie stayed quiet looking down at her glistening leather pants. Aria sighed, that was a discussion for another time and not particularly productive at the moment. "Forget I said anything. Just take off your pants, I'll let you borrow some of my clothes. They'll be a little tight but I think you'll manage." Aria said graciously. -

Emelie swallowed hesitantly. This wasn't exactly how she had envisioned the night going. Her shoulders slumped and the leather clad woman let out a defeated sigh. "Fine..." she said. In a moment of vulnerability she leaned forward and wrapped her arms around Aria resting her head against her shoulder. "I... just don't know what to do..." she whispered. After a brief pause Aria answered. "The only thing you can do, persevere." she said, stroking her flowing raven locks. "Now then..." Aria cleared her throat, lightly patting the back of Emelie's pants.

"We need to get cleaned up. Trust me, you don't want a rash." Aria said, turning to humor in an attempt to deescalate the situation. "And if you laugh at me because I had diaper rash at age thirty I will shove you out of my office so fast your head will spin." Aria said, breaking their embrace. Her joke earned a faint smile from the forlorn woman. The door to the office clicked open and Aria's personal assistant entered. A shorter woman with messy bleached blonde bangs that fell into her eyes. She gave a respectful bow to each of them and carried with her a large leather satchel. Emelie pursed her lips, Aria seeing her like this was one thing but her assistant?

Aria was already removing her shoes, slipping them off one foot at a time before kicking off her pants. Standing there wearing only the dark button down shirt matched incongruously with the sopping wet diaper adorned with colorful designs she glanced back at Emelie. "Come on aleaziz, lay down for Senya." Aria said.Emelie's frown deepened. She had nothing against her assistant but she wasn't about to let her wipe her bottom! She shook her head earning an exasperated sigh from Aria. "Fine, just let her tend to me and then I will change you myself." Aria said as she lay on the couch.(edited)

- Emelie watched in surreal disbelief. Aria had her personal assistant changing her diapers? She wasn't exactly surprised but... it just seemed so... she couldn't even put her finger on it but she didn't like it. Aria enjoyed the finer trappings of life and tended to model her own after the ultralux that operated in another class of wealth altogether. Having come from little and now operating a successful string of clubs Aria epitomized what it was to make your own success in SANAM city... and apparently that meant having a personal assistant to change your diaper for you. Despite her displeasure she couldn't turn her eyes away from the spectacle.

Aria lay there like it was completely normal, likely surfing the net on her implants. Senya ripped open the tapes first and wordlessly tended to her duties. Emelie squirmed not daring to sit down in her disastrously messy state. Aria's assistant proved to be quite efficient, wiping down the woman's nether regions, removing the sodden garment and then placing a fresh diaper under her hips. Taping up the dry diaper with an audible crinkle. 

"Thank you, that will be all Senya." Aria said, dismissing her assistant. Her assistant hesitated for a moment glancing at Emelie as the source of the foul smell but quickly departed, leaving behind the leather satchel. Pulling her pants back up Emelie was acutely aware of the rustling sound coming from Aria's hips with every step. How had she not noticed it before. "You're... not going to make me wear one of those... things are you?" Emelie asked, still sporting a deep frown. Aria blinked looking confused for a moment. "Make you? No... I'm not going to make you do anything... even if you probably should. Is it really that bad? It is just a piece of equipment like any other." Aria said, rolling her eyes at Emelie's refusal to accept what was becoming a reality. "It is!" she protested. -

Aria held her hands up as she approached. "Come, take down your pants for me." she said. Never in ten thousand years had Emelie pictured this. She started with her hip holster, unclipping it slowly setting it on Aria's desk with a thud. Shutting her eyes trembling fingers fumbled with the button that cinched her leather pants around her waist. The button popped open but she held her pants in place. "Are... you sure?" she asked. Aria nodded "Yes, now hurry up before I change my mind." she said. Emelie winced and slowly peeled her pants down. She gagged at the smell of her own effluence, suddenly made much worse as she removed her tight fitting leathers. Emelie dared not look at the utter disaster she had made of her pants. "Alsama' min fawq. Ma hadhih alfawdaa."

Aria mumbled in her ancestral tongue. The autotranslated speech through her implant made Emelie blush. It was counter to how strong she viewed herself. how hard she had worked for everything but here, in this moment there was a part of Emelie that was glad to have Aria's tender touch to take care of her. Aria guided her out of her boots one foot at a time unphased by the smears of brown staining Em's pale skin and filling her pants. She could feel Aria's thumbs hook into the sides of her soiled thong and carefully slide it down her legs. One wipe at a time she could feel herself getting cleaner and cleaner. The cool refreshing sensation of each wipe brought her ever closer to a fragile sense of normalcy. -

Cleaning up was an arduous process but Aria made no protest and eventually the dirty deed was finished. "Here, panties. Lift your foot." Aria said. Emelie did as she was asked lifting one foot before the other feeling a snug pair of... wait... those weren't panties. "Aria! You said you wouldn't!" she exclaimed, looking down at the thinly padded pullup around her hips. "and I did not. This is not one of the thick garments I am wearing. I don't have any panties here and you're going to be wearing a skirt. Would you rather flash all of the city your womanhood?" she asked. Emelie grit her teeth and nodded. "Yes, I would." she said stubbornly. It was snug around her hips but not so tight that it constricted the blood flow to her thighs. Aria laughed "Don't be silly murtaziq." Aria teased, handing her a leather skirt. "This should match well enough." -

Emelie took the skirt with a grunt, inspecting her temporary "panties" the pastel pink and purple colors of the garment combined with the zebra print patter were more suitable for a child than a grown woman! Why couldn't they just be plain black! Even plain white would be preferable to these childish patterns. She worked the leather skirt up her legs until it was tightly around her hips; it only came down to her mid thigh.

"Thank you Aria... I... should be going." she said, shaking her head feeling responsible for ruining the night. "You don't have to..." Aria began. "I do... work." she said. It was the truth, she had to go home at some point and take Lynd off Joshua's hands but truthfully she would have taken any excuse to flee. She could hardly bear how awkward it was to stand in front of Aria after letting her wipe her ass! What was she thinking letting Aria do that... 

"I'm sorry... thank you for the night. It was... fun..." Emelie forced herself to say pulling the woman into another embrace resting her head against Aria's. "Of course. Take my car home, it's waiting out front for you and try to keep your head up. You're not alone. " the nightclub owner said comfortingly as they shared a brief kiss of goodbye. "and Em don't forget..." Aria said as her guest opened the door. Aria smiled and held her large handgun still strapped in it's holster. "Thanks..." she said, forcing a weak smile before fleeing. -

Everything after that was a blur. Emelie stopped by the bar for another drink... not one of her better ideas and downed it as quickly as it was served before leaving the club via the main entrance on the ground floor. Too bad she didn't have use of that company aircar anymore. True to her word Aria's car was out front an exotic looking machine with many more angles and slats. Emelie found it all a bit vulgar but it certainly looked fast.The rear door opened and she clumsily fell into the seat tossing her gun on the seat next to her shutting her eyes just ready for the night to be over.

The ride home was part drunken nap, part staring through the glass panorama at the neon colors of the city and part pessimistic introspective reflection; the normal drunken things one does.When she finally arrived at her apartment she was completely asleep snoring lightly, a trickle of drool running down her chin. Some twenty minutes later she awoke to find the car stopped, sitting outside her apartment complex. Emelie yawned and stretched her arms over her head before crawling out of the vehicle with her firearm inhand. She wasn't wasted but... she was decidedly still drunk. She had made it home and despite all she had drank hadn't pissed all over herself! After the day she'd had Emelie would take any toileting victory no matter how small.

- Emelie's apartment door opened automatically as she approached and groggily she stepped inside groaning when she was greeted not with the silence of an empty apartment but the noise of the tv going."Figured you'd be late, so I let us in." Joshua's voice rang out as she entered. "I knew I should have removed him from the lock." Emelie grumbled under her breath. "She kept complaining that everything in my apartment was too old or broken. I think she just got made because she couldn't slice any of it." Joshua said just loud enough for Lynd to hear.

The younger girl twitched in irritation. "Just because you have OBSOLETE hardware doesn't mean I couldn't have! It just means I didn't want to bother!" she retorted haughtily. He laughed and shook his head. "It's pretty fun to push her buttons though. kinda like you." he said. Joshua sat on her couch, feet propped up on the coffee table wearing what he usually wore a nice enough button down long sleeve shirt underneath a lightly armored vest. His duster and his hat lay across the recliner. Lynd sat at the table multiple holographic screens projected midair as she worked on some project. Even if she was sober Emelie wouldn't have wanted to try to understand what she was programming.

- She swayed on her feet reaching out to support herself on the kitchen counter that overlooked the livingroom. "You uh... look like you had some fun tonight." he said with a coy grin. She laughed sardonically. "Yeah... fun." she said. It had been fun... at least up until her little pants incident. He raised his eyebrow picking himself up off the couch. "Well... she's your responsibility now." he said hesitantly as he grabbed his long coat and his hat. "If she tries anything I'll shoot her." she said, setting her gun down noisily just for emphasis. Joshua looked nonplussed at the statement. "I'd prefer you not." he said, watching her having second thoughts about leaving.

She stepped forward stumbling, losing her balance. Fortunately Joshua was there to catch her lest she faceplant onto her livingroom floor. He could smell the alcohol on her breath laced with the faint smell of urine. "Careful..." he said shaking his head. She looked up at his coyly, pressed up against his chest she craned her lips up and began kissing his neck. One hand worked it's way to the front of his pants feeling for his manhood underneath.

"C'mon let's fuck." she said drunkenly. Any redblooded man would be hard pressed to say no to that offer but close friends as they were... "Em... you're drunk." he said, struggling to stay compose as she fondled him through his pants feeling him get hard. "So? It’s not like we’ve never been drunk before" she said with a snort. "I want you, to fuck me so hard I forget about what happened forget about all this shit." she mumbled somewhat incoherently. From the corner of the room Lynd pretended to be nonchallant but she was watching wide eyed. "If something happened we can talk but... I'm not going to take advantage of you like this." he said, grabbing her by the shoulders.

*033*2018-10-21 02:32

Clearly he wasn’t going for her drunken advance. She stared up into his hazel eyes longingly. “Fiiiine I just…. urk…” she said, her stomach twitching as she suddenly looked ill. She held her stomach with one hand a pained expression overcoming her. “I just…” she began again only to feel the acidic bile rise in her throat. ‘’Fuck, Em how much did you have to drink?” he said shaking his head as she puked on the floor of her apartment. Ever the gentleman he swallowed his disgust as flecks of vomit spattered his shoes and held her hair up while she emptied the contents of her stomach.

“Uuuuuhg I….” she wretched again, spilling more liquid from her stomach. Emelie dry heaved once more thankful that the worst seemed to be over. From the other side of the room she could hear Lynd giggle. “It’s not funny!” she barked. “I’m going to… to go shower.” She said, feeling substantially better after puking. “Right… I’ll clean this up…” Joshua remarked unenthusiastically. “and if you need anything, I’ll be on the couch.” He called out as she made her way to her bedroom. What a way to end the night… Wiping the spittle and vomit from the corner of her mouth she groaned. Throwing up had given her a clearer head and she realized what an ass she had made of herself. Wisps of steam filled the bathroom from the shower as she undressed. Emelie tossed her clothes pullup and all into a messy pile in the corner of the bathroom before stepping under the steaming water. -

After the night she had the hot water felt divine. It washed away everything, made her feel like herself. She felt like she could just stand underneath the water for hours. By the time she emerged from the bathroom in a cloud of steam she had sobered up a great deal. Emelie rubbed her eyes, exhaustion setting in. She’d been in the shower for an hour maybe more! Trudging back to her bedroom she was ready to collapse in bed and pass out but when she got there… how could she have forgotten! Her sheets were still in the wash from the previous night’s bedwetting.

Emelie groaned loudly again and stomped over to her dresser. Dressing herself in a pair of boyshorts and a loose-fitting shirt that exposed one shoulder she yanked out a spare sheet. Before departing she also snatched a pillow off her bed then marched back out into the livingroom. Mercifully Joshua had cleaned up the puddle of puke. He’d moved back to the couch, feet up on the coffee table hat over his face and his long coat used as a makeshift blanket; he didn’t stir. Lynd had migrated to the couch, sitting on her knees while she watched something on the tv. It sounded like one of the political pundits having a discussion with her guest about corporate overreach. Emelie was too tired to care. -

Wordlessly she walked in front of Lynd and flopped down onto the couch resting against Joshua snuggling under the sheet. He barely stirred, lifting his hat just enough to see what was going on was the extent of his movement. Emelie fell asleep almost instantly. The apartment grew dim, lights turning off slowly as her implants automatically regulated certain functions of the domicile. Morning brought a rather comedic scene. Joshua hadn’t moved from his spot still snoring lightly under his hat. Sometime during the night however Emelie had tossed the sheet to the floor and taken Joshua’s coat for her own. Lynd had ended up falling asleep against Emelie and tugging the jacket over herself for warmth not that it was particularly cold inside the apartment.

Worse yet, between the two women the couch was soaked! With all the alcohol Em had consumed the previous night and her three day streak of wet sheets she should have expected to wake up in a tepid puddle. When her alarm went off, triggering a gradual increase in luminosity of her ocular implants she stirred. Her head ached, and everything felt wet and clammy. Joshua snored on one side of her and Lynd lay on the other having snuggled closer to the imposing woman during the night. Still half asleep she grimaced reaching underneath the jacket with her hand to confirm her suspicions… wet again. Emelie exhaled heavily, irritated by the inconvenience and shame of her night time accident. Joshua’s voice perked up, he too still sounded very much asleep. -

“Why’re you up so early…” he asked, barely able to stifle a yawn. “Because we can’t all just sleep in till noon” she retorted. “Well, that’s why you make the big bucks.” He joked. Emelie could hear him suddenly sniffing the air. “Why does it smell like piss… and did you take my jacket?” he wondered aloud. There was a hard whump as Emelie punched him in the arm. He hissed in pain. “You know how strong you are right?” Joshua griped. The raven haired operative just grit her teeth and pulled the jacket from Lynd’s clutches handing it back to its rightful owner. It was undeniable, underneath her and the younger woman were two large damp splotches on the couch. Her boyshorts clung wetly to her skin. He’d finally moved the hat off his face and seeing Emelie with a piss puddle under her was the last thing he expected. “Did… you?” he began, seemingly at a loss.

“Not… another… word…” she said dangerously. Joshua wisely suppressed his laughter and held his hands up. “I’m going to shower… again” she said bitterly through gritted teeth. “Get her up and ready to shower when I’m done.” She told Joshua as she pulled herself up from the couch. Amazingly the younger woman still hadn’t woken up only murmuring quietly when Emelie pulled herself up from the couch. “Sure.” He said, helpfully. Wiping the sleep from her eyes as she trudged back to her bathroom she began to go through her messages from the team. It seemed the twins came through. As she peeled off her nightclothes she messaged them all about a debriefing first thing. Likely none of them were awake yet except for perhaps Fi but if she was she didn’t respond. Slowly bits and pieces of the night came back to her. It was all a bit fuzzy but she could remember most of what had happened unfortunately.

- As she showered she continued reviewing messages from her team that she hadn’t bothered checking last night. After her quick shower she was feeling refreshed and somewhat awake though her head still hurt. She gathered the pile of clothes from the corner where she’d left them the prior night. Fishing the disposable undergarment out of the leather skirt to dispose of her eyes widened when she felt how heavy it was. Emelie remembered what had happened now… she’d been so drunk in Aria’s car and having to pee she deliberately went. In her inebriated state it seemed to make sense out of spite. Deliberately wetting herself like that… her lip quivered into a sneer. With her dirty clothes disposed of in the hamper she retrieved one of her suits. A jet black selection would suffice today. Staring into her underwear drawer she was hesitant.

Everything had seemed to fall apart so quickly; she felt like she was starting to lose her nerve. Emelie swallowed nervously as she made her selection, tugging the silken panty up her toned legs. Taking a deep breath she clenched her fist resolving to put yesterday’s mishaps behind her. Once again the picture of cold corporate security she rejoined the others in the livingroom. Joshua was drinking coffee the apartment had automatically prepared once Emelie had awoken. “Here, might help.” he said pushing a cup towards her. She grunted a thanks taking the hot caffeine infused liquid. Lynd’s voice sheepishly came to Emelie’s ears. “Sorry about your couch...” she muttered. “I uh… should have gone to the bathroom before I went to sleep.” she continued her apology. Emelie turned to look at her with a hint of confusion.

- It struck her that Lynd wasn’t aware that she’d pissed herself in her sleep as well… a small mercy. Joshua hadn’t ratted her out either. She mouthed a ‘thank you’ towards the man whom just nodded subtly at her. The shorter woman looked like she was bracing for another tongue lashing like Emelie had given her when she’d had an accident in her skirt yesterday. The raven haired woman however couldn’t bring herself to scold Lynd… that would be far too hypocritical of her. “Accidents… happen.” she forced herself to say. “Just shower, down the hall to the right.” Emelie told her, pointing towards her bathroom; she nodded, scurrying off. With Lynd showering Emelie took a seat and let out a heavy sigh. “This sucks...” she griped. Joshua looked on sympathetically. “Yeah… I don’t really know what to say.” he said with a frown.

“I know… uhg I’m starving.” she continued to complain before pulling herself back up rummaging through her fridge for some leftover take out to sate her hunger. “I’m constantly hungry and… well yeah… pissing the bed now… so that’s great.” she said between mouthfuls of two day old noodles. “Could be worse...” Joshua said with a shrug. It was a very uncomfortable conversation between the two. “You’d think with all the big brains someone would have come up with a cure… or at least tell everyone why this is happening for sure! Even the stupid doctor wasn’t sure.” Emelie said. The conversation continued for some time in that vein. Joshua didn’t have much to offer in the way of advice but he was listening and that was all Em really wanted. -

Lynd emerged, a towel wrapped around her slender body. “Do you have any clothes? Or at least… bottoms? Mine are kind of soaked with pee.” she said, blushing furiously. “Uhhh, that will fit you? Maybe, let me check.” She tossed the empty container into the trash and went back to her room beckoning Lynd to join her. “Hmm.” Emelie rifled through her clothes for something that would fit the shorter less muscular woman. She snapped her fingers and pulled out Aria’s leather skirt. While it was a little small for her, it would fit Lynd much better. “here.” she said tossing it to the girl. “Painties are in that drawer.” she pointed out. Lynd caught the skirt before pulling open the drawer and picking out a simple cotton pair giggling at some of the more risque options.

“I don’t think I can picture you wearing this.” Lynd teased dangling a skimpy gstring from one finger. To her Emelie was just a fearsome corporate agent. Emelie blushed faintly and hurled a pillow off her bed nailing her in the face. “Gah! Oof.” Lynd exclaimed, stumbling back. It may have just been a pillow but Emelie’s enhanced strength was nothing to scoff at. What more… the towel that had been wrapped around her body slid free and when she regained her balance she realized she was standing stark naked in front of Emelie. “Oops~” she said with a flirty tone. Beads of water still glistened on her body, Emelie couldn’t help but stare for a moment. The shorter woman had a chest that rivaled her own c cups. A pleasantly large handful each with small pink nipples. Between her legs was shaved smooth but almost more noticeable was the large intricate tattoo that covered most of her side and stomach. Exposed circuitry and machinery that almost looked too real. -

“Nice tattoo...” Emelie forced herself to turn away after a few seconds of staring and walk towards the door. The young woman was unmistakably very attractive. The pink highlights on the tips of her hair, her lithe body. A little shiver of lust tickled Emelie’s womanhood. “I’m assuming your top is still fine to wear.” she said standing in the doorway with her back to Lynd. “Yup.” she responded with another flirtatious giggle. Though Emelie had tried to play it cool Lynd had certainly seen her oogling her for those few seconds.

“Good, we’re leaving as soon as you’re ready.” Emelie said. “Sure, can we get food? I’m sooo hungry!” she pestered. “I’ll think about it.” Emelie responded, straightening her suit. Once Lynd was all dressed they were ready Emelie told Joshua that he would be driving, since her car had been shot up afterall. He just took it in stride as he did most things and shrugged. “Fine...” he lowered his voice and smirked at Emelie. “But don’t piss in it.” he teased. Wham! She punched the same arm she’d punched earlier and glared at him. He winced and rubbed what would surely be a bruise. “I deserved that… come on ladies. Next stop PrivSec.” he said leading them out of Emelie’s apartment. -

The two women followed him out Lynd yawning loudly. “It’s so early… the sun isn’t even up yet! Who gets up this early?” she griped. “Yeah… I have a strict no waking up before noon policy.” Joshua chuckled, earning a similar giggle from Lynd. “Some of us actually like to get our work done… legitimate work.” she said, giving Lynd a stern look. “So… what is it exactly I’m going to be doing there?” she asked, since she’d been more or less been conscripted since it seemed favorable to a prison term. “You’ll be tested. PrivSec is always looking for talented slicers. If you pass you might be offered a position.” Emelie explained. She went into further detail as the trio made their way to Joshua’s car.

“Shotgun!” Lynd cried out as they approached the garish red sports coupe. “No.” Emelie said sharply and pointed to the backseat. “No fun...” Lynd countered as she climbed over seat and into the back. Emelie just laughed and shook her head. Compared to her car Joshua’s car was much less refined. Obviously the two had much different priorities when it came to transportation. The car started with a deafening bark that echoed through the car park setting off more than one alarm. “I forgot how unpleasantly loud this monstrosity was.” Emelie said with a condescending tone. “Oh you love it and you know it.” Joshua teased playfully. “No… I really don’t. It’s noisy, rough unpleasant.” she criticized. “Well I’m sorry it’s not up to your standards princess but here.” he said, flipping a toggle switch on the dash. The raucous burble of the exhausted quieted to a dull roar. “better?” he asked. “Much...” -

They pulled out of the parking structure and back into the early morning traffic. Emelie watched the city pass by as Joshua drove, clenching the arm rest on more than one occasion as she was pushed back into her seat by the sheer acceleration. She would never tell him but she did enjoy on occasion… sometimes… rarely… the sheer sensation of speed. Lynd cleared her throat and spoke up. “Um… could we make a stop. I want to get some protection. After the past few days I don’t really want to chance it.” she said. Emelie cringed at the words. It was probably a good idea… for her too even but she still had her reservations. She wasn’t ready yet but… and what would PrivSec say about a diapered applicant? Would they even care…

*038*2018-10-24 06:50

Heh, perhaps Inconnue perhaps. Also, since I stole my friends Hulu I have been watching Brooklyn 99 and yes, she is very Rosa. Mmm love Rosa. Thank you all for the positive reactions o.o

*040*2018-10-27 05:24

"Rosa Rosa Roooosaaaaa"

Emelie drummed her fingers against the arm rest. “You’re a grown woman Lynd.” She reprimanded her. The slender female sunk into the back seat, folding her arms across her chest. The pink hue on her cheeks matched the dyed tips of her hair. Joshua turned giving Emelie a sidelong look. “That’s very mature of you Lynd.” He said undermining Em’s cross remarks. Her fist tightened once again and she considered punching him but decided against it. “Fine, we’ll stop but no dawdling. I don’t like getting to the office late.” Emelie said. “Em… late for you is only five minutes early.” Joshua teased with a good natured chuckle.

“I’m going to hit you again.” She threatened. Lynd simply giggled at the two friends bickering and went back to playing on the net through her implants. After a few minutes Joshua pulled into a parking lot. A wide array of cars in various states of disarray filled the lot. “Alright ladies, have fun shopping.” He said with a yawn, already reclining his seat back. Emelie rolled her eyes giving him a nonplussed look before stepping out of the car. Lynd clamored out of the car after the taller more authoritarian woman before setting off towards the drug store. Emelie kept pace, not letting her out of her site lest this be some sort of ruse to escape. -

Large neon words were scrawled on the wall of the shop. ’New incontinence wear in stock now!’ Pictures of various garments including the one Emelie had worn the previous night were plastered around the wording. “I don’t know how you’re okay with this” Emelie said, reluctantly making conversation as the doors wooshed open in front of them. “Well… I mean… I don’t really have a choice…” Lynd said sounding embarrassed. “Of course you have a choice!” Emelie countered, letting Lynd take the lead through the dingy store. It wasn’t hard to find what they needed and it seemed they were the only ones getting ‘supplies’.

Two other women perhaps with the idea of getting incontinence wear for themselves without a crowd around to see were also in the same aisle. Emelie’s heels clicked against the hard flooring. “You could train yourself, be more diligent. Relying on… diapers is only going to make the problem worse.” Emelie continued. One of the women overheard and shuffled off holding a large package in her hands blushing furiously. 

“I’m just being… oh what’s that word… um… pragmatic!” Lynd said as she stopped in front of a section with packages of pullon style garments. A red blush tinged Emelie’s cheeks as she spotted the same pair Aria had given her to wear after her little accident. “and you wore one. Probably wearing one right now.” Lynd said fearlessly as she stood on her tiptoes looking through the various brands and styles. The younger woman’s words turned her blood to ice. The faint blush intensified, burning brightly on her cheeks. “That’s right, I saw the soaked one in your bathroom last night.” She said nonchalantly.

- Emelie fumed, getting called out by this twerp was not how she pictured starting her morning. She lowered her voice “I’ll have you know I am -not- wearing a diaper right now.” She hissed defensively. “and that was just a fluke… I was -wasted- and a friend insisted I wear that.” Emelie continued, vaguely. “Hold this for a second.” Lynd said handing her a package of garments, ignoring her protests. Emelie scowled, holding the package for her as she continued to search. Lynd was just pushing her buttons, she needed to take a moment and calm down. Taking a deep breath she shut her eyes, it wasn’t worth arguing about.

For whatever reason, Lynd didn’t seem as intimidated by her as she had yesterday. “Mommy look, that woman needs diapers like you!” a young boy’s voice exclaimed. He couldn’t have been older than five, tugging on his young mother’s pants pointing to Emelie. Em balked, her jaw hanging open staring at the package in hand. It certainly looked bad. “Quiet!” the mother scolded her son before mouthing a hasty ‘Sorry’ towards Emelie. “Nope… I can’t do this” Emelie said, thrusting the package of garments back on the shelf. At least they had only been a pullup style garment and nothing like that almost comically large Huggies Colossus the mother was holding. “Meet me outside, you have five minutes.” Emelie said before departing the aisle utterly mortified by the child’s lack of tact.

- She fumed, storming out of the store. Standing outside the large sliding door she waited cursing and grumbling under her breath. Lynd on the other hand blinked a few times in surprise as Emelie turned on her heel and stomped away. She was surprised the testy woman didn’t start hurling packages of diapers off the shelf. Emelie fumed, waiting outside for Lynd. Emelie was accustomed to being respected, feared not being embarrassed like that. She groaned rubbing the bridge of her nose in irritation realizing she had just left her asset alone and she was still very much a flight risk. “Fuck…” she darted back into the store moving quickly past the mother who was ushering her young son out with her. Back in the aisle they had been Lynd was nowhere to be seen.

Em’s heart sunk, she resisted the instinctive urge to draw her sidearm from underneath her jacket; having enough tact to know it wouldn’t be beneficial to run around the small drug store waving her piece around. Had she really just been so stupid to let Lynd walk because of her pride? Emelie scolded herself internally as she combed through the store checking aisle by aisle. This wasn’t looking good. “Where is she where is she…” she muttered quietly before reaching the last row. Her vision changed, looking for bodyheat she glanced around the shop examining the dizzying array of blues and orange shades when a door opened nearby. Her vision flipped back to normal as she saw the smaller frame of the younger woman emerge. Lynd adjusted her skirt carrying the opened package under one arm.

- Walking straight towards Lynd Emelie breathed a sigh of relief. “Come on, let’s get going.” She told her. “Okay okay, sheesh. I just needed a minute to put one on!” she exclaimed. With her enhanced hearing Emelie could hear the quiet rustle of the pullup beneath Lynd’s skirt. “Um… you can have these back.” The blond said, pulling out a wadded-up ball of cloth. Em awkwardly took the balled-up panties from her… at least she hadn’t wet this pair. With their business at the store concluded the pair made their way back to the car, a snoozing Joshua still in the driver’s seat. “Alright, let’s go.” She said as they both climbed back in.

“Yes Ma’am.” Joshua said sharply, putting his seat back up. He yawned again rubbing the sleep from his eyes before taking them back out into the morning sprawl. Lynd sat sheepishly in the backseat, the package she had acquired sitting next to her. Emelie kept stealing glances in the rearview mirror at the package. It was obviously marketed towards mature young women like her and Lynd. Words like active, comfortable and discrete adorned the package but the design seemed anything but mature. Joshua’s voice snapped Emelie out of her distraction. 

“You look tense… you alright?” he asked. She shook her head. “No… not really.” She admitted with a frown, drumming her fingers along the door sill. “But I’ll be alright.” She continued. “Oh… hold that thought.” Joshua said, suddenly downshifting. The car lurched forward pinning her back in her seat. Lynd let out a surprised yelp from the rear and Emelie clenched the armrest with white knuckles. “Sorry, didn’t want to miss that light.” Joshua chuckled as the exhaust popped and crackled as unburnt fuel ignited in the exhaust sending little fireballs out the exhaust as they decelerated.

- The unamused look Emelie gave him only made him chuckle more. “It’s just a lot to deal with. I feel like I’ve said this thirty times in the past few days but it feels like the whole city’s gone mad.” She said shaking her head. “and it seems like I’m the only one who notices or cares. I mean… diapers Joshua… and not just diapers but it looks like they just took a child’s diaper and enlarged it!” she said with a scathing tone. He sighed “I know… it’s weird but if that’s your hangup I mean I’m sure there’s something manufactured that doesn’t have all the pictures but I know that’s beside the point.”

He said in agreement. “and it’s not like I can’t feel when I need to go… I just need to be more… diligent.” She said, pronouncing her resolve. “Yeah, we’ll start with making little Emelie a potty chart.” He teased earning him another hard punch in the arm. “Joshua I swear to god.” Emelie hissed. He groaned in pain “Yeah… I deserved that.” He admitted. Lynd piped up from the back “Well… I know it sounds silly but I’ve uh… been doing it. Tracking my progress since I started having trouble. There’s definitely been a downward trend…” Lynd said matter of factly. Emelie pursed her lips in though. “I guess it’s not a terrible idea but… a potty chart, I’m twenty-nine I’m not calling it a ‘potty chart’… even if that’s what it is.” She said earning a laugh from the car.

- The three conversed idly as they continued on their way to the PrivSec building. Talking about the problems they were facing, what the doctor had told Emelie yesterday about what was potentially causing the incontinence epidemic and more. When they arrived just like the previous day Emelie was pressing her thighs together; fortunately the urge wasn’t quite as strong. The two women departed waving as Joshua left them. Lynd looked straight up craning her head back. “Wooooow, it’s bigger than I thought. Ya’know I tried to slice in one time and uh… it didn’t go well.” She said with a laugh. “Learned my lesson on that one.” Lynd joked. Emelie smirked at her.

“Well, now you have a chance to join us… if you’re up to it.” The raven haired woman challenged her. Lynd nodded, her eyes changing color, glowing brilliantly. “Now come on, I’ll check you into recruitment and then you’ll be on your own. We’re early despite your little detour. Make sure you stay close. You do not want to get tagged as an intruder here…” She said leading her into the building. Lynd gulped nervously and walked closely, clutching her satchel under her arm where she’d stowed a few changes of padded underwear just in case.

Back in the labyrinthine halls of the PrivSec building Emelie lead her captive recruit towards recruitment. Each step was getting more difficult though. She could feel the contents of her bladder sloshing around. “Picked this one up off a CBA. Pretty good slicer.” She told the recruitment officer, the two of them sitting across from a stern-faced woman. Lynd stayed quiet, watching the two exchange words. “Fill out these forms and I’ll have her tested.” She said, seemingly disinterested with the prospect.

- Emelie nodded at her grabbing a pen from the woman’s desk leafing through the papers signing where applicable. “Your in her custody now. Behave or I’ll kick your ass. I’ll pick you up later” Emelie said with a threatening stare. Lynd held her hands up and shrunk into her chair nodding. “Very well, thank you Ms. Blackstar as soon as this young woman reviews the paperwork we’ll get started.” The professional woman stated. As soon as she was dismissed Emelie darted from the room taking a moment to pinch her thighs together gritting her teeth. This wouldn’t be a repeat of day’s prior! How odd… the map of the recruitment floor had the bathrooms highlighted? They hadn’t ever been highlighted before… Either way she was grateful and made her way to the nearest one. She moaned with relief sitting on the toilet, pants around her ankles.

The sensation of emptying her bladder was fantastic, almost pleasurable. Sitting on the toilet as her stream of urine splashed in the water below she checked her mail through her implant. Personnel reports, quarterly figures, department statics… nothing particularly of note until! Two messages caught her eye. Her yearly implant allowance was due. Once a year a field agent had the option of receiving a new implant from the catalog. “Hmmmm.” She mused aloud, so many choices. She’d have to really look over what she wanted. She was rather picky with her implants, preferring not to have anything that would alter her body to much like some of her team. The second piece of mail to catch her eye was like Hagar had promised. Marked as important she opened it. Her eye twitched with irritation at the header inside the message body. “Female incontinence mitigation” she read aloud.

- ‘As a progressive company we at PrivSec strive to accommodate and accept all our employees. We do not wish to discriminate towards any particular subset of group. This being said we are a professional organization and our agents represent our brand. Due to the sudden onset of incontinence in 99.7% of female employees we are adding a temporary measure into the female dress code. For the specifics you may refer to your employee handbooks. Absorbent incontinence wear is now mandatory for female operatives in the field and on company property. Garments have been vetted based on absorption, discreteness, mobility.

The level of protection has been assigned based on your preliminary checkups performed as of yesterday. Reevaluation of continence levels will be available and encouraged. Incontinence wear will be provided free of charge to our female employees and can be retrieved from requisitions. Thanks to a partnership with Kimberly Clark, Proctor & Gamble and Poise we will have the most advanced garments on the market! We apologize for any inconveniences this might cause and want to thank each and every one of our dedicated employees for their service. Together we will move through this epidemic and come out stronger for it. Our medical staff is working tirelessly along with PharmaTek in an effort to understand the nature of the epidemic. We value the health of all our employees and when an update does arise you will be the first to know. Thank you, HR’

- She couldn’t believe what she had just read… she had to read it again. Her mouth hung open as she sat on the toilet. No matter how they tried to dress it up with innocuous language… it was diapers, fucking diapers! Emelie shrieked in irritation and slammed her fist against the wall angrily. The tile buckled and cracked under her strength leaving a fist sized indentation. There was more… an attachment labeled continence_eval E. Blackstar was included. Opening it her heart sank even lower. It was the doctor’s notes from yesterday and the review was less than glowing. It didn’t make any sense though… the woman had told her what an exemplary job she’d done… better than most of the women but when she looked at her grade… a D?

“A D!?” she shouted angrily, standing up off the toilet pants and panties still around her ankles. The competitive side of her was more incensed that the rational hatred of everything she had just read. “Required equipment… Huggies Colossus?” she said. Her jaw fell open. That was the massive package she’d seen the women in the store purchasing. No... this had to be a mistake. She was seething with anger. There was no way she was going to wear one of those monstrosities… a pad maybe but one of those bulky garments? Perusing the notes as she yanked up her pants she narrowed her eyes. That little wretch of a doctor changed her notes, made Emelie seem worse than she was… she must not have appreciated getting roughed up by Emelie at the end of her exam. “Fucking shit fuck!” she hissed angrily mulling over her options, running a hand through her lengthy onyx locks.

*042*2018-11-04 03:28

After a brief delay.

And yes, you are are very much correct. She's not the only one!

Emelie grit her teeth shaking out her hand; it felt a little tender from where she’d smashed the wall. There was no way she would ever stoop to that level dress code or not! She washed her hands scowling at the mirror. Someone was going to get an earful for this. The door to the private bathroom slammed behind her as she finished her business. A deep breath helped center her. She adjusted her suit and shut her eyes for a moment. Visiting the doctor right now wasn’t a good idea maybe it wasn’t a good idea period. There was still time to figure this out.

They hadn’t said it wasn’t effective immediately. Maybe she could talk to Hagar about it, he’d generally taken her side and went to bat for her in the past how would she bring it up… True they were professionals but even the thought made her blush asking him to vouch for her ability not to wet her pants to keep her out of diapers… She shook her head and began her march towards the tech labs. A nervous flitter flickered in her stomach. It was one of her closest guarded secrets something she’d shared with no one save for the hiring agents who had vetted her before joining PrivSec. The root of her aversion towards implant and augment technology. Emelie chewed on her bottom lip as she walked thinking about the past with a heavy sigh.

- Though time had dulled the memory thinking about the events that had occurred still opened old wounds. It was what drove her to pursue her line of work. First with the city police force then moving up to corporate security. She never wanted to feel as helpless as she had on that day and now some stupid epidemic made her feel like everything was spiraling out of her control! She ruminated on the attack, how she’d lost her parents to a teched out monster. The man had so many implants and hacked together pieces of tech she wouldn’t even have called him human anymore. Emelie never wanted to look like that, be that… The thought made her shudder provoking a slightly existential musing on the ship of theseus. That man, with those industrial augments protruding from his body and a face that looked more machine than man. How could someone like that have the gall to even call themselves human?

Emelie gave another shudder at the thought, clenching her fist tightly as she walked. The “people” who ended up that augged out, addicted to tech; she’d encountered a few and every one had been less than sane. She’d enjoyed terminating them with extreme prejudice. Fortunately few people went that far. While some level of cybernetic augmentation was basically ubiquitous that level was still seen as a level of social deviancy. Emelie preoccupied her thoughts on her walk to the tech lab with her memories. A bit of a commotion roused her from her near meditative state. “Get out! Get out of my lab!” the voice shouted. “it’s company po...” he said before a female voice cut him off. “I don’t give a fuck what it is. It wasn’t my fault! If you had gone faster like I asked!” she spat angrily. There was a metallic crash… it sounded like something had been thrown. “Get out before I call security!” the voice Emelie recognized as the doctor whom had done her implants previously.

- Curious as to what was going on she poked her head around the corner into the lab and saw the doctor standing behind his desk. He half looked like he was taking cover there... A foul smell made her wrinkle her nose and the source of the noise… and of the smell was evident. A pale skinned woman stood across from his desk holding what looked like another surgical tool. She was poised to throw it before Emelie hurried in putting herself between the two. “Hold on hold on.” she said, looking between the two holding her hands out. The woman scoffed blowing her silvery hair out of her face.

Emelie paled slightly, recognizing the woman with the asymetrical haircut. Her neatly trimmed silver hair fell back into her face covering one of her eyes making her look more dangerous than her sodden trousers would indicate. That tight fitting grey uniform… soiled and wet as it was was still the uniform of a Wraith. She wasn’t just a normal operative or even a fire team leader like Emelie. Emelie’s eyes drifted down towards the woman’s groin where a large wet splotch discolored her thighs. Judging from the pervasive smell of filth in the room well… Emelie didn’t want to think of it. “Agent, eyes up here!” she snapped, her voice seething with irritation having caught Emelie staring at her skintight pants. Emelie sheepishly blushed and cleared her throat. “Just break it up, both of you.” she said.

- The Wraith laughed a derisive contemptuous laugh. “Since when do you have the rank to tell a Wraith what to do?” she spat. “This pig...” she sneered. “He kept me under for far longer than I told him to!” she glared. He held his hands up and spoke defensively. “I had to! It was an extremely delicate install. These things take time! I’m not a miracle worker!” the doctor exclaimed. “It’s not my fault that you couldn’t hold it and you weren’t wearing your diapers!” he said rather insensitively. Emelie cringed at the D word he just so casually used. The silver haired woman screeched with rage jabbing her finger towards him.

“You’re part of the problem!” she raged. Finally! Someone with a lick of sense who seemed incensed by this whole ordeal. It seemed this woman wasn’t going to take this change lying down. Emelie opened her mouth to speak, to agree with her, to voice her support but the irritated woman seemed to be on a war path. “Anyone would have lost control if they’d been kept under for that many hours!” she said angrily. The doctor just shook his head. “You’re just jealous! That I’M a Wraith. That I command respect and I get to make a difference. It makes you feel emasculated and THIS is the only way you can get your childish little revenge!” she said with a snarl. “That’s not true at all!” he protested.

- “and YOU… you’re the worst of all! Another woman who just goes along with it!” she accused Emelie. Of all the things… she was accusing Emelie of just… going along with it? “Wait… no that’s not true!” Emelie protested but the woman with her short silvery hair had already turned. “Better hope I don’t run into you again Blackstar.” she said, already leaving. What had just happened? Emelie of all people had been accused of just going along with it? She stared at the lithe woman as she walked away. The seat of her uniform was dripping wet and worse… the flattened discolored bulge.

It looked like she’d been sitting in it… from what she’d said she must have lost control and filled her suit sometime during the surgery and ended up sitting in it until she had awoke. The stain had already seemed through the lighter grey color making her accident painfully obvious. “Ms. Blackstar I’m uh… sorry you had to see that.” he said, coming out from behind his desk. “Faeryth was a bit… distressed about her loss of control.” he said. Emelie was still somewhat flummoxed by the Wraith’s accusations. “Oh… well… I mean can you blame her? It’s humiliating...” she said with a frown. “and you could stand to be a little more delicate about the whole matter...” she said with her hands on her hips. “I suppose...” he said with a shrug walking towards the surgical bed with a rag.

- “You skipped your last appointment. I know the yearly upgrade offer is voluntary but you’re still short of some of the recommended implants for a field operative.” he said as he began soaking up the puddle. “I know I know… I don’t need a lecture Doctor. I was busy.” she said dismissively. “It’s just my job to look advise you agents, always thinking you’re invincible.” he said with a sigh. “Have a seat on the other bed… this one needs to be sterilized.” he said, shaking his head. “So, any thoughts on what you want this time?” he said idly as he began getting things ready.

“Filters? Subdermal armoring? Or the big step and get a powersleeve for some of those high power items or maybe a just a battery adapter?” he asked. Emelie chuckled and rolled her eyes. “Don’t get ahead of yourself Doctor Halford. Let me take a look at the catalog first and then we’ll talk.” she said as she lowered herself into the surprisingly comfortable chair. The whole seat reclined silently bringing her to a more relaxed position popping up a menu in front of her with various choices. She flicked her hand scrolling through the menus making a few faces of disgust at some of the more involved and garish looking implants. So far she’d gotten by just fine with what she had but there were a few tempting choices.

*047*2018-11-08 02:03

Thanks guys, glad to hear you like it poowrite.

Well Inconnue, their budget is quite large. However due to the reasons stated Emelie is unlikely to go too far with her own augmentation because she shies away from such things. PrivSec is a very powerful corporate entity and they don't skimp on the implants they offer to their agents. She may not be a Wraith but even their basic grunts get the good stuff. It's funny you mention filtration because that is on the list of recommended implants she is missing and one of the choices in the current vote. People are leaning towards another option though.

If you'd like to join the disco channel and contribute to the voting shoot me a pm @inconnue

@Poowrite

*048*2018-11-16 22:03

After a brief vacation and hanging out with Livinginfinite I have returned with the latest segment.

Emelie read through the list again perusing some of the more garish options. “Taser hands?” she said with a chuckle, envisioning something much more outrageous than what it actually was. Voltage was stored in carbon nanotube super capacitors and delivered through two small metal pins implanted in each palm. Tempted by the thought after reading into it a little more she closed the catalog having made her decision. “The Calculated threat defense module Doc.” she said firmly. He raised his eyebrow sitting in a chair next to the surgery bed.

“The CTD has been popular lately with field agents. I think it’s a bit overrated myself.” he commented with a grunt. “I do need to lecture you though for not meeting the recommended field op implant list.” he said wheeling a large cart of equipment up. “You’re still missing your biofilters, subdermal armoring… not to mention the minimal power systems your internal network is running on. You know this will max out your implants. Anything more is going to require a new power source.” he lectured. -

She rolled her eyes. “Look, you already know I don’t want to look like so augged out freak! Subdermal armoring isn’t happening! And those biofilters suck, I still want to be able to enjoy alcohol!” she said defensively. He sighed holding his hands up. “They’re always making advances. The latest generation of flexsteel can be manufactured extremely thin and the fiber mesh webbing weave has been smoothed to the point you can barely even tell!” he explained. Still, the stubborn woman folded her arms across her chest and shook her head.

“Maybe next time doc.” she said dismissively. The doctor sighed again shaking his head. “It’s your choice but don’t blame me if it comes up in your yearly review.” he said opening a panel on the cart. “Pulling out two syringes he held them both up. “Four or Five?” he asked. She glanced over at him slightly confused by the question. “Which Serum do you want?” he asked again, clarifying his question. “Due to the rumors circulating we are offering what remaining new stock we have of Serum4 to our female operatives. Even though Serum5 is superior in every aspect.” he said matter-of-factually. -

“So you don’t believe that Serum5 is the reason why a Wraithjust shit her pants on your operating table.?” she said with a scowl directed at him. “That is outside of my area of expertise Ms. Blackstar so I should refrain from commenting in a professional manner but personally… no, not really. The timing is coincidental I will admit but correlation is not causation Emelie.” the doctor spoke in a professional manner. “I have read the briefing provided by PharmaTek and I am skeptical. I find a far more plausible explanation is that Serum5 is being used as a scapegoat for a large unsolved as of yet epidemic to keep the populace from panicking.” he continued in a deadpan tone. Emelie didn’t look particularly pleased by what he had to say but she held her tongue. “I’ll still take the four if it’s all the same...” she said with a grunt.

“That is your choice. I’ll need you to come back in before the week ends for another shot to make sure your body doesn’t reject the new module. Fortunately you already have the prerequisite modifications needed for the CTD implant. Though… you’re already an above average marksman so I think it’s a bit of a waste but anyway.” he trailed off flicking the tip of a syringe with his finger depressing the plunger to ensure no air was trapped. “This might sting a little.” he told her as he gave her arm a gentle swab of alcohol and plunged the needle into her vein. “You’re lucky, this is just a quick slice and dice.” he said, pulling a small pen-like contraption from the cart. “Those inertial compensators would be a three or four hour install we’d have to schedule for later. This shouldn’t take longer than half an hour.” Doctor Halford explained before pausing awkwardly. “You did… use the restroom before this yes?” he asked trying to remain professional about the matter.

- The question irked the proud woman but she begrudgingly nodded. “I’m not your daughter. I know when I need to use the restroom!” she snapped at him. “I’m sorry I’m sorry I just don’t want to have to disinfect another surgery bed. As you so crudely put it I just had the ‘pleasure’ of watching a Wraith shit her pants while being operated on so forgive my precaution in asking… go ahead and lay on your stomach.” he said, quickly attempting to steer the conversation away from female undergarments and what seemed to be happening to them lately lest he end up with more surgical tech thrown across the room. Rolling over onto her stomach Emelie settled in shutting her eyes.

The dreamy high of serum four always seemed to leave her light headed. She remembered how impressed she had been with Serum 5 and how after the high faded she seemed as sharp as ever. A little groggyness was a small price to pay in the struggle to keep her panties dry! Every so often the woman responded with a grunt or a “sure” or a “that’s nice” as the doctor talked through her operation. “Taking your network offline now.” he would say or “Making the incision to access the Apollyon core module”. It was interesting but she wasn’t really in a state of mind to concentrate on what he was doing. It seemed like she was just walking in but twenty seven minutes later he was finishing up. “Let me just seal up the cut.” The doctor said. Emelie could feel the faint tingling warmth as her skin was fused back together where he’d made the incision. “And just like that, better than new.” he said with a friendly smile as he wheeled away from where Emelie lay.

- Through her ocular implant she could see a loading bar appear on her hud with the words CTD module v1.1: booting. Tugging her shirt back down as she threw her legs over the side of the table she yawned. “Nnng, I forgot how much four really puts me out of it.” she said with a yawn, rubbing her eyes. “Yeah… it had that effect on some people.” he said with a shrug. “Next time consider the five.” he chided her returning to his desk. “You’re clear, didn’t see anything out of the ordinary. You know the drill, come back for another shot before the end of the week to make sure it’s not rejected, read and accept the eula when it finishes booting, it’ll also need some calibration… oh and because we used four you’ll probably need more follow up injections but we’ll see.

Good luck out there Blackstar.” he said, kicking his feet up on the desk. “Thanks doc, I’ll be alright.” she said with a dismissive wave of her hand as she finished tucking her shirt back in. Leaving the techlab she was surprised to run into the same Wraith that had exploded at her earlier albeit wearing a clean uniform now. “Afraid that wall is going to fall down if you stop holding it up?” Emelie teased at the woman who seemed to be waiting for her. Her silvery hair still fell over one side of her face. “Blackstar...” she began, her arms folded across her chest ignoring Emilie’s teasing.

- “I owe you an apology for earlier.” she said through gritted teeth shifting her weight onto her other foot. Obviously this wasn’t easy for her. Em could empathize with that. Emelie opened her mouth to speak but the Wraith held her finger up. “Just don’t, this is hard enough as it is but I did some digging into your records and I was wrong about you. You’re a good agent, you get shit done and you’re not just giving them a pass and anyone who doesn’t put up with these new ‘rules’ is alright by me. We’re adult women… not toddlers.” she said with a twitch of irritation in her lips that quickly turned into a frown. They both blushed faintly at her words but Emelie nodded resolutely.

“Anyway, there’s a group of us. We’re taking this into our own hands. There’s more they’re not telling us and it’s bullshit. We’re going to find the truth to whatever the fuck is going on. It’s all black channel, strictly burned pages. If your interested, we’ll meet tonight. You’ll hear from me Blackstar.” she said taking a few steps backwards. “Don’t make me regret apologizing to you.” the spooky woman said before vanishing just as quickly as Emelie had run into her. A Wraith wanted her to join her little operation! She beamed with pride even if it was a covert operation to figure out why they all kept pottying in their pants... Finally her perseverance was paying off. A clandestine job though… that could be risky. That could potentially put her job in jeopardy, but… a Wraith was leading. It couldn’t hurt just checking it out? Arriving back at her office she found her team waiting for her. The four saluted at her as she entered walking to her desk and taking a seat.

- “So, good news then I take it?” she said reading their expressions. The four nodded in unison. Fi cleared her throat and stood up from her seat around the conference table. “Yes, thanks to the Keen observation of Dianna and Drake we were able to glean just about everything we needed to learn about one Mr. James Tresthic.” the redhead began. An image of the man in question appeared from the holoprojector on the table synced up with her impants. “The other name was a fake. It turns out this isn’t the first time he’s pulled this sort of scam. This is his biggest target though. Seems his luck has run out now. Address, description, employment history… if you can call gang activity gainful employment.” Fiona said with a snide chuckle. Emelie reviewed the information they had gathered while she was having fun overnight.

“I pulled stills from the clubs security cams showing him and the princess.” Taarna said. “We’ve got this guy by the balls.” she said with a wide grin. “Well… as long as the higher-ups play ball.” Fiona finished the tech experts sentence. “Are you absolutely sure you can trust Joshua on this one boss?” the redhead asked. Emelie nodded with a look that said the matter was settled. “Good, thorough.” she said, flipping through the information. “This should be more than enough to convince DR that he’s not worth keeping and when they decide that we’ll scoop up our girl and have her back at HQ in time for dinner.” she said clapping her hands together, pleased with the work that they’d done. Fiona nodded as Taarna spoke up. “I set up a meeting with a DR executive today at noon which should give us plenty of time to get to their block and get our girl.” Taarna continued.

- “That’s settled then.” Emelie spoke authoritatively, checking the time in her implant. “We’ll leave shortly, give us plenty of time in case something comes up.” she said. No sooner than she had finished Dianna spoke up loudly. “What is this shit about a new dress code!” she said angrily. Emelie should have expected that is where the conversation was going to go. It still wasn’t a pleasant matter but it was the obvious elephant in the room especially that of the squad Drake was, despite his somewhat effeminate looks the only male which… often made things… difficult. Emelie squirmed uncomfortably as Fiona frowned at Dianna’s outburst.

“It...” Fiona began blushing brightly. “Might be for the best… They’re trying to uphold a professional standard. It’s a reasonable course of action given the…. Circumstances.” she said. It was clear the redhead was doing her best to follow orders even when she seemed to be torn about the very nature of what she was being told to do. “Reasonable my ass” Dianna snorted. “They said we have to learn how to change diapers in case a field change is required… how messed up is that. I don’t want to change my sister’s diapers.” Drake interjected, suddenly earning the ire of the other four women. Dianna twitched with embarrassment and smacked him in the back of the head. “Oh shut the hell up! You’re not changing my diapers, I’m not wearing them.” she said, blowing an uncooperative strand of freshly dyed green hair from her face. “If you’re so keen on changing diapers why don’t YOU wear one!” the female twin barked back at him.

- “That’s enough!” Emelie interrupted, standing up from her desk. Left unchecked the twins were liable to start fighting and tear her office apart. She stared at her subordinates harshly all eyes locked back on her.

