Daniel and Amy - Page 49

Author: Barry

*1204*2020-08-17 01:18

Chapter 25

A Wet Friday Morning Part 2

“Oh Danny. You poor boy. Shhh. It’s okay. Come here. Tell me what happened.” Sue was immediately concerned with how upset her son looked.

Dan, on the other hand, was scared witless that he’d been caught sneaking out of Amy’s van, and he was more than ready to play on being on the verge of a meltdown if it somehow distracted her from even asking. He drew in a watery sniff, and did a much exaggerated bow legged hobble towards her.

“I’m wet mum. Really wet. It was already happening when I woke up, and I thought I could make it stop, you know, just long enough to get outside, but I couldn’t. I couldn’t stop, and, and, and I’ve wet myself, and....”

As much as Danny was trying his hardest to sound upset to the point of tears, he was also trying his best not to talk too loud. The caravan walls were thin, and he definitely didn’t want his friends to hear him supposedly almost crying about wetting himself. So when Sue stepped forward and put her arm around his shoulders to draw himself into a comforting hug, he didn’t even pull away.

“Shhh. Shhh Danny, it’s ok. It’s alright,” Sue softly crooned, pulling him in tight, and although it was embarrassing, he didn’t resist.

“Come on,” Sue whispered, pulling gently at his sleeve, dragging him away from the van and into the park. “Let’s move over here, before we wake all your friends up.”

Dan gratefully allowed his mother to lead him away, throwing in an occasional sniff for good measure. Once they were clear from the vans, she started talking to him in a quiet, calm voice.

“Are you okay sweetheart?” He nodded. “Good. Now calm down, alright? I understand what it must be like to have a sleep accident around your friends, but you always knew that it was going to happen sometime, didn’t you?” Again he nodded.

“Are your pants wet? Turn around,” she instructed, and he dutifully complied, giving her a good look at his bottom.

“No mum, I don’t think so,”he replied. In reality, his nappy had leaked a tiny bit, but that was on the inside of one leg, and although he could feel it, his black pants still looked dry.

“So your beds ok?” Sue asked.

This time, he had no problem answering with complete honesty, although he had to suppress a smile.

“Yes mum. My beds still totally dry.”

Sue smiled encouragingly at him. “See buddy? It’s not worth getting upset about, is it? Did your friends see you? Are they awake?”

This was a bit trickier. “No. I don’t think they saw me mum. I’m pretty sure they’re still asleep. I kinda got outta bed real quick.”

Sue was encouraged. “That’s excellent mate! Go grab a towel and a I’ll walk with you to the shower block. You should keep a pull up on though. Better grab one, a plastic bag, and for goodness sake, put some damn shoes on, or your flip flops. You’re going to ruin another pair of socks.”

His blood ran cold. There simply was no way around this. His mother would no doubt wait for him. He decided to tell the truth, at least part of it.

“I can get a towel mum. But, ah, my flops and supply bag are in Amy’s van...”

She arched an eyebrow. “What on earth are they doing in there?”

He felt a bead of sweat on his forehead, but managed to keep his voice calm. “The girls lemme get changed in there last night mum, so I didn’t haveta get changed in front of the guys. Don’t worry, they stayed outside. I didn’t like get changed in front of ‘em or anything!”

Sue chuckled. “Don’t be silly mate. I know you wouldn’t do that! I was just surprised that’s all! That was nice of the girls, and a good idea too. Maybe they’ll let you do that every night?”

Just then, a voice called out.

“Danny?”

Sue swivelled around, smiling when she saw Amy’s head appear from the doorway of her van. She didn’t see the colour momentarily drain from her sons face, or the way he was gesturing to Amy, making a throat slitting gesture with his finger.

“Good morning Amy! How are you dear? Did you sleep well?”

Amy was confused. She had fallen asleep in Dans arms, and woken up to the sound of his voice, outside, where it appeared he was talking to his mother. Sue had asked how she’d slept. Surely she didn’t know, did she? Had Dan told her?!?! To buy herself a few seconds, she faked a yawn before replying.

“Hi Mrs, Ja..Sue. Good thanks. I slept well.”

Amy could tell by the way Dan was gesturing behind Sues back that she shouldn’t say anymore than necessary.

“Sorry you two. I just woke up, and heard voices. I was curious, that’s all.”

Sue smiled. “Don’t be silly sweetie. I just came and, uh, woke Dan up. He’s going to have a quick shower, did he leave his bag with you?”

This was super confusing. How on earth did she know that? Did she know he’d slept there? She couldn’t! But she did say she’d woken him up! My God! Had Sue come into the van and found them asleep together? Surely not. She’d be mad as hell if she did. Wouldn’t she? But she knows his bag is in there...

“Um, hang on a sec. I’ll have a look,” she almost stammered, grateful of the opportunity to escape for a few seconds, as her heart pounded in her chest. What the hell was happening?!

She held Dans “supply bag” out the door.

“Yep! Here it is,” she replied, trying to keep her tone light.

“And his flip flops too,” Sue asked, and Amy soon found them as well.

“Huh? Wazzup?” Nikki had been woken up by the noise.

“Nothing Nik. Just stay put for a minute, alright? Don’t say anything.”

“But what’s going on?”

“Danny slept with me last night,” she hissed. “Now Sues out there, wanting his bag!”

“Now way!” Nikki was incredulous. “You guys got sprung?!”

“Dunno Nik. I don’t think so, but I don’t really know what’s going on at the moment.”

Without further ado, she grabbed Dans sandals, and went back to the door, to find the boy himself walking towards her, face glowing bright red. She handed him his belongings.

“What’s going on sweetie? Are we in trouble?”

“Dunno. Don’t think so. I’m pretty sure we’re ok. I’ll fill you in later,” and with that, he slipped his socked feet into his flip flops, turned and left.

“I’ll grab my towel mum,” he said, making a detour towards his own van.

The next surprise came when he tried to open the door. It was locked.

“Ah fuck,” he muttered under his breath.

Without a key, you couldn’t lock the door from the outside! It was a feature to prevent the campers from locking themselves out. Mario had explained that to everyone yesterday. It was simply impossible for Dan to be locked out, if indeed he had come from this van to start with. He wriggled the door handle frantically, his panic starting to grow again, positive he could feel his mothers eyes boring a hole into the back of his head. He uttered a small, high pitched squeal of surprise when the door swung open at him, nearly hitting him in the face. A tired and disoriented looking Matthew was looking at him.

Dan stepped past him, even as Matt started asking what was wrong, and how the heck Dan had managed to lock himself out without the keys.

“Can’t explain now,” he replied, quickly grabbing a towel from his bag.

“I slept next door,” he whispered hurriedly. “I dunno if mums caught me or not. I gotta go.”

There was a faint, but tell tale smell of urine in the van, and it looked like Scott was still asleep. Dan immediately put two and two together straight away, but currently had his own problems to deal with, his own sodden diaper amongst the least of them, and he quickly left, leaving Matt to try and digest what he’d just heard.

As the boy and his mother walked together, he started to relax, as it became clear that she hadn’t spotted him leaving Amy’s van. Instead of being questioned or scolded, Sue kept up a steady, lighthearted chat, trying her best to cheer her son up. To Dan, it felt weird and uncomfortable. On one hand, he was feeling a bit like a little kid again, like he usually did when he had to admit to his mother that he’d wet his pants or bed, and it was both awkward but yet comforting at the same time. On some level, the reassurance that it wasn’t his fault was nice, although still embarrassing.

On the other hand, he was secretly feeling quite grown up, knowing that he’d actually spent the night sleeping in the same bed as his girlfriend. It was actually two nights in a row now, as they had fallen asleep together on his bed at home the previous night, before they’d left for the big drive. He liked it, and wanted to do it again, every night if possible. The grownup feeling was equally balanced by the childishness he felt because of the wet squishy heat he could feel between his legs and on his bottom, a constant reminder that he was still wetting the bed like a baby.

The embarrassing, childish feelings only grew, as they approached the adult area of the camp, and he saw a lot of people starting to move around, including a few of the new workers that he didn’t know. He automatically hitched his pants up, and made sure his shirt wasn’t tucked in, should one of these unknown grownups see his nappy sticking out. Even worse, his father, Peter, was standing there smiling at them as they approached. He had a coffee in one hand and a cigarette in the other, and had obviously just got up.

“Heyyyy! How’s my little soldier this morning,” he asked, using a nickname that he’d called Dan for years, ever since the boy had developed a love for army things at an early age. Dan figured being called a “little soldier” was probably something that he could do without these days, but it still felt nice when his dad reached out and gently ruffled his hair. But before he could answer, Sue spoke quietly on his behalf.

“Leave it Pete. Danny needs a shower. Don’t stir him up, okay?”

Dan felt the blush riding up his cheeks. Really? Did she HAVE to say that?

Pete dropped his cheeky grin, lowering his own voice. “Aw no. I’m sorry mate. You okay?”

“Yeah dad. I’m good. There isn’t any, um, damage I guess. I just gotta have a shower and get changed, that’s all.”

“Ok champ. You get ready while mum makes breakfast. Remember, I want you kids here by 8:30 to start work.”

This was the first day that the kids were to start “Earning Their Keep,” and had been discussed after dinner the night before. Dan promised to get all his friends ready as soon as possible, then hurried into the shower block, where he closed a cubicle door behind him, dropped his belongings onto a bench, and breathed a sigh of relief.

He removed his pants and shirt, hanging them up on the hooks provided, then, standing there in just his nappy and socks, he took a deep breath, and relaxed his bladder, instantly feeling the fresh heat spreading across his groin, then start running down his legs again, as his diaper was already past its capacity to hold any more. His socks soaked up the trickles on his legs, but they were already wet and dirty, so he didn’t care. He turned the shower on as he peed, and the sound of running water helped him empty himself completely.

After a quick shower, with his sleep pants safely bagged and disposed of, he headed back to his van, and met Scott halfway, who had a towel draped around his neck. Dan couldn’t possibly imagine Scott ever crying, but his friend did look visibly upset. His face was flushed, and he looked distracted and uncomfortable.

“Hi mate, what’s up?” Dan asked, stopping and getting a half hearted fist bump from his friend.

Scott sighed, and it sounded a bit watery. “Nothing,” he haltingly replied. “I, uh, need a shower. I guess. It happened again.”

Dan knew exactly what “It” was, and he could sympathise. He patted the other boy on the shoulder, offering some consolation.

“Me too mate. Me too. It sucks, doesn’t it?”

Scott sniffed, nodding his head. “Yeah. Honestly Danny, I’m fucking sick of this.”

Dan didn’t know what to say, so he hugged Scott briefly, then continued on to his van.

When he arrived, Matt had the door and windows open, airing it out, and the smell of pee had dissipated, and he was already dressed for the day. He looked questioningly at Danny.

“So? What happened last night?”

*1208*2020-08-20 05:15

Chapter 26

A Wet Friday Morning Part 3

Aiden woke up thirsty during the night. His phone, which was charging beside his bed, gave the time at 2:40, and he sighed. As was his habit, the first thing he did was to grab at his pyjamas and sheet, to check for wetness. He didn’t find any, and was momentarily confused by the thickness of his pyjamas, until he remembered that he was wearing a pull up. He cringed a bit, but at least it was still dry. In actual fact, it was the same pull up that he’d worn the night before, when he’d had a rather special dream, and he’d been a bit reticent to wear it again, but a close inspection before bed showed that it still looked perfectly clean, although he could feel a bit of a dry patch on the front, where his emission had been absorbed. It wasn’t much, so he had put it on again, even telling his father that he hadn’t needed it last night, so he’d wear the same one again.

“Great work Tiger,” Sean had said, and Aiden had felt a bit proud, like he’d accomplished something special.

His mind had returned to that special dream a few times during the day. Not so much the dream itself, as that grew hazier as the day wore on. More so on the fact that he’d orgasmed. That had been completely unexpected. Like Dan, and in fact like most boys of a certain age, Aiden had long ago discovered the fun of touching himself, usually in the bath, shower, or safety of his bed, but although he understood what masturbation was all about, he’d never achieved an orgasm before. In fact, he’d never really tried to go that far, mainly because he had assumed that developmentally, he was still way too far before the curve to get there, but now that he new what his body was capable of, he was intrigued.

He had actually planned on experimenting a bit when he finally went to bed that night, but he just couldn’t relax and “get in the mood” properly. Not while being in a strange house with his father and Maria so close by. He had tried, and although he was easily aroused, the idea that one of them might burst into his room while he was doing “It,” was enough to prevent him from trying for too long. Besides, he didn’t really know just what he was supposed to do, but he knew that just like every other boy who had ever lived, that he would figure it out in his own time. Catholic school or not, their sex education classes had been very informative over the past few years, and playground bravado aside, he knew that he wasn’t the only boy in this situation.

He stretched out, arching his back. It was no good. He’d have to get up. His mouth was dry, and although his pull up was as well, he needed to go to the bathroom reasonably badly. This wasn’t really a surprise, considering the large amount that he’d drank today, although he had made a special effort to use the bathroom that evening. He’d peed three times since dinner, trying to ensure that his bladder was as empty as possible before going to bed.

Laying there, he grinned to himself in the darkness, thinking back on the day’s events. What a completely awesome day it had been! His best friends had arrived unexpectedly, he had tried smoking for the first time, and, although he’d never ever actually use the term itself out loud, he secretly liked to think that he had a girlfriend! He wasn’t sure whether this was actually true or not, but it seemed to be. This wonderful, smart, funny, beautiful, brave, fun loving girl really seemed to like him just as much as he liked her, although the words hadn’t been spoken out loud. She had played, (No. not played. Little kids played. They had hung out) together all day. She had even held his hand, and kissed him! Especially the kiss in the shower in front of everybody, that had been awesome.

He had seen her wet her pants both accidentally and on purpose, and he had done the same for her. It was like a special secret that they shared. He thought about how pretty she had looked after her evening shower, with her raven black hair still wet, but neatly combed, wearing her pink cotton pyjamas, even with the waistband of her purple pull up peeking over her waistband. He had showered as well, but hadn’t put his sleep pants on until just before getting into bed, as he felt so self conscious about them. Especially in front of Mario and Rose. Maria obviously felt no qualms at all, even with his father there, and he envied her self confidence. Especially as it kept sticking out as they lay beside each other on the lounge room floor doing their jigsaw puzzle.

Ugh. It was no good. He’d have to get up.

Just as he threw the blanket back, he heard a noise outside his room. A door squeaked open, then there was the sound of small footsteps, another door opening, then a whispered conversation. More footsteps again, soft and gentle, walking right past his door.

Aiden got up, and using his phone for light, he manoeuvred his way to the door, and peeked out. Maria’s door was ajar, and her light was on. He wondered what was going on, but 2:45am wasn’t exactly a great time to investigate, so he bypassed it, and padded barefoot down the hall into the kitchen, where he poured himself a large glass of water from the kitchen tap. The water was cold, and as he drank deeply, his toes curled against the cold timber floor, because his need to urinate suddenly increased twofold, and he automatically found that he was grabbing at his padded groin through his Batman pyjama pants.

As he stood in the dark kitchen, holding himself and finishing his water, he heard a door open, and footsteps again, this time larger and heavier than before. The door was half closed, and standing slightly behind it, he could see through the gap in the frame, where he spied Rose, looking tired and sleep disheveled, walking down the hall towards him. He froze for a second, wondering if he should switch the light on to announce his presence, because he certainly didn’t want to be the cause of his host having a heart attack by walking in on him in the dark kitchen, but Rose had gone into Maria’s room instead.

Had Maria wet the bed?

The thought raced across his brain like a skyrocket. It seemed like the only logical conclusion, and suddenly, he had to know for sure. He ever so gently sat the glass on the sink, and peered around the half open door, but there was nothing to see. His bare toes curled again, and he pushed his legs together as the excitement increased his need to pee to even greater heights, and he squirmed in discomfort, giving a squeeze to his padded crotch.

Man! He really needed to go badly himself!

Aiden considered just walking past Maria’s room, and looking in on his way to the toilet, but that felt kind of weird. After all, if she had wet, she might already be upset, and she might freak out if she caught him looking. He knew she didn’t mind him witnessing her accident outside earlier, but this was different. It involved parents, and possibly a wet bed, not to mention her little diaper.

Ohhh...., he hunched forward slightly, as he almost lost control. His pecker was starting to twitch, and he felt a bloating in his lower tummy, and he knew that if he didn’t go soon, his own pull up would be getting soaked as well. But now he was unsure as how to proceed. He didn’t want to upset or embarrass his girlfr...Maria, but even if he didn’t stop at her room, she would definitely see him walking past, and would know that he saw her.

Flash! A lightbulb went off in his brain! He could go outside and pee! That would save everyone any potential embarrassment that might occur! He turned, and padded quietly to the kitchen door, that opened onto the veranda. It was unlocked, and like a thief in the night, he silently slipped through, gently closing it behind him.

Now Aiden had never been afraid of the dark, well, not for a long time now, but this was really spooky. The park was in darkness, and he couldn’t see far at all, and he wasn’t convinced that he definitely couldn’t hear things moving around. Perhaps even monsters, or some weird shit like that, and he paused, suddenly feeling very afraid of the unfamiliar surroundings. Two things got him motivated enough to move. A swift mental rebuke, reminding himself that he wasn’t a helpless little kid anymore, and his now bursting bladder. Taking a deep breath, and a firm hand on his diaper, he forced himself to head down the steps and onto the front lawn, where the cold wet grass under his feet didn’t help his almost obscene desperation at all. Not wanting to wee on the grass right in front of the house, he forced himself to do a hobbling waddle around the side, finding more light there anyway.

The reason that there was more light, was because Marias room didn’t have the curtains fully drawn, and bright light was spilling out onto the side yard.

Despite his desperation, he paused.

Not feeling particularly proud of himself, he slowly approached the window, but it was too high for his short stature to see into. Again, he felt a twitching in his padded sleep pants, and he was forced to hunch forward, and cross his legs, just to prevent his own accident from happening.

He definitely didn’t want to wet his pants. Not in the slightest bit at all, but by now, his curiosity was winning out over common sense, and he simply HAD to know what was going on in there! He danced around, a mixture of fear, excitement, and a full bladder keeping him in constant motion, and although he knew how badly he needed to relieve himself, his curiosity about what was going on inside Marias room was now taking precedence. He was falling too far into the old familiar habit of allowing himself to get too distracted, and not listening to what his body was desperately trying to tell him. In fact, in his excitement, he’d managed to put his burgeoning need to pee almost completely out of his mind!

Looking around frantically, he found the solution. About five meters from the house, stood an old set of wrought iron lawn furniture, just waiting to be stood on.

Aiden eagerly climbed up on one of the iron bench seats, shivering a bit when his bare feet trod on the cold, wet iron, and he stood tall, and was rewarded with an almost perfect view of Marias room, courtesy of the gap in the curtains. Maria and her momma where obviously talking, and although he couldn’t hear a sound, he could see the daughter standing side on to her mother. Rose was talking to her daughter, in what appeared to be a gentle manner, without the usual theatrical hand gestures that was her style, besides, her hands were busy with stripping off the top sheets of her daughters bed.

Maria turned around more, so her back was to the window, and Aiden had no trouble in seeing that her bottom was very wet indeed. Both her cheeks were encased in sodden pink cotton, and her purple pull up was visible through the almost translucent thin fabric.

Aidens breath caught in his throat, and he almost fell off the bench with surprise, only just stopping himself from falling face first onto the grass.

The shock of the near fall had other consequences too, and he felt an explosion of warm wetness spreading through his little diaper.

“Shit,” he muttered softly, reaching down as fast as he could, pulling down his Batman pj’s and the front of his pull up, to unleash a solid torrent of pee onto the ground, which arced out impressively from his higher than usual perch. He continued emptying his bladder, but never took his eyes off the scene playing out in Marias bedroom, watching intently as Rose started folding a towel, and placing it in Marias bed.

After he’d finished peeing, Aiden pulled up his pants again, wincing at first at the feeling of wet padding pressing up against his private parts. He hadn’t worn a wet diaper for quite awhile now, and had almost forgotten what it felt like. He gingerly gave himself a little squeeze, and was surprised to find that it didn’t feel as bad as he remembered. In fact, it actually felt kind of nice.

As he watched, he continued gently touching at himself through the sodden Goodnight, and almost drifted off a bit. It was surreal. He couldn’t believe he was standing outside in the middle of the night in wet sleep pants, watching his friend in wet pyjamas, or how cute she looked. He stayed like this for a couple of minutes, only forcing himself to move away after Rose handed her daughter a fresh pull up, and Maria suddenly pulled her wet pyjama pants off, leaving her in just a top, and a heavy, saturated diaper. Suddenly he got the feeling that although he’d already crossed a line or two, watching the girl get changed was wrong, and he stepped down from the bench, and almost regrettably snuck back inside the kitchen, where he stood, unsure, in the dark, wondering what to do next.

A minute later, he held his breath, as Rose left the room, glanced briefly at the kitchen, then walked slowly back to her own room, turning the hall light off behind her. The boy slowly counted to a hundred, then swiftly and silently padded back to the safety of his own room again, where he shut the door softly, then leaned against the wall, heaving a sigh of relief, and touching himself through the still warm diaper again. He was quite cold, but his little nappy held the heat against his boy bits, and it actually felt nice. Now he was safely in his room, he started to shiver from the cold, and he wiped his feet on the floor rug, and scrambled into bed, snuggling deep under the covers, where he lay, letting his breathing return to normal as his heart rate returned to its regular rhythm as well.

At first, he had fully intended to take his wet pull up off, but the heat from his sleep pants felt wonderful, and he squeezed gently at the padding once more. It was incredible that he’d never noticed before just how warm, safe, and secure, that wearing a pull up could be, and he was momentarily lost in the feeling of it, while his mind drifted back to Maria once more.

The idea came to him that perhaps she might feel upset or embarrassed tomorrow, but if he left his own wet diaper on, it would probably make her feel better. Besides, his wasn’t absolutely saturated like hers had been, and was just wet in the front and between his legs. Anyway, if he took it off, he’d need to shower or wash, and he couldn’t be bothered doing that at 3am. Leaving it on as an act of solidarity with Maria was a much easier option. Maria. He lay back and started thinking about her.

He remembered how she had accidentally wet her pants in the playground, and again deliberately at the beach, enticing him to do the same. He visualised the dry pee stain on her tight pink leggings, and how pretty and cute she looked in her love heart pyjamas with the purple diaper peeking out over her waistband. He could feel his boyhood starting to stir inside its wet confines, and he rubbed and tugged at it through the padding. Dozens of miscellaneous memories of the past couple of days came flooding back to him, each one more exciting than the last, and before he knew it, he had gone rock hard, and was arching his back, as his attention to his diaper and what was inside it grew stronger and more vigorous.

Aiden was remembering what it had felt like to be kissed by her while showering together, and suddenly, he felt something he’d never felt before. A strange tingling feeling had started “down there,” and it was spreading rapidly through his tummy and legs, and his toes curled up into little balls beneath the covers. His breathing increased in tempo, as did the movement of his right hand, as it mushed the warm pull up firmly against his excitement. He couldn’t quite muffle his groan, as the most amazing feeling that he’d ever had quickly swept over him, and his hips bucked in the air, squeezing his eyes tight in the darkness, then freezing on the spot, as a fresh explosion of warm stickiness got suddenly pumped into the already wet padding.

Aiden lay there, breath coming in short gasps, his mind spinning with wonder at what he’d just accomplished. It had been absolutely amazing. Incredible. Completely out of this world. No wonder so many of the bigger kids at school talked about it so much.

He knew that he’d never go to sleep again that night, such was the level of surprise and pleasure that he had felt.

Three minutes later, the boy was snoring softly, one hand still resting inside his Batman pyjama pants.

*1215*2021-02-11 03:24

Chapter 27

Friday Plans.

Aiden didn’t wake up until nearly 8.30, with the night time excitement no doubt helping him sleep soundly. Still, 8.30 was a bit early by his usual holiday or weekend standards, but he wouldn’t complain. Obviously his father hadn’t woken him before heading out to work, and for that, he was glad. It had probably saved an embarrassing Q and A conversation about if he was wet or not, and Aiden just couldn’t lie to his dad. He stretched out in bed, arching his back, before plopping back down. His pull up still felt warm, but also a bit clammy as well.

He hoped Rose would be gone already as well, because although he’d showered before bed, he was going to need another one, and he really didn’t want to be questioned about it, or worse, have his bed inspected. He wondered if Maria was up? Her door was still closed, so he shut his a bit louder than necessary, and made a little bit of extra noise as he walked past her room and into the kitchen. It must’ve worked, because he’d gotten no further than grabbing a bowl and some cereal before she joined him, although she looked a little perturbed.

“Hi Maria, sleep well?”

Ah shit. Nice going doofus. You know she didn’t. Why the hell even say that?

She gave a weak half-smile. “Meh. Not really. Kinda. I guess.”

Her pink cotton short pyjamas had been exchanged for green ones, but he pretended not to notice. Instead, he lowered his voice, whispering confidentially

“Me too. Guess what? I hadda little accident last night. I’m gonna need a shower again.”

Her head snapped up, and she made that firm, direct eye contact with him, almost like she was staring directly into his soul.

“Did you wet?” The barest beginnings of a genuine smile tickled at the corners of her pretty mouth. Keeping her voice low to match his, she replied “I did too...”

Aiden let his jaw drop open a bit, feigning surprise. “Didja? Wow! What happened?”

Maria grabbed a bowl for herself, and began adding cereal while Aiden added milk to his own, and she suddenly seeming a lot perkier.

“I dunno,” she shrugged. “I just didn’t wake up I guess. I peed all the way, which I hardly NEVER do. Didn’t wake up until I was finished. I made a really big mess. Hadda change my sheets and everything. How about you? Do you need new sheets?”

He blushed, but was happy she didn’t appear upset any longer, so he answered, although obviously left a few pertinent details out.

“Nah. I actually woke up dry, but a bit came out before I could get my pants down. You know? Like in the toilet?”

Maria giggled. “That’s happened to me before too! Sometimes just the sight of the pot...toilet has made me have an accident! So you hadda get changed then?”

His face reddened, but instinct told him to answer honestly, because he just knew she would like the answer. “Wellllllll, I prolly shoulda gotten changed. I guess. But I wasn’t like REALLLLY wet, just a bit, and I guess I couldn’t be bothered, so I just went back to bed.”

Maria paused, a spoon full of dripping cereal paused just below her mouth. “Wait. So you’re still wearing the same pull up?”

He nodded.

“Come on! You gotta show me,” she insisted, causing his blush to suddenly pale.

“Maria! I can’t do that,” he whispered.

“Cause you can. You gotta. I woulda showed you mine if I was still wearing it!”

“I wouldn’t ask,” he hissed softly.

“Well it’s a good thing I’m not you then, isn’t it! Come on! You gotta show me. I wanna see it!”

It was almost as if she had cast a spell. He almost floated out of his chair, head spinning, as he pulled his Batman pyjama pants down, revealing a rather puffy looking Spider-Man pull up. Maria actually started reaching towards it, and the boy yelped, jumping back quickly and pulling his pants back up again. Maria put a pouting expression on her face.

“Aww. Not fair! You should let me touch it!”

He sighed, stepping forward and pulling his pants down again. She reached out gingerly and poked at it, watching it squish. Aiden was holding his breath, expecting her to squeeze it, and himself at the same time. He felt his pecker starting to stir inside the wet padding, and wasted no time in pulling his pants up quickly, and sitting down again, while the girl began giggling.

“All your friends are working with their Olds today, aren’t they?”

He nodded, dribbling milk from his mouth as he answered before swallowing his cereal. “Yeah. Guess so. Apparently they all made a deal with their pairs to work for extra pocket money.”

“But you don’t have to, do ya?”

“Nah. It’s something they organised. I just try and keep outta dads way while he’s working.”

She giggled again. “Me too. Aiden. Hey! You know what we should totally do today?”

He arched an eyebrow at her quizzically.

“We’re gonna have a HUGE holding contest! Like I did yesterday, but you too, and bigger and fairer! It’ll be rad! Whaddya say?”

Up until yesterday, Aiden would never have agreed to anything like that, but he knew how much doing “stuff” like that interested her, and her openness about pee stuff was absolutely fascinating to him! His occasional bed wetting had been a thorn in his side for years, and he had been absolutely amazed to discover Danny shared his problem, but with daytime accidents as well. As of yet they still hadn’t had “The Big Talk” that Dan had promised him, and he was really hoping that they may have it soon. He really needed to hear that he wasn’t the only big kid who suffered like this.

But now, he had met Maria, who was going to be a teenager tomorrow as well, and still wet the bed like he did. Also, the more she talked about wetting herself, the more he was starting to enjoy the idea. So he wasn’t really surprised when he found himself giggling and nodding at her idea.

“Okay. Aiden. This is what we’re gonna do. Well both go to the toilet now, then both have showers. After your shower, you can’t go again. We’ll drink a lot, and play in the park away from everyone else. Maybe explore or something. Once one of us loses, you know, has an accident, we’ll go to the beach for a swim.”

“But what if someone sees us?”

She shrugged. “Wear black shorts. You got ‘em, I got ‘em, and we won’t be around anybody anyway! Besides, taking the risk is part of the fun!”

It was weird. He found himself actually liking the idea!

“Okay! You’re on! I’m going to the toilet right now!

Maria grinned broadly, as she gathered up their bowls and glasses.

*1221*2021-02-18 04:09

Thanks everyone.

Sorry for the hiatus. Just kind of lost the writing bug for awhile. Don’t know why, just didn’t feel like writing anything for quite some time.

Funny thing is, I never really stop thinking about this story. It’s like it’s always there in the back of my mind somewhere, and plot ideas come and go at random. Eventually, they build up enough that I HAVE to write them down.

Got another chapter three quarters complete, but won’t have much of a chance to finish it for a few days.

Thanks for your patience. More to come soon!

*1224*2021-03-02 07:42

{{On 2/21/2021 at 8:50 AM, Peacemaker808 said:

Will you be doing a skinny dipping chapter, either between Daniel and Amy or Aiden and Maria?

}}

I like this idea.....!

Chapter 28

Work Begins

“So? What happened?”

Matt was almost beside himself with anticipation for the story, but Dan had refused to begin telling it until Scott had returned, so he wouldn’t have to repeat it. He had dressed himself for the day in a pair of camouflage knee length shorts, with a matching camo pattern pull up underneath it. Now the three boys were almost ready to head to breakfast, all dressed in hi-vis polo shirts, shorts, and work boots. All of them enjoyed occasionally going to work with their Tradesman fathers, so ppe gear was something they all owned. None of them would say it out loud, but putting their work clothes and boots on always made them feel a bit more grown up.

Danny sighed, but grinned. Secretly, he was enjoying the attention. His friends had already been impressed when he’d told them about sleeping with Amy at his house the night before they left, but that was kind of like a sanctioned sleepover, with his mum just leaving them asleep. Last night was a bit different. He’d actually slept with his girlfriend on the sly, without parental permission, and that was quite a big deal for a group of fourteen year old boys!

“Honestly guys. Nothing really “happened.” “ He added the air quotes with a grin. “We just kinda fell asleep together.”

“But what were you doing in bed with her in the first place dude?” Matt was fascinated.

Danny grinned. “Nothing really. Just kind of cuddling a bit I guess. We were just mucking around, and said we’d try the bed, which ended up with a cuddle. Next thing I knew, it was this morning!”

Scott’s mood had improved after his shower, especially since he discovered his bed hadn’t gotten wet. “Sooooo, did you do ANYTHING with her?”

“Not too much,” Dan answered with a sly grin. “Nothing like what we’ve done before anyway....”

The other boys whooped and cheered, punching him on the arms. Danny hadn’t ever told them a lot of details about his private times with Amy, but it was virtually impossible for someone his age not to supply a few details. The other boys knew that he had showered with her, that they had touched each other intimately before, including bringing each other to orgasm, and they were very impressed, and perhaps a little bit jealous. Their good mate Danny was having a semi-physical relationship with a beautiful girl who they really liked, and they were happy for him.

“OW! OW!” Dan yelled, as the punches rained onto his arms. “Anyway, I got up and was coming back here, and there’s mum, walking straight towards me! I freaked out. Thought she’d seen me leaving Amy’s, but she hadn’t.”

“Wow. Lucky dude,” Scott replied. “That coulda ended badly,” and they all nodded solemnly.

Danny got up, and punched both his friends in turn, before they could react. He was actually stronger than they gave him credit for and a loud “Shit/Fuck” echoed from their man cave.

“Come on dickheads. Let’s go get breakfast,” Danny said with a grin, feeling absolutely on top of the world.

————————————————

“What the fuck is that all about?”

Nikki was looking out the window towards the boys van. “Sorry. Go on...”

“Just the guys being stupid I think,” Amy replied. “Anyway, there’s not much to tell, Nik. We just fell asleep together, that’s all.

Nikki grinned, made a sideways fist, and performed a pumping action. “What? Not even .....?”

Amy shrieked with mock horror, bursting into laughter at the same time. Of course this only set Nikki off, and she hunched forward, putting a hand between her legs.

“Ow! Ow! Stop! I’m going to pee myself!”

“So what?” Amy asked sarcastically. “You’re wearing a dipe, aren’t ya?”

Nikki paused, and put her hand up under her nightie, feeling the padding between her legs, and shot a surprised look at her friend.

“I am! No shit! I actually forgot about it!”

“So I guess you’re dry then?” Amy asked.

“Yeah. Oof. But not for much longer though. I really need to peeeeeee...”

“Well hurry up then. Grab your clothes and a towel. We’ll go have a shower. I’m wet, as usual.”

Nikki stood up straight, but grimaced, and lent back against the wooden frame of her bed.

“Ugh. No joke. I’m not going to make it, Ames. I’m gonna totally pee myself before I get there!”

Amy had an idea. She went to the annex, and grabbed a still damp towel from their swim yesterday, and threw it at her squirming friend.

“Here Nik. Stand on this, and let go. You know what those kiddie pull ups are like, they’ll leak everywhere. Stand on the towel, and try not to completely lose control. See if you can just let enough out to get yourself to the toilet.”

“Hmm. Like one of your pre-emotive strikes?”

Amy grinned. “Exactly mate! It’s precisely what I try and do sometimes, especially at school.”

Nikki shuffled the towel around with her bare feet, then stood on the towel, legs slightly akimbo. Amy was going to turn around, and give her friend some privacy, but as usual, she had underestimated Nikki’s propensity for openly peeing herself if there was nobody but herself, and possibly Danny to see it.

The girl raised the nightie up above her belly button, exposing her flat stomach, and Amy watched on as Nikki looked down, and her toes curled.

Everything went quiet, and a few seconds later there was a muted hissing sound. The purple butterfly on the front of Nikki’s pull up started to swell, as some of the smaller pictures started to fade, and a line became visible.

Although Nikki wasn’t exactly way outside of the weight range that the little diapers were aimed at, she was still a lot bigger, and had a much larder bladder capacity than their intended users, and within a few seconds, the kiddie pull up was starting to sag, followed by a drop, then another drop, which quickly turned into a stream, that started running down her leg.

“Eww,” Nikki remarked under her breath, quickly squatting down on her haunches, making two identical streams emerge from each leg guard, and a loud splattering sound kept time with the ever-growing wet patch that was spreading rapidly towards, then underneath her feet.

“Christ Nik! Stop already! You’re overflowing!” Amy couldn’t tear her eyes away.

Nikki laughed. “I fucking can’t! I can’t stop!”

She had no choice but to remain in the squat position, until the drips and trickling subsided. Suddenly, she farted, then overbalanced backwards, with a loud, squishy plop. Silence remained for a second, then the girls made eye contact with each other, and burst out laughing at the same time.

“Oh. My. God! Nik! You fucking farted!”

Nikki couldn’t speak, in fact she could hardly breath from laughter. Of course Amy started laughing with her, before announcing loudly “Aw fuck. Thanks mate. I’ve just wet my own diaper again!”

The laughing continued for a couple of minutes, then subsided, but the girls had tears running down their faces, and Nikki had a snot bubble on her nose, which made them almost lose control again.

Eventually, they regained their composure and fully undressed together, diapers and all. Amy selected a fresh diaper to take with her clothes to the shower, while Nikki would have to wait until night time to put another one on. They wiped themselves clean with wet wipes, grabbed their clean clothes and towels, then headed towards their parents and a shower.

For the two minute walk it took to get there, Amy enjoyed walking around without a diaper, or even any underwear on beneath her baggy shorts.

Friday morning started with 6 wet diapers being added to the rubbish bin, by 6 different teenagers.

&&

