On Her Way Home (Futanari)

Author: Pain

*000*2015-12-25 18:06

Sitting at the backseat of her mom’s car, Alex crossed her legs and looked out of the window. Her bladder was full and she was trying to put a clamp over it until she reached a toilet.

The short meeting with her class teacher didn’t go very well. Alex had flunked her tests yet again and she was sure her mother would yell at her once they reached home.

But there was a much bigger worry that had taken root in her mind. Her need to pee was getting pretty serious and she didn’t know if she could hold it much longer. She squeezed her dick between her thighs and took a deep breath. She had to hold it, no matter what.

When Alex was born, her parents thought she was a boy but as she grew older and her mind and body developed, they realized that she was in fact a girl, who was just a bit different. But instead of accepting her the way she was, her parents forced her to think she was a boy. She never liked being called son. It felt so suffocating, so forced.

None of the boys she knew had a body like her. She always felt much comfortable around girls and would try to gel in with them, although she knew she was different.

It was by the time when she was in the third grade, that she came out open about her identity in front of her parents.

At first her mother, Stacey, thought Alex was trying to come out as a gay. “Oh, you want to be a girl because you like boys?,” Stacey had once asked. It made sense that way. But Alex did not understand at that time that gender and sexuality are two entirely distinct parts of one’s identity. She was just a child after all.

When she was 14, Alex learned what futanari meant and cried of happiness. After 10 years of confusion, she finally understood who she was.

She immediately told her mom, but Stacey reacted extremely negatively, telling Alex that it was a phase, that she would never truly be a girl, that God doesn’t make mistakes, that she was wrong.

But with time, things got a little better. Although against it at first, Stacey supported Alex with her decision to be identified as a girl, just because her body was developing like one.

But her father was against this. He didn’t care what changes Alex was going through.

He always tried to discourage her of being who she wanted to be by making her were boyish clothes. He would make Alex change whenever she wore a typical ‘girl’s attire’. He wanted Alex to be identified as a boy and was ready to go to any lengths to do that. Her father’s actions were breaking Alex from within and she would feel bad about herself every time she was with him.

But as time passed, Alex became more firm in her decision to be called a girl, which didn’t go down well with her dad. He soon disowned her, saying he wasn’t going to raise an abnormal child like her. He divorced Stacey and married someone else, leaving his former wife and daughter behind on their own.

As the car swept ahead, Alex kept her eyes stuck on the road. At this point, she wanted to yell at her mom to stop so she could find somewhere to pee, but she was afraid. Her mother still looked pretty incensed and she didn’t want to poke the hornet’s nest.

“M-Mom…” she began to say.

Stacey didn’t reply, her mind still clouded with anger. Ignoring her child’s call, she kept driving.

Noticing her mother’s temper, Alex wanted to keep quiet. She didn’t want to annoy her any further but this was urgent.

Mustering the entire reservoir of strength left inside her, Alex spoke again, “Mom..”

“What is it?! Can’t you see I’m driving?” Stacey shot back, keeping her eyes on the road.

“W-were we gonna stop somewhere?” Alex said, fighting to keep her voice from shaking.

“No” Stacey replied sternly, “I’ve to get back to the office and I can’t waste my time driving you around…”

Alex bit her lower lip. “OK,” she whispered.

The thought of holding it till home made Alex worried but maybe she could make it. She was grateful to be in the backseat, where her mother couldn’t see her tense her legs. She wriggled slightly, trying to find a more secure position.

After another fifteen minutes, Alex was squirming more regularly. She tried to concentrate on other things – the buildings, the songs on the radio – but it wasn’t working.

“M-mom, c-could you drive a little faster?” Alex said, unable to keep a slight whine out of her voice.

At this, Stacey’s dam of anger burst, “What do you think I’m doing?” she turned her head back for a second and looked at her daughter, “Do you think I was enjoying standing there being humiliated by Mr. Cootes over your horrendous result?”

At this, Alex lowered her head in embarrassment, determined not to speak again. She crossed her legs and exhaled slowly, closing her eyes. Maybe, she thought, if she focused only on trying to hold it, she could make it home. But even with her entire focus burning with the effort to prevent an accident, things were drawing close to the edge.

An indeterminate amount of time later, Alex felt the car slow. Thank God! she thought, assuming they’d reached home. She opened her eyes.

Home was nowhere in sight, only a bevy of cars ahead of them.

As their car rolled to a halt, the seat belt pressed into her rock hard bladder. Alex suddenly felt a quick spurt of urine escape, and she clapped a hand over her mouth to keep from crying out. She grasped at her crotch with her other hand, holding tightly to regain control.

A wave of panic ran through her, they were stuck in traffic and she didn’t have much time left. She tightened her grip on her crotch, clenching her thigh muscles.

More minutes passed, and they had barely moved. Alex knew they were close to their home, almost a ten minute ride from where they were but the traffic wasn’t moving. Her muscles were starting to shake from the effort of holding; at this rate, she wasn’t going to make it.

Alex took a deep breath. “M-Mom?”

Stacey snapped. “What?!”

“I- I’ve to go to the b-bathroom..”

“Just sit there for a while, we're almost home..”

“O-okay”

Alex didn’t think she had any time to spare, but she hunched back in her seat, still holding herself.

She was shivering with the effort to keep herself dry. She couldn’t remember the last time she had to pee this bad.

Then suddenly, another squirt of urine ran out of her, soaking her panties a little. Alex felt a tide of horror wash over her. She was beginning to lose control.

“M-mom..” she whined.

Stacey groaned. “WHAT IS IT?! Can’t you see we are stuck in traffic? Can’t you just keep quiet for a while?!”

Alex snapped her mouth shut and stared at her lap, miserable. A few more drops of urine leaked, and her underwear felt uncomfortably damp.

Stacey held the wheel tighter. She had to get back to work and was running late. She was hungry and probably wouldn’t have time for lunch. But mostly, she was disappointed in Alex for flunking her tests and wasting another year of her life. She hadn’t meant to sound so angry, but seriously, couldn’t the girl act her age?

But then Stacey heard something that made her heart drop and her irritation vanish.

Alex was crying.

She turned around to find Alex sniffling with her head down. She saw a tear drip off her chin.

The girl’s body was shaking as a pool of urine grew on the lap of her skirt. She was having an accident.

“Oh, dear…” Stacey exclaimed, gripping the steering wheel tighter. A sense of guilt shrouded her mind. Maybe if she had listened to Alex, this wouldn’t have happened.

“I’m so sorry, ,” Stacey pleaded. “This was my fault. Look, let’s just get home, we’ll get you cleaned…”

Alex broke down to gasping sobs and covered her face in embarrassment as she continued to wet herself. Her lips trembled violently as tears came out of her eyes like rivulets.

The traffic abated and Stacey managed to wriggle her car out. They covered the rest of the ride in silence.

Stacey pulled into the garage and hesitantly turned around to face Alex. “We’re home. Why don’t you go get changed?”

Alex didn’t respond. Her body shuddered as she cried and her breathes came in great wrecking sobs.

Shaken, Stacey slid out of the car and opened the back door. Though she didn’t react outwardly, she was stunned at the amount of wetness around Alex. The wetness had leeched into the girl’s clothes, leaving her skirt and top drastically soaked. Stacey couldn’t imagine how long Alex must have been holding it to have an accident that size.

Alex wanted to say sorry. That it would never happen again but her sobs impeded her words. .

“It’s okay.” Stacey reached over and wrapped her arms around the girl, “Just breathe, honey. It’s okay. It’s okay. Just breathe.”

Slowly, minute by minute, Alex came back to her senses. Her cries died down, but the humiliation remained.

Stacey kept talking, calmly, consistently, as the teen’s breathing evened out. "It's okay. It's okay. You're alright, sweetie."

After a few minutes of rocking and soothing, Stacey, stepped out of the vehicle and guided her daughter out by the arm.

Alex made to her room as they both stepped inside the house. Stacey didn’t bother disturbing the girl. She knew a little time alone would get her back to normal.

After she showered, Alex had her lunch and went to sleep.

Maybe a little while away from the world would help lessen her embarrassment.

*002*2015-12-27 04:21

Thank you so much! :)

