Daniel and Amy - Page 25

Author: Barry

*602*2016-11-21 04:38

Chapter 56:

After breakfast, Danny began his chores, starting with a comprehensive cleaning of his room. The sheets on his bed had only recently been changed and were still dry, so that made it a bit easier, and it didn't take long to put away his clean clothes, and put his dirty ones in the washing machine, saying a silent prayer of thanks that he was able to put his freshly soiled socks straight into the machine without his mother having to handle them. He vacuumed, and collected the plethora of assorted cups, glasses, bowls and plates that most teenagers seemed to somehow accumulate miraculously in no time at all.

He washed up without being asked too, more to stop his mother noticing how much assorted crockery and cutlery he'd been storing in his room. As he washed up, he took a two litre bottle of cold water from the fridge and guzzled it greedily, determined to make himself need to pee as quickly as possible. As it turned out, it didn't take long, with his hands being immersed in the hot water no doubt aiding him with his mission. By the time the washing up was done, he was starting to feel the first stages of needing to pee again building up already.It was late morning when he slipped his bare feet into an old pair of trainers, and headed out into the garden.

The weather had been cooling down ever since their trip to Adventure World a few weeks ago, but today looked like it was going to be the last hurrah of the warmer weather, the swan song of Autumn so to speak. It had been cool earlier on when he had gotten up, but by now, the sun was out and directing its last vestiges of real seasonal warmth on the earth below. The forecast was for a comfortable 24 degrees, and while not exactly hot, it was certainly going to be the best day temperature wise for the last fortnight. Dan decided he might even try a swim in the pool after he finished his chores, as the temperature probably wouldn't hit such giddy heights again for another six months or so. Their pool wasn't heated, but had a solar blanket stretched across it, and in another couple of hours would be warm enough to enjoy for one last dip.

Dan hit the front garden bed first. Thankfully for him, his mother enjoyed pottering about in the garden, so it wasn't in terrible condition or anything, but just sported a few errant weeds which were quickly and easily removed. He made a conscious effort to continuously take generous swigs from his bottle, and had drank almost a litre by the time he moved onto the garden beds in the back yard.

Due to his extensive pee holding games with his girlfriend, the boy had learned a few things about just how his body reacted to doing big holds, and how his desperation affected him. For example, he knew that if he drank lots and held on, then of course he would need to pee badly eventually, but he had also learned that sometimes allowing himself to pee a few times while continuing to drink could result in a much faster onset of desperation a bit further down the track, and that's what he wanted.

There was no way that he could possibly expect to go all day without peeing, and, being undiapered as he was, he wasn't going to put himself at risk of ending up with wet pants just for the sake of enjoying a hold. So this is what his goal was, to drink heaps and pee freely for awhile before eventually stopping, and getting some rapid onset desperation happening later on in the day. He made his first stop beside the shed, where he emptied his bladder before drinking another few large mouthfuls of water and continuing on with the gardening.

Feeling a lot more relaxed with his bladder emptied, Dan knelt down and applied what little enthusiasm he had towards clearing the backyard garden beds. It didn't take long, but he managed to drink nearly a litre of water while he did it. Once he was done, he retrieved the lawn mower from the shed, and took the opportunity to relieve himself once more while he was there. The Jacobs household had more lawn in the front than in the back, thanks to the pool, decking, and patio, so the back lawn was only a fifteen minute job.

A sweaty, dirt-streaked Daniel with grubby knees then took a quick break, and met his mother in the kitchen while pouring himself a large glass of Coke over ice.

"How's it going mate? Sounds like you've been busy?" Sue asked.

"Yeah. Done the gardens and the back lawn okay mum. Just grabbing a drink before I do the front."

"Well just be careful how much Coke you drink son. You know how it affects you. Make sure you go to the toilet if you have too. No need to try and hold on and end up having an accident you realise. How's your rash going?"

This was the type of conversation that always made Dan uncomfortable. He knew his mother was only trying to help him, but here he was, closer to his fifteenth birthday than his fourteenth one, and his mum still found it necessary to remind him about going to the toilet so as not to wet himself, and speaking openly about his diaper rash. Sheesh! Talk about making a guy feel like a baby! But, unfortunately, he knew that he only had himself to blame, remembering how his mother had found his wet pants the last time he'd drank a lot of Coke while doing chores. He was determined that that wouldn't happen again. One thing his experiences of the last week had taught him, was if he was going to be naughty, he simply needed to be a bit more careful about it.

"Okay mum. You're right. I just did a wee beside the shed anyway, and the rash is going okay. I think not wearing a nappy is doing it some good."

"Okay mate, just be careful okay? And remember, if you do have an accident without your diaper on, it's not the end of the world, alright? We can always wash your pants."

"Thanks mum, but I'm gonna be like super careful anyway. I think wearing all the time makes me a bit lazy sometimes, so I'm gonna try hard to not rely on them so much."

Dan really felt uncomfortable talking about his problems so openly, so he took his drink and hurried outside, just in case his mother decided to start telling him what a good little boy he was being, like he was being potty trained or something! It was really annoying when she did that, and although her heart was in the right place, it always annoyed him when she treated him like a baby. He felt himself tensing up a bit, and had a sudden craving to suck on his pacifier for a few minutes, the irony of that thought completely lost on him though.

Halfway through mowing the larger front yard, Dan paused, and drank half of his Coke in super quick time before resuming. As his attention turned to the final part, the side yard, his bladder suddenly twinged, and he found himself automatically grabbing himself as he manoeuvred the mower around a tree. His legs were partly spread for balance, and the realisation hit him that he had almost wet himself a bit just out of nowhere! Holding his penis with one hand, he quickly turned the mower off with the other one, and hurriedly opened the side gate, making a quick waddling beeline for the safety of the shed.

He made safely enough, that is until he had to let go of the death grip on his boyhood to pull his shorts down at the front enough to release it. As soon as he eased the pressure of his hand, he felt his penis twitch a bit, and a small squirt escaped, wetting the area underneath his fingers, and he felt a tiny trickle on his upper thigh. His thin cotton shorts weren't very absorbent, and he didn't have any underpants on, so while what had escaped was only minimal, it had nothing with which it could be absorbed in to, and he felt a wave of terror wash over him as he freed his dripping penis and pointed down, only mere seconds before he started flowing freely. When he'd finished, he pulled his pants back up, and examined them carefully.

There was a tiny wet spot only a couple of inches across, and a few drips on his left leg, but both were nearly invisible on the dark black material, and he knew that his shorts would dry quickly, especially on a nice day like today. He felt himself blushing a bit, embarrassed at how easily he had lost control. He hadn't even been aware of any more than the slightest need to go a few moments ago, yet he had suffered a minor leak anyway. It was a stark and brutal reminder for him that although he had enjoyed a dry night, and although he enjoyed doing holds and wetting for fun, and while he was happy to be going about his business undiapered like a normal kid, he was in fact incontinent, and accidents could occur at any time.

"I've really gotta be more careful," he chastised himself quietly, then, feeling a bit shaky but relieved, he went back to finish the lawn, but not before draining the last of his soda.

Twenty minutes later, he was hosing off the lawnmower, when he heard Sue calling for him. A quick squeeze and visual check confirmed that his pants were again dry, so he had no problems with locking the mower and hurrying back to the house, where he was happy to find that his mother had made him a sandwich and poured him another large Coke. He certainly didn't NEED the drink, as his plan was working just fine by now. The constant high fluid intake and frequency of bladder relief was having the effect that he desired. He was filling up very quickly, and although he kept peeing, his body was getting used to just going pretty much whenever he wanted too. He thanked his mother for lunch, but before he ate, he peed beside the shed again, deciding that it would be the last time, and from now on in he'd try and hold. Washing his hands at the outside tap, he wiped them dry on his t-shirt before kicking off his grubby shoes and sitting down at the outside table to eat.

Habit had him looking for his phone. It was almost a part of him, and he felt kind of lost without it, and it took a second to remember that it wasn't available to him because of his punishment, and indeed wouldn't be available for another day. Danny sighed with frustration, it was almost inhuman to deprive a kid of his phone these days! How the hell was he supposed to get through this without going crazy anyway? Without being able to check Facebook or Twitter, he busied himself by eating, and drank the large drink as well, then filled the glass back up with water again. He could almost believe he was starting to make sloshing sounds as he walked! Sue returned shortly afterwards to collect his plate, basically to prevent him from walking inside while covered in dirt and grass clippings, but she left him the glass when she saw that he was using it.

"Three more jobs Danny Boy," she announced. "There's a basket of washing at the laundry door that you can hang on the line, you can get the blower out and blow the grass clippings off the deck and driveway, then wash the car. After that, you're free for the day."

"Cool mum, thanks. Does that mean I get my phone back?" Dan asked hopefully.

"Uh uh. Not until tomorrow. But nice try though!"

Dan sighed, feeling a bit deflated, but not really surprised. He wasn't used to being punished, and he kind of hoped that his mother might back down early, but it appeared that she was going to stick by her guns on this.

"Okay mum, but do you mind if I have a swim after I finish? I'll put the cover back over the pool after I'm finished?"

"Brrr!" Sue pretended to shiver dramatically. "Better you than me mate! It's not that warm you know! But if you want too, I guess you can. Just make sure you try and blast the clippings away first, and hose your legs and feet off properly before you get in. And have a hot shower as soon as you finish, alright?"

"Thanks mum! I will. This'll probably be the last day I'll get to use the pool for awhile."

Sue seemed to hesitate before continuing, unsure of how to continue. "No problem sweetie. Listen, ah, how are you going without a nappy on? No accidents yet?"

"No mum. I've been making sure I do a wee beside the shed whenever I need to go, although I've gotta admit, it was kinda close last time."

"Well that's great sweetie! But like I told you, don't get stressed out if you do have an accident. You're kind of used to wearing protection all the time now, so nobody's going to think anything bad if you did have a problem, okay? We can always wash your shorts you know."

"Thanks mum, I know. But I've gotta start practicing not wearing a diaper all day. It's kinda too easy to just rely on them sometimes, and put off going if it's not totally urgent."

Sue smiled at him as she went inside, but, deep down, her heart went sadly out to him. He was still convinced that he would eventually grow out of his incontinence, but frankly and secretly she didn't share his positive outlook on the subject. As time went on, she was slowly starting to believe that her sons condition just wasn't going to fix itself, and without surgery, he would be reliant on diapers his entire life, with only the occasional dry night to look forward to. Of course she would never tell him that though, and as long as he continued to remain positive she wouldn't say a word.

This ever burgeoning belief in the worst case scenario of her sons condition was a key factor in why she was so insistent that he attend camp. She believed that the time was now fast approaching for Daniel to start planning for a lifetime of wearing diapers. Even though Doctor Singh had expressed his belief that Dans bladder would eventually catch up to the rest of him, she still had her doubts. If anything his condition seemed to be getting worse as far as she was concerned. Yes, he had stayed dry last night, but not long ago he would wake up dry at least two or three days a week, these days, he sometimes went a full week without a dry night in sight.

His daytime accidents seemed to be getting more common as well, although she harboured her suspicions that now he was wearing virtually 24/7, he was starting to perhaps rely on them a lot more than before. Since he had discovered grown up diapers, he could get away with a lot more than he could in his little pull ups. It appeared that he sometimes pushed his luck too far when it came to holding on, or even just gave up and wet himself on purpose sometimes. In a way, Sue could understand that though. After all, if she was wearing diapers and wetting herself most days then she could probably get how on occasion it might be easier to just give up and not even try making it to the toilet. After all, what's one more wet diaper in the grand scheme of things?

This was exactly the reasoning why she wanted him to go, so as to start taking ownership of his problem. If he was starting to get lazy and wet on purpose, or even just getting slack about using the toilet regularly, then an enforced period where he would have to be more careful would be just the tonic that he needed. If, however, he wasn't wetting on purpose, and his mishaps were becoming more frequent through no fault of his own, he would need to start learning how to look after himself without her constant supervision. Either scenario wasn't fantastic, but she figured that it was indeed time for him to step up a bit.

Dan was feeling surprisingly pleased with himself so far. Although he would much rather not be stuck at home doing chores, he was harbouring a real sense of accomplishment so far. The gardens and lawns looked good, and he was enjoying the naughty feeling of holding onto his pee and doing his wees beside the shed. Yes, he had suffered a very close call that had resulted in a wet patch on his pants, but he hadn't soaked himself, his pants had already dried invisibly, and once again he could feel himself building up. He gave himself a gentle squeeze through his shorts, feeling the start of a "little mood" coming over him. He could now continue his holding game and hopefully last until his chores had finished, then wet himself like a naughty little boy, and go for a swim to hide the evidence.

He just had to hold on long enough first, that's all.

*605*2016-11-21 21:56

Thanks everyone for the kind support. Getting back on track again now!

*608*2016-11-25 12:43

Chapter 57:

Lunch eaten, Dan prepared himself to finish his assigned tasks, looking forward to a swim afterwards, as well as ending the day with a good old fashioned pants wetting. He just needed to hold on long enough, that's all.

Deciding it would make more sense to blow the grass clippings away before hanging the laundry out, he went back to the shed. The leaf blower was stored in the smaller shed, the one he peed beside, and he took it out, and topped up the fuel tank. He had decided previously that he wouldn't pee again until he wet himself before swimming, but by now, the huge amount that he'd been drinking was filtering through him at a tremendous rate. He'd only just peed like twenty minutes ago, and although he wasn't desperate, he could feel himself needing to go already, although just a little bit. Knowing that he still had to wash the car, he realised that the chances of not wetting himself would be next to zero at this rate, so he decided to allow himself one last pit stop first.

"Better safe than sorry," he told himself, as he watched his stream pattering onto the still wet ground. The bare patch of earth was starting to turn muddy thanks to his constant watering.

Dan never quite understood why, but he'd always enjoyed using the leaf blower, ever since he was a little boy of about eight, when his dad had let him try it. Blowing the yard clear had always seemed a bit like "reverse colouring in," where you started with different colours or a mess everywhere, and by using simple strokes, you transformed things back to the way they originally were. He took a simple, childlike pleasure in using the loud mechanical device to bring a sense of order to the chaos of a messy yard. Of course he would usually have his phone with him, and he could listen to music while he did it, but not today. He did own an MP3 player, but that was in his room somewhere, and the effort to find it was simply too much.

As he started the blower, he smiled to himself as he remembered the first time he'd used it. He had been eight, and it was a Saturday morning. His old man had gone to the hardware store early to get it, and little Danny had still been wearing his pyjamas and a wet Goodnight when Peter had gotten back home. Dan had been watching cartoons, and had been about to go and have a shower, but had soon gotten distracted by his fathers new toy, and he had begged his mother to let him delay getting changed long enough to watch how it worked. He had woken up with a wet nappy, but hadn't peed yet, deciding to wait until he got showered and changed after breakfast, but then the cartoons had started.....

Dan had never seen a leaf blower up close, and like most little boys, he was fascinated by new mechanical stuff. He watched, completely enraptured, as his father took it from the box, and carefully explained to him what it was and what it did. Pete filled it with fuel, pulled the cord, and the machine had started with a roar.

His need to pee forgotten, Dan had squealed with delight as his father made a couple of broad sweeps with it, and started blowing the dirt around. When he had pointed it at his sons bare feet, Dan had erupted in a fit of giggling, and promptly wet his already soaked pull up, causing it to leak, and the crotch of his pyjama shorts had suddenly darkened as hot pee ran down his bare legs.

Little Danny had been completely mortified, and started to cry, and his mother had began to chastise Pete for making their son have an accident. But Peter had only laughed, and waved her away. He ignored Dans wet pants, and instead turned the blower onto the puddle between his legs, and blew it away in big streaks across the concrete, causing his son to stop crying and stare in wonder as he watched his pee puddle quickly drying up, while his pyjamas stuck warmly to his legs. His tears were forgotten as quickly as they had started, and although he kept squeezing the wet spot on his short pyjamas, he was able to ignore it, mainly because his father hadn't scolded him this time.

"Want a go mate?" Peter had asked with a grin.

Sue gave an exaggerated sigh of frustration, and stepped forward, pulling Dans saturated shorts down and making him step out of them. Then, wearing only his pyjama top and a sagging Goodnight, his dad helped him to hold the big blower while he pulled the trigger throttle, squealing with boyish pleasure as the machine bucked in his hands, causing leaves and dirt to be blown asunder. His dad let him "help" for a while, before switching the noisy machine off and patting his sons diapered bum gently.

"That's enough for now little man. Better go and have a shower before your mum gets mad at both of us."

Dans mouth turned down in disappointment, and he turned to go, but his father stopped him, talking to him quietly, so his mother couldn't hear.

"Danny mate, how come you wet yourself? I know you've got your sleep pants on, but you're getting a bit big to be wetting yourself like that aren't you?"

Conversations like this always made the little boy upset. He had wet himself like a baby again, and now his dad was mad with him, or at least disappointed. His dad was simply the bestest dad in the whole wide world, and Danny hated disappointing him.

"I'm sorry daddy. I didn't mean too. I was gonna go to the toilet when I took my sleep pants off and had a shower, but I guess I kinda forgot about needing to go when I saw your new blowie thingy. When you blew it on my feet it tickled a lot, and it made me do a wee when I laughed..."

The sight of his sons big brown eyes staring up at him, coupled with the fact that he was wearing a saggy pull up and no pants, made him look closer to five than the eight years old that he actually was. Peter could see the still unshed tears threatening to escape his little boy's eyes, and ignoring the wet diaper, he picked his son up and hugged him fiercely.

"It's okay Danny. I'm not mad. Just try and be more careful, that's all buddy."

Dan had wrapped his scrawny arms around his fathers big neck, hugging him tightly, feeling the embarrassment of his twice wet diaper sliding around his bottom as his beloved father hugged him back, not caring about the wet spot that his son was leaving on his shirt.

"Ill try daddy. I love you!"

"Love you too dude. Now, scoot along and let your mum change you, okay?"

A much bigger and older Daniel smiled to himself at the memory, then fired up the leaf blower, feeling the same childish rush of pleasure welling up inside him as he started clearing the clippings from the patio. He thought ruefully to himself how none of them had any idea way back then that he'd still be wetting himself and wearing diapers nearly seven years later.

"But not today at least," he muttered, "well, not yet anyway."

It didn't take long to clear the designated areas, and after he'd packed the blower away, he forced himself to have another drink of water. He was actually forcing himself now, and was starting to feel rather bloated. His urgency had remained at bay after his last draining, and at the very most, his current need was only slight.

It became a juggling act now. Ideally, he would be absolutely busting to go by the time he finished washing the car, but he knew that mucking about with the water was sure to intensify any need that he had, so he needed to balance his fluid intake against his remaining time. He really wanted to be desperate to the point of having an accident by the time he was ready to play in the pool, but he didn't want to underestimate it and wet himself accidentally before he got there.

"Speed is the key," Dan told himself. "I've gotta pace myself properly. Start slow, but speed up my work rate if I haveta. Just like doing an exam at school!"

He took the washing basket to the clothesline, and started pegging out his laundry that he'd put in the machine earlier. Knowing that he was safe from prying eyes, he deliberately took a wide stance, his dirty bare feet widely spaced, and kept his grubby knees locked stiff, forcing himself to bend low from the waist as he picked the washing from the basket. This had the effect of putting extra pressure on his bladder, and the wide stance made it harder to hold on, requiring more effort from his control muscles. In no time at all, his need had gone from 3/10 to 6/10 on his personal "Danny Jacobs Industrial Urgency Scale."

When he got to his wet socks, Dan glanced around, making sure he was not being observed, and picked them up, giving them a more than slightly careful examination. He turned them both inside out, and issued a sigh of relief when he couldn't find any tell tale stain on either of them, meaning that nobody would ever know that he'd jacked off into one of them a few hours ago. He smiled at the memory as he pegged them out, the thought combined with his quickly filling undersized bladder making his dick start to go hard. Reaching down with one hand, he grabbed his stiffening boyhood firmly, and tugged on it a couple of times, feeling the familiar stirrings of arousal starting to envelop him.

There was little doubt that holding and wetting really did turn him on. By the time he'd finished, he was happy with how his urgency was progressing. He needed to go badly enough that under normal circumstances he would be actively be looking for the nearest toilet, but not so badly that an accident was imminent though. Just enough to ensure that his final task of washing the car would no doubt prove to be a challenge, which of course was exactly what he wanted. Forcing himself to have another half a glass of water, he set up the hose and assorted car washing paraphernalia around the car that his mum had parked on the freshly mowed front lawn.

The Jacobs family had a high pressure washer, but it was too much effort to get that, plus the extension lead and hook it all up. It was generally only used for when his father took the 4WD out bush, and got it muddy. For his mums car, the hose would be sufficient. Danny got some soapy water happening in a bucket, and started hosing the car down.

As he hosed, water bounced back off the car onto him, and trickled onto his bare legs and feet. It was cold, and the wet, dribbling sensation made his bladder twitch as he stood there. "Definitely a 7/10 now," he thought. This would be the stage when he would usually put everything aside and actively start looking for a toilet, his infamous "Danger Zone." Even under the best of circumstances he would be in danger of an accident, but listening to the sound of running water, and splashing his feet in the growing puddles heightened it even more.

He switched the hose trigger off, wiped his hand dry on his shirt, looked around to make sure nobody was around, and quickly gripped his penis, giving it a squeeze and adjusting its position, feeling it swelling in his hand with both urgency and arousal. For the briefest of moments he contemplated going back to the shed and trying to pee just a little bit, enough to take the edge off so to speak, but he knew deep down that if he started to pee on purpose now, he probably wouldn't be able to stop, and would empty his constantly twitching bladder.

"Ahh fuck it," he muttered under his breath. He was safe enough now anyway. If he did lose control and wet his pants, he'd just stand behind the car where nobody would be able to see him, and it wouldn't be overly obvious on his black shorts anyway. He would just lean against the wet car and get his shirt wet as well, and make sure he got himself nice and wet with the hose.

Being a kid definitely had some advantages. Grown ups weren't expected to get themselves saturated while washing the car, but kids were almost expected too. Being shorter meant he had to stand closer to reach the roof, and let's face it, kids liked to get wet and messy while using the hose. The neighbors wouldn't look twice at him if he was soaked by the time he'd finished.

Yes, his mother would probably know what he'd done, but she had already told him a couple of times not to stress out if he had an accident, but it was still kinda embarrassing if she did know, and he was really looking forward to seeing how long he could actually hold on for. Satisfied that he wasn't yet in imminent danger, he started on the top, using a sponge to wash the roof, the back and front windows, and the boot and hood. He became quite focused as he washed, and his urgency actually receded for a while, even while he hosed the suds off. He was even able to wash the back and front ends completely without any further increase in need.

But his urgency hit him again like a sledgehammer as he put his hand into the bucket of cold water to start on the doors. Suddenly, he felt himself about to pee, and not even worrying about the neighbors, he clamped his knees together and bent over, crossing his ankles at the same time, issuing a loud hissing noise through his clenched teeth. He stayed hunched over for a few seconds until he was satisfied that he wasn't going to leak, then looked around guiltily, hoping against hope that nobody had seen him. His prayer was answered, and the street was still deserted, and he was able to pinch the front of his pants quickly enough to discover that they were still dry. That was a bit of a surprise to be honest, as the intensity of the sudden urge had almost overwhelmed him.

Hurrying up now, he washed the passenger side as quickly as he could, bouncing from the ball of one foot to the ball of the other one as he hosed it off, at one point putting his feet together and scissoring his knees back and forth a few times. The intensity of his need was now incredible, and he didn't think that he was going to last long enough to finish. He rushed through the drivers side quickly, the first feelings of a tummy ache starting, and he got it done, but still had to wash the wheels.

He knelt on the ground beside the front drivers side one first, his knees splashing down in a puddle. That was enough for him to suddenly flinch, and he felt a sudden warmth on his leg. He was about to lose control, and he couldn't help it. Where he was kneeling was the most hidden spot of all, and nobody from the street or his house could see him, and if he was to save himself at all, he needed to act immediately.

He reached for the waistband of his shorts, and his fingers brushed over a warm spot on his crotch. He was pretty wet from the hose already, but a visual inspection revealed a wet spot perhaps two inches across, and running down his leg, that was a darker shade of black than the rest. Pulling his pants down at the front, he released his throbbing boyhood, and as soon as he touched it with his cold wet fingers, it bucked, and a stream shot out, splattering loudly against the alloy wheel of his mothers car.

Dan gritted his teeth, head spinning. This was unbelievable! Here he was, a teenager, kneeling on the front lawn of his house, in a puddle, with wet pants, pissing on his mothers car! He strained with all his might, trying his absolute hardest to stem the tide before anyone saw him, the back of his thighs screaming their disapproval at the uncomfortable position that he found himself in, trying to maintain his balance. He couldn't use a hand to regain his balance, as one hand was physically bearing down on his trickling penis, while the other was trying to keep the elastic waistband of his shorts pulled down enough to prevent them from sliding back up and into his stream.

He simply hadn't had enough time to pull them down far enough to complete the act that he'd suddenly been forced into, and he would normally have pulled them down lower on his hips before lowering the front, but it had all happened so quickly that he hadn't had time to. His shorts were fairly firm fitting around his waist, and they were jigged up high around his back, so although he'd managed to get the front of them down far enough to just free his member, they were trying to ride up again, and were putting a lot of pressure on his shaft from underneath, but he couldn't even begin to pull them down any further.

Because of the pressure from his hand and his elastic waistband, his flow was greatly restricted. It didn't just flow strongly out without any effort as it normally would, but was dribbling and squirting irregularly, like a kinked hose, and whilst it wasn't exactly painful, it was quite uncomfortable. However, it did have the effect of helping him to eventually cut the stream off, and his flow gradually petered out although his bladder hadn't even emptied a quarter of its contents, but not before the final bit dribbled over his grasping fingers and trickled over his shorts before running down his legs.

Feeling this, he lost his concentration, and his balance suddenly betrayed him, causing him to suddenly pitch forward, and not wanting to smack his head onto the side of the car, he had no choice but to quickly let go of his pants and place his hand against the front guard so as no to topple over, but his shorts snapped upwards suddenly, taking the pressure of his shaft, but trapping his other hand inside them in the process, still holding his boyhood. Of course the sudden release of pressure had a negative result, and a final, but strong squirt erupted within his pants, spraying his hand and the inside of his shorts with a coating of hot urine. That last squirt was fairly substantial, and Dans hand had pee dripping off it, but at least it had the desired effect of allowing him to finally regain control. Simultaneously he allowed himself to sit backwards onto his heels, and pulled his sodden hand out of his pants, looking at it with an expression of both relief and disbelief.

It took a couple of seconds for him to come to his senses, and when he did, he again sat up, looking around nervously, half expecting to find his mother and half the neighbourhood to be standing behind him in a vast semicircle, tittering away at the sight of a big kid like himself having an accident, and he was almost surprised to find that he was still alone. He gingerly wiped his wet hand across the backside of his shorts, then tentatively pinched at the front of them, wincing at the feeling of warm wetness underneath his groping fingers. A visual check confirmed what his touch had told him, he was noticeably wet now.

Dan took a deep breath, and slowly exhaled, taking stock of his current situation. His pants were wet, but he reassured himself that it didn't really matter. No one had seen him actually wetting himself, and he was still washing the car, so hiding his loss of control was as simple as leaning up against the wet paintwork, or "accidentally" spraying himself with the hose. The second thing that he realised, was that for a rare occasion, he had been able to actually cut off his flow mid stream, which was exceptionally unusual.

Normally, if he was busting and started to lose control, his bladder wouldn't stop until it was empty. This time however, even though he had inadvertently wet his pants, he estimated that he had only peed out about a cupful, and he still needed to go, although the urgency had certainly abated quite substantially. Dan found himself smiling, as he massaged the wet cotton against his almost hairless balls, and stared in wonderment at the alloy wheel in front of him, where his pee had washed a small clean patch on the silver metal.

"Huh! I could probably wash the whole damn car with pee and it would look clean," he thought to himself with a chuckle, as he dragged his cramping legs out from underneath him, allowing his still dry bottom to plonk down in a puddle of water with a splash, enjoying the feeling of cold water being absorbed by his pants, changing the temperature around his balls from hot to cold and making him give a quick shiver.

Feeling a lot calmer now that the immediacy of his need was relaxed, he wriggled his bottom comfortably in the puddle, spread his legs wide, and using his pee covered hand, he took the sponge and started soaping his urine off the wheel. He was starting to feel particularly "little" now, sitting in a puddle in his peed pants, and he took the opportunity to put his clean thumb into his mouth, and sucked on it contentedly for a moment, once again wishing he could just use his paci.

But even if it did happen to be in his possession, there was simply no way in hell that he would ever consider using it while outside the front of his house, so he just made do with his thumb, enjoying the feeling of pretending to be a little boy again. Within five minutes, he had successfully managed to wash all four wheels and hose them off, but he made sure to sit in as many puddles as possible as he worked his way around, fully saturating the backside of his pants, and masking the wet patch on his crotch by blending all the wetness together. He even managed to "accidentally" spray himself a bit with the hose, and by the time he'd finished, there was no way of telling that he'd wet himself only minutes ago.

He couldn't stop marvelling at the sheer uniqueness of the situation. He couldn't remember there ever being a time before where he'd held on too long and had an accident, but only enough to end the desperation part of holding on, while still holding back enough to fuel an ongoing urgency, albeit depleted. Not only that, but he'd actually had the accident in such a public setting, and not been discovered, allowing him so much desired "little time" to just enjoy wallowing in the delicious naughtiness of it all, continuing on just wearing his wet pants openly without any shame. He might just have to volunteer to wash the car more often now he knew how to do it!

Sue appeared as he was packing the hose and bucket up, and she immediately took note of her sons wet shorts.

"Are you finished Danny? Oh sweetie, look at you! Did you wet yourself?"

Dan managed a comfortable sounding laugh, somehow able to hide his uncomfortableness at the question.

"No mum, I just sat down in a puddle, that's all. I got my bum a bit wet."

"A bit wet? You're soaked!"

"Doesn't matter mum, I'm gonna have a swim now anyway. Could you get me a towel please?"

"Sure sweetie, you get the cover off while I fetch it," she replied, heading back inside.

Dan wound the solar cover back off the pool, once again aware of the undelivered pee that he was still holding on too. It hadn't taken long, but being a bit cold and wearing wet pants had already heightened his need, and he was already starting to fidget, and kept glancing at the door, willing his mother to hurry up. She was back with his towel within two minutes, but by then he was struggling to not be holding onto himself with his hand.

Taking the towel gratefully, he wasted no time at all in hurrying around to the far side of the pool, where he jumped off the deck, and promptly sat down in a hidden corner on the lawn. He put his thumb in his mouth, spread his legs wide, and clamped his other hand onto his stiffening penis through the cold wet cloth that enveloped it. He turned his thoughts to Amy, wondering how she was spending her day of chores, and in no time at all he felt his shorts getting warmer and wetter in his hand, and there was a spreading warmth around his bum, causing him to sigh in satisfaction, and arch his back, lifting his bum off the ground, as a torrent of nearly totally clear urine pattered through his pants onto the lawn below.

When he stood up, his cock was as stiff as it had ever been, the wet cotton of his shorts clinging to it, and forcing his shorts out in front of him in a big tent like shape, as the trapped pee cascaded down his legs and over his feet.

Smiling with satisfaction, he wasted no time in climbing onto the deck, and diving head first gracefully into the deep end, the cold water immediately shrinking his swollen boyhood back to its much more familiar shrunken state.

But as much fun as it was, it just wasn't the same as playing with Amy, and he couldn't wait to speak to her again.

*611*2016-12-03 01:31

Chapter 58:

Amy started her Saturday like she did every other day, by waking up wet. She had been having a nice, sexy dream where her and Danny were playing together, although she wasn't exactly sure what they were actually doing, but they were running around outside wearing nothing more than diapers and t-shirts and laughing a lot, perhaps having a water fight or something as they both seemed to be wet. Danny's nappy was already drenched, and was hanging loosely off him, and he kept asking for her to pee into hers as well.

At first, she kept objecting, although not strenuously, and was insisting that she would go to the toilet instead, but in the end his good natured badgering won, and she stood in front of him, lifted her shirt up fully exposing her diaper, (it actually appeared to be a Goodnight with butterflies on it,) and let go, and both Dan and her fell silent, watching in rapt fascination as she released a torrent of hot pee into it, and it swelled up like a balloon around her waist, as her crotch and her bum grew warm and wet.

Suddenly, their mothers were there, sitting at the outside table, and Sonia had seen what she had done, and asked her what had happened.

"I've wet myself mummy!" Amy had happily replied. "Oops!"

Sue had piped in then. "You look very wet as well Daniel. Why don't you kids go and fetch some clean nappies, and we'll get you both changed?"

"No mum," Dan had said, "Amy and me will change each other if that's okay?"

Sue sighed. "It's Amy and I Danny. But sure, if that's what you want to do. Just no smoking, alright?"

"Thanks mum!" Dan replied, as he grabbed Amy's hand, leading her quickly into the house and straight to her room where he had laid her on the bed, and prepared to pull her diaper down.

She must've peed in her sleep at the same time as she did in her dream, because when she woke up, her big, tape on diaper was still hot, and squished around nicely underneath her as she arched her back, curling her toes as she stretched and yawned. Like most mornings, her first conscious act was to gingerly reach her hand under the blankets and run it over the sheets, looking for wet spots. She was wearing a pretty pink nightie that was actually a bit too short for her now, but it had pictures of butterflies on it, and was one of her favourite ones, and she wondered if that was what had given her the dream idea of butterflies on her pull up.

As she had twisted around during the night, it had ridden up over her hips, and underneath the sheets her diaper was fully exposed. Her hand quickly ran across the sheet directly beneath her raised bum, finding it to still be dry. She pulled her nightie back down properly, checking that as well, sighing with relief when that felt dry as well, then allowing herself to plop back down into her warm bed once more, where she stretched comfortably again. Even though her diaper was wet, all in all it wasn't a bad start to the day. It meant she could postpone having a shower until after breakfast, giving herself some time to enjoy the wetness that enveloped her crotch and bottom, and she wouldn't need to change her sheets or wash her nightie, both of which were freshly changed last night.

She reached out with a groping hand for her phone, which was always on her bedside table while she slept, groggily wondering with happy anticipation whether or not Danny had sent her his normal morning greeting, telling her how much he loved her, and perhaps even sending her a picture of his nappy, telling her if he was wet or dry. It took a few seconds of groping around with no success for her to realise that her phone wasn't there before she remembered with a touch of bitterness that it in fact wasn't in her possession anymore.

Her lips twisted a bit in distaste at the realisation, and for the hundredth time she found herself silently cursing at her mother, then immediately feeling guilty for doing so. She had been naughty, done the wrong thing, and gotten caught, and now she was being punished, as simple as that, but she just couldn't help feeling a sense of real, genuine anger, albeit minor, directed at her mother because of it. It didn't make any sense to be mad at her, Amy knew that, but at the same time she just couldn't help it. The last forty eight hours had been amongst the most humbling and humiliating of her life, even if she had already endured a lifetime of already humiliating experiences. It's just that she had always strived to be a good kid, well, mostly, and she just wasn't used to being punished and how degrading the whole thing was.

She cringed as she remembered how much she had cried and begged for mercy over the last couple of days. It was demeaning. Amy wasn't stupid, she knew that she was only a kid, and kids got punished if they played up, but for Gods sake! She couldn't stop feeling that her mother was being a bit hypocritical over this! Amy had been asking her mother to give up smoking for years, and while Sonia had tried, she wasn't ever able to kick the habit, and was always admitting how hard it was, and how she needed to be stronger about it, but that now seemed like it was alright and acceptable enough for her, but it was a different kettle of fish for her daughter.

Didn't she even realise just how much stress her own daughter was under sometimes? So what if she smoked sometimes, if it helped her to cope with her daily stress of constantly wetting herself and needing to wear nappies all the time, then surely to goodness it wasn't all that bad, was it? As the remnants of her nice dream faded away into oblivion, a certain dark mood started to climb over her. Here it was, Saturday morning, and by the looks of things a great morning too, and she wasn't allowed to see her boyfriend or use her phone, and she was going to be stuck spending the whole weekend doing stupid chores, simply because she had been doing exactly the same thing that her mum did to stay calm. Like it was just so unfair!

Amy tried her hardest to hold on to the memory of her wonderful dream. Already it was slipping away from her, and more than anything she wanted to feel as snug and happy as she had done in it. What exactly had happened in it again? Her and Danny were hanging out in just their diapers, and he was wet, his pull up hanging so low on his hips that she could see the top of his pubic mound, it's hairless bulge poking out from the drooping waistband of his pull up, as he encouraged her to just wet herself as well, then he was going to change her again.

She wriggled her bum in a frustrated way, liking how her big tape on squashed around her private parts, even catching a slight squelching noise as she did so. She found her right hand sliding down lower, and two probing fingers forced their way underneath her elastic leg guards, where they slid through her sodden pubic hair, and the fingers of her left hand picked roughly at her nipples, making them go hard and force their way against the clingy cotton of her nightie. Her thoughts again turned to Dan, having no trouble dredging up actual memories of how he looked when he was diapered in front of her, allowing her to just give up on trying to recall her dream altogether. Why did she need to remember a fantasy when she could remember the real thing anyway?

Her fingers stroked at her girl parts and her nipples as she pictured him, and she allowed herself to think about his boy bits, and what they looked and felt like. Boy bits were a lot more interesting than girl bits she decided. They changed so much! Dans penis could look quite small sometimes, barely able to stick its little head out of the small thatch of brown hair that was struggling to establish itself around the base of his shaft, with most of his pubic region being still bald, and his little scrotum was quite tight.

But when he got excited, it like quadrupled in length, and doubled in thickness, standing tall and proud like a big tree in the forest poking out from the undergrowth, pulsing along in time to his heartbeat. She wondered just how big it would eventually get when he finished growing up, and how long it would take his sparse pubic hair to finish sprouting? It was the difference in their pubic hair that fascinated her the most. She had quite a thick bush already, and had done for quite some time, but Dans hadn't grown anywhere near as much as hers had yet, but she liked it anyway. It looked kinda cute.

Amy found herself quietly moaning a bit, her back lifting up automatically and pressing her sex more firmly into her probing fingers as she rubbed herself more fiercely, picturing what he had looked like naked in the shower with her, and how she had rubbed and pulled at his boyhood until he had squirted his sticky white essence onto her hand and her leg. As she touched herself, she found herself wondering exactly what it would be like to feel Dans thing inside her, and a familiar tingling sensation started to create a warm glow around her already wet crotch, but before she could increase the speed and pressure of her probing fingers any more, she heard footsteps coming down the hall.

Quickly removing her hand from her wet nappy, she wiped it across her tummy and pulled her nightie down and the sheets up, aware of how much her nipples were sticking out. There was a sudden knocking at her door, before her mother opened it, not waiting for an invitation.

"C'mon Amy. Time to get up. I told you last night that you've got chores today, so you're not hanging around all day in bed. Breakfast. Now."

Amy was of course wide awake already, and her heart rate was well up over what it normally would be, but feigning sleepiness, she yawned and stretched again, liking how the top sheet pressed against her nipples.

"Alright alright alright mum. I'm getting up. Jesus. I'll be there in a minute, okay?"

"Is the bed wet sweetie?"

"Jeez mum. I don't know! I've just woken up, alright? Hold on....."

Pretentending to have just woken up, she stretched out again, lifting her bum up, and performed what was actually her second sheet inspection by hand, plonking herself back down again before declaring the bed to be dry. "But of course I'm wet. As usual." She added.

"Do you want a shower first, or brekky?" Sonia asked.

"Oh God mum. Give me a break here! I've just woken up! Ahhh, stuff it. I'll have breakfast first, okay?"

"Alright little miss. But you can drop the attitude, alright? I don't care if you've just woken up, you mind your manners with me today. You're still in my bad books, remember that!"

Amy knew better than to answer back, so she let her mother leave without a response, then immediately inserted her hand back inside her wet diaper again, but the mood had now been lost. Instead of arousal, all she felt was a slightly mild disgust at the feeling, and she was unable to conjure up any more images of Dan or his penis to get herself wound up again.

"Shit. Thanks mum," she muttered quietly, then resignedly threw the sheets off and sat up, wondering if Danny was up yet and what he was doing. It hadn't even been two whole days yet, but God she missed him so much already. Earlier in the week they had been making plans about how to spend the weekend, but now she was like trapped in Azkaban or something. It wasn't fair! Looking at her feet, she remembered how much Dan liked rubbing them, especially when she had socks on, so she put a pair of light blue ankle socks on first, hoping it might somehow give her a bit of a connection to her boyfriend and help her get through the day.

Standing up, she assessed her immediate need to pee. Even though she had peed in her sleep not long ago, it appeared that she hadn't completely emptied herself, and although it wasn't urgent, she definitely had an ever so slight urge to go, but nothing that even she couldn't contain for a while yet.

Simply put, going to the toilet right now was just too much of a hassle. If she went, she couldn't really put a soaking diaper back on again afterwards, and she wouldn't put a clean one on without having a shower first. She gave her nappy a quick squeeze at the back and in the crotch, deciding that it still had enough room to contain another minor accident should she have one. The idea of just deliberately letting go and wetting herself again as she stood there was very appealing, but if that was to happen, she'd have no choice but to shower and change immediately, as any further wetting would no doubt push her nappy to its maximum capacity. Besides, she'd already told her mum that she would have breakfast first anyway, and, like Dan, she enjoyed trying to hold on for awhile if the situation allowed it and a wetting didn't matter.

A plan formed in her mind. She would try and hold on until after breakfast, then she would go and have a shower, but before she did, she would empty her bladder into her diaper again, then finish pleasuring herself in it first while she imagined Danny and her actually having sex. Even though they had discussed it numerous times, both agreeing that they wouldn't even do it until they were at least sixteen, the idea had been crossing her mind more and more lately, and she wondered if she could possibly wait for a year and a half for it to happen. She wanted to do it just soooo bad sometimes!

At the same time though, she was aware of the fact that she wasn't thinking clearly at the moment. She was mad at her mother, not only for the embarrassment of the last couple of days and the ensuing punishment that went with it, but for also just barging into her room without being invited, just as she was starting to build up to a nice orgasm. She felt a bit fuzzy headed, and was aware of a slight tummy ache, although thankfully not the sort of one that would result in a case of the runs, but just a mild discomfort, which she put down to having her building orgasm interrupted.

"I'll certainly take care of THAT in the shower," she said to herself as she left her room, vaguely aware of the lingering smell of pee that accompanied her as she headed towards the bathroom to wash her hands.

Breakfast was a simply a matter of soy milk and cornflakes with a glass of apple juice, and she ate in relative silence as Sonia outlined a list of chores for her to do. Admittedly there wasn't anything too strenuous listed, just boring housework duties. She would be vacuuming the whole house, cleaning her bathroom and mopping both that one and her mothers as well, comprehensively cleaning her room, doing laundry, and ironing a weeks worth of school uniforms. That was what she hated the most, ironing, but it wouldn't do any good to complain or try to get out of it, so she just muttered in agreeance as her tasks were outlined.

By the time her cereal was finished, her bladder was starting to send her some more urgent signals, although nothing too serious as of yet. She did find herself crossing her ankles underneath her chair and wriggling her bum a bit, just as she did at school if she needed to go but was still okay to hold on until the next break, and she did like the way that the wet nappy pressed and squished against her backside and her private bits, and although she kept answering her mother when necessary, she found her train of thought turning more and more into wetting herself once more, then giving herself a damn good washing with lots of slippery soap in the shower. She remembered really well what it had felt like when Dan had helped her to wash herself down there when they had showered together.

Dammit! Her mother was still droning on, and Amy's mind just wasn't with it this morning. She really did feel quite vague and disconnected, and her mood hadn't improved one iota since getting up. A couple of times she had found herself about to snap angrily or respond with sarcasm to Sonia's apparently never ending list of jobs, but, with great restraint, she was able to bite her tongue and stay quiet. After all, if she wanted her phone back before she turned eighteen or wanted to call Danny tonight she had better just shut up and listen, accepting whatever fate threw her way.

Damn! There was that stomach twinge again! Amy knew for a fact that she definitely didn't need to poop, and she didn't feel sick, but that ache was getting worse. She wondered perhaps if it might be signalling the onset of another bladder infection. She'd had those before, and they certainly weren't any fun at all, basically making her completely incontinent, with her already limited control basically gone altogether, reducing her to an almost baby like state where she just continually wet herself all day long, not even able to hold anything in for any longer than an hour or so. That of course just encouraged her nappy rash to play up, leaving her constantly wet, itchy, and sore. But no, it couldn't be a bladder infection, surely. After all, the fact that she was still successfully holding on now virtually disproved that.

Sonia had disappeared into the kitchen, and Amy looked up, making sure that she was alone. Bam! Another cramp hit her, still not bad, but certainly uncomfortable. All of a sudden she was starting to gather a vague idea about what may be happening, although it definitely wasn't anything that she had encountered before.

Still worried about the possibility of a bladder infection, she decided to experiment a bit first, before jumping to any conclusions. She lifted the front of her nightie up, staring at her swollen diaper, and bought her socked feet out from beneath her chair, pushing her legs out straight and opening them wider. Nope, no leaks, although her toes curled a bit as her control slipped a bit with her new seated position, and she had to suddenly clamp down with her holding muscles less she start leaking.

Still feeling fuzzy headed, and a touch nauseous, she decided to try and release a little squirt, simply to see if she could manage to stop or at least slow it when it happened. If she lost control altogether, that could be the sign of an infection brewing, if she still had her minimal control happening, then that would signal, well, the "other thing."

Amy briefly stood up, hitching her diaper up in the process, running her fingers around the leg guards, making sure that they were still fitted correctly, but bowing her legs a bit as she did, almost forcing a leak out as she stood there. Knowing that if she peed while standing then she would definitely lose control, she decided that being seated was a much safer idea, so she sat down again, perhaps a bit heavier than necessary, enjoying the way that her diaper squelched around her.

Once again she opened her legs, looked at her diaper and her feet, grinning a bit as she thought about how turned on Dan would be if he could see her, busting to pee, wearing a fully exposed and already wet diaper and little socks, about to wet herself yet again.

This time she didn't have to wait long. As soon as she stuck her feet out, a big squirt escaped, rewarming her cooling diaper once more. The squirt turned into a trickle when she didn't make any move to close her legs or tuck her feet away again, and for a few seconds she lost control, freely dribbling into her big night nappy. Using every ounce of self control, she gritted her teeth and clamped down hard, and was eventually able to stem the flow completely without having to cross her legs.

As the hot pee trickled down over her vagina, she shivered a bit with a combination of nervousness and pleasure, but ultimately relief as she was able to limit her loss of control before she flooded herself, perhaps overwhelming her diaper in the process. Sighing with relief, she shuddered again with the sudden temperature change in her body, but the fact that she had successfully stopped mid-pee had virtually eliminated the chance of her having picked up an infection.

But suddenly, another cramp gripped her tummy, and she screwed her eyes up tightly as another familiar warmth suddenly flowed into her diaper. A sticky, horrible warmth that was completely unlike the nice pee warmth that she had been enjoying up until now. It was a warmth that she had been steadily getting used to over the last couple of years, but the shock of it was still kind of big, and it caused her to let go of her conscious hold, and suddenly her bladder let go, and she sat there stunned, as her pee flooded into her nappy, mixing with the horrible stickiness that was enveloping her private parts.

Suddenly she let loose with an audible sob, and called out in a distressed voice as she completely wet herself.

"Mummy! Oh no mummy! I've just got my period! And I've wet myself....."

*615*2016-12-09 03:51

Chapter 59:

Amy did give herself a "damn good washing" in the shower, but took absolutely no pleasure out of it at all. Instead of playing with herself as planned, she just washed herself thoroughly front and back, feeling a slight sense of disgust as she did so.

Amy had been getting steadily used to her regular cycle as time went by, and after the first few times she had found it more of an inconvenience than anything else, and of course she was a long way past feeling any disgust about handling a wet nappy, but when you added the two together, well, let's just say that she found the combination quite distasteful.

"At least I know why I'm feeling off today," she told herself.

Amy dried off quickly, not liking being completely unprotected at any stage, but especially at this time of month. She hurriedly stepped into an adult pull up, adding a sanitary pad to the gusset before pulling it up firmly over her hips. When she had first gotten up, she had planned on wearing a big tape on nappy all day, and forgetting about using the toilet altogether except for pooping, but now her monthly visitor had arrived, her plan had abruptly changed. Simply put, she found that peeing in a blood stained diaper to be horrible, a view that had only been reinforced after removing her night nappy prior to her shower. She would wear a pad in her diaper, and make an extreme effort to not wet herself instead, as well as making sure that she also changed her napkin regularly.

There was nothing she could do about it, but it only added to her feeling of unease and irritation. At first she was kind of looking forward to offsetting the drudgery of her punishment by just allowing herself to wet freely all day, but now even that little pleasure had been taken away from her. The good thing about weekends was she didn't need to be so diligent about her toilet visits. All week at school she was almost constantly aware of how much she needed to pee at any given time, in fact, her entire school day was based around trying to keep her nappy dry. Of course she failed a few times a week, but she was so used to keeping a continuous gauge on her bladder that most days she was able to achieve her goal. But it did come at a cost.

Stress, and a lot of it for a hormonal teenager who was trying her hardest to live as normally as possible given her embarrassing condition.

Her mother realised this of course, and therefore was a lot more lax about her daughters toilet habits while at home. Sonia generally didn't care too much if Amy was a bit slack and chose to wet her diaper instead of stressing out about making it to the toilet whilst at home, although she expected her to make an effort in public if at all possible. As long as Amy changed regularly and kept herself clean, wetting herself at home wasn't considered a big deal, particularly if it kept her more relaxed.

But now, nature had taken over instead. So no phone, no going out, no Danny, a day of stupid old chores in front of her, and now she had the added hassle of maintaining a much stricter bathroom regime than she usually would have. Great.

She dressed frumpily, choosing an old pair of really baggy thick cotton shorts, almost like cut off sweatpants, and a short sleeved baggy pullover style t-shirt. Of course she put her socks back on as well, just because she new that Danny would approve if he was there to see her.

Then she started on her chores.

Poor Amys day just wasn't fantastic. She worried constantly about peeing into her menstrual pad and making a yucky mess, so she forced herself to make constant toilet stops all day, changing her pad frequently so if she did have an accident, it wouldn't be a complete mess. By mid afternoon she had completed most of her chores, but she had a headache, a tummy ache, a back ache, and felt completely miserable and irritable, although she managed to keep her temper in check and not snap at her mum. But it was the first weekend in a long, long time where she didn't wet herself at least once, not even a little bit.

At 3:30 Sonia noticed how her daughter had a tear running down her face as she was folding the laundry.

"What's up baby? You okay?"

Amy sniffed, a wet, hitching, snuffling sound emanating out before she answered. "I s'pose so. I just don't feel good mum. Everything's aching, and I keep on running to the loo even if I don't need to go. I'm sick of it."

Sonia wrapped her daughter up in a hug. "Alright baby girl. I guess you've done enough for one day. Why don't you go and lie down for a while. Take an aspirin first, then have a nap."

Amy had never felt so grateful about being sent for a nap in her life. She hugged her mother tightly, then for absolutely no reason, thought that she was about to burst into tears, so she hurried away to the bathroom where she took some aspirin, tried yet again to pee, then went to her room feeling completely exhausted.

Wasting no time at all, she kicked her pants off, and removed her shirt, reaching hurriedly for her nightie again. She would've normally stood in front of the mirror for at least a few seconds, enjoying her topless diapered reflection, and giving herself the all important teenage inspection in the mirror, but not today. Today she felt bloated, ill, and completely unattractive, and the sight of her reflection wearing only her ankle socks and nappy almost disgusted her, especially when she thought about what had been going on inside her nappy all day, so shuddering with distaste, she wasted no time at all in putting her nightie on and laying on top of her bed.

Reaching for her bedside drawer, she pulled her pink pacifier out, feeling how the tension seemed to flow from her body as she sucked fiercely on it. Her body automatically loosened its grip on her bladder, just as it always did when she sucked her thumb, but this time it had no pee to release, for which she was entirely thankful.

Her thoughts again turned to Dan, and she felt herself drifting off to sleep, wondering just what he was doing at that moment, and wondering if he had indeed started using his dummy in front of Sue. She highly doubted it though. At one stage she tweaked her nipples, lazily contemplating finishing off what she had started earlier, but by now she just couldn't be bothered, her morning horniness now well and truly forgotten.

When she felt sleep wrapping its tender embrace around her, she didn't fight it at all, just cuddled her teddy bear a bit tighter, wriggled her still dry diapered butt contentedly for a moment against her blanket, and with a few sucks on her pacifier, and just nice, innocent thoughts about holding hands with Dan, she drifted off into a dreamless sleep.

Sonia waited for 15 minutes, then tiptoed down the hallway to Amy's room, where she slowly and quietly cracked the door open, glancing quickly inside. In the dim light she saw her daughters back, as she was curled up into a tight ball facing away from the door. All Sonia could see was the back of her daughters head, and her blue socks tucked up underneath her thickly diapered butt, as her nightdress had ridden up above her hips. If she had walked into the room fully, and glanced around the other side of the bed, she would no doubt have been surprised to find a bright pink pacifier sticking out of her teenagers mouth, but thankfully for Amy's sake, she didn't do that.

Sighing with relief that Amy was going to be out of the way for at least a while yet, Sonia hurried back to the lounge room and retrieved her cigarettes from her bag. Ever since the other night she had been trying her hardest to cut right down, with quitting altogether being the desired end goal. But putting up with a grumpy, menstrating teenage girl, even one trying her hardest to be on her best behaviour was a trying thing at the best of times, and Sonia had been dying for a smoke all day.

She poured herself a small glass of wine and stepped outside, shutting the door behind her before making herself comfortable at the outdoor table and lighting up with a slightly shaking hand.

By the time she was halfway through her cigarette, she had drunk half of her wine already, but was feeling the most relaxed that she had done all day. She fished her phone out of her jeans, and called Sue, dragging deeply on her smoke as she waited for her friend to answer, which didn't take long.

"Sonia darling! How are you? What's happening?" Sue answered brightly.

"Not much dear. Amy's not feeling the best, so she's having a little nap, so I thought I'd take the opportunity to sneak a quick fag in and call you. God! I feel like I'm a kid myself sneaking around behind the gym at school to have a smoke! It's terrible! What're you up to?"

Sue laughed brightly. "Believe it or not, I'm doing the exact same thing, but I'm in the front yard while Danny's playing in the pool. Thought I might be able to sneak one in without him seeing me!"

"Oh my God!" Sonia exclaimed. "What's become of us? Now we're the ones sneaking around smoking behind their backs! It's fucking terrible!" She peeled off into a fit of laughter, the wine and smoke making her feel a bit lightheaded, and Sues laughter over the phone certainly wasn't helping.

Eventually their laughter dwindled out, and Sue was able to ask exactly why Sonia had been calling.

"Well, we were talking before about maybe taking the little lovebirds out for brunch tomorrow if they behaved? I don't know how your little angel has been, but Amy's been a real trooper about it. Poor thing got her period this morning, and the first day always hits her hard. She has gut aches, headaches, and just feels really miserable, and today's been no different. But even with that, she's been working hard all day, and hasn't even gotten snappy like she usually does. I know from experience that the first days always the worst for her, and by tomorrow she'll be a lot better, but it really knocks her around at first. How's Danny been today?"

"Oh Son, he's been really good! I think that's why I feel so bad for sneaking around behind his back for a smoke! For Christs sake! I'm his bloody mother, but I feel so guilty at the moment. Stupid, isn't it?"

"I know exactly what you mean darling. I'm the same over here trust me! That's why I thought I'd call you. What do you say, late breakfast tomorrow with the kids? I think they've suffered enough by now, and if they have a little play date tomorrow it might mean that at least their whole weekend won't be ruined. Remember they'll be going back to school on Monday, and they are only kids, regardless of what they might think they are sometimes! It might just salvage something out of a shitty weekend for them, even if they did deserve it."

Sue sighed with relief. It was great to know that her best friend was having the same thoughts as what she was. Danny had always been a good kid, and having to punish him was almost as hard on her as it had been for him. It would be nice to just put this whole incident behind them, and move on, which she explained to Sonia, who agreed wholeheartedly.

"Tell you what," Sonia said. "Let's go down to Rockingham for an early lunch. We won't tell the kids what we're up to, and they can get a nice surprise out of having a little date! It's supposed to be a nice day, so they might even be able to have a quick swim as well if they want too. There's that really nice little cafe strip along there, so we can chill out over a glass of wine while they have some alone time! What do you reckon?"

"It sounds great to me, but I shudder to think what Dans reaction will be if suggest me taking him to the beach for a swim! He'll probably squirm with embarrassment! He's much to old to go to the beach with his mum you know! At least that's what he tells me, anyway. And what about Amy? Will she want to swim in her condition?"

Sonia laughed. "Amy will be fine. Trust me! She can use a tampon and wear a swim diaper. It wouldn't be the first time. Just suggest that your boy wears his boardies 'just in case.' I'm sure he'll thank you afterwards!"

Plans made, they agreed to keep it a secret from their kids, and Sonia told her friend that Amy would probably ring Dan later, but wouldn't be aware of their plans.

Hopefully things would start going back to normal tomorrow.

*619*2016-12-12 02:41

Chapter 60:

For the second morning in a row, Dan woke up dry. This of course put him in a good mood from the very moment he opened his eyes. He needed to go of course, but he wasn't even overly desperate. That in itself was rather incredible, he thought, considering how much he'd had to drink while doing his chores yesterday.

It had been a rather warm night, so he'd chosen to wear his short cotton summer pyjamas instead of his long ones. They were light green in colour, and he'd learned the hard way before just how easily that they showed off any leaks he might have. He was wearing black ankle socks and a big tape on diaper (of course) and he stretched out luxuriously in bed, curling his toes and liking the way his warm, puffy, but ultimately still dry nappy felt as it rubbed against him.

His bladder twinged ever so slightly as he stretched, so he quickly put a stop to that, but he continued to marvel at the fact the he was still dry. Of course two dry nights in a row weren't particularly rare at all, but after his big day of drinking and holding yesterday, he wouldn't have been in the slightest bit surprised if his tired and stretched bladder muscles had betrayed him while he slept. Groggy but awake, he allowed himself to reminisce about the events of the previous day and evening.

He guessed that even after his big drink and hold play, he did after all manage to empty himself out very thoroughly. He had wet himself a bit while washing the car, then again before getting into the pool. The water had still been coolish despite the solar blankets gentle heating, and within ten minutes he'd felt the urge to pee again. He had clambered out onto the deck, checking to see if he was still alone, which he was, but he could hear his mothers indistinct voice occasionally drifting towards him, although he had no idea what she was saying. It sounded like she was talking on her phone, probably from the front or side of the house, but at least it meant she wouldn't be disturbing him anytime soon.

Seizing the opportunity, he grabbed his penis through his shorts, shivering a bit with the cold, thinking that it was now actually warmer in the water now he'd acclimatised, and he hadn't even had to push, just spread his legs a bit, and suddenly he was peeing into his hand as his cock started to grow stiff, and the hot urine ran freely down his legs, causing goose pimples to appear out of nowhere. He stayed in the pool for another twenty minutes, but made absolutely no effort to contain his urine at all, and he was rewarded by feeling an occasional warmth around his balls, sometimes not even being aware that it was going to happen until it did.

He leaked a bit more as he stood shivering and dripping on the pool deck as he cranked the handle to wind the blanket back over the pool once more, but by that stage it was more of a few errant drops than anything else.

It was kind of scary though. His bladder must've been totally empty, with only the last vestiges of urine filtering through from his kidneys, but as he trembled with the cold, his control had seemed to be completely gone. It was like his bladder wasn't even there anymore, and he kept dripping into his wet shorts.

He had towelled himself dry, well, nearly dry anyway, and hurried up to his bathroom where he had enjoyed a long hot shower. Thankfully within a couple of minutes he started to feel more normal again, and his control returned, at least to its more normal lacklustre state.

While he would normally choose to spend a bit more time undiapered, he decided that it might just be a bit too risky, but he didn't want to be trapped inside a tape on either, wanting to be able to use the toilet whenever necessary. His mother was becoming a bit too suspicious about his diaper use at home, so it was time to play it safe and use the toilet like a big boy if he could manage to do so.

At first he had gone straight for an adult pull up, but then he remembered the new Goodnights design that his mother had recently bought. Same product, but instead of the usual childish pictures of racing cars, they appeared to have a green camouflage design on them. He opened the package and pulled one out, drawing in his breath in an expression of delight as he held it up, turning it around in his hands to look at it from every angle. He stepped into it, pulled it up to his waist and admired his reflection in the mirror.

"This is what Rambo would wear if he needed diapers!" Dan said to himself out loud, blushing a bit when he realised he'd actually spoken the words.

He didn't know why, but he had liked them immediately. They were only "kiddie pull ups" after all, and wouldn't be anywhere near as effective as the grownup ones, but he liked the design. His regular racing car design looked very childish, and admittedly they were designed more for younger children. In fact, over the last few months he had noticed that they were getting tighter on him. He could still comfortably wear them, but probably not for much longer.

When his mum had first bought him the grownup products a few weeks back, the first thing he'd noticed was how much thicker they were. The second thing had been how comfortable they were. But the third thing had been how bulky and "old-personish" they were.

It wasn't an easy thing for the boy to put into words, or even get his head around, and he couldn't quite explain it properly to himself, let alone his mother, but he felt equal parts attraction and repulsion towards all of his incontinence products. He liked how he could hide his Goodnight underneath his school uniform and onesie, but the kiddie style pictures made him feel like a little baby. But sometimes that's exactly how he actually wanted to feel though, but not always. Plus, he couldn't fully trust them not to leak anymore now he was getting much bigger.

On the other hand, the larger, adult products offered him a much higher level of protection, making him feel a lot safer and secure. It was nice to know if he was out in public and got caught out with a bursting bladder, he could safely wet himself and no one else would know. He particularly liked Amy's idea of pre-emptive strikes, and being able to safely maintain at least some control over a situation that he occasionally had no control over. Also, it was great to wake up with dry sheets, even if his diaper was soaked. Not having to do the walk of shame to the laundry while carrying the evidence of his latest mishap was almost priceless.

But while the grownup products were more effective, and didn't make him feel as childish, they did make him feel like an invalid. They were super thick, plain white, and looked like something that a hundred year old grandma might wear.

"If only I could get this design on the Molicare pull ups," he thought ruefully.

Happy with his new camo pull ups, he had at first put his footie pyjamas on, but after awhile he had started to sweat, so had changed into his green shortie jammies instead, but had added the necessary socks that he liked to sleep in.

For the rest of the evening he had played in his room, being extremely vigilant about pausing his game and going to the toilet as soon as he had needed to. By the time he'd switched his PS off, his Goodnight was still dry, and he was quite proud of himself as he changed into his night nappy, fully expecting to wake up wet.

Dan wasn't even aware of the big grin that was spread across his boyish features as he lay back, feeling a sense of pride in the fact that he had woken up dry, enjoying the fact that he had managed to stay in control as he slept. But a sudden weakening sensation from his bladder soon had him almost jumping out of bed and hurrying to the toilet, where he managed to remove his big diaper and sit down just in time.

After he washed his hands, he wasted no time in putting his big diaper away for later use, then putting on his camouflage pull up again, pausing to admire his reflection for a moment before pulling his little pyjama shorts back up.

Laying back on his bed again, his thoughts turned to Amy. She had sounded so miserable on the phone last night. She hadn't been feeling well, and had confided to him in whispered tones that she had gotten her period, and how it always made her feel yucky at first. Dan only had a very basic teenage boy's understanding of exactly what having a period entailed, but he was well aware of what doing stuff uncontrollably in your pants was like, so he had no trouble at all in offering her his genuine sympathy.

Sighing to himself, he wondered exactly how much more his mother was going to keep his punishment up for. Of course he had asked her last night, but she had been noncommittal about it, just telling him to wait and see. But at least she had told him that if he continued to be a good kid he would be getting his phone back by tonight, and he'd be allowed to call Amy again later.

Putting on a brave face, he got up and headed downstairs, waiting to see exactly what his mother had in store for him today.

*621*2016-12-14 22:29

Chapter 61:

Sue greeted her tossle headed son as he entered the kitchen.

"Morning sweetheart, sleep well? I think we'll really have to book you in for a haircut this week! Look at you!"

This was another minor bone of contention between them, as Dan liked his hair worn a bit longer, and they always disagreed about the appropriate length. His brown hair was currently longer than it had ever been, and he always wanted it longer, much to his mothers chagrin. Deciding it was too early to start an argument, he chose to just grunt and shrug his shoulders non-commitably.

Dan bent over to take a bowl from the lower cupboard, and his thin little shorts stretched tightly over his diapered butt, and Sue could clearly see the outline through the thin cotton, and immediately noticed that he wasn't wearing his regular thick night nappy.

"You look like you've changed your sleep pants mate? Did you wet last night?"

He sighed, albeit quietly. He'd been in the kitchen for ten seconds, and already his mum was harping on his hair and asking about his bed wetting. This had all the hallmarks of being a long day already.

"No mum. That's two days in a row now I haven't wet in my sleep." He tried to sound casual, but was a bit disgusted with himself at the sound of pride he detected in his voice. For the millionth time he found himself wishing that waking up dry was a normal occurrence, and nothing special to brag about.

"But you've changed your nappy mate. Why? It's not like you to just do that for no reason. What is it you're wearing? Is it one of those new Goodnights I bought you?"

Dan felt himself blushing. Another embarrassing diaper conversation was about to start.

"Yeah mum. I put one one last night, and I guess I kinda liked the new design. My night diaper was dry this morning, but when I took it off to go to the toilet, I kinda decided to put the pull up back on. Just in case ya know?" He hastily added, feeling the heat radiating from his cheeks.

Sue smiled, she couldn't help but find his embarrassment rather cute.

"Well, give me a look at them then! I thought you might like some army pull ups."

Dan was horrified. "Yewww! Mum! No way!"

"Oh come on Daniel, don't be stupid. It's not like I don't see you in a nappy nearly every day! I just want to have a look at you wearing the new ones. Come on, just turn around and show me the back of it, I don't expect you to take your pants off or anything!"

Knowing he was defeated, and trying his hardest not to cause any trouble, he sighed and turned his back toward his mother. She couldn't see the grimace on his face as he hooked his thumbs into the waistband of his pyjama shorts, and slid them down below his butt, exposing his camouflage pull ups back area to her.

"Oh Danny! I can see why you like them. They are rather cute, aren't they?"

"Muuummmm!" Daniel groaned loudly, pulling his pants back up as fast as he could and swivelling around again, only to be greeted by Sues grinning face.

Suddenly it dawned on him. She was just teasing him harmlessly, enjoying his obvious discomfort. Before he had a chance to speak, she exploded with laughter.

"Oh Danny! I'm sorry, but you should see your face!"

He tried hard to look indignant, but failed miserably. His mothers laughter was infectious, and he had to admit that she had got him a good one. He'd actually thought that she was interested in his diapers, but she had only been joking with him, and had convinced him to expose his butt.

"Jeez mum. You really know how to make a guy uncomfortable, ya know?" Dan replied, but try as he might, he couldn't stop himself from grinning along with her.

Knowing that a cooked breakfast on a Sunday morning was the usual thing, Dan hesitated before grabbing the cereal. His mum didn't appear to be in the process of cooking anything, but he thought that he'd better check first.

"Do I have cereal today mum, or are you cooking something?"

"No mate. Not today. Just have a light breakfast for now. I actually had a bit of an idea. How about we go out for a late brekky/early lunch type thing? I thought we might go for a drive down to Rockingham. You can have a swim at the beach as well!"

Dan was a bit hesitant at first. The idea of not only getting out of the house at last, but also being shouted a nice cooked meal was extremely tempting, but he was at that age where he didn't particularly feel comfortable being seen out and about with his mother in public. Especially at the beach. He knew from past experience that she wouldn't let him just go onto the beach by himself, but would sit on the sand while he swam, making him feel like a little kid who needed looking after. If any of his friends should see him being babysat...... But on the other hand, he wasn't likely to run into anybody he knew in Rockingham.

Hesitatingly he ventured an idea of his own. "Brekky sounds good mum, but I dunno about the beach. How about we come home after, and maybe you let me go to Amy's instead? Or she could come here perhaps? Please?"

"Sorry mate," Sue replied with a shake of her head, "I spoke to Sonia yesterday, and she and Amy are going out somewhere together today. It'll just be you and I kiddo. Besides, you still haven't finished your chores yet!"

"Ohhh muummm! Come on! I like did chores all day yesterday for you! Haven't I finished yet?" Dan said pleadingly.

"Not yet buddy, and I don't want you whinging about it either. I've got one more job for you, then your punishment is officially done. I want you to clean your bathroom. That means emptying your nappy bin, scrubbing the toilet, and the shower base as well."

"Oh come on mum! Be fair! Not the bloody toilet!"

"Language Daniel," she replied in a warning tone. However she knew how much he hated cleaning the toilet and shower, so his objection wasn't a surprise to her. "That's it. Last job. It'll take you ten minutes, then you're officially off the hook. Finish your Cornflakes and get it over with, then pack a towel and a change of clothes, and don't forget some spare diapers."

"Like I ever could forget my diapers," he muttered angrily, but knew that arguing was pointless, so he finished his cereal, rinsed his bowl and empty juice glass, and plodded slowly upstairs to finally finish his punishment.

Scrubbing the toilet always made him feel somehow dirty, and he decided he'd have a quick shower when he'd finished cleaning it. By now, he could feel himself almost needing to pee again, and he stripped off his pyjamas and socks, and stood in front of his mirror, once again admiring his new pull ups. Suddenly he felt like wetting himself. Not because he was desperate, he just simply wanted to. It occurred to him that he actually hadn't done a wee in a diaper of any sort all weekend. He didn't count his fun in his shorts the previous day in the same category. As strange as it seemed, he kind of missed it a bit. He certainly didn't enjoy having uncontrollable accidents, but wetting for fun was an entirely different thing. For a few seconds he studied his reflection in the mirror, and was extremely tempted to pee in it, just because he wanted too.

But he soon discounted that idea. He'd been making an effort to cut down on his deliberate diaper wetting as he suspected that his mother was becoming aware of the fact that his accidents weren't always accidents, and he really didn't want to have that conversation with her. He squeezed the front of his pull up, squirming on the spot for a moment, as he pretended to be more desperate than what he really was, then he had an idea.

He hurried over to his chest of drawers, and dug around for a moment, finding what he was looking for, a pair of grey briefs. He didn't wear briefs very often these days, as they couldn't disguise his diapers as well as boxer shorts could. But right now, they would suit his plans perfectly.

Wearing only his briefs, he took the toilet cleaner out from underneath his sink, squirting a generous amount around the bowl, then doing the same thing in his shower.

Taking a deep breath, (even though his toilet was almost spotlessly clean anyway,) he got to work with the toilet brush, trying to give the bowl and rim a good scrubbing. As he scrubbed, he consciously let go of his bladder, counting quietly to himself as he felt his control slipping, discovering he could count to 6 before he had to clench up again and prevent himself from leaking. After a few seconds, he did it again, this time only getting to 4. The next release was only very quick, and he had to clamp down almost as soon as he'd relaxed.

When he'd finished the toilet and stood up, he gave himself a quick squeeze, and was surprised to find a wet spot on his briefs, as he was sure that he hadn't leaked at all. Pulling his fingers away, he saw how some of the wetness stuck to his fingers, and felt a bit slimier than pee. A quick inspection revealed it to be pre-cum, and he realised then just how turned on he was getting.

Before starting on the shower base, he stood on a floor towel, stared at the wet spot on his grey briefs and let go again, watching as the small wet spot that was only an inch across suddenly blossomed, and an arc of pee shot through the cotton, making a circle the size of a tennis ball on his underpants. It actually took a few seconds to regain control, and by the time he did, he was peeing through his undies into the shower, and had pee running down both legs and over his feet onto the towel. He quickly wiped his legs and feet dry, then padded back into his room to look at his reflection once more.

The sight of the now saturated dark grey cotton clinging to his shaft excited him, somehow exaggerating the feeling of warm wetness around his balls, and soon his boyhood went so stiff, that it threatened to stick out of his waistband. He satisfied himself with a quick rub of his dick through the wet fabric, then hurried back into the bathroom to scrub the shower base.

Kneeling down on the floor seemed to exaggerate his need somewhat, and he suddenly lost control a bit, just as he had done while washing the wheels on the car yesterday, but this time he didn't try as hard to pull his pants down, choosing instead to enjoy the flowing warmth that was completely soaking his briefs and streaming down his legs, making a big wet spot around each of his knees, while a stream pattered down from his crotch, making a big wet patch of its own on the towel, and after a few seconds the three single wet spots merged into one, as his control left him altogether, and he completely wet his pants.

As he did this, he never stopped scrubbing, and he could feel his penis getting harder and harder as his urine finally trickled to a stop. He felt guilty when he had finally finished, and looked on with a slight touch of shame at the sodden towel on the floor, wondering what he should do with it, but the feeling of arousal was a lot stronger that his guilt, and he wasted no time thinking about it, choosing to step into the shower instead, where he reached inside his dripping underwear and took himself with his hand, pulling firmly at his stiff member for only a few seconds before the tingling sensation that he enjoyed so much suddenly hit him, and, as his thoughts turned to Amy, and how they liked to wet together, his throbbing boyhood ejaculated it's sticky load into his hand and pants at the same time.

He was delighted to discover that cleaning up wasn't that difficult. He simply wore his briefs while he showered, washing them with soap, and rinsing the wet towel out as well. He left the towel to drip dry from the shower head when he'd finished, confident that his mother would never see it. Even if she did, it could be explained away easily enough. She would assume that he had probably just used it to wipe the shower out with after all.

Dan hid his wet underwear in his box of Lego, and dressed again. He briefly contemplated putting on a big pull up, but quickly dismissed it, simply because he was quite enraptured with his new Goodnights. So he put the same one on again, and selected another pair of black shorts to wear, along with boxers, based on the fact that if he did have an accident and sprung a leak, the wet patch wouldn't be very visible. A white t-shirt and his flip flops completed his ensemble. He really didn't expect that he would end up going swimming, it was just too embarrassing having his mum take him to the beach like a little kid, but it was better to be prepared, so he packed his backpack with a change of clothes, a towel, along with a spare pull up of each variety.

By 10:00am they were in the car and heading south. The drive took about 45 minutes to get there, and while their conversation was amicable, it was fairly minimal. Dan was pleased to be out of the house and was hoping to salvage something out of this disastrous weekend, but wasn't entirely comfortable about being out with his mother. Kids his age were more at ease with their friends, and he felt a bit self conscious about being seen walking around with his mum like a little kid.

Rockingham is a large coastal suburb, built around the tri-bay area, with a coastline of beautiful beaches stretching around three bays which run for miles. The main cafe strip runs along a huge grass foreshore strip, and running parallel to the grass reserve is a series of cafes, restaurants, shops, bakeries, wine bars, take-aways, and ice cream shops.

Sue drove down the cafe strip, noticing Sonia's car as she drove past, and prayed to herself that Dan wouldn't notice it, and she parked a bit further down the road. Her prayers were answered, as Danny didn't pay any attention to it as they drove past, nor as they walked back on the opposite side of the road.

The cafes and eateries were doing a roaring trade as people sat at tables both indoors and outdoors, enjoying the food, and the delicious aroma of freshly brewed coffee filled the air. Sue had booked an outside table for 4 people at Sams, a popular cafe with some alfresco tables set up behind barricades on the wide footpath, and she was pleased when the waiter didn't actually point out that a table for four had been booked, but just welcomed the pair with a smile and had them seated.

Dan immediately busied himself with a menu, not only because he was hungry, but also in an effort to stave off conversation with his mother, and Sues heart rate quickened as she looked over his shoulder, and saw Sonia and Amy walking across the grass foreshore area from the direction of the toilet blocks. Sonia spotted them, and she was walking slightly behind Amy, who had her head down, not really looking at anything around her, and she snuck a discreet wave at her friend as they waited to cross the road.

"See anything you like mate?" Sue asked Daniel casually as he perused the menu with an intensity more befitting of a lawyer studying important evidence before a big trial, than a teenager selecting food. Dans reply was non-committal, and he didn't even glance up from the menu.

Sue was watching Sonia and Amy as they waited to cross the road. Sonia winked at her, but Amy had ear buds in, and was fiddling around with her MP3 player, a slight scowl on her face, not really paying much attention to her surroundings. Suddenly a break in the traffic opened up, and Sonia grabbed her daughters arm and ushered her across the road and towards the table. The two grownups now openly smiled and waved at each other as the distance between them closed, but the kids remained blissfully unaware of what was going on.

It wasn't till mother and daughter were standing directly behind Danny's chair that he realised that something was going on, having seen his mother smiling broadly at somebody apparently behind him, at about the same time that Amy, knowing that they must've arrived at their destination started taking in the surroundings, and noticed Sue at first, then the back of a familiar shaggy brown head. She ripped the ear buds from her ears, and squealed "DANNY!" as the boy was swivelling around to see who was behind him.

At the sound of her voice, he turned quickly, and squealed in a voice even higher pitched than hers, "AMES!"

He jumped up so quickly that he almost knocked his chair over, and their usual reluctance to show too much physical contact around their parents was forgotten, as they hugged each other fiercely.

Some other patrons in the cafe looked over at the commotion, a few just ignoring it and returning to their meals, but a few grinning at the sight of the two young teenagers wrapping their arms around each other in a strong embrace while their parents looked on. These patrons must've thought that the two little lovebirds hadn't seen each other for two and a half years, not two and a half days.

Their hug was brief but strong, and by the time the seated themselves beside each other at the table, they were holding each other's hands tightly, almost afraid to let go, and Amy's mascara was smudged as a dirty tear ran down her cheek.

But even with the evidence of a tear, there was no mistaking the sudden happiness radiating from the two young kids. Dan was shamefully aware that his pull up suddenly felt a tiny bit warm, but even the knowledge that he'd wet himself a little bit couldn't take the joy out of the situation.

They were back together again, and suddenly the day grew larger with possibilities.

*624*2016-12-15 13:11

Update and stats:

I just wanted to say once again to everyone who has commented so nicely with feedback, thanks very much, I truly appreciate it. I only hope you continue to enjoy reading it as much as I do writing it.

The "problem" is, I was starting to lose track of the timeline, as this has been going on so long. The chapters sometimes take so long, as in multiple chapters, to describe what's going on in a single day.

I started wondering to myself when Peter, Dans dad was due back, as it seemed so long since he was here. He works a 2 and 6 roster, meaning he's away for 6 weeks, then home for 2. I was starting to think it must be getting close to him coming home again, so I thought I'd work it out.

Now, for regular, long time readers, how much time do you think has passed in D & A land? No cheating, but how long have these kids been doing this? It seems like forever!

I thought I'd go through and check..... The results might surprise you.

I started this on March 25 this year, (2016)

So far, there's 3 parts. 73 chapters, 36 chapters, and then 61 chapters and building for a total of 170. (Plus the extra "plot twist" one that we all ignore and pretend never happened!)

Put this into perspective.

We met Dan on a Friday.

He met Amy the next day, Saturday. They had their first sleepover that weekend.

The next week, I killed Amy. But being the compassionate God that I am, I bought her back to life, and the kids had their second sleepover a week later, going to the beach and movies, and meeting Troy.

The next day, Monday, we met Nikki, and Peter on Wednesday.

That Sunday was Adventure World, 15 days after they met.

Pete left 10 days later, and they hung out with Nikki again that weekend.

Following Thursday, confession time to his friends about his diapers and bed wetting, and getting sprung for smoking.

2 days of punishment, and now it's Sunday again, and our favourite couple have been reunited.

The fucking story is only 37 days old, and they've known each other for 36 of them.

Shit!

We haven't even been to camp yet!

On a serious note, this is why I was tempted to end it a while ago. It's not that I don't enjoy writing it. I do! I love it!

But I'm a long way into a story that's only a freaking month old on paper!

Ive got no plans to finish it until at least after the camping trip, but when you think of what 300 000+ words could've potentially achieved, and you get a story about two horny kids pissing themselves instead.....

Anyway, I was just blown away when I worked out how little has really gone on in a short space of time that took so many words to explain.

But, fuck it. I'm still getting a huge kick out of writing it, and some still appear to be reading it, which I actually find touching, so thank you!

If you're one of the few who were actively reading and commenting a while ago, don't be afraid to drop a comment in and let me know you're still reading it. My ego could use a boost occasionally!

I might be a few days from posting here next, as I think I owe my "Gemma" story a continuation. That's a damn sight closer to completion than this biblical sized monstrosity!

Thanks again guys and girls, it feels nice to get such good feedback.

(*pulls the likes fishing rod out and casts...)

&&

