Mission at the Docks: A Soul Eater Fanfic

Author: heartkitten13

*000*2013-06-25 06:50

Hi This is my first story, so tell me if you guys like it. This takes place between episodes 13 and 14. With that said, lets begin.

The docks were completely silent. It was almost three A.M. as meister Maka Albarn, along with her partner, Soul Eater Evans, watched the docks from the rooftops.

“So Maka, what was this guy’s name again?” Soul asked his partner.

“They call this guy Davy Jones,” Maka said. “Lord Death said that he’s a pirate, sailing the seas in search of souls.”

Soul noticed that Maka looked distracted. The was usually so focus. Soul was about to ask, but Maka continued.

“Since he has been loose for a while, we have reason to believe that he is close to becoming a Keshin. We have to be ready,” she ended, but she still seemed off. Soul decided to ask.

“Maka, is something off?” He asked.

“No, nothing is off. I’m fine,” she laughed awkwardly.

“C’mon Maka, I’m your partner. You can tell me anything.”

“Fine. The truth is...” she paused.

“Yes....”

“I REALLY HAVE TO PEE!” she whined, shaking. “I forgot to go to the bathroom before we left, and I really have to go.”

Soul tried not to laugh.

“Well, we have a minute. Just go,” he was partially worried about her fighting ability being impaired by having a full bladder, but Soul also wanted to see her pee. She was never as easy to get a glimpse of as Blair. Then again, Blair left the door open every time.

“HELL NO,” Maka shouted, “I'M NOT GONNA JUST PISS ON THE ROOF.”

Soul sighed, but saw something running of the docks.

“Get down,” Soul whispered to Maka. “Get down.”

They lied flat on the roof and watched the docks. They saw a man running from the right of the docks, apparently not hearing them and seemingly running from something. Or someone. From nowhere, a being appeared in front of him. The man was tall, about six and a half feet. He wore slacks, and a large, black coat, covering a grey shirt. He also wore a tri-brimmed hat, which covered his face. He also wore a large black boot. His other leg was a wooden peg. He held a cutlass, which he used to cut the man in front of him in half. The man fell apart, leaving only his soul. The figure grabbed the man’s soul, and devoured it.

“That’s him, lets get him.” Maka said, jumping off the roof. When she hit the ground, the blow went straight to her bladder, making her slightly more desperate. She ignored it, and pointed an accusing finger at the man a few feet in front of her.

“Davy Jones!” she said, as Soul landed next to her. “Your rampage has lasted long enough. We are here to end it. Soul, if you would.”

“Of course,” he said as he transformed into a scythe.

“Now, PREPARE TO DIE!” Maka yelled.

“Arrrggggg,” Jones said, “Ye talk big, lassie, but lets see if you can live up to those words.” From his coat, he pulled a flintlock pistol and fired it at Maka. She blocked the shot with Soul’s edge, cutting the round in half, but knocking Maka back a few feet. The blunt of the impact, however, went to Maka’s bladder, making her desperate. She shrugged the hit off, and charged, getting close enough to Jones and swung, aiming for Jones’ head. He blocked the hit with his hand, then delivered a swift kick directly to Maka’s lower chest, sending her into the air. In mid-air, Maka slightly lost control, releasing a spurt of pee into her panties. She quickly took control back, but hit the ground and lost control again, but regained control before more than a drop was let out. She got up, and looked down quickly. Her skirt was still dry, so she paid it no attention.

“Are you ok, Maka?” Soul asked.

“I’m fine,” She responded. “What about you.”

“I’m ok, but he’s coming.”

Maka looked up to see Jones rushing at her, cutlass raised to attack. She blocked the hit, but was knocked back another few feet. Another spurt hit her panties.

Damn, he’s tough.

“Aww, lassie. Too weak to fight back?” Jones laughed, and slashed again. This time, Maka dodged the attack, going under the hit and stabbing Jones in his side. She turned around and faced Jones once again. He turned to face her, with another flintlock in his hand. He fired at Maka, hitting her shoulder, not penetrating skin, but hurting her none the less. She gripped her arm in pain, losing control of her bladder longer this time. Her panting leaked slightly, a few drops hitting the ground below her.

“Soul,” she squeaked. “We have to use Witch Hunter.”

“Lets do it,” Soul responded.

“LETS GO: SOUL RESONANCE,” the two shouted. Despite Maka’s lack of focus, the two’s souls connected.

“Now for the legendary skill of the scythe meister. WITCH HUNTER,” Soul transformed into Witch Hunter, and Maka swung downward at Jones. He tried blocking the attack with his blade, but Witch Hunter cut through the blade, and Jones, cutting him in half. He then fell apart, revealing his soul, a kishin egg. Soul transformed back into his human form, walking up to the soul, and swallowed it whole.

“Another excellent meal, thank you Maka.” He then looked back to her meister, but was surprised at what he saw. Maka squatted on the ground, urine flowing out of her panties and onto her skirt and the ground. Maka sighed in relief, but looked up to see Soul staring at her. Before he knew it, Maka had uppercutted him, sending him into the ocean.

“TELL ANYONE ABOUT THIS, SOUL, AND NO ONE WILL EVER FIND YOUR BODY!” she yelled. She emptied one last spurt of pee into her panties, and was empty. She felt her panties were completely soaked, and the front and back of her skirt showed, dripping as well. Soul climbed out of the water, soaked as well, only with water.

“WHAT THE HELL, MAKA, IT’S NOT MY FAULT YOU PISSED YOURSELF!” He yelled.

“Never mind.” She sighed. “Lets just go home. I need to change.”

