The desperate holiday

Author: Blossom

*000*2012-06-09 21:53

This is my first attempt at an omorashi story, I'm not a professional writer, and I'm typing this as it comes to me, so please don't be too critical!

The story is about a young couple who are on their first holiday together, but the mix of sun, thirst quenching drinks and a strange environment leads to one thing=desperate times!

Here goes...

Amy and Josh jumped from the bus onto the dusty path excitedly. This was their first holiday and they planned to make the most of it. The sun was beating down, scorching their skin despite the sun lotion Amy had applied to the both of them before they left the hotel.

They had been dating for nearly a year now, and had been pretty much inseparable and they told each other everything...Well, nearly everything. Josh hadn't revealed his love of Omorashi to Amy. He worried that she'd think he was weird, and might even dump him if he told her. He hadn't even realised that it was popular, growing up he'd thought he was the only one to like that stuff. Brushing a hand across his forehead he paused to let Amy get ahead of him, all the better to check out that sweet ass of hers in those denim shorts-and boy, were they short!

'Josh, what are you doing? Hurry up, I'm sweating like a pig here!' Amy had turned around when she noticed that Josh was no longer beside her. She pulled her cinnamon coloured hair away from her face into a ponytail while she waited for Josh to catch up.

They were going to do some sightseeing around the town and then walk into the countryside a way to view some Roman ruins.

They had been walking for some time when Josh decided that they should stop for food, he was starving as he hadn't eaten much of the continental breakfast back at the hotel.

'I wish we could get some decent fries out here!' he laughed while dubiously poking at his seafood. Amy had lectured him that morning about not going to other countries and expecting to eat at burger joints every day, so he thought he'd try and wind her up again. She didn't seem to have heard him though, she was twisting and untwisting the cap on her empty water bottle and kept glancing about nervously it seemed.

'Are you okay hun? What's up?' He thought he saw her shifting in her seat slightly but soon dismissed it as his imagination, best not to get his hopes up!

After eating they continued sightseeing, although they missed quite a few market stalls and shops as they had to dash past several street sellers, trying to force them to buy their wares. The sun was as unrelenting as ever, and two and a half hours after they had left the hotel they had polished off three bottles of water between them. They had stopped to browse through some trinkets at a stall when Josh definitely noticed Amy shifting from foot to foot, this time he was sure he wasn't imagining things. They had drank a lot of water after all, he was starting to feel the need too.

'Erm...you haven't seen any toilets around here have you?' Amy whispered nervously in his ear. Amy was the sort of girl never to reveal when she had to use the restroom, and would try to hide it as long as possible, much to Josh's frustration!

'No, not yet, sorry babe' Josh smiled inwardly, in truth he hadn't seen any bathrooms, but he wasn't totally sure that even if he did that he would tell her. He continued 'browsing' the shop's selection for a couple of minutes longer, and noticed with glee out of the corner of his eye that Amy was waiting for him to one side, looking rather uncomfortable.

Amy pressed her legs together tightly. Why was Josh taking so long looking at this junk? If only she could tell him how bad she was starting to need a pee...but she couldn't ever tell him that! She'd just die of embarrassment. With any luck he'd be needing to go too soon and he would help her look for a toilet. She felt her bladder spasm suddenly from a moment of standing still, and she quickly walked around a few paces to fight off the feelings she was getting. As discreetly as possible she crossed her legs and squeezed as tightly as she could, while rocking back and forth. She'd needed to go for about an hour now, and didn't honestly know how much longer she would be able to hold it. Josh had finally moved away from the stall and was walking towards her, at last!

Still swigging on bottled water they headed up the steep dusty road towards the ruins, the dirt clinging to Amy's feet in her flip flops. Josh was starting to need to pee pretty badly too by this point, and had on a couple of occasions dropped back slightly to quickly to grab himself. Sweat was trickling down his back, making him feel extremely uncomfortable. There was hardly any traffic on the road, though one car that had gone past had hooted their horn, presumably in Amy in her skintight shorts.

40 minutes later they had arrived at the ruins, and surprisingly there were no other holiday makers there. They strolled around for a while, Josh making Amy stop at every information board so that he could tell her what each part of the ancient ruins used to be. He felt guilty doing this, and it did come at a price, he felt a couple of drops escape while reading one particularly long passage, but seeing Amy squirm and fidget was so worth it! She sometimes pretended to walk around looking at the parts he was talking about, but she didn't fool him. He saw her hold herself a couple of times as she turned away from him. He quickly turned back to the tourist notice to stop himself from getting too carried away.

Why are there no toilets around here? Amy was furious. She wasn't enjoying her day out at all now, all she could think about was how bad she had to go! She knew that Josh had to need to pee too, she'd seen him tap his feet and grab at himself when he thought she wasn't looking, so why wasn't he trying to find somewhere they could go? There was a refurbished fountain in the courtyard area, and just hearing the water tinkling and trickling drove her crazy! She felt a short sharp burst of urine escape and she plunged her hand desperately between her legs, before crossing them. Not caring who saw she pressed herself tightly and began to move away from the offending fountain.

By the time she was far enough away not to be affected by the running water she realised she had completely lost sight of Josh. Glancing at her watch she realised it had been over four hours since they had left the hotel, and their glorious hotel bathroom! Checking to make sure no one was around, the stepped behind a pillar and quickly undid the button of her shorts, and thrusted her hand down onto her lace panties, to hold herself better. She really didn't know how she was going to get out of this one without wetting herself like a pre schooler! Walking was seriously painful now, as was holding her pee, but what other choice did she have?

Josh had no idea where Amy had got to. He was reading one of the information boards to her one minute, and the next minute she'd vanished. He noticed a fountain a short distance away, and took a path to the left of it, he didn't want to be going anywhere near that thing! Even so, he had to stop to grip himself a few times, as he felt a few spurts break free. His bladder felt as though it was the size of a bowling ball, he touched its firmness gingerly, and gasped as another quick burst escaped.

Rounding a corner he quickly stopped, there was Amy, believing herself hidden behind a pillar, grabbing at her crotch for all she was worth. He ducked behind another a fair distance away and decided to have some fun.

He heard her mobile phone ringing, and then her voice on the other end of the line. She sounded stressed, panicky and more than a little desperate!

'Where are you, you disappeared on me!' Josh crossed his legs tightly and bounced up and down.

'I just wanted a look around, I'm actually at the far end, straight past the fountain, you can't miss me. Hurry up though, I'm feeling ill what with this heat, and I wanna get back'. She was furiously wriggling around while talking. Why is it being on the phone makes you need to pee even more?

Despite her pleas for him to hurry up, after ending the call he continued to watch her from behind the pillar. As she was anticipating his arrival she had removed her hand from her shorts and had re buttoned them. The anticipation seemed to increase her desperation. She paced back and forth, constantly trying to see if he was approaching before holding herself and crossing her legs.

Josh looked on as she became increasingly agitated. She seemed to be getting in quite a state, wiping sweat from her face and brushing loose hair from her face. His phone began to ring. He switched it off.

'Where is he?' Amy grumbled out loud, now so frantic she couldn't think straight. She thought for a moment about heading back to the hotel on her own, but as she had a terrible sense of direction she knew she would never get back to the hotel in time. There was only one thing to do. Glancing around she saw the remains of a wall that would offer her some protection from the road so that she could relieve herself.

She walked as quickly as possible, legs pressed together while undoing her button. The zip released about an inch then stopped. 'Oh no!' She pulled like crazy but it wouldn't budge. Stamping her feet against the ground she tried to wriggle them off without undoing the zip, which failed miserably. Amy now felt like crying, she felt a few more drops of pee dampen her panties and felt like just giving in, though she wouldn't be able to show her face for the rest of the holiday if that happened!

Josh was loving the performance, though watching made him incredibly desperate and turned on at the same time. He saw that she must have got the zip undone as she was pulling down her shorts and underwear to squat. He couldn't believe his eyes when he saw the furious stream flow from her onto the ground between her feet, and his bladder just couldn't take it. Before he could stop it he started peeing. Warm wet liquid trickling down his leg, a wet patch swiftly forming on his khaki shorts. He peed for what seemed an eternity, his shorts were completely soaked at the front by the time he had finished.

He breathed his last sigh of relief and stepped away from the puddle slowly soaking into the dirt. He couldn't wait to go sightseeing again tomorrow! Before that he had to try and explain his wet patch to Amy....

That's it. I hope it was ok, and not too boring. As I said I just wrote it as it came to me, from the top of my head, as I need a pee while writing this! Very good inspiration for a story!

*001*2012-06-09 22:15

I know this is a double post but I can't find a 'delete' button anywhere!

*003*2012-06-11 13:27

{{:

Awesome story I hope you continue it =)

}}

Thanks, I might add another incident if people think I should :)

*005*2012-06-11 21:18

{{:

Yes! Please create another chapter!

}}

Okay I'll have to get my thinking cap on! :)

*007*2012-06-11 21:33

It won't be today though as I'm going to bed soon (it's getting late where I am) but I might be able to put something together tomorrow :D

