The Haunted House

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2012-11-04 01:29

Chatter filled the bus, as the children piled in for their trip to the Halloween haunted house. Timmy dove for a window seat right on the second row from the back, but Larry slid in underneath his arm. Safe! Larry grinned at his friend. Timmy settled into the aisle seat. Next time.

Timmy and Larry had met in their sixth grade year, by alphabetical accident. Though unrelated, both boys carried the surname Boone; hence they were seated one behind the other in class, Larry in row two, and Timmy in row three. Of course, everyone ask Larry and Timmy if they were related, so the boys soon decided that they were destined to become best friends, and so it proved.

Principle Davenport was a strict disciplinarian, and demanded hard work of his students, but he was also cool. His smiles were frequent and sincere, and he loved fun as much as the children in his charge. So it happened that Principle Davenport announced that all A/B students with zero behavior demerits would be taken on a Friday evening trip to the Halloween haunted house.

Actually, this haunted house was THE haunted house in that part of the state. The spooks were the spookiest, the gore the goriest, the blood the bloodiest, and the shock the shockingest – if that’s a word.

Timmy nudged Larry and nodded his head toward the girls in the seat in front of them. “Why on earth are you wearing a skirt?” asked one girl. “You know they have compressed air nozzles in the floor.”

“Maybe so,” returned the other girl; “But if I have an accident, it’s easier to hide under a skirt.”

“I’m wearing a maxi pad, just in case,” her friend replied. Both girls giggled.

“Girls!” whispered Larry. Timmy grinned and nodded agreement, glad to be a boy.

The bus doors opened, and the students piled out and fell into the line waiting to enter the haunted house. Principle Davenport passed out the tickets. “Have fun!” he said. “Planning to!” echoed from several mouths.

As the line slowly wound toward the yawning entrance to the haunted house, groans, screams, and daemonic laughter testified to scary times within. Timmy shivered with excitement, for the first time feeling pee pressure, seemingly at the very tip of his penis. Instinctively Timmy felt his crotch. Larry smiled. “Don’t worry; it’s just excitement,” which, of course, it was.

Darkness swallowed the boys, as they entered the haunted house. No light, no sound, no nothing, then – bang: A flash of light a cloud of smoke, and a witch sailed by, inches in front of the boy’s faces. “Woah!” Shouted Larry, laughing.

So their tour of the haunted house progressed. Corpses sat up in coffins; bodies with twisted necks swung back and forth; a hooded felon jerked in an electric chair; weird sounds and odors wafted through the labyrinthine halls.

“You boys are in deep trouble,” rumbled a deep voice from the shadows, as strong hands grasped Larry and Timmy by the shoulders, leading then down a hall.

“Wow! You sound really scary,” laughed Larry. Timmy wasn’t so sure.

“Oh, you think this is funny, do you?” growled the voice. We caught it all on our night vision surveillance cameras.”

“C-Caught what?” Larry stammered, not laughing, now.

“We saw you pick that boy’s pocked in the cemetery. You snitched his wallet and handed it to your friend, here. There’s a deputy waiting outside to take you both to juvy detention. Then they’ll call your parents.”

“We didn’t do anything! Honest mister!” wailed Larry. Timmy felt tears in his eyes. What would his parents say, when they found him in juvenile detention?

“Go right through that door,” ordered the boy’s unseen captor, pushing the boys ahead. The door opened; a cool breeze blew in; and Timmy and Larry found themselves standing alone, outside the haunted house.

Neither moved. Where was the deputy? Slowly they began to realize – they’d been had, royally. That’s when Timmy felt the warm wetness between his legs. Grabbing his crotch, Timmy confronted the unthinkable. He’d peed his pants.

Timmy turned away, but not before Larry saw the telltale dark stains on the insides of Timmy’s pants legs. “Don’t sweat it, Buddy; it’s only pee.” Larry put his arm around Timmy’s shoulder, and they walked toward the bus.

“Only pee,” thought Timmy. “Yeah! Right! But it’s running down my legs, not yours.” Timmy began to cry.

“Keep close behind me,” whispered Larry, as they climbed the bus stairs. Timmy shadowed Larry to their seats, with no one the wiser. Whew! Safe, until they got back to the school. Then….Timmy cried silently.

“Nice panties,” said a boy, as he passed the girls in the seat ahead.

“I told you you shouldn’t have worn a skirt,” said one girl; “You showed your panties to half the school.”

“I don’t care,” replied the other girl; “At least my panties are dry – almost. Larry smiled and nudged Timmy, but Timmy didn’t respond.

“Come on, Timmy,” encouraged Larry. “Everybody pees their pants sometime. Maybe you can get a tee shirt, or something.” Timmy continued to cry.

Larry slipped forward a little in the seat. He spread his legs and relaxed. Larry strained gently, then a little harder. Finally, he was rewarded with a squirt of pee. Again. Larry reached for Timmy’s hand, placing it on his crotch. Timmy jerked back his hand, then stopped, and tentatively felt Larry’s pants. Larry strained again. And Timmy felt the warmth spread down his crotch. Timmy looked at Larry, eyes wide. “Delayed reaction,” shrugged Larry, as he continued to pee slowly in his pants.

Larry and Timmy would talk about their night at the haunted house frequently, reliving in memory – and sometimes in reality – the warm wetness in their pants. But that’s another story.

