That Damn Elevator

Author: buggy2013

*000*2018-10-23 01:55

“Hold the lift!”

I stuck my arm out in response to the call, catching the elevator door just in time. In stumbled Aaron, my department manager, with his classic too-bright smile plastered across his face.

“Thanks, Bella, I owe you one.” He said sunnily and pressed the button to get to 15, not seeming to notice that it had already been pressed. I wondered vaguely what he was doing all the way down on 1 in the middle of the afternoon, as our management team wasn’t known for straying too far outside of their shared office space upstairs. Aaron’s legs jostled restlessly as the lift rose slowly. We exchanged how do you do’s and comments on the weather, but he seemed a bit off. He had a nervous energy that made me eager to get out and leave him to whatever his issue was.

We seemed to stop at every floor to let people on then off again. I couldn’t help but notice his smile slipping and his enthusiastic greetings getting shorter and more rushed as he was clearly impatient with the slow journey. This seemed to be aggravated by the elevator doors taking a few extra seconds to open and close uselessly for a few moments, or open half way-open-close halfway-close-repeat like they’d been doing for the last week or so. Bossman swears he’s getting an electrician to look at it.

By floor 10 the lift was empty, save for us, and I could finally tell what his problem was. He was practically dancing on the spot and muttering under his breath, making him look younger than usual. He was in his late 20’s, and I really only had a few years on him, but his baby face, sleek athletic frame, and floppy golden hair and baby blue eyes made him look so painfully young. Now that he was doing what was clearly a potty dance, he looked like a child.

The door opened and closed uselessly at 10 before moving again. I peeked sideways at Aaron to see how he was handling yet another delay. He seemed to be frozen on the spot, one leg crossed tightly over the other.

“You okay? You seem a little off.” I fished, watching him bend at the waists a bit before straightening and beginning his leg movements.

“I’m literally about to piss on the floor.” He admitted shamelessly. I felt myself blush, not having expected that response. “My meeting took an absolute eternity to get through, and seeing as it was just a bunch of company bigwigs grilling me it didn’t seem appropriate to leave. Then I kept getting caught up by people who wanted to chat and I figured if I could just get upstairs where it was a little quieter I’d be in the clear.” He explained, movement becoming more exaggerated.

I’d never had any strong opinions about Aaron. I know some people in the department grumbled about his youth, but he knows his stuff. Some of the other ladies cooed about his looks, not that he wasn’t attractive, he just wasn’t my type. Despite not caring much about him one way or the other I definitely felt a little bad for him. Clearly he’d been ignoring his body’s needs for quite a while to get to this point.

“Why aren’t we moving?” He groaned, bobbing in place again. I looked and he was right, the number above the door stayed at 13 and we were not moving, nor did the doors open. He prodded a few buttons before pacing the small space. I pulled out my phone to find no signal.

“We’re stuck, great.” I sighed, not at all in the mood for this. To be honest, I was having a perfectly shitty day and just wanted to finish my work and go home.

“We can’t be stuck. That cannot happen right now. This cannot be happening” Aaron insisted, and I was surprised to hear genuine panic in his voice. I peeked over to see him twisted like a pretzel and bending at the waist, clearly clenching very hard.

“Take a deep breath, we’ll get out in a minute.” I coached sympathetically, pressing the alarm button on the key panel. Maybe in futility, as the electrical connection was almost certainly the problem, but it was something.

“I need to be out now.” He insisted, returning to his potty dance. The poor guy was actually about to lose it. I angled myself to give him a sense of privacy while we suffered through a handful of tense, awkward minutes. When I heard him hiss and couldn’t help but look. His legs were firmly crossed, and I could see a small wet trail on the upper thigh of his khaki pants. He was leaking. He was actually going to pee on the floor.

“Aaron?” I checked, watching his chest rise and fall, all too shallowly, at an alarming rate. He didn’t respond. He bobbed desperately and the wet patch grew noticeably. I pointedly turned around and faced away.

“Aaron, I won’t look. Just go on the floor.” I permissed. He made a noise of protest and I shrugged. “If you wet yourself it will be all over the floor anyway. This way your clothes won’t catch any more damage.” I soothed, making sure to point out that I knew he was really at the end of his rope. I heard some fidgeting and light swearing and all of a sudden it was as if someone had turned the faucet of full blast.

The noise carried on while I watched the floor get covered in the fluid around my feet and touching my shoes. The poor guy was not messing around about how urgent this was. I squirmed, a little from embarrassment, a little because my womanhood had decided to awaken, now of all times. It tingled with interest at each splatter and tiny moan. When the steam finally tapered off the tiny elevator was a puddle and my underwear were in a similar condition. I waited an extra few moments to be sure he was finished and put away before turning back around. The poor man was in an absolute state. His whole frame trembled while he fought to breathe through quivering lips. I decided professionalism was just about out the window and closed the gap between us with one sloshy step. I squeezed his shoulders tightly and made him look at me.

“Take a deep breath, Aaron. You’re fine. Don’t you feel so much better now?” I asked gently, feeling his pulse race with my thumb that rested on his collarbone while he fought to swallow his panic. “I know, that wasn’t fun. It’s all over though. Everything will clean up just fine.” He finally nodded to acknowledge that he heard me. I didn’t let my hands drop until he finally drew a full breath of air.

“I’m so sorry about this. I really am. I really couldn’t wait. I don't want you to think I’m disgusting or anything.” He rambled, shifting uncomfortably. I felt my lady parts tingle demandingly and wondered if maybe he was the one who should feel disgusted right now.

“I know you couldn’t wait. Look at the size of this puddle. I have no idea how you were holding that in to begin with. You must feel so relieved.” I encouraged, making him nod.

“Not to be gross, but letting it out was the best feeling I’ve ever had.” He admitted, massaging his bladder gingerly. It must be aching a bit. I shifted again as I ignored an ache of my own. He couldn’t seem to pick a place to look, as it was hard to avoid me and the mess on the floor. Despite the admission of relief he looked downright miserable. I took a step back to give him some space despite not having much to give.

“Bella?” He asked quietly after a long, much-needed silence.

“What’s up?” I asked softly, prepared to promise that I would not be sharing this around the water cooler.

“Well, if you don’t mind me asking; are you doing alright lately?” He asked in a genuine voice that made me blush. To say I was caught off-guard would be an understatement. I decided to play dumb.

“Has there been a problem with my work?” I asked, knowing full well that there wasn’t, and he wouldn’t dare bring up a shortcoming of mine at a time like this even if there was.

“Not at all! It’s just- you seem- it’s-“ he tripped over his words, in an uncharacteristic lack of confidence. I watched from under my lashes while he took a deep breath. “You usually change your screensaver on your computer every couple of days, or leave little sticky notes around with fun facts or jokes, or remind everyone of silly holidays like ‘mismatched sock day’ or whatever. It’s been weeks since you’ve done anything like that.”

He wasn’t wrong, but the fact that he noticed surprised me. We don’t have a huge department, but there’s definitely enough people to get forgotten in if you wanted to. I used to try to stand out with the little post-it’s and silly stuff, but nobody ever acknowledged it so I figured I was wasting my time. Then I was doing it for my own enjoyment, but I hadn’t felt much like the doing silly stuff lately anyway.

“I guess I’m just not in the mood for it anymore.” I muttered in a lame attempt at hiding my surprise.

“Did something happen to take you out of that mood? You don’t have to tell me, but you can. I’ve wanted to ask, it just didn’t seem professional. This little setup is about as unprofessional as it gets so I guess I’ll take it.” He rambled.

I thought on it quietly for a few moments. I couldn’t decide if he actually cared, or just wanted to take the pressure off of himself right now.

“I guess I’m just having a hard time right now.” I admitted, choosing to at least meet him halfway. I hadn’t decided if I was going to elaborate or not, but fate didn’t give me the chance. We both jumped when someone banged on the other side of the door and shouted to see if there was anyone inside. We started yelling back, pee puddles and problems forgotten for a moment.

It took some time to get us out. I guess it wasn’t as simple as just prying the doors open.

By the time we were freed it was promised that the only people who would know about Aaron’s accident would be the two of us, a sympathetic electrician, and a janitor. The two of us bumbled down the hall awkwardly, not really sure what to say to each other. I wanted to escape to a restroom to clean my shoes before finishing my day, but it almost seemed unkind to leave things the way they were.

“So, Aaron…” I started and trailed off. I remembered his acknowledgment that professionalism was pretty much over for the day and powered through. “I’m not having a great day, and from what I’ve seen neither are you. If you’d like the company we could grab a drink.” I proposed, watching my feet instead of him.

“I think that’s a perfect idea. I could use a strong drink and some good company after a day like this. Is it okay if I grab a cab and pick you up at 8?” He asked, and I blushed a little that he wanted to take the same cab. And both of us drive, so he must want to drink as much as I do. I nodded and we hovered awkwardly outside of the restrooms.

“How uncomfortable is it that I need to pee again?” He chuckled, trying to play off the blush encompassing his face and neck. I discreetly checked to see that his pants were mostly dry, but his hand brushed across his tired bladder as it had been doing compulsively since his big release.

“Don’t let me hold you up, I’ll see you tonight.” I smirked, ducking into the ladies room before either of us could make it more awkward. I scurried into a stall and locked the door before ripping my pants aside and plopping myself on a toilet. I ran a finger through my damp slit and shivered. I ran my finger through again and started to replay the delicious sounds of Aaron losing control. Maybe tonight, between the drinks and his sore bladder, I can get a little more memory footage of such sinful squirming.

*003*2018-10-24 22:49

Thank you ^.^

I'm notoriously bad with sequels but I’ll leave a link if I manage to make one

