Dish Best Served Cold

Author: Despo Disciple

*000*2014-03-05 23:36

Hey guys! I posted on my latest thread that I would make a fiction story based on my first encounter of omorashi (which you can read at $/19617-what-got-you-into-omorashi/) and here is the first chapter of it. First of all, though, I said I would exaggerate it. Well, to turn it into a full fiction series, it needed more than a little exaggeration, so it's basically a completely different story, but the setting's there!

Chapter 1

8:00 am. "Oh crap, I'm gonna be late for school!", thought Hannah as she jumped out of bed, threw off her pyjamas and quickly got into her school uniform, first putting on her panties, then bra, then black socks, white shirt, tie, black and tight skirt, high heel shoes, finally blazer. She quickly made herself some toast and ate it, then had a large glass of water to wash it down. Then she put on her schoolbag and rushed out of the house. "I have no time for the toilet, I can't miss this bus!", (I know, I know, how original, get up late, glass of water, no time for bathroom, etc.). She rushed down the street, and arrived just in time for the bus to see her and let her on.

"Hannah!", she heard a voice call out. She looked up to see her best friend, Emily, had saved a seat for her. "Hi Emily!", Hannah greeted. "I totally thought you were gonna bunk off today and miss the maths' test!"

"Oh shit! I completely forgot about the maths test!", said Hannah. "You are screwed, Hannah," said Emily unsympathetically, "people are saying it's really hard."

"Oh great!", said Hannah, now fearing the worst.

Morning classes flew by. Hannah and Emily ate their lunches together and gossiped about their other friends. Near the end of their lunch break Hannah felt a sudden urge to pee, but suppressed it by squeezing her thighs together. "Meh, I'll just ask to go at the start of class.", she thought. She had failed to remember what her next class was. An hour and a half of maths. A maths test. With the strictest teacher in school: Miss McShane. She only realised this once the bell had rung and she began to make her way there. "Oh well, I can hold it.", she thought naïvely.

"All right, take your seats, class.", said Miss McShane. "As you all know, you have a test today on all the topics we've done so far this year, so I expect that you'll all have revised well in order to get good grades. Or, at least, what you slackers call good grades! Now, in order to get your concentration levels up, I have brought you all a bottle of water each, in the hope that it will minimise the amount of marks that you fail this test by!"

"Really?", Adam thought to himself. "Really, Miss McShane? Not everyone in this class are fails! I got an A star in my last test! Oh well." Hannah was pissed off too, but for a different reason altogether. "I don't know how good my bladder's gonna hold up after I drink this."

"Hurry up!", barked the teacher. "You're wasting time! Time that could be used on doing your test!", as if she hadn't told them to drink the water. Once they had all drunk the water, the papers were given out. Hannah remembered some of the stuff, but most of the topics were a distant memory. "How did I manage to forget about this stupid test!", she inwardly cursed herself. The others in the class weren't doing much better either, apart from one person.

"Yes, this is easy!", thought Adam. Just under half an hour left, and Adam was done. "If, by some miracle, you people are finished, you should check over your paper!" Miss McShane bellowed. "Nah, I think I'll give that a miss!", Adam thought. He sat for a few minutes, becoming quite bored, when he suddenly had a thought. "Hey, I wonder if Miss McShane's water is working their magic on anyone!", he thought. "Nope. Nope. Nope. Eh, maybe.... Nah. No. No. N... hey hey!" He thought as he noticed Hannah. She had her legs crossed and was wiggling and bouncing them about like mad. "I think I've just found one good thing about being in Miss McShane's class!"

"Ooohhhh, come on, come on, come on!", Hannah whispered to herself, willing herself on. She had now completely given up on her maths test. She knew she was going to fail anyway. If she did try, she would only frustrate herself even more, and she also couldn't afford to shift concentration away from her need to pee. She really had to go, but took comfort in the fact that there was only fifteen minutes left. But she knew that, in that time, her bladder would become even fuller and simply crossing and wiggling her legs would not be enough to suppress her need. As the minutes passed, she began to think that she mightn't be able to hold on, so she put her hand up. "What?" asked Miss McShane. "Miss, may I please use the bathroom?", Hannah asked, in the most innocent voice she could manage. "No!", Miss McShane shouted immediately. "You know the rules, young lady! No bathroom breaks, especially during tests!"

"But Miss," Hannah started, then whispered "it's an emergency." Luckily for Adam, he had good hearing. "I don't care if your kidneys are about to burst, no going to the bathroom in my classes!!!" Hannah sighed, resigning herself to having to wait it out for ten more minutes. Meanwhile, any doubts that Adam may have had had now been fully erased. Hannah was in dire need of a bathroom.

Two more minutes to go, but that just seemed to make Hannah all the more desperate to release the pent-up urine inside of her, and she had now added tightly grabbing her crotch with her dominant right hand to the long list of techniques she had tried to make her need go away. But none of them had worked. "Okay, class, leave your papers on this desk and get out of my classroom.", Miss McShane boomed. Hannah got up (with difficulty), left her paper on the desk, and rushed out of the room, trying to make her way to the bathroom, past the other students in her class, before she was stopped by Emily. "Hey, Hannah, where you going?", she asked. "The gym's this way!" (the gym is where they go to wait for the buses, by the way) "Oh, I'm just going to the -"

"Oh, I almost forgot!", Emily interrupted, "You have to see this meme I saw on 9gag!"

Hannah and Emily got on their bus (which, conveniently, was twenty minutes late) and started chatting about things they had seen on Facebook. Or, rather, Emily did. Hannah, on the other hand, could not concentrate on anything other than not leaking into her panties. How Emily did not notice that Hannah had her hand thrust firmly into her crotch, and had her legs crossed tightly, was an amazement to everyone else on the bus. Meanwhile, she continued to rabbit on.

"I mean, can you believe her?"

"No."

"She can't talk to me like that!"

"No!"

"She jus-"

"No. No! No, please NO!!!"

But it was too late. Hannah's time was up. A loud hissing could be heard as the entire bus fell silent. That hissing was soon followed up by the soft noise of piss dripping from Hannah's crotch, and onto the seat and floor.

Emily sat with her jaw dropped. She stared at Hannah in shock and utter disbelief. Before bursting out laughing.

"Oh my gosh! Oh my gosh, you totally just pissed yourself, Hannah!"

She then continued to mock a red-faced Hannah until she couldn't take it anymore. She burst into tears and ran to the back of the bus, which was empty.

Emily continued to gossip about what had just happened to her other friends, but Adam quietly slipped away from the group, and went over to the back of the bus to see Hannah.

"Hannah... are you okay?"

"*sniff* I think so. My dad'll kill me."

"Well, my stop's just coming up, so if you want to have a shower and change of clothes there..."

"Oh my gosh, thank you so much! Mwah!", she kissed him on the forehead.

So, as you can see, completely unidentifiable from my original story, but nevertheless, please post feedback, positive or negative, or any suggestions/requests you might have.

*002*2014-03-06 08:01

{{:

I thought it was a good story and well thought out. Don't worry about including "common" tropes. There's no sense reinventing the wheel every single time... In my opinion, if a given situation wasn't any good, there wouldn't be a ton of people using it in their stories! :)

My main critique would be the apparent time skip between "heading to the bathroom" and "they got on the bus, it was late"

I think it could have some filler there like "Hannah reluctantly turned around and headed towards the gym, Emily pointing and laughing at her phone the entire way, oblivious to her friends worsening condition as the PA announced: Bus #xxx is running behind and may be late"

Otherwise, an excellent story and I'm looking forward to chapter 2! Maybe Emily could get a taste of her own medicine ;)

}}

Thanks for the advice! Don't worry, Emily's not the only one who's gonna get it!

*003*2014-03-11 20:27

Chapter 2

Adam and Hannah got off at Adam's stop. As Hannah passed her friends, obvious snickering was heard, especially from Emily. But Hannah put on a brave face.

"What's your mum and dad gonna think of this, though?", Hannah asked, not wanting any more people to find out about her accident.

"Oh, don't worry," Adam assured her, "they won't be back at the house till about half seven-ish.

"Oh good!", Hannah replied.

When they arrived at Adam's house, Hannah went into the bathroom to go to the toilet again. Adam, of course, took the opportunity to have a good listen to the sound of Hannah's pee splashing against the toilet bowl. He nearly got caught when Hannah unexpectedly opened the door, but managed to straighten up just in time to not seem suspicious.

"What clothes am I gonna change into?", asked Hannah.

"You could probably change into some of my big sister's old clothes.", Adam suggested.

"Would she notice that they were gone?"

"Hannah, my sister has enough clothes to last her a lifetime, it'd be like discovering a penny missing from a bank account!" Adam joked, making Hannah chuckle.

"Okay, thanks.", said Hannah.

Adam fetched her a pair of old jeans and an old, but cute, t-shirt. Both were deliberately a little small for her. Hannah had her shower whilst Adam made himself a coffee downstairs. When Hannah got dressed and came downstairs, she thanked Adam and went to leave, but Adam stopped her.

"Oh, come on, you don't have to go! Stay for a coffee!"

"Okay, I suppose I could stay for a coffee.", said Hannah, secretly pleased at Adam wanting her to stay.

Hannah and Adam drank their coffees and chatted to each other.

"Hey Adam, can I ask you a question?"

"Yeah, sure, go ahead."

"Why did you let me come here to change my clothes. Why weren't you laughing at me like all the others?"

Adam sighed. "When I was younger, my sister wet herself in class. She was in maths, like you. Miss McShane wouldn't let her go, like you. When she wet herself, all her friends made fun of her, like you. Even my friends made fun of me. Ever since then, I've always had it out for Miss McShane. I've always been looking for a chance to give her what she deserves. The exact same thing she did to Becky. So, I suppose I saw you and thought of my sister. Miss McShane had made you pee yourself, all your friends laughing at you, and it reminded me of what happened with Becky. So, instead of laughing at you like the rest of them, I felt sorry for you, because I knew what you were-". He tried to continue on. But Hannah cut him off. With a kiss.

They sat there kissing each other. When they finally stopped, they talked about how they would get everyone back for all the times they had embarrassed them.

"Who'll we get first?", Adam asked.

"Has to be that bitch, doesn't it?", Hannah replied.

"Yeah.", Adam agreed. "We'll get her good tomorrow."

Sorry for the pee-less chapter. I think you could tell this one was more to do with the story, not desperation. But, as you can see from the ending, there's a lot of desperation to come. So, who is "that bitch"? How long will this revenge streak last? Find out next time! Also, like last time, all feedback is greatly appreciated, and thanks to HPattern for your input! Oh, and what do you guys think of my profile pic? Nice selfie, huh?

*005*2014-03-12 17:21

{{:

*scrolls up to see "nice selfie"*

*spits out tea*

*contemplates response*

Uhh, it's... nice... yeah, sure... let's go with that lol

Then again, I shouldn't be talking... I haven't even set a profile pic yet :O

Edit: I should probably give some feedback on the chapter itself too :P

As far as dedicating some chapters strictly to the plotline, it's a great way to keep the story flowing, create a more immersive experience, and leave room for many possibilities in future chapters!

All the great fiction from you guys on here is starting to convince me to try writing something myself, although I can't guarantee it would be worth reading lol...

}}

Yeah, you should try it! Based on the advice you've been giving me, I reckon you'd be a good writer. Now all you need is a profile pic. You probably shouldn't take my advice on that though...

*007*2014-03-26 00:07

### Chapter 3 ###

At the bus stop the next day, Hannah avoided Emily and her "friends" as much as she could, but braced herself for some slagging as she knew that, if Emily could get gossip of any shape or form, she didn't care who got hurt in the process.

"How's it going, pee-pee pants?", Emily mocked as she approached Hannah. Hannah rolled her eyes and tried to ignore her as best as she could, but there was no stopping Emily.

"Did you remember to wear your nappy today, Hannah? We don't want another accident like yesterday, do we?", Emily taunted.

"You know what, Emily? Laugh all you want! 'Cause what goes around, comes around!"

"Ha! What you gonna do, shrink my bladder! Don't tell me you believe in fairytales too! You really are a baby, you know that?"

"Be careful what you wish for, Ems. Be careful what you wish for..."

When the bus came, Hannah sat near the back, while Emily and her friends sat at the front, due to Emily's ongoing crush on the jock in the year above Hannah and Emily, who always sat at the front of the bus. No-one sat beside Hannah (for obvious reasons) so, when the bus arrived at Adam's stop, they could carry out their plan for today without any complications.

"You got the water pills?", Hannah asked immediately. Adam motioned to his pocket, where he carefully pulled out a pack of diuretics.

"Sweet!", Hannah exclaimed in excitement. "This is gonna be great!"

"I know!", Adam agreed. "But can't we hit all of our 'targets' at the one time?"

"No, we can't. It'd be too suspicious."

"I suppose.", Adam reluctantly agreed.

"So, let's go over the plan one more time, shall we?"

"Really? While the author's writing down everything we're saying? Isn't that, you know, a spoiler?"

"Nah, it's okay. They were gonna find out at some point."

"Yeah, I know, but shouldn't we wait until he jumps to, like, lunch or something?"

"Nah, it's okay."

"Okay then."

"So. We wait until triple maths at the end of the day."

"Right..."

"We sit at the front and we slip one of these bad boys into those massive coffees she always drinks."

"Yeah..."

"And we watch the show unfold!"

"Haha. She's never going to be able to leave our class until the end of the three hours!"

"Surely she won't be able to last that long!"

"I sure hope not!"

Adam and Hannah spent the rest of the bus journey enthusing about their favourite band, "Avenged Elevenfold." (Yeah, if you look at my name, you can see who my favourite band are, so I thought I'd just stick in a painfully obvious parody of "Avenged Sevenfold."). But when the bus pulled into the school's drive, they were in for a shock.

"All students should make their way to the assembly hall immediately after arriving at school.", Hannah read aloud. "What's that all about?"

"Who knows?", Adam replied.

When all of the pupils were in the assembly hall, the headmaster, Mr Stevenson, got onto the stage and spoke into the mic.

"Settle down, please. You have all been brought here today on what could be a dark day for this school. Many of your parents have phoned in to complain about your teachers' attitude and ability to teach. This has prompted school inspectors to make an immediate enquiry into the standards of education at this school. You, of course, know the hard work that your teachers really put in in order to get the best out of you, and so I expect that you will all be on your best behaviour on this very important day. This radical shake up means that, for today, all form classes will be taught one individual subject by one individual teacher for the whole of this school day."

The whole school were understandably disappointed, but none more so than Adam and Hannah.

"I guess we'll just have to wait 'til tomorrow to get Miss McShane."

"Class 11C, you will have... Miss McShane!"

"Or not!"

Adam and Hannah couldn't believe their luck. Instead of having her for three hours at the end of the day, they had her for the entire day!

"She'll never be able to hold on that long!", they proclaimed in excitement.

"What are you doing, Adam?!", Miss McShane snapped, before remembering about the presence of the inspector in the room. "Oh, I mean, uh, what are you doing, Adam?"

"Me? Oh, I'm just making you a cup of coffee. I know you like to drink coffee in class, so I thought I'd save you the bother of making it yourself."

"Why, thank you very much, young man! Glad to see that someone in this dump has manners- I mean, um, it's always, um, a pleasure to teach such wonderful young people.", she quickly corrected herself, although she wasn't fooling anyone. It didn't even take the inspector a minute to realise just how much Miss McShane hated this class.

Meanwhile, Adam sneaked an extra "lump of sugar" into Miss McShane's coffee. He grinned to himself: a grin of self-satisfaction, and also sexual excitement. Miss McShane was about as good-looking as she was bitchy, and even now it was a struggle for Adam to contain his arousal as he handed the huge cup to Miss McShane, watched her take a big gulp from it, and began to fantasise about what would happen in the next seven hours.

One hour later, it was break time. They didn't get their test papers back, but Adam and Hannah didn't care. They were too preoccupied watching for any out-of-the-ordinary movements from Miss McShane that suggested that she needed the loo. They didn't notice any during the first period, which was probably just as well, seeing that, if Miss McShane knew she had to go to the bathroom, she would have taken the opportunity to go during the break. Luckily, she didn't, so Hannah and Adam had another few hours to look forward to.

As time went by, Miss McShane gradually began to show some signs of needing to pee. Not much, mind you, but Hannah and Adam soon noticed that she would sometimes begin to tap her foot on the ground when she was standing, or, if she was sitting, she would occasionally wiggle her knee about. These movements were very subtle, and even Adam wouldn't have noticed her increasing need had it not been planned by him personally, but over time they became more and more obvious.

When there was about 15 minutes to go until lunch, she was now wiggling her tight bum from side to side fairly obviously, and would occasionally clench her thighs together when she thought it wouldn't be as noticeable. (By the way, the speed of this water tablet is probably REALLY inaccurate, but, for the sake of the story, it's probably best if it goes this way.). But a certain two people weren't to be fooled. Hannah and Adam were loving every minute. However, by the time the bell rang for lunch (which, by the way, was another of the students' complaints. That bell was far too loud, and often made people jump. Something should be done about that bell.), Hannah and Adam faced a dilemma. The teacher's bathroom would be available for Miss McShane to use all lunch, and there was nothing they could do about it. Luckily for them, though, they were given some time to think.

"Um, Miss McShane?", called the inspector.

"Y-yes?", Miss McShane replied as casually as she could.

"If you could take a seat, there are some things which I would like to discuss with you."

"Oh. Okay then.", she said, disappointed.

"Now, first of all, I noticed you were fidgeting quite a bit towards the end of that lesson. I know you are under a lot of pressure today, but trust me, I think you are doing a wonderful job. There is absolutely nothing for you to be nervous about, okay?" He was completely oblivious to Miss McShane's real problem.

"Thank you very much, sir. I-If you could just let me-"

"Hang on a minute, Miss McShane. There are still some issues which we need to talk about."

They then talked about Miss McShane's teaching strategies for a while, but, outside the classroom, Hannah and Adam were trying to think on the spot. How could they stop her from getting to the toilet for an entire hour?

"Maybe... No, it wouldn't work."

"What if we... No, that's stupid."

This went on for a good few minutes before Adam spotted something on the floor. It was a key.

"Room 35 - Mathematics - Miss McShane.", he read aloud. Jackpot!

While Hannah stood guard, Adam put the key into the hole and slowly, carefully, turned the lock so that neither Miss McShane nor the inspector could know what was happening.

"And now, we wait!"

Hannah and Adam rushed to the canteen, bought a sandwich each, then ran back. Luckily, Miss McShane's room was on the bottom floor, so they could clearly see everything that was going on.

"So, despite all the things I've said, I think you're a good teacher. You obviously have excellent control over your class, and your methods of explanation are second to none. So, unless something extraordinary happens during these last few hours, I would say your job is very much safe."

"Wow. Thank you very much!", Miss McShane said, very uncharacteristically. She got up to leave and get some lunch and, more importantly, FINALLY pee, but was horrified at her inability to open the classroom door.

"What the? I can't open it! How did this happen?"

"Here, let me try... No, I can't open it either!"

"Oh, great! I really need to pe- um... Park my car in a better place!"

"Really?"

"Yeah. The, um, roads are always busy when school ends, so I always park my car in a better place every lunch!

"Oh, right..."

Hannah and Adam watched Miss McShane walk around the room, trying to control her bladder while making idle chit-chat with the inspector. They wondered whether the inspector knew about her situation, and then wondered how he could NOT notice after she pushed her crotch against the corner of a desk after what seemed to be a contraction from her bladder hit her. Nevertheless, she continued to hold on with this method until the end of lunch. Sneakily, Adam unlocked the door just before the bell rang so no-one would know that they had been locked in the room.

In class, Miss McShane was nowhere near her usual strict self. She couldn't concentrate on the topics, but instead focused all her attention on not flooding her skirt, which was turning out to be a task much easier said than done. She now had to constantly cross her legs and squeeze them together, and when she was sitting down she had one hand holding her crotch, because nobody could see her do it due to her desk's covering of that particular area.

In the final hour of class, Miss McShane was just giving the class a list of questions from the textbook to do. She knew that her job was more-or-less in the bag, and she also knew that if she concentrated on anything other than her bladder she would lose it completely, right there and then. She now had her legs crossed with one hand thrust hard into her crotch, and the other one not far from it. Hannah and Adam wished she wouldn't sit down as often so they wouldn't miss the show. So Hannah had an idea.

"Miss, could you please go over trigonometry again?"

"Certainly, Hannah.", she faked a smile as she inwardly groaned.

She tried to remain calm as she shakily stood up and searched the trigonometry PowerPoint looking for a question.

"Oh, here's one!", she said, relieved. But she had to thrust both hands right into her crotch and bend over double when she saw the question.

"Water flows through a pipe, as the diagram shows. With the given measurements, calculate the angle at which the water flows." Embarrassed, she stood up, regained her composure, and listened to Hannah as she attempted the conveniently-appropriate question. She nearly got the answer, but then the bell for the end of school rang. It should have been a time when Miss McShane knew she was safe, but instead it was the final straw. Remember I told you the volume of that bell often made people jump? Yeah, there was a reason behind that after all.

The bell startled Miss McShane. In an effort to stop the inevitable, she crossed her legs and firmly flung her hands wildly into her crotch, running on the spot. But it was no use. A spurt became a flow. A flow became a wet patch. A wet patch became a puddle. And a puddle became a flood. And, with the entire class watching (not to mention the inspector), she stood there, tears in her eyes, as she shamefully wet herself like she had forced Hannah to only a day earlier.

The entire class was in shock at what was happening right before their very eyes. None of them could believe what they were seeing. Hannah and Adam were in secret ecstasy. They had finally got revenge on the woman that had caused so much embarrassment for Becky, Adam and Hannah. And Adam, unbeknownst to Hannah, had also got a little bit on the side. Looks-wise, if not personality-wise, Miss McShane was his favourite teacher by a landslide. He had often fantasised about something like this, but he could never have imagined it would have been anything quite like this.

I know the events of this chapter didn't seem very believable at times, and I'm sure that was one terrible water tablet, but I hope it didn't ruin the chapter for you too much. As always, feedback is much appreciated (thanks to HPattern (again) and green_hanger for their contributions) and hopefully I will have Chapter 4 coming soon!

