The Editor - Page 6

Author: Garrus

*127*2016-11-29 01:03

There are plenty of excuses about hard drive crashes and rewrites, but whatever the case, this took way too long. It's too short as well, but now that I'm back to writing (professionally?), more about that after the chapter, I hope to keep the updates coming much more frequently. Thank you as always for your support and especially your patience.

###

Recall

Evening found me sitting at an enormous table, overloaded with food, in front of what seemed to be half the nobles in the city crowded into the ballroom. I looked to my left, to where Mira was seated, at the place of honor. She was looking very pretty in a deep blue dress that matched her hair nicely, the dress complimented her pale skin perfectly. I thought she might have been a bit more pale than usual, perhaps stressed by the huge amount of attention, and the expectations that accompanied it, but when she glanced my way and we made eye contact, I saw a bit of color return to her cheeks. The dress looked way too elaborate to have been prepared since morning, between that and the party, complete with a feast, I had to imagine they had been making preparations for weeks, and were just waiting for the day of Miranda's awakening.

The night was already getting late. Servants had brought out additional candles and lamps as the sunlight faded. The party had been quite nice. It had begun with a number of long speeches by the duke and other important people, but I had mostly tuned them out. They weren't saying anything I didn't already know. Now; however, after eating my fill, I was free to relax and enjoy the atmosphere. The wine had been flowing freely for hours now, and its effects could be seen throughout the room.

At an adjacent table, I saw a pair of highborn ladies sniff in delicate disapproval as one of the intoxicated men crassly excused himself to go and 'take a leak,' but that didn't stop the pair from crossing their legs beneath the table. People were talking loudly, and dancing poorly. I turned to Mira to ask if she remembered the day we first met, in this very room, but when I turned, it seemed that I had become the topic of conversation for Duke Rowen and a couple of men I didn't recognize. Looking at their statuses, I recognized one of the names, it was an earl from a neighboring dukedom. All three were talking and laughing loudly, having apparently discarded any differences in station under the effects of the alcohol.

"Surely the boy has Fire in his blood. Just look at his mother." I shot a questioning glance at Miranda who appeared to be listening to the men, but she just shook her head and turned her attention to the drink in front of her. In keeping with the festive spirit, the drink of choice tonight was a sweet honey wine, but I disliked the taste. Even the watered down wine that was served to Miranda and me tasted bitter in my mouth. Mira; however, seemed to relish the drink, and was already sipping at her second cup. I planned to intervene if she called for a third, there was no reason to tempt the effects of alcohol on developing nervous systems, but for now my attention was drawn to the increasingly boorish conversation developing at our high table.

“Sure, sure,” One of the men waved his hand dismissively. He was tall and thin, almost dangerously so, with black hair, and a crooked nose that made it look like he had come out worse in a fight. “The mother was skilled, but what about the father? The man can’t use magic to save his life. You’d find more mana in a felled oak than in Sol. The boy should stick to the sword, like his father.” I couldn’t help but feel a stir of anger in my chest as I listened to the man belittle my father

“Ha,” Duke Rowen threw his head back in laughter, not caring when he splashed his drink onto his prodigious stomach. “You’re underestimating the boy, both of you.” He looked profoundly at the two men, or at least as well as he could manage while being so drunk. “I have great hopes for Kyler, and even greater plans.” The duke looked at me and caught my eye; I wondered if I shouldn’t have been listening so obviously, but the man simply winked at me. All three of the men were red in the face, but more from drunkenness than any actual anger. I didn’t hold their words against them, drunk men talk after all, but I also had no desire to stay sitting at the table any longer.

Mira was engrossed in her drink as her head was tipped back and the cup was nearly vertical as she endeavored to get the last few drops of wine. Perhaps I would have to ensure she didn’t tend towards drunkenness like her father, but she was still young, so there was no need to worry too much yet. I grabbed Miranda’s free hand, which had been holding on to the table as she finished her drink, but my action caused her to jump in surprise and it sounded like she choked on the last swig of wine. Miranda coughed once and set the cup down on the table, luckily none of the wine had spilled, maybe I should have waited until she finished drinking to take her hand.

“Let’s go.” I urged Mira to stand up while pulling her hand.

“What?” She seemed somewhat confused, maybe due to the wine, but she got up nonetheless. She was unsteady on her feet so she held onto me for support as we walked towards the dancefloor. Although looking at her now blushing face, I suspected she didn’t need to lean on me quite as much as she was. Mira’s hand felt like a vice on my own, I had forgotten how insanely strong her grip could be sometimes.

“I thought you might want to dance.” We were already basically at the edge of the dancefloor, but Mira didn’t look too happy. She punched my arm lightly several times, although given how much she had to drink, it might have been as strong as she could manage.

“Geez, is that how you ask me? Dummy.” Miranda was doing her best to pout while still hanging onto me. It took me a moment to realize what she was after, and a memory from the last time we danced together stirred.

Gently extricating myself from Mira, she released my hand once she realized what I was doing, I bowed deeply to the girl in front of me. I held out one hand and looked into her eyes.

“Please M’lady, won’t you give me this dance.” The primary education system in this world was certainly lacking, but manners and dance were both impressed upon me, even just in the time I had spent in the castle.

“Of course.” Mira took my hand and performed an admirable curtsey. I would never have guessed that she had been drinking, or perhaps I had simply overestimated her level of intoxication. Stepping close and placing my hand on her waist, Miranda and I began to sway to the music. When she spoke I could smell the alcohol on her breath.

“Why did you call me ‘M’lady?’”

“Well isn’t your proper title? You are the first born daughter of a duke after all. Or maybe you preferred when I called you ‘Princess?’”

“Humph,” Mira tried to look upset, but she couldn’t hide her grin. “I told you, you can call me Mira. So call me that.”

“Ah, of course. My apologies, Mira.” Mira beamed at my words, and we continued to dance. “Hey, doesn’t this bring back memories? This is just like the day we first met.”

“Yeah, hehe,” Mira giggled. “You were short back then.”

“Oh yeah?” I looked down at Mira, who was almost a head shorter than me now. “Well you’re still short.” I think Mira tried to step on my foot, but she missed, and it just looked like a clumsy dance step. “Now that I think about it, didn’t you also pee your pants that night too?” This time her foot did connect, and I winced in pain.

“I did not! I made it to the toilet, remember?”

“Hmm, not really.” Mira spun in a circle as I held her hand above her head. “It was a long time ago.”

“Hmph.” Mira looked away from me, pouting, but she kept dancing.

I was happy, or maybe ‘content’ would be a better word. It felt like I barely had a chance to slow down ever since the fire, let alone relax. Dancing here with Mira helped me forget about everything that had happened, and it let me stop worrying about what might happen in the future. As Mira and I were dancing, I found myself staring over her shoulder towards the high table. A strange shadow obscured one of the men from my view, but it looked like nothing had changed in our absence. Drunk men continued to talk and drink.

“Umm, Kyler?” Mira’s soft voice broke me from my contemplation.

“Hmm?” I hadn’t even noticed that Mira was no longer dancing so much as getting dragged around with me. I stopped. “What is it?”

“I uhh…” Even through her dress, I could tell that she was standing with her legs crossed, but once she had my undivided attention, it seemed like she changed her mind about something. “It’s nothing, let’s keep dancing.” She clumsily tried to take the lead, but either the alcohol or her inexperience caused her to stumble. I once more started leading us through the dance, but this time I stayed focused on Mira. I couldn’t remember the last time I tried it, but it was worth a shot. Focusing on her status, I was able to find what I was looking for.

Capacity: 226/260

There it was. Just out of curiosity, I tried raising the value of both her capacity, as well as what she was currently holding, but neither one moved. In a way, I was kind of glad. If after apparently losing so much of my ability, all I was left with was the ability to make someone pee themselves, I wouldn’t know quite what to think. I still had hope that I would regain full control over my editing soon enough, but at least I could see statuses again, just that by itself was a huge advantage, but for now I had more pressing concerns. Mira’s capacity was creeping up towards 230. I couldn’t help but think her total capacity was kind of low. I couldn’t clearly remember what it had been when I first met her, but my status put my own capacity at above 500. Maybe it had something to do with physical size, or development, but whatever the case, Mira wouldn’t last much longer.

I wasn’t quite sure why she didn’t just go, she was obviously thinking about it earlier, but what changed her mind? My best guess was that she was just embarrassed to say she had to go, my mind went back to the women I had seen earlier during the feast. It seemed like women were expected to remain demure, and not draw attention to their bodily needs, but surely that wasn’t practical when someone was truly bursting like Mira so obviously was. She was still dancing, or a near approximation of it. She was repeatedly stepping on my feet now, but it was not out of anger anymore, she was just too desperate to dance properly it seemed. I couldn’t just sit back and do nothing, especially since this was probably my fault for suggesting that she had peed herself last time, maybe she thought I would make fun of her if she had to pee now.

“Mira?” She was up to 240/260, although she dropped down briefly to 238 when I called her name.

“Wh-what?” She was still trying to remain composed, and continue to dance, but I stopped moving.

“Do you need to use the bathroom?” 245.

“No! No, I just…” Her face was crimson, apparently she really thought I hadn’t noticed.

“C’mon, it’s really obvious you’re about to burst.” 248/260 “Just go, I’ll wait here.”

“No! I…” She was still holding on to me like we were still dancing. “I just really wanted to dance with you some more.” So that was it, I guess in the end it was still my fault, more or less.

“We can dance some more when you get back. I’ll dance with you whenever you’d like. No go pee, before you do it in your pretty dress.” Mira was blushing harder than ever, but she ran out of the ballroom, towards the nearest toilet. I was half tempted to follow her, but I was distracted by my new discovery. Mira’s status screen was still floating in my field of view, but Mira was no longer anywhere to be seen. Thus far, I had only ever seen the status of something within my immediate line of sight, but now, perhaps because the window had been open before Mira left the room, I could still see her status. I made my way back towards the table as I watched Mira’s status. Faster than I expected, her bladder began to empty, and I saw her current capacity fall. The bathroom must have been closer than I remembered, but then, at 220/260, it stopped again. Maybe she hadn’t quite made it after all. A minute or so passed before the number moved again, this time it went all the way to nearly zero.

It was a long time before Mira returned to the ballroom, much longer than it had taken her to leave. She slowly made her way back to the table where I was sitting, blushing all the way, and pinning her dress firmly to her sides with her hands. The dress was long enough that I didn’t expect her to worry about it suddenly blowing up, but Mira didn’t seem to want to risk it. When Mira gingerly took her seat next to me, I leaned over to her.

“Do you want to dance some more?” I at least had the tact not to ask if she had made it on time, although that didn’t stop me from looking at her status.

“Mhmhm.” Mira violently shook her head no. “But you said you would dance with me whenever I want, right?”

“Yeah, sure. I’d love to.” I answered, not paying close attention. I was too busy looking at Mira’s status. It had been a while, but I was able to view Mira’s clothing, listed under equipment. I had thought to look for her panties, maybe see if they were listed as ‘wet’ or not, but they didn’t seem to show up. Either my ability wasn’t able to show clothing I couldn’t actually see, or she wasn’t wearing any panties.

Mira opened her mouth to say something, but she was cut off as her father shouted something. The duke and his companions had been slowly but surely becoming even louder as they continued to talk and argue and drink, but now the duke was practically shouting, and it seemed like no one in the room knew exactly what to do. Some were still talking amongst themselves, but many seemed to think the duke was trying to address the whole room, as he was standing up and ranting mostly incoherently to no one in particular. Something about “A King,” and “Bets,” something about a man with two heads. It really didn’t make sense me, but apparently the two men from earlier agreed fervently as they were pounding their drinks on the table after every half-formed sentence. Eventually the duke passed out in his seat, and that was apparently the end of the party, as most people began milling around the exit.

At the time, I was quite concerned. Duke Rowen’s behavior, even if he was drunk, seemed too over the top. Later, when I mentioned the incident to Chelly, who still insisted on caring for me (even though I insisted I was fine on my own), she didn’t seem concerned. She told me that it was considered polite for the host to drink the most, and Duke Rowen was quite the prolific drinker when the occasion called for it. Apparently, many parties weren’t considered truly finished until at least one member of the hosting family was passed out in a puddle of something that was there own making.

It was also Chelly who confided in me that a maid had found a pair of stained panties tucked behind a potted plant in the first floor bathroom.

###

We're nearing the end of the childhood period. If I was to start over, there would be a number of things I would change about this story, but I would definitely cut this first part of the story much much shorter. I am afraid it's dragged on too long, and I am very much looking forward to what comes next.

As I alluded to earlier, I have recently been commissioned to write stories for an individual, (If someone pays me to do it, that means I'm a professional, right?) which has prompted me to start a patreon as the easiest way to accept commissions. This feels too 'self-promotey' for my tastes, but if you would like to commission a story from me, or get access to other commissioned stories, you can check out the patreon page here:

$$

*131*2016-11-29 21:33

Thanks for your kind words. There's always the risk with such long gaps between posts that people will have forgotten or stopped caring about the story.

*136*2016-12-01 16:15

{{9 hours ago, Roka-tan said:

Still totally shipping Kyler X Mira. If this ship does not sail through the other arcs, of if it gets NTR'd to hell, I'm rioting. =T

Shipping aside, I don't think the Childhood arc has been dragged out at all. As far as I can tell, there's still so much writing potential for the arc. Either way, another great chapter. :)

}}

Ha, I'm not a big fan of NTR, so there shouldn't be any worry there, although I can't promise there won't be other contenders as we go. You'll just have to wait and see.

