Morning Desperation and Full Bladder Sex

Author: docsteve

*000*2016-01-23 03:29

Since there is so much female content, here's something for the ladies to enjoy.

I'm at the mall and really have to pee. I mean seriously, desperately, grabbing my crotch have to pee. I race from store to store frantically searching for a bathroom but can't find one. My situation is getting more and more critical with each passing moment. I can't understand why there isn't a bathroom to be found here. Finally, I'm reaching my limit and not sure how much longer I can hold it in and... I wake up.

Wait! What's happening? Where am I? I was just at the mall searching for a bathroom. Now I'm in a very dimly lit room. It takes a moment for me to process the situation. In short order, I become aware of several things. I'm in bed. My wife is not. And I actually do really, really need to pee just like in my dream. Oh right, we're on vacation and we're in our hotel room. We had quite a bit to drink last night which probably explains the state of my bladder.

At the same moment all of this dawns on me, I hear my wife start to pee a loud forceful stream in the bathroom. I realize that her getting up is probably what woke me (along with my urgent need to pee). Hearing her emptying her pent up pee immediately makes my bladder want to do the same. I have to tense my muscles and squeeze myself to fight off a strong urge. I'm very warm and cozy in bed but as much as I'd like to stay under the covers, I know I'm going to have to get up and take care of this little problem (well maybe not so little - I'm quite full).

My wife climbs back into bed and I blow her a kiss to let her know I'm awake. Just as I start to get up for a much-needed pee, I hear her say, "Come on over". Shit. I've seriously got to pee, like really bad, but I've also been super horny because we haven't been able to have sex recently. We've been looking forward to this trip to fix that. I decide to risk it and slide back under the covers and cuddle up to her. I'm hoping that she doesn't just want to go back to sleep because there's no way I'll be able to just lie still. I have to pee much too badly for that. Fortunately, as soon as I come over, she starts kissing me and rubbing my crotch.

I'm always super sensitive when I'm desperate and I can't help but squirm at her touch which just encourages her to rub harder. Damn I have to pee but that feels so good. I'm grinding against her, totally turned on due to my aching bladder and knowing that we're finally going to have some long overdue sex. I'm not usually one to rush these things but I can't help thinking I hope it doesn't take long so that I can empty my bursting bladder as soon as possible. The question is do I let my wife know about my desperation.

Not to spoil the mood or anything, but I realize that we don't have a box of tissues on the bedside table like we do at home and we're going to need them in a few minutes.

Me: We don't have any tissues.

Her: Should I go get them?

Me: Or... I could get them... and pee while I'm up.

Her: Oh?

Me: Well you got to get up and pee but I haven't yet.

Her: You don't really want to get up, do you (as she continues to rub and squeeze me through my underwear)?

Me: Um, well, uh, that feels really good but I do really have to pee (I say that as I shift around in bed, unable to stay still).

Her: That can wait. Isn't this better than going into the cold bathroom? Stay here where it's warm and comfortable. You are comfortable, aren't you?

Me: Um, not exactly. Comfortable isn't the word I'd use right now.

Her: No? Why not? Something wrong?

Me: Uh, n-no, n-nothing's wrong (I lie, and she knows it, as I continue squirming and tensing my muscles down there to keep over 9 hours of pee inside).

Her: That's good, because I want you here right now.

She leans over and opens the drawer and pulls out a little pack of tissues.

Her: Here, we have tissues after all. Now there's no reason for you to get up since that's all you needed (conveniently ignoring my other more pressing need).

Well no chance of me peeing now, at least not until we're done in bed. I've been on my side but I roll onto my back and she turns to face me, continuing with her hand on my cock and now rubbing my belly with her other hand putting more pressure on my bladder. I can't stay still at all and she's loving every second of it. Then she pushes up and straddles me, slowly rubbing her crotch back and forth against my rock hard erection. Every time she moves forward, her weight shifts onto my bladder which makes it extra hard to hold it in. Oh my god! I have got to pee so, so bad!

After a few more minutes of her torturing my bursting bladder like that, I need to finish this soon or else things are going to get wet and messy. I'm ready to burst in more ways than one if you know what I mean. I roll her off of me onto her back, sucking on her breast the whole time, which always drives her wild. She doesn't have to pee but she's squirming for another reason. I quickly slide off my underwear and then hers. "In a hurry?" she asks. I'm having trouble speaking at this point but manage to say, "I want you now."

"Are you sure you don't just want to get it over with so you can pee?" she asks. "Oh, don't mention peeing!" I moan back, using all of my concentration not to lose control, before getting on top of her and sliding my erection into her. Oh my god! I have to pee but this feels incredible. I'm at the point where I feel like I almost can't tell if I'm going to cum or pee. In that condition, it doesn't take me long to climax and squirt my load inside of her. I collapse onto her, breathing hard and a hot sweaty mess.

As usual when I'm really desperate, after I cum my need to pee instantly gets so much worse. As we're both lying there, hearts pounding in our chests, my bladder is sending me a serious warning. GOTTA PEE NOW! I'm still inside of her and she feels me shifting around as I struggle to contain the flood straining to be released.

Her: Problem dear?

Me: Um, kind of.

Her: What's the matter? Need to pee or something?

Me: Well now that you mention it, yes, yes I do!

She laughs and pulls me closer to her, which pushes against my bladder. I moan from the extra pressure.

Her: Must be pretty bad from the way you're acting. Looks like you're serious about having to pee.

Me: I have to go really bad! Is that what you want to hear?

Her: Well you do like holding it, don't you? I know that turns you on.

Me: It does but I'm really desperate. I don't think I can hold it much longer. Can we use those tissues now? Please!

Her: But it feels so good lying here with you inside me, and all your squirming really turns me on. I don't want that to end yet.

Me: Umph! (I'm seriously going to be in trouble if she doesn't let me go). Please! We can still lie together after I go. I promise. (I'm bouncing up and down as I say this - I HAVE TO PEE!!!!)

Her: Well ...I suppose we can do that. (Thank god!)

She grabs the tissues, hands me one and takes a couple for herself. I pull out of her and use the tissue to clean myself off as I roll onto my back, every movement shaking my bladder and making me feel like I'm going to leak any second. Before I have a chance to do anything else, she hops off the bed and heads into the bathroom to clean herself up. NO! Damn!! As gently but quickly as I can, I get myself off the bed. I can't even stand up straight because I have to pee so bad. I'm holding myself for dear life to keep from losing control. Standing makes it 10 times worse. I hobble over to the bathroom to wait for her to come out. The bathroom door is only partially closed so I can see her sitting on the toilet and hear her peeing again which I'm going to do any second now whether I'm at the toilet or not. Suddenly she reaches out and swings the door open, giggling when she seems me standing there like that.

Her: I guess you'd like to get in here.

Me: Only if you don't want to pay to have the carpet cleaned.

Her: I'll be done in a minute.

Me: I sure hope so. I can't remember the last time I had to go this bad. I'm serious! I have to go now!

I stand there for what seems like forever but I'm sure is only a minute or two, doing a major pee dance, hunched over, shaking, and keeping an iron grip on my penis but I can feel myself losing the battle. If she doesn't move I'm not going to make it. I've never wet myself in front of her and don't want to start now. If we were home, there would be another bathroom to use but stuck in a hotel room I've got no other choice

I'm as desperate as I've ever been. Suddenly, a quick spurt escapes me. SHIT! "Are you okay?" Uh, uh, no!. I'm n-not. "Well I can't get up quite yet. You have to hold it." My eyes are tearing up. Holding it is no longer an option. I step into the bathroom, frantic, not knowing what else to do. "You could wait your turn." No. No I can't!! You don't understand. Another spurt comes out and she sees it. My face feels flushed. I'm totally embarrassed but I'm beyond caring at that point. I'm not going to be able to stop it again. I take a step toward the tub.

"What are you doing?" I HAVE TO PEE! She starts to tell me she's done and stands up but it's too late. I let go and the pee just sprays out of me like a fire hose into the tub. Oh my god! The relief is incredible. I can't believe I'm doing this in front of her but I couldn't hold it another second. Better the tub than the floor. I pee for at least 30 seconds before my stream finally tapers off. I realize she was just standing there watching the whole time. I tell her I'm sorry for doing that. She comes over and hugs me and apologizes. "No, I'm sorry. I didn't realize you had to go that bad. I would have let you go first." It's okay. At least I made it in here. I wasn't sure there for a minute. "Well maybe next time I owe you some good desperation from me." Ooh. I like the sound of that. And with that, we climb back into bed for some more fun....

*002*2016-04-07 02:34

Thanks. Glad you liked it.

