The Home Stay Mistake

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2012-02-23 05:25

The Home Stay Mistake

No, this is NOT going to be a Lolicon or anything like it, but it will include a few accidental wettings by the girls in the main body of the story. The man is only interested in having them to show his girlfriend that he can handle kids, so there will be no intimacy or sexual relations between the twenty-five year old man and the twelve year old girls. Just so you know:

Warnings:

**Accidental wettings by twelve year old girls and mention of girl’s privates as well as nudity and changing. He is a young man that is not very understanding of their problems at first as he really doesn’t know what he is doing. Therefore, he will come across very accusatory and mean, at least at first.**

**For those of your strongly against punishment for wetting, be warned that this Definitely is NOT the story for you. The girls will be lightly punished and told that they should know better and that they should be ‘old enough to be able to control themselves.’**

**One of the girls may end up pooping her panties, so do be aware that it could be in the story. I haven’t decided yet, when or where it will happen.**

**The story is NOT meant for arousal, but as this fan club sometimes sees wetting as arousal, so just be warned that the girls here are children, and it was not intended to be such with this story**

**The Chapters are not going to be labeled Chapter one or Two, but more likely, when the theme changes, there will be a subtitle in larger font as you will see when I am introducing names. Each post will then not necessarily be considered one chapter, but maybe several sections in this somewhat diary style story.**

If you would like to suggest a theme, please feel free, but be aware that if it doesn’t fit the characters or the way things are going, it may not happen for a while or may even be ignored. I like getting input, but I will not promise to use everything that I come across.

Thank you for showing interest, and now…

I Present the following Story…

Staring a young man as the host: Steve Gray

Starting the young girls: Megan from England, Haruka from Japan, Mary from South Africa, and Anna from Romania.

The year: Circa 1985

The Spawning of a program was to promote world peace and educate youth about different parts of the world. It is assumed there are other Home Stay students and Hosts worldwide with Americans going abroad as well as America receiving young people.

In a small town in Wyoming.... (For those of my readers who do not know Wyoming, it is a state in the north western part of the United States, but about three states East of the Pacific Ocean).

The Home Stay Mistake

Steven Gray:

“What makes you think you are ready to have kids?” his girlfriend’s voice still rang through his ears even the day after their argument. The young man rubbed his sandy-brown hair with his left hand as he tried to think how he could impress upon her that he was willing and ready to have kids.

Flipping on the television at ten thirty in the morning, he caught something about an experimental program. In the 1980s, no one would have thought that kids could survive going overseas on their own, but this was being advertised as a news program on some channel he rarely watched. For a moment or two, he watched thinking how crazy it sounded.

After nearly fifteen minutes, however, it hit him that if he became a sponsor for the program and had a young person stay at his house with him, that perhaps, he could prove to his girlfriend that he was ready for the next step. “I’ll do it,” he finally concluded with himself.

Calling the number on the screen, he set up an appointment with a counselor in Cheyenne in a couple of days. Cheyenne was going to be a bit of a drive, but the place he lived at was quite small. There was no large office there.

Steven smiled as he was told what paperwork to bring with him, and to also have an essay to hand in telling about his plans with having a young person stay with him. The further he thought about it, the more he wondered if they really would let him have a young person for a year.

Finally, the morning of the big appointment had come, and Steven had to get to Cheyenne before three in the afternoon to meet with a Mrs. Roberts. He took along his essay and papers, checked that everything was in order and started out. He felt a little nervous with butterflies in his stomach, but nonetheless, drove.

“Well, Mr. Gray, you see the thing is that we normally want families and couples at the very least. These kids that are coming here to America are basically going to be alone, scared, and in desperate need of friends their own age to help them cope.”

“I see,” Steve said dejected. “Well, you can’t blame me for trying.”

Steve walked dejectedly from the office thinking what a waste of four hours driving and then another hour and a half interview. He really wasn’t looking forward to his drive home, but then what choice did he have? It figured that they would want to put the kids in families. Anything, he though, to keep him from having one to show his girlfriend that he could handle kids.

By June, Steve thought he was losing his girlfriend over one very small thing, and there was nothing he could to do prove to his girlfriend that he would make a good father. He was just about to give up when he got up late one Monday morning and checked his mail.

He looked inside the box and discovered four brown official looking envelopes. When he saw the front of the envelopes, his mouth dropped.

The Department of Education:

Home Stay Program:

That was what was on the envelopes, and Steve shook his head. How many notices did they have to send you that you were rejected? He took them into the house along with an electric bill and some catalog that he always threw away.

Steven put the envelopes on the table thinking he should just throw them in the trash with the magazine. There was little chance that he got the position with the Home Stay Program, and he really didn’t want to read a rejection letter at this time.

For the next two hours, the envelopes sat on the table because Steve was too nervous to open them but was very reluctant in just throwing them out. Finally, he took a deep breath as he passed by the table for the fifth time in those two hours, and he picked one up. He sliced it open with a letter opener, and he took a peek at the top sentence.

“We are pleased to inform you that a young lady from England is thrilled to get the chance to come to your home and share it with you for nine months starting in September. Should you accept this young lady, you should call us immediately at the Home Stay office to ….”

His eyes lit up as if Christmas had come to June! He had been accepted? He then looked at the other three envelopes and wondered what further details they could have missed in giving him since he was supposed to call. He opened the second letter very excited to see what else there was to know about this Megan girl from the first letter, but it was not about Megan.

“Dear sir,

We are pleased to inform you that Anna from Romania would like to accept your warm welcome ….”

Two girls? Wow! How could he be so lucky? Then he eyed the other two envelopes wondering if they were two more children he would get to watch, or if they were letters of regret about the mistakes. He nervously took the third letter in hand.

“Dear sir,

Haruka would love to ….”

Three girls! And the fourth letter was yet another girl from South Africa named Mary! He was getting all girls, from different parts of the world, and all he had to do was call the number. How could he be getting four different kids when the program really just wanted families? Was it a mistake?

Steve didn’t think much on it though, but just called the number.

“Yeah, this is Steve Gray. You sent me some information about ….”

“Oh, yes, Steve!” the woman on the other end of the phone spoke softly into the phone. “I am pleased that we have changed our mind about you and have decided that were fit to be a part of our program. You will be receiving your student on August tenth at the airport in Cheyenne. You should come with a sign made up so your student can recognize you. You will also be mailed flight information for your student in the next week or so. I hope you will have a good time with your exchange student.”

The woman hardly let him get a word in edgewise, but he wasn’t so sure he wanted to say anything. She kept saying student, but he had letters for four students. They were all going into the seventh grade according to the letters, and each of them were written as though he would be getting just the one.

The phone call ended rather quickly, and before he knew it, he had accepted responsibility for being in the program.

About a week later, he had four different letters, this time, describing that he had to meet two different flights. Three of the girls were coming on the same flight from New York, and one of the girls, the Japanese girl, was coming on one from California. They also suggested to have anything with him that he’d think a twelve year old girl might need as each and every one of these girls were going to be twelve by the time he met them.

Megan Morrison:

As usual, Megan woke up at about six in the morning, and beneath the blankets that she slept under, she felt the wet slimy feel of urinated panties and bedding. Even now at the age of 11, she was still wetting the bed. When was she going to outgrow this problem? Any minute now, her mother would be coming in to wake her, and then chew her out for having wet the bed yet again. She was the oldest and setting a very bad example for her younger brother.

Megan sighed and kicked the blankets away from her sitting up on her bed. It was no use trying to hide it because her mother would find out soon enough. She walked to the bedroom door, and opened it looking down the hall to the left to see her mother coming to get her.

Megan walked out into the hallway with her head down. “Morning mom,” she greeted her in a very low and ashamed voice.

“Wet again, Megan?” her mother asked.

“Yes ma’am.”

“Go get a shower,” her mother sighed as she walked past her eldest child to the kitchen. Megan lived in the central part of England. She was in her first year of secondary school, the sixth grade. This made the situation even worse as her mom or dad would often remind her that she was out of elementary school, but still wetting her bed like a baby.

Megan didn’t expect anything good to come of a day like this.

Three hours later, Megan Morrison was called out of class to the principal’s office. Several kids ooohed at her thinking she must be in trouble. Even Megan shook a little as she stood up because ordinarily, the only people that saw the principal were the ones that were caught doing bad things, but she was not the kind to start trouble. She was actually on the honor roll yet again for the third month this year. The month was already approaching April though.

Megan raised her hand and tentatively knocked on the headmistress’s door.

“Come in,” the woman said from behind the door, and Megan walked in her head held in shame though she didn’t know yet what she had done.

“You wanted to see me?” she said in a very shy voice that was hardly a note above a mouse’s squeak.

“Yes, Ms. Morrison. You have been chosen for a very special treat next year.”

Megan looked up at the principal, her eyes wide. “Next year?”

“You have been chosen to represent our school in a preliminary experimental exchange program. You will get to go to another country and make interesting friends and learn how things work there for a year, and then come back to our school and talk to us about what it was like.”

“You mean… I… I won?” she asked the headmistress. The students had all written an essay entitled “World Community,” and they were all told that a special prize would await the winner.

“Yes, you won!” she smiled at Megan.

Megan, however, did not feel very lucky. She didn’t really want to go to some place overseas without her parents, mostly because she knew that she had night problems about two or three times a week, and also because she had never been anywhere without her parents.

“This really is a chance of a lifetime,” the headmistress tried to convince Megan. “You may be the only person that gets to participate in the program depending how it goes next year, and what an experience to go to school overseas and have a chance to meet new friends!”

“I know,” she said in a soft voice that showed that she was ashamed of not being excited, however, it was hard to get excited about going somewhere strange and knowing that someone else would see her waking up in a wet bed most likely.

“Is there something you need to tell me?” the principal asked her.

“No, nothing,” she blushed. There was no way she was telling the headmistress that she was a bed wetter at eleven years old, and going on nearly twelve in what, about a month or so.

Anna Heimezi:

The little girl called Anna had a deep tan though most would still consider her Aryan in color. Her eyes were a deep blue even darker than the ocean, and her puffy lips were pink. Her hair was quite dark so that some confused its likeness to pure black though when she came out of the shower, streaks of it would be light enough to show its truly brownish nature.

One of the smallest and poorest countries in Europe at the time with a dictator that controlled all, Romania kept its people as ignorant as possible so that they could be better manipulated by the ruler.

Anna had been going to one of the poorest schools in the country where the only teacher was responsible for teaching all the elementary grades. The teacher was a very strict woman that told the students that they had to focus on their studies four hours a day.

The run down school had very little in the way of play equipment outside, and mostly, the children were just expected to study during the morning anyway, then they would be taken home, and as the walk was quite long, that meant that Anna would arrive at her house at about three-thirty in the afternoon despite leaving at 12:30 just after lunch.

It was the way things had always been though, so she accepted it as normal. The teacher, however, had passed off the other kids to a trusted friend to walk them home because she had to talk to Anna one afternoon.

“Anna, we need to talk about something important that maybe a great opportunity for you.”

Anna nervously waited for everyone else to leave and then she sat listening to her usually very stern and strict teacher, who now had a smile on her face?

“There is an experimental program that our government would like us to participate in, and at this school, you are the smartest person and therefore the most likely to set forth a good impression.”

Anna’s eyebrow furrowed a moment. She wasn’t quite sure she understood what the lady was saying.

“We would like you to go to America to represent our school for the next school year.”

Anna felt a high spirit take over her thoughts, and the excitement that resided within her breasts wouldn’t let her think straight even though her gut told her that there would be scary parts of the trip to come. She couldn’t help but ignore her gut feeling at the moment for the sensation of adventure.

“Why does the dictator want someone to leave the country though?” Anna finally found the reason to ask her teacher.

“He wants us to learn something about how the rest of the world works and that way, we would better understand his benevolence in protecting the people here.”

“Protecting?” Anna nearly snorted. “Alright, I’ll go to this America and learn what I can about what differences lay in that place and our own beautiful land.”

Mary Juanish:

The apartheid was at its strongest in the nineteen eighties in South Africa, and as an ebony girl, Mary was subject to the cruelty of the government and the unfair practices of schools and society. It was the only way she knew though, so she kept her mouth shut, well, most of the time. Still, there were times when she wanted to say something and to declare how unfair it was that the black children were kept in a corner in the cafeteria at school, if they were allowed to attend at all.

This elementary school that Mary was attending was a little different from most in that the school allowed those kids of the very well behaved blacks to attend alongside the white kids. Their definition of alongside, however, was quite skewed and upsetting to the participants of the experimental program.

Mary and her two friends of ebony color were in the back of the classroom furthest from the blackboard though Mary could barely see what was written from there. She had no right to get glasses, and had been on a waiting list to see the optician for nearly two years when they first discovered that she might have some vision problems.

“Mary, please take Jojo to the bathroom,” Mrs. Conner said when her friend had raised her hand to go. It was ridiculous that just because they were not the ivory color of society’s perfect people, that the teachers didn’t trust them to go alone, but a white kid was always allowed to leave on her own.

The two girls sighed and stood up. They knew that their time was limited and if they were even a few seconds late, they would be in trouble. Mary walked with Jojo through the halls of the old school to the back where the outhouse for ebony children was located.

“It’s so humiliating to have to walk all the way to the back of the school, wait for whoever is in the outhouse, and do your business in front of another,” Jojo sighed to Mary.

Mary nodded her head in agreement.

They stood outside in the cooling temperatures of the April season while they waited for the boy that was inside. They knew it was a boy because the person standing outside waiting for him was a boy.

A couple of hours after that incident on that Wednesday afternoon, a couple of black office workers came to Mary’s class and spoke with her teacher.

“Mary is wanted in the headmaster’s office,” they told her not too quietly.

Giving Mary a look of concern thinking that even though she was normally not a troublemaker, but somehow must be in trouble she gestured for Mary to follow the staff to the office.

In the office, her parents, the principal, and someone from the government were all there. They handed her some paper that said that she was going to go to America to study because they needed someone from the minority of their culture, and Mary was the best behaved.

It was all related to getting this special grant money, which was the same reason that Mary was even allowed to attend the school.

“You will be expected to be polite and present the best face you can,” Mary was warned though as they explained about the wonderful opportunity that she was being given.

Haruka Satou

Haruka was, even among her peers in junior high, a very short girl. Her hair hung in braided tails that someone once told her was called pigtails in America came down to her shoulders. It was black, soft, and shiny. Her bright brown eyes looked at her world with wonder.

In those days, kids didn’t have cell phones and video games to be taken by the teachers, however, they had other things that sometimes got them into trouble. The latest comic books, Walkman carry around stereos, and playful gadgets like laser light pens were among the few items that a teacher’s desk drawer may present from students who broke the rules about ‘no toys’ at school.

Haruka had not been in Junior high school for even a month, when sometime in April she was called to speak with the principal of her school. In Japan, students knew that important opportunities were just as often the reason for seeing the principal as being in trouble. Actually, students rarely ever saw the principal when they were in trouble because the teachers would just handle most of the problems.

The principal was wearing a smile as she knocked, excused herself in, and then looked up to see the man that led their school. Mr. Watanabe was a middle aged man with some silver along the side of his darker hair. He had gray eyes that seemed to study you as he even looked past you.

The nice gray suit with red tie was professional, but the wrinkles near his eyes were friendly. He rarely ever scolded students, and most often didn’t bother with talking to students who would be troublesome.

“You are about to be one of Japan’s first junior ambassadors to America,” he informed her. “You will impress our American neighbors and let them see the strength of Japan.”

Haruka nodded.

“You will be going when their school year begins, so you will probably re-learn some subject material, though having that be in English, it would probably help you pick up the language must faster.”

Haruka nodded.

“Don’t you have any questions?” He asked her.

“No, sensei. I understand perfectly. I will be going to America to say for a year from the next semester, and I must present a strong image so that they will think that Japan is a wonderful country.”

He smiled at her. “Well, as long as we are clear on what our place is, you may go back to class. There will be more details about this adventure in the late summer before you leave.”

Meeting Flight:

Already, the girls had spent between 13 hours for Megan and 30 hours for Haruka on planes and bouncing between airports so that they were all quite tired. Finally, they were on their last leg of the trip from New York to a place called Cheyenne Wyoming.

The lights for the seatbelt were still off, and there were a few people roaming around in the main cabin where most of the passengers were. Haruka was looking out the window wondering things like how the plane could really stay up there for all those hours without dropping to the ground and becoming a heap of junk with burning and crumpled bodies of people. Anna was reading an English story though she was really just pretending as she still found a lot of the words hard to pronounce and some of them didn’t make any sense to her. She liked the pictures. These two girls sat forward of the other two girls.

Mary leaned back in her seat and listened to music though headphones that were plugged into the seat with radio switches. It was really quite an interesting gadget and something she had never expected to see. Her goal was to get used to American music.

Megan’s droopy eyes were a testifying factor that she had not really slept much at all in the thirteen plus hours she had been on the plane. There was the fact that the seats were hard to get comfortable enough in to sleep, and she felt nervous anyway being up in the air and knowing just how devastating a crash could be, but the main reason she didn’t get any sleep, was that she was too nervous of falling into a deep enough sleep that something bad might happen. Something that her mother always scolded her for, and that would humiliate her.

At the moment, all the passengers talked quietly and seemed to have a good time thinking about their destinations. However, there was one kind of nervous Japanese girl that was still staring out into the clouds who might have been having a more difficult time. Next to her, Anna could see that she was squeezing her legs together from time to time, and her shoulders were shaking a bit.

Haruka finally looked up at the sign to confirm that she was allowed to take off her belt, and she started to walk a little unsteadily and nervously towards the front of the small jet. A few people smiled at her as she passed them, and she took her place in line to wait for the small closet like space that they kept weird flushing toilets in.

As she waited her turn, there was an announcement that she couldn’t quite understand that came over the airways, but as she saw people moving from the lines to their seats, she understood. It had been the same when she rode the international flight that she could understand. Apparently, they had to return to their seats, so sighing a moment, she stood wondering if she could sneak in before they found her.

“Miss,” a flight attendant smiled at her. “I’m sorry, but you need to return to your seat.”

She looked up at her giving her a smile and continued to wait there in front of the bathroom trying to pretend not to understand, but the attendant took her small hand led her back towards her seat.

“Sorry, but I go a toiret,” she looked up with pleading eyes.

“You’ll have to wait. We are landing now, and everyone has to be in their seats or you could get hurt,” the stewardess responded trying to sound nice.

Haruka nodded though she didn’t really understand everything the older lady had told her. It was clear that she had to return to her seat and wait.

Haruka was led by her hand, and next to the tall American stewardess, she looked even younger, almost as if she were only nine or maybe even eight years old. She sighed as she sat down and the lady tightened her seatbelt for her.

Once Haruka sat down, she crossed her legs and looked out the window. Anna thought that she looked quite peculiar, but there was no point in drawing attention that would embarrass them both. Instead, she moved herself so that she could ignore the girl’s lightly wavering knees and her gaze that stared out the window.

Next to Anna, Haruka’s small form not only seemed extremely short and her face quite child-chubby like, but now she was starting to move her legs and bottom in a desperate dance to contain her bladder and this made her seem like a very small child. Tears were starting to stream down Haruka’s face as she gazed out the window, but her legs were still moving side to side trying to prevent the shameful yellow fluid from escaping its prison.

“This is the captain,” a man over the radio addressed the passengers. “I would like to inform you at this time that we have a bit of a delay, and we will be starting our descent in the next ten minutes. Please sit tight and continue to relax with your seats in the landing position and we will have you on the ground as soon as we can.”

Haruka looked away from the window towards the aisle, up and down it, trying to see if a stewardess was about, but it seemed that they too, were sitting at the moment. It seemed that no one was allowed to leave their seats, so she knew that she shouldn’t stand up.

She raised herself up as much as she could so she could pulled her skirt down more to make sure her panties were well covered. She sighed as she looked up at the sign and played more with the hem not really needing to pull her skirt any lower, but just very nervous that she was getting desperate.

Beads of sweat were starting to form on her brow.

Anna kept glancing at her and a part of her wanted to tell the smaller to grow up, but then a small part of her wanted to baby the girl and tell her that she understood what it felt like to have to wait, but that she could do it. There was no telling if the Japanese girl was really twelve years old just by looking at her, but as the homestay director in New York had told the four of them that they were all about twelve years old, she knew that the girl was older than she looked.

Haruka’s knees were bouncing up and down and swaying side to side. Her face was red and had perspiration that ran down her neck and from her brow. A sharp long intake of breath was pulled through her teeth as she worried about how long it would take to land. The situation was growing desperate, and it wouldn’t be long before she’d start to feel warmth between her legs.

The plane seemed to scream and vibrate under her legs as it was finally starting to approach the ground. Haruka’s face was in the window, her face hot with redness and sweat as she continued to fight her losing battle. Her legs were bouncing and wiggling all over the place, and her hands were in her crotch trying to her panties dry.

When the plane touched the ground jolting her very slightly, she thought she was going to lose some but, it was even smoother than she remembered the last landing, and somehow, she was still holding on. The plane stopped out at the field for a few minutes, and a few adults started to stand up from their seats.

Haruka also wanted to stand up and go see if the bathrooms were unlocked, but just as she was about to stand up, a flight attendant seemed to materialize in front of her, and shook her head. “It’s not safe to get out of your seat yet,” the lady looked sternly at her.

It seemed to take forever for the plane to move she shivered and writhed in desperation. Finally, it was approaching the gate, and all Haruka could do was hold her hands between her legs and try to stay dry. Meanwhile, everyone else was starting to walk the crowded aisle towards the gate entrance tunnel.

The other three girls were also trapped in their seats, not because of Haruka, but because the adults were being pushy and didn’t seem to want to let them out, so the four could only stand up and proceed towards the gate once the aisle was free.

At the Airport:

Steve was at the airport about an hour early, and nervously he waited near the gate for the girls. He couldn’t believe that he was actually going to get to watch four little kids, and have some solid proof for his girlfriend that he could take care of children.

As the time drew near, the attendants marked the board with the flight he was waiting for as delayed. He sighed and walked up to the counter. “Do you know how long it will be delayed?” he asked a young woman there.

“About thirty minutes sir.”

Steve nodded and walked down the corridor to the bathrooms to take care of business, and then he went to a bakery to get a cup of coffee and a roll while he waited. The thirty minutes seemed to drag on and on, and the feeling of waiting made him more and more nervous like someone could snatch these young children right from his guardianship at the very last moment.

Noting that the time was getting close, he stood up from the stool, brought his tray to the front where they took it to wash his dishes, and then he strolled at a lazy pace even though his heart was thumping back towards the gate where his ‘kids’ were arriving.

Anna took Haruka’s things for her while the very small girl made her way towards the ramp that would take the girls into the airport, and hopefully to a bathroom before she started to wet her panties. Already, her hands were digging into her skirt as she walked, and her thighs were squeezed tightly together so that only from the knees down, was she actually taking small steps.

Mary was unsure of what she could do for the little girl in front of her. Compared to Mary, Haruka looked no bigger than an eight year old, maybe a nine year old child. She would have said something if she could just think of the right thing to say that would either encourage the girl or give her reassurance that they wouldn’t laugh at her as she didn’t see how Haruka was going to make it all the way to the bathroom that way.

Haruka prayed with her whole mind and soul that she could get into the airport before anything happened, found her teacher, and then made it to the bathroom. She was nearly in tears as it was from the pressure and pain of trying to keep the liquids back in that flimsy bag called her bladder.

The four girls must have looked adorable to most seeing them coming out from the ramp that exited their plane. The tallest was in front trying to manage three different bags, two smaller girls followed, the very smallest taking small steps and the second smallest whispering to her as the smallest one had tears running down her face, and finally another girl that was shorter than the first but quite a bit taller than the other two and black in the very back leaning down towards the two looking as though she was also whispering.

The four girls walked at Haruka’s pace to the information counter and Megan spoke up for the group as her English would be the best of them.

“Excuse me, miss? Where can we find the water closets?”

“Water closet?” the steward asked looking confused.

“Aren’t we in America?” the girl had an Irish accent.

“Yes, you are,” the lady smiled at her.

“Well, don’t you speak English?”

“Of course,” the woman was starting to get a little impatient at the little girl.

“Well, where is the water closet? This is an emergency,” she pointed to Haruka who was already starting to feel a little thread of pee slipping down her peeing tube and dampening her panties.

“Oh, you mean the ladies’ room?” the steward asked.

“Whatever,” Megan said feeling her face blush. “Just tell us before our friend has an accident. Please.”

“The ladies room,” the dumb American seemed to have to emphasize the name of the place for the little girl again, “is down that hall.”

Megan walked back to give the directions, but it was too late by then. Haruka was already feeling the third little squirt that soaked through her panties and wet her legs just before the whole dam broke, and she squatted right there, the pee forcefully hissing to the floor all over the thin carpet.

The other girls could just stand there and stare while the littlest of them peed her pants in front of them. That was when Steve noticed the small group of girls and walked towards them with a smile on his face.

He looked down at the girl that was squatting and suddenly stepped back away from her as he noticed the spreading liquid on the floor. “ER… are you girls Haruka, Megan, Mary, and Anna?” he asked.

Anna nodded while Megan squatted next to her peer and tried to take her hands from her face. Mary looked away feeling heavily embarrassed at seeing a white girl lose control of herself. The man was now there, and as he was white, she was sure she’d somehow be blamed and punished for Haruka’s accident.

Steven shook his head at the two smaller girls, pushed Megan gently out of the way, and picked the smallest wet girl up.

“Come on, girls, let’s get this little one out of her.” He said carrying her. “Megan, please get Haruka’s bag. I’ll need the other two to maneuver the luggage cart for your luggage since I need to carry Haruka.”

They went to baggage claim where Steve put Haruka down for the moment, wiped her eyes with his thumbs, and whispered that it was okay. He stood by the rotating baggage claim ready to pick out the bags that the girls pointed to.

“I’ll get the bags, just tell me which ones,” he told the girls. “I’m sure that you can do it by yourself if you have to, but as I’m your guardian and you are only twelve, I want to make sure you don’t hurt yourself trying to get your bags.”

He put the bags on a luggage cart, with Haruka back up in his arms, her crotch getting the front of his shirt wet, and her butt getting the left arm of his shirt wet, the two bigger girls pushing the cart of bags and Megan carrying just her own carry bag, they made progress towards the car in the parking lot.

At the car, Steven told the three of the girls that were dry to get in the back, and he put Haruka down next to the front passenger side.

“Wait a moment, baby. I need to get a blanket for you to sit on or you’ll get my seat all wet. You are finished peeing aren’t you? If not, just go right now because I don’t want you getting pee on my car seat and ruining the car.”

Haruka looked up at him not really sure of everything he was saying. She looked down at her pants, and then back at him.

“Nevermind,” he sighed. He went to the back took out a blanket, and wrapped it around her waist, then he pulled her skirt down from under the blanket. “You don’t want to get your nice skirt stained, do you?”

Again, Haruka didn’t understand, but she just let him take her skirt off of her, and then he carefully put her in the car so that her panties were on the blanket and wouldn’t get his seat wet. Finally, he folded her shirt putting it on her lap, and then put the bags into the trunk of the car.

Are twelve year old girls babies, or young ladies?

*001*2012-02-24 09:51

Almost another One?

Steve looked over at Haruka and glancing down at her blanket covered lap, her dark blue skirt folded and place on top of it, he whispered to her. “You are a bit too old to be doing this unless, you have something wrong with you.”

Haruka blushed. She knew that he was getting at what she had done, and it made her feel worse though she didn’t know how to answer him, or how to tell him that it wasn’t her fault. The English words just wouldn’t come to her lips, and anyway, she didn’t even understand how to explain it in Japanese because ordinarily, she would not have had to wait like that.

“So sorry,” was the only thing she would think of to say.

Anna looked out the window hoping that he wasn’t going to keep on about what happened to Haruka the whole way to his house. It just seemed so unfair given the situation, and yet, she also didn’t know how to explain it because no one else that she could tell had had that happen to them on the plane.

Megan kept her head down and stayed quiet. She knew what would probably help to explain it, but she was not keen on getting his attention directed at her as he might ask her about her own problems, and thought it had been a while since she had last had it happen, she didn’t want it to come up.

Mary shook her head and looked out the window. She could do without any extra attention on her too, because she assumed that like all whites, he would be ready to blame her for the incident if she said anything at all. The way of things in South Africa in the 1980s, was that if a black person wanted no trouble, she had only to keep her mouth shut and her nose pointed only in her own affairs.

Haruka looked up at him after saying she was sorry for the third time. There was something in her eyes that made Steve feel sorry for her. She looked so little and helpless in her state, and he smiled.

“Well, I guess you’re just a little girl,” he said putting the car into drive. “Let’s just get you home so that we can get you out of those wet panties and once you are cleaned up, I’m sure you’ll feel a lot better.”

How could he be mad at the ‘little’ girl who sat next to him looking a lot younger than twelve, and so cute with her sad eyes cast down at the blanket in front of her? He was soon turning onto a main roadway that headed towards the interstate.

“How far is it to your house?” Anna spoke up from the back seat. “We’ve been on the plane for all day, and getting tired to travel.”

Steven looked back at her through the rearview mirror. “I’m sorry, but it’s about a three or four hour drive to my house in the small town that I live in. Would you like me stop somewhere to get dinner on the way?”

“That would be very nice,” she smiled up towards the front. “And maybe we can do something else, too,” but she didn’t say what that was and for the moment, Steve let the comment pass without a response.

It wasn’t long before the girls realized that he had already gotten on the interstate. The sun was slowly dipping in front of them. Mary was surprised by the many cars she had seen in the city, and by the wide roads. Haruka was also very surprised by the extremely large roads and by the driver’s side being on the ‘wrong’ side of the car.

Haruka reached under the blanket and pulled at her panties because they were irritating her sensitive reddened skin that was caused by the drying urine in her panties. She rolled onto her left hip so she could try pulled the fabric away when Steve saw her reaching her hand into the blanket.

“What are you doing?” he asked her looking a little upset, his eyes narrowed and a frown on his face.

Haruka blushed at him mostly because she didn’t know what he was upset about, but when he pulled her hand out from under the blanket, that even made her more upset as tears started to slide down her plush face.

“You don’t go and pee your pants, and then start touching it,” he said. “That’s dirty!”

Haruka didn’t know what to say because the words wouldn’t come to her in English. What she wanted to say, was that she wasn’t touching, but that she was just pulling her panties away from her privates as it kind of itched and burned a little.

He looked once more at her pleading face with a stern sour frown until she looked down, and then returned his gaze to the road. Haruka pulled the blanket carefully over her to make sure her panties were covered. She was a getting scared that he might be losing his patience with her.

In the back, Mary was starting to fidget some. She didn’t know if it was a good idea to mention anything at the moment because Haruka was already in deep water, and she really didn’t want him yelling at her, or even noticing that she had to go to the bathroom.

Haruka, about thirty minutes later, started playing with the blanket again. She wasn’t sure she could keep her hands away from her panties as they were starting to cause her to itch really bad again, and she could still feel just enough wet clamminess that she would almost give anything to get into a clean pair of panties.

Finally, the city lights of the next town could be seen, and the girls started to feel the car slowing down. For the most part, Steven had put the radio on to calm everyone, especially himself. Haruka has just closed her eyes, and when she thought he wasn’t looking , she pulled at her panties to keep them from resting against her sore lips. Mary was started to knock her legs together a little but she still wasn’t really that desperate.

“We are coming into Laramie,” Steve told the girls.

“Is that where you live?” Anna asked him.

“No, but it’s where we are going to have dinner,” he informed them. “Once we have dinner, it will be about another two and a half hours to our place in a small town called Hanna.”

“How much longer to get to someplace to stop?” Mary asked him.

“At least another twenty minutes, Mary. What’s wrong?”

“No…nothing. I just… um… have to pee,” she said looked down at having to admit her situation.

“I’ll have to make arrangements for you soon, then,” Steve said lazily. “Just wait until I can let you go, okay?”

Mary nodded as she was quite used to white people telling her to wait which was one reason she was used to telling people before it was too late what she needed. She sighed and sat back wiggling her legs a bit more. Her side was starting to bug her a little because of it, but she had had to deal with worse before.

Anna blushed when Mary said so easily that she had to pee. One of the reasons she blushed was that Mary could say it, and the other reason was that she was taught it was dirty to say such things out loud and especially with such vulgarity. She had not realized what the word pee meant until Steve immediately picked up on it, and she also thought she had seen an ugly expression on his face, and then she saw Mary to go fidgeting a little.

Megan was also a little embarrassed by Mary’s bluntness and stared out the window of the car trying to hide her red face. Haruka, however, missed the whole exchange as she still didn’t know what the word pee meant.

Another fifteen minutes in the car, soon had Mary bouncing in her seat, and she finally decided to get up on her heel to try to put more pressure on her pee-hole, but the problem was that now, her lavender panties were showing somewhat as her skirt was pulled up a bit high.

“Anna, what are you doing?” Steve asked her.

“What?” she asked looking up at him as if she didn’t think anything was wrong.

“I can see your panties,” he informed her, and that made her blush. “Now sit down properly with your legs together to hide your panties,” he looked back at the road. “Ladies don’t show off their panties to everyone that happens to look.”

Mary whimpered a little at his stinging remark. “I wasn’t showing my panties. I just have to pee badly.”

“And stop saying that,” Steve said with an irritable grunt. “You don’t say words like that in my house.”

“Words like what?” Mary wanted to know.

“Words that imply dirty things,” he spat towards the steering wheel. “You say I have to use the bathroom or go to the powder room or something like that, but you don’t say pee,” he grinded his teeth.

Mary knew from experience that there was a proper time to just shut up even though she wanted to tell him that she didn’t say pee, but pee. Apparently to him, it was all the same thing.

The car pulled up into a somewhat nicer restaurant, but he assured the girls that all, but Haruka, were currently dressed well enough to go in. As for Haruka, he looked over to her. “You don’t want to wear your wet panties into the restaurant, do you?”

She shook her head no thinking that he must be going to leave her in the car or something, but what he had in mind was something that made her wish that he had decided to leave her in the car.

“Stay there a minute,” he told her as he opened his car door. “Anna, please bring a pair of her panties from her bag around to the passenger side.”

Haruka didn’t quite understand yet what it was he was planning on doing, but she shivered in anticipation of what he was thinking. Whatever it was that he had planned, she was sure that it had to involve either wearing wet panties into the restaurant or exposing herself to everyone around her. Those were the only two options that came to mind, and she was right.

Steve walked to the passenger side of the car waiting for Anna to bring a pair of Haruka’s panties from her suitcase. She had taken out some light blue ones with Grumpy Bear on the front. Haruka didn’t know anything about the “Care Bears,” but she thought the cartoony bear was kind of cute at the time she had talked her mom into getting it for her.

Steven opened the blanket exposing her nearly dried and stained violet panties. He leaned over her and whispered to her. “Remove your panties, and then stand up beside me, child. We need to put your panties on you over here because the blanket will just make them wet again.

Haruka looked up at him for a moment, a little nervous at first, but as her privates were itching because she was sitting in pee all that time, she didn’t hesitate for long before nodding and pulling off her damp panties and then standing in front of the man who held her panties out for her to step into.

Once she had her panties on, he looked back towards Anna for the pair of jeans that Anna knew to bring without being told. She had seen how the girl had wet her skirt and knew she’d need to change that too.

Once Haruka was ready to go, Mary starting to step from foot to foot, Steven walked in front while the girls followed him to the ‘King’s Table’ for some dinner. They walked into the doors that led in, where Steve paid the cashier, and then the children were given plates to fill up with whatever they wanted to eat.

“I want you girls to finish whatever you take, but you can go up as many times as you want to eat.”

A smile spread across three of the girls’ faces, but Mary was holding herself and dancing around. Steve pretended to ignore her until they were shown their table, then he took her arm.

“I’m guess you can’t wait?”

Mary shook her head.

“Well, there is only one way that you can go here,” he whispered to her. “Either you let me take you to the bathroom, or you’ll have to wait.”

Mary nodded at him.

“Which do you want?”

“You can take me.”

Mary didn’t care at all that he had gone into the bathroom, and though he had intended to just look and make sure it was empty of anyone else, Mary immediately ran to the toilet for it was a single occupancy toilet and yanking her clothes out of the way, she sat immediately.

Steve closed the door as it was too late to not watch her. He had already seen her getting naked from the waist down, so he figured he might as well walk over to her to check on her. Looking into her panties as she sat on the toilet, he noted that she had leaked a very small amount.

“I’m sorry,” Mary looked up at him.

“It’s alright. I don’t really consider this an accident. You were just having a bad emergency, and you basically made it since most of your clothes are dry, and you can pull these back up without worrying about them getting your skirt wet.”

Back outside, the other girls had obeyed and stayed at the table until he returned. Then, the five of them started loading up on dinner. Steve was going to tell Mary why he had to go with her, but he decided he would wait until later.

