Timiko's special power

Author: Ongeluk

*000*2012-05-27 23:38

A quite short story I wrote last night.

WARNING: involves loli & rape.

Timiko sat there terrorized while her best friend was being recklessly raped. She wanted to scream but no sound would come out of her mouth. She was determined to stand up for Aya but she found herself unable to move. She wished she'd wake up sweating and panting heavily like after a bad dream...

But this was real.

Her own brother was violently intruding her friend's innocent body. He who had always been so caring, so kind and protecting to her. How did he turn into that kind of monster? A monster that was capable of ripping apart a schoolgirl's childhood. One that was wicked enough to ignore the desperate cries of the young life it was destroying.

Timiko felt completely useless, crouched in fetal position, calling the falling sun for help. To help her make her choice, help her find the courage, the strength...

When she felt her panties dampen, she didn't even react. This was nothing compared to the hate that was growing inside her against that thing who had once been her own brother. She had made her choice. Her left eye burned as the massive teardrop welled. Just one, no need for more.

Meanwhile, her warm fluid flowed freely out of her anesthetized body to make its way past her ruined panties into her uniform's skirt, dribbling down her thighs and around her ankles. After her panties, skirt, socks and shoes had absorbed all they were able to, her pee splashed on the ground and started to form a shiny puddle.

The teardrop had left her eye and rolled slowly down her cheek, leaving a glistering track on its way. On her side, Aya had lost all her strenght and gave up her useless struggle while the big hard rod of her agressor thrusted repeatedly inside her burning abdomen, ravaging her previously untouched private parts and taking away forever the cheerfull joy that once characterized her.

Yet, Aya's loud cries couldn't cover the powerful hissing sound of Timiko's own misfortune. Her hot smelly liquid was still pouring out of her smooth girlhood and adding to the growing puddle under her legs and butt. Usually, she would be crying her eyes out in humiliation, as it had been the case countless times when she had wet her self at school or in any other public place one could think of. But this time, her tear wasn't caused by her 'accident'. It served an entirely different purpose. Aya had always been there for her, even when she had been acting insanely childish and immature. It was her turn to stand for her friend this time. Although she couldn't undo what her brother had done to Aya, she was going to stop his madness right there.

As the tear left her cheek to fall toward the golden puddle she had produced, she stared at the monster and whispered: "Sorry, brother, but I'll have to kill you."

She looked up to the sky, praying for her brother's soul. Please, whoever you are, forgive him... forgive me.

And the shining teardrop met the golden puddle...

The sun seemed to shine tenfolds. Its rays refracted through the splashing drop and the concentrated ray reflected into the puddle and right toward the monster. One ray, heading straight to the agressor's head. It hit so powerfully the time seemed to stop for a couple of second.

Then, the monster, her brother, all was left of her family dissolved into the cold evening's air, leaving Timiko completely drenched and the poor Aya crying her eyes out in pain and blood for the loss of her little girl's innocence.

