The Assistant - Page 5

Author: Anubis

*100*2014-01-17 22:40

{{: 

Am wondering if maybe an egg vibrator could be used at some point on either Kathrine or Danielle?

}}

Maybe... Only time will tell.

*105*2014-02-10 18:19

23

Danielle frantically pressed the button for the lobby and the elevator doors quickly closed in front of her. On her way down, she thought to herself, I sure hope that Miss Andrews didn't hear me enter the elevator.

She folded her arms and tapped one foot on the floor nervously, causing her purse to sway where it hung from her shoulder. As the elevator went down, she imagined what Katherine would do when she found out that she was alone on the top floor, locked out of the restroom. When she tried to think about the possible consequences, she dreaded the moment when she would find out what her boss might do to her later on.

What if she goes back on her word and makes me hold my pee all day long tomorrow? I might wet myself in public again! What will I do if that happens?

When the elevator reached the bottom floor, Danielle pushed the unpleasant thoughts from her mind. The doors parted and she stepped out of the lift. At a brisk pace, she left the elevators behind and crossed the lobby towards the front entrance. Before opening the doors and walking out, she quickly glanced over her shoulder, to make sure no one was watching her. Sure enough, there was only one security guard and a woman at the front desk on that floor, neither of them paying her any attention.

Happy that she wasn't being watched, she pushed the doors open and went down the front steps to the parking lot. Still moving quickly, she returned to her car. Using the button on her keyring, she unlocked the doors and got in on the driver side. As she slid in and shut the door behind her, she paused for a moment, trying to imagine what sort of torture her boss might put her through on her second day.

She put the key in the ignition and started the vehicle. She backed out of her parking space and made a sharp left turn. She moved ahead a few hundred feet, before turning, when the pavement came to an end at the front, left corner of the parking lot. Then she turned, went one hundred feet, and turned again when she arrived at the entrance of the parking lot. She got into the middle exit lane, where she waited at a traffic light, to make it easier for her to get out of the parking lot, into the street.

While she sat at the parking lot, waiting for the light to turn, she thought about what might happen on her second day. Based on the information she put on her PDA, she knew that she would be doing a lot of traveling, to meet with some of her boss's clients. This meant that she would be on the road a lot, only stopping at public restrooms when her boss decided to stop at one. She and her bladder would totally be at the mercy of Katherine Andrews.

If Katherine goes back on her word tomorrow, I could be stuck in her car with a full bladder for most of the day, facing the unfortunate possibility of wetting myself in public again, Danielle thought.

Though the possibility of such a scenario taking place was frightening, she also felt herself becoming aroused by the idea. It truly was difficult for her to accept how much she'd changed in one day. It almost seemed impossible. She'd gone from hating the idea of holding and wetting in public, to getting off on it.

She took a moment to imagine herself sitting in the passenger seat, going down the freeway, with her legs crossed and her bladder pressing into the seat belt in Katherine's car. In her mind, she watched the scene unfold, becoming more horny by the second.

“Miss Andrews, that sign back there said that we are coming up to a rest area. It's only a mile away, could you please stop there?”

With a smirk on her face, Katherine Andrews' trademark, she glanced at Danielle and shook her head. “I don't think so. After you locked me out of the restroom and left me alone last night, you're just going to have to hold it.”

Danielle imagined groaning and rubbing her wet crotch with one hand. “But I'm going to burst all over the seat if you don't stop.”

Katherine nodded and chuckled. “Yes, you probably will. If you do, I'll make you clean up the mess. Not only that, but I might make you wear a female chastity device tomorrow. Believe me, you don't want that on you.”

Danielle bit her lower lip when the light in front of her turned green and she turned out onto the road, getting in the right lane. She truly did not know what to expect on her second day, but she was sure that she had a fairly good idea what might happen. After thinking about it for a bit, she wanted to get home as soon as possible, so she could pleasure herself in the privacy of her bedroom.

*110*2014-04-04 03:26

Hey everybody, I've got another chapter ready. There won't be much omo content in this one, unfortunately, but there will be more to come. Lucifer Angel, I may have a surprise for you in chapter 25. I also have no intention of making you wait too long for it either. I promise.

24

After returning home from work after her first day, Danielle hurried to her bathroom where she stripped and pleasured herself for at least half an hour in the bathtub, all the while, lost in thought, thinking about her day and fantasizing about what sort of cruel things Katherine might do to her on her second day.

She once again imagined being forced to endure a full bladder during a long car ride with Katherine. As before, she both feared and hoped for the scenario to take place in real life. Of course, she didn't truly know what Katherine actually had planned, but she knew that it was wise to expect the worst.

After finally allowing herself to climax, she leaned the back of her head against the tile wall behind her and let out a gasp, which was followed by a long sigh. She closed her eyes and let both of her hands rest on the floor of the tub between her thighs, feeling exhausted, having drained all of her remaining energy.

I really should have a shower, she thought. Instead of doing what she knew ought to be done, however, she simply remained where she was, imagining herself passing out on her bed.

After a few moments of indecision, she reopened her eyes and slowly stood up. She used a towel on the towel rack over her toilet to dry off her hands and threw it down into the bathtub. Screw it, I'm going to bed.

Feeling like a zombie, she left her bathroom and shut off the light behind her. She quietly passed over the soft, red carpet of the hallway outside of her bathroom, to the other side, where her bedroom waited. With her eyelids drooping, she pushed the door open and entered.

The room was dark, since the sunset had already passed, but the moon had not yet become visible, so no light shone through the window at the head of her bed. Slowly, Danielle staggered over to her dresser, just to the left of her bed, where she opened the top drawer and pulled out a pair of tiger-striped panties. She carefully slipped them on and threw her body down on the bed. Not even knowing or caring if her alarm was already set to go off at six on the following morning, she closed her eyes and set her head on her pillow. In only a matter of seconds, the world around her faded away as she slipped into the void, no longer thinking or feeling anything.

###

BEEP! BEEP! BEEP!

With a gasp, Danielle's eyes snapped open and she sat up, suddenly realizing that it was morning again. She glanced at her alarm clock, happy to find that she'd set it in the morning before going to work on her first day, because she had no memory of setting it the night before.

Phew! She thought. She got up out of bed and returned to her bathroom and turned on the light. She looked at herself in the mirror, wondering what sort of horrors and pleasures the day would bring. She almost could not wait to find out.

Still clad in only her tiger-striped panties, she began her morning routine by brushing her teeth, using some mint-flavored dental floss, and swishing some mint-flavored mouth wash. She completed the process by rinsing her mouth out with water, to dilute the strong mint taste in her mouth.

When that was complete, she slipped off her tiger-striped panties and picked up her clothes from the floor where she'd dropped them on the night before. She inspected her business skirt, which still needed to be washed, looking for any signs of visible pee stains. The back of the skirt was slightly stained and she let out an irritated sigh. Fortunately, she had many skirts like it that would go along with the jacket, so she could always get it dry cleaned later on.

Danielle folded the skirt and set it on top of a nearby clothes hamper. She then picked up her business-jacket from the floor. After tossing it to the floor so carelessly and leaving it lying in a heap, she found that it was wrinkled. With another irritated sigh, she carefully folded it up and carried the jacket into her bedroom and set it on her bed. She then retrieved a plastic bag from her closet that she used to transport clothes that needed to be dry cleaned. Luckily, there was a dry cleaning company in Lewisville that offered free pickup and delivery of laundry, so she thought it would be a good idea to contact them after work and have them pick up her things the following morning.

She returned to the bathroom with the bag and placed her peed in skirt inside. She then set it down on the floor beside the hamper and got into the tub to begin her shower.

After the shower, she dried herself off with a fresh, clean towel from her towel cupboard and continued getting ready for work. While getting dressed, she decided not to wear any panties that day. She was sure that Katherine would like that.

During her breakfast, she was careful not to drink too much tea. She'd learned her lesson about drinking too much of it before work and was not going to make the same mistake again.

After drinking a cup of tea and eating her ham, eggs, and toast, she returned to her bedroom for her business-jacket and put it on. Even though it was a little wrinkled, she decided to save time and hope that no one noticed the wrinkles. I could just iron it out when I get home tonight.

She retrieved her purse from her couch, where she'd tossed it before playing with herself in the bathtub after work, and went out the door, ready to see Katherine Andrews' smirk some more. She got in her car and backed out of the driveway, with enough time left to get to her office about ten minutes early.

*113*2014-04-04 13:18

{{: 

So was Danielle really stupid enough not to pee before leaving to go to work or has she peed in the shower?

}}

Hmm... I honestly did not think about it, when I was writing this chapter. I'm not sure how I missed such an important detail, but I did...

*118*2014-04-08 01:47

Chapter 25 is nearly finished. It still needs a little editing, but when that is complete, I'll post it.

*120*2014-04-14 23:18

Hey everybody, just thought I'd let you know that I'm still working on this chapter. I've been wanting to post this for a week now, but I'm stuck at the end of the chapter, trying to come up with a good ending before getting started with chapter 26. I'm not sure why I'm having so much trouble with this, but I just thought I'd let you all know that I'm not going to be keeping you hanging forever.

