An Accident at Work - Desperation in the Boardroom

Author: misslunaswift

*000*2014-04-02 12:48

"Dripping Wet

," my bestselling watersports book is free to download for a limited period. It contains 50 full length watersports and erotic stories spread over 500 pages and 250,000 words! To celebrate, here's just one of the tales found inside. Get your copy quickly as it's only on offer for a few more days!

In "An Accident at Work," a businesswoman tries to hide her desperation during an important board meeting, wondering if she could get away with peeing herself at the table without anyone noticing. It builds to a soaking wet lesbian finale in the staff bathroom. I hope you all enjoy it. Remember to get 49 more like it from amazon for free here!

An Accident at Work

Amelia couldn't look any of them in the eye. Had she got away with this? It was just possible.

The boardroom was full of people, none of them were looking at her. They were all too busy arguing. This was the most important meeting the company had ever had. Deciding whether to accept the merger or not. It had been going on for hours and nobody wanted to be the first to crack, the first to leave, it would have been a sign of weakness.

Amelia was at the top of her profession, it wouldn't do to admit she had to leave to go to the bathroom, they'd have eaten her alive. So she sat at the top of the table, legs wriggling like mad out of sight under the desk, face flushed, heart pounding, staring at the person down the far end who was pouring themselves a glass of water.

She gulped as another spasm of pain wracked her bladder, this was impossible. She couldn't concentrate on what anyone was saying, she just knew the executive bathroom was only across the hall, barely a few feet away but it might as well have been in another country. She had to see this through.

Next to her was a chart showing projections for the coming quarter, all the figures were good, why was this taking so long?

She felt like a child again, any minute now she was going to wet herself in front of all these people. She tried to put a hand between her legs, pushing up her short skirt and gripping her knickers with her finger tips. It helped briefly, but the pain inside her was intense, she felt like she was going to explode. She was squeezing and loosening her toes, hoping to last just a few moments longer but it was too late.

At first a drop of pee squirted from her, dampening her knickers and her fingers. She jerked her hand away and that was all it took, her body gave in and a spurt of piss gushed out of her in a single movement, soaking her panties and running down her leg to the floor. Her face went deep red and she was silenced by the shock of it. Round her people continued shouting, nobody seemed to notice as she glanced under the table, seeing the carpet grow visibly damper. The noise was drowning out the sound of her peeing.

Amelia felt totally humiliated but somehow powerful at the same time. Could she get away with this? The ultimate statement of her strength as a boss, proof she was capable of anything.

Very slowly she glanced under the table again, for some reason she suddenly wanted to be fucked, to have a cock inside her. Where had that come from? As her bladder emptied at last, she sighed contentedly, the knot in her stomach was gone now, she was relieved at last. Now if only she could get out of the room without anyone noticing what had happened.

With one hand on the table she slowly moved the other to her skirt, all the time glancing round to see if anyone was watching her. It seemed safe. She hooked her panties with her fingers, amazed at how wet and warm they felt. She was surprised nobody could smell the pee, the room seemed filled with the scent now.

Very slowly, she lifted her hips and lowered her panties away from the seat and let them fall to her ankles. She kicked them over her high heeled shoes and let them fall in a wet pile onto the carpet. Now what?

Brushing her skirt back into place, she listened as a question was repeated.

"Amelia?"

"Hmm, yes?"

"Would you mind taking us through the first page again?"

Amelia stood up slowly, letting her skirt fall back into place as she did so. It wouldn't do for anyone to know she was now knickerless in her own boardroom. She'd always worn short skirts, a throwback to her feminist roots and a way of refusing to conform but now was the first time she regretted it. Her thighs were visible and it wouldn't take much for everything to be exposed to the entire room.

As she talked through the figures on the chart all eyes were on her. As she pointed, her pen fell from her hand to the floor and without thinking she bent over to grab it. There was a collective gasp behind her as her skirt rode up, exposing her perfectly shaped but still damp bottom to the entire boardroom.

Amelia shot back up, face turning bright red once more as she realised what had just happened. Somehow she stumbled through the rest of the charts before excusing herself and heading to the bathroom. She no longer cared how it looked, she was humiliated.

Almost running across the hall, she headed into the bathroom and locked herself in one of the stalls. Hearing the door creak open as she sat there, head in hands, she stayed as silent as she could.

Someone was humming to themselves as they stopped by the mirror before the stall next to her opened and the person sat down in there, still humming.

Amelia then did something she'd never done before. Maybe it was the fact nothing could embarrass her more after what had just happened, maybe it was that odd sense of perfect power she'd felt. With one movement she lifted herself up onto the seat and peered down into the next stall. In there was the work experience girl, what the hell was she doing in the executive bathroom? It was for directors only.

Amelia felt a sudden anger, she coughed loudly.

The girl looked up at her. "What the hell?" she asked.

"I might say the same," Amelia replied. "What are you doing in here?"

"I needed to pee and this was the nearest toilet. I'm sorry Miss Evans."

"You will be. I don't want any old teenager wandering in here."

"I'm sorry. Please don't tell the agency, they'll never get me work again. I'll do anything you want."

Amelia felt a heat beginning to grow inside her at those words, perhaps she could use this situation to her advantage.

"Well," she said at last after thinking hard. "You came here to pee, you should get on with it."

"I...I can't, not with you watching."

Amelia climbed down off her seat and in seconds was in the stall with the girl. "What's your name?" she asked.

The girl looked up with fearful, innocent eyes. "Evie, Miss Evans."

"Well Evie, I'm not letting you out of here until you pee and what's more, I'm going to watch until you go."

Evie gulped. She wasn't sure what to do, none of the training days had covered this. Finally she realised Miss Evans wasn't going to back down. She was serious.

Lifting herself off the seat she pulled open the button of her jeans and unzipped them. She wriggled them down over her hips and left them just below her knees. Amelia's eyes grew hungry as she watched the girl pull down the plain cotton panties. Her pussy was shaved and it looked irresistible. The girl sat back down on the toilet, perching on the edge.

Amelia leaned forward and forced the girl’s jeans round to her ankles. "I want to see it," she whispered. "Just to make sure." She pushed Evie's knees wide apart, staring at the lips of her pussy protruding slightly. She leaned forward again, not even sure why she was doing this and with either hand, spread the girl’s pussy lips wide apart.

Evie gasped, surely she wasn't allowed to do this was she? She decided there was only one thing to do now and she was so desperate she couldn't wait any longer anyway. She pushed her hips forward a little and relaxed her bladder.

Amelia cried out as a spurt of hot piss flew from the girl and hit her straight in the face. She blinked with shock as it trickled into her mouth but instead of spitting it out, she swallowed it, the taste was strangely nice, warming, strong smelling.

Evie angled her hips down but Amelia shook her head, making her move back to her previous position. For reasons she couldn't explain Amelia wanted the piss to hit her again, as long as it didn't soak her clothes she should be okay.

Evie continued peeing, Amelia's mouth opened wide, swallowing as much as she could. It tasted amazing now and she found herself incredibly turned on, this situation was crazy, insane but she had never felt more alive than right now in this moment.

The flow from Evie finally slowed, the final trickles falling into the toilet as she sat back, not sure what to say.

Amelia didn't move, her hands still on the girl’s pussy. At last she accepted the yearning inside herself and leaned in, licking the piss soaked pussy of the young girl on the toilet seat, she couldn't have been more than eighteen but she manipulated Amelia's head with her hands as if she'd had sex with countless people.

Amelia found her clit and began licking it. In less than thirty seconds Evie cried out, gasping loudly as a monumental orgasm wracked her body, almost making her fall off the seat.

"Christ," she gasped, her body still twitching. "I've never had one as strong as that before."

Amelia moved her head back, her face streaked with make up from where Evie's piss had splashed her. Evie grabbed her before she could leave and kissed her, running her hands over her body.

Amelia felt trapped now, pushed up against the stall door like this, the young girl's hand was running up her leg, under her skirt, pushing, probing, finding the entrance to her pussy sopping wet. Evie was surprised that her boss was wearing no underwear but it made it easier for her to slip a finger up into her.

She began finger fucking her as she bit into her neck, tasting her own piss on Amelia's skin. Amelia moaned loudly, her hands on the girls back, no longer caring if anyone outside heard what was happening, just caught up in a perfect moment of passion.

Evie lowered herself to her knees and lifted Amelia's skirt. She stared for a moment at the most perfect pussy she had ever seen before placing her lips directly on it, running her tongue up and down, lapping up the sweet nectar that was dripping from Amelia's pussy, she was so turned on now.

Amelia was in heaven, she held Evie's head in her hands, pulling her closer towards her. She could feel the tongue on her clit, the finger still inside her was joined by another and then a third. At last she felt a strange fullness, was the girl's fist up in her? It stretched her more than she thought possible, but it felt so good she didn't mind. Her nerve endings were being shredded though, she couldn't last much longer.

Evie was expertly licking her, feeling her boss's pussy tighten round her hand, she knew she was close. Picking up speed, she fucked her harder and winced as Amelia's nails dug into her scalp.

"Fuck, I'm going to come," Amelia screamed as her legs gave way, only Evie holding her up as waves of pleasure washed over her, legs wobbling as her pussy contracted over and over again.

Evie finally moved her face away, her entire mouth covered in Amelia's juices. She stood up and they kissed again, gentler now, their breathing returning to normal.

Amelia turned away first, unlocking the stall door and standing aside to let Evie out. Evie pulled up her jeans, gave Amelia one last kiss and left the bathroom. Amelia walked over to the mirror, wiped as much of the makeup from her face as she could and straightened out her skirt. She marched over to the door and pulled it open. Time to get back in there and show them just who's boss.

I hope you enjoyed the story.

