Jacob: New York

Author: jayjay5

*000*2013-07-20 23:36

Chapter 1: Introducing Jacob

This is my first attempt at writing any fiction, so please bear with me. All feedback is appreciated. I know this chapter isn't the most exciting, but it sets the scene for what I hope will be a far more exciting story!

Jacob was in his final year of 6th form. He had just turned 18 and was nearing the end of his time at school. He had attended the same school for the past 7 years and he was comfortable there. He wasn't the most popular boy but he had a small group of friends that were always there when he needed them. He was highly intelligent and did incredibly well at school while managing to maintain a reasonably active social life despite being painfully shy of new people. He hated the lime light and would much rather blend into the crowd.

Jacob had been given the opportunity to fly to New York with a small group of students from his school. His parents thought it was important for him to get some more 'life experience' as they called it. They certainly were not academics and often worried that he wasn't adequately 'street wise'. After all, he would be leaving for university in September. However, Jacob was less than thrilled about the prospect of being 'out of his comfort zone'. None of his close friends were going on the trip and he worried that he would spend the entire week alone, being ignored by the other students, but he had a more significant worry. He worried about making a fool of himself. He worried that his classmates would discover his problem.

He always needed to urinate long before any of his friends and seemed to be able to wait about half of the time they did. It wasn't helped by the fact he hated asking permission to use the toilet. In fact, during primary school he had wet his pants on numerous occasions. He often waited until the last second to go due to being so interested in what he was doing. The problem with this tactic was that he often wet himself as he walked out into the corridor, or even, if the teacher was already talking, right there in front of the class. Even at age 18 he had had far too many very close calls because he had put of going to the bathroom until the last minute or because he had been too embarrassed to ask. In fact, he had accidentally wet his pants walking home from secondary school on more than one occasion because he misjudged how long he could wait.

Eventually, his parents persuaded him that he should go. There were some people he knew on the trip. They weren't his close friends but they were company and he would certainly need someone to be friendly with. New York was the furthest he had ever been and certainly the furthest he had ever been from his parents. Still, it was better than having no one. Ryan was the closest person to a friend he had on the trip and he was a nice enough lad. Jacob decided he just needed to stay calm and try to go with the flow.

Jacob had to be at the school gates for 5:45am so it was an early start for all. Jacob flopped out of bed and stumbled down the stairs. He was greeted by a cup of coffee at the table, his mum's attempt to perk him up so he could do a final bag check to ensure he had everything he needed. Half way through his coffee, Jacob realised he had neglected to do his normal morning routine. His first stop was always the bathroom and he was feeling that now. Subtly, he pressed his thighs together and made a mental note to visit the bathroom as soon as he finished his breakfast and before dad got up for work and got in the shower. He drained the rest of his coffee in record time and wolfed down his food. His mum gave him a quizzical look as he got up from the table and hurried off up the stairs.

He wiggled his way into the bathroom and pulled himself out, aiming at the toilet and letting go. It was an immense relief which reminded him to keep a close eye on his bladder for this trip. He could do without any embarrassments on this trip.

*005*2013-07-27 20:24

Thanks for the feedback everyone, greatly appreciated!

{{:

Not too bad a start, but if I may say, a chapter should probably be longer than just a few paragraphs. This would be more like a prelude or prologue to a story then an actual chapter.

Oh, and also, I noticed when it was posted that the thread was just intended for a single chapter. Keeping all the chapters for the same story in the one thread makes it easier for your readers to follow, and easier for new people to start reading. (It also doesn't flood the story forum unnecessarily.)

}}

Thank you, I will try to lengthen the subsequent chapters. You are absolutely correct, this is more like the prelude / prologue!

This thread is intended for more than one chapter, I will certainly be posting the following chapters here :)

