Resident Evil 4: Ashley's Mistake

Author: OmoCommando

*000*2013-01-08 00:36

A slight change from the normal story of RE 4, Ashley is taken captive during a time of crisis and... well...

It was a very third world house. Wooden structure all around, a pick-up truck that looked like it was built in the 40’s, and the grizzliest home owner Leon had ever seen. He looked like he hadn’t bathed in weeks, and had the angriest demeanor about him. Nevertheless, Leon knew he had a job to do, and this was as good a lead as any.

“Um, excuse me... sir?” Leon pulled a picture out of his jacket. “Have you seen this girl?”

The man turned, and gave Leon a very hateful look. He spouted something in spanish that Leon couldn’t understand, but the angry tone in his voice said it all. Leon raised his hands and backed off. “Sorry to have bothered you.” As Leon began to step away, he heard the sound of a rusty metal blade scrape against wood as it was lifted. In an instant he rolled to the side as the man swung a scythe, striking the floor. Leon drew his gun and pointed at it straight at the man’s head. “Freeze!” The man picked up the scythe and continued forward, ready to strike again. It was as if he had no fear of being shot. “I said freeze!” Leon said again. The man raised his weapon again prepared to impale Leon. The gun discharged and the man fell to the floor with a hole in his head.

Leon sighed. He was in disbelief. Why didn’t he stop? Was he so unafraid of death, or did he simply have a strong hatred for Americans? Leon’s radio buzzed as he pondered the dead man’s intentions. He picked up the ear piece, raising it to his ear. It was Ingrid Hunnigan.

“Leon, are you all right?”

Leon looked back at the body. “There was a hostile local. I had no choice but to neutralize him.”

“Get out of there, Leon. The subject is being held in a church not far from your position.”

“Understood.”

Angry voices were suddenly outside the house. Leon ran to the door, turned the knob, but it wouldn’t budge. He rammed the door with his shoulder... nothing. “They must have barred it from the other side.” Looking around, he saw the window. He leapt through and collided with another local. There was about three, each armed with a barbed or bladed farm implement. Knowing full well what was going to happen, Leon readied his weapon and took aim.

__

“Ahh!!” Ashley screamed as she was thrown in the storage room. She lost her balance and fell into a stack of barrels. She regained her composure as quickly as she could and looked up at her kidnapper.

“You’ll stay here until Lord Saddler says otherwise.”

Ashley was confused. “You’re American! Why are you helping them!?” She cried.

The man laughed, “I have my reasons.” He closed the door and Ashley heard a click as he locked it.

Ashley stood up and looked around the room worriedly. No windows, or any other way to escape. “Oh no... why did this happen?” she whined. Why did she suddenly get kidnapped like this? Nothing made sense. Worse yet, Ashley could feel nature beginning to call. Her hands went between her legs as the pressure began to build. “Argh! Why me!? Why now!?” She yelled. She began pacing, trying to take her mind off of her misery. “Okay, maybe I can try to think of a way to escape.” On the off chance, Ashley tried the door. She tugged on it, pushed on it, but to no avail. She became even more worried.

___

Leon sprinted forward and delivered a swift kick before the man could bring his chainsaw down upon him. The man flew backward and landed hard. Leon winced at the sound of the man’s skull cracking on a stone. The body lay there, the chainsaw still running. “Better not take any chances.” Leon aimed his gun at man’s head and shot a hole through the burlap sack that covered it. He then kicked the chainsaw away from his hand. This had been one hell of a nightmare. It was almost a Raccoon City revisit, except these didn’t seem to be zombies... or at least not any zombies he’d ever seen. They were shrugging off bullets in the same manner, but they seemed capable of communication. It was puzzling.

Still, there was a job to do, regardless of the nature of these... things. Leon picked up the strange insignia and continued onward. A boat was waiting there in the river. Leon entered it and followed the river back down to where he first entered the area. He went up and through the door way and soon found himself back at the church. He started forward when he began to hear the faint pitter-patter of animals. Was it that dog from before that helped him against that giant? No, and there were more of them. Leon holstered his handgun and pulled out his shotgun. He crept carefully towards the door. Step after step, he could hear the animals circling him, their breathing heavy and hungry, preparing to attack.

Then all the noise stopped. Not a single footstep could be heard and the panting ceased. Leon turned around and aimed but a green-eyed dog leapt out at him and knocked away the shotgun as a shell fired off to the side. Leon put his left arm out across the canine’s neck barely stopping it from biting down on his head. It barked loudly, drool and blood pouring from its mouth, the fanged death trap snapping open and shut as it tried to tear Leon’s face off. Leon quickly reached for his knife and jammed it into the dog’s neck. The animal yelped and recoiled, Leon took the opportunity and kick the dog off of himself. He quickly picked up the shotgun and pumped a round into the creature. Two more dogs surrounded him. Leon took aim and shot each one as it took a leap towards him.

Each animal now lay still. Leon exhaled and panted. Now that that was over, he moved up to the church doors and placed the insignia into it. The doors opened without a hitch. With gun in hand, Leon stepped inside.

___

As time passed, Ashley’s urges became more and more prominent. With both hands in her crotch, she began dancing. Desperate to go, Ashley cried out, “Can anyone here me? I really need a bathroom!” No response. “I’ll settle for... like... a pot or something!” Still nothing. “PLEASE!!!” Ashley felt her bladder muscles release their grip for a split second, and a warm, wet spot fill her silk panties. “Eep!” she squealed. Ashley looked around the room. She didn’t know what to do at this point, and options were limited. “Aw, to hell with it!” She pulled up her green, felt skirt and reached for the rim of her panties. She began pulling them down, to about her knees when the door opened. “AAH!!!” Ashley screamed and jerked her panties back up. “Don’t come!”

“Ashley, wai-”

Ashley picked up a wooden beam and threw it at whomever was at the door, then she curled up into a ball and put her hands over head. “No!”

“Ashley, the president sent me to rescue you.”

Ashley perked up. “Huh? My... father?”

“Yes. My name’s Leon.”

Ashley looked up, the man was pretty cute, the way his blonde hair was swept to the side like that. Sharp lower body pain and pressure then reminded Ashley of her priorities. He resisted the urge to hold herself in front of this guy, but she was still bent over with her legs pressed together tightly.

“Um... Leon? I was in there for a long time and I really-”

“Wait!” Leon interrupted.

“I’ll take the girl.” an eerie voice said. An old man in purple robes stepped out. He held a fleshy staff covered in eyes that gave Leon and Ashley the creeps.

“And you are?” Leon asked.

“Osmund Saddler.” The man grinned. “I am the leader of this fine... religious community. We’ve given the girl a gift you see and will soon giver her back the president in exchange for some.. donations.”

“Faith in money will get you nowhere, Saddler.” Leon responded.

“Ah, but you see... we’ve given you the same gift. An excellent way to propagate one’s faith. It is only a matter of time before you become our puppet, so surrender the girl!”

Three robed men burst through the doors with crossbows aimed at Leon and Ashley. Leon reacted instantly. “Come on!” He pulled Ashley by the arm.

“Ah!” Ashley felt herself leak again as Leon tugged her. The men then fired their weapons, and three arrows narrowly miss Ashley’s head. Leon and Ashley dived through a window and landed a story below. They got up quickly and left before the others could return.

“You all right?” Leon asked.

“Well... I really need to p-”

“Look out!” Leon tackled Ashley to the ground as a rusty axe flew over their heads. More of the villagers were coming, armed with many different farm tools.

As Leon fought off the horde, Ashley felt under her skirt. Her panties were already quite wet from what had leaked out, and she wasn’t sure how much longer she could go until... she shook her head, unwilling to even think about the matter.

As the last villager went down, Leon grabbed Ashley’s wrist and pulled her along. “We’ve gotta keep moving!”

Her urine was on the precipice, Ashley’s fingers went straight into her crotch, to block the passage. “Leon! I need to-” Ashley’s eyes widened. Her hands became warm and wet suddenly. Pressure begun to lift like a balloon off of her body and fluids spurted out of her like a hose. Her skirt darkened and urine flowed down her legs into her boots. A puddle formed beneath her, steaming in the cold air. Ashley almost wanted to cry, but the disaster wouldn’t stop. As the seconds passed, she simply continued to pee and pee. After nearly a full minute of straight urination, Ashley looked up at Leon. Her hands and legs dripping with urine, her clothes covered in large wet spots. “I... I’m sorry...” Ashley began to sob. “I tried to tell you... I needed.”

“Um... just... don’t worry about it.” Leon had no idea what to say, but under the circumstances it was probably best to be a supportive as possible. It going to be a tough journey ahead.

Ashley started to cry. The humiliation was too much to bear. “I... I can’t believe... I peed myself...”

Leon put a hand on the girl’s shoulder. “Look, there’s a lake not too far from here. You can wash off down there.”

Ashley was frantic. “I- I don’t normally do this! I’m-”

“Ashley! Enough!” Leon said firmly. “Accidents happen, (no pun intended) but there’s no point in dwelling on it. We should go before more of the villagers come though.”

Ashley sniffled. “All... all right. I’m sorry.”

*002*2013-01-08 10:26

Well, thank you. I'll try to stay true to my way of writing.

*005*2013-01-09 05:47

Thanks. I tried to balance as much of it as I could without going too much into the game but still have it feel like the reader was watching those scenes. Naturally I missed some dialogue queues but w/e.

