Assasins Creed

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-04-06 06:29

All the cities will be fictional in this story despite Assassin's Creed Typically using real cities and historical events, Also since this is Assassin's Creed there will be violence but no gore. Hope you like it.

I strolled down the streets of Eldorado my hips swaying side to side from beneath my pink courtesan dress. The front came up just below my groin concealing my thin, translucent panties. It was my first night working for the Brothel and my heart continued to race. I hadn't intended to fall into the line of work, I was suppose to be a noblewoman like my mother until she passed away from mysterious circumstances and now here I was. My long black hair done up in an odd hair-style, donning a revealing dress and trying to seduce men for a living. I smirked as the constable approached me.

"Ah, Corsia's daughter I presume?" He asked me his sword in one holster a bulky pistol in the other and an erection between. I nodded with a force smile. "Arabelle correct? A little young to be working as a courtesan don't you think?"

"I'm nineteen." I replied bluntly with my weak bladder beginning to fill up as I stood there talking to the pathetic guard.

"Ah, well I see no harm in giving you a little 'business' then." He said stroking my chin with his greasy hands. "Follow me to my house and we shall engage." He said grinning. I followed him my heart falling. "Here we are, now let us get down too it?" He asked deviously. My bladder had become entirely full and I realized I couldn't go through with this!

"I can't do this!" I squeaked. He looked at me confused, then he became angry.

"I paid you, now you have to go through with this!" He roared angrily.

"No, please take your money back I can't do this!" I cried out as he trudged towards me. He shook his head, furious. He drew a dagger and everything went so quickly I drew my long thin knife and slashed at him, he impaled me once before I spray urine down my bare legs where it pooled around my feet on the carpet as I killed him. Blood blossomed on my dress and I took off outside his house where I collapsed on the streets.

I awoke and indefinite time later my body sore and I found myself looking upwards at a masked doctor. At first I began to panic till I realized what he was, I became calm, albeit a little suspicious. He drew a fire poker that seemed to be tipped with a ring and he turned to me. "Do you swear into the brotherhood?" He asked. I had no idea at the time what that meant, but I soon found myself reciting an oath and having the fire poker placed around my ring finger burning my flesh while I screamed.

I would find myself months later perched on the ledge of a roof my bladder once again full as I awaited my target. I was now dressed in a cloak of pink that was similar to the one my cousin Altair wore, but with gold around the edges and slits beneath the wrist where my hidden blade would protrude. It came across my waist where it was clipped together with the triangle like assassin symbol and across my torso to my upper thigh was a thin turquoise dress that revealed my cleavage and beneath that was thin white shorts that ended just above my toned calves. my feet were bare except the two gold hoops around my right ankle as I sat perched ready to strike.

It was then when I saw him come across my line of fire and I leaped down, impaling him with my hidden blade as my bladder gave out. Pee gushed from my panties and began to stain my shorts as I kneeled atop the man, urine slither down my legs onto him. The urine began to form a puddle beneath his back as a dark stain of urine and blood covered his chest. My face was scarlet as my bladder emptied atop my victim and through my clothing. I finally stopped the flow as I was shaken from the animus to find a concerned Desmond.

"Lucy, you peed yourself using the animus again!" He cried as I found myself back in the modern day. Now dressed in a white t-shirt that hugged my chest tightly, blue skinny jeans and now with blonde hair. Sure enough urine continued to gush beneath my butt as I sat in the animus, now mortified.

*003*2012-08-18 03:04

{{:

Yes. This is my favorite work from you now. One of my favorite series done well! The wetting is so creative.. I love this wetting.

}}

Thanks, I thought it was poorly written, glad to hear someone liked it though.:)

*005*2012-08-18 03:54

{{:

I don't like the AC series, but I did like this story.

}}

Thanks!

