Penny's wetting Adventure

Author: GᒪITTEᖇGᒪᗩᗰOᑌᖇ

*000*2015-04-30 21:41

~ I always write about different people I've created, but now I will make this a series which has stories of my new character, Penny! Enjoy! Let me know if you enjoy it! ~

Penny was at her father's store. Why did she have to start work? Her birthday was last week and she turned 14! That's way too young!

"Dad, you never told me that you had a smoothie maker in the break room," Penny walked out of the break room for employes only. "Can I use it?" Her father nodded while helping a customer with change. Penny went inside and served herself a strawberry and banana smoothie; suddenly her phone buzzed saying her shift was done. She walked out with her smoothie and went to the bus stop.

"Excuse me, when will the bus arrive?" A woman asked Penny as she slurped up her smoothie. "Umm, 4:25...that's in 12 minutes." The woman mouthed thank you. Soon the bus arrived and several people came on. Unfortunately, Penny had to go to the back. Suddenly, her groin started to hurt. Seemed like that smoothie was getting back to her.

The bus stopped suddenly and it startled Penny that her groin started to swell and hurt a lot more. She put her purse over her crotch and slid her hands under it. "Ma'am, do you mind moving? This is the only place all my children can fit," a family of fourteen walked up to her. "Um, sure," Penny gave a painful smile and staggered to a seat in the front.

"Are you okay?" A gentlemen asked her as she walked.

"Oh sure, why do you ask?"

"You seem bothered or desperate for something."

"No, thank you I'm fine."

Penny found a seat and crossed her legs.

ⓅⒶⓇⓉ 2 ⒸⓄⓜⒾⓃⒼ ⓈⓄⓄⓃ

