Date Panic! 2 - Page 10

Author: OmoCommando

*238*2014-07-05 05:00

(Flashlight battery remaining: 92%)

After much consideration, you decide to take with you:

- Wine

- Hammer

- Tinderbox

- Iron Key

- Stone Tablet

You also ask Emma if she will hold the paper clip and twine.

"Sure, if you're low on room, I can hold some stuff."

You then decide to head through the wooden door. Emma stays close behind you.

"Shall we see what's on the other side?" you ask.

Emma nods slowly with an anxious smile across her face. You reach for the knob and turn it. It appears to be unlocked. And so you pull open the door and cautiously step through with your date. Another dark hallway. Considering the time in which this castle was built, it was probably reasonable to expect that there would be little-to-no natural lighting in the castle sub levels. You and Emma take a few steps forward...

SLAM!

The door slams shut behind you!

"Eeeek!" Emma shrieks and jumps to the side. "Wh-what was that!?"

You reach for the knob and try to open the door... it's not locked, but something on the other side of the door seems to be preventing you from pushing it open.

"It won't open!? What the heck is going on!?" Emma looks around wildly. She looks relatively stressed.

Understandably so. You were feeling a bit stressed yourself. Doors don't slam shut on their own. "Well..." you say. "I guess we'll just have to find another way out. Come on."

Pointing your light forward, the hall appears to branch out in two separate directions. Down the left passage, you see a partially open door. The room on the other side appears to be fairly spacious but your light isn't strong enough to reach the room. You can't make out what's in there without going inside.

Down the right passage, the corridor appears to extend for about thirty more meters before angling off towards the left again. You take a closer look down the passage.

You see a shadow disappear around the corner when you shine your light, and you hear a very faint scuffling sound.

Which way will you go?

- Left passage, explore the large room

- Right passage, follow the shadow

- Attempt to open the door behind you again.

- Check on Emma

Current Trust Level: Comfortable

Current Fear Level: Apprehensive

*240*2014-07-05 05:49

"How are you holding up?" You ask.

"O-Oh, I'm just fine! You don't have to worry about me!"

*243*2014-07-05 06:26

{{:

Question: Does the Tinderbox have any specific number of uses, or is it unlimited

If its unlimited, I say we should use the Tinder to light the candle inside of the wall fixture on fire.

}}

This particular tinderbox has ten uses.

