Batman Omorashi (Requested by Harley Quinn)

Author: Emizzle94

*000*2015-07-10 15:39

Thunder rumbled in the distance, a flash of lightning illuminated the dark sky as the clouds rolled in. A single drop of rain fell onto the already wet ground, followed by another and another until it was raining heavily. The citizens of Gotham City looked up and cursed the sky, thinking very sarcastic thoughts about the weather. One person who really wasn't happy about the weather's turn of events was the vigilante Batman who was stood atop a roof in a very precarious predicament. He needed to pee.

Looking up at the sky, he cursed his luck, it wasn't unlike him to drink a lot at fundraisers, but he usually always managed to make use of the bathroom before coming out. Tonight though he'd been in such a hurry that he completely forgot about using the bathroom before coming out. Shifting a little, he fought the urge to grip his crotch, not that it would do any good through the cup. A sigh escaped his lips as he fidgeted again, this rain wasn't helping any matters either.

Another flash of lightning illuminated the dark clouds and with that, Batman saw a gang of men pursuing a young woman and he growled. As if his need to urinate wasn't bad enough, he now had to sort out a bunch of jocks who were looking to get their rocks off with a non consenting woman. At least it would take his mind off of it. Jumping from rooftop to rooftop he followed the group, wincing as each landing jolted his bladder.

He soon arrived near the alley where the men had chased the woman and he peeked over the edge. The woman was running to the end of the alley, which was a dead end. Getting himself ready, he quickly lept off the side of the building and let himself slowly fall to the ground with his grappling gun helping him. He landed quietly behind the group of men and unhooked his grapple from his belt. His bladder gave a jolt and he quietly cursed, bending over a little and gripping his knee pads. The need to urinate would have to wait, he had more important things to do.

Creeping up on the men was the easy part, they were all too inebriated to think of anything other than what they were going to do to that poor woman. The hard part would be fighting them all off with him in his current condition. He tapped one of the men on his shoulder and when the man turned around, Batman delivered a swift punch to his face. Thankfully the man went down and stayed down so now all Batman had to worry about was the rest of the men.

One by one, he took them all down and one by one they got harder to keep down. His bladder pulsed with every jerky movement he made, but he ignored it, to take notice of his bladder meant taking his kind off of the battle, not something he could or would do. The fight drew on and a gasp left him when he dribbled fir the first time. It was enough to allow the guy to give him a punch to his face, sending him stumbling backwards with windmill arms. Holding the side of his face for mere seconds, he tried to put the fact that he was beyond desperate to pee to the back of his mind. He went back to the fight and began throwing punches and kicks, the latter of which his bladder chastised him for by sending another dribble into his underwear. This time he ignored it and continued with the fight, dribbles escaping him at regular intervals.

Suddenly, the man delivered a kick to Batman's midsection, sending him to his ass and causing a squirt to escape his now semi-erect penis. Groaning and making it look like he was groaning because of the kick, he got back to his feet and bent over again. He seriously needed to finish this fight and get to a bathroom ASAP. Soon he managed to finish the fight and he leaned against the wall, catching his breath and making sure that he wasn't going to leak anymore. He was so focused with this, he didn't hear the woman when she thanked him and instead he clipped the grapple gun to his belt and tugged on it so that it would take him upwards.

Once on the roof again, he clutched at the protective cup, though it didn't do anything to prevent another squirt from escaping his body. He panted and stayed doubled over for a few seconds, before he saw the sky begin to lighten up. Dawn was fast approaching and he had to make his way back to the bat cave. Heading back towards the Tumbler, he felt another squirt leave him, a longer one. He stopped still and clenched his fists, he knew that he was losing the battle with his bladder, be he was determined to hold it until he got back to the cave, where he could just pee into the water. Giving his thigh a quick squeeze, he continued towards the Tumbler.

Upon reaching said black tank-like vehicle, he grunted as another squirt left him and this one ran down his leg. He quietly groaned, this was embarrassing even if no-one knew what was happening beneath the costume. Composing himself, Batman got into the Tumbler and began to drive it back to the bat cave, using the same speed as he always did when in the vehicle. Another squirt escaped him and he found himself putting the Tumbler on auto and detaching the cup so he could grip himself to prevent any more leaks. Gritting his teeth, he felt another squirt coming and squeezed his penis to prevent it from escaping, but while it did some to relieve the pressure, he knew that if he let go now, all hell would break loose in his pants.

Soon enough, he reached the bat cave and quickly jumped out of the Tumbler and made his way over to where he kept his suit. Taking said suit off with one hand wasn't easy, in fact it was very hard and Batman had to keep squeezing his penis to prevent further leaks. One piece was being extremely stubborn and didn't want to come off, so forgetting himself, he released his penis and attempted to get the piece of suit off...only to realise his mistake. Quickly his hand went back down, but it was too late. A steady trickle was now escaping him and he tried harder to get the piece of suit off that was simply refusing to be removed. The trickle turned into a thin stream and once again his hand went down to stem the flow, but it was futile. By the time he realised this, the stream had turned into a torrent and the hissing sound of his pee rushing to escape the tiny pee hole in his penis was loud in the cave. Hanging his head, he spread his legs and rested his arms on the counter.

*002*2015-07-10 21:09

{{: 

Thank you so much!

}}

Glad you enjoyed it.

