Story competition submission: Oktoberfest by Foxlover

Author: Flush

*000*2011-12-27 21:24

This is an entry for the story writing competition; the author of the story is Foxlover

, I'm just the messenger. Enjoy this work of art, post a small piece of comment to thank the author if you liked it, I'm sure he will appreciate it.

The final results of the story competition can be found here.

OKTOBERFEST

24-year-old Krista cursed as she frantically searched for her favorite shirt. The Oktoberfest rock concert was supposed to start 12 minutes ago, and she had planned to meet her girlfriends there for a night of hectic, (not-so) innocent fun. She finally found it, neon orange crop-top that covered enough so she didn’t look slutty, but revealed enough to give male onlookers a nice little treat. She decided not to wear a bra; if this night went as planned, she wouldn’t need it. Her full plump D cup breasts stretched against the fabric as she pulled it on. She stopped into her bathroom to check her appearance. Her smooth, pale faced gleamed slightly in the fluorescence of her bathroom. She smoothed the front of her tight skirt with one hand as she quickly brushed her silky auburn hair out of her caramel eyes with the other.

Grabbing her keys and the three six-packs of Monster energy drinks, she rushed out of her apartment building and swept down the stairs to her Acura. Hurriedly jamming the keys into the ignition, she gulped a can of the Monster and began to back out of her spot. As she got on the highway, she felt a little twinge in her abdomen, a signal that her bladder was starting to fill. She waved it away, sure that she could find a bathroom at the concert. When she arrived at the parking lot, she immediately heard a shriek of excitement as her best friends Jessica, Rachel, and Skye greeted her. They were all wearing skirts similar to hers, and, as Krista noticed, very tight shirts not unlike hers that hugged their firm figures in just the right way.

“Come ON, Kris, the concert’s about to start!” yelled Jessica, the bright, bubbly blonde of the group, her startlingly blue eyes alive with excitement.

“Now guys, remember, we have to be smart about this… we don’t wanna do anything we’re gonna regret…” whispered Rachel, a rather tall brunette with emerald eyes.

“Oh, come on, Rach,” sighed Skye, a slender, rather voluptuous Caucasian beauty with full, ruby red lips and thick, luscious coal-black hair. “What, do you think one of us came here commando?”

Rachel glared at Skye. “That’s exactly what I think.”

Skye smiled devilishly. “You never know what can happen at these things. If the opportunity comes, better to be prepared, right?”

The four girls fought their way to the center of the crowd, cheering madly like everyone else. They whooped and danced and downed bottle after bottle of Monster to fuel their enthusiastic yelling. Finally, after the fifth song, Krista began fidgeting. Her bladder was definitely calling for attention now that she had consumed 5+ energy drinks. “Hey guys,” she shouted over the blaring music and uproar of the crowd. “I’ll be right back, I gotta pee.” She turned to what she thought was the direction of the restrooms, then realized she couldn’t move outside their little circle of space. The crowd was packed from miles around.

“This is not good…” she thought as the thought of denied relief made her bladder seem to fill even more. “I gotta pee and I can’t even move!” She turned back to her friends, and was not surprised to find them in varying states of urgency. “You guys too?” she sighed. Skye nodded, shifting her weight from foot to foot. “We’ve been guzzling Monster just like you have; we’re all about to bust a lug nut.” Despite her desperation, Krista had to smile at her friend’s blunt description of their predicament. “What are we gonna do, guys? I REALLY gotta go!” moaned Jessica, who was massaging her bloated abdomen. Rachel shrugged. “Looks like we’re gonna have to hold it,” She suddenly bent over. “Scratch that. I CAN’T hold it!”

Krista looked around at her bursting friends, trying to figure something out, when suddenly; a hand grabbed her butt from behind. “Oh no, no no no, not now, PLEASE not now,” she thought fearfully. She forgot to think that there would be perverted gropers at this concert; the loud music and presence of thousands of people provided the ultimate cover. It was just her luck that she would be one of tonight’s targets. Normally, being the adventurer she was, she would have welcomed a little fondling, but now, with her bladder whimpering for relief, she knew she was not gonna make it through the groping dry. She turned in horror to her friends and mouthed “I think someone’s trying to grope me.”

They looked at her, confused, till their eyes widened in realization. Rachel wore a look of abject repulsion, Jessica of concealed laughter, Skye of jealousy. They tried to move over to her, taking small steps as to not strain their overfull bladders any more. Then suddenly they stopped. Krista realized with horrible certainty that the groper must have friends, and that the figures and bright t-shirts of her and her friends must have attracted them, like moths to a flame. The hand on her butt began to slide up and down, caressing the smooth curve. She shuddered involuntarily. This was no amateur. He knew what he was doing. Krista could not turn to stop the man rubbing her behind. Nor would anyone hear her pleas for help. She decided the best thing to do would be to hold it and hoped her molester would finish with her quickly and move on.

The groper slid his hand between her legs and began stroking her pussy lips through the fabric of her panties. She gasped and looked around at her friends. Their faces were masks of horniness and desperation. She could see her friends’ skirts rustling as unknown hands squeezing their butts. Krista surmised, judging by Rachel’s closed eyes and the way she was biting her lower lip, that even her ever-so-cool-headed friend could not fight her overwhelming pleasure. Krista could not help moving her hips in time with the fingers as to increase the friction.

The groper removed his hand from her clit. She sighed in relief and began to hobble away when the hand slid into her panties and began stroking her again, this time touching her bare pussy. She gasped as the feeling of leather-gloved fingers tormented her womanhood, simultaneously bringing her ever closer to an accident. The concert around her was just a dull roar; the groping had dulled her external senses. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw that the other gropers had found their ways to the girls’ pussies. Krista could clearly see the bloated outlines of their bladders.

Rachel was in trouble; She was whimpering and bouncing up and down, but was making no attempt to escape; her body’s hunger for pleasure would not allow her to alleviate the stress on her bladder. After a few more minutes, Rachel surpassed her limit and she let it go all in a rush, here golden nectar gushing freely between her legs, pooling at her feet. Skye and Jessica had actually gotten away, but they were so aroused that they had begun to engage in some sort of lesbian twister. Their distended abdomens and moist cunts were pressed up against each other’s in a kind of erotic dance. Unable to hold it any longer, both girls gave out, each girl’s pee soaking the other’s crotch.

Seeing all of this pee being released increased Krista’s desperation; her end was near, and she knew it. The man behind her raised is other hand and began to fondle her left breast. She cooed softly; her nipples were extremely sensitive. She began working her hips to maintain what little control she still had over her excruciatingly full bladder. Feeling her fidget, the groper increased the speed and power, mistaking this as an invitation to go on. Krista could feel her juices dripping from her cunt as the man continued to massage her pleasure button. She was going crazy now, yearning both to release her pee and have her impending orgasm. Her legs could not stop moving; she was in heaven, but she had to pee so badly.

Spurts of pee were now jetting into the man’s hand as the stimulation continued. He paused for a bit, then slowly, deliberately, removed his hand from her rock hard nipples. He cupped his hand around the bulge in her abdomen and began gently squeezing it like a water balloon. So he had guessed that she needed to pee, and it turned him on. Drool began to trickle down her chin as he tortured her bladder and stimulated her clit.

“Oh my god…I have to go so badly,” she thought, “I wanna leave… oh but these fingers feel so GOOD…”. Beads of sweat began forming little rivulets down her face as she began to crack. This guy was working her in ways that none of her previous partners had been able to, and his hand was squeezing the urine right out of her. She spurted again into the hand rubbing her clit, and in response, he rubbed and pressed harder. Krista moaned desperately, tears forming in the corners of her eyes. Her pumpkin of a bladder was being compressed when it couldn’t be compressed. She couldn’t hold out any longer; she was spurting hot pee uncontrollably now, and her clit had all of the teasing it could stand.

The groper took his fingers from her pussy and her abdomen, but she couldn’t risk running away without jarring her bladder. She heard something unzip, and realized with a chill what was about to happen as something firm but fleshy prodded the entrance to her pleasure chamber. The man began pounding her, his iron rod slamming her overtaxed bladder. Krista moaned and groaned as tears flowed down her face from her desperation and ecstasy. “Oh my goodness…” she thought to herself “his dick, its punching my bladder, I’m gonna pee…but, it’s so thick…I…I can’t help…” Finally, both her dams burst; pee and cum flooded from her all over the man’s cock. He withdrew his member and Krista collapsed onto the grassy floor. He chuckled and moved away in search of another desperate victim; leaving Krista slumped on the ground.

