Unlucky Star: Chapter 4 ### synopsis Of Chapter 5 Posted Here ###

Author: facade

*000*2010-09-01 10:42

Finally I have finished the fourth chapter of Unlucky Star. Sorry that it took so long, but I ran into numerous distractions and had quite a bit of writer's block. Anyways, this story takes place at ComiKet, an anime and manga convention that Konata and the Hiiragi twins attended in episode 12 of Lucky Star. Konata of course had been there many times before, Kagami once, and this is Tsukasa's first time. The main character is Tsukasa, the short purple haired girl and youngest of the Hiiragi family.

Picture of the twins and Konata: http://anime.advancedmn.com/images/media/669198802959-044.jpg

Kagami on left, Tsukasa on right. Konata of course is the blue haired one.

Vocabulary for this chapter:

Otaku: a Japanese term used to refer to people with obsessive interests, particularly anime, manga, or video games

###

The crowded line of anime and manga fans stretched back for what seemed like a kilometer away from the building where ComiKet was taking place but moved at a steady pace into the center. It seemed as if the weather chose this specific day to be the hottest so far this summer, but I was certainly dressed for the occasion in a bright red tank top with a white strip across the chest, a pair of light colored khaki beach shorts and light brown sandals. Konata handed my sister and me a map of the convention layout, showing the location of all the different tables and pointed out which tables to visit first to get the most fun out of the day. I took another drink of my one liter bottle of water as the line moved forward into the building.

“Kona-chan, I’m afraid. What if I get lost in all these people?” I asked her as I looked around to the enormous swarm of otakus.

“Relax Tsukasa, just stick to the plan and you’ll be fine.” Konata said in a confident tone. She was dressed in a navy blue tank top and jean shorts. Konata had attended many anime conventions before but this was my first time and I was definitely not confident. I was so nervous about things like this.

“I’m not so sure, what if can’t find my way around? Oh I’m so nervous.” And I was; I guess you could say I preferred a quieter and less crowded place to have fun in, but I tried to keep optimistic.

“Don’t worry sis, everything will be fine. We’ll all meet up later for lunch so it's not like you'll be by yourself all day.” Kagami said, trying to comfort me. She was adorned in an outfit similar to mine, but her tank top was a light purple instead of red and her hair was tied back in a bun.

“I suppose you’re right, I shouldn’t be so worried. It’s just my first time being at a convention is all.” I said, feeling a little better as I finished my bottle of water and held onto the empty container.

Time went by as we stood in line waiting to enter the center for what seemed like hours, but according to my cell phone time it was only one hour before we were standing right in front of the entrance. It was only a matter of minutes now, but I soon felt another feeling in my lower body other then anticipation. I had forgotten that all the water I drank would have caught up to me before long, but I now had a slight urge to pee. This was not necessarily a bad thing as I was about to enter the building and I could locate a bathroom before I began going around to the tables.

Minutes later, we were inside and I discarded my bottle into a nearby trash bin. The convention center looked a lot bigger on the inside then it did on the outside just a few minutes before. The floor was covered in elegant dark blue carpet and the walls were painted white but covered with a plethora of large signs, posters and advertisements. The ceiling was no different and there were cardboard cutouts of various anime and manga characters strewn across the floor, some leaning against the pillars. We stopped next to a cutout of Haruhi Suzumiya before splitting up and my need to pee made itself more present in my bladder. I looked around for the nearest bathroom.

“Wow, this place is huge huh sis?” Kagami asked as she looked around the room.

“Huh? Oh, yeah it sure is, but I need to use the toilet first. Where are they?” I searched around the room but couldn't seem to find their location.

“There's one on each floor. I recommend going now before the lines get too long.” Konata said, point in the direction of the first floor bathrooms.

“...too long?” I said under my breath nervously. I didn't have an urgent need yet but I was still worried that it would become a problem if they lines to the bathroom really were too long. I realized now that with the amount of people here, it was likely it would if I didn't make a trip as soon as possible.

“We'll meet back in the food court in two hours for lunch. Have fun, you guys!” Konata said before scurrying off and disappearing into the crowd.

“See you later sis!” Kagami said as she waved goodbye. I was soon left by myself, other than Ms. Suzumiya propped up against the pillar next to me and the hundreds of otakus around me. My bladder soon reminded me that I needed to pee and I began to make my way through the stampede towards the restrooms at the end of the center.

The amount of people here amazed me, I hadn't thought that this many people would attend an event like this but I quickly disregarded the thought as I needed to find a toilet before too many people lined up. I continued making my way to the back as my bladder filled up at a slow but steady rate. My hopes of a short queue were soon shattered to pieces when I made it to the restroom's line and saw the stretch of people from the door and all the way back, almost as long as the line to get in the center was.

“Oh no… the line is already this long? Hopefully it won’t take too long to get through.” I hoped to myself as I moseyed to the back of the line and waited with everyone else. Sure enough and just my luck, the line moved as quickly as an intoxicated snail and thirty minutes later I was only barely a quarter of the way through the long queue. Not only that, but my urge to urinate increased twice as much in the process and had become a more pressing need then I was afraid of. It appeared that this line would take hours to get through, so I decided to try the other bathroom on the second floor as I waddled my way out of the queue and back towards the middle of the building where the stairs were located.

As I pushed my way through the crowds, I felt a stronger twinge in my lower abdomen each minute and I could only hope that the next bathroom would be more available then the previous. I finally arrived at the stairs and climbed each step carefully, avoiding putting too much pressure on my tightly shut bladder and losing control. Thankfully, there didn't seem to be as many people on the upper floor as on the bottom and I quickly became consumed with confidence that the line to the bathroom would the same way. The feeling soon faded away when I saw a long queue stretching from the upstairs bathroom and back even farther than the downstairs one.

“No! This one's longer! ...I have no choice but to wait.” I thought to myself, disappointed as I hobbled to the back of the line. There was nothing more I could do but stand in line and hold on as best as I could, which was more difficult than before because I was now having to hold myself between my legs like a little girl. I felt my face grow red with embarrassment as I was now obviously bursting to pee to anyone that looked my way.

I began panicking; this line was not moving any faster than the last one and I worried that I was going to wet myself soon. My need grew worse by the minute as I was desperately trying to wait in line. I eventually couldn’t hold it all in anymore and felt a hot spurt of urine escape my tightly closed opening and soak up the crotch of my panties.

“No, no, no! Ooh, I have to pee so badly! Please hurry!” I mumbled under my breath, just barely taking back control of my bursting bladder as I crossed a leg over the other while standing in place. I looked up from my crotch after checking for wet spots to see how the queue was progressing; there were still a lot of people in front of me, so much that I had now lost all hope of making it to a toilet in time now. If only I had stayed in the line downstairs, I might have had a chance to use the toilet but I let my doubts get the best of me. Tears welled up in my eyes and I shut them tight to avoid seeing the stares from people around me when all of sudden, I heard a familiar voice behind me.

“Tsukasa…?” the voice said. I slowly opened my teary eyes and looked back while still holding myself. There stood a girl with purple hair tied back into a bun, bent over in place, holding herself between her legs with both hands just as I was. It was Kagami, who looked like she needed to pee as badly as I did.

“Sis..?” I stumbled on my response, unable to concentrate on anything other than keeping my aching bladder under control. I was so surprised to see my sister in a situation like this that I almost lost it all right there. Kagami looked at me, obviously noticing my horrible desperation with concerned look in her light violet eyes.

“Looks like we both…” Kagami cut herself off in mid-sentence, clamped harder with her hands, and crossed her legs tightly.

“Tsukasa… I’m not… I-I can’t…” Kagami’s eyes shut as a lone tear ran down her pale white face and she squatted down in front of me. I soon saw a wet spot grow between her legs on her crotch and soak up the entire area before pee dripped from the bottom of her shorts, soaking up the carpet below her. She sat all the way down and covered her face with her hands as she whimpered and sobbed into them, obviously mortified about wetting herself just now.

“Kagi… it’s okay.” I whispered as I tried to cover her front up in an attempt to hide her from staring eyes. The line had moved forward a bit but I didn’t move from my spot. Kagami stayed in her squatting position and people started to move around us to fill up the spot in front of us.

“I can’t either…” I said to her in a sympathetic tone of voice. On that note, I felt my bladder completely relax its muscles and release the built up flood inside and soak into my khaki shorts. I looked down where I was still clenching myself through my clothes and watched as the area darkened with pee and filled my entire lower body with a wet and hot feeling. The spot continued to grow as did my humiliation until my shorts could no longer contain all of it and the urine began pouring down my legs. Kagami looked up from her slump and a look of shock came over her face as she stared at my dampened shorts.

“I’m sorry, sis…” She said as a concerned look flowed over the once shocked look. A puddle soon formed under my feet and combined with my sister's puddle as more people were now staring at the both of us. I was glad that my sister was with me during this time, otherwise I would be a lot more humiliated then I already was for wetting myself; if my sister weren’t here with me, I probably would have ran away to hide my embarrassment from them. I reached down in front of me, wrapped my hands around my sister’s arms then pulled her up and she slowly stood up to her feet. I smiled at her slightly and we both wiped our eyes free of the remaining tears.

“Don’t worry about it Kagami… let’s just try to get ourselves cleaned up as best as possible.” I said to her as she returned a smile.

“Good idea…” she replied, still a bit shaken from her accident but seemed to be okay overall. Maybe she felt better since we both had one.

There was nothing we could do now but just wait in line together which, ironically, was a lot shorter then when I first tried to wait in it. Kagami’s bottom was completely soaked, so she stood with her back facing me to hide most of both of our wet pants since the front of mine was mostly wet. The line moved surprisingly fast, and it wasn’t long before we were both at the front; I looked back and the queue had refilled itself with more otakus. Some of them seemed to not notice stepping in the large soaked area that Kagami and I made, others did and made an effort to avoid it at all costs.

Soon enough though, it was our turn to go in the bathroom; we took separate stalls and pulled down our wet shorts so we could finish peeing and try to clean ourselves the best we could. Not long after I sat down, a slow but steady stream of urine poured out of my opening and splashed into the toilet water below. I was soon joined by Kagami shortly after I started and we finished almost at the same time, through hers was longer since she started later then me. After the stream came to a slow drip, I wiped myself with tissue then proceeded to wipe down the inside of my thighs and my legs.

Flushing the toilet, I stood up and pulled my shorts and panties that had dried off a little already but still very noticeable that I had peed in them. I waited outside the stalls for Kagami to finish, and she soon finished the flushed her toilet as well. We met again and she sighed as the worst part was over now.

“I hope Kona-chan will understand… I don’t think she has this kind of bad luck except for that one time in school a couple of weeks ago.” I said to my sister, trying to keep optimistic as we exited the bathroom. It was lunch time, so it was time to meet Konata in the food court.

“Oh, I wouldn’t say that… she’ll understand more than you think Tsukasa.” Kagami replied. I found what she said a bit odd and didn’t quite understand what she meant by it.

“What do you mean, sis?”

“Oh, nothing…” She replied and giggled a bit.

“Hmm. If you say so. Let’s get to the food court then.” I shrugged it off and we made our way to go have lunch with Konata. I sure hope my sister was right about her being able to understand that both of us had an accident and didn’t get to have any type of fun so far at ComiKet. Was there something that she wasn’t telling me?

###

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 5

*005*2010-09-28 09:17

Update: Yes I am still writing fan fics, I've just been occupied with other things.

{{:

Helllllloooooooo

I read this a few weeks or months ago, sorry I didn't comment, I forgot to, Tsukasa acts adorable like Orihime from Bleach (My fave anime)

Isabella.

}}

It's been about a month. But it's alright. Tsukasa is adorable in the anime as well.

*006*2010-09-29 06:22

Unlucky Star: Chapter 5 "The Revenge of Kagamin; Konata's Punishment." in the works and being written as I type this. Yep.

Will contain omorashi of course, but also some master/slave punishment, maybe bondage (not sure on that yet). So there's going to be plenty of sexual themes in this one. Basically, Konata spills the beans about Kagami and Tsukasa's accident at ComiKet and it gets around the entire school. Then Kagami gets her revenge by blackmailing Konata into being her sexual slave for a day and making her wet herself or she spreads around Konata's accidents to the school. They will both be 18 of course, for the sake of others that aren't into lolicon.

If this is going to be a problem, let me know.

