Teen Titans Go fanfic

Author: peepants1300

*000*2015-04-04 01:18

Introduction

The teen Titans had just won an epic battle against ravens dad. As celebration, they threw a party. They had punch, chips, fruit bowls, and many other snacks. Raven hovered over to the other titans. " I don't know what you're celebrating for. You know he'll be back. " Beast boy turned to her. "Stop bein such a killjoy, mama! Have some fun! " Raven sighed and left the party and went to her room to meditate. The teen Titans were about to end the party when someone in the crowd said, " Hey! I've got the spiciest wings in town! Who says we should have the titans eat em? " After much applause and shouts of "Yea!" The titans agreed to eat the wings and a man stepped out of the crowd with a bucket of wing. Cyborg smelled them. "Mmmmmm. Hot wings! I could eat them any day."

"Titans GO!" Robin yelled as each titan took a wing. They were each given two glasses of punch. "What about raven?" Beast boy asked, "She should have to do this too!" Starfire sighed. "Forget about Raven. She is the bummer." The crowd began counting down. 3....2....1! Each titan took a bite. "Wow! This is really hot!"He picked up one of his glasses and took a big gulp. And then another. The other titans followed suit. They had finished off both glasses by the time they were done with one wing. Robin began fanning his mouth with his hand. " Okay. I'm done." Starfire agreed and said, "Okay! The party is over! Exit in an orderly fashion through the front door. Hope you had the fun!" It was only minutes after they cleaned up that the crime alert went off.

*002*2015-04-24 22:47

Chapter 1

The titans rushed to the park, where the distress signal had come from. When they got there, they saw that the park was empty. "Search the premises." Robin ordered. The titans obeyed. The titans split up and searched. Not soon after, they heard a "Hey!" from Cyborg. They rushed over and found him on the ground, still, but breathing. They looked around. Three dark figures jumped out from behind them and shot them with darts. They dropped almost immediately.

They awoke in cage - like chambers. Cyborg weapons were powered down. Starfire had an unbreakable substance on her hands, so she couldn't shoot beams. Her eyes were covered with the same substance. This also meant that she could not see. Beast boy was in a movable body cast, but could not change form. Robins weapons were gone. Ravens "cage" was magic proof. Beast boy was the first to speak. "Where are we?" Starfire was beginning to panic. "Why is it so much of the dark? Why can I not see?" Robin shook the bars of the "cage".

"I don't kn-"

His answer was cut off by another voice. "YES! YES! Know that I have the titans in my grasp and diarmed, no one can stop me!" The new villain laughed an evil laugh. "Hope your comfortable. You'll be here awhile!" He laughed a more devilish laugh than before, and retreated to where he came from. The titans situation was getting worse, fast. And they had no idea, but it was about to get much worse.

