Saskia's misfortune - A partly AI written story

Author: SadisticSwitch

*000*2022-10-16 13:04

Author's note: NovelAI and I wrote this together. It starts with about a 1 paragraph prompt from me, and then it is about 50-50 the computer and I. I tried to only minimally change, and overall accept, the strange suggestions the AI gave me. I enjoy collaboratively writing with the AI (I pay for a subscription and so far it has been more fun than subscribing to most porno sites, at least for me with a pretty good visual imagination). You may notice the AI sometimes makes some logic errors, which I tried to smooth over as much as possible, but I think it did a pretty good job.

###

Saskia was too drunk at the club, and all her normal friends had already left. As she danced she noticed that she had to pee desperately, and grabbed her crotch with both hands to keep from wetting herself and peeing into her gray leggings on the dance floor.

Tessa, who always kind of bullied Saskia, saw this, smiled, went over and put her hand on Saskia’s shoulder as Saskia started to move towards the bathroom. “You don’t bed the bathroom Saskia, look how absorbent your leggings are,” Tessa replied replied laughing, “let’s get you another beer instead” she said and led the desperate and drunk Saskia to the drink bar instead, laughing as she could see a small trickle of piss escape into Saski’s leggings, visible for all to see. the bathroom Saskia, look how absorbent your leggings are,” Tessa replied replied laughing, “let’s get you another beer instead” she said and led the desperate and drunk Saskia to the drink bar instead, laughing as she could see a small trickle of piss escape into Saski’s leggings, visible for all to see.

Tessa paid for beers for herself and Saskia, as they went back to the dance floor. Saskia felt like she needed to pee even more now, but couldn't let it out in front of Tessa and her other friends there, so drank two more beers while dancing. Unfortunately this led to Saskia developing a large wet spot in her crotch, that Tessa and her friends thought was hilarious. They teased her about it, and made fun of her for being such a slut. She tried to ignore them, but soon got frustrated and lost her temper.

"Shut up! I have to pee!" Saskia screamed, catching the attention of everyone nearby. “That’s too bad,” said Tessa, “because the only place you’ll be peeing tonight is in your leggings in front of us”.

The crowd around them laughed and cheered as Saskia turned red and shouted back: "Fuck you! You're all fucking pigs!"

Tessa laughed and replied. "Well then, take off your pants and show the whole crowd what you've got under those tight little leggings."

Everyone laughed except Saskia, who burned red, and tried to turn to go to the bathroom. But as she turned around Tessa grabbed her and picked her up by her bladder, causing Saskia to whimper and soak her leggings down to her knees. The crowd applauded as Saskia dropped to her knees, still peeing onto the ground, and pissed herself right in front of everyone.

Now Saskia, totally soaked from the waist down, wanted to go home, but Tessa and the others blocked her from leaving the dance floor. Tessa asked Saskia, grinning, “now how about you show us your wet panties, or better yet do you want to dance in your wet leggings and we’ll put your pissy panties on your head?”

Saskia's face turned scarlet and she yelled: "No! Let me go!"

Tessa laughed and replied: "You'll be staying here until you pee yourself again. Do it now and maybe I won't tell your boyfriend what you did here tonight."

As the crowd laughed and cheered Saskia was humiliated once again, and finally gave in, dropping her leggings to the ground and peeing herself. It took her a few seconds to realize what she was doing, and then she looked down at her soaking crotch and let out a gasp. She had peed more due to peer pressure, and now that Tessa could tell Saskia was too embarrassed to do much, she pulled down Saskia’s leggings to show everyone her soaking wet panties that were still dripping with urine.

The crowd laughed at Saskia's predicament, as she stood there exposed, her wet pussy and crotch on display for all to see. A few guys came close to check out Saskia's wet crotch, making her feel even more ashamed.

Tessa started a chant , “ wet panties on her head!” Which many men and women followed, finding the whole thing hilarious. Saskia relented, taking off her wet underwear in front of everyone, giving it to Tessa as she put her wet leggings back on, grimacing as she pulled the wet material up her legs. Tessa smiled and pulled Saskia’s wet panties over her head, letting them hang down her back and covering Saskia's face with the soggy fabric.

Saskia started to cry, and Tessa laughed saying: "you know, I think you should wear these for the rest of the night.” To which Saskia submissively nodded.

Nora then suggested a group picture with Saskia wearing her wet panties. Everyone agreed, and Tessa, still holding the wet panties up to Saskia's face, took pictures of her own camera of Saskia standing between two friends, wearing her soaking wet panties on her head with soaking wet leggings .

As the night went on, the girls took turns buying Saskia drinks and intermittently pushing on her bladder, never letting her use the bathroom. They were all having a great time teasing the poor girl, who was getting more and more uncomfortable as the night wore on.

When one of the girls bought Saskia a shot, she begged her friend to let her pee, promising not to tell anyone. Her friend agreed on the condition Saskia still pee through her pants, which she reluctantly agreed to. So, they brought her to the dance floor, where she had to stand next to the DJ booth, surrounded by people as she squatted to pee. All eyes were on her as she let loose, emptying her bladder into her tight leggings. Tessa had noticed and videoed the whole thing, with her loud laugh alerting Saskia to the fact she was being filmed and photographed.

After the song ended, Tessa yelled out "Next time you want to pee, come to us and we'll hold your hands for you, okay?"

Saskia nodded, blushing furiously. Saskia instinctively tried to hide her soaking wet leggings but realized it didn't matter since she had soaking wet underwear over her face. She went to the bar and ordered a glass of pure vodka to help her forget her situation. After her third glass she was barely aware when Tessa showed up behind her, took her empty glass and demanded, "Saskia, now pee through your leggins into this glass"

Saskia shook her head no, feeling even more embarrassed than before.

Tessa grabbed her hand and pulled her to a corner of the dance floor, where she couldn't be seen by the crowd.

"Now will you do it?" asked Tessa again, pulling on her hand.

Saskia groaned in protest, but Tessa insisted, "I know you want to, I can see it in your eyes. Look at me! If you don't do it now, you'll regret it later."

When Saskia again declined, Tessa took back the glass, smiled, and said "Fine, I'll do it for you" and proceeded to pee through her own underwear under her skirt into the glass. At first Saskia started to laugh but that ended quickly when Tessa dumped the glass over Saskia's head, soaking her hair and face with urine. As the crowd cheered, Tessa helped Saskia to a table and sat her down.

At this point Saskia was beyond humiliated, and just wanted to go home. She was more sober now, and knew she'd be in trouble with her boyfriend if he found out about the incident. She told Tessa about her worries, to which Tessa replied "Then come sleep at my place tonight, Nora is crashing there too. If you do what I say then I won't post any of the picturs or videos"

Saskia nodded, and walked to the bathroom to clean herself up. On the way she passed the DJ booth, and Tessa waved at her. Saskia didn't respond, though, and went to wash her hands. Nora went in after her to make sure Saskia didn't use the bathroom, Saskia felt humiliated being watched, so completely drenched, only being able to wash her hands.

Tessa then texted Saskia asking her to meet her outside. When Saskia stepped out, Tessa grabbed her wrist, and without a word dragged her to the car. Saskia knew it would be impossible to explain to any taxi driver why she was soaked, so just followed Tessa's lead, walking to her car while holding her crotch. Tessa noticed this and as Saskia got in, she said "But don't you care pee in my car, if you need to pee you hold it or leak in your pants until we get back to my place." Nora got in the car next to Saskia and looked at her with a malicious smile.

On the ride back, Saskia kept pressuring Tessa to let her pee, and eventually convinced her to pull over and let her squat behind a hedge near the freeway. Once there, Tessa took out some tape and created a tape belt for Saskia so she couldn't pull down her pants. Afterward, Tessa drove to her apartment, and both girls went inside, locking the door behind them.

Once they were alone, Tessa and Nora took off their clothes, and Saskia looked on with horror as they began to fondle each other and kiss. This was too much for Saskia, who grabbed a whiskey bottle from the mantle and went to drink and fall asleep on the couch, barely remembering she was soaked with her own pee.

Tessa and Nora laughed at her drunkenness, and decided to tease her some more. They started stripping themselves naked, and Tessa called Saskia over to the couch. "You've been such a good sport, and I think you deserve something sweet," Tessa said as she grabbed a large glass that both she and Nora peed into before pouring it all over the half-asleep Saskia and her clothes.

Saskia gasped at the warm liquid running down her chest and stomach. She quickly jumped up and started to undress, but then remembered the tape belt and stopped.

"What are you doing?" Tessa asked Saskia, as she pushed hard on Saskia's bladder and making Nora smile as she watched the poor girl squirm and writhe in pain.

Saskia tried to hold it in, but was unsuccessful as she was forced to pee all over her bed, soaking it and her pillow.

"I think now you can sleep Saskia", Tessa said with a smirk as Nora then commented "Sleep wet Soaking Saskia" and they both laughed intensely.

Tessa and Nora stripped off Saskia's wet top, and then went to her room to bring her a fresh white shirt. Both girls left Saskia alone, but returned shortly with Saskia's phone in hand.

"I think you've had enough fun for now," Tessa said, handing the phone to Saskia. She saw a text from her boyfriend, who had texted her earlier to ask where she was and said he was going to be worried if she didn't answer. Tessa thought for a second and said to Saskia, "Your boyfriend is writing wondering what's up, I think you have two choices: either tell him you got so drunk you wet yourself several times tonight or you get to tell him everything is fine but drink half a liter and not use the bathroom until at least tomorrow, or whenever we let you pee somewhere other than your pants again"

Saskia glared at her, and Tessa continued, "If you don't choose the latter, I'll publish all our pictures and videos, and tell your boyfriend and his friends what happened here tonight."

Saskia sighed, knowing that any choice she made would end up with her boyfriend finding out about her humiliating night. She chose option one, telling her boyfriend that she drank too much and has wet her pants repeatedly. Her boyfriend laughed at her on the phone, and told her to drink enough water to sober up and he'd talk to her again in the morning. Tessa was delighted at what he said, and immediately brought Saskia a big bottle of water and a new pillow for her to sleep.

When Tessa went to bed, Nora stayed up watching movies with Saskia, who was still wearing her wet leggings. By midnight she was almost sober, and wanted to pee. Tessa let her go to the bathroom, but Nora followed her, preventing her from untaping her pants, filming as Saskia sat on the toilet and peed through her pants again. Nora turned off the camera after she was done, and waited outside as Saskia came out of the bathroom.

Tessa told her "We're going to continue this game tomorrow, and for the next few days. But first go to sleep, ok Saskia?"

Saskia nodded, and slowly walked to her room and crawled into bed, falling asleep instantly. Tessa then took the video camera and left for a few hours, leaving Saskia in bed, with the wet leggings still hugging to her thighs. When Tessa returned, she found Nora asleep on the couch, obviously drunk and still in her jeans. Tessa first put Laura's hand in a bucket of warm water, snickered, then went to check on Saskia, asleep in the bed. Tessa was amused but not surprised to find Saskia asleep in a puddle in the bed. Tessa woke Saskia, first laughing at her wetting the bed before helping her finally remove the wet leggings, and told her to pee on Nora's hand, which she did, with giggles and smiles from both girls as they all slept. As Saskia peed through her underwear onto Nora's hand, Nora began to pee slowly but steadily into her jeans on the couch.

***

In the morning Saskia woke up to Tessa shaking her awake again in a puddle. Saskia had wet the bed again. She quickly got up, and stood in front of Tessa, who made her take off every single article of clothing except her bra and panties. Tessa said, "Today you will wear your bedwetting panties around the house, no pants or dry panties for you today until you make up for wetting the bed twice in one night."

"Go pee on Nora's hair", she said, and Saskia obeyed. Saskia went over to the couch and positioned her crotch over Nora's head on the couch, smiling as she noticed Nora's soaking jeans for the prank the night before. Saskia relaxed and began pissing through her panties onto Nora's hair, which caused Nora's blonde hair to become shiny but dark. Nora woke up, confused by the sensation of being peed on, and looked at Saskia with a frown.

"Why are you peeing on me?" she asked Saskia.

Saskia just smiled, and Tessa picked up the camera and started filming.

Nora blushed strongly, grabbing her crotch as she noticed her bladder was about to overflow and soak her jeans even further. With Tessa's encouragement she removed her pants and peed through her panties onto the carpet. When she finished, Tessa told her to get dressed back in her wet jeans, but not before having Saskia pee on her hair again.

After breakfast, Saskia was allowed to change her panties and into a pair of light blue boxers, but Tessa told her to stay away from the bathroom. Saskia protested, but when offered a bottle of vodka in exchange, agreed to only pee through her shorts.

Tessa and Nora had both changed into normal clothes, and sat in the living room drinking vodka. After an hour, Saskia became desperate to pee, but Tessa warned her to wait, and poured her another big glass of vodka. Saskia passed out even though it was only noon, and Tessa immediately put Saskia's hand in warm water and pulled her pants on over her boxers, again taping them shut. As Nora and Tessa chatted, they heard a hiss to see Saskia slowly soaking her jeans in her sleep again, which had started to become a regular thing for her apparently.

When Saskia woke up at 2:00 PM, she could feel her bladder still being full, and knew she'd be in for it when she got home since her pants were soaked again. Tessa left the house, saying she had errands to run, and told Saskia to wait there with Nora.

Saskia was starving and thirsty, and asked Nora if she could use the kitchen to make herself something to eat. Nora agreed, saying that she had to do some work, and that Saskia should definitely make them some food. Adding "At least if you make food you won't be busy wetting yourself in your sleep again" and burst out laughing.

Saskia cooked some bacon and eggs, and gave Nora and Tessa some food. As she ate, Saskia knew that it was a bad idea to try and go to the bathroom again without permission, so she held on. Her patience was rewarded as Tessa gave her another clean pair of pants to put on over her wet boxer shorts, and the three then drank some vodka before going to the park.

At the park, Saskia suddenly noticed she was beyond desperate to pee, and that she was already started to leak in her fresh pair of pants. Tessa called her over and ordered her to stand on the grass facing the other girls. Tessa placed a cup under Saskia's right foot, and pointed at the ground, making Saskia squat down over the cup, as Tessa filmed her peeing through her pants into the cup. Tessa then took the cup and emptied it onto Saskia's face, making Saskia gag.

Tessa opened Saskia's wet pants and this time taped her shorts shut as well. Tessa then ordered Saskia to walk home in her wet pants, and told her that when she got home she should either tell her boyfriend everything and ask if he wants to come along next time they hang out or she needs to go to bed with a full bladder and not using the bathroom. Saskia agreed, and Tessa told her to hurry.

When Saskia got home, she told her boyfriend that she had been very drunk, and had wet herself twice during the night. He laughed at her, and told her that he wasn't mad at her but rather disappointed that he hadn't been there to see it himself. He told her he wanted to condition her to pee whenever she hears the jingle of his keys, and immediately pulled out his keys and began to jingle them.

"You can't be serious? My pants are still damp" Saskia said somewhat taken aback.

"I said pee in your pants while I jingle these keys, Saskia" her boyfriend replied in a stern voice, "or else..." He paused briefly and then said "Or else what?"

"Or else" Saskia said meekly, as she began to pee into her pants. It was very clear that she was leaking urine, and she could feel it running down her legs for easily the 8th time in the last 24 hours.

Afterwards he helped her get cleaned up and put on fresh clothes. He insisted that he get to jingle his keys every time she peed, and she pee every time he jingled his keys, every day for the next week. Coincidentally, it was the next weekend that Tessa and Nora came to visit.

The evening with Saskia's boyfriend James, along with Tessa and Nora was initially very relaxed and jovial. As they started to become more drunk though, James took out his eyes and started to jingle them in front of Saskia's face as the other girls looked curiously at her.

"Can't you see I'm peeing!" Saskia yelled at him, laughing nervously as she realized how embarrassing it was to pee with someone standing directly in front of you, and how much she couldn't help but pee at the sound of the jingling keys. Tessa and Nora burst out laughing, and James couldn't help but suppress a huge smile at the large wet spot forming in Saskia's jeans.

James replied "Yes, sweety, that's the fun of this game, now stop making a big deal out of your wet pants and have another drink"

Saskia just laughed nervously at Tessa and Nora, who both giggled back and grabbed more drinks from the bar. James began to playfully jingle his keys in front of Saskia again, and Saskia felt that she was going to pee her pants even more right there. She tried to resist by focusing on breathing deeply and staying calm, but she knew she couldn't hold it in any longer.

"OK, OK, I'm peeing! Pleae stop, at least for now" Saskia pleaded.

As Saskia lifted her hands to cover her crotch, James pulled her hand away and continued to jingle his keys in front of her face. Saskia tensed up and clenched her legs tight, trying to hold it in, but the sensation of her pee continued to seep into her panties and pants. James continued for a few more seconds and stopped, leaving Saskia sitting in a puddle on the floor as Tessa and Nora returned with a new bottle of vodka.

"Stop being such a baby about it, Saskia" Tessa said, as she handed Saskia a fresh pair of panties to put on over her wet pants. "Come on, let's go take some pictures of you all wet"

Saskia and the girls went outside, James followed with a camera. The fresh underwear Saskia had put on over her jeans had already soaked through, and she looked like some kind of ridiculous superhero. Her wet pants were so heavy that they almost dragged along the ground behind her.

Saskia's friends took several shots of her wearing nothing but wet pants and sneakers, bending down, standing up, touching her toes, laughing, walking around. When they were done they returned back to the house, and James took Saskia to the back to get a fresh pair of pants. Tessa and Nora sat alone at the table in the living room now, and started discussing what to do next, Tessa said, "It's absolutely hilarious that we can apparently make Saskia pee with our keys now!" to which Nora laughed so loud she was scared it would annoy the neighbors, and replied "I know right, we need to do that like all the time, let's pour some drinks and get our keys ready for when Saskia comes back with James."

A few moments later, Saskia returned in a fresh pair of jeans with James. She looked very embarrassed as she walked into the kitchen next to the living room, and stood in the kitchen while James quickly changed her pants and put on a fresh t-shirt.

Saskia asked her friend's why they were talking about her and making her pee her pants, and she was shocked to hear them say this. Tessa laughed and said, "Because it so totally fits you Saskia, you are a pants pisser, but a fun one, here have a drink" she said and offered Saskia a tall glass of vodka. Saskia stared at her blankly, and her friend's laughed.

Tessa said "No, really, Saskia, you're a little pisser in the pants, and it's funny that you think us girls don't know"

Nora added, "You're always saying no when we all know you end every party in wet pants, and probably like it like that."

Saskia turned bright red and said "No, no I'm not, it's only happened that once or twice, I've never tried to deliberately pee my pants before"

Her friend's all laughed at her and said "Oh come on Saskia, everyone knows you always go home in soaking wet pants. You literally wet your bed twice last nice" Tessa said, unable to keep from laughing as she pulled out her keys and started shaking them in front of Saskia's face. Saskia squirmed under their laughter, and said "I guess I am a little pisser in the pants, but please stop teasing me like that!" as her fresh pair of jeans got a wet spot about the size of apple.

Nora and Tessa laughed loudly, and James started laughing too, but telling them "That's enough for now, let's drink and play poker. We are better sips of vodka."

Saskia positioned herself to play poker with her friends, and James followed suite. Saskia took a large gulp of vodka and held her bladder with her visibly damp pants while she played cards with her friends, and James took pictures. Saskia was enjoying herself now, and feeling a bit drunk. But after losing a big bet, Saskia had to drink her entire glass of vodka, and went from a little drunk to very drunk. As her friends gave her another round of drinks, Saskia's condition began to worsen.

Tessa lost track of the number of drinks, but said "Ok, Saskia, you've had enough, go pee, we'll stop drinking too, ok?" but Saskia was too drunk to answer, and she laid down next to the table. Nora and Tessa began talking more with James, who shared their common amusement at Saskia's propensity for pants wetting. Nora asked, "Do you think she'll pee in we shake our keys near her ear in her sleep?"

James said, "Maybe, let's try it," and they all began to shake their keys in front of Saskia's ear. She didn't wake up, but she did start to pee as soon as they started shaking their keys. After a few seonds they had stopped laughing as hard and stopped. Tessa suggested, "Let's do it for a few seconds every few hours, I think it is funniest like that, I mean it is only like 20:00."

James agreed, and the three of them continued playing cards, occasionally shaking keys near Saskia's head. They were giggling again when they noticed Saskia's crotch was getting wet. Tessa quickly found a roll of toilet paper and cleaned off the carpet under Saskia, and put a fresh blanket over Saskia to keep her warm.

The conversation started to die down around midnight, and they had already made Saskia pee a few seconds probably every half an hour. Tessa woke Saskia to give her some water to drink to both help her sober up and keep the fun going. Nora was beginning to fall asleep in her chair, and James was getting ready to go to bed for work in the morning, leaving only Tessa awake.

Tessa first relaxed and tried to sleep before deciding to put Nora's hand in warm water before jingling her keys once more near Saskia for a few seconds, then laying down to sleep on the couch. It seemed like she only just closed her eyes when she heard Saskia say "Tessa, can I pee?"

She opened her eyes and saw Saskia stumble drunk into the kitchen and sit on the floor.

Tessa laughed groggily, pulled out her keys, and began to shake them in front of Saskia's ear. The girl began to laugh nervously and said "No, please don't make me pee so much, I'm trying to get to sleep, it's late, no, I have to go to work tomorrow evening. But I'm a panty pisser and I can't help it at all when you jiggle your keys" Saskia said to Tessa as a puddle began to spread out under Saskia in the kitche, drenching the seat of her pants before she laid back down, pulling the blanket from the border to the living room and covering herself halfway, her wet pants still visible to Tessa as she realxed on the couch, looking over to see Nora also had a visible wet crotch while asleep on the chair.

Tessa shook her head and said "You are a mess, and it's funny how you can't even hide it anymore, I guess we'll have to clean this place tomorrow. Oh well, good night, you two"

A few minutes later Tessa was fast asleep on the couch.

***

Tessa awoke to the alarm clock ringing in her ears, a few hours later than usual, and remembered what happened at the party. She got up slowly, her mind foggy as she yawned and stretched. Nora was still asleep, her crotch still wet, but Tessa made the effort to remove the bowl of water that she had put Nora's hand in to in order to make her pee in her sleep. On her way to the bathroom, Tessa went over to the sleeping Saskia and jingled her keys again to see if she would pee. Unsurprisingly but very amusingly, it worked and a new puddle formed under the sleeping Saskia

She felt her bladder full, and figured she had to pee badly. She sat in the kitchen, drinking tea and eating some toast. Then she stood up to leave, but decided to shake her keys in front of Saskia's head one more time, except this time both Tessa and Saskia peed in their pants. It was hilarious, and Tessa did not want to stop, but after a few moments she could feel her panties getting heavier and knew she was peeing in her pants. She said to Saskia, "I've gotta go, sorry, I don't know why I'm still drunk. But hey, this morning all three of us girls are panty pissers apparently"

Tessa looked down at her own slightly wet crotch and chucked, knowing Saskia was literally in fully soaked clothes in a puddle. Before leaving, she set Saskia's phone to play keys jingling whenever Tessa, Nora, or James called. She smiled and walked out of the house, heading to her car.

***

After work, James was walking home, but he had forgotten to take his key with him, and had locked himself out of the house. Saskia had already woken up, showered, and gotten the house cleaned up again. She was wearing a fresh pair of light pink jogging pants. James dialed in her number to call her to ask her to let him in.

"Hey babe! Sorry, I forgot my key here, can you let me in? Please?"

Saskia giggled and replied "Sure, I'll be right there"

He waited for five minutes, and when he couldn't wait any longer, he called again. Unfortunately for Saskia, she was literally opening the door in that moment as the phone rang, the ringtone being jingling keys. James stared in amusement as his girlfriend's face turned red as she realized the ringtone was makinng her pee her pants.

"Oh! Sorry James, I was just about to let you in!" she said, and shut the door behind her. James hung up as he noticed the growing wet spot on Saskia's sweatpants. He said "Oh sweety, you panty pisser, it's ok, it's a good look for you, you don't need to change" as he found his keys in the kitchen.

Saskia was sitting on the couch, watching TV, not caring much about the wet spot on her pants as she enjoyed the fact that James was amused by her wetting herself. Saskia dozed off and dreamed of jingling keys, peeing her pants completely in front of the TV in her sleep.

***

The next day, Tessa woke up early, and spent some time in the shower, enjoying the hot water while she washed her hair. She dried herself, and was surprised to find a large wet stain on the front of her white panties she had taken off after getting up. Tessa then went back to her bed to discovered she had wet her bed for the first time in years. She immediately called Saskia, who came over immediately after getting changed. Tessa told her what had happened, and Saskia giggled as she remembered how she had woken up the previous day. She offered Tessa a spare pair of panties, which Tessa accepted gratefully. Nora came in, seeing the situation, laughed and pulled out her keys from the pocket of her jeans.

Nora had worn a pair of jean shorts yesterday, and had slept in them last night. They were stained with small spots of pee, and Tessa knew the reason. Tessa pointed at Nora's damp crotch and laughed, as the jingling keys made Saskia'S laughing turn into a gasp as Saskia began to pee her pants as Nora shook the keys.

Tessa teased Saskia and asked her if she wanted to try it too, and Saskia, who was literally peeing her pants, said yes. The three ladies stood in a circle and started shaking the keys together, making each other wet their pants. After a few minutes, they stopped and stood in silence, looking at each other, smiling, and wearing wet pants.

Tessa then said "Ok, we're going to get dressed now, and leave, but first let'S do a contest where the loser doesn't get to change out of their wet clothes."

Saskia's and Nora's eyes lit up, and they played rock paper scissoors, with Tessa winning, and Nora losing the right to change out of her wet shorts.

Saskia dropped off the two girls at work, and James met her after work. He had been feeling rather nervous all day, and Saskia noticed this. Saskia decided to tease him and walk seductively towards him, letting her wet dress ride up her thighs. James got very excited, and Saskia could see his hard dick in his pants. As Saskia and james had sex, Nora was preoccupied with trying to ignore her wet shorts at work.

She'd tried to do her job as well as possible, but she kept getting distracted by her wet crotch, and the jingling keys on her uniform that were making her pee more and more. When she finally got home, she headed straight for the bathroom, and peed in the toilet without even taking her shorts off. It as at this moment that Tessa got back from work and walked in on Nora peeing through her pants, exclaiming, "Oh my God! You are peeing your pants in my house! What is wrong with you!?"

Nora was horrified, and started crying, as Tessa made fun of her for wetting her pants, and then ordered Nora to lock away all her dry pairs of shorts. Nora thought this was a little mean, but she complied, allowing herself to be mocked for her wet shorts by Tessa all day long, occasionally Tessa would shake some keys as she walked by Nora, causing her to squirm in embarrassment as she further wet her pants.

At dinner, James and Saskia told Nora and Tessa about their new "contest", asking her to play along. Nora protested, saying she didn't want to wear her wet shorts anymore. But the whole group told Nora to stop spoiling the fun, and the game began.

***

Nora had been wearing her shorts all day, and her butt was soaking wet with urine. The contest was to see who could jump the furthest. Nora was hesitant to go outside in her wet shorts but Saskia told her, "stop being a coward, you're just as much a panty pisser as I am"

Nora agreed, and jumped out of the car, landing on the grass. She quickly followed up with another jump, landing again in the grass.

Nora started to have trouble jumping, because her legs were getting tired, and she couldn't control her bladder anymore at the third and final jump. Saskia, who came in last, couldn't help but hysertically laugh at Nora soaking her shorts in public. Tessa, who won the context, celebrated by jingling her keys in Saskia's face.

Nora was humiliated and took off her wet shorts, but not before giving Tessa a hard look, whose face softened in response. Meanwhile, Saskia's laugh turned to a groan as she also began completely peeing in her pants. Tessa smiled widely, standing between her two wet friends and asking James to take a picture.

After everyone had changed, and taken a shower, Tessa suggested that the four of them go out for ice cream, and this time Saskia joined in, telling Nora that she didn't need to be embarrassed about her wet shorts. Although most people didn't notice, Nora still caught many people laughing at her still clearly wet shorts as they went to get ice cream.

The four of them sat down at an outdoor table, and had a great conversation, and laughed a lot. Nora felt very relaxed, and enjoyed herself. However, Tessa did notice that Nora was sitting with her legs crossed tightly, and that she kept shifting around every once in a while. Just for fun, Tessa tightened Nora's belt as much as possible, putting more intense pressure on her already full bladder.

Nora looked slightly uncomfortable, but didn't protest as she started to occasionally leak in her shorts every time she bent forward. Once they left the ice cream shop, Tessa stopped walking, and pulled Nora behind a tree, so that no one else could see them. She pushed Nora down onto her soaking wet shorts bottoms, and commanded, "Now finish wetting your pants like a good panty pissing Nora."

Nora nodded, and clenched her butt cheeks together, as she began to pee uncontrollably. Her shorts became soaked quickly, and Tessa grabbed her hands, forcing them into her lap. Nora struggled against Tessa as she continued to pee in her shorts, and Tessa wouldn't let go, making Nora soak her hands and her shorts completely.

Tessa released Nora's hands, and asked her if she was done. Nora said yes, but then added, "but I can't stand it anymore, i'm going to pee myself" Tessa smiled, and replied "I knew it, you just love the feeling of wetting yourself"

