Warcraft Omorashi Story - Page 3

By Earth Shock

*051*2015-03-25 02:38

Will post another tomorrow, but here is a treat to hold you over. Full on corrupt Fiora with her legendary armor.

%http://imgur.com/owAMNDT

*052*2015-03-27 01:26

About ten hours had passed and the sun was rising. Julia conjured some water for the group as the flats were starting to get quite hot. All five had held themselves the entire time as they wanted a very large wetting, and they were all quite desperate. Julia who was squirming around a bit said "Well Alison, this certainly did make the trip more... interesting." Alison smiled and responded "Glad you liked it!" Fiora suddenly shouted "Fuck it!" before sighing in relief "Ahhhhh..." The rest of the group giggled. Fiora peed for almost an entire minute before grinning and saying "Ah, all done." The other four all looked at each other in their desperation and noded knowing just what the others were thinking. Laura, Sera, Alison, and Julia all proceeded to start wetting together. They wet for just as long as Fiora had.

Fiora was a bit turned on by the whole event. All of them finished and Fiora said to them "That was hot... no pun intended, but we need to get going again." The rest noded and began traveling once more. Alison spoke up "That was a lot of pee, but the diaper feels like it can hold more!" Fiora smiled and said "It will hold at the absolute minimum three wettings, but can probably handle up to five without much trouble... maybe even more." Alison poked her diaper and said "Wow, that's impressive, I have a feeling the game will last a bit." Julia laughed "Yes it will!" Alison continued talking "I like that it retains the warmth to!" Fiora bowed and said "Magic can be used for more then just killing things!" The group all laughed and continued walking, now about half way through the flats.

After some traveling the group eventually saw a small settlement in the distance. Fiora turned to Laura and Sera and asked "Know what this place is?" Laura looked in the distance before responding "No I don't, but I don't know much about what has happened in southern Kalimdor in recent years, so it's probably been constructed recently." Alison moved next to Fiora and asked "Are we going there? I don't know how welcome we will be in our current state."

Fiora thought for a moment "We will get closer and try to get a better look and see if it's a place we can stop at." she said to the group. The group walked through the flats for a little longer before reaching a point they could get a better view from. All five looked closer as the distance before Julia said "Doesn't look like it's Alliance... or even Horde, maybe we can stop there, and if we are unwelcome, we can always leave." Fiora who had also been looking responded "Sounds like a plan, lets head on over." With that the group continued on to the settlement.

Upon arriving the group walked in to the settlement, though they got dirty and awkward looks from some of it's population. Before too long a Goblin walked up and asked "Hello ladies! What are you here for?" Fiora looked at the Goblin with a suspecious look, for he didn't seem bothered with their demonic forms. "Where is "Here" exactly?" Fiora asked bluntly. The Goblin laughed and responded "This is the Mirage Raceway! Though we also get a lot of visitors seeking a break from the sun and heat."

Alison sighed and spoke up "A break from the heat... thank the light." The Goblin waved for the women to head over and said "Come on, I'll take you to my boss." The group followed the Goblin. The settlement wasn't exactly a lovely looking place, filled with many Gnomes and Goblins working on various machines, crudely put together structers, and most basic design, but it was something at least. "You can meet him over there." the Goblin said as he pointed upward towards an area with some Goblins working on various machines.

All five women proceeded to walk over to the working Goblins. "Hello ladies! My name is Zamek What can I do for ya?" The women looked at each other with surprised faces before Fiora responded "Hello Zamek, we were passing by and needed to rest, and this was the only settlement anywhere near here. We were told you were the boss of the town." The Goblin laughed and responded "Boss? I wish, I'm just boss of the racing team here. This place doesn't have a boss, whoever said that probably wanted to get away from you as quick as possible." Laura spoke up "Probably... but why are you are talking to us without any trouble, I mean, we look kind of... evil, I guess you can say."

The Goblin got a more serious tone and responded "Look around ladies, there are people of every race here, Humans, Goblins, Gnomes, Ogres, Dwarves, even a Night Elf! I would be lying if I said you didn't make me a little nervious, but as long as you don't cause trouble, I don't think anyone will bother you." Laura smiled and responded "I see, well thanks." After that the women took their leave.

Julia looked around a bit noticing there was almost no buildings, but mostly work areas and other things set up before sighing and saying "Looks like we are sleeping outside again." Sera giggled and responded "Oh well, but it's alright, you must be used to it at this point." Julia still with a disappointed look continued "Yeah I suppose so..." Fiora spoke up shortly after "We can only spend a day or so, then we need to move on." The rest of the group noded in understandment.

Alison who had been looking at the race track said to the others shortly after "Can we at least watch a race?" Fiora thought for a brief moment and responded "Well if it happens within the next day or so, sure!" Alison smiled jumped up clapping in happiness. "Ahhhhh..." Laura suddenly said. The rest of the women looked at her and grinned. "Well Laura, having fun?" Sera said to her fellow Night Elf. Laura smiled and responded "Well I was going to hold it for a really big pee, but I was really in the mood to go." The rest of the group quietly laughed. Soon after that Fiora spoke up and responded "Well, I'll be holding it a bit more." Alison soon grinned after and said "Well I'm going to win..." The rest smiled and continued walking towards a shady area next to one of the buildings.

The group split up for the first time in a bit and explored the settlement. Laura hung out next to one of the buildings in the shade. Laura was quickly grabbed by Sera and pulled aside. "Shhh..." Sera quietly said as she put her finger to Laura's lips. Laura pushed it aside and whispered to Sera "What is it?" she quietly asked. Sera grinned and responded "Thanks to your earlier... pathetic, wetting, I don't see you winning, however, because of it your diaper is currently the most soaked still... want to help me win?" Laura smiled and responded "Are you asking what I think?"

Sera grinned and responded "If you mean exchange our diapers, then yes! My next wetting will be sure to make yours overflow!" Laura smiled and said "Wearing yours would be really hot... I love the idea of it!" Sera noded and responded "Me to!" The two Night Elves proceeded to change each other in to each other's diapers. "All done!" Laura said excidedly. Sera poked Laura's extremely wet diaper she now wore "I'm going to win for sure!" she said with a huge grin. Laura looked around and said "We should return before the others get suspecious." Sera noded and the two walked back to the area next to the building they were staying at.

Alison returned to the area the group was staying at and said to Laura and Sera "Find anything interesting? This place doesn't have much outside of the races." Laura responded "No, nothing of interest." Sera giggled and said nothing. Shortly after Julia came back and said "Nothing to do here really, I wonder when the next race will be." Fiora finally returned and said "I was talking to the race master and the next one is tomorrow morning, so we can spend the night and watch it, but we should probably leave right after, around noon."

The rest of the group agreed and they all sat down next to each other and began talking. "So Alison, what exactly is your story?" Fiora asked. Alison, now fidgeting a bit, responded "You know I am a paladin, but I only became one recently. I wasn't serving in the military for the first or second wars, and barely did in the third. I helped at the town church where I grew up, but wanted to help the soldiers during the wars, but was not old enough." The rest of the women sat quietly listening.

Alison continued speaking "By the time the third war started, I finally was old enough to actually help in the war, but being so young I was kept in the back lines and only healed wounded soldiers who returned from battle. I was glad to do it, but I wanted to help and protect more. The Scourge was not a normal foe..." Alison fidgeted some more before continuing "After Lorderon fell to the Scourge, a lot of us needed to leave, most of us headed south to Stormwind which had recently recovered from their defeat in the first war. Stormwind was searching for all able bodied men and women to help restore their military which had almost all been wiped out in the first war. It was at this point I decided to help."

Julia spoke up and asked "What made you choose to become a paladin?" Alison looked at Julia and responded "Well, for a year or so I was just helping the church, but one of the higher ranking priests knew how much I wanted to help in actual battle, and he recommended I persue that path, my skills with the holy light would easily allow me to be recruited, and I could be trained in battle. So I did, and I trained for several years and finally graduated around six months ago."

Alison paused before saying "I can't take it anymore!" she stood up and a faint hissing noise started. The rest of the women laughed and giggled as they watched. Alison who had now finished wetting herself sighed and said "Still no leaks..." Fiora continued laughing and said "I made them strong ha!" Sera grinned and stood up "I bet they are not strong enough for me!" she said as she began wetting herself. Like Alison, a hissing noise started coupled by a dark wet patch growing on her tight leather pants. Laura watched attempting not to grin. The rest watched with a surprised look. Fiora and Julia both began wetting themselves as well to see if they leaked, which they didn't. Fiora walked up to Sera and said "Guess you win Sera." Sera smiled and said "Thanks!"The whole group giggled.

The sun began setting and Fiora said "Maybe we should rest for the night, I think we are no longer in immediate danger, and it would make traveling a little easier." Julia looked at Fiora and said "I'm fine with it." before turning and saying "You alright with that?" to Alison, Laura, and Sera, all of which were fine with. Fiora stretched her arms and wings "I know we don't need much sleep, but if we are starting a new pattern tomorrow, we should probably get some before morning." The other four women all agreed. "Should we change before we go to sleep?" Alison asked everyone.

Julia spoke up "It's much darker now, it would probably be easiest to hide now." Fiora and the two Night Elves agreed. Julia layed down so Fiora could diaper her "This is quite wet Julia!" Fiora said as she giggled. Julia laughed "Well we were trying to make them leak!" she said. Fiora pulled the second diaper out of Julia's bag and began putting it on her "All done!" she said. Julia got up and pulled a diaper out of Fiora's bag "Your turn!" she said. Fiora slide her hand across her armor before saying "I kind of don't want to actually..." Julia got a suspercious look and said "Just take off the legpaltes slightly... you don't need to take it all off." Fiora looked downward and noded before unstrapping several legplates then laying down. Julia proceeded to change Fiora's diaper as Fiora had done to her. "Done! You can put your armor back on!" Julia said to Fiora who quickly did as instructed.

Only a few yards away, Shandris and Laura had been changing each other. Sera had already changed Laura and was laying down to be changed herself. Laura took off Sera's diaper and giggled before putting it in her own bag. Sera gave Laura a descreet high five and they both giggled. "They had no idea!" Sera quietly said. Laura only grinned in response. "All done!" Laura said as she finished diapering Sera shortly after. Sera stood up and patted her behind and smiled. Alison spoke up "That's all well and good, but what about me?" Julia turned and said "Chill out!" as she pushed Alison down and pulled her pants down. Alison smiled and layed there is bliss. Julia changed Alison as she had Fiora and said "Done! Just cool it!"

Alison laughed as she felt her pants. After changing, the group layed down to get some sleep. Sera and Laura layed down together and wrapped their wings around each other and hugged and kissed a bit before going to sleep. Alison watched and walked over to Julia who was laying down and tapped her. "What is it?" Julia said in an annoyed voice. Alison rolled her back to the ground and wrapped her wings around her. Julia quite shocked exclaimed "What are...!?" before calming and finishing "Heh... what the hell, seems like fun."

She proceeded to wrap her own wings around Alison forming the shield-like posistion Laura and Sera had. Fiora watched Julia and Alison and chuckled and smiled before saying "Have fun you two!" Both Julia and Alison peeked their heads out at Fiora and Julia said "Umm, you can join in Fiora if you would like... I am not sure why, I have just never felt so alive before!". Fiora grinned and responded "It's your powers I am sure, but about your offer, I am fine thank you. I don't want to remove my armor." Julia and Alison resumed their fun for two or so minutes before they too went to sleep.

*056*2015-03-29 04:12

Finishing up the Gadgetzan chapter! (Really in to writing this particular one) I try to delay releases since I write them slowly to avoid burnout/shitty quality, though it's catching up.

Just wanted to thank people enjoying it, it gives me more desire to expand it (And damn at the speed it will be long >.<)

And because she wasn't in the pic earlier, here is Alison...

%http://imgur.com/YV7KWYK

I wanted some gear semi-quality looking, but not too flashy gear since she is (was) part of Stormwind's paladins (As opposed to Laura who sort of just threw her gear together), but pretty low in it.

*057*2015-04-01 06:19

Next part, also a demon Julia pic I made...

%http://imgur.com/pGYcYxp

The sun had come up and Laura was the first to wake. She stretched her arms and wings and yawned, exposing her fangs. After stretching she quickly looked down and poked her diaper, and much to her delight, it was considerably soaked. Fiora was the next to wake, though she merely sat up and fanned her wings. Laura in a giggling tone asked Fiora "So Fiora, did you wet yourself last night?" Fiora grinned and replied "No... but I am right now!" Laura watched Fiora, who had both a relieved and aroused look on her face, soak her diaper right in front of her. Shortly after Fiora had finished wetting herself, Julia woke up.

Laura eagerly asked Julia "Julia, did you wet yourself in your sleep?" Julia poked her diaper, which was still dry "No, I will later." she replied. Alison woke up next, and was asked the same question "No, I didn't." she replied to Laura. Finally Sera awoke, Laura wasted no time asking "Did you wet yourself Sera?" Sera got a disappointed look on her face "Laura, I have been wearing diapers longer then anyone else here, what kind of question is that? Of course I did!" she replied. Roughly one second after, Sera burst out laughing to which the others joined in as the got ready for the race and eventual traveling shortly after.

All five women searched for a spot to watch the race from, though the only remotely decent spot they could find was some old poor quality bleaches. They all sat on them waiting for the race. "The race should start in around five minutes." Fiora said to the rest of the group. Laura chuckled and pointed to the bleaches on the other side of the track "All the other spectators are on that side... nobody wants to sit with us." she said. "I don't care, as long as we are together." Sera responded.

"Oh I don't mind eitehr, I just thought it was funny." Laura continued saying. The group continued talking for a few more minutes "Shhh... the race is starting." Fiora said. A blonde haired female human is extremely short pants walked to the center of the track in front of the lined up races. She started a countdown "Three... Two... One... Go!" she said as she waved her flag. All of the racers, about three on each team, took off. The Goblin racers shot out ahead much quicker, but the Gnome racers slowly started gathering speed. Before too long they had all left sight.

"This kind of sucks..." Julia said as she was looking off in to the distance attempting to see the racers. Fiora thought for a moment "I have an idea!" she said as she walked over to a nearby building. The rest of the group watched as she stretched out her wings before flapping them and jumping to the top of the building. "I can see the whole track from up here... come on up!" she said to the others. The others followed her up, though Alison had a little trouble at first as she was not quite fully used to her wings yet.

After a couple tries Alison finally reached the top and sat down beside her friends. "This is much better." Julia said in a cheerful tone. Fiora noded and responded "Indeed" Laura looking off in to the distance at the racers who were about even now asked "So which team do you want to win?" Alison quickly spoke up "The Gnome team!" she responded. Sera thought for a moment "It might be odd, but actually the Goblin team." she replied. Julia didn't waste much time thinking "Gnomes" she replied. "Goblins... you Laura?" Fiora replied in a stern tone. Laura thought for a moment and responded "Gnomes I suppose."

The group watched as a few laps had passed. Alison who had started to fidget during that time was now doing it a lot more. Fiora grinned "How you doing Alison?" Alison in a desperate toen responded "I need to pee." Julia laughed "Use your diaper... that's sort of the point." Alison smiled and responded "I wanted to see if I could make it through the race before I wet myself... though I don't think that will be happening." Laura was the next to speak "Just go then! No sense being uncomfortable if you can't make it anyway." Alison thought for a moment "Your righ... ahhhhhh..." she responded.

Alison still quite clearly wetting herself said "I need to thank you Sera... I was just thinking, I would have to miss some of the race if I didn't have on a diaper." Sera giggled "I know, its' great isn't it." Alison now with a look of relief said "I'm all done!" Fiora pointed to the race track "They are approaching the last three laps." she said. All five women stood up and started paying closer attention to the race.

A Goblin racer was in first place, followed by one of the Gnomes, then another Goblin, then Goblin, then Gnome, and finally the last Gnome. "Looks like the Gnomes are done for!" Sera chuckled. "How is the race scored anyway?" Laura asked as she watched the racers reach the final lap. "I am not one hundred percent sure, but if I recall from earlier, first place scores ten points, with each place after that having two less and last place having one." Fiora responded. Sera in an smug tone said "If it stays how it is, the Goblins have twenty points! More then enough!" Laura, Julia, and Alison all cheered on the Gnomes in hope of some change by the time the lap was over.

"KABOOM" An explosion sounded as one of the lead Goblin's rocket engine's ropes snapped and it went flying off in to the distance. The racer's other engine was out of control, but he eventually cut the rope seperating his cockpit from the out of control engine causing it to slide across the sand. The rest of the racers crossed the finish line and the Gnome team came out triumphant. Julia, Laura, and Alison cheered, Fiora and Sera gave a reluctant clap. "Well that was fun!" Alison exclaimed. "Indeed it was... but we should get ready to go." Fiora replied. "And we should get ready fast!" Julia said as she pointed off in to the distance.

Fiora looked over "The Kirin Tor pursuit force? They have gotten much closer due to our distraction from the race... I think we have ten minutes until they reach here." she said. Laura and Sera already started walking south and Alison quickly ran after them. Fiora thought for a moment, which Julia noticed. "What is it Fiora?" Julia asked. "I want thinking of maybe slowing them down a little." Fiora responded. Julia got a concerned look on her face "Please don't do anything... bad." she said. Fiora turned and chuckled "Don't worry, I won't." she replied. Julia noded and ran after the others.

Fiora stood there and thought to herself "Hmm... frost nova seems like the best bet for something like this... but in this heat? Not to mention they could melt it with fire spells." Fiora continued thinking "I wonder..." she thought to herself. Fiora held her arms up and began casting an frost nova spell, but not a standard frost nova spell, one she infused with the fel energy she posessed. "This should give the ice the unnatural stregth to last a bit..." she thought to herself before running off to catch up to her friends. Fiora caught up with the rest of the group shortly. "What happened?" Julia asked. Fiora smiled "I used a frost nova spell!" she replied. Julia got a puzzled look and said "From that range? Impressive... it must be our powers, but that will not last long at all in this heat and with their fire." Fiora grinned "I infused it with fel energy, strengthening it considerably, I bought at least thirty minutes." she replied. "Well thats good!" Alison said aloud.

The group continued traveling through the desert. "I am so fucking hot!" Sera yelled aloud. Laura laughed a little and said "Tight leather black clothing, I would imagine you are dying!" Sera got a frustrated look "Then I am getting rid of it!" she yelled as she began taking her clothes off. Laura was a little turned on after seeing the now nearly naked Sera with nothing on but her diaper. "And the diaper?" Laura asked. Sera breathing in some relief from the heat replied "That will come off shortly, I want to use it before then though." Laura noded and continued walking.

"You are lucky Sera... I am covered in plate and can't carry a full suit of armor around like some leather clothes... I am dying in here." Alison said in a fatigued voice. Sera giggled "I'm sorry." she said. Julia looked at Fiora "You are covered in plate Fiora... how are you holding up?" she asked. Fiora grinned "I feel great, this armor keeps me cool in the heat... and I will assume warm in the cold." Fiora replied. "I am so jealous!" Laura, who was also dying of heat due to her heavy armor, said. Fiora chuckled and said "You will get one soon enough."

Only a few minutes later Julia took her clothes off as well. She stood still for a moment and looked down as her already wet diaper got slightly bigger. She giggled and blushed "Whoops!" she said. The rest of the group laughed a bit and continued walking. Only about one minute later Julia took her soaked diaper off as well "Ahhh! That's wonderful!" she said. Alison and Laura both scowled in jealousy. Sera giggled and said "I want that to... but first I need to do something." The rest of the group watched knowing full well what Sera wanted to do first. The ever so delightful hissing noise started followed by a naughty grin on Sera's face. She peed a lot, to the point a small amount came out the side of the diaper and trickled down her legs "Ahhh... that was lovely!" she said before removing her diaper. "Well... we should get back to traveling, I am sure the Kirin Tor are still following us." Fiora said as she started walking again.

"We should probably run I think... it would be faster, plus we have the energy to keep it up thanks to the... powers, we have." Alison said. "The heat would do some serious damage, especially to you with that gear on. We need to travel steadily and safely" Fiora sternly responded. Alison noded in understandment. The women got most of the way to Tanaris, as the mountains seperating the two deserts were near. "Seems we are close." Julia said while looking around in other directions. "I am glad... I am sick of this place." Sera said after Julia spoke. "Well, we are going to another desert, so it won't change much." Fiora said in response to Sera's comment.

Sera sighed "Yeah, well these giant scorpions and basilisks are creeping me out, so if only just that." she responded. "I would imagine there will be more in Tanaris" Julia said casually. Sera got an annoyed look "Don't ruin it!" she said to Julia. Laura looked further ahead "I can see the mountain path!" she said aloud. The rest of the group looked and saw it as well and started running a bit despite the heat. Eventually they reached the pass, which wasn't that large as the mountains seperating Tanaris and the Shimmering flats were more like hills, though too steep to climb. All five women proceeded to start walking up the path together.

*059*2015-04-03 05:54

{{:

Heh Poor them

They will just encounter more Giant Scoprions and Baslisks

}}

Tanaris is a hell of a lot more eventful.

*061*2015-04-05 07:33

I think tomorrow I'll post everything I have up to where I am writing (Several chapters or whatever you want to call them).

*062*2015-04-06 06:54

I mean tomorrow night >.<

*063*2015-04-07 07:48

Something came up today and I wasn't able to get it ready, tomorrow for sure :(

*064*2015-04-08 05:33

The women had finally reached the border of Tanaras. "Tanaris at last!" Sera said in an excited tone. The group continued walking and approached the peak of the path, and off in the distance, the Goblin town Gadgetzan was visible. "Should probably put your clothing back on, we are going to a town after all." Laura said to Sera and Julia. Fiora pulled out her robes unfolding them getting ready to put them on before she spoke up "We should probably change actually, it would be much easier since most of us are already undressed." The rest of the group agreed and all took out their alternate diapers. The diapers had dried and cleaned themselves as designed and were ready to be worn, and eventually wet in. Laura changed sera as usual, before taking off her gear and laying down for Sera to do the same. Fiora and Julia changed each other as well, both having a little fun tickling the other during the process.

"Fiora, I was kind of curious if you could make a diaper I can kind of just pull up and down like underwear." Alison asked before she layed down to be changed. Fiora taking Alison's alternate diaper and getting ready to diaper her responded "Why? We don't mind changing you at all." Alison continued speaking "Well you guys change each other quickly, but then you all have to wait on me..."

Laura started speaking "We really don't mind Alison!" Sera soon followed "Yeah it's no problem!" Alison smiled "Yeah, but I would like something for that at least for the times we need to save time." she replied. Julia soon spoke up after "Sounds like it could be something we could all use." she said. Fiora thought for a moment before responding "Very well, I can make each of us a "Pull up" diaper next time we have access to extra cloth... it would be useful in a rush." Alison who had just finished putting on her armor responded "Thank you!" The group began walking to Gadgetzan to take a break from the heat.

The group walked in to town getting quite a few dirty looks. "I don't think they like us too much." Alison whispered to the others. Julia leaned over to Alison "Don't worry, these are Goblins of the Steamwheedle Cartel, they generally don't care who someone is so long as they are... profitable." she whispered back. Fiora who had overheard the conversation spoke up "Not to mention, the guards will attack anyone who starts trouble, so that Kirin Tor scum won't be able to do anything to us if they reach here... no offense Julia." Julia laughed "None taken, I am not really part of them anymore." she replied. A Goblin walked up to the group "Hello... ladies. Welcome to Gadgetzan... please don't cause any trouble." he said with an uneasy voice. "Don't worry, we might look like demons, but I assure you we are not with that scum." Fiora responded.

The Goblin, still uneasy, replied "Yeah, well, just don't start anything..." before walking off. The group walked around town a little looking at the various places the town had to offer. "An auction house, bank, arena, plenty of shops and workshops, even an inn, this place seems to be doing quite well for itself." Julia said in a cheerful tone.

"An inn!?" Alison said loudly. Julia now a little annoyed shushed Alison. Alison in a much softer tone responded "Sorry, but we haven't slept inside for awhile now, I was hoping maybe we could... Fiora?" Fiora though for a moment "Hmm... well if anyone has any gold to pay for it, as I have none as it was all taken away before I was imprisoned, then sure." Julia whiped out a decent size pouch "I got a decent amount." she said to the group. Fiora looked in the pouch and said "Well... that will be more then enough." she said in a surprised tone. All of the women started walking to the inn, all a little eager to not have to stay outside for a night.

After getting several beds for the night the group decided to check around town for a bit. "There is a lot to see here, we should probably look around." Julia recommended. "Sounds like a plan... just be careful, we are not the most welcome people here." Fiora responded. The group split up and went to different areas of the town. Laura was excited to try out the arena, as she hadn't had a good fight for quite some time. Sera, who went with Laura when the group split up said "Laura, be careful please." Laura smiled and responded "I'll be alright, I just haven't fought anything in a long time, it's really annoyed me." Laura stepped up to a Goblin who looked like he might be in charge of the arena "Are you the Arena Master?" she asked.

The Goblin with a slightly suspecious look responded "I am, welcome to The Cage... were you interested in a fight?" Laura noded "Yes I am." she responded. The Goblin paused and eyed her figure "You certainly look capable... entry is five hundred gold." he said in a sly tone. Laura and Sera looked at each other "We can't ask Julia for it, she already spent gold on us..." Laura said to Sera. Laura turned back to the Arena Master "We don't have any gold... would you be willing to let me in for anything else?" she asked. The Goblin thought for a moment and looked around at people staring at Laura and Sera "Hmm... it seems you already have gathered attention, these people seem to want a fight... tell you what, if you somehow win, I will subtract seven hundred and fifty gold from your winnings, five hundred for the entry fee, two hundred and fifty for a personal cut... sound fair to you?"

Laura who mostly wanted a fight responded "Alright, sounds good to me." The Arena Master interrupted Laura who was ready to walk in The Cage "However, if you forfeit, anything you have of value will be taken, and if you have nothing of value... the match will be to the death... show me something of value you can use as colateral." Laura thought for a moment and responded "I have nothing, I will fight a death match." Sera ran over to Laura "Please don't!" she said.

Laura turned and looked at Sera "I can do it, I am sure I can handle anything this place can offer." she said before turning back and walking in to The Cage. "Let's make this interesting... perhaps a beast instead of gladiator?" The arena master mumbled to himself. Shortly after the Arena Master shouted "A death match will be starting in five minutes! Sarinexx will be fighting this challenger! Place you bets now!" Nearly five minutes had passed since Laura stepped in the cage. The arena master walked up and said "As soon as I leave this place your opponent will be brought in, I should tell you, everyone has bet against you... win this for the house and I will let you keep the entire reward and something special!"

The Arena Master walked out of The Cage shortly after that. Pretty soon some goblins brought in a rather large chained up sand reaver. Sera who was watching on looked at the sand reaver with a creeped out look "Careful Laura!" she said. Laura looked at the sand reaver who the Goblins were getting ready to unchain. "No gladiator... a beast?" she thought to herself. The Goblins reached the door and released the chains as the ran out and locked the door... Sarinexx was unleashed! Laura wasted no time attacking the Sarinexx, she lept over and began slashing, though it wasn't hurting the creature much due to it's powerful exoskeleton.

Sarinexx attempted to impail Laura with it's powerful fangs. Laura dropped her sword and drew her shortsword and shield. She blocked Sarinexx's fangs, but it pierced her shield utterly destroying it. Sarinexx continued it's onslaught stabbing and slashing to no end. Laura however continued to dodge the creatures attacks. Sarinexx, now clearly angered, quit attacking and began kicking up a lot of sand on the ground causing a mini sandstorm within the cage. Laura's visibility was reduced considerably and she could hardly see anything. "Ugh, what am I going to do? I can't dodge this thing forever!" she thought to herself.

After another minute of dodging Laura got an idea "Aha... I can't believe I didn't think of it sooner!" she thought. Immediately after that she began flapping her wings blowing the sand away, angering Sarinexx even more. Sarinexx stopped kicking the sand up as it was no longer having much effect and instead sprayed webbing at Laura plastering her to the side of The Cage. Laura could not move her arms or legs, but her tail stuck out, so she quickly began moving her tail to rip apart the webbing allowing her to escape before Sarinexx reached where she was. After that Sarinexx ran straight up to Laura and began attacking directly once more, slashing and stabbing once again. Laura still could not deal with it's natural armor, but she couldn't forfeit, not that she wanted to anyway.

After a few minutes on the defensive and taking some damage, Laura thought to herself "I wonder... I have used my demonic features to aid myself... I wonder if I can harness the fel energy I have within myself." as she got ready to go on the offensive. Laura began a slashing strike, and right before hitting Sarinexx, her sword became engulfed with green flames. The sword slashed through Sarinexx with almost no effort, causing it to scream in pain and go berserk. Sarinexx continued it's onslaught, but Laura dodged it's stabs and slashed off it's legs. Sarinexx was not done yet, for it could still slither through the sand quite well and it continued attacking using it's tail and bite. Laura rolled out of the way and jumped on it's back, where she stabbed it's head from above with a powerful strike. Sarinexx died instantly after that strike.

Some clapping ensued those who were spectating from outside the cage. The Arena Master entered The Cage and inspected the corpse of Sarinexx "Seems like we need to find a new sand reaver..." he said. He turned around and looked at the somewhat damaged Laura "You put up quite the show my... demon elf...?" Laura who was breathing hard laughed a little and responded "Call me Laura... and I am glad you liked the show." The Arena Master noded and shouted "Today's champion is Laura the..." Laura smiled and said "Fel Elf will do." The Arena Master continued "Laura the Fel Elf!" The crowd of onlookers hyped up after the fight cheered. Shortly after Laura stepped out of the cage. Sera quickly jumped in to Laura's arms "I was so worried!" Sera said. Laura giggled "You worry to much Sera." she replied. Sera leaned over and whispered in Laura's ear "I was so scared... I pissed myself... that creature scared me, but my fear of you dying scared me more."

Laura giggled even more and replied "I didn't notice until now, but my diaper is wet... I am not sure if I was distracted or harnessing the fel energy had anything to do with it, but it happened either way." The two laughed a bit and began walking off. "Hold up there!" The Arena Master said as he ran up to them. Laura and Sera turned around "What is it?" Laura asked. "Well... to be honest, I am not supposed to let first timers fight Sarinexx, but the towns distain of your presence and the potential profit off it made me break the rules, but amusingly enough, you killed Sarinexx, something nobody else has done, most forfeit the fight or even fight to their death." the Arena Master said.

"Well it was an... exhilerating... challenge to say the least." Laura replied. The Arena Master grinned "I made a lot of gold from losing bets... and I might be a greedy bastard, but I don't lie, so you will get a great reward!" he said. Laura got a look of interest and asked "Oh, what kind of reward?" The Arena Master threw Laura a bag of gold "This is one thousand gold... I'm not usually generous, but you won us a lot of gold and the crowd loved the fight despite losing a considerable amount of money." he said before pointing across the town and continuing to speak "Go to the forge, the guy there will give you the next part of your prize, I already told him you earned it." Laura noded and replied "Thanks!"

Laura and Sera began walking to the forge when Fiora, Alison, and Julia ran up to them. "We saw the fight... well at least the second half." Julia said to them. "Oh, well what did you think?" Laura replied. Fiora spoke up directly after "I think it was reckless and stupid..." she said in a stern tone "...but you needed it, plus it made me happy to see you tap in to your fel energy." she continued in a much nicer tone. Alison looked at Laura "You are wounded... let me take care of that." she said as she attempted to cast a healing spell. However, Alison's healing spell failed to cast.

"What the hell!?" she said aloud. "You likely can no longer command the light in your current state... but you likely can cast your spells using your fel energy as a substitute." Fiora said to the somewhat upset Alison. "You think so?" Alison replied. Fiora noded "Yes, most certainly." she said. Alison concentrated for nearly a minute before her glowing green eyes brightened. She began casting a spell on Laura causing Laura's wounds to regenerate. "Seems it worked." Laura said feeling her healed skin. Alison breathed a sigh of relief "That took some time." Fiora smiled "It will come to you no problem with just a little practice." she said. Julia giggled and said "Fel Light perhaps Alison?"

Alison giggled as well and replied "I guess that works!" Alison paused for a moment "I think I wet myself..." she said. Laura quickly spoke up "Yeah, when I unleashed my fel energy in the fight, I also peed myself." Fiora thought for a moment "Hmm... I wonder." she said under her breath. Quickly Fiora started casting a fel fireball spell on a nearby rock which exploded once hit. "My diaper feels a little wet now... odd, this is not something that happens in cases like ours." Fiora said, obviously curious. Laura laughed "Well I can't say I am disappointed!" she said to Fiora. Fiora noded her head "Indeed" she replied.

"Why did this not happen until now?" Julia asked Fiora. "Think Julia, we have only ever used frost spells since our transformation." Fiora said to her. Julia thought for a moment "Now that you say it, I think you are right... I wonder." she said as she began casting a fel spell. "Fel Armor!" Julia said as she began spawning a thin layer of fel energy around herself. Julia finished casting and spoke up "Seems that causes it... my diaper is wet also." Fiora laughed "Well it seems there is even more incentive to use fel energy... just be careful please." she said to the others. "YOU are saying be careful?" Sera asked in a surprised tone. "Yes, I know what it's like." Fiora responded. Laura interrupted the conversation "Let's head and get my prize!" she said. The group all started walking with her towards the smith after that.

Laura and her group reached the smith "Excuse me... I was told to come here to claim a prize for winning in the arena." The Goblin smith looked up "Come with me." he said. The Goblin smith led Laura to a small building and unlocked the door. "In there are some of the best weapons I have ever crafted, and you can take any ones you want. This is the first time anyone has gotten completely free access... you can take several even, just don't empty us out and these are only for you." Laura noded and walked in the building. There was a large array of weapons, and a few shields. "Hmm... I wonder." she thought to herself. Laura eventually found some things to her liking.

She picked out a large mace for crushing attacks, and a bow for ranged combat, as well as a shield for defensive combat, and finally, a one handed sword to be used with her new shield. She came out of the building "Done!" she said. The Goblin looked at her "Four things?... Quite the reward." he said as he locked the building back up. Laura returned to her friends and showed off her new weapons. "Those look awesome!" Sera said to Laura. Alison looked closer at them before saying "I agree!" Fiora and Julia looked a little less interested however "I'm sorry Laura, but weapons are not my thing... but I am quite happy for you!" Julia said to Laura. Fiora noded "Same" she responded with. Laura smiled before saying "There is one thing that would make this perfect... something I have missed for quite some time."

The others were not quite sure what she was talking about, but they decided to keep quiet. Laura walked back over to the Goblin smith "Excuse me." she said. The smith looked up and with an annoyed voice responded "What is it now?" Laura quietly said to him "Do you think you could make a Moon Glaive?" The smith got a curious look "I never have before... there is no demand for them since they are so damn hard to weild." Laura smiled "Are you willing to?" she asked. The smith replied "Yes I will actually, but I will need something from you." Laura noded at the smith "What is it?" she replied.

The smith thought for a moment "Two things, first is some things I will need to make it, as Moon Glaives have magical properties and standard metals won't do, and second, you might of won the arena but this is extra and seperate from your prize, so I will need some form of payment." he said in the typical Goblin greedy tone. Laura thought and said "Hold on." Laura went back to her friends who had been overhearing. "You guys okay if I do this? I mean, we are kind of on a timer aren't we?" Laura asked the others. Fiora put her hand on Laura's shoulder "We have been here almost a whole day, the Kirin Tor pursuit force will likely be here soon anyway, don't worry about it, I expected it once Alison convinced me to say yes to renting a bed at the inn, we will deal with it when the time comes." The rest of the group all put their support for Laura out. Laura noded and said "Okay!"

Laura returned to the Goblin smith and spoke to him "Very well what is it you need and want?" The smith grinned "I know Moon Glaives have magical properties, so we would need a metal with magical properties. I am not sure what Night Elves use for their's, but I have it and wouldn't know where to get it, but I can try using another... and what I want in payment is, hmm... another great arena match... it's winnings!" he said to her. Laura who was actually a little excited noded in agreement "Very well!" she said. Laura walked back to her friends "I need metal with magical properties and I also need to win another arena match." she said to them. Fiora quickly responded "There are a few, arcanite, elementium, fel iron and steel, adamantite, eternium, khorium, that's off the top of my head, I am sure there is more." Julia spoke up "Let's see what the auction house here has for sale!" The group proceeded to the auction house.

Fiora asked the auctioneer what metals they had for sale, to which he responded "Over there" as he pointed in the direction of the metals. The group walked over and looked at the stack of ore and metal "Not much, but I think it will be enough." Fiora said to the rest. Laura looked at the stack and turned to Fiora "What kinds are here? I know various metals due to armor, but I am not really familiar with magical ones." she asked. "Excluding the normal kinds, some arcanite, fel iron, and adamantite." Fiora said as she inspected the pile.

Laura sighed "What kind do you think? As I said I am not good when it comes to magic." she asked. Fiora without putting in any time to thought responded "Fel steel, it's simple enough to be made out of fel iron, and even though it is slightly weaker than adamantite from a magical standpoint, it will perform much better for you due to your fel energy." Sera spoke up after Fiora finished "We should probably ask the smith if he can craft fel steel." Laura quickly responded "Good idea! I'll go ask."

Laura returned to the smith. "Think you could make fel steel out of fel iron to make the Glaive?" Laura asked. The smith in an annoyed voice responded "If it's made the same way normal steel is made out of iron I am sure I can make it. Get me the iron and I'll start working on it. It's yours if you win the arena match tomorrow and pay me, but I have never crafted with it before, so I can't give any promises." Laura smiled "Thank you... umm?" she said hinting at wanting his name. The smith replied "Krinkle Goodsteel, and don't ask why it's so dumb, just call me Krinkle." Laura smiled again and responded "Thank you Krinkle!"

Laura returned to the auction house where her friends had been waiting. "He says he can probably do it." she said to them. "Probably?" Julia asked. Laura in a more serious tone responded "Yes, and I am willing to go with it." Julia pulled out her bag of gold and opened it to pay for the metal. "I got it!" Laura said as she took out the gold required from her winnings. "You already payed for the inn, plus this is for me anyway." she continued as she handed enough gold to the auctioneer. The auctioneer took it and said "Alright take the fel iron you payed for... and sweet job in the arena!" Laura laughed "Thanks!" she replied.

The group, all carrying some of the metal, returned to Krinkle with the lot of fel iron they bought. "Here you go." Laura said as she and the rest put the metal down next to Krinkle. Krinkle inspected the metal for a moment "Yeah I should be able to work with this, and it should be enough." he said. He picked up a piece and inspected it some more "I'll smelt the fel steel out of this today and begin crafting the weapon first thing tomorrow, by the time the arena match is done, I should have it finished." Laura smiled and responded "Thank you." before walking off with her friends.

"What do you want to do now?" Sera asked. Fiora thought for a moment "Perhaps we should just explore town, it is almost the end of the day." she replied. The women agreed and started walking around town. They got some dirty looks, but a lot of people seemed alright with them now. "I'm surprised how people have gotten used to us." Alison said as she felt one of her horns. "I think it's because they know we are not going to start anything, plus they already see countless races here daily, not to mention Laura is actually a little popular after the arena match." Julia said as walked with the rest of the group. "We should grab a drink... I am tired of conjured... no offense Julia." Laura said to everyone. Julia giggled and replied "None taken, I am as well." The group decided to head to a nearby tavern to get a drink. They stepped in and the atmosphere was pretty upbeat with lots of people, mostly Goblins, talking and drinking.

"Nothing alchoholic, the Kirin Tor are close and if a fight breaks out, I don't want anyone to be intoxicated." Fiora said to the rest in a stern voice. They all ordered various drinks, after which they sat down and began drinking. "I am surprised the Kirin Tor are not here yet." Julia said to the rest of the group. "They might be waiting until night." Sera responded. Alison in a disappointed tone spoke up "Aww, I was hoping to sleep in a bed tonight."

Fiora thought for a moment "You can, I'll stay up and watch for them, I have the energy to do it without trouble, if they show up I'll wake you up." she said. Alison smiled and noded "Alright! Thank you Fiora." she said. The group finished their drinks "I kind of want to do something "fun" right now." Laura said with a grin. The rest looked at her obviously a little excited "What?" Sera asked. Laura who was still grinning responded "Let's pee right here, nobody will know!" Sera giggled "Alright! We ahven't done it in a major crowd before!" she said. Fiora sushed Sera "Quiet!" she whispered.

Laura attempting to keep a straight face began wetting herself "Hehe... lovely." she whispered with a small grin. Sera who was also peeing at the same time whisped "Indeed!" Julia started as well "That is sooo nice!" she whispered. Alison who had been concentrating for awhile now started as well "Yay! I kind of hard a hard time with these people here, even though I know they can't see." she whispered in an excited tone. Fiora got a major grin as a hissing noise started. "Fiora!" Julia whispered.

Alison got a worried look "I hope nobody hears you." she said. "Well i'm done now." Fiora replied as she moved her behind around keeping the wicked grin she had. "That was... thrilling, nobody knew what we were doing!" Laura said in a cheerful tone. "I know, it was indeed nice." Fiora said in a happy tone, something she didn't have as frequently as the others. "We should head to the inn, it's getting dark out." Julia said after looking in the direction of the front door. The group got up and walked out of the tavern and began walking to the inn. "Think our diapers can take another wetting? I would hate to make a mess in the inn while we slept." Alison asked. "Shouldn't have any trouble at all, they were made to handle three with no issue and can likely take more." Fiora responded to Alison's question.

Eventually the group reached the inn. Alison stepped in and saw there was no beds, but only hammocks. "Aww, no beds, why didn't you say Julia?" she said aloud. Julia in an amused tone responded "You didn't ask." The Goblin innkeeper walked up to them "If you don't like it, then sleep outside, no refunds." she said to the group. Fiora stepped forward "They will be fine." she said to the innkeeper. Laura, Sera, Julia, and Alison all picked a hammock to stay in and Fiora went back outside. "I'm a little sad I can't sleep with you." Sera whispered to Laura. "It's only one night, you will be fine." Laura responded. All of the women eventually fell asleep within the span of twenty minutes, all hoping the acursed Kirin Tor didn't show up.

"Rise and shine sleeping beauties." Fiora said as she smacked the other four. "Ugh... are the Kirin Tor here?" Laura still a little grogy responded. "They have been here for awhile now, but they were not causing trouble, so I didn't bother waking you until now." All four women woke up, rather quickly due to their energy. The group all stepped out of the inn seeing a dozen or so Kirin Tor waiting. "Well seems the party is all here!" the lead mage of the Kirin Tor said. "Hello to you to." Fiora responded. The lead mage looked behind Fiora at the other four, more specifically Julia.

"Why Julia? You were well respected and quite skilled, why would you join this criminal and allow her to corrupt you?" the lead mage asked. Julia sighed "There was already corruption among the Kirin Tor, I would rather my body become corrupted then get dragged in to political corruption, and I made this choice myself, Fiora might of interested me, but she didn't force it upon me." she said to the mage. The mage in an annoyed tone responded "Somehow I doubt that..."

Julia also a little annoyed responded "Believe what you want, but I have no regrets." The mage now with a more puzzled look asked "And why join her? You know her crimes, why would you join someone like that, I know you would never do something like that, at least you wouldn't before your corruption." Julia sighed again "I know the truth, she might be guilty of other things, but she is innocent of her accused crimes that landed her in jail in the first place. My transformation has nothing to do with what I believe." she replied.

The mage now more annoyed responded to Julia "Well it irrelavent at this point, my job is to take Fiora and those working with her back, you can plead to the arch mages, who knows, perhaps they might listen." Julia shook her head "They didn't even before all this started, and I don't plan on going back and spending the rest of my life rotting in a dungeon, and even if I am not, I will not if my friends are." she said. "Bah, seems I can't reason with you." the mage said. The mage walked closer, this time turning to Fiora "I have made a deal with this town's leader allowing me to arrest you." the mage said as some of the towns bruisers surrounded the women. "I was hoping you would come with me freely, but it has come to this." the mage continued saying. Fiora got an angered look "I am never going back!" she yelled. "Seems we have no choice." the mage said as his group drew their weapons and got ready to attack.

Julia looked around "Fiora, I know we have gotten a lot of power, but a full pursuit squad and a large portion of the town's bruisers is a little too much for us." she whispered in Fiora's ear. "I would rather die then rot in jail, if any of you decide to surrender, it won't change what I think about any of you." Fiora said to the rest of the group. The group all noded at each other "We are with you Fiora!" Julia said. "Final chance!" the mage said. "We refuse to return." Fiora responded. The mage shook his head "ATT..."

"WHOA! Hold on!" a voice said. The mage turned around and sitting there was the Arena Master with the town's leader. The mage annoyed once more asked "What is it now?" The Arena Master grinned "I have been talking with the boss for a bit, and presented him an idea he liked." he said in an excited tone. The Goblin boss stepped forward and motioned for some bruisers to toss an enormous bag of gold back to where the mage was and motioned for the bruisers surrounding Fiora and her friends to leave. "You two will be settling this another way." the boss said. The Arena Master stepped forward "You two will be settling this in The Cage." he said to them. "You can't be serious." the mage responded. "I am, and you will need to accept it or leave my town!" the boss said.

The Arena Master continued speaking "Kill or subdue Laura and her friends you can take them no problem, we won't interfere, we will even make sure they don't pull anything outside of the ring." The mage now quite annoyed responded "I see no other choice, it would be a huge waste of time any other way." The Arena Master continued speaking once more "If you lose, we are taking anything of value you have and you will be leaving this town." he said. The mage quite angry now responded "Fine, I have no other choice!" he turned to his squad and motioned for them to head to The Cage.

Fiora's group starting walking there as well. "How on earth did you convince the boss to give up one million gold!?" Laura whispered to the Arena Master. He laughed "He owed me a favor, saying he was not pleased is an understatement." he responded. Laura now close to the door asked him another question "Why are *you* doing this then? Where is the profit?" The Arena Master in a more serious tone responded "You put up quite the show, the town loved you, and besides... if they lose we get their one million gold anyway." Laura shook her head and walked in to The Cage.

Both groups were in the cage ready to fight each other. "This can't be happening." the mage said aloud. "I'll give the countdown until you start the fight. Whichever team dies or is incapacitated first, is the loser!" the Arena Master yelled. "Are you scared?" Sera whispered to Laura. "Actually... just a little." Laura responded. "For the first time, I am not at all." Sera responded. Fiora spoke to the group "They have six spell breakers... Julia and I can so almost nothing to them. Laura, Sera, you will need to handle them. Me and Julia will handle the mages, Alison, support where you can." she said. The Arena Master began shouting "Three... Two... One... FIGHT!"

Immediately the spell breakers ran to the women while four of the mages began casting various spells. The mage in charge began casting a blizzard spell over Fiora's group. Due to the spell breaker's extreme resistance to magic, the blizzard spell had no effect on them while still effecting Fiora's group. Fiora wasn't phased too much and began casting a fel flamestrike on the mages in the back. Laura and Sera cut the spell breakers off from reaching Julia who was casting her own blizzard on the mages. Alison started fighting the spell breakers as well, learning mid-fight how to use her use a fel variant of her old holy spells. While Fiora's group was outnumbered, their fel power put them up to par with the Kirin Tor squad. About thirty seconds in to the fight, the two mages who had stayed in the back casted an exorcism spell dealing much damage to Fiora.

"WHAT!? They hid paladins as mages!?" Fiora screamed. The lead mage who had a smug look continued casting various spells and replied "We are prepared." Alison quickly began casting fel light and fel shock spells to heal her friends in trouble. "We need to stop the paladins." Laura said to Sera who were both still fighting off the spell breakers. Sera noded and turned to Julia "Julia, we might be able to get the paladins, do you think you can handle these guys for a bit?" Julia who had been hit by many spells already, though still managing well responded "I'll try, you need to stop them!" Fiora who had overheard them said "I'll protect her, I might be a mage, but my armor is stronger then anything a fighter would wear." Alison spoke up "I'll be here to!"

Shortly after Laura lept over to the paladins using her wings to get extra air. Sera couldn't use any of her abilities to sneak to the back thanks to the bright sun, but she followed Laura by leaping over. Sera stabbed one of the paladins in the back with a blade she coated with a sleeping poison. The paladin fell over and was knocked out. "That should last an hour!" Sera said. Laura had dealt considerable damage to the other paladin, to the point he was on the ground.

Laura was about to finish him off when one of the other mages hit her with a frost spell freezing her in place. The wounded paladin got up and cast a powerful exorcism spell and a powerful holy infused slash on the frozen Laura dealing immense damage. Laura fell over dead. "LAURA NOOOOOO!!!" Sera shouted and entered a berserker rage. Sera quickly dispatched of the paladin who had killed Laura and the mage who froze her. The then eviscerated the sleepign paladin in rage before kneeling over next to Laura's corpse and breaking down crying.

Back at the other end of the arena, three of the six spell breakers and three of the four mages had been taken down and Julia was quite hurt. Alison had run out of mana and energy and was fighting without magic. Fiora was still going strong thanks to her major fel exposure and magic armor, though she was also low on mana and energy. The lead mage was incapacitated thanks to Fiora, though not dead.

"AGH!!!" Julia screamed as Alison and Fiora turned around to see one of the thought to be dead spell breakers had gotten up and stabbed Julia in the back. "Alison, I will deal with the rest, go see if you can hardness some energy and heal her." Fiora said in an urgent tone. Fiora as stated began dealing with the rest. She destroyed the final mage with a powerful fel fireball spell, however, she couldn't do much to the spell breakers and started using her staff to whack them to the best of her ability. Her attacks dealt alright damage thanks to the strength she had, but wasn't enough to finish any of them.

There was still three spell breakers, as the one that hurt Julia died from his wounds shortly after. While Fiora could still take quite a beating, she just couldn't deal enough damage to the spell breakers to finish them off. The final three spell breakers surrounded Fiora, and she was ready to continue fighting. When they went to attack her however, Sera attacked all three quickly from behind. One fell over dead and the other two were incapacitated. Sera in her rage was going to finish them off, but she was stopped by Fiora "Stop... they have lost." Fiora said. Sera calmed down and did as Fiora said. Alison came over and said two Fiora and Sera "I healed Julia with the energy I had left, she is stable and will make it." Fiora noded and walked over to the lead mage and undid her spell that was stopping him.

He got up and looked at Fiora "Well Fiora... seems we failed. Are you going to finish me?" Fiora sighed "No... I am NOT a murderer, now get lost, and take the two of your men who lived." she said. The mage reluctantly followed his instructions and opened a portal to Dalaran. The two wounded spell breakers walked through and the lead mage nearly did as well when Fiora spoke up. "And if you truly want to know what's happening... investegate, don't blindly follow what the higher ups say, their is corruption, likely not many, but some... now go." she said. The lead mage said nothing and walked through the portal that quickly closed after.

The crowd cheered though Fiora and the rest didn't care. Fiora and Sera ran up to Laura's body as Alison was watching over Julia who couldn't get up yet. Sera start crying once more, but was shocked at what happened. Laura started coughing up blood, glowing neon green blood. She opened her eyes and looked at Sera "Hello Sera!" she said in an extremely weak voice. Sera hugged her and said "I thought you died!" Laura laughed a little, a painful laugh "Did you really think the likes of them would stop me?" she said. "Alison get over here!" Fiora yelled. Alison ran over and looked at the extremely wounded Laura.

"Tend to her." Fiora said as she stood up from her kneeling posistion. Fiora walked outside The Cage and turned to the Arena Master who was watching. He had an intimidated look on his face and she said "Thank you." He got a surprised look and responded "I thought you were going to kill me there! Thank you for what?" She smiled "You gave us a fighting chance and it saved us, we would of certainly ended up back in Dalaran or dead if you didn't convince your boss to handle the fight like that." she said after. "Yeah well umm... it was quite profitable!" the Arena Master awkwardly replied as he motioned for some of his workers to clean up the mess and scavenge the corpses."

Back in the ring Julia had finally gotten the energy to stand up. "How is she doing?" Julia asked Alison. Alison smiled "She will live." she said. Julia kneeled down next to Laura "How are you?" she asked. Laura smiled and with a playful voice responded "I think I wet myself." Julia sighed and responded "You can joke around once you recover, let's get you out of this hell hole." Alison and Sera picked Laura up and took her back to the inn, Julia followed. In the inn the innkeeper had set up a place to lay down on the floor "Here you go! Feel free to stay another night, free of charge!" she said.

Alison and Sera layed her down and Alison continued healing her with what little energy she had left. Fiora walked in and looked at the sleeping Laura "Looks like we are staying a few more days." Fiora said. Julia responded "We all need to heal and recover, Alison can't heal as all after that, she needs to focus on Laura." Fiora looked out the door at nothing in specific "They will send more... but this will buy us a lot of time." she said. "We need to do something to handle this better." Sera said to Fiora. Fiora shook her head and said "Not sure we can do much other then get ready to fight again." The group all went to sleep shortly after that.

Gadgetzan disappeared in the distance, the women really were in the middle of nowhere. As far as the eye could see was nothing but sand with the occasional skeletal remains from creatures unfortunate enough to be caught out in the desert too long. "I am sick of the desert!" Alison said aloud. Fiora chuckled "And we still have to go through Silithus." she said in an amused tone. "ARG!" Alison grunted in an annoyed tone. "Hey, we are going through Un'goro, we could instead go through Uldum to reach Silithus if you prefer Alison." Fiora said.

Alison took a deep breath "Of course I wouldn't prefer that, calm down, I wasn't bashing you over the route we are taking or anything." she said also in an annoyed tone. "Calm down both of you... the heat and sun is getting to us." Julia interrupted the starting to bicker Alison and Fiora. Fiora and Alison calmed down after Julia spoke up. "Laura, how are you doing?" Sera said in a slightly worried tone. "I am doing fine Sera, this heat might be awful, but I am just glad to be up and about outside." Laura replied with a smile. Julia smacked her behind "I will say, at least my nether region is quite cool, the frostweave is working wonders." she said. "It does, doesn't it?" Fiora said with a grin. The group continued traveling through the nothingness that was the Tanaris Desert.

Nearly eight hours had passed and the group still hadn't seen anything remotely interesting, dusk was approaching and the air was starting to get cold. "Got to love deserts... unbearibly hot during the day, freezing at night." Julia said in a disappointed tone. "Could we find a place to stay for the night?... I know we don't need to sleep daily anymore, but I still haven't fully recovered my energy." Laura said is a shy tone. "Of course Laura, no need to be shy about asking such things." Fiora replied. "I see a place that might be suitable over there." Julia said as she pointed in the direction of where she was talking. Sera got a depressed look "Your kidding right?" she said. "What is it?" Alison asked, curious about what Sera was displeased about. "It's a giant skeleton... like a dragon." Fiora said as she began walking in the direction of it. Alison was a little nervous of spending the night in the remains of a large creature, but she caught up with the rest of the group.

The group reached the skeleton. Fiora inspected it "Seems decent enough, though I am not sure just how much protection it will give, I would hate for a sandstorm or something to start." she said. Julia put her hand up "I got this!" she said as she produced walls of ice between each bone. Sera clapped as she jumped up and down "Yay! I would never of thought!" she said. "Hmm... an igloo... interesting, with how cold it is it should last through the night without much trouble." a quite intregued Fiora said.

"What about a fire?" Alison asked. "We don't really have anything to fuel it." Laura responded. Fiora grinned "And I got this!" she said as she produced a ball of green fire in the center of the makeshift igloo. "An igloo in the middle of the desert, I would never of thought." Alison said while giggling a little. "I see you used fel fire instead of normal fire Fiora, anything fun happen?" Julia said with a sly look. Fiora grinned "Oh yes, and it felt great!" she replied. "I am going to sleep." Laura said as she layed down.

A few minutes had passed "I'm bored and not tired!" Sera said. "Yeah I am to, but we had to stop for Laura." an also quite bored Fiora replied. "Well, why not talk then?" Alison asked the rest of the group. Fiora looked at Alison "Is there something you wanted to say?" she said in a sly tone. Alison, now a little intimidated responded "Well, umm... Fiora, I was kind of curious what this whole quest or whatever is about, I sort of came in late and know the general idea, but not the full story... and the transformation we have underwent." Fiora smiled, a normal non-wicked smile, something she hadn't done for some time "Well the current quest started when Laura and Sera broke me out of prison, but my personal one started far earlier..." she said before pausing and watching the ball of fel fire she made for a few seconds.

"It should be obvious I am someone who seeks power, it became my main goal in life after the Scourge destroyed my home and killed everyone I knew. I was already a pretty skilled mage, but my skill wasn't enough to save anything I knew or loved. After the Third War and following mishaps most of my people traveled with Prince Kael'thas to Outland. We were, and most still are, addicted to magic, and with the Sunwell's destruction in the Third War caused us to experience withdrawel, so we turned to fel magic as a substitute. I won't lie, it was one of the greatest feelings ever... as you know, however our prince started turning down a darker path and a large group of us broke off and gave up the fel magic and returned home. Seeing my home in ruins was depressing and it was then I made the descition to become more powerful. My home had nothing left for me, so I decided the best course of action would be to see if I could join the Kirin Tor.

I was not well recieved, but an archmage spoke out for me, and eventually I was allowed to join under very strict conditions. I was also under constant supervision, which I can't blame them for, however I was content... for awhile. I wanted to experiment with magic, learn new powers to unlock, but it was nearly impossible in my current situation. Eventually one day some strange fel magic was found, and the archmage who had spoken with me requested that I investigate it. I was quite surprised that after quite some time of being restrained, they would trust me with fel magic of all things, and I actually asked about it. The archmage told me that nobody else wanted to investigate it's properties and he knew how much I would be interested in it, as well as my personal experience with fel energy." Fiora sighed and continued talking.

"I worked with it for quite some time without much trouble, I learned it was a form of fel magic not derived from the blood of demons, but was a demon itself. Quite curious, despite being alive it wasn't sentient, I was really interested in it, perhaps too much so. Eventually my fel magic addiction resurfaced... I knew that I could not let it get the better of me. I sealed it in enchanted water to keep it in stasis and returned it to the archmage explaining I could no longer work with it. He told me he understood and that he would seal it in the dungeon.

I kept thinking about it the next few days, I realized that this could very well be the power I was looking for, and I needed to acquire it. That night I snuck in the dungeon and took it and tried a few experements. I siphoned some of the energy and it felt quite nice, but I wanted to continue researching. I put one drop a rat to see what might happened, and the rat started turning in to a demon, but it's body could not handle it and it died mid-transformation.

I was intregued and wanted to test it out on something bigger, but dawn was approaching and I would need to wait until tomorrow night. I studied things I didn't care about at the time to try and get through the day, which I did after what felt like forever. The next night I took it again and went outside Dalaran and tested it on a bear outside, surely that was a big enough creature. It worked and the bear got more powerful, but I realized after the fact that if anyone were to see the bear they would know something was wrong. I couldn't kill it though, it would leave traces of magic, and I was not physically strong enough to do anything about it, plus I am not fond of killing animals in the first place.

I decided to polymorph it and put it in the dungeon, it would fit in with the other failed experements without any trouble, so I did just that. The next day my mind remained fixed on the fel energy, I thought what if it was used on a humanoid, I couldn't do that though, not on someone else, so I decided to try it on myself. I wanted the power after all, and I couldn't test it on someone, and if something bad happened, I would be taken care of quickly, but if it worked, I could escape." Fiora sighed and continued.

"That night I left my study to use it again and I was promptly arrested right as I stepped out the door. I thought they found the bear and learned it was me, but to my surprise it wasn't that. There was a murder, and traces of fel energy were found. They quickly assumed it was me, as I was the only one they knew that had used fel energy at some point in time. After that I was thrown in the dungeon and left to rot... until Laura and Sera got me out and we ran away. One of my other goals is to find the person or people who framed me." Fiora said in an angry tone.

Alison with a shock looked replied "Oh..." Laura got up "Quite the interesting story Fiora." she said. "You were supposed to be sleeping." Fiora replied. Laura giggled a bit "Well I heard the story and had to stay up to listen!" she said in a happy tone. Fiora shrugged and said "If you insist, but we stopped so you could rest so you should probably do so." Laura noded and replied "Okay, just don't start anything interesting!"

Sera smiled and went over to Laura "It's alright Laura, I'll stay with you." she said as she layed down next to Laura. Laura and Sera wrapped their arms and wings around each other and went to sleep. "So Alison, Julia, what shall we do?" Fiora said bluntly. "I was thinking, maybe something fun, if you know what I mean." Julia said with a grin. "What do you have in mind Julia?" Alison asked. Julia shrugged "I don't know, I just thought something fun to do would be nice." she said. "It would be, but you should probably of thought of something before bringing it up." Fiora said to Julia.

Julia thought for a moment "I'm drawing a blank to be honest." Fiora sighed "We should get some sleep... mine as well since we are here." she said as she layed down. Julia frowned "I suppose." she said in a disgruntled voice as she also layed down. Alison moved next to Julia "Perhaps something unrelated to diapers?..." she said as she grabbed her and started kissing her. "Hey watch the fangs... and this is kind of bold for you." Julia said to Alison after Alison stopped for a moment.

"Well, I have gotten more attracted to you since we have been together, I'm not sure if it has anything to do with the corruption or not, but I will say the power the corruption has given me has made me a lot more confident, I would of never done something like that before." Alison said with a smile. Julia smiled back "Well who knows, maybe we are attracted to our kind now, and seeing as we are not traveling with any male demons, we take what's closest to us... though I don't mind, I love all of you girls!" she said in a happy tone.

Alison giggled "I love you all to, especially you Julia, maybe it's because you are human, or human based anyway like I am, but who knows." she said also in a happy tone. Alison quickly went down on Julia again and began hugging and kissing more. Julia breathed hard "I think I'm wetting myself!" she whispered in Alison's ear. Alison smiled "That's fine! I will to!" she said as her smile turned to a grin and the ever so lovely hissing noise began. Alison finished peeing herself then returned to making out with Julia.

Several minutes later things had finally calmed down. "I don't care if we were clothed for it, that was amazing!" Julia said in an exhausted, but pleased tone. Alison who was laying down next to her responded "It was!... I kind of liked being in my armor... and diaper to be honest, I hope it wasn't too hard for you." Julia giggled "Don't worry about it, our bodies are infused with fel energy making them strong, I hardly even noticed the armor's weight!" she said in a happy tone.

"Now I know just how good Laura and Sera always feel! Alison said. Julia noded and got a disappointed look "Poor Fiora, she has no partner." she said in a disappointed tone. "Well, she doesn't seem as in to it as us, she will probably be alright, we are always here if she needs us as well." Alison responded in a more serious tone. "Yeah I suppose." Julia said in a rather blunt tone. "We should get some sleep now, like Fiora said, we might as well." Alison said as moved to her side to get ready for sleep. Julia did the same, only facing Alison "I suppose that's best." she said in response. The two women soon dozed off along with Fiora, Sera, and Laura ending their day.

The next morning the women were woken up by rain of all things. "What the hell it's raining!?" Laura said in a surprised tone. Fiora looked up "No, the ice barrier is just melting since the desert is heating up considerably now." she said as she put her hand out and felt the water dripping. The rest of the group had woken up within that time period and were all sitting within the melting makeshift shelter. "Let's get out of this thing." Julia said as she cast a weak fire ball on the side melting the ice enough in that section for the group to move out. All five women stepped outside and stretched their arms, wings, and tail.

Laura yawned and looked at the melting skeletal ice shelter they had made "Well I can't say I miss the heat, but it's nice to get out of there, no offense Julia." she said. Julia giggled and responded "None taken at all, I didn't care for it much, but hey, it was that or sleep outside." Sera poked her lower region "Should we change before we head out?" she said in a slightly gleeful tone. "Probably should." Fiora replied bluntly. Each woman pulled their spare diaper out of their bag and got ready to be changed.

Sera and Laura changed each other as usual, Sera having a little fun tickling Laura during the process. Alison changed Julia quite nicely as well. Julia was ready to change Fiora when Fiora stopped her "Change Alison Julia, I know you two really like each other now." she said with a grin. "You heard?" Julia asked Fiora. Fiora laughed "Who didn't? I am surprised those two slept through it!" she replied as she pointed as Laura and Sera. Alison got an embaressed look "Sorry Fiora." she said. Fiora smiled "Do not worry about it, I thought it was cute and didn't want to interrupt it." she said to Alison. "I hope you don't mind Fiora, I know we kind of were getting closer." Julia said in a shy tone.

"Julia please, she is a human, it's only natural you would gravitate towards your own race, I am happy for you, and I'm not saying that to try and make things less stressful, you know I am the kind of person who says what I think." Fiora said while smiling. Julia smiled back "I am glad you are okay with it Fiora." she replied. Fiora noded "I love all four of you very much, but it doesn't bother me in the slightest you each have a partner." she said to the others. Fiora grinned "NOW SOMENOE CHANGE ME!" she shouted in a playful tone. All four women moved over to Fiora as she layed down to get changed. "Quite the crowd today!" Fiora said while giggling. Everyone decided to let Julia change Fiora as she intended. "Thank you Fiora!" Julia said as she finished putting Fiora's fresh diaper on. Fiora smiled again "No problem at all Julia." she replied.

The group finished changing and continued the awful walk through Tanaris. Sera was looking at the scorpions and basilisks like the ones she had seen in Shimmering Flats "How do those awful things survive in such a place?" she said in depressed tone. "They have their ways." Fiora replied, a little amused at Sera. "Well I'll use my own way!" Sera responded as she began taking her tight leather clothes off like in Shimmering Flats. "Ahhh! That is so much nicer!" Sera who was only wearing a diaper, as the frostweave kept it cool, said aloud. Julia proceeded to do the same "So nice!" she said after she removed all of her clothing. Alison and Laura were a little disgruntled "Lucky!" Alison said to Sera and Julia. Sera giggled and stuck her tongue out at them. "Quit it and keep moving!" Fiora sternly said to the rest as they continued walking.

Several hours had passed and the women could see the mountain range signifying the Tanaris border in the distance. "FINALLY!" Alison exclaimed. "Yes is will be nice to leave this place." Laura said in a tired tone. "Well we still need to go through Thistleshrub Valley." Fiora said to the group. Julia sighed "Well at least it's something to look at." she said in a disappointed tone. "So is there anything special about it? I mean, it's a more specifically named place, not just an unnamed section of Tanaris like this hellhole we have been traveling through." Laura asked in an eager tone hoping it was something nice.

Fiora shrugged "Probably nothing you would be interested in, but it's a valley full of cacti and strange plant creatures, like the bog beasts you see, except dry and capable of living in this awful place." she replied. Laura sighed "Figures..." she said. "Fiora how are you so knoweledgable about the terrain all of a sudden Fiora?" Julia asked with a suspecious look. Fiora grinned and reached in to her bag and pulled out a map "Got this from a Goblin in Gadgetzan." she said as she held it up. "I see..." Julia replied.

The group continued walking for about another two hours and finally reached Thistleshrub Valley. "This place doesn't look very good." Sera said with a nervious look on her face. "Don't worry Sera, I am here." Laura said to the nervious Sera. "Sera I must ask, how did you even get your job with being scared so much? I mean, it was a pretty dangerous job." Julia asked. Sera sighed "Well I got it before my fears developed, what happened was I had traveled to Stormwind after the Third War and wasn't quite sure what I wanted to do, I just wanted to get away from Kalimdor." Sera paused and looked around a moment before she continued walking and speaking "When I was in Stormwind I wasn't really sure what to do, so I spent a mostly explored during the day and spent my first night in the park and then Elwynn after that." she said.

"Yeah? What then?" Julia asked in a very curious tone. Sera continued "Well after several days I was approached by a man who asked if I needed work. I asked him why he wanted to know and he said that he noticed me out and about during the day and sleeping outside. I was not very interested in the idea of a human job, no offense you two." Sera said with a laugh. Alison and Julia noded "It's fine, there are a *lot* of boring jobs to be had around Stormwind." Alison said. Sera continued speaking "Anyway, I figured it would be a waste to not at least find out what it was so I asked him for more details. He told me he couldn't say a lot about it, but he would take me to someone who could tell me more. So we traveled to a tavern in the Old Town district of Stormwind and we met with another man.

The original man who found me left after leavign me with the one in the tavern. The one in the tavern seemed pretty ordanary at first glance, but he told me he works SI:7 which is Stormwind's covert operations force. He said that they were in need of more spies and that he thought I would be excellent at it." Sera paused a moment and grinned and closed her eyes and sighed in relief "Ahhhhh..." then continued her story as if nothing had happened "Anyway, I asked why he thought I would be good for it and he told me that simply put, I was a Night Elf.

He continued by saying that he recieved many reports about Kalimdor and it's inhabitents during the Third War and that my people were skilled in the art of stealth and living in the wilds, and that watching me those few days only reinforced that. He also said that I was the first Night Elf he saw come and actually stay in Stormwind for more then a day or so, as at the time very few of my people actually left Kalimdor, and finally he already knew I had experience in the area, which I was a little shocked by, but not so much anymore looking back knowing how informed he is about things.

I didn't put much thought in to it, I could do something familiar, yet different, so I told I would do it." Sera paused once again for a moment, this time to fan her wings, then continued "I went through quite a bit of training, which was interesting as it differed from my original a little, and then I was eventually employed with them. Most of my missions were solitary and in the wild, which I was fine with, but I was never given anything big until I got the mission to break Fiora out. I was asked because it was going to be a long mission, normally you could reach Hillsbrad by taking a gryphon, but the Kirin Tor had access to who takes the flight paths.

Another thing was, I couldn't draw any attention either, meaning I couldn't stop at towns and cities... I was actually disobeying order when I went to Menethil Harbor, but I figured since it was a port, it got a lot of diverse traffic and I wouldn't really stick out, plus more and more Night Elves were coming to the Eastern Kingdoms at that point." Sera smiled and said in a wonderful tone "I met Laura there." Sera's voice and face returned to it's pretty average look and tone "Anyway, a long mission that took place in the wilds for most of the time and required the upmost stealth, I was seen as perfect for the job." Sera chuckled and said "Funny, seems I failed my mission."

"You haven't answered my question." Julia said in a straight forward tone. "True, I guess I got sidetracked a little... Anyway I had fought the Silithid in the past, and that took it's toll on me and I eventually developed a disgust for insects and spiders after that, but I never had a fear until a mission from about two years ago. One of our agents had gone missing on a mission to retrieve an important artifact from the enemy, and I was sent to locate him then rescue him... or kill him as he knew a lot of info that couldn't get out. I was determened to rescue him, I had no desire to kill a comrad. Luckily he was not in enemy hands, I had instead tracked him down to a cave. I went in the cave to find it was infested with giant spiders. Although the thought of going deeper in it disgusted me, I had no choice, I needed to find the missing agent. I did eventually find him, or what was left of him, he was a withered corpse. I took the artifact he stole and started to leave the cave.

I was however, caught by one of the spiders. It knocked me out with it's venom and spun me in it's web and left me hanging from a wall. I'm not exactly sure how long it was, but it was at least a day before I came to, and realized I was in a web ready to be devoured when one of the spiders felt like it. Luckily when I was paralyzed and knocked out it caused my body to sort of lock up, so I didn't drop my daggers, and the spider was to simple to think about removing them before spinning me up. I was just barely able to move enough to cut my way out of the web and escape. After that my disgust has turned in to a fear and I am on edge a lot... I hope that is good enough, it was hard to tell." Sera finished saying.

"I didn't know that, I'm sorry that happened to you." Laura said in a sympathetic tone. Sera smiled "So you overheard huh?" she said in a slightly embarresed voice. "It's fine Laura, I will always protect you." Laura said in a happy tone. "We are heading to Ahn'Qiraj soon, so hopefully you can control your fear enough for that." Fiora said to Sera. Sera got a disappointed look "I have been dreading it ever since you mentioned it." she replied. "Well you have all of our support, and we won't let any bugs harm you!" Laura said to Sera. Sera smiled "Thank you Laura." she replied. "Well I hope plants don't bother you!" Alison yelled as she pointed to a strange looking beast made up of gnarled cacti. Fiora looked at the beast "It looks like a bog beast, I assume it must be a different type that thrives in desert conditions." she said in a more curious tone. "Yeah well if it attacks I am wasting no time in torching it." Julia said.

The group started walking again and it seemed as though the creature didn't see them or see them as a threat, although out of the blue started charging towards them. "I'll handle this!" Julia said to the group. Julia cast a fire spell which started burning the beast, though it didn't seem to be bothered too much. "It doesn't seem to be working too well, perhaps this?" Fiora said as she cast a frost spell instead. The creature seemed hurt, but not much, just like the fire spell. "Likely resistant from cold or heat due to the desert climate." Sera said to Fiora and Julia. "Very well." Julia said as she began casting arcane spells on it. The arcane spells had a much better effect and eventually downed the beast. "Well, that was strange." Alison said awkwardly after. Fiora sighed "Come on, let's go, we are almost to Un'Goro." she said as she started walking again.

*066*2015-04-11 01:21

Aaaaand more!

The group finally reached Un'goro Crater, a jungle-like basin filled with exotic beasts that thrive in the jungle, and those long since thought extinct. A small volcanic hill rest in the middle causing the formation of hot springs, tar pits, and large crystals throughout the crater. "FINALLY out of the desert!" Alison said in a very excited tone. Julia noded "Yes it is very nice to finally have a break from the sun and sand." she said while looking around at the drastically different landscape. "Live it up, after we are done here we need to go through another desert." Fiora said bluntly. Laura got an annoyed look "Don't kill the mood, just try to enjoy it Fiora, you need to relax a bit." she said. "I heard several years back that hot springs have developed here, we should bath and relax for a bit." Sera said in an excited tone. "That sounds acceptable." Fiora replied to Sera, still in a blunt tone.

The group started walking around looking for a spring. "Fiora what's up? You seem kind of... annoyed, and I mean more then usual." a concerned Julia asked. Fiora sighed "I'm sorry girls, I have just been dwelling on what happened in Gadgetzan." she replied. "How so? I know that was rough, but what about it caused *you* to be so fixated?" Laura asked. Fiora continued speaking "Well, it was the head mage who we sent away after... something about him was familiar." Laura thought a moment "You probably just saw him when you were at Dalaran." she said. Fiora shook her head "It's not that, I myself thought that at first, but I still had that feeling, and it's been bothering me since I thought of it which was about half way through Tanaris." Sera held Fiora's hand "Well come on, let's find a spring and relax, that might help you think." she said. Fiora noded and continued searching.

The group had split up to search easier, Laura and Sera, Julia and Alison, and Fiora who went alone. "Tar pits, tar pits, and more tar pits!" Alison said to Julia in a disgruntled tone. Julia shook her head "Indeed, you would think they would be more common." she replied. Julia paused a moment before getting a grin "I was thinking Alison, we are alone right now." she said in a sly tone. Alison smiled "Well the others don't mind if we have fun with them there, now doesn't really seem like the best time." she replied. Julia who was still grinning responded in a sly voice "Come on, I need to pee and it was really hot wetting my diaper while making out with you... I want to do it again, plus without the others it would be more intament." Alison thought for a moment and smiled once more "You're right! Let's do it!" she replied.

Julia ran over to Alison and gently pushed her to the ground and layed down on top of her. They wrapped their wings around each other and started hugging and kissing. Julia stopped kissing for a moment and got a smile followed shortly by a hissing noise that lasted about half a minute before she went back to making out with Alison. Julia stopped again "I can't even begin to describe how awesome that felt!" Julia said in an extremely excited tone. Alison smiled and said nothing and just pulled Julia back and continued kissing her. Alison proceeded to wet her diaper as she kissed Julia without even stopping. Several minuted had passed and the two had calmed down a bit and opened their wings and sat up. Julia pulled back her robe and poked her soaked diaper "That was amazing!" she said. Alison couldn't poke her soaked diaper as Julia could, though she was still quite excited "It really was!" she replied. Just then both women heard Fiora "Found one!" she said.

Julia and Alison, who encountered Laura and Sera on the way, ran towards the direction Fiora had yelled. Fiora who had been looking at the spring turned around "Here it is!" she said. The group all quite excited, save Fiora due to her attachment to her armor, undressed and entered the hot spring. "Soooo nice!" Alison said happily. "It will be nice to wash up to." Julia replied in a cheerful voice. Sera and Laura had been using their wings to splash each other with water.

Fiora who had been watching everyone smiled "Ahhhh... I thought not having my armor would cause me to dwell to much and ruin my enjoyment of this... but it hasn't, I haven't relaxed for quite some time" she said. Laura cupped her hand and picked up some water "This water feels nice, but it looks quite hot, what would normally burn someone." she said. Fiora who had her eyes closed relaxing opened them "Likely our demonic skin is quite resistent to the heat, demons are often around fire and such, makes sense that their skin would resist extreme heat." she replied. Sera frowned "Then how come Tanaris was so damn hot!?" she asked. "I'm not sure, maybe because it was the sun? I don't really know." Fiora said in response.

"We should probably wash now." Sera said excitedly. The rest of the group agreed and began washing themselves. "Done save my wings, they are tough to get... you mind Sera?" Laura said happily. Sera smiled "I have been waiting for you to ask! Of course!" she replied. Sera began washing Laura's wings to which Laura did the same after. Alison looked at Julia "Want to do the same?" she asked. Julia noded and fanned her wings allowing Alison to clean them up who did the same after that. The four women now washed up looked at Fiora who was still relaxing with her eyes closed against a rock in the pool.

"Want us to wash you Fiora?" Laura asked. Fiora noded and got on the rock and layed down facign her back up. The group went up to her and began washing her. Sera and Laura each washed one of her wings while Julia washed her back. Alison washed her tail and tugged it a bit out of fun. Surprisingly Fiora was fine with it and began playing with Alison with her tail. "All done!" Sera said. Fiora flipped over and said "You guys mind?" Sera giggled and replied "Of course not!" The rest of the women began washing Fiora's front. Alison washed Fiora's face, horns, and hair, while Julia washed her breasts, belly, and nether region. Sera and Laura washed her arms and legs. "All done!" Sera said cheerfully. Fiora who was still relaxed with her eyes closed responded "Thanks guys!"

A few hours had passed and the group finally decided to call it good and left the spring. The group changed each other in to fresh diapers in the typical fashion before putting their clothing and gear back on. Fiora put her armor back on and sighed in relief as if she got a fix. "Fiora, are you sure you are alright, you seem a little attached to that armor." Alison asked in a worried tone.

Fiora smiled "I am, I won't deny it... my people have addiction problems, and I am just glad the power of my armor and my fel energy sates me, I would rather not return to what my people were years back." she said in a surprisingly cheerful voice. "Well alright, but please be careful." A worried Alison said. "We should set up camp... it's close to night now." Julia said while looking up at the stars starting to appear in the darker sky. "We don't need to sleep yet." Fiora said in a slightly annoyed tone. "Yeah, but for some reason I like laying down at the very least at night." Julia replied. The rest of the women agreed "Very well, if you all like that, we can." Fiora who seemed down, something very rare for her, said to the others.

Fiora made a ball of fel fire to be used as a camp fire, causing her to het herself a little, though it didn't make her any happier. "Fiora, you seem quite down, what is it?" Laura asked. Fiora sighed "I'll be honest, the reason I was reluctant to camp for the night, was because you guys always have such a nice time with each other at night. You and Sera, Alison and Julia... I don't have a partner." she said in a depressed voice. Julia who had been overhearing the topic chimed in "You didn't seem interested in that sort of thing though." she said. Fiora sighed again "I wasn't, but seeing you all together changed my mind." she replied. Sera with a sorry look on her face replied "You are welcome to come with us, we don't mind." Fiora shook her head "No, you guys are nice together and while we would probably have a good time, it wouldn't be the same for any of us." she replied. "We might find someone for you yet Fiora." Alison said in a more optomistic voice.

Fiora smiled for a moment before frowning "I seriously doubt anyone would stay me in my... current state." she said. "Well we are fine with it!" Sera said to Fiora. Fiora shook her head once more "You're bodies are also corrupted, I doubt anyone uncorrupted would ever want to stay with us." she said still in a disappointed tone. Julia thought for a moment "We have a lot of fel power within us... we could I guess you could say donate a little to make another vial of that stuff." she said in a happier tone. Fiora smiled "That's true, but I would need to gather energy, using straight up blood would not work, I wouldn't want them... her... to become a slave to us." she replied in a much nicer tone. "Let's do it now and get it out of the way!" Sera said to Fiora. Fiora noded "Very well." she said.

Fiora stood up and took a left over empty vial from one of the earlier transformations and walked to the spring. She dipped it in and filled it with water and began casting an enchant on it. Shortly after that she took out another vial and passed it to Sera "I need one drop of blood from each of you." she said. Sera took out one of her daggers and cleaned it off very carefully before making an extremely tiny cut on her finger. A drop of neon green blood dripped out in to the empty vial and she passed it to Laura who did the same and passed it on. After all four gave their drop of blood, Fiora took the dagger and vial and also gave her blood. After that she took both vials and put them on the ground in a way they would not tip over. She began casting a spell and a strange mist emerged from the vial of blood.

The mist traveled to the other vial and disappeared in to the clear water. After a few minutes all of the blood was drained and had traveled to the water, which remained at the same level. "I extracted the fel powers from your blood and bound them to the enchanted water... this mixture appears to be identicle to what we ourselves drank." Fiora said with a smile. "Maybe you should make some... diapers?" Laura said.

Fiora laughed "Well we don't even know if she is willing to wear them... but it would save time if she decided to. I will make a few while you guys lay down." she said in response to Laura's question. "I hate to sound negative but, you might not even find anyone." Alison said to Fiora. Fiora noded "I know, but I want to be ready if someone actually does decide to join us." she replied. "Very optimistic for you Fiora." Julia said. "I know it's not like me but, I needed to do this to make me feel better." Fiora replied. "Well I wish for the best" Sera said with a smile. After that the group settled down and proceeded to do what they were going to, Fiora started making diapers with her last bits of cloth, while the others slept with their partners.

*069*2015-04-13 17:10

Will be working every day this week, so might be slow.

*071*2015-04-26 21:49

Rejoice! I have time to start writing again.

I got a question, what is more interesting for Fiora's partner do you think?

1: A Draenei that she surprisingly starts liking forming an interracial relationship. She would start as a shaman.

2: Another Blood Elf like she foresaw forming a relationship based on understanding each other. She would start as a warlock or shadow priest.

I am leaning to the Draenei, however I don't mind either way, so I was curious what people would be interested in.

*072*2015-04-30 23:33

I'm just going with the Draenei, hope anyone is still interested >.<

*074*2015-05-01 02:34

Elaborate? Or in a PM if you prefer.

