Warcraft Omorashi Story - Page 3

Author: Earth Shock

*066*2015-04-11 01:21

Aaaaand more!

The group finally reached Un'goro Crater, a jungle-like basin filled with exotic beasts that thrive in the jungle, and those long since thought extinct. A small volcanic hill rest in the middle causing the formation of hot springs, tar pits, and large crystals throughout the crater. "FINALLY out of the desert!" Alison said in a very excited tone. Julia noded "Yes it is very nice to finally have a break from the sun and sand." she said while looking around at the drastically different landscape. "Live it up, after we are done here we need to go through another desert." Fiora said bluntly. Laura got an annoyed look "Don't kill the mood, just try to enjoy it Fiora, you need to relax a bit." she said. "I heard several years back that hot springs have developed here, we should bath and relax for a bit." Sera said in an excited tone. "That sounds acceptable." Fiora replied to Sera, still in a blunt tone.

The group started walking around looking for a spring. "Fiora what's up? You seem kind of... annoyed, and I mean more then usual." a concerned Julia asked. Fiora sighed "I'm sorry girls, I have just been dwelling on what happened in Gadgetzan." she replied. "How so? I know that was rough, but what about it caused *you* to be so fixated?" Laura asked. Fiora continued speaking "Well, it was the head mage who we sent away after... something about him was familiar." Laura thought a moment "You probably just saw him when you were at Dalaran." she said. Fiora shook her head "It's not that, I myself thought that at first, but I still had that feeling, and it's been bothering me since I thought of it which was about half way through Tanaris." Sera held Fiora's hand "Well come on, let's find a spring and relax, that might help you think." she said. Fiora noded and continued searching.

The group had split up to search easier, Laura and Sera, Julia and Alison, and Fiora who went alone. "Tar pits, tar pits, and more tar pits!" Alison said to Julia in a disgruntled tone. Julia shook her head "Indeed, you would think they would be more common." she replied. Julia paused a moment before getting a grin "I was thinking Alison, we are alone right now." she said in a sly tone. Alison smiled "Well the others don't mind if we have fun with them there, now doesn't really seem like the best time." she replied. Julia who was still grinning responded in a sly voice "Come on, I need to pee and it was really hot wetting my diaper while making out with you... I want to do it again, plus without the others it would be more intament." Alison thought for a moment and smiled once more "You're right! Let's do it!" she replied.

Julia ran over to Alison and gently pushed her to the ground and layed down on top of her. They wrapped their wings around each other and started hugging and kissing. Julia stopped kissing for a moment and got a smile followed shortly by a hissing noise that lasted about half a minute before she went back to making out with Alison. Julia stopped again "I can't even begin to describe how awesome that felt!" Julia said in an extremely excited tone. Alison smiled and said nothing and just pulled Julia back and continued kissing her. Alison proceeded to wet her diaper as she kissed Julia without even stopping. Several minuted had passed and the two had calmed down a bit and opened their wings and sat up. Julia pulled back her robe and poked her soaked diaper "That was amazing!" she said. Alison couldn't poke her soaked diaper as Julia could, though she was still quite excited "It really was!" she replied. Just then both women heard Fiora "Found one!" she said.

Julia and Alison, who encountered Laura and Sera on the way, ran towards the direction Fiora had yelled. Fiora who had been looking at the spring turned around "Here it is!" she said. The group all quite excited, save Fiora due to her attachment to her armor, undressed and entered the hot spring. "Soooo nice!" Alison said happily. "It will be nice to wash up to." Julia replied in a cheerful voice. Sera and Laura had been using their wings to splash each other with water.

Fiora who had been watching everyone smiled "Ahhhh... I thought not having my armor would cause me to dwell to much and ruin my enjoyment of this... but it hasn't, I haven't relaxed for quite some time" she said. Laura cupped her hand and picked up some water "This water feels nice, but it looks quite hot, what would normally burn someone." she said. Fiora who had her eyes closed relaxing opened them "Likely our demonic skin is quite resistent to the heat, demons are often around fire and such, makes sense that their skin would resist extreme heat." she replied. Sera frowned "Then how come Tanaris was so damn hot!?" she asked. "I'm not sure, maybe because it was the sun? I don't really know." Fiora said in response.

"We should probably wash now." Sera said excitedly. The rest of the group agreed and began washing themselves. "Done save my wings, they are tough to get... you mind Sera?" Laura said happily. Sera smiled "I have been waiting for you to ask! Of course!" she replied. Sera began washing Laura's wings to which Laura did the same after. Alison looked at Julia "Want to do the same?" she asked. Julia noded and fanned her wings allowing Alison to clean them up who did the same after that. The four women now washed up looked at Fiora who was still relaxing with her eyes closed against a rock in the pool.

"Want us to wash you Fiora?" Laura asked. Fiora noded and got on the rock and layed down facign her back up. The group went up to her and began washing her. Sera and Laura each washed one of her wings while Julia washed her back. Alison washed her tail and tugged it a bit out of fun. Surprisingly Fiora was fine with it and began playing with Alison with her tail. "All done!" Sera said. Fiora flipped over and said "You guys mind?" Sera giggled and replied "Of course not!" The rest of the women began washing Fiora's front. Alison washed Fiora's face, horns, and hair, while Julia washed her breasts, belly, and nether region. Sera and Laura washed her arms and legs. "All done!" Sera said cheerfully. Fiora who was still relaxed with her eyes closed responded "Thanks guys!"

A few hours had passed and the group finally decided to call it good and left the spring. The group changed each other in to fresh diapers in the typical fashion before putting their clothing and gear back on. Fiora put her armor back on and sighed in relief as if she got a fix. "Fiora, are you sure you are alright, you seem a little attached to that armor." Alison asked in a worried tone.

Fiora smiled "I am, I won't deny it... my people have addiction problems, and I am just glad the power of my armor and my fel energy sates me, I would rather not return to what my people were years back." she said in a surprisingly cheerful voice. "Well alright, but please be careful." A worried Alison said. "We should set up camp... it's close to night now." Julia said while looking up at the stars starting to appear in the darker sky. "We don't need to sleep yet." Fiora said in a slightly annoyed tone. "Yeah, but for some reason I like laying down at the very least at night." Julia replied. The rest of the women agreed "Very well, if you all like that, we can." Fiora who seemed down, something very rare for her, said to the others.

Fiora made a ball of fel fire to be used as a camp fire, causing her to het herself a little, though it didn't make her any happier. "Fiora, you seem quite down, what is it?" Laura asked. Fiora sighed "I'll be honest, the reason I was reluctant to camp for the night, was because you guys always have such a nice time with each other at night. You and Sera, Alison and Julia... I don't have a partner." she said in a depressed voice. Julia who had been overhearing the topic chimed in "You didn't seem interested in that sort of thing though." she said. Fiora sighed again "I wasn't, but seeing you all together changed my mind." she replied. Sera with a sorry look on her face replied "You are welcome to come with us, we don't mind." Fiora shook her head "No, you guys are nice together and while we would probably have a good time, it wouldn't be the same for any of us." she replied. "We might find someone for you yet Fiora." Alison said in a more optomistic voice.

Fiora smiled for a moment before frowning "I seriously doubt anyone would stay me in my... current state." she said. "Well we are fine with it!" Sera said to Fiora. Fiora shook her head once more "You're bodies are also corrupted, I doubt anyone uncorrupted would ever want to stay with us." she said still in a disappointed tone. Julia thought for a moment "We have a lot of fel power within us... we could I guess you could say donate a little to make another vial of that stuff." she said in a happier tone. Fiora smiled "That's true, but I would need to gather energy, using straight up blood would not work, I wouldn't want them... her... to become a slave to us." she replied in a much nicer tone. "Let's do it now and get it out of the way!" Sera said to Fiora. Fiora noded "Very well." she said.

Fiora stood up and took a left over empty vial from one of the earlier transformations and walked to the spring. She dipped it in and filled it with water and began casting an enchant on it. Shortly after that she took out another vial and passed it to Sera "I need one drop of blood from each of you." she said. Sera took out one of her daggers and cleaned it off very carefully before making an extremely tiny cut on her finger. A drop of neon green blood dripped out in to the empty vial and she passed it to Laura who did the same and passed it on. After all four gave their drop of blood, Fiora took the dagger and vial and also gave her blood. After that she took both vials and put them on the ground in a way they would not tip over. She began casting a spell and a strange mist emerged from the vial of blood.

The mist traveled to the other vial and disappeared in to the clear water. After a few minutes all of the blood was drained and had traveled to the water, which remained at the same level. "I extracted the fel powers from your blood and bound them to the enchanted water... this mixture appears to be identicle to what we ourselves drank." Fiora said with a smile. "Maybe you should make some... diapers?" Laura said.

Fiora laughed "Well we don't even know if she is willing to wear them... but it would save time if she decided to. I will make a few while you guys lay down." she said in response to Laura's question. "I hate to sound negative but, you might not even find anyone." Alison said to Fiora. Fiora noded "I know, but I want to be ready if someone actually does decide to join us." she replied. "Very optimistic for you Fiora." Julia said. "I know it's not like me but, I needed to do this to make me feel better." Fiora replied. "Well I wish for the best" Sera said with a smile. After that the group settled down and proceeded to do what they were going to, Fiora started making diapers with her last bits of cloth, while the others slept with their partners.

*069*2015-04-13 17:10

Will be working every day this week, so might be slow.

*071*2015-04-26 21:49

Rejoice! I have time to start writing again.

I got a question, what is more interesting for Fiora's partner do you think?

1: A Draenei that she surprisingly starts liking forming an interracial relationship. She would start as a shaman.

2: Another Blood Elf like she foresaw forming a relationship based on understanding each other. She would start as a warlock or shadow priest.

I am leaning to the Draenei, however I don't mind either way, so I was curious what people would be interested in.

*072*2015-04-30 23:33

I'm just going with the Draenei, hope anyone is still interested >.<

*074*2015-05-01 02:34

Elaborate? Or in a PM if you prefer.

