A Desperate Ordeal (Futanari)

Author: Pain

*000*2015-10-03 05:47

Officer Jenny shared a quick smile with Sergeant Brad as she walked into the Police Station. She signed her sheet and engaged herself in a small chit- chat with another of her co-workers before making her way to the toilet.

Brad, who needed to relieve himself as well, thought it would be good idea to take a long due break from work and make a trip to the loos.

He entered the men’s toilet to find Jenny at the urinals. Her hand holding the wall in front of her and her body slightly bent forward, she didn’t even notice that she had company.

Brad joined his colleague at the adjacent urinal, without making much noise.

Jenny sighed, looking down at the river of clear urine flowing out of her penis as it splattered loudly on the porcelain.

Brad could see her body shuddering as she gently threw her face up, with her eyes closed in relief.

“Long day, huh…?” he asked.

“Yeah…” Jenny breathed.

Brad smiled vaguely and finished his job. He washed his hands at the washbasin before walking out, leaving Jenny alone.

He sat down on his desk and resumed his work. Moments later, Jenny walked out of the toilets, “I’m going home..” she waved goodbye to Brad.

“Good Night..”, he waved back.

###

At some other corner of the city, Jasmine sped her bike along the road to reach her favorite bar. She hurriedly parked her Harley Davidson chopper at the parking lot and squeezed her dick through her denim shorts as she climbed off.

A few steps towards the bar and Jasmine abruptly stopped, “Ahhh! Fuck!” she cried out as a spurt of urine escaped into her panties.

She gripped her crotch tighter and walked as fast as she could. She pushed open the bar door and rushed towards the loos, ignoring everything and everyone. She went straight inside the ladies’ toilet but unfortunately for her, all the stalls were occupied. She would have to wait. No, she couldn’t wait. She hurried back towards the washbasin, unzipped her shorts, adjusted her panties, held her dick towards the drain and started peeing in it, in the clear view of everyone who happened to be nearby!

“Fuck!? What are you doing?!” her friend Christine laughed.

“Sorry, I couldn’t hold it any longer,” Jasmine sighed, her shoulders sagging in relief as a thick torrent of urine continued to rush out of her.

She borrowed Christine’s cigarette and took a few puffs as she stood there, peeing and peeing and peeing..

When she was done, Jasmine went to the bar and ordered herself a beer. It wasn’t like this was her first for the night. She was already quite heavily drunk, which was obvious by the length of her pee at the washbasin, but the night was young and she didn’t want anything to come in her way.

###

The Next Day : 7:00 PM

Jenny sat in her cop car, looking out of the window and eating a donut. She rubbed her swollen bladder lightly as she thought of finding a place to relive herself. It had been a long day and she had quite a bit to drink.

She rubbed her thighs together as she looked around to see if there was somewhere she could go, maybe a restaurant or any other establishment with a loo. When she couldn’t find anything, she decided to drive around to see if there was a public loo nearby.

She gave up after searching for a while and parked her car near a tree, in front of a line of houses. Jenny was getting quite desperate now and almost wanted to go back to the Police Station to use the facilities but her shift wasn’t over yet.

All she could do right now, was press her shapely thighs together and hope the pressure in her bladder remained manageable until she got back to the station.

Half an hour passed, leaving Jenny’s bladder bursting at the seams. There was still an hour left for her shift to end and she didn’t know what to do. She was regretting throwing out the coffee cups she drank from, she could have relieved herself in them. The idea would have sounded gross to her on any other day but right now, with a pressure to pee so high, anything was fine.

Her bladder throbbed and heart pounded as she turned her car towards Clifton Hill, the last area she had to patrol for the day.

###

Jasmine accelerated her bike through the residential area and turned towards Clifton Hill. She grabbed her crotch with one hand as she rode. She couldn’t believe how badly she had to go. Hopefully, she would get to McLaren’s, a popular bar a mile away from here, before wetting herself like a little girl.

A few seconds later, it was clear that in fact, she wasn’t going to make it. Anxiously, she stopped her bike at the roadside as soon as she entered the woods.

“Fuck…!” she jumped off her motorcycle and quickly walked a few feet in, towards a cluster of trees as she unzipped her jeans and undid the button. In a swift motion, she pulled her penis out, releasing a thick gush of urine.

“Oh...” she sighed in relief but barely five seconds into her pee, Jasmine heard the siren of a police car. Startled by the sudden sound, her entire body shook in fear. She tried to stop peeing, but failed.

"Oh shit! No-no-no!", Jasmine cried out as she saw the red and blue lights of the cop car drawing quickly towards her. The vehicle stopped right behind her bike and a lady officer climbed out.

Officer Jenny quickly walked towards Jasmine, “Mam, please stop urinating in public,” she stated in a firm voice. She was initially surprised to know that this woman was a futanari just like her, but didn’t let her emotions overcome her sense of duty. In fact, watching her pee so openly only intensified her own need to go.

“Y-Yes,” Jasmine said in panic as she somehow managed to stop the flow before she slid her penis back inside her panties and zipped up her jeans, “I am really sorry! I really had to go! I couldn’t hold it any longer!” she cried out before Officer Jenny could even say anything.

“I am sorry mam, but I can’t help you. Public urination is a punishable offense, you’ll have to come with me to the police station,” Jenny said as she crossed her legs a bit. She too was dying to pee but there was nowhere she could go.

“Oh no, please don’t! I really have to pee! I was just getting started when you came here,” Jasmine wailed, holding her crotch and bending on her knees as she stood there, helpless.

Ignoring her pleas, Jenny quickly snapped the bracelets of a pair of handcuffs around Jasmine’s wrists.

"What the hell are you doing?" Jasmine demanded indignantly, momentarily ignoring the frantic pleas for her bladder to allow it relief. "I'm not a criminal."

“Please get inside the car…”. Jenny stated firmly as she pointed towards the vehicle.

“Oh, please no…,” Jasmine pleaded. She groaned aloud as a bladder spasm made her inner sphincters relax in an effort to release her pee, leaving only the outer sphincter to staunch the flow.

“Mam please, you are wasting my time!”, Jenny said sternly, crossing her legs together as pulled the waistband of her pants slightly away from her swollen bladder.

Seeing no way out, Jasmine walked towards the Police car and stood there for a second before Jenny opened the door for her.

"Please," Jasmine whined again. "I'm about to pee in my pants."

"Get inside the car!," the cop repeated.

Jasmine couldn't believe what was happening to her. She was standing on the side of the road, her arms locked in handcuffs, being forced to get inside a police car when was about to uncontrollably wet herself. Why couldn't this policewoman understand that she was absolutely bursting to go to the bathroom? How could she do this to her knowing how desperate she was to pee? It was inhumane!

Somehow, Jasmine willed herself to get inside the car. She crossed her legs as soon as she was seated and closed her eyes tight. She had to pee so badly that she almost wanted to tell Officer Jenny to take her to the Police Station without further delay, so she could use the toilets there. But she kept quiet.

She knew there was no way she was going to make it. So Jasmine just squeezed her cock between her thighs in a last ditch effort to keep her pee in and waited for the Officer to get inside the car and start driving.

Jenny closed the door to the back seat of her Police car. She crossed her legs tightly as she stood there for moment, squirming. She had to pee so bad that it felt like she would lose control and wet herself if she tried to walk. But she couldn’t let that happen. She had to hold it, no matter what.

Mustering the entire reservoir of strength left inside her, Jenny somehow walked around the car and opened the door to the driver’s seat. She gave her crotch a quick squeeze before she sat in. But as she turned the key towards ignition, a quick spurt of pee ran out of her penis and dampened her panties.

“Oh, no!” Jenny moaned as she jammed a hand into her crotch in a desperate attempt to hold on.

She turned to see Jasmine on the back seat, who was withering in agony and desperately trying to save herself from having an accident.

At that point, Jenny knew that she had to hurry or both of them were going to wet themselves inside her car.

She turned her car back around and floored the gas pedal, pressing her cock between her thighs all the while.

“Please, I can’t hold it any longer…” Jasmine whined.

“Please remain silent, mam,” Jenny said. Jasmine’s continuous banter about how badly she needed to go was only making things worse for the Officer.

Jasmine snapped her mouth shut and stared at her lap, disparaged. A quick spurt of urine escaped, and her underwear felt uncomfortably damp.

Helpless, she started to cry.

As she drove, Jenny looked through her rear view mirror and saw Jasmine weeping with her head down. Her legs were crossed tightly together and she had a hand jammed deep inside her crotch.

“I am sorry for your inconvenience mam, even I have to go to the bathroom. Just try to hold it a little while longer, I’ll get you to the Police Station as soon as I can,” Jenny said, trying to give some glimmer of hope to her detainee.

Jasmine didn’t answer, but held herself as tightly as she could. She couldn’t even spare the energy to talk. She willed everything she had into clenching her muscles, but her entire body was now trembling with exhaustion. Then suddenly, a long, hot stream of urine started flowing out of her cock to make its way towards her lap, creating a wet patch on her jeans. Jasmine cried in agony, but she couldn't do anything; she was peeing in her pants.

The wet patch quickly grew to her knees as she tried with everything she had to stop the flow, but failed. There was no stopping it any longer.

“Just 10 more minutes mam,” Jenny said as she turned her head towards her passenger for a moment and then, she realized what was happening. “Aw, shit!” she exclaimed as her eyes registered the glistening wetness on Jasmine’s pants.

Hearing those words, Jasmine broke down in sorrowful breathless sobs and buried her face in her hands.

Jenny’s heart broke for the poor woman but there was nothing she could do to help her now. She kept driving straight, holding herself between the legs with her free hand.

“Mam please, it’s alright, it’s just an accident,” Jenny begged from the front seat, desperate to calm her down. Jasmine didn’t respond. She just kept crying, paying no attention to the policewoman’s words. She could barely feel her legs now, just a stream of pee rushing out of her. Urine was beginning to pool on the seat beneath her and she could feel the ever-growing wetness down her jeans.

“I’m so sorry, mam,” Jenny pleaded, “This was my fault, I shouldn’t have been so dismissive. We’ll just get you cleaned up at the Police Station, don’t worry…”

Jasmine didn’t care about what the Officer was telling her. She just sat there, wetting herself in the back seat of a Police car, like a small child. After going on for another minute, her torrent of pee finally slowed, before it ceased entirely. She continued to sob in fear and humiliation as the car sped along the road.

Jenny could hear the cries coming form the back seat. She couldn’t believe that Jasmine had wet herself in her patrol car but more than that, she was worried about her own need to pee.

Holding herself wasn’t helping any more. A few more drops of urine escaped and dampened her panties even further. Her head was filled with images of Jasmine wetting herself on the back seat of the car and it was only intensifying her need to go. She knew by then that she wasn’t going to make it back to the Police Station without having an accident. They were still in the woods and there was still a little distance to cover.

Bravely, she drove on for a few more minutes. Her pee was right on the edge of shooting out any moment now but she forced herself to focus on the road. Then suddenly, a thick jet of piss escaped her, compelling to her the grab her crotch tighter as she immediately braked the vehicle on the roadside and jumped out.

Grabbing her cock in a final attempt to contain herself, she undid her belt, opened the button of her pants, pulled her zip down, slid her panties aside and pulled out her aching cock before pee exploded out of her.

Jenny held the car’s hood with one hand for support, as her body finally eased out after holding it for so long.

Urine literally poured out of her in a torrent. The sound of piss colliding with the blanket of dead leaves on the ground was loud enough to stir anyone awake from a deep slumber.

Her moans of relief were so loud that they could have been heard from two blocks away. Jenny felt her knees about to give out to the surges of relief that were flowing through her shivering body, as she just stood there, peeing endlessly.

She looked down and saw the river of clear urine gushing out of her cock. She couldn’t believe just how much was coming out of her. This was by far, the most she had ever peed.

The relief was absolutely amazing, unbelievable, mind-blowing.

When Jenny was finally done, she slid her cock back into her panties and closed the button of her pants before pulling up her zipper. She placed a hand on her now deflated bladder, oh it felt so good to have let all that out. She saw a wet spot on the crotch of her pants, which she knew, was made by her small involuntary release in the car.

She looked around to see if someone had noticed her but luckily, there was no sign of a living soul anywhere in the area.

She walked around her car and opened the driver’s door. She peeped in to find tears rolling down Jasmine’s cheeks as she sat on the back seat, flaring with anger.

“You arrested me for peeing in public, you made me wet myself on the back seat of your stupid car and then you get out here and pee like there’s nothing wrong with it? Do you think I will let you get away with this?” Jasmine barked in fury, “I’ll report you and I will sue your entire fucking Police Department for everything you have.”

Jenny opened the back door and leaned in. It was for the first time that she was getting a full view of the damage done by Jasmine’s accident. Although she didn’t say anything, she was shocked at the amount of wetness on the back seat and on Jasmine’s clothes too. She wondered how long Jasmine might have been holding it to have an accident that size.

“I am sorry, I really couldn’t hold it any longer and I am really really sorry for what happened to you…” Jenny said apologetically.

“Do you think a stupid ‘sorry’ can fix this?” Jasmine said, trying to suppress her sobs.

Jenny didn’t reply. She just got back behind the wheel and turned her car back around, before driving back to the spot from where she had arrested Jasmine. She stopped her car near Jasmine’s stranded bike and told her to step out.

When she climbed out, Jenny undid the handcuffs on Jasmine’s wrists, “You are free to go, I know it was my mistake. I should have listened to you when you told me you had to pee. I am sorry. But please don’t report me to the authorities! I really had to go the bathroom, I hadn’t been all day, I am really really sorry for whatever happened! Please just don’t tell anybody about this,” she pleaded.

Jasmine didn’t reply. She just stood there, massaging her wrists and looking at Jenny in anger and annoyance.

“Here, keep it,” Jenny said as she shoved several dollar bills in Jasmine’s hand, “I guess that will be enough for a new dress.”

Jasmine counted the money, it was quite a bit of cash, enough for her to last out a week.

She wiped her tears and looked at the Officer who stood before her, clearly vulnerable and helpless. Although she felt like hurling profanities at Jenny, she decided that she could do the other way.

“Fine, I won’t report you,” Jasmine said as she turned around and started towards her bike.

At last, they both made a brief eye contact before driving off in opposite directions.

When Jasmine reached home, her boyfriend asked her about her wet clothes and she told him the entire story. Although they both took it lightly, Jasmine just hoped something like this would never happen to her again.

*001*2015-10-04 17:00

I don’t know if anybody would be interested in it but I am still putting out the idea. I have been thinking of writing another futanari story but I haven’t decided on a plot yet. There are two possible premises that I have narrowed down on, votes will decide which story I will be writing, so here it goes-

1. A futanari business woman finds herself occupied in an important business meeting while she is super desperate to pee. Her desperation will end with either a free pee or a wetting. I’ll go with the one which gets more votes.

2. A futanari school girl finds herself desperate to pee during the class but her teacher won’t let her go use the restrooms. So she is forced to hold it but she highly doubts if she’ll make it to the loos in time. Again her desperation will end with either a free pee or a wetting, the votes will decide for the story.

If anyone wants me to add anything more to the story they are voting for, feel free to say it in the comments.

*003*2015-10-04 17:17

{{: 

Or, if you really enjoy both ideas and can't pick, you could create a scenario where the girl and woman are mother and daughter. The stories are being written simultaneously, and add a part where they discuss and compare their settings at home...

}}

That would have been an excellent premise my friend but unfortunately, futanari women can't get pregnant which means they can't have kids.

I know there are the ones with vaginas but that type isn't much of an interest to me. Let's see, if any more people vouch for this idea, I'll be happy to go ahead with it.

*006*2015-10-05 11:50

{{: 

Also, did anyone else slot Officier Jenny and Gym Leader Jasmine from Pokemon into this fic? I'm assuming the name matches are coincidental, but I couldn't help drifting to Pokemon with the first of the introduced focus characters being a police officier named Jenny.

}}

Lol! I didn't even realize that till you pointed it out! I know Officer Jenny from Pokemon but I don't know who Gym Leader Jasmine is. Sorry if it hampered your reading experience, it was purely unintentional.

*008*2015-10-05 15:07

{{: 

That was one of the first things that had popped into my head. When I saw Jenny's name reminded me of pokemon found that to be a tad funny.

}}

I guess a little humor never hurt anyone! :)

