Peggy's humiliation revenge

Author: lonerwolf

*000*2023-03-17 19:14

Note: This story is heavily based on Lauren's Game by @Tinkletown and the images are taken from the game as well.

Hope you all enjoy it.

Prologue:

Peggy was an 18 year old high school girl. She had a very simple lifestyle and her only focus was on her studies. She was an excellent student and was always the topper of the class. Because of her simplicity and nerdiness nobody wanted to be friends with her and would only talk to her for favors of completing their assignments. She only had one friend, Amanda. They both knew each others since 3rd grade.

It was a normal day apart from the fact that the temperature was almost 38 degree Celsius. It was absolutely boiling out there. Everything was normal until 4th period. The 4th period was games period. As soon as the bell rang all of the students left their seats and started moving towards the gymnasium. The girls and boys went to their respective locker rooms for changing their clothes. After they had changed, they did a little warm-up and then started playing basketball. This continued for the next 45 minutes. Everybody was exhausted from the intense workout. Peggy was only able to score 4 points and her team lost by a margin of 14 points. She was very thirsty. Her thirst had risen from a quiet background song to dance-rave loud.

After changing she immediately went towards the water dispenser and drank a huge amount of liquid to quench her thirst. The bell had rung and the recess had started. She took her lunch box and went to the cafeteria along with Amanda. The duo sat at their favorite spot and started chatting. They both opened their lunch boxes. Peggy had brought her usual peanut-butter sandwich and Amanda had brought tacos. They started eating the food. Amanda offered Peggy a taco. Peggy took a bite of the taco. It was too hot for Peggy's liking. She somehow swallowed the bolus of the taco. Her mouth turned into a tomato. She started coughing badly. Amanda quickly gave her water bottle. She chugged a few sips but it was not working. After drinking almost half of the bottle she calmed down.

The recess was finally over. Peggy and Amanda went back to their class. The class went on for like 20 minutes and Peggy was feeling a bit uncomfortable. She felt a tingle in her bladder. All that liquid that she drank earlier was starting to show its effect.

The Story (narrated from the perspective of Peggy)

It was becoming difficult for me to concentrate on the lecture and every passing second on the clock seemed like an hour. I should have went to the toilet before the class, I thought to myself. I was in a terrible situation. I cannot use my hand to hold my crotch without getting the attention from the teacher miss Patrick.

A little longer into the class it became almost impossible for me to hold my urges. I rose my hand and asked miss Patrick "Miss may I please use the restroom?"

To which she responded "Peggy you know the rules, I am afraid that I cannot allow you the leave the class." I gave a whimper after hearing her statement. The pressure inside my bladder was becoming unbearable. I started squirming in my seat which was noticed by all of the students sitting near me. Soon the entire class started whispering about my situation. I was clenching as hard as I could just to avoid making a mess. The arms of the clock were moving like a snail.

Eventually it became almost impossible to hold it in and I leaked a bit. I somehow with all my might was able to cut off the flow. Luckily the damage was not visible. I again raised my hand and asked with my cracking voice "Miss Patrick I really need to use the restroom, It is an emer......." Before I was able to complete my sentence another wave of desperation hit me and a spurt of pee escaped. This time I was literally helpless to cut off the flow of pee. The flood gates opened. My bladder literally bursted. My worst nightmare was becoming a reality in front of my eyes. I was peeing myself at the age of 18 like a toddler while the whole class stared at me.

I peed for almost 20 seconds. A huge puddle was formed below my chair. I was brought to tears by my inability to hold my urine inside. I was weeping with my head down on the bench while my classmates watched my embarrassment. Some were in complete shock, some were laughing and some were gossiping about me.

"This type of behavior is unacceptable in my class Peggy. Clean up your mess and go to the nurse's room immediately." Miss Patrick yelled at me. I somehow was able to clean up some amount of the puddle with my handkerchief. I was trembling badly. I was just not able to walk properly as I was in a state of shock. Amanda grabbed me and helped me clean up my puddle and she took me to the nurse's office. While walking through the corridor everyone was staring at my wet skirt and it was obvious that they knew that I had wet myself. Amanda still consoled in every way she could but I was not able to get myself together.

When we reached the nurse's office, I was not able to speak for myself and explain my situation. Amanda explained the nurse about my accident. She was very sympathetic towards me and helped me take off my wet clothes and get changed into new ones. It was unfortunate that she didn't had a pair of underwear and the skirt which she gave me was a bit short. I felt almost exposed wearing that skirt but that was the best alternative.

I returned back to the class with Amanda. My head was down in shame and I was not able to make eye contact with anyone. When I sat down, I was sure that people who were sitting behind me had a clear view of my bare bottom. I sat down on the chair which was still a little bit wet but I had no choice. It was uncomfortable to sit on that cold and wet chair. When the class was nearing its end I felt the same tingling sensation in my bladder. It looked like I had not completely urinated out the content. There was still some pee left within my bladder. I wanted to ask to use the toilet but I was not able to gather the courage to even raise my hand. It was inevitable that I would leak again. My only savior was the period bell.

I began squirming in my chair again. I was only praying that somehow this nightmare would end and I could use the toilet. I guess that today was not my day. Everything that could go wrong was happening with me. I leaked again. I was able to cut off the flow again. Luckily my skirt was saved from the damage and the pee didn't hit the floor. The bell rang. I eagerly waited for the teacher to leave the class. As soon as she left, I quickly got up and made a wild dash towards the restroom. I leaked again in the classroom and with no panties to protect me this time, the pee directly fell on the floor.

My classmates were able to make out that I was having an accident again. I didn't care to listen to any comments. My only priority was to reach the toilet without leaking any further. I was running in the corridor holding my crotch like a wild horse. I managed to enter the restroom without any further damage. I used the toilet and made sure that I released everything this time. I returned back to the class. Everyone was still gossiping about my accident and passing comments. In a single day I became the talk of the entire school. The entire day I didn't talked to anybody.

When the final bell rang, I was not in the condition make eye contact with anybody, even with Amanda. When I got back home, I hugged my mom and again bursted into tears. She was shocked and confused about my sudden outburst. I explained her the whole scenario while weeping and sobbing. She consoled and made me calm down. For the next few days I didn't went to school and my mom also understood that I needed time to recover from this tragic accident. Amanda came home frequently to give me the notes and cheer me up. Finally I made up my mind to go to school.

I was a bit scared to face my classmates. I was fearing that they would definitely pass mean comments about me. I went to the nurse's office to return the skirt which she gave to me. Then I slowly moved towards my classroom. Opposite to my expectations, everyone behaved as if nothing had happened. Everything was going well until recess. I went outside with miss Jefferson to ask some doubts about the lectures that I had missed. When I returned to my seat I saw an adult diaper there.

'The Squad' was there laughing out loud. Their laugh almost felt satanic to me.

'The Squad' I think every school has a group of girls/bitches who think they own the place. My situation was hardly any different. 'The Squad' had 4 members

1. Emily: The richest girl in class

2. Charlotte: The hottest girl in class

3. Ava: School basketball team captain

4. Sophia: The Head cheerleader

These bitches can make anyone's life a living hell.

Seeing the diaper on my seat, tears were brought to my eyes. I literally felt disgusted for existing. I ran away from the class with my watery eyes choking on my sobs. "Peggy! wait" Amanda tried to stop me but I was too carried away by my emotions. I ignored her call and ran away into the parking lobby where nobody was there at that point of time. I sat on a bench nearby and started crying out loud.

TO BE CONTINUED

So that wraps up Part 1 of the story. Hope you all enjoy it. Feel free to share your views about the story and suggestions to help me improve. I am open to constructive criticism. Thank you

*002*2023-03-18 10:24

@huberp76

Thank you for your comment

I have not created the models. These were created by @Tinkletown

So all credit goes to him. I am just using the images screenshots from his visual novel Lauren's game. You should definitely check it out.

$iframe allowfullscreen="" data-embedauthorid="193066" data-embedcontent="" data-embedid="embed8713637600" style="height:502px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/files/file/11914-laurens-game/?do=embed"

$

*005*2023-03-20 04:34

@WiiGuy86

Thank you for appreciation. Yes will upload the final part soon probably today late night or tomorrow according to my time zone

*006*2023-03-21 21:55

Part-02

I was feeling very helpless at that time. "Why did it happened to me?" I thought to myself. "Peggy!" It was Amanda. She came and sat beside me. She tried everything she could to console me. "just ignore them. These are a bunch of jerk bitches. Don't let them bother you." She said. "No Amanda, you cannot sniff.... understand what I sniff... am going through and they can't understand sniff... it either. Only someone sniff... who has gone through sniff... this humiliation can understand my feelings." I replied with a cracking voice.

"Believe in karma, what they have done will come back to them and then they will realize their mistake." Amanda said.

"You think so."

"Yes, they will surely suffer a public humiliation. Mark my words."

I hugged her tightly and let out all my emotions out and went back to the class. The squad didn't stop the mockery and I was too helpless to do anything about it. Amanda tried to stop them but it only made things worse. Somehow the day was over. I went back home. I went straight inside my room and wept for quite a long time. I was scared to go to school the next day as I knew that it was just the beginning.

I went inside the class and approached my seat. A note was lying on the desk with a drawing of mine wetting myself. 'Miss pissy pants, urgent potty training required' was written on its backside. It carried on like that for a few days. Taunting, mean comments and nasty jokes had become part of my daily routine. I had learned to cope up with the stress they gave me. But one day, when the squad was mocking me, Emily refrained from saying anything mean and tried to walk out from the conversation. It was odd. Since then she never made fun of me. The same thing happened with Charlotte and Ava after a few days time gap. It was slightly confusing for me. Maybe they were too bored of the joke. Maybe they realized their mistake or maybe a guardian angel was protecting me. Only Sophia was left that didn't gave up teasing me. I was still happy that I had now lesser problems to deal with.

Our English test was approaching and I couldn't let anything distract me. I studied very hard and prepared well enough to score good marks. Finally the day had come. I was ready to ace the exam. Miss Patrick distributed the question paper and answer sheet. The multiple choice questions and short answer questions were fairly easy but the unseen passage and long answer questions were a bit tricky. Overall it was a decent paper. I completed my exam pretty early than the time. I revised the answers and submitted the answer sheet.

I was free to watch other students. Suddenly I noticed Amanda. She had given up on the test and was moving back and forth continuously. At first I thought that she was trying to memorize the answers but the movement became more aggressive as minute passed. I recognized this behavior. She had to pee. She was squirming on her seat very badly. After nearly 5-7 minutes she raised her hand and said, "Miss Patrick, May I please go to the toilet, it is very urgent."

"Well you should have gone before the class started. I cannot allow you to leave the class especially in the middle of a test." She begged her to let her use the restroom but Miss Patrick couldn't care any less about Amanda's needs. I really hoped that she would be able to hold her urges.

With nearly 20 minutes remaining for the class to end, almost everybody had completed the test while the remaining few were busy writing the answers. My focus was only on Amanda. She was fidgeting on her seat. I wanted to help her but was bounded by Miss Patrick. I could understand how she must have been feeling. I could just hope that she makes it out the class with dry clothes. At that point she was absolutely bursting and she had maybe already surpassed her limit. "Come on Amanda, few more minutes to go and you can relieve yourself. You can do it." I wanted to cheer for her. Her legs started shaking like a collapsing building. Eventually the pressure for her unbearable and her bladder muscles relaxed involuntarily. She was peeing herself.

&&

Everyone stopped writing and started staring at her as she was being humiliated. She started crying as her face turned fuming red "Not again. First Peggy and now you Amanda. What the hell is wrong with you girls, don't you have any control over your bodies?" Miss Patrick yelled. "You know what all of you need a serious reminder that you are in high school and not in kindergarten."

"Amanda clean up your mess, remove your skirt and underwear and stand in the corner in front." Amanda was no position to deny her orders. She did as she was told. She started mopping the floor with her handkerchief.

&&

Then she came in front of the class and hesitantly dropped down her skirt.

&&

She didn't wanted to remove her panties. Miss Patrick came and stripped off her wet panties. She was standing butt naked in front of the entire class. Everybody was in a state of disbelief She was made to stand like that for the remaining period.

As soon as the period got over, Amanda started wearing her clothes back. While she was trying to wear her panties, Sophia grabbed her hand and said "These won't be necessary. Just wear your skirt and come with me. Let's seal the deal." Sophia grabbed her by the arm and started taking her outside of the class.

&&

Amanda started following with her trembling legs. I was still in shock and was also confused about the 'deal'. After a while they both came back. Amanda was wearing the same short skirt which I was given by the nurse after my accident. "Listen everybody." Sophia said to get the attention of the entire class. "See what do we have here. Another pissy baby who isn't even potty trained." What she did next was beyond insanity. She uplifted Amanda's skirt. Amanda didn't resisted her. All she did was cover her face while weeping. She was wearing a pink color adult diaper. Everyone started laughing after seeing Amanda in a diaper.

"This is what you get when you challenge me." Sophia said with a evil grin. Amanda sat on the ground and started crying out loud. I quickly went there to lift her up from the ground and made her sit on her seat. She was trembling as if she had a high fever. She couldn't stop. I gave her water and tried to calm her down. Eventually she calmed down.

When the final bell rang, Amanda started leaving the class. She was tripped over by Sophia. "You really thought your foolish plan will work on me." She said.

"What are you talking about?" I asked her angrily.

"Ask your diaper duo counterpart." She responded.

"What is she saying Amanda? tell me?" I asked Amanda

Amanda started explaining with a burning red face and watery eyes "Ever since your accident I have been planning to somehow make the squad realize their mistake so that they may stop bullying you."

She then explained how she became friends with the squad and made them have accidents in public places.

1. Emily at a theatre

&&

&&

&&

2. Charlotte at the basketball court

&&

&&

&&

3. Ava at the public library

&&

&&

&&

"I had planned for Sophia to have an accident in the classroom so I confronted her and challenged for a holding match.

&&

&&

I put a condition that if someone ends up peeing herself in class then the loser will have to wear a diaper and show it to everyone. I wanted her to give the water spiked with diuretic but I accidentally drank it myself.

"Not accidentally dumbass. When other girls started avoiding teasing her highness pissy pants, I knew that something was not right. So I asked the girls and got to know of your plan. I knew that you would definitely make a move. When you were mixing the diuretic in the bottle I saw you and exchanged the bottles when I had the opportunity."

Amanda was shocked to hear that she was outsmarted by Sophia. It was beyond her expectations. I was very sorry for Amanda. Poor girl had to go through all of this because of me. I felt very bad as a friend. This really enraged me. Now all I wanted was revenge. I wanted Sophia to suffer the exact humiliation that I and Amanda faced. But I had to make sure that she couldn't see it coming. I had to be patient and wait for the perfect opportunity. Sophia teasing me and Amanda made my conviction even more stronger.

Finally I got the opportunity to execute my plan. During the games period while Sophia was changing I was able to add some diuretic into her water bottle. After the period was over she was very thirsty and drank more than half of the water in the bottle. The more she drank the better.

To be continued

Hope you all enjoy the story. Feel free to share your views and suggestions to help me improve. I wanted the 2nd part to be the last part but I was stuck in the middle of something due to which I had to leave it here but the final part will be uploaded today itself (it might be a little bit short hope you guys understand). Thank you

*007*2023-03-23 15:39

Sorry guys I know I am late but I had some work which had to be taken care of. So here is the final part.

Part-03

"Hey Sophia, pass me your bottle. I ran out of water." It was Charlotte. She took the bottle from Sophia and drank the remaining water. "Well this is going to be interesting." I thought to myself. The two girls that made my life miserable are going to feel the same humiliation and embarrassment that me and Amanda faced. As soon as the period bell rang all of the students went to the changing room and then rushed back to the class. Miss Patrick was waiting for the entire class to enter and settle down. This couldn't get any better.

The class settled down and Miss Patrick started delivering her lecture. "So class, today we are going to read The Macbeth by William Shakespeare." But all I could focus on were the two girls sitting in front that were going to face the effects of the diuretic that they had drank.

Nearly 15 minutes into the class, the diuretics had started working. I could tell that both of the girls were beginning to get desperate as the pressure was building up inside their bladder. Sophia was squirming on her seat and tried to move sideways in order to ease up her pressure but it did nothing. Charlotte on the other hand had her legs crossed and constantly tapping her one foot on the ground to distract herself from the urges.

After seeing the two girls struggling, I don't know why but I was feeling very excited and aroused. My pussy and panties had all of a sudden become wet. I just wanted to touch myself and masturbate very badly. I couldn't believe myself but I was feeling horny at mere thought of seeing them wet themselves. I wanted to rub my pussy but Miss Patrick had very sharp eyes so I controlled my emotions and tried to pay attention to the lecture.

This continued for another 10 minutes. Both of the girls had become really and started to fidget vey aggressively. I couldn't see from behind but Sophia was holding her crotch when Miss Patrick tapped on her hand and said "stop touching yourself like that Sophia." and it drew everybody's attention to Sophia. Everybody knew that something was going on. They started chatting about it. Some of the comments were overheard by Sophia. She turned around. Her face was red like a plum either of anger or shame I can't tell. Everyone became quiet. I was surprised that any of them haven't asked Miss Patrick to go to the toilet but maybe they knew the answer that's why they didn't bothered to ask or maybe they were too shy to admit that they were desperate.

After a while, I heard Sophia gave a little squeal which was heard by everybody. I was sure that she leaked. She clenched as hard as she could to stop the flow but to my surprise her bladder had given up and the urine was gushing out of her vagina with full flow with a very loud hissing noise. "Yes! That's how it feels bitch." I thought to myself.

Seeing Sophia having an accident, Charlotte was scared that if she didn't do anything she would end up like Sophia. She quickly got up and tried to escape. She couldn't care any less about Miss Patrick and her classmates. She was holding her crotch and was barely about to stand let alone walk. All her efforts were futile. She only got up from her to give everybody a clear view of her pissing herself. Two gigantic puddles were formed in the class.

Both of the girls were shocked at their embarrassment. I had mixed feelings. Firstly I was happy that I had avenged myself and Amanda but it was also oddly very arousing that I made two grown up girls wet themselves. I had never felt like that before.

Miss Patrick was infuriated at the two girls. "Of course, another accident in my very own class. I think you guys do it on purpose to disturb my class. You two girls quickly clean up your puddle and undress yourself." She ordered. They had no choice but to imply. They tried cleaning up their mess. After they were done, Sophia went and stood beside Charlotte and hesitantly dropped down their skirts.

"What are you waiting for, do you want some sort of written orders to remove your panties?" Miss Patrick said. They did what they were told. They removed their soggy underwear in front of everybody. They were very embarrassed and were trying to cover their exposed pubes and bum with their hands. I was feeling very hot seeing the two butt naked and trying to cover them. I couldn't hold back my urges. I started rubbing my pussy without drawing much attention. I knew that I can't get carried away by my emotions.

Miss Patrick asked the girls around showing off the curves of their entire butt. She then started spanking them while yelling "this is what you get for disturbing my class and this is what you deserve for pissing yourselves like little girls." They were screaming in pain and agony.

She spanked them for quite a while. Their buttocks were as red as a monkey's tush. I was all happy and arouse until they had wet themselves but I was immediately turned off as soon as Miss Patrick started whooping their ass. I was now feeling sorry for them. I thought that things went too far. Miss Patrick is indeed a cruel bitch. In fact, now that I look at this, she is the one that is responsible for all this mess. Her over the top strict behavior is the cause of all this trouble.

The class was over. The two girls were taken to the nurse's room. I decided to confront her. I approached her and said "Miss Patrick we need to talk."

"What is it Peggy? I have a class shortly so speak fast."

"Miss I think you need to reconsider the rules for bathroom breaks. They are way too harsh."

"Look I was just following the protocol and will continue to follow them. Besides how is it my fault that you girls forget to go to the toilet before my class?"

"Sometimes we don't get the time to visit the loo."

"So are you all toddlers that can't even control their urges?"

"There are sometimes emergency situations."

"Come on Peggy stop ranting like a child. This won't change anything. All you could do is behave like a grown up and be more responsible."

She said that and walked away without even listening to my whole argument. Her reckless attitude really pissed me off. I thought that it was time to show her as well that what's it like to be desperate in the class. I arranged for some more diuretics the same day after returning from school. Now I could only wait for the right opportunity. It took a couple of days but finally I had the perfect opportunity.

I was called out by Miss Patrick before her period to help her collect and take the assignments as she was grabbing a cup of coffee in one hand and some textbooks in the other. I did as I was told to do. While she was distracted in arranging the assignments, I slipped the diuretic in her coffee and then went to my class.

I was very excited for the next period. She came into the class and started teaching as usual. Almost half way into the class, she didn't showed any signs of desperation. Everything seemed to be normal with her.

Either the diuretic didn't seem to be working just yet or she was very good at maintaining her composure. When the class was nearing to its end, a cabinet member came to our whispered something in Miss Patrick's ear and left. Miss Patrick made the announcement that Mr. Smith, our geography teacher had to go on a half day due to some emergency so she would be taking his class as well.

With nearly a few minutes she said "ok class since I got an extra period I will be taking a surprise test. Stay quiet while I will be back in a minute. I knew that she was going to use the toilet. I had to stop her somehow. I started to approach her and said "Miss Patrick I have a few doubts. Can you help me with these paragraphs. I am not able to understand them properly." Frustration could be seen on her face clearly but she knew she couldn't deny a child asking doubts.

While she was explaining the meaning to me, the period got over. She missed her only opportunity to visit the loo. Now she had to wait for 45 minutes to relieve herself. She wrote down the questions on the board and sat down on her chair. She got the cover of her table and I was hardly able to see her squirming but I knew that she was desperate to relieve herself.

I was busy writing my test but back in my mind I was also thinking about Miss Patrick struggling to avoid her needs and at the same time maintain her composure. Eventually 30 minutes passed away and I had completed and revised my test. Now I was free to watch Miss Patrick. I could tell that she had been really struggling to hold her pee. She was constantly crossing and un-crossing her legs. I was surprised that she had been holding her pee for more than an hour with the effects of diuretics and coffee which meant that her kidneys were pumping urine at a much faster rate into her bladder. I was again aroused at the thought of the amount of urine that she has been holding for now. If I were in her place then my bladder would have literally bursted.

PSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHH.....................

A loud hissing noise broke the silence of the class and a stream started to go beneath the benches of students originating from Miss Patrick's seat.

When she was done, everyone was staring at her. Some were laughing while some were in shock. The class had turned into a fish market. She tried to maintain the decorum of the class but it was hopeless. I went to her to submit my answer sheet and also to get a clear view.

I saw a gigantic pool of pee beneath her chair. "That is a lot of liquid." I thought to myself. I said to her, "wow! looks like you had an accident, at least you followed the protocol." She was totally embarrassed by my statement. Now she will be lenient with her students and let them use the washroom to relieve themselves.

She called the janitor and sat in her puddle until he came. She then tried to walk away from the class with her dripping clothes leaving a trail of piss. She walked away with the little dignity she had left without making eye contact with anybody. Both of her hands were behind in order to shield her wet ass but it was useless. Everybody could tell that she had wet herself.

The End

So this concludes the final part of Peggy's Humiliation Revenge. Hope you guys enjoyed it. Now I am planning to take requests. So if you have any requests or suggestions about any particular scenario let me know. Also feel free to share your opinion about this story. As I always mention I am open to feedbacks and constructive criticism.

*009*2023-03-24 04:46

{{5 hours ago, WiiGuy86 said:

This was great, is that last scene with the teacher actually in the game? If so totally missed that

}}

@WiiGuy86

Thank you for appreciation. Yes it is there in the updated version of the game.

*011*2023-03-25 04:44

@Hyde

I don't remember exactly but maybe it unlocks after defeating Megan and let her wear diaper in either challenge mode or free play mode (I really don't remember exactly you will have to find it out yourself or visit the creator's hints, discussion and feedback thread) without saving the game for once. After this some special scenarios are unlocked and this is one of them.

*014*2023-03-29 05:59

{{11 minutes ago, Tinkletown said:

That was a creative use of some of the visuals of my game. I like that you put your own twist on the story, too. I'm all for people finding a way to contribute to this site, so if something I did inspired you to make your own content, that's pretty cool.

}}

@Tinkletown

Yes it did inspired me to upload some content on the site. I wanted it to be a visual novel but I don't know why my pc was not able to run Daz studio so I thought to write it as a piece of fiction. I am glad that you enjoyed it.

*016*2023-03-29 08:39

{{2 minutes ago, huberp76 said:

The super slim girls and their outfit are breathtaking.

Their slim, shaped legs are sexy and gorgeous!

}}

All the credit belongs to this guy @Tinkletown

*018*2023-03-29 10:14

{{11 minutes ago, huberp76 said:

He did a good work! Thank you for sharing.

}}

Welcome

