Story writing competition - part II

Author: Flush

*000*2011-08-26 19:16

Hello my fellow omorashi writers!

I’m calling the competitive spirit in you! A lot of great stories are getting published on animepee, multiple roleplays are in action, but there’s on thing this writing community doesn’t have yet; a writing competition! Slater introduced the idea one year ago, and a lot of people were enthusiastic about it, but the competition never took off. I’m blowing the dust off the concept, adding my own personal adjustments - I hope that’s alright.

At first: this is a themed story writing competition. In each competition there will be a theme and a scenario, to make the stories comparable, and the judging easier. Following the scenario is much appreciated, but don’t let it limit your artistic freedom; altering the scenario to a little extent is allowed, but don’t deviate too far. For the first month the scenario is quite wide, so I don’t think that’s a problem this time.

Prize: the winner of the competition gets a prize. Off course, this competition is just for fun and you won’t be able to get rich by winning, but it’s just a small incentive to get as much writers aboard as possible. Only the winner gets a prize, so make sure you write story is as good as you can! Any story can enter, but be aware that a five-line story isn’t as appealing to read as a longer well written piece. 750-3000 words is probably a nice goal, but don’t pin yourself to those numbers. You can write from any point of view (first or third-person). The submitted stories should be all in English, however language isn't the main judging criteria. Anyone can enter, even new members!

About submitting: You may submit more than one story per competition, in case you have too much inspiration for a single tale. It is not necessary to meet the closing date, but any late entries will not be considered for the prize. You can submit a story by sending it to me by a personal message; the time you send the story will be considered as the delivery time. Revisions are possible, even if your story is already submitted, but only before the closing date. In the case of multiple revisions, the last revision before the closing date counts, unless told otherwise.

All stories will be posted on the boards after the closing date. Any story published before that will be disqualified from the competition.

Judging: Well this is one thing I haven’t worked out yet; since this is a community competition, I also want your vote in the process. There are two options. Option one is that we form a judging team, a small panel of “expert” members who judge the stories.

Option two is that everyone can vote, and by everyone I mean any member of animepee. To rule out cheaters I suggest that only members with more than one month of seniority can vote, unless they already have proven to be valuable on the forum. For obvious reasons you can’t vote for your own story.

I strongly suggest that the criteria to be judged are the criteria Slater used for his writing competition - suggestions are welcome, but I can’t do it better than him. The criteria are the following:

{{:

Grammar/Spelling - Basically an overview of how well the sentences are structured and spelling.

Keep in mind that sometimes sentences are cut short, dragged on, or even one word long on purpose. This isn't an English paper, it's a story. But for us to fully understand and appreciate writing talent requires good grammar and spelling. Since not everyone has English as their first language, and you can only be so perfect, I gave a scoring scale max of 5.

0-5 points

Style - The artistic way the story is written; how interesting/unique was it?

This includes how sentences, sounds, punctuation, and descriptions were used. Controlling time flow for effects is also a good way to judge style.

0-5 points

Characterization - How believable were the characters? Were you attached to them?

Characters are one of the most important aspects to a story. Grammar and spelling can be utter crap, and the style boring, but the characters are what drives us to continue. We get attached to them, what authors call "identifying with the characters". We feel them as real, and they compel us to laugh, cry, or shout for joy. In essence, characters control the feelings of the readers (viewers in the case of motion picture) and can make up every dimension of a good story.

The core of the story are the characters. The core of the characters are their cares.

0-10 points

Plot - The hardest thing about a short story; how well characters acted and events fell into place. Was it exciting? Any twists? Was it unique?

On a most basic level, the plot is what separates poetry from prose. It is simply, the actions and reactions of characters to events taking place and what challenges the characters and makes us attached to them. This makes the entire story captivating to read.

0-10 points

}}

If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in this thread. Oh and since this is - as far as I know - the first omorashi competition in a very long time, why don’t I give you an example of one? I’m not sure how many of you remember the website www.femaledesperation.com, but ten years ago, they were hosting a similar writing competition, rather successfully for 33 months. The site is down, but you can still visit the archive: http://web.archive.org/web/20041204105212/http://femaledesperation.com/comp/comp.htm

Many magnificent stories were submitted at that time - just read a few of them and you’ll know what I mean. Just to give you an idea of the outcome of such a competition...

Story competition - month 1

Here’s the information about the first story competition... you can start writing today, and suggestions are always welcome.

Theme: desperation, possibly wetting

Scenario:

A group of friends is attending a show; you decide what kind of performance they are watching. For example; they could be at the movie theatre, they could be attending a concert, or some kind of play,... Let your own imagination run wild. The “show” that they are attending is quite long, and there’s no intermission planned - maybe your characters aren't aware of the fact that there is no break? They all have consumed a large amount of fluids before - or during the show. Their bladders are filling up, and at least one character is getting desperate to pee. Unfortunately she or he is seated in the middle of the theatre, and there’s no easy way to the bathroom, since the venue is packed with people. What happens next is up to you. Does your character tries to hold it until the end of the show? Does she/he find the bathroom afterwards? Is there a line at the bathroom? Be as creative as you want to be.

The two key concepts are a large crowd, and a considerable amount of liquid intake. The number of people in your group of friends is undetermined, from just two to... much more, as well as the number of desperate people. Off course it’s possible that they all need the bathroom, but maybe just one of two of them are struggling - it’s your decision. Oh and, the term “friends” can be handled loosely; a group of girls/boys/both is off course ok, but the characters can also be family (sisters/brothers/cousins/...) or even a couple on a date. Just make sure that they are about the same age.

Closing date of the competition: 16 OCTOBER 2011 <- new date!

Prize for the winner:

- a piece (+- 1GB) of my movie/picture collection (for example, I have more than 2GB of Snuppa, 12GB of Bound2Burst, 6+GB of WHP material...)

OR

- a $10 award (only paypal!)

Additional comments:

The idea of this scenario originates from a true event at the movie theatre. Me and my girlfriend were attending Pirates of the Caribbean 4, and we had both drank a large soda, not realising the movie would last that long. Thirty minutes before the end of the movie my girlfriend whispered to me that she really needed to pee - she said it was from drinking so much soda, and that she hoped that the movie would end soon. Ten minutes later I also really felt my bladder kicking in. During the remainder of the movie my girlfriend kept giving me remarks about her uncomfortable need to relieve herself; normally she doesn’t do that, so I knew that she was a bit desperate.

I’m sure she wasn’t in the “wetting my pants in a few seconds” stage, but she definitely was in the “bouncing in her seat” stage. Anyway, since I needed a pee myself, I was also eagerly awaiting the end of the movie. When we finally thought the movie was over we grabbed all of our stuff, ready to jump up and run straight to the bathroom. But after that scene there was another scene. And another plot twist. And another scene. There was even a scene after the credits! It was like it was never going to end... (We finally made it to the bathroom in time by the way)

I’m sure you have all been to a movie that just keeps on dragging and dragging on, or at a concert where the performer keeps giving encore after encore. Combined with a full bladder, that might be an effective combination; we all know that desperately holding yourself is partly physical, but also partly psychological. A bursting bladder is already as bad as it is, and it’s even worse when you don’t know when you will be able to relieve yourself. Even worse is when you “tell” your bladder that the moment is finally there, but then it isn’t. The more you do, the more you get uncertain, and the more your bladder gets “uncertain” too...

(These additional comments are purely personal by the way, and not in any way part of the scenario)

*004*2011-08-28 19:31

Ranpalan and Zryouiki, thanks for the suggestions. I agree that partipicants shouldn't be judges, but I don't think we should limit the list of possible participants from the start. Ranpalans list of names is fine, but many of them are also excellent writers; maybe they also want to send in an entry for the competition? A volunteer-based board sounds better, in my opinion.

@ Zryouiki:

1. There are no rules for the origin of the characters; you can certainly use anime/tv/... characters. One suggestion though: I think the story should be understandable for those who don't know the characters beforehand - a short introduction might be useful. Off course this also applies to "self-made" characters.

2. Perspective doesn't matter.

3. Yes, please, spin the scenario! The goal is not to have multiple identical stories, the goal is to have a somewhat similar setting. It will a lot of fun to see how various people will approach the scenario differently. I certainly don't want to limit any artistic masterpiece; the story can have any tone (comical/psycholgical/sexual/...)

@ All: Please post a short reply here if you are interested in joining this competition. It's not mandatory, but it might be useful to know an approximate number of people participating...

*011*2011-08-29 18:39

{{:

I do not intend to write, seeing as I'm a shitty writer.

}}

Come on, you're not such a bad writer, I'm loving some of your parts in roleplays. ;) But maybe you are right and maybe you are a better judge than you are a writer. Since Zryouiki wholeheartedly agrees, I think you are in (the judging team)!

{{:

I'm not good at this kind of scene as I rarely go to movies or crowded places. The closest I could get to that, are high school stories. And even then... I know there are better talents.

}}

So that means that you are not entering? Too bad, I've enjoyed many of your stories in the past, some of them are really good. But it's your decision off course.

{{:

Could I enter one of my stories that's already written?

}}

The story that you are talking about... have you posted it on the forum before? I don't have anything against an old or recycled story itself, but I think all of the stories have to be judged "at the same time" to prevent preliminary judgements.

{{:

Hmm I think I might try it out It will give me something to do so I'm not completely bored as hell with school. Question though, anything any penalties foe harsh language?

}}

What do you mean by "harsh language"? Swearing and stuff like that? I don't see why it should be punished - I mean, if that's the tone of your story I think this falls under the category "artistic freedom".

{{:

OK, here's my short reply. I think I'll throw a story or two into the fray

}}

Great!

Hmm, about blind voting; I thought it wouldn't matter that much. But if you all think that it would be fairer, I don't have a problem with it either. It's just a minor detail, as far as I'm concerned. It's alright for me, although I don't know how submitting would work in that case. When someone sends his/her story to me by a personal message, I can already see who is the writer, right?

*017*2011-08-31 18:33

IMPORTANT: Excuse me, but I made a small mistake in my first post, about the closing date of the competition. The date that I had in mind was 16 OCTOBER, not november.

Question; would it be a dealbreaker for someone, if I shifted the closing date to 16 october, one month earlier? In my opinion, one and a half month is plenty of time to write a story. I also don't want that this competition keeps dragging along and along, until the point writers extend their personal deadlines and/or lose their interest...

At the other hand, the 16 october date was just something in my mind, not something carved in stone. So if some writers like the november date more, keeping it is also fine by me. I would love to hear from the writers about their personal preference. My preference is 16 october... but let's hear what you all have to say!

And once again, I'm terribly sorry.

