The English Lessons gone wet

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2012-12-23 13:50

Chapter One:

How it started

Tomoe (To-moe-ay) was a young lady of about thirty-eight years but still single and living at home. Her parents were in their sixties and seventies, but still seemed to make all the house rules for her because ‘she was living there, and it was her father’s house.’

A man of about forty-two was teaching a class one day. He was an English teacher, it was considered cool for Japanese to learn English in this day of age, so he was always getting calls for people that would try a class or two, but a lot of them just realized how much work it was to learn English and would soon drop the class after a few months. The thing is, that they wanted immediate results despite the fact that they forget that young people take eight years or so before becoming fluent enough to express all of their ideas to people around them.

This man was a little tall with shiny light brown hair which was slowly turning gray, and he had round lensed glasses that covered the front of his bright green eyes. His face was a little scruffy from a shave of the day before, and he wore button down ‘church’ shirts along with nice trousers, never jeans.

This man, Ralph, was in the middle of a class when he first got a call from someone named Sano. Now, he always had to answer calls in the middle of his lessons because he had no secretary or anything like that. He wasn’t a big enough school to hire all the help he’d really like to have.

“Excuse me,” an aged woman politely said into the phone. “But I’d like to talk to a man named Ralph?”

“That’s me,” he said in his best Japanese.

“Can we talk now?”

“Actually, I have a class right now. Can I call you back in an hour?” he asked her using all of the polite formalities of the Japanese language at his command.

“Sure. In one hour then?”

Ralph said “Yes” in the typical strong affirmative of the Japanese way of a clear agreement.

An hour later, he called the number back, and then they began discussing the details of how the new meeting should take place.

Mrs. Sano, the mother, answered the phone with a soft tone of respect.

“We would like you to teach my daughter,” she said. “My daughter is working at the hospital at the moment, so I’m trying to set up the appointment for her. It seems she has little time to do the things that she wants unless I do this for her.”

“I understand,” Ralph said as politely as he could. “So, let’s see, I have most mornings free….”

“I’m sorry, but she works in the daytime. She was hoping to have an evening class.”

“I see. Well, the only evening I am really free is on Saturday after six.”

“Actually, we need the lesson to be later than that. We were hoping that maybe you could teach her from nine o’clock.”

“I see. That is a pretty late class.”

“Yes, I know. I’ve called all over, and it seems that not many schools are willing to do it so late.”

“Well, as it is on a Saturday, so I’d have Sunday off the next day, maybe I can do it.”

“You can?”

“Sure. Do you know where my study room is?”

“Actually, we had hoped that you could come here. You see, my daughter is always working until about eight, and she needs about an hour to get home and then get ready for you, so that’s why we need such a late hour. She’s really too tired to drive after that.”

“That’s kind of irregular for me….”

“I figured, huh? Well, if you don’t want the job maybe I can just….”

“I’ll tell you what. I’ll meet you on this Saturday and talk about it, and we can kind of see how it goes. This is very irregular for me, and if it’s a little distance to your house, I might have to charge car gas.”

“Sure. Shall we meet at the family restaurant on route six?”

“Yeah, I think I know that one.”

“Okay, so on route six, okay? On Saturday at around nine?”

“Sure.”

That Saturday:

Ralph waited in his classroom after the last lesson was over at six for a bit reviewing what to teach the new student and getting in how he was going to test her level so he could start off on the right foot with her. He wasn’t really sure this was a good idea anyway to work so late and at someone’s home privately. He normally only did such things in cases where the client couldn’t drive or in cases that had better reasons, and he certainly usually didn’t work after nine anyway. But it had been awhile since he got a new student, so he felt like he wanted to just try to see how it went.

At seven, to his surprise, the mother had called again. It was nearly two hours early and he thought, ‘As I expected, it really is too late and she’s going to cancel, right? Wrong.’

“Hello. This is Ralph.”

“Hey, my daughter is home earlier than usual, so we’d like to meet at the restaurant as soon as you are ready,” she said.

“Sure, I’ll be over in a bit then.”

Ralph jumped into his car and drove towards the restaurant after checking to make sure he had all his stuff with him. He pulled into the parking for the restaurant and called the cell number back to inform them that he was there.

“Oh, we are inside. Can you come inside please?”

Ralph parked the car and went into the restaurant through the lobby and found two women, one clearly older and grandma looking though her beauty had not yet left her. The younger girl had shiny black hair and a somewhat crooked smile because of the neglect of her teeth at a young age, perhaps. Still, she looked a little bit cute standing there in her white uniform that she wore at the hospital.

“Hi, are you Ralph?”

“Yes I am.”

“This is Tomoe, your new student,” she began as she led Ralph back towards their table. It seemed that they wanted to have dinner there. “I’m sorry, but she’s not very good at anything, and she’s not very cute, so please be kind and teach her English slowly, okay?”

Ralph nodded. The Japanese were always like this, always putting down themselves or their own inner circle while looking up at the outsider. He didn’t like this attitude much among the Japanese as he found it an attitude that often got in their way of growing in English, but there was nothing he could say or do to fix it in just one meeting.

He sat opposite of the ladies, and after they had basically ordered some soup, they started to talk about what they would like to see happen.

“Tomoe is really shy, and she’s not so skillful or pretty, so she doesn’t speak English well, I’m sorry. You’ll have to go slowly with her.”

“Don’t worry, I always teach at the level and speed of the student especially when it is a private lesson.”

“Well, it is my hope that one day, she might be able to meet a foreigner that she might date, then maybe she would become better at English.”

Ralph gulped and mentally rolled his eyes. Was the mother trying to set her up, or was she just saying what he might want to hear so that he would teach her.

“I understand,” he halfway lied. “I will do my best for her, and you will see that through the class, she will learn pronunciation tricks which I’ve noticed that Junior High Schools and other places of learning seem to leave out, and she will also learn to speak naturally when things come up, as that is the best way to learn. You will quickly forget if you just learn something you never use, so I will be trying to teach her things that she will need to say all the time in class.”

“Good. What are your usual fees?”

As talk turned to business, Tomoe stood up.

“Shall I get you something to drink?” she offered to her mother.

“Yes, please, and get him something too, okay?”

You see, in Japanese family restaurants, they have what is called a ‘drink bar’ that you pay once for, and then you can go up and refill your glass as many times as you want with whatever drink you want. No alcohol, sorry folks.

While she was gone, Ralph and Mrs. Sano set up the arrangements to her liking, and she was quite happy with the payment schedules and what her daughter should be learning.

Tomoe came back with the drinks.

“Tomoe, I think he is maybe a good person to teach you English,” her mom turned to her. “Do you think you want to learn English from him?”

Tomoe smiled shyly and nodded.

“Then it’s settled. Shall I show you where we live so you can do the sample lesson then tonight?” she asked Ralph.

“Sure.”

Chapter Two

The Second Lesson:

The street his new client lived on was dark and very narrow with houses lining both sides of the street. Even the intersections needed mirrors across the road so that you could look into them around the tight corners to know if someone was coming because the houses blocked the view. There was hardly any room to park outside the house at all, and Ralph had arrived a bit early as he was always punctual.

He sighed and decided to wait the extra few minutes in the car by reviewing his notes about what he wanted to go over with the young Ms. Tomoe. From what he had seen of the trial lesson, she really was at the beginner level, but then again, he wasn’t sure if that was because she really forgot that much English since junior high school days, or if she was just too shy to speak out much. She barely said much anyway outside of the lesson. Her mother had set up all the arrangements, so he knew she was definitely shy.

Ralph finally called them on his cell phone to let them know he was out there as he was sure that he couldn’t just park where he was. It was way too narrow and no one else was parked outside on the roadway.

“This is Sano.”

“I’m here. I don’t know where to park though.”

“Oh, just a minute and we’ll be right out.”

“Okay.”

Ralph sighed as he closed his phone. He was giving up one of only two days a week that he could watch TV in English, he was a little tired from working the last week, and still had to teach another hour and a half from now, and by the time he got home it would be nearly eleven.

The woman and the girl once again came out to meet him together. Tomoe opened the garage door for him while the mother went to the driver’s side to explain that he had to park in the garage.

Ralph nodded and once the ladies were out of the way, he proceeded to get in position to back his little silver ‘K’ car into the garage.

A ‘K’ car is a fairly small Volks Wagon sized vehicle with a small engine that you can purchase in Japan. The difference is such a car is usually charged less on the freeway, and for yearly taxes, but it rarely has enough power to climb mountain roads effortlessly like larger engine cars.

Once he was parked, he got out with some books and notebooks, and bowed to the women.

“Nice to see you again,” Ralph said politely in Japanese. “Shall we begin?”

The mother nodded and the two ladies led him into the house. Once he was seated in the living room/ dining room area, the mother offered him something to drink before making herself unseen.

Ralph started the lesson as usual by starting with greetings since Tomoe seemed to need some work on natural greetings rather than the robotic greetings she learned in junior high school.

The lesson progressed quite quickly with both Tomoe and Ralph smiling and really getting into the exercises of introducing themselves and talking about their home addresses and phone numbers. Then as the time drew to a close, the mother once again appeared in the living room/ dining room. It was like she was always there as if Tomoe would need her help with something, but Ralph tried to shrug it off as a concerned parent though to tell the truth, at thirty-eight, he really didn’t understand what was going on. Shouldn’t Tomoe be able to talk for herself?

When her mother appeared once again, Tomoe became quiet and didn’t say anything while her mother once again apologized for her daughter’s unskillfulness, and even, to Ralph’s thinking, being a bit rude by calling her ‘slow’ or ‘stupid.’

Her mom didn’t actually say the words slow or stupid, but she might as well had.

“I’m so sorry she is hard to teach and she is so slow on picking up English.”

“Actually, she seems quite able to pick up a lot of things,” Ralph tried to reassure the mother.

“That’s very kind of you to say,” Mrs. Sano replied. Tomoe stayed quiet and though quite visible, just didn’t seem to have anything to say for herself at this time. “It is my hope that one day, she might meet a foreigner boyfriend, maybe from America that maybe she can improve her English much better that way.”

Ralph mentally rolled his eyes again. Why was Sano so hard on her daughter? She wasn’t even in the room to see what Tomoe could really do. And he was quite happy with her pronunciation and with her ability to catch on about what to say for each exercise. She might not be a hundred percent sure of the meaning yet, but she knew it enough to do the exercises in the book with him.

“What do you think would best help her in her studies to learn English?” Mrs. Sano asked of the teacher.

“Well, the best way to get comfortable with listening, which is usually the number one complain among my students, is to rent movies that are in both Japanese and English with subtitles. Watch them all the time in Japanese until she knows all the parts really well, then watch them in English with English subtitles so that she can pick up on the words that went too fast.”

“Sure. We already watch some dramas in English,” her mom said. “We usually just watch them in Japanese, but maybe we can sometimes turn them to English only too.”

“That’s good, but really, if you want to help improve her listening, she should know the story well when she hears it in English so she can imagine what they are saying. I think it would be better with a rental movie as she can watch it many times both in Japanese and in English to learn certain parts.”

“I see.”

Meanwhile, as always, Tomoe was sitting silently barely saying anything for herself.

Ralph looked over to her. “How do you feel about tonight’s lesson?” he asked her in Japanese.

“It was okay,” was all she could say with that cute shy smile on her face. Really, there was something that Ralph didn’t know, but she wasn’t really willing to let him know, so she just sat there waiting for her mom to finish with him.

Ralph had taught her how to ask for a break and how to ask to be excused to go to the bathroom during lessons, but this… this was not a lesson. It was after the lesson, and she felt it might be rude to leave him with just her mother so she didn’t want to say anything. Besides, she could wait a few minutes.

A few minutes seemed to turn into an hour, but still Tomoe was resolute in not saying anything, and her body barely moved so that he really didn’t have a clue about what her predicament was. Finally, he headed to the car none the wiser for her situation already thinking about what he would teach her the third lesson.

Chapter Three

The Talk

As Ralph drove home, he started to wonder if she really was thirty-eight years old, this Tomoe. Her silent behavior, and her compliance and willful obedience to sit through whatever her mom said, reminded him more of a child. He knew this would be rude to say in person to either the mother or Tomoe, but he wondered why her mother had to set up her classes and why her mother always had to talk about the business side of her daughter’s English study. Wasn’t it her daughter who was paying him, not the parents? Well, it wasn’t his place, so he tried to put it out of mind.

Before the third lesson, as was quickly becoming the custom, both the ladies met him outside and arranged to have him park in the garage again, and then as the mother thought there was still ten minutes before the lesson, she sent her daughter to the store for soft drinks.

‘If Tomoe is too tired to drive after work, why was her mother sending her to the store? The nearest one, for Tomoe to be back in less than ten minutes, would have to be reached by car.’

Before Ralph knew it, Tomoe was gone to get the drinks, and he was sitting there with the mother once again.

“Tomoe is not good at anything,” her mother started to complain again. “I’m really sorry if she is too much trouble to teach.”

“Tomoe is actually doing really well, I think,” Ralph tried again to put her mind at ease. “She already seems to know well, about how to convey personal information and she seems to be able to talk about simple topics with help. She also has clearer pronunciation of words than many Japanese who have studied longer periods than she has.”

“That’s kind of you to say,” her mother said once again making Ralph’s eyes mentally roll. “But the truth is she is not very skillful at anything, she doesn’t learn very fast, and she’s not very pretty, so she doesn’t have any boyfriends.”

Ralph gulped. “I’m sure there are people who look at her.”

“Maybe,” her mother said doubtfully. “But I think if she could just speak English or maybe do something else a little better, then maybe someone will like her.”

Ralph didn’t know what he was supposed to say, so tried to keep quiet.

“You know, people don’t really like unskillful girls who always seem to be kind of klutzy, right?”

Ralph blushed. He actually though that Tomoe was not as bad as her mom was making her out to be. And why was her mom telling him this stuff outside of her daughter’s ears? Shouldn’t they be talking about this in front of the daughter, with the daughter able to say what was on her own mind about it? But he tried not to pass judgment. These were a mother’s concerns.

Tomoe came back, finally, with the drinks, and Ralph was ready to start the lesson. He was really getting uncomfortable with the way the mother was talking to him almost as if she wanted to set him up with her. He barely knew her, and she barely knew him. It would take more than a few lessons to do that, and anyway, he was supposed to be her teacher. Why was her mom talking like this?

What Ralph didn’t know, was that Tomoe was kind of interested in him as a boyfriend, but she was too shy and scared to say so, and she also knew he was supposed to be her teacher. It was she, who had put her mother up to asking about these things and seeing how he would take it.

Tomoe came back from the store with a smile. She actually hated to leave the room when he was there because she liked his company, and because she hated to leave the room, now that she had the drinks, she sat down purposely ignoring her bladder. She wanted to start the lesson.

As usually, her mom disappeared again. Her dad was always only ever seen at the very end of the time for a minute or two to escort Ralph out. He was watching, too, but he had other things on his mind. He was NOT trying to set his daughter up with a teacher.

The two of them talked about pronunciation again, some real time English that she could use with him during a lesson like when she needed help with something, when she wanted to ask to look something up, or even when she wanted to take care of a basic need like getting a drink or using the bathroom.

Tomoe smiled. She would never use the words for a break or going to the bathroom, she knew, because she really didn’t want to spend any more time away from her ‘cool’ teacher than she had to, and anyway, her mom would scold her about wasted money if she left the room during the lesson.

Tomoe felt her legs squeeze a bit tighter in her nursing outfit as he brought up how to ask to be excused for the bathroom. But she was stubborn, and she didn’t want to be yelled at by her mother for missing any of the lesson.

Ralph still had not noticed anything even though she was now squeezing her legs together nearly halfway into the lesson.

Ralph and she finished the lesson, and then once again, her mother started to talk about Tomoe’s weaknesses even in front of her apologizing for her inability to ‘keep up.’

“I assure, she is doing great,” Ralph said. “As a matter of fact, she already knows the rules of pronouncing the three kinds of ‘A’ sounds in less time than it usually takes to teach other students. I think she’s picking up a lot of things very quickly.”

He turned to Tomoe to prove his point.

“Tomoe, can you tell me the three sounds for A?” he asked in Japanese.

“Ah, a-a, and ay.”

“And when do we use the ay sound?”

“It has an ai, ay, or a plus one letter plus e after it.”

“Exactly. Normally, it takes most students as many as nine lessons, and three different times for a total of twenty-seven lessons before they really catch on to the rule and remember it. Your daughter has only studied English now, for the fourth time, and she knows this rule. Not only that, but now, she can respond to simple questions in English, which means she is learning.”

Her mother frowned.

Ralph looked at her confused.

“I see. So, you are happy with her English ability?”

“Yes, I am happy with her learning ability in English. She still has a long way to go before she can really say things confidently as if she is a native, but she is definitely on her way to doing so.”

“I’ve told her that she can improve in English much faster if she makes a foreign boyfriend though. What do you think about that?”

“Well, I think that learning English should not be the motive because to really make a relationship work, you need communication most of all. I think a nice cool Japanese is probably better for her than a native English speaker because one of the pitfalls of such an arrangement will sometimes be the inability to communicate what you feel to each other.”

Mrs. Sano thought about that a moment. Then she nodded.

“But you know? She doesn’t even have a Japanese boyfriend. She’s not cute, and no one really likes her.”

Ralph mentally tried to roll his eyes again, but then caught Mrs. Sano’s eye. She was trying to tell him something.

“Tomoe isn’t getting any younger, and now she really seems like she will be lonely the rest of her life. She can’t meet anyone because she is too much of a child. She isn’t cute, and I really wish she could meet someone nice like you.”

Ralph looked over at Tomoe for a moment or two.

Tomoe looked back, her mouth set in that crooked smile caused by her uneven teeth which really make her look cuter, and somehow, also made her seem much younger.

“You know, Mrs. Sano, I don’t think it’s her looks or her abilities at all. I think she’s really cute, and if the situation were different, I might even have asked her out if I saw her in a different place than teaching her.”

“Really?”

“Yes, I would,” Ralph sighed. “But what are we talking about here? I’m her teacher, right?”

Her mom nodded.

“He said I’m cute,” Tomoe smiled.

“Hey, I didn’t just say it,” Ralph said sincerely. “I said it because it’s true. If I don’t think you are cute, then I wouldn’t say anything. You can’t trust a teacher that lies to you.”

Tomoe blushed and became quiet again as her mom took over.

“But she doesn’t have any boys looking at her at all. I really feel like she won’t ever have that kind of life.”

Ralph sighed. He didn’t know if he should tell her the problems that might turn boys off to Tomoe that he could already make a pattern of because it really wasn’t his place was it?

“Do you have any suggestions for her? We really would like your advice and because you are her teacher, I think you can teach her how to get a boyfriend.”

Ralph felt trapped now. What was her mom saying? What was he supposed to say or do? Was he supposed to go along with this?

Tomoe also felt a little uncertain about her mom’s choice of words, but she did like her teacher, and so much so, that even now, it had been thirty minutes since the lesson was up, and she was starting to feel her muscles strain because she really had to use the bathroom, but she didn’t want to appear rude to Ralph by leaving even for a minute.

Ralph felt his face blushing.

“Please, teach her how she can find a nice man like you. What do you think she should do?”

Ralph looked over at Tomoe. Then he looked back at her mother. The real problem, he had not yet seen, but one problem he did see, was that Tomoe was rather lazy about taking care of herself after work. It’s okay to come home and just watch TV in your work clothes after you are married because you are not trying to impress anyone, but, maybe he shouldn’t say that to them. Maybe it would be the wrong thing to say.

“I think for one,” he started as he felt a lump in his throat. “Tomoe needs to feel confident about herself. She is always quiet when we talk, for example, which makes it seem like she’s disengaged. As I am coming to know about her, I think the problem of her being so shy is she just isn’t that confident in herself.”

He waited for the words to take weight to see what her mother would say.

“How can we fix that?” her mother asked.

Now, Tomoe was sitting there, her legs starting to bounce just a little. It was as much from being nervous of what they were talking about as it was being nervous that he would be kept much longer making her sit there through her need to pee.

“Well, she needs to do things that make her feel good about herself,” Ralph said bluntly. He had done it now. He had opened the can of worms. “She needs to, um… for example… she is always in her nursing clothes when I come for a lesson,” Ralph started not really knowing how to end this.

“She’s always tired after work,” her mom explained.

“I know. Work makes people tired,” Ralph looked at her trying to understand. “I am usually tired after work too, but if she is looking for a young man, and if she goes out somewhere, even to a Seven Eleven for a stop, she really should be the best she can. People judge others on a first appearance.”

Her mom nodded.

Ralph looked over and saw her looking down and wondered if she felt a little embarrassed or ashamed of what he had said. He almost wanted to take it back when he looked at her red face.

Tomoe actually knew that keeping clean was important. She didn’t need someone to tell her that, but that wasn’t the reason she was blushing. She was really starting to wonder if her mom would ever let him leave as she started to feel her privates burn under the pressure of trying to hold her urine back.

Ralph noticed her mom was still concentrating on what he was saying, so he breathed out a clean breath of air and then went on feeling a chill down his spine as he did so.

“Tomoe needs to take a bath after work if she meets someone,” he said plainly. “She also needs to do something less professional more cute or interesting with her hair if she wants to meet someone for the purpose of a relationship rather than work,” he informed her. She is a cute girl, but she has to take proactive action if she wants to get noticed.”

Tomoe never thought of that. She blushed feeling like she should have thought of it though.

“Would you be interested in being her boyfriend?” her mother bluntly asked. “I mean, to teach her?” she quickly corrected what she meant.

Ralph thought a moment. He didn’t know if this was the best thing to do. Already, this arrangement was out of the ordinary for him, and he was sure it would lead to trouble.

Tomoe also felt her face heat up as her mother asked. She had not expected that.

“I don’t know,” Ralph said hesitantly. “This is something that you normally don’t expect from a teacher.” Then he looked and saw Tomoe looking a little nervous and sad at the same time, and honestly, he felt she was cute. “Alright, I guess I can.”

Suddenly, Tomoe forgot about the need to pee. It was like it had disappeared completely as she looked into his eyes when he agreed. She felt every bone in her body get mushy, and her heart beat heavily in her chest.

Mrs. Sano nodded with a smile as though satisfied.

“I’m very protective of ladies though,” he warned them. “I also think that if you really want me to teach her about the etiquette of setting up for a date and dating, then you might have a problem with some of the things I might believe.”

Tomoe smiled unconcerned at first, but her mom grimaced wondering if she had set her daughter up with the wrong sort of person.

“What would you require of her?” she asked.

“Well, I’m not requiring anything of her,” Ralph made clear. “What I’m going to tell you is my advice, but it’s up to her to do it or not. I’m going to check on if she’s doing it or not, but if she’s not or doesn’t want to, then I want you to know there is nothing I can do about it. It is up to her to be her own person and have the confidence to tell what she wants to do.”

Her mom relaxed a little bit.

Tomoe looked up at him. “But someone like me really needs help because I’m ugly.”

“You are not ugly,” Ralph tried to reinforce to her. “The only things that make you less desirable are your own feelings of self-unworth. You can change these feelings by doing some simple things, okay?”

She nodded.

He reached behind her back and started to let her hair down from the working pony-tail.

“For one, you don’t have to be so professional looking when you are seeing someone on a personal level,” he told her. “You should wear your hair cute,” and as he pulled her hair down her face, her radiance in beauty became all the more defined. “Change your work clothes and if possible, take a bath before meeting people after work.”

Tomoe nodded.

“But I’m fat,” she tried to point out.

“Are you?” he asked a little puzzled that he might have missed something obvious. Sure, she was a little heavyset, but he never really thought of her as actually fat. “Stand up a minute.”

She complied, but as she did so, her bladder reminded her that it was still full and she crossed her legs to put pressure there.

“You are not skinny like a model,” he observed. “But really, models are not that pretty or cute,” he told her. “And you know that from a health point of view, that their lifestyle often is not healthy.”

She nodded in agreement.

“I would not really call you fat,” he went on. “And to tell you the truth, some guys, like me, like to have something on a girl to hold on to. Sometimes, girls worry so much about their figure for the wrong reasons, but if you are confident about your weight, and it causes you no personal problems, then there really is nothing wrong with it. I’ve seen a lot of girls a lot bigger than you with boyfriends.”

“Really?”

“Yeah, but again, the difference is self confidence.”

Tomoe nodded as did her mother.

“And you know,” he turned back to her mother because he was used to discussing business with her. “The more confident Tomoe is about herself, the better she does at work, in English, and anything else she does. The confidence will also help her from feeling so worn out when she gets off of work because people with confidence usually have more energy.”

Ralph then turned to Tomoe again. “Are you sure you want to try this boyfriend, thing?” he asked her before looking back at her mom.

Her mom was the first to nod, and then Tomoe blushingly, smiled and nodded.

“Well, if we do this, you need to know I’m the kind of person that likes a lot of hugs,” he told her. If that makes you uncomfortable….”

He waited for Tomoe to reject him, but instead, she came closer and hugged him despite the feeling she really should go to the bathroom soon. She could feel the verge of it trying to push her tubing apart and start down towards the dark insides of her panties.

Ralph hugged her back, and smiled as he felt her butt through her white hospital skirt.

“Let’s do that, then,” her mom said a bit more confident.

Ralph nodded.

“Why don’t we let you go now?” Mrs. Sano started, but that’s when the father came in.

“Can I talk?” he asked.

Ralph nodded.

He sat opposite of him, and at that moment, for some reason, Tomoe felt like moving further away and into the kitchen which was still in the same room, but quite a bit further from Ralph.

“Are you going for the night?” he asked with a smile.

“Yeah, when you are finished,” Ralph said to Mr. Sano.

“Well, I really shouldn’t keep you much longer tonight. But later, we should probably talk.”

The man led Ralph out to the car this time, Mrs. Sano and Tomoe also came along because they felt like they should. Tomoe could feel the leak pressing at the last point in her tubes trying to… oh, actually, it had just dribbled a bit. She could feel a bit of dampness now, between her legs.

Ralph drove off.

“Well, Tomoe, Sachi, please come into the house. I need to talk to you.”

“Actually, can I go to the bathroom first?” Tomoe asked her father.

“You can wait a minute.”

“I can’t,” she fidgeted a bit.

“You sure waited while he was here, though, didn’t you?”

Tomoe blushed.

“He’s not a good teacher,” he told them. “He should not agree to teach her personal relations because he is supposed to be an English teacher, not a match making teacher.”

Sachi nodded. “Yeah, I felt like he was a bit too easy to ask to do that. He also seems to think he can tell her to take a bath and stuff like that.”

“Yes, that is not his place. Tomoe, I forbid you to contact him after tonight.”

Tomoe nodded. Her heart was starting to break, her bladder was leaking again, though she tried to stand as though nothing were wrong because the man of the house was speaking, and she had to listen. Her eyes glistened as she realized she might never see him again.

The man looked down the girl’s legs and noticed a small stream of water which was now starting to dribble on her shoes.

“Are you wetting your pants in front of me?” he asked his daughter.

Tomoe nodded and now started to shake as more liquid suddenly flooded her panties, then dropped down her legs and to the floor between them.

“You see? That man has made you irrational. You would never wait that long normally, now would you? And yet, you waited until he left, and then expected ME to just let you go when I had something important to say.”

Tomoe felt like he was scolding her, and shrank her head between her shoulders and hovered her arms in front of her wishing she was the size of an ant at the moment.

“Go clean up. We will not talk about this anymore.”

Not the End: Wait for Part 2

*003*2012-12-26 00:19

Thanks you, CTM and Sidney. I'm trying to think how to get to the second part of this story as I definitely see something else going to happen, but at the moment, I'm trying to decide how to work her personality into the next meeting, so it can progress from there.

*004*2012-12-27 10:13

Chapter Four

Risk

Tomoe knew that it was no use arguing with her father, so she laid low for a few days and didn't bring up anything that would remind him that she had wanted to study English. More so, she didn't want him to remember that she liked her previous teacher, and she didn't want him to suspect her for any plans she might have involving that.

It was more than two weeks, when Tomoe had decided she would try to look into learning English again, only this time, she decided she would try to set up the meeting herself and find out where he usually taught at. She knew that she'd have to do something earlier so that her parents wouldn't get suspicious, and that it would be hard to schedule around her work, but then if things worked out the way she wanted, she might not have to worry about that much longer. She was actually tired of living there, but she had no confidence to find her own place because her parents had well taught her that a young lady needed to be careful these days, and it was much safer to live at home.

She was now, coming home from work, but instead of going straight home, she was making a detour to call the number in the paper. She hoped it was the right number.

"Ralph," he answered the phone. "I teach children and adults alike. English is the way of the future."

"I don't know if you remember me, but I want to continue learning English."

Ralph had not remembered her voice, and so he asked for details.

"Who is this?"

"I am Tomoe."

"Well, do you know where the classroom is?"

"No, I forgot. Can you tell me?"

She wrote as Ralph gave her directions and then she drove over so early that if he knew, the he would know that meeting that late at her house had been all her parents' doing, and nothing at all to do with her schedule.

As Tomoe arrived at the unimpressive four car parking building, she stepped out of her blue little k-car and walked up towards the door. She knocked once as it looked like an apartment building more than a school, then she opened the door. There was another door just across from where she could see in that was open.

"Come in," Ralph said to her.

Tomoe came in with a small shy smile.

"Um... I am sure your dad said that I couldn't teach you anymore," he told her.

"Yeah, I know. But about that, I... I won't be telling him that I'm taking the lessons. It's not like I'm a teenager. He doesn't have to know."

"And what happens if he finds out and sees you coming here?"

Tomoe hung her head knowing she couldn't really tell him what she thought if he caught her.

"You see, what it will look like, is that I came looking for you, and your dad will try to press charges or something like I'm stalking you, and you won't even tell him that that's not what happened. It's too risky to teach you."

Tears came to her eyes.

"But I will keep it a secret. He won't know, and I promise to do anything you say, even the hair and clothes stuff if you teach me."

"I'm sorry, but you are asking me to take a really big risk, and if things go wrong and he finds out, I know you won't take the fault here."

"Please! Because, I... I like you as my teacher and I like you."

Ralph smiled. "You do?"

"Yes, and I'll do anything you say. Honest."

"You are still in your hospital clothes," he reminded her.

"That's because I didn't know I could find you today. I promise if you teach me, you will see me in regular clothes next time."

"Alright. I'll teach you if you really are willing to do what is told to you, but how can I actually test that to see if you would?"

"Um... next time, I'll have my regular clothes on or you can turn me away even though I pay you."

"No, not enough," he said considering what if her dad found out then.

"What do you want me to do?"

Ralph thought about it for a bit.

"Well, I don't really think you will do anything I say," he finally said. "And since you said you would, I guess that means there is an issure of trust here. I just can't trust you after what you and your family did."

"Honest, that wasn't me! I wanted to tell them that that was mean!"

"Well, I don't know how I can trust you. The only thing that makes sense to me, is to have you do something so hard, that if you aren't serious, you would definitely say no."

"I can take off my clothes in front of you."

"No, that would definitely be used against me by your father even if not you. No, I don't want to see you naked anyway unless it is by your choice."

"Well, what can I do? Please! I want to learn from you!"

Ralph considered a bit longer.

"I don't know, Tomoe. I mean you said anything, but if it gets you in trouble, obviously, you would not do it, right?"

Tomoe looked at him sideways for a minute. "Get me in trouble? With who? I'm thirty-eight, you know."

"But your parents, frankly, treat you like you are sixteen or younger."

She sighed. He was right, they do.

"Yeah, so you think my dad punishes me?"

"He might. Especially if you did something... like... I don't know...."

He continued to rub his chin as though thinking though he honestly already decided on something that he was sure would make her say 'no,' even if her dad didn't punish her.

"What?" she asked getting nervous but really wanting to please him at the same time.

"Well, first of all, can I ask you why it has to be me, and not another English teacher?"

"Because, I... I think you actually care, where as another teacher, would just be, like it's a paycheck or something."

"What if I told you I didn't care."

"Too late," she smiled shyly. "I've already seen the way you teach, and you looked at me when you tried to help me a few weeks ago."

"Well, here is the deal. Remember how I told you that I'm protective?"

She nodded.

"Well, I can't be protective if you don't listen to me, right?"

She nodded again.

"Well, what I want you to do to prove it to me, that I can trust you, is two fold...."

"Wait, you want me to ... um... do that thing, don't you?"

"Do what thing?" he asked trying to make her be clear so he was certain they were on the same page.

"You want me to pee my pants or something?"

"Very good," he smiled. "So, you not only have to go in your pants anytime I tell you, but you also have to do it in public if you don't have two friends with you or your mom to go in the bathroom with you, and you have to take the blame and tell your parents it was an accident."

Now, Tomoe was thinking. Was it worth that, what he wanted?

Ralph smiled. He was sure she would refuse and that would be that.

"When do you want me to wet my pants?" she asked him.

"Well, for starters, how about right now, or at least before you go?"

Tomoe thought about it some more. Would it be worth it? What would she tell her parents about it? Would they believe that a thirty-eight year old had an accident like that? Well, they did treat her like she was sixteen. Would they believe a sixteen year old could do that?

"Alright, I'll do it," she suddenly agreed.

Ralph's mouth dropped as she agreed and sat down to talk business with him.

"But in return, I want a reduced fee, and I want you treat me like a boyfriend and teach me to really attract a boy."

Ralph gulped. He had not expected her to agree! And what was more, she was cute and he really did like her which meant it was hard to turn her down now that she had agreed to do whatever he wanted.

*006*2012-12-28 12:15

Chapter Four

Continued

Risk

Ralph smiled as they came to an agreement.

"Reduced fees, and you do whatever I tell you," he nodded his head.

"Alright. So, um... when can I start my lessons?"

"Well, I'd like you to start tomorrow evening. But I don't think we can do them as late as your mom had set them up, or your parents are likely to find out."

"I know. I was going to take off early from work."

"Won't your parents notice that too?"

"No. They don't really check what I'm paid or anything as they said that's my money as long as I pay them a little for rent at home."

"Alright. Well, what time did you want to come here tomorrow then?"

"Can I come at seven?"

"Yeah, sure. So, you still have to show me you'll do anything I say."

"I know. What do you want from me?"

"Just sit there until you, you start to need to go to the bathroom, then tell me."

Blushing, Tomoe nodded in agreement and sat there.

"While we wait to see if you are really going to do this, what do you say we put on an English cartoon? It will help you to watched something in natural speed English from time to time."

"Sure... okay."

Ralph smiled.

"And relax. It's not like I'm going to take off your clothes or do anything that would hurt you."

Tomoe nodded.

Ralph sighed and put in a Bugs Bunny DVD so they could watch it together.

"Remember, all you have to do, is call it off, and you won't have to come tomorrow or do whatever I say."

"I'm not calling it off," Tomoe said though she was kind of shaking from the thrill of what she was doing. It was against her parents' wishes, and it felt liberating to actually disobey them even just this once.

After a couple o Bugs Bunny episodes, she started to feel a tingling in her privates and some pressure in her bladder. She thought maybe she could pee kind of soon, and so she turned to Ralph and nervously shook his arm.

"Ra...lph? I... I think I can go now."

"Can you?" he smiled.

"Yeah, so what do you want me to do?"

"Just sit here a little longer and watch TV with me."

She nodded and started to watch a third one wondering what he really wanted. If he wanted her to just wet, he could say so, and she thought she'd do it. She told him before she would.

As the third one ended, she looked up at the clock and then looked at Ralph.

"I'm sorry, but I should be going home in a minute. I'm sure I haven't done what you wanted yet, have I?"

He shook his head.

"What do you want me to do?"

He felt his legs shaking as he thought about what he was going to ask.

"You want me to wet my pants, don't you?"

He shook his head no.

"Then you want me to take off my panties or something?"

He shook his head.

"Then what?"

He smiled.

"Just hold it until you get home."

"That's all?"

"Yeah, but don't stop anywhere. Go straight home and hold it. If you can't, well, you are allowed to wet your pants in your car, but no where else if you can't wait."

Her face blushed.

"In my car?"

"Only if you can't hold it. I'm trusting you, not to stop."

She nodded.

How strange he was.

"Why can't I stop?"

"Didn't I tell you? It's dangerous for young ladies to go to the bathroom in public places alone. Besides, you promised to obey me, and this is a test to see if you can really do so."

Tomoe looked down.

"Alright, I promise not to stop."

"And if it's really bad, where do you pee your pants?"

"In my car?"

"Good, you may go."

Ralph smirked as he watched her walk out his door, somewhat keeping her legs closer to her mound which made her take smaller steps to her car.

Ralph had her set up, and now, he would really have some time the next day to see if he could get her desperate enough to wet herself, but not because of telling her directly to do so. He figured that would embarrass her even more, and it would make her less likely to tell her parents that he had anything to do with that.

