Isabelle waters the flowers

Author: maddjunkie

*000*2014-06-27 06:31

A pretty short desperation/wetting fic about Isabelle from Animal Crossing: New Leaf. Vaguely furry since she's a dog but there's not much emphasis on that besides mentioning paws/a furry body. I had kind of started it a while ago after seeing some fanart and decided to just finish it in between working on some other stuff. I think somene requested an Isabelle fic maybe but ahaha I technically didn't do this for that request, hopefully they like it anyway?

###

Being the assistant to the mayor has its fair share of drawbacks. The small dog couldn’t help but rest a paw on her bulging stomach, tiny feet shifting from side to side. When was the last time she had a break? Far too long. And of course as soon as she was about to rush off to the bathroom was when the Mayor decided to show up and talk to her. A pained smile spread across her flushed features as she nodded at the Mayor’s questions. He wanted to see about putting a new bench in, and of course as his assistant she needed to accompany him to find the perfect spot and make sure the paperwork would be in order. Forcing a smile, she allowed the mayor to lead the way, trailing behind him out of the cool warm office and into the cool autumn air.

Walking around und and keeping her legs moving wasn’t too bad, all things considered, and while they hurried along the grass towards wherever the mayor intended on building his bench she didn’t feel too desperate. It was only when they stopped for the mayor to contemplate a particular location that things got bad. Her legs would jiggle constantly, her paws gripping the clipboard tightly as she struggled to think about anything else. Her muscles clenched as tightly as possible and she slowly forced herself to stop fidgeting so much. But it was absolute agony waiting for the mayor to decide what he wanted to do. Her body tensed as her bladder flexed, urging her to release its contents.

“Okay how about….right here?” Isabelle pursed her lips together as she looked at the spot he gestured towards. That was entirely too close to a villager’s home, they would never receive a permit to build here. She shook her head, politely informing the mayor of the issue and watched him grumble as he started to walk once again. Isabelle held back a whine; she had to pee! She didn’t have time to wander around town!

Once again she trailed behind the mayor, her pace slowing considerably as her bladder throbbed painfully. She couldn’t remember the last time she had to pee so bad, she must have been a young pup. Her steps grew rigid as the mayor stopped yet again and pointed at a new area. Hurrying as best she could to catch up to him, Isbaelle grimaced at her jog jolting her bladder. Shifting from foot to foot now that she had to stand still, it took her several minutes to figure out if the mayor’s bench could be placed here. Her mind kept going to her desperation, and the sound of the river running close to the area hardly helped. Biting her lip, she hesitantly nodded. At this point she hardly cared about the mayor’s dumb project she just really needed to get back to the Town Hall and use the rest room.

Her hips wiggled as she and the mayor confirmed his project and location. Once it was all finished, the mayor bid her farewell and took off in another direction. Waving at the mayor as he happily trotted off towards Main Street, Isabelle let out a long sigh. Finally! Pressing her paws against herself, she started her shuffle back towards Town Hall. It was embarrassing but thankfully none of the villagers seemed to be this way.

Even with her hand between her legs, it felt like she was about to burst. It had been so many hours and she was so full, her eyes were starting to tear up. A cramp hit her belly and she doubled over, grinding her paw against her panties and feeling a damp spot growing. Her breathe hitched and she stood back up, trying to run and feeling herself lose more and more control. Spurts of pee dripped against her paw, soaking her panties and leaving little droplets on the flowers she walked through. She wasn’t more than half-way back to the office before the small spurts became a steady leak and no amount of clenching could stop the warm pee overflowing her paws.

“O-oh no!” It was so soft, compared to the pattering of her urine against the flowers but Isabelle could still feel heat rise in her cheeks. The thin panties she wore hardly helped as her stream poured through the material with ease, trails of urine occasionally running down her furry legs. As she peed she could feel the tension lessen in her body, her shoulders going slack as she finished up. Inspecting the damage, she was at least happy that she hadn’t left an obvious stain on her skirt, the most of the puddle under her was covered by the rose garden she stood in. At least the mayor would never know about this....

