Miyuki the New OL

Author: ILoveOmorashi

*000*2012-01-18 19:29

After several months of looking for work in Japan’s weak economy, Miyuki was glad to finally to find a job as an office lady. Even though it was a three-month contract/temporary job, it was better certainly better than nothing at all and the pay was adequate. She was starting college soon and she needed something to help pay for expenses.

She also figured it was easy work as it was data entry and answering phones. When she showed up to the office in Marunouchi for the orientation the day before her first work, however, she would be shocked to find the position wouldn’t be as easy as she thought it would be.

Her supervisor, an attractive-yet-stern-looking woman in her late 30’s who wore a gray pantsuit, explained the workplace rules and eventually got to the break policies for temporary employees for the nine-hour workday.

“You get one half-hour break for lunch and personal time. But for reasons of productivity, you must remain at your desks during all other times outside of the break period.”

“What if need to go to the toilet?” another new office lady asked.

“You do that during the break,” the supervisor said curtly, slightly irritated. “You are an adult and this shouldn’t be a problem.”

Miyuki became worried when she heard this and considered not showing up the next morning. She also wondered if it was illegal under Japanese law, but she had no clue how to report it, not to mention that temporary employees probably didn’t have the same rights that permanent employees have as far as she knew. But she needed the job and decided to go in after all. And it’s not like she hadn’t had to hold her bladder for extended periods of time before. She had had to do it before during long exams in high school and field trips, and sometimes even while out on the town with friends or on a date.

Miyuki arrived at the office the next morning at 8:00 a.m. She had on the office uniform that was given to her the day before: a midnight blue skirt and vest and white blouse with a nametag. She had decided to refrain from drinking coffee in the morning as well as diuretics of any kind during the day to make the work hours easier.

But the moment she sat down on her desk (which had several thick plastic folders stacked on top of it containing data for her to type into the computer), a salaryman started handing out cups of coffee. Miyuki wanted to refuse, but since she was a lower-ranking employee, she was obliged to accept the offer.

Nearly an hour later, the coffee began to take effect and Miyuki started to feel the urge to urinate. Oh, no! Miyuki thought. She tried to concentrate on something else so she wouldn’t have to think about her bladder for the next three hours, but as another half-an-hour passed, her need grew worse. She started crossing her legs and pressing one hand in her crotch. She looked around the office at the other three office ladies and she noticed they were also wriggling in their chairs. Yet they all had to stay at their desks at all other times besides the break, while the salarymen and supervisor could freely mill about and leave the office to use the toilet.

Twenty more minutes crawled by, and Miyuki was now very desperate to pee. It was so bad that she could barely concentrate on her work. She didn’t think she was going to be able to hold it until the break at this point. The supervisor stepped out a few minutes later (she was wearing a black pantsuit today) and Miyuki decided to take the opportunity to ask her to go relieve herself.

“Uh, Ms. Sakahara?”

Ms. Sakahara turned around and looked at her. “Yes, Miyuki?”

“May I step away from the desk just for a few minutes so I can go to the toilet, please?” Her legs were fidgeting up and down uncontrollably.

“No, you may not, Miyuki!” Ms. Sakahara replied coldly. “And you know better than to ask when the break policy was already explained to you.”

“Please, Ms. Sakahara, it’s an emergency!” Miyuki pleaded. “I don’t think I can…”

“I said no!” Ms. Sakahara snapped. “Every minute away from your desk means less work done. And if I let you go, I’ll have to let the other temp employees go. You will just have to hold it!”

“But I h…”

“You are not a child and you can hold your bladder until your break! Do not ask me again.”

As Ms. Sakahara walked away, Miyuki sat there in despair---she couldn’t believe a female supervisor could be so cruel! Her need was now a white-hot ball of agonizing pressure between her legs and there was no way she felt she could last two more hours until the break. But she would have to try.

The other office ladies were suffering as well. Shoko, the girl at the desk next to her, leaned over to Miyuki and whispered, “I need to pee really bad, Miyuki!” She kept repeatedly crossing and re-crossing her legs.

“Me, too”, Miyuki whispered back. “It isn’t fair that we have to stay at our desks and everyone else doesn’t. I’m about this close to wetting myself!”

Another hour passed as Miyuki struggled to hold on. Her need to urinate was now so bad that it felt like she would lose control at any moment. It also made doing her work more difficult than it was already was. It wasn’t much of a problem answering the phone while putting one hand in her crotch, but it was when she had to type data in the computer.

Suddenly, Mari, another one of the office ladies, stood up from her desk and exclaimed, “I can’t hold it anymore, I have to PEE!!!” Then she ran out of the office.

“Hey….wait, stop!!” Ms. Sakahara yelled after her.

After witnessing this, Miyuki herself she couldn’t wait anymore, either. Her legs trembling and with both hands in front of her crotch, she began to rise from her chair. “Ms. Sakahara….I must go to…” It was at that point that her tortured bladder sphincter muscles could take no more and she started to wet herself. Hot urine cascaded down her legs and between them, soaking back of her skirt and splashing onto the carpet beneath her while making a huge puddle. Miyuki stood there frozen and Ms. Sakahara, the other two office ladies and the permanent employees all watched in shock as this took place.

Miyuki then came to her senses and put both hands in her face, sobbing from humiliation. She was too embarrassed to even run out of the office.

*003*2012-02-01 03:05

Glad you both liked it.

But yes, I could have ended it a little better.

