Lula's embarrassing secret

Author: omobecca

*000*2019-10-17 21:43

Hi all,

Sorry I've been inactive for a while. I've been wanting to post more but uni has been busy and I lost interest in talking about myself.

So, from now, when I'm free, I'll turn my own experiences into a story all about Lula. You might recognise some bits from my previous experiences. Please enjoy!

Lula could feel her full stomach wobble as she gently bounced up and down on her chair. Nearly a full day's worth of water and juice was sloshing inside of her and she could feel it bloat against the waistline of her skirt. She slowly squeezed her thighs together, feeling the material of her tights rub together and pick at itself, pulling at a small thread and pinging back into place against her leg. Her feet were crossed under the chair allowing her to keep her legs pressed tightly together. It seemed that any position other than this was less than comfortable.

Lula looked at the clock. Again.

Only three minutes had passed since she last looked. She could hardly concentrate. She wasn't in pain, but was struggling to focus on anything other than holding her bladder. Lula was competent at holding her pee. She often did it for convenience sake and not for anything else. She thought, at 15, she had trained herself not to need to pee whilst at school. It seemed like a good plan; especially with GCSE's coming up over the next two years.

Only another two minutes had passed. Maths was slow and a bore at the best of times but this lesson was dragging. Lula picked at the end of her pen with her teeth. She tapped it against her workbook. She clicked it on and off.

"Ouch" she exclaimed.

"Stop it then" replied Emily, sat next to her. Emily was quietly racing through the questions in the textbook. She was a maths genius. She understood it all. Lula almost hated her for it. She was one of her closest friends, but was incredibly jealous of how well she understood numbers and equations. Lula was more of a creative. She appreciated art, dance, textiles, food, and media; having recently started it for her GCSE's.

Emily had hardly flinched. Other than nudging Lula's elbow she was back at the numbers. Lula sighed. She tried to copy Emily's work on occasion but was never motivated enough to fully care. All she needed was that C to get through life and that's all she wanted.

Lula shuddered due to how hard she was holding. You know, a pee shiver. She wiggled her toes hard to give her a distraction.

"Finish the question you're on then bring your books to the front" stated Mr. Romano, wiping down the whiteboard and making space on the front table.

"One pile of textbooks, one pile of your workbooks".

Lula took a deep breathe, mainly of relief, as she clenched her legs and stood up and awkwardly joined the crowd of students barging their way to the front of the room. Lula was shoved into the corner of a desk. She felt the blunt impact against her right hip and let out a welp. She immediately leaned forwards and pushed the corner of the thick textbook towards her skirt and into her crotch. It was a quick reflex action given her hands were full. She felt the solid textbook thud itself into her crotch and straight in between her lips. At first it was immediately uncomfortable but also acted as a nice block between her knickers and the leak that she could feel waiting to be released. In the rush of the moment she pushed the corner of the book a centimetre inwards then pulled at it upwards, lifting the material of her knickers to make them tight.

She clenched in the hope the small leak wouldn't escape. As she pulled the textbook away she felt a tiny patch-worth of pee dribble out. Her eyes were wide open as she was surrounded by classmates. In the excitement of the last lesson finishing, no one was remotely concerned that she had been pushed into the table. It all happened so quickly. Lula knew she had to recover. She bolted back up right and placed the books int heir respective piles. She could feel her cheeks burning. She knew she was embarrassed. She also knew, and hoped, that it was only the tiniest of leaks. She felt no dribble down er legs and no uncomfortable wet patch so it can't have been that bad.

Back behind her chair, Lula took her pens crouched down to put her equipment in her bag. Whilst crouched, she quickly drove her left hand under her skirt and felt over her crotch. There was the smallest damp patch but everything else was dry. She could live with that. That's happened before. That happens to everyone, right?

Lula took a sigh of relief and stood back up putting her jacket on waiting fro the final bell to ring. She tensed her calves in succession whilst holding sternly. The force of her hold was applying pressure against her bladder, which she thought was incredibly inconvenient.

The bell rang. The class rushed out of the room. It was Friday evening. Everyone was both excited and exhausted. Lula hadn't been paying much attention to anything outside of her little bubble of desperation, bua fter leaving the room she was greeted with a large window and outside a huge downpour.

"Shit" she thought. She pulled her jacket tight and fast walked towards the stairs. As she got closer to the door leading outside she could hear the mumbling of other students, the occasional scream, and the crowds running towards the busses. That was Lula's next job; to find her bus.

The heavy patter or rain hit the tarmac and bounced back up at her shoes and ankles Not only was the October wind cold but so were the raindrops themselves. Only after a few steps she could feel the heavy raindrops bounce off the floor and start soaking her tights above her flat shoes. The cold draft clung at her legs and sent a rush up her skirt. She could feel the crisp air against her crotch making her tense more.

By the time she found her bus, clambered aboard, and found a seat; her jacket was pretty much soaked and she was starting to shiver. Despite having on her white school shirt, blazer, and jacket she was still feeling the autumn cold. She has temporarily forgot about her need to pee but was tensing her whole body on the way to the bus so nothing had really changed. Now she was sat down and not moving, the realisation that she needed to pee came back again. She crunched her toes and felt her now soggy feet squeeze rainwater from her shoes. The rain water puddled at her feet and dribbled towards the back of the bus.

As the busses all pulled away, Lula was bobbing on her seat again with her legs crossed. Luckily her bus wasn't the busiest so she had two seats to herself. Her bag was places on the seat to her left and she was against the window. As she looked out she saw the condensation tip toe its way down the foggy window. She closed her eyes and looked away. She was starting to feel the pain of holding. Looking at droplets wasn't helping. Crunching her toes up and feeling her soggy feet wasn't helping. The bus going over potholes wasn't helping. With no one sat next to her, she places her hands in her lap and pushed her thumbs and forefingers into her crotch to try and help hold. Luckily her school skirt was black so it was difficult to see where it had been rained on. She could feel the damp areas and the dry areas as she applied pressure to her crotch.

The ride was starting to be torturous. Annoyingly, she was becoming thirsty too. As she swallowed some spit she lowered her eyebrows in confusion with herself. How can I be thirsty?

The bus jolted to a halt at Lula's stop. She scrunched her face and hobbled off the bus, thanking the driver. Two other people got off here too. Lule put her hood up and pulled her jacket tight again. She was wiggling her big toes as she walked through the bitter, heavy rain. Corner of the road. Two more roads then it's her road. She stopped and looked. No cars coming down this street. Good. As she stepped into the road, her right foot sunk into a deep puddle she didn't even see. Lula lost her footing slightly and hopped forwards further into the road. She lifted her right foot and slammed it into the ground. It was saturated. Her shoe, her tights; everything up to her ankle.

"Fuck off" she abruptly said to the puddle as she hurried a few more steps to the next pavement. The main road was to her left, which was busy. She was hoping people were too busy concentrating driving in the rain to see her almost fall into the puddle.

Her right foot squelched with every second step. This didn't help the fact she was still quite cold. Next street passed. The rain was dripping off of the front of her hood and onto her nose and cheeks. As well as falling downwards, the wind was blowing the rain side wards as well from her right. With her right foot being soaked and cold, and now the rightside of her body getting progressively wetter, Lula was feeling grumpy. Grumpy and desperate for a pee aren't a good combination.

Feeling all so sorry for herself, she failed to notice yet another puddle. This time, on the road to her right. The main road. With all the cars. She jumped but all too late. A car came from behind her and straight through the puddle. A wave of cold, murky rainwater rose up about half Lula's height and , like a heavy claw catching its prey, engulfed her jacket, bag, and tights. With her vision restricted from her hood her face was hardly affected, but now the whole right hand side of her body was pretty much fully soaked. She looked up angrily but noe one was there to see her expression. She didn't know how to react. All she knows is the shock of the sudden freezing splash made her weaken the tension she was applying to her bladder. She regained control straight away but felt another couple of pee drops leak into her knickers. The difference now was... they were warm. They were the least of her problems though.

She got to her street and turned left. This road was much quieter. She was so incredibly uncomfortable and cold that she couldn't wait to get inside, change her clothes, and warm up. Lula got to her driveway. She walked down the empty tarmac and up to her front door. She leaned forwards and opened up her bag. She pulled the zip into the small pocket which she always put her keys. No. No. NO. The pocket was empty. Lula's expression dropped as she frantically searched through her schoolbag to find her door keys. They weren't there. She looked up at the door. No one was in. She knew that. Her Mum wouldn't be home for at least another forty minutes to an hour. She started to breathe heavily. She was cold. The rain was still cold and heavy.

She was desperate for a pee. She was grumpy; and now she was locked out. Luckily, her front door was covered slightly by an overhang so at least underneath the door was slightly dryer, but certainly not warmer. Lula had been excited of the thought that she could soon use the toilet. You know when you;re nearing a toilet? And your body starts to realise you can soon pee? Ad it becomes harder to hold? That's what Lula was experiencing now. Suddenly she was in pain. She should be indoors by now, sitting on the toilet in a warm room. But no. She knew she had a panicked look on her face as she squeezed her legs together as she stood back up and bobbed on the spot. Lula and her parents didn't know their neighbours very well so asking to go inside would be too awkward. She thought about going to a friend's house who was only about five minutes away but that meant more walking. Holding hurt.

Lula very quickly considered some options. She knew, as a young adult, she should wait. I can't pee here. I can't squat in public. There's nowhere to hide. I CAN'T wet myself. These thoughts were running through her head but the pain was agonising. The rain hadn't calmed down. She was already cold and pretty much wet through. Tears started to well up in her eyes. She felt a twinge in her crotch and a prickle of pain shoot up her stomach. This caused her to loosen her hold. She literally couldn't help it.

A short wave of warm pee instantly shot into her knickers and spread over the crotch of her tights. She felt the warmth dampen the material of the tights and spread to her inner thighs. She managed to clamp down again and continue to hold. She rubbed her legs together and felt the warmth fade. She did realise however, there was no physical difference in feeling. Yes, she had felt warmer for a few seconds but her tights were already wet. She had already been rained and splashed on. Physically... nothing had changed.

Lula knew her options were reducing.

"Fuck" she said quietly to herself and she continued to wince under the pain. She let out a moan and hopped forwards back into the rain. She took one more hop to her left and onto the grass. With another gasp and a moan she closed her eyes and stopped holding. The pain lifted and the rush of the release tickled her waist, hips, and crotch. Her stomach and hips fizzed and the pressure was relieved. With her eyes still closed, standing on the grass, she felt her kickers flood with warm pee. It spread over the front and back of the material and she felt it pool slightly, then soak through, then pool slightly, and soak back through at her butt cheeks. The release of pressure caused the pee to first come out in waves but it eventually evened out into one constant flow. She looked down and saw the glisten of her tights as the fresh warm liquid flowed down her legs.

There were a few droplets from where it was falling directly downwards but it was mostly sticking to the tights which were stuck against her skin. Whilst most of it dribbled into the grass, she felt the bottom of her feet get warm and her white socks went a pale beige colour on the insides of her legs. She was breathing heavily. In both a state of disbelief and euphoria she continued to look down and see what was happening. Despite fully wetting herself, Lula tried to clamp and start holding again but would immediately release and let it flow. This felt unnatural and taboo. Christ this felt like it was going on forever. Droplets were starting to fall from the front of Lula's skirt from where the wind had blown it towards her soaking tights. She considered again how her skirt was black so nothing would actually show up but she was very aware this was her school uniform she was peeing in.

The flow started to weaken and Lula started to shake her legs. Not that it made any difference whatsoever. She stood in disbelief for a while, still in the pouring rain, contemplating what had just happened. In a way, she was more relieved than anything. She was no longer in pain and, for now, had warm legs. Her crotch started to tickle which was very odd. The feeling of disgust had gone and Lula was now feeling very strange. Satisfied almost. That wasn't as totally awful as she thought it would be. Given the circumstance, she thought she was taking it all quite well but she was worried why she was taking it much better than she had anticipated. Her biggest concern was... that felt nice.

Lula brought her palm to the inside of her left leg and felt up the material of the tights. They were stuck to the skin of the leg, drenched. She sniffed at her hand. Smelt like pee. Duh.

Now that was all over, she continued to stand in the rain. Slowly coming back to reality she walked back underneath he overhang atop the front door. She was dripping slightly, but that was due to the rain as well. Despite having no one to speak to, everything seemed very silent. Even the sound of the rain and occasional car seemed subdued. What is this feeling?

Whilst in this strange state, her Mum pulled up in her car with a funny look on her face. She laughed whilst getting out of the car.

"Forgot my key" said Lula, still red in the face but trying to act as innocent as possible.

"I see! You're wet!" her mum joked. Lula jumped at the phrase You're wet. Obviously, it's raining; but it seemed as if her Mum was talking directly about the actual wetting.

"From the rain..." Lula responded,

"... obviously?" Her Mum replied, oblivious to the fact it could be from anything else. Lula laughed nervously.

Once inside, Lula looked down and saw the beige stain still on her socks. She whipped off her drenched shoes and pulled the socks off then bolted back uptight. She threw the shoes by the back door to dry and grasped the socks in her right hand. She could feel liquid rinse into her hand and she knew some of that was pee; but she couldn't let her Mum see the stains. Nerves kicked back in and she was adamant she'd be found out. Lula clambered upstairs, dropped her school bag on her bedroom floor and picked up her cosy pyjamas. She ran into the bathroom and locked the door. Safety. She took a large breath and felt fully relaxed. She felt safe.

Lula pulled her skirt down and off. She observed her tights. There was no obvious wet patch. They were just damp overall. She pulled the tights down slightly and looked at her knickers. Her pink knickers, with dark blue bow, were obviously peed in. You could tell from the position of the darkness on the material. The top part of the material was dryer, being saved from the bottom of her jacket and blazer. There was no denying these had been peed in. She gently ran her hand over the knickers and started to feel tingly again. This was weird. Nice, but weird.

Now being in the safety of a locked bathroom, Lula got the weirdest of thoughts. I could just... sit on the toilet and pee again?... Through my clothes. People don't purposefully wet themselves... but I could?... And get away with it... again? These thoughts made her tingle more. She started breathing heavily again and became excited. Almost without hesitation, Lula pulled her tights back up, lifted the toilet seat and sat down. After a while she felt the front of her knickers warm up again as the glow of fresh pee layered the material and soaked downwards, wetting a dryer part of the material above her ass.

Lula didn't know what to do with herself. She closed her eyes. She leaned backwards. She looked at the material getting wetter. What do you do with yourself when you're wetting? So many new thoughts were racing through her mind. This pee didn't last as long but she definitely felt wetter. With this second intentional soaking, Lula suddenly jerked her legs and she felt her knickers get wet again, but this time not with pee. It was the singe most best experience in her life and it lasted nor more than two seconds. She gasped and quietly screeched, taking two sharp inhales. Wow.

With the moment over, Lula'd heightened mood was lost and all she could think of was guilt. Guilt and dirtiness. Why would I do that? Why DID I do that? I didn't need to do that. What do I do now? Her mind was racing again.

She undressed completely and wiped herself down with a fresh towel. She wrapped all of the wet uniform up together with the intention to hide it in her room and wash it herself later with some other clothes. She put on her new, fresh, cosy pyjamas and carefully unlocked the bathroom door. Not that her Mum would be waiting outside it, but nervousness was kicking in big time. She crept back to her room and closed the door.

What the fuck just happened...?

$$

*008*2019-10-20 19:05

After last week's incident, Lula had been feeling quite low. She could not forget the thrill of what happened. At the same time, she knew she should feel dirty and guilty. Every time she thought this however, she was overwhelmed by excitement.

She had double and triple checked that she had her door keys every day since last Friday. She would suddenly panic in school and check her bag to make sure they were still there. Her mind was telling her that it can never happen again. Her mind was also telling her to do it again and feel the same level of excitement. The last week had been mentally draining for Lula as she battled between 15 years of learning to hold her pee to seven days of wanting to wet herself again. it's all she could think of every day at school. It's all she could think of when she got home. Suddenly, anything pee or toilet related became overly awkward in conversation and she would blush and shy away from talking about it. No one knew what happened last week but it seemed, all of a sudden, that people would know if she talked about anything under the same topic.

A few times over the last week, Lula had attempted to hold all day whilst at school. She thought that if she were to hold until really desperate then she might get the same sensation she did just before she wet... but without having to actually wet. She was realising the sensation of feeling 'full' made her feel different.. the way it felt slightly bloating, they way it put pressure onto her stomach and crotch, the way it was a constant feeling. She knew she could now make herself feel 'horny'. She felt disgusted that this is how she could force the feeling but again, the feeling of disgust never lasted long and she would always become flustered.

What Lula was really waiting for was another rainy day. She knew she wanted to wet again, or attempt to, but was scared about how to do it. Her biggest concern was being found out and couldn't bring herself to do it in the privacy of her own house. She knew the only reason she got away with it last time was because of the rain. So maybe that was the best way to get away with it?

It was the Thursday after last week's incident. Lula had another day of thinking about ways she could satisfy her urge. It had started to rain since lunch but nowhere near as heavy as last week. By the end of the school day, Lula had successfully held and not gone to the toilet. She was a good 7/10 by the time she got to her bus. As the bus drove off she was clenching her legs and controlling her breathing. The vibrations of the bus, the near fullness of her bladder, and her desire to try and wet again were working together to stimulate her emotions.

By the time she got off at her stop it was still raining. Again, not heavily, but enough to dampen someone's clothes if they were out for too long. As Lula walked down the street she had a light bulb moment and literally double took and blinked at her own thought. She had fearfully done it before in very small amounts, but she thought since she was so close to home she could let out spurts? Or let some small leaks out? Sure she was out in public but drivers would be too busy to watch or even consider what she was doing... and wouldn't see, right? She wouldn't do it if people were walking towards her or behind her, that would be too risky. Luckily, at this moment, those who got off the bus with her had dispersed and, other than the cars, there were few people walking around.

Lula looked at the ground and saw that everything was wet because of the rain. This was good. IF she dribbled or leaked too much then no wet trail would be left underneath her. Her bladder was bloating her and the thought of letting some pee release made her tingle downstairs. The overwhelming excitement started to build again. She would relax and tense up almost immediately. This is so wrong. What are you doing? Do it. Why? Don't pee yourself. Christ, do it. People might see. You're not a baby. DO IT.

With that last contrasting thought, Lula relaxed and pushed slightly whilst she walked. Within seconds she felt the rush of pee move within her and a wave of warmth layered her underwear. She gasped and tensed. She felt the warm pee soak through both her underwear and her tights and dribble down her right leg to about half way down her thigh. She wanted to touch the wetness. She wanted to feel her inner thigh. Lula had never actively practised a poker face but she knew her face was probably giving away everything. She felt her cheeks get warm where she started to blush and was erratically moving her head and eyes to see if anyone was around her.

As Lula turned into her street she felt the dampened material of her tights rub against her inner thighs and her dampened underwear hug her vagina. With her house in sight, Lula took another risk and relaxed again. This time she let more out. She released for a good two to three seconds before clamping her legs together as she felt her crotch soak and felt droplets of pee fall from between her legs onto the pavement. She did not plan for that to happen. Where she pushed her legs together so quickly, the dribble of pee ran between her legs, down her tights, and fell below her from her knees. This caused both of her thighs to dampen.

Trying to carry on walking normally, Lula only halted and squirmed quickly so not to draw attention to herself. Her heart was pounding as she speed walked towards her front door. Having now released a smaller and a larger wave of pee, she was now ready to burst. She instantly regretted her actions and was starting to panic. As her flat shoes patted against the road as she crossed, holding was becoming painful. The excitement disappeared as she began to fear what was about to happen. Being so close to home, she could feel her body giving in. She almost jumped up her driveway and dropped her bag to get her key out. She knew she had it as she checked earlier.

As she leaned over to go through her bag, she made one of the quickest decisions of her life yet. Despite a little hesitation, Lula quickly considered what she wanted to do and dragged her bag to the right onto the grass, behind the garden bushes. She fell to her knees on the wet grass, pretty much where she wet last week, and sat down into it. Her thighs laid out in front of her, her knees bent, and her calves flattened against the grass either side of her thighs. The sides of her hips rested against her shoes. She pulled her skirt from underneath her and let it sit down the back of her body. Her tights and underwear were now sitting directly onto the wet grass, hovering slightly as she rested on her shoes. Lula opened her bag again but this time without the intention to find her keys. She took a deep breathe and closed her eyes. With this she relaxed all her muscles and started wetting straight away.

Lula felt the pee flood into her dampened underwear and layer against her skin. She felt if spread over the material of her tights and up towards her butt cheeks. The rush of euphoria felt heavy as Lula let the pee flow. She could feel it run and drop towards her ankles and into her shoes. This concerned her a little bit but wasn't about to stop. As well as the rain hitting the grass, she could identify the sound of her pee soaking the ground below her. She continued for a good 20 seconds. It felt like longer. After a while Lula began to look around but she knew no one was walking past. She was desperate to feel herself and her clothes, but no way could she do it in public. She bobbed a few times as she finished peeing so that no droplets would fall as she stood up. She had no idea if her skirt had been wet but she felt the pee in her shoes.

As she opened her front door she took her shoes off as she entered. Lula quickly realised she was leaving wet footprints from her tights on the carpet. She could feel pee droplets falling beneath her. Panic set in again. Lula knew she had about half an hour to get changed and start washing her clothes before her Mum got home. MY CLOTHES. Lula's fear rose again as she realised this set of uniform was what she was supposed to wear to school tomorrow. Lula had a few sets of clothes to pair up for uniform but to help make sure she didn't produce so much washing in one week, she'd only wear two sets and change over either Wednesday or Thursday. This set of clothed only went on this morning.

Lula hopped and skipped up the stairs and into the bathroom. Realising she was still leaving wet footprints over the carpets she clambered into the bathtub after locking the door. Lula stood there feeling awfully strange. She had wet again. She had waited nearly a week to do this. Not only was she feeling tingly but scared. Did she have less of an excuse this time to have wet clothes? She looked down at the white bath and noticed a yellow tinted liquid dripping at her feet. She scrunched her toes and felt the pee between her toes. This was it.

Suddenly her emotions overthrew her thought process and she started feeling her tights all over. She could feel the grittiness of the tights as she grabbed and pulled at them. Her underwear was saturated and they leaked over her hands as she applied pressure into them. That was... wow. Her legs wobbled slightly as she rubbed her hands between her thighs and towards her underwear. She shivered as she touched herself and almost fell backwards against the wall. Lula voluntarily pushed and felt the last rush of pee burst out of her against her hand. She used the pee to feel around and touch herself.

You don't get to read the next bit as that's Lula's private time ;)

Lula sat in the bathtub pretty soaked. As she came down from her massive high she checked her phone and saw she had only about 10 minutes until her Mum was home. Panic again. Major panic. She COULD NOT be seen like this. She jumped up and felt her feet splash against the puddle of liquids in the bath. She pulled off her tights and dried her feet off with a towel. She unlocked the bathroom to check the carpet. The wet footprints weren't as bad as she had previously thought. She sprung across the landing and into her bedroom to grab some clean clothes. She scrambled around her floor to find if any other clothes needed washing. Lula found yesterdays school clothes. She knew that her tights and skirt would definitely need to be washed and those she wore earlier on in the week weren't unwearable or dirty. No one would notice a swap.

Lula quickly manoeuvred around the house, in just her school shirt and wet underwear, and threw some clothes into the washing machine, including her newly wet tights and skirt. She next made her way back to the bathroom, locked the door, and began running a bath. It was autumn, and cold, and rainy. No one would question her taking a bath. Lula also knew she needed to clean the bath so two birds with one stone. She pulled off her white shirt and stood in front of the long mirror. Lula stared at her body in just her bra and underwear. Her knickers were soaked with pee and cum. There was a more than obvious line from where the top of her knickers were still pink but everything else was dark burgundy.

She couldn't look at herself in the face due to disgust. She was starting to learn the high was good but the aftermath was messy and degrading. As she moved her hips around she could feel the cold, wet knickers slip and slide against her. Again however, she didn't feel dirty, just wrong. Lula slipped out of her underwear and dropped her bra to the floor and started to soak in her nice, hot bath. Slowly but surely she began to calm down and started to think. In amongst the bubbles and smell of lavender she knew she enjoyed the feeling of wetting. It was difficult to admit to herself but there was no denying it.

*012*2019-10-25 01:04

Being nearly two weeks into realising she liked pee, Lula had learned the meanings of words such as 'fetish', 'kink', and more specifically 'omorashi'. Lula felt as if she was maturing knowing these more 'adult' words and slowly increasing her knowledge of sexual things. She still felt disgusted though. Obviously people at school talk and joke about sex but omo is never brought up. It's dirty. It's taboo. She believed most or not all people her age didn't even know it was a thing. You're taught not to wet yourself. Despite feeling more grown up in herself knowing about it she still felt embarrassed to know it, let alone like it.

Still however, Lula continued to enjoy the bus ride home from school as she would challenge herself to be able to hold the duration of the school day then not leak on the journey home. The fact she could be exciting herself in such a way but in complete secrecy added to the naughtiness; of which she still felt guilty but the satisfaction usually outweighed that. Every day Lula would think up new ways she could explore this 'fetish' and satisfy her new found urges. She still hadn't fully wet since last week when she lost control in her garden again. She felt as if there was less of an excuse for her to do it that time since it hadn't been raining as much. That didn't stop her from fantasising though.

The most exciting thought Lula had come up with was somehow wetting in public without anyone knowing. She still had yet to think of how that could be done but would always start to panic and get too scared to even consider doing it. She would sit in class and suddenly lose herself fantasising about letting go on the plastic chair and feeling her pee pool in the seat then drip to the floor. She would fantasise about sitting on the bus home and flooding the fabric seat, assuming it would all absorb and she would get away with it. She felt funny thinking about using the toilet in school but peeing through her underwear over the toilet whenever she needed to go then pulling up her tights and skirt pretending like nothing happened.

On this particular day, Lula was on her way to her last lesson of PE. Whilst away in thought entering the changing rooms she felt a wave of consideration flood through her as she considered her PE skort. At a bench, she dropped her bags down and pulled out her PE kit. The clothes consisted of a silky rugby style collared shirt with the school colours of black and royal blue. She also had a skort of the same colours. The outside material was of a similar silky feel but on the inside it had a built in pair of tight shorts which were black lycra. The idea is that the skort protected the female student's decency when playing sports. Lula rubbed the inner lycra between her fingers. The smooth material felt comfortable between her fingers.

She stretched it only for it to regain its shape after. Imagine peeing in these. They're covered by the skirt, even if it only comes down above her knees. She had only wet her knickers so far which were all cotton. This lycra hugged at her body and would feel amazing. She was sure of it. But how? When? If at all? She couldn't possibly attempt anything during the lesson. That would be social suicide. But after? What if she wore them home? Yes! She had a plan. As Lula got changed she pulled the skort her legs and felt the smooth lycra gently feel up her legs as she pulled them up to her waist. She could immediately feel the waistband of the skort tighten around her waist and the inner shorts hug around her underwear. She had never paid this much attention to how certain clothes felt; but the only reason she was now paying attention was to imagine how they felt wet. Weird. That turned her off for a second, but allowed her to focus on getting changed and prepared for the lesson.

A few very serious and competitive netball games later, Lula's class made their way from the sports hall back to the changing rooms. House points were at stake for the winning teams so most of the girls put their all into their games. Lula's forehead had been dripping with sweat. The energy in the hall made the room quite warm. Back in the changing room, Lula took some sips from her bottle and pulled at her shirt, airing her body. She could feel sweat droplets over her head and around her chest. Unfortunately, anywhere on her body that was being hugged by clothing she knew was fairly sweaty.

The school policy was that all students have to leave school in uniform, not PE kit, so all the girls were rushing to get changed in time to leave as the bell rang. Lula took the PE shirt off and replaced it with her white school shirt and tie. She could feel the shirt cling to her chest and back. She hated the feeling. There was a faint smell of body odour in the changing room as each of the girls were changing. This was quickly replaced with both cheap and more expensive aromas of perfume. Lula used the PE shirt to rub down her skin and around her breasts. As she rubbed around her bra, she could feel dampness in the material where her perky assets were being kept in place.

As she went to pull down the skort she felt that both the lycra and her underwear were damp too.; not from pee, but from sweat. She was by no means drenched, or even wet, but just dampened. Her knickers were white with black a black and pink rose pattern on the outside, whilst the inside material was all plain white. She could make out the faintest of damp patches against the material. She felt the inside of the skort and felt the same. She stared for a few seconds and the thoughts started to come back. If these were already damp then... they need washing then... pee in them? She started to feel giddy as she felt she had an excuse to pee in them all.

Lula took the skort completely off and replaced her tights. She then also replaced the skort with the lycra shorts now on the outside of her tights. She felt comfy layered up like this. She couldn't think of the words to describe the comfort. This wasn't that weird either. A lot of girls would wear their sjort under their skirt if it was cold or if they'd damaged their tights. Lula had once again successfully held all day and never actually felt the need to pee badly. She finished getting changed and finished off her bottle. The bell rang and the girls swarmed out of the changing room. Lula felt as if she was hiding something, wearing so many layers. She had nothing to hide yet though.

She took her usual seat on the bus, near the back on the right and against the window, and waited for it to pull away from the school. No one she knew travelled on this bus with her as most of her friends walked home or lived on a different estate. Lula was 'lucky' enough to live on one of the newer estates. As the bus set off Lula started to realise her need to pee. On this single decker bus, only 20 or so students rode it home. Lula always managed to get a double seat to herself and placed her bag on the aisle seat. With her need to pee increasing, she started to re-imagine scenarios in which she could wet what she was wearing. Giving a quick look around to make sure people weren't paying any attention to her whatsoever, she pulled her outer school skirt from underneath her so she was sitting straight onto the bus seat in only her skort.

Surely with this many layers on some pee will be absorbed? Hesitantly, Lula relaxed for a few seconds. Nothing. She looked around again to see if her behaviour was drawing any attention. Still no. She relaxed again and felt pressure relieve from her bladder. Still nothing. She shifted her position and placed her left leg on the seat underneath her right. This lifted her bum off the seat slightly but it was enough to allow pee to flow on her next moment of relaxation. She felt the pee shoot into her knickers and disperse both up and downwards.

The compression caused by the layers of clothes forced her pee not only to soak the immediate area but to flood outwards too. Lula gasped and clenched her whole body. This drew some attention from the Year 11 girl sat in front of her who looked up from her phone. Lula saved the motion by gently coughing a few times. The girl looked back down at her phone. Definitely too risky, Lula thought. She rubbed over the lycra over her crotch and felt it had dampened more but no pee had leaked onto the seat. Huh, she thought. Interesting.

With her crotch definitely warmer than before, Lula made her way off the bus at her stop and started to make her way home. She knew this journey would end with a wetting but this is how the last two happened. She was by no means fully desperate but knew she'd pee if she wanted to. The main road was as busy as ever with cars building up on the road to her right. As she reached her street she considered standing in her garden again and seeing how much the layers of clothes could hold before she felt a leak. Lula smiled at the thought. She played with the sensation by relaxing and clenching rapidly as she walked.

At her front door she rummaged through her bag for her key. As she stood there she relaxed for a longer while and felt another wave of pee flood and absorb into the layers of clothes. She clenched as she put the key into the door. The smallest of dribbles made its way down Lula's right leg. As she walked inside, the warmth and odd heaviness of her crotch felt strangely more comforting. She locked the door, dropped her bags, and made her way to the bathroom. Lula inspected any damage. Her outer skirt was okay but the backside of her skort was dampened. If you looked hard enough you'd see a change in darkness of the black material but you wouldn't notice it if you weren't looking. She felt the material of the lycra and her hand dampened as she ran her fingers over it. Lula made a 'mmmmm' sound out loud as she inhaled deeply. She put her hand underneath her tights and felt the ridges of her mound outside of her knickers. Wet, of course. She still needed to pee.

Without hesitation, Lula removed her school skirt then sat straight down on the toilet. She leaned back and fully relaxed. A few seconds later she felt her whole crotch warm up as each layer of clothing became saturated. She felt a literaly wave of pee make its way down towards her backside and get collected by the silky fabric of the skort. Her crotch started to feel heavier as the layers of clothes absorbed all they could. She iconic sound of pee hitting the toilet water started at first as droplets then as a torrent. Lula placed her legs together to feel her pee soaked legs but this caused a quick issue. As her thighs met, the pee now had a ridge to run down. As she continued to pee she suddenly felt the inside of her thighs dampen and then her knees.

The sound of the pee hitting the toilet was now matched by it hitting the tiled floor as well. Her tights dampened to her knees then the pee dribbled down her calves as well. As she realised what was happening she quickly pulled her legs apart again. As she did, the pee which was running between her legs fell and further soaked her thighs and tights. Lula placed both hands over her crotch and felt an outer layer of pee on the outside of the lycra shorts. The liquid oozed between her fingers. The torrent began to calm down and soon became a dribble and then nothing. Lula pushed and forced out a few more bursts of pee but she was all out. She sat there almost completely soaked from the waist down. Without hesitation she slipped hr hand underneath her tights again and began to pleasure herself outside of her knickers. She could both hear and feel the squelch and the slap as she rubbed the tips of her fingers up and down. It didn't take long.

That was the best wetting experience Lula had had so far. She was in a state of euphoria for a while as she just sat there soaked, getting colder, pleasured. She felt again the lycra and realised it had started to get cold. Then came the feeling of shame and disgust. What was she doing? This is stupid. This is school uniform. I need to wear this again. Lula undressed until she was wearing just her bra and soaked, well used knickers. As she attempted to admire her reflection she felt cute again, stood in just her underwear. With a funny sensation coming over her again she wondered if a boy would ever like to see her like this.. wet as well.

She noticed that the outside of her knickers didn't appear evidently wet given the coloured flower patterns. However, the inside were visibly rained. Not badly, but there was an obvious line between dry and wet. The gusset was wrinkled and slightly discoloured a faint yellow. A thought hit Lula. These would be her wetting knickers. She'd hide them in her room, spray them with perfume, and wet them when at home. She wondered how long it would take for the inside to be stained and then also the outside. She deceived that long term she would be able to see how long a pair of knickers could last before it was obvious they were wet in. Exciting times lay ahead.

*014*2019-10-26 23:47

It was last day of the autumn term. This could only mean one thing.... Non uniform day!

Lula flopped out of bed and stretched. She had a morning routine now which allowed her to satisfy her 'pee needs', which she called it to herself. Lula kept boxes of old toys, childhood memories, and books and such under her bed. This was her little area of storage. Her parents hated clutter and kept the loft pretty much empty except from Christmas decorations. Right at the far back of her bed, against the wall, Lula kept a carrier bag within a carrier bag within a box. Wrapped up in these bags were her white knickers with the black and red floral pattern on the outside. She squinted at the pee smell whenever she opened the bags fully. She would always spray the inside of the bags with perfume but the aroma of stale pee was always evident when she pulled them back out.

Back to her new routine, however. Lula slipped out of her long fleecy pyjama bottoms and pulled on her pee knickers. She felt the slight dampness brush against her thighs as she pulled them up to her crotch, where they felt cold as the material clung to her skin. She pulled her pyjama bottoms back on, grabbed her towel from her radiator and made her way to the bathroom for her morning shower. Se locked the door, undressed all bar the panties, and stood in the bathtub. As she had done the past few mornings, she turned on the shower then stood at the other end of the bathtub. As the water warmed up and made the ever so important distracting sound of water hitting the tub, she squeezed her legs together and released.

The pee quickly re-saturated the gusset of her knickers and layered over the dry skin of her legs. Her vagina tingled as the pee released and hit the material. The inside of her legs dripped with the warm, yellow morning pee. She felt it splatter on and around her feet. It flowed down towards the plughole and was washed away by the shower water. Lula had found that since she started doing this each morning she was less inclined to want to wet on the way home from or after school. This was she could do it then be clean straight after.

Not that she needed to; but it felt right, Lula sucked on her forefinger and middle finger on her right hand then started to masturbate over the top of the wet knickers. She forced her fingers in slightly and felt the wet material slip inside herself. It didn't take long for her to climax. Again, doing all of this in the shower made her feel less disgusted about her new habit. Lula was also convincing herself this was her exploration of sexuality so, in fact, good and healthy. She knew it was only her excuse to make her feel less guilty though.

As she went to slip out of the knickers she had a new light bulb moment. What if I showered IN the knickers? They'd be cleaner then and smell less? She had already made up her mind. Before stepping underneath the shower she rubbed up and down her legs and wet both her hands with the pee that she had just rinsed herself with. She rubbed her wet hands over her stomach, chest and breasts. She knew she came across as innocent in school, and to be honest she was anyway, so having this dirty secret was exhilarating.

Lula examined the outside of her knickers and the stain she had created in the white material. She was almost proud, weirdly. She pulled them forward and looked down at herself. The inside of the knickers were considerably more yellowed. Her secret. Her enjoyment.

After washing herself she rinsed the panties into the tub to try and get rid of all excess water. They, too, now smelled like raspberries.

Lula chose her tighter fitting black jeans to wear. She also donned any old T Shirt and one of her favourite thick jumpers where the sleeves were slightly too long. She liked it as it kept her hands warm when she scrunched up the excess sleeve in her palms. She also decided on a pair of royal blue knickers. She liked everything she was wearing. She had no intention of wetting again today. She spent the time to semi-curl her hair. She wanted to feel cute not wearing the school's uniform. She admired herself in her mirror as her dark brown hair curled and bobbed as she moved her head left and right. She liked the way what she was wearing hugged her skin but the jumper was more loose and comforting.

Fast forward school... Lula took a deep breathe and sighed at the chaotic day. When students wore their own clothes they seemed to think any rules were non-existent. Two lessons had been disturbed today by students pressing the fire alarm. Quite a big fight happened at lunch time. Some roofing had been damaged in a corridor which caused the roof to leak. All fun and games! The hassle of the day proved too exciting for most students and everyone seemed to be too distracted. This included Lula. As she stepped out, once again, into the pouring rain she hastily made her way to her bus. Normal seat, as usual. As Lula sat there she felt a 'twang' in her stomach. Her facial expression dropped. She hadn't thought of anything omo related since her shower that morning. She also hadn't peed since that shower this morning. Sudden;y the day's worth of liquids seemed to ambush her at once now she had sat down and was relaxing.

Shit, she thought to herself. It was fine though. She hadn't gone straight to a 10/10, more like a 6-7. She became angry at herself for ignoring the urge all day. As the bus moved off the wiped the window down to see outside. The condensation wet her sleeve and she flinched as she then leaned in on the now cold, wet thickness bundled in her right hand. Lula had her left hand pushed into her crotch. She was intermittently moving her thumb up and down gently, feeling the jumper rub against the outside of her jeans. She kept tensing at her bladder as she had done many times before. Tense, let go. Tense, let go. Tense let go. Not enough to allow herself to pee, but enough to tease herself.

As she walked off the bus and down the street she was battling her own thoughts. I could wet. No. I could though? No. I've not wet jeans yet. No. I'm not that wet from the rain though. No. What if I went through some puddles. No. I don't have to wet though. Exactly. Mmm my thighs are rubbing as I walk, imagine them glide against each other soaked in pee. NO. She was properly conflicted.

Lule walked slightly slower than normal, maybe to try and give her extra time to become more desperate. She knew where all the big puddles were so struggled not to accidentally walk into them. She walked close to the edge of the pavement in the hope a car might splash through a puddle and wet her. Her traffic was too slow to be at a high enough speed for that to happen. Everything was telling her not to wet. Her heart rate was increasing though. Imagine what it would feel like. NO. I've not been all day. NO. I''m... sort of wet from the rain? NO. How dark blue would my knickers get? NO. Would the jeans stick to my skin? NO. In the bathtub? NO. Outside again? NOOO.

As she walked and tried to think of any excuse she could giver herself to actually go through with the wetting, she felt as if she was now at a 8/9 out of 10. The need had come on quite quickly now she knew she was getting closer to home; and had sort of conditioned her body over the past few weeks to want to pee around this time. As Lula reached the end of her driveway she began fumbling for her keys already. She was squeezing her thighs together. Maybe a bit...?

And with that one thought, she softened the tension she was holding under and felt the rush of pee inside her flow from er bladder to her panties. As she took the steps towards her front door, a shot of pee spread over the inside of her left thigh and dribble down to her shoes. She clamped herself and stopped the flow. Damn was she now in the mood for more. Goddamn you stupid bitch. NO. Why did I do that? I'm so close to the toilet. I like these jeans. I'm not even that wet from the rain. No. No. No. No. Wow that felt good.

Lula twisted the key and opened the door slightly. Before stepping inside she relaxed again and let another spurt cover the inside of her legs. Without inspecting the damage she walked inside and closed the door. She kicked off her shoes and ran up to the bathroom. Lula examined her body in the mirror. the inside of her legs showed a slightly obvious darker black than the dry areas of her jeans. There was less of a wet patch than she'd thought there would be though. Whilst looking in the mirror she was bouncing slightly whilst holding. Lula took a step back and clambered into the bath tub once again. She stood where she had done that morning and put the palms of her hands over her crotch.

She looked down and watched as the flow of pee glistened and shone outside of the black denim. The warmth spread over the material like nothing she'd experience before with just panties or tights. This time the stain was obvious, despite the jeans being black. The stain was staying. The creases around her knees collected some pee then it dribbled down itself. The shine of white as the pee saturated the jeans was slightly mesmerising. The warmth ran underneath her ass and the backs of her legs started to become soaked as well. Lula was peeing more than she thought she needed to. Lost in the moment, she suddenly forgot any doubts she had on the journey home. She placed her open palms on her legs and felt the liquid build up against her fingers then cover them also.

Lula wanted to make the most of this moment. She was losing herself in the mood and in the heart pumping naughtiness. Her leg jerked and she felt herself once again collapsing down onto the base of the tub. She was now sitting in her own puddle. She pulled her jumper off with her damp hands and began to sink further down the tub. The bottom of her T Shirt was now sitting in the pee and she grabbed her breasts with her wet hands. As she fondled herself she moved her legs in and around the pee, soaking more of the denim. She pulled her hands down her T Shirt and towards her crotch. She began to gently touch over the softened. wet denim over her knickers. Denim was always rough to touch. Feeling it soft and damp was nice. Lula closed her eyes and slipped one hand underneath her jeans. She arched her back upwards as her fingers touched her knickers.

*Clink* *Thump*

"Luuuuullaaaaaa" called her Mum from downstairs.

*020*2019-10-28 20:17

I've got two ideas for the next chapter.

Should Lula get caught or not get caught?

