Story writing competition - part IV - Page 2

Author: Flush

*025*2013-08-01 18:58

{{:

That's okay. This sight is mostly for males, poor females have such a hard time finding content here though.

}}

Oh sorry, didn't see you edited your post afterwards :)

Eheh... yeah I kind of focused on a female character in the scenario, right? :P Therefore, ladies and gentlemen* - THE REASON WHY:

In the first two competitions, I wrote the scenario without mentioning genders, and all the submissions were female stories, in both competitions.

I have no problem against male stories, not a single problem. It's just thought there was no interest...

SO: Thank you for pointing out that there IS (some) interest :) I'll make sure that I write the scenario differently next time.

*see, I can be non-discriminating too :)

As for the rest;

Fifteen more days until the end of the competition; I hope the stories are getting along nicely and that writer's block doesn't occure :)

Just a quick heads up from the judging team; while the story length isn't specified, please know that we'd rather not want read stories that are fifty pages long...

In my first post I stated that "750-3000 words is probably a nice goal"... but the actual story length is up to you, off course. In the judging team, we were talking about a 10000 word limit... so that's probably also a nice goal for an absolute maximum.

*028*2013-08-16 08:46

August 16 over here in Europe, as well as for the rest of the world (except for Alaska and some countries in the Pacific Ocean), that means that the submission period for stories is closing... If your story isn't in yet, send it to me by PM as soon as possible.

I will prepare the "judging package" later today - your job is done and now it's time to judge your masterpieces - I have no ETA for when we will announce the winners (I hope before the end of the month)

Thanks for your submissions so far!

