Wet and Wild: A Steamy Encounter

Author: GirlsLovePee

*000*2023-04-23 11:52

Liz was not open about her sexuality. She was slim and dark-haired, wore her hair short, and had an expressive face. However, she usually looked very worried with squinted eyes. She seemed like a girl who took life very seriously. I met her at the grocery store where I did my shopping. She bought a bag full of groceries that turned out to be almost too heavy to lift, so I took care of it and asked her where she needed to go. It turned out to be a few streets away, not far from where I lived.

She had a flat in an old house with high, steep stairs. She thanked me and asked if I wanted a beer. I gladly accepted because it gave me the opportunity to stay with her longer. She fascinated me excessively, I had no steady girlfriend and could do as I pleased. Soon I found out that she worked at a real estate agency in the city center. She was twenty years old, so still young and four years younger than me.

When I went out with her, it soon became apparent that the outwardly serious Liz was a lively girl. She could have fun, but I must admit that she never flirted with other men in my presence. She also never wore flashy clothes, usually dark shades like gray and black. When she became ecstatic, she looked so delighted that she turned into a beauty.

I noticed that on the third day, after we had been out and had a drink at her place. Liz played records, and we made out a bit. She allowed me to lift her sweater and stroke the bare skin of her belly. Even when I unhooked her bra, she didn't make a sound, she kissed me passionately and apparently enjoyed me touching her firm naked breasts with my fingers. We sat on a low, backless couch and fell down together. She kicked off her shoes, I did the same, and we had a wild love affair. I slowly took off her clothes, pulled down her pants, and finally had her completely naked.

She remained still as I undressed myself and lay with a hard penis against her. My hand glided over her pubic mound and I began stroking her pussy. I fingered between her thighs and found a wet vagina. With a thrust, I was on top of her and between her legs. I inserted my penis into her vagina and felt her slender, nimble body tremble. She fucked as fiercely as I did, as if she was starving and craving for sex. Her hot body lustfully curved under me and she quickly came. Loud, moaning sighs proved that she enjoyed it. I was horny for her and ejaculated. It was a wonderful feeling to feel my penis ejaculate and let the sperm flow into her vagina.

For the first time, I saw that delighted expression on her face. She looked so lovely that while the sperm flowed out of me, I kissed her passionately. Liz wrapped her arms around my back and pressed me tightly against her small breasts. She was a great girl to come in, and I moaned and groaned with pleasure.

In the months that followed, a close relationship developed between Liz and me. One evening, we had a few beers at her home. That happened often before we started making love. This time she had almost forced it on me, constantly refilling my glass and taking one bottle of beer after another. She had also had a fair share herself. I became a bit dizzy and horny from the alcohol. Because I finally wanted to make love, I got up and wanted to leave the room, heading to the toilet.

Liz, who was watching my every move with suspicion, jumped out of her chair and blocked my path. She leaned her back against the door and looked up at me with teasing eyes. She was almost a head shorter than me, so she had to look up. Besides that mischievous expression, there was also something else, a questioning look that was also a bit lustful. I didn't understand what she wanted from me as she held me and opened my zipper. Her hand groped in my pants and pulled out my dick.

It did get a bit hard, but I needed to pee first before I could do anything.

She pulled down the zipper of her jeans and pushed my cock into her pants, against her panties. She looked like a sweet little mouse in her gray sweater and light gray corduroy pants. I kissed her, she was wild and passionate.

"Let me pee first," I said, "then we can make love."

"Just pee," she said. "Pee." She looked up at me with her dark eyes, with a questioning, almost pleading expression. It dawned on me what she meant, what she wanted from me. It took my breath away and I stuttered.. "But Liz… you don't mean... that I pee on you..."

"Yes," she gasped, "pee in my pants. I'm feeling crazy..

Come on..." She stroked my dick and pushed her hand against my bladder, whispering continuously: "pee then...

Pe on me... let it run into my pants."

It sounded so urgent, so convincing, that I gave in. If she liked it, I would do it. I needed to go so badly that I could hardly hold it anymore. It would be a pleasure to let it flow. She kept looking at me and I took her narrow face between my hands. As we looked into each other's eyes, I relaxed the sphincter and peed on her. I knew exactly how the stream found its way, as if I could see it. Her panties got wet, then her pubic hair. It ran down her stomach into her crotch, along her thighs and soaked her pant legs. A glow of lust appeared in her eyes, she stood with her legs together and must, there was no other way, feel the warm urine running down her.

Her lips parted, her fingers moved my semi-erect penis back and forth against her belly. She started whispering: "Just let it go.. I'm doing it now too... I'm peeing in my pants... we're peeing together in my pants... ooh... Jake.” She pushed me away slightly. "You don't need to get wet," she gasped, "are you done?"

"Yes," I groaned. Immediately after my release, my penis swelled, I was aroused by her behavior.

I still held her head and she looked at me.

"Aren't you mad?" she whispered.

“No” I said, kissing her on the mouth.

"I'm going to wash up now," she said. "Go ahead and get into bed and wait for me." I took a step back. Her jeans had become darker in the front and between her legs, the fabric had become soaked with pee. It leaked between her feet onto the wooden floor and formed a small puddle there. She ran out of the room and came back with a mop. She cleaned up the puddle and walked away, her wet pant legs slapping against her wet legs. I undressed and crawled naked into her bed.

My penis was hard as an oak stick. When she returned, naked and clean, I pulled the blanket back and showed her my erection.

She knelt beside me and enveloped the head with her lips. I was eager, longing to make love to her and pulled her lower body towards my face. Lustfully, I pressed my mouth onto her pussy, which was fresh and juicy. I knew she had washed and there was no trace of urine on her pussy. But even if her pussy had still been wet from her pee, I would have sucked, I was so horny.

I greedily slurped the juice from her vagina and licked her swollen clit with a stiff tongue. Liz sucked on my cock with voluptuous lips and licked along it. We excited each other until we exploded in a joint orgasm. With convulsing legs, she lay against my face coming. I shot powerful streams of sperm into her mouth, which she eagerly sucked in and swallowed. We had satisfied each other's passions before, but this time it was more intense.

After our passions were satisfied, we lay quietly next to each other. Her hand slid over my belly and caressed my flaccid penis. "Am I a crazy girl?" she asked with a meek, shy voice.

"Yes," I said, "but a deliciously crazy girl."

"Have you ever experienced anything like this before?"

"No," I had to admit, "you're the first. Have you ever done this before..."

"Yes," she admitted, "but you're the first who doesn't think it's really crazy. I tried it a few times with a boyfriend. One ran away when I asked him, the other couldn't get hard afterwards and I never saw him again." She sighed and wriggled her supple body against mine.

“How did you come up with the idea?” I asked, curious about her motives.

“It's a crazy story,” she said “from long ago. I was 14 then.

I was dating a 16-year-old boy. Of course he wanted to fuck me. I didn't even know what fucking was at the time, a friend had vaguely heard something about it and told me that a boy wanted to stick his cock in your cunt. He wanted to pee in it but you could have a baby. I was so stupid that I believed it. I knew pissing felt good when you really needed it. So when I was having sex with that boy and he opened my pants to feel my pussy I got hot but also had fear. He was not allowed to enter it with his cock. He unzipped his fly and shoved his erect cock into my hand. I held it against my stomach, it moved back and forth and suddenly I felt something wet through my panties. Now I know he came but then I thought he peed on me.

I encouraged him and said, "Go ahead. Pee on me." I would rather have him pee in my pants than in my pussy, thinking of the dangers like my friend had outlined. He laughed and asked, "Do you like that?" I was really horny and didn't care, I didn't consider the consequences.

"Yes, go ahead," I said. Then I felt his warm pee against my stomach and flowing down between my legs. It leaked into my pants and I got wet.

"Please," he said after he was done. He zipped up his pants and ran away. I was left behind with my wet pants. I put on an act. In front of the door, I peed in my pants a little more, I was just shivering with pleasure when I felt it running down my legs. With my hands pressed against my crotch, I ran inside and yelled, "Mother, I peed in my pants. I couldn't hold it anymore!" I ran straight to the bathroom, past my surprised-looking mother.

Before taking off my clothes, I stood for a while with my pants unzipped and rubbed my pussy with two fingers. I was so horny that I automatically did what was necessary to cum. It was the first time I had an orgasm.

So, now you know and you can laugh at me."

I had listened to her story with great interest. During the telling, I had gotten an erection. I took her hand and placed it on my cock. She grabbed it tightly and asked, "Did it turn you on?"

"Yes," I said and rolled onto her. My penis almost slipped into her soaking wet pussy without much help from my fingers.

She had also aroused herself with the memory of that pissing incident. We fucked fiercely and passionately.

Liz moved hot and willing under me, the moisture oozing from her pussy. My hands were under her ass, I moved my fingers in her crack and the bottom of her pussy. I pressed my fingertips into the sticky wetness and drilled my rock-hard cock deep into her juicy plum. She moaned and pushed her pussy against my stiff penis. Every movement was accompanied by a deep, yearning sigh.

The stimulated head pounded and throbbed. When the cum came out, she threw herself up shaking and shivering. In her orgasm, she contracted her muscles so powerfully that my cock was almost choked off. The more vigorously the sperm flew out, the more I sprayed her, shrinking with pleasure.

I stayed the night with her and that night, after another intense session, she asked, "Don't you want to come live with me?" Apparently, my tolerance for her pee fetish had paved the way for a permanent relationship. I immediately agreed and moved my things to her apartment. It took a few days to do so.

We celebrated by going out to eat somewhere nice and came home a little tipsy. She immediately poured us both a beer and looked at me questioningly. I sensed what she had in mind and exchanged a meaningful glance with her. "Are we going to do it?" she asked with bated breath. "Definitely," I said, "I've been holding it in for the last few hours."

She was wearing her gray corduroy pants, the same ones she had worn the first time. I unrolled a large roll of plastic and had her stand on it in the middle after she had taken off her shoes and socks. While I took off her shirt and bra, she opened my fly and pulled out my penis. She let it hang in her fly, expecting me to pee. But I had something else in mind and took off my shirt. I lowered my pants, pulled down my underwear, and took off my shoes.

Completely naked, I now stood face to face with her body that trembled with anticipation. "You have to wait until I'm finished," I said. She nodded and moaned lustfully. In a horny wriggle, she rubbed herself against me. Her fingers held my dick as I let it go at full force. I peed in her pants and felt the legs become wet. As I stood stiff against her, my thighs against hers, my naked skin became moist as it penetrated through her pants. She rubbed my peeing dick back and forth, rolled it along her panties so that the pubic hair became soaked, and pressed her wet jeans against me. When I finished peeing, she clamped one thigh between hers, pressed her dripping crotch against me so that the drops rolled along my thighs. She shook and trembled, "I'm already cumming,” she gasped excitedly. As she hung shivering against me and had an orgasm, I began to undo her pants. I pulled down the soaked garment and exposed her dripping crotch and legs.

Liz was still standing and understood what I wanted. I said it to her redundantly, "Squat above me," I requested, "above my lower body and let it flow."

She did as I asked and held her pussy about thirty centimeters above my crotch. The penis was already starting to swell and jerked up as her warm urine began to flow over it. I stared fascinated at her peeing pussy, her pussy from which the thick, swirling stream plunged down and ran over my lower body. It made me incredibly hard, the warmth of her pee aroused my dick. My dick was rock hard when the source dried up. I pulled her down and rolled her back into the pond on the plastic.

She lay half on her wet pants and with her butt in her own piss, I turned over and came between her spread legs. With one hand, I aimed my dick at her dripping wet pussy and let it pop inside. We squeezed the pee out of our soaked pubic hair in small amounts that flowed between her thighs. Her butt splashed in the puddle below her, our moving loins made sucking sounds as if we were fucking on swampy ground. I fucked her fiercely and squeezed my fingers into her wet ass. Liz’ hands slid over my moist, pee-soaked buttocks. Our bellies slid over each other, my dick moved splashing in her soaking wet pussy in the mixture of pee and cum.

We clung to each other, skin to skin, made sucking and bubbling sounds. We quickly slid towards a climax, the glans tingled and swelled to bursting point.

“Cum on me,” Liz gasped, "Cum on me... cum on me..."

Ah, I thought, she wants even more kinky things. She wanted to get even wetter, so I held back a bit to give her the chance to climax before pulling my dick out of her pussy. She squeezed her wet thighs tightly around my legs, and her pussy made audible slurping and foaming sounds. With a sharp cry, she came and pressed her quivering body against mine. I gave her a few more seconds to feel my hard cock in her contracting pussy, then I pulled it out and held it between our bellies. The cum shot out with tremendous force from my pulsating penis and spread all over her lower body. Once I had released it, I pressed my stomach against hers and rubbed the cum between us.

Liz wriggled her body ecstatically, eager to feel the slippery fluid. It was smeared on her belly and mixed with pee to form a sticky and thin layer. We continued to lie there, rubbing our bellies together while Liz rolled her ass back and forth in the puddle under her buttocks. She seemed to derive endless pleasure from it, but I was in the mood for a refreshing drink. That's why I separated myself from her and pulled my belly skin away from hers. It stubbornly came loose, and our skin stuck together from the cum. I looked at her smeared belly and the sticky, wet pubic hair. I had a desire to see her clean and dry again so that I could feel and stroke her smooth, soft skin.

"Shall we wash up for a bit," I suggested, "and then we'll start again later."

Liz agreed with me, so we got rid of all the mess.

We rolled up the plastic halfway and got into the shower together.

We dried each other off and lounged on the couch. One of her hands played with my balls while the other held the glass. I stroked her tits and drank with the other hand. We turned each other on until we couldn't take it anymore and the only solution was a passionate romp.

Liz wanted to get wet again, so we unrolled the plastic. She peed on me and then lay down on her soaked clothes.

I splashed her from head to toe, aiming the splattering stream at her breasts, stomach, and thighs.

Then I threw myself on top of her and we slid and fucked over each other.

My cock splashed up and down in her dripping wet pussy. Our arms slid along shoulders and breasts, our legs rubbed smoothly and moistly against each other. It was like we were wrestling and trying to hold each other tightly. I pushed her down as she tried to get out from under me. It was a frenzy of lust and writhing.

I struggled to keep her wet body under control, but managed to do so. Liz had an extravagant orgasm, her body writhing in ecstatic pleasure. That was my cue to let loose. I quickly thrust to an orgasm and let the cum spring into her pussy. Shivering with lust, I let it flow out and fill her wet hole. With stiff knees and a limp dick, I stood up. I saw the hair on my chest and stomach sticking to her moist body. Liz scrambled to her feet and rubbed the cum from her pussy over the wet skin of her legs. Her pussy hung wet, like a wilted flower, on her stomach. She looked like a swimming champion who had won the battle, dripping and all, and had crawled ashore, gasping for breath. I rubbed both hands over her slippery ass.

"Nice?" I asked.

"Amazingly nice," she sighed and shook her beautifully built body so the droplets flew off.

