The Desperation of Laura Vickers

Author: cruiser79

*000*2015-02-26 08:32

OK, I've decided to be creative and write a story in chapter installments. Hopefully it doesn't suck. Feedback is welcome!

###

Chapter 1

What can I say? My kung-fu's the best. It took me all night, but I was able to recover virtually all the data from my crashed drive. My work was safe. But my feelings of relief quickly changed to shock and anger. I had restored more than just the files containing the project that, when finished, would make the company millions. The data transfer logs showed that before the computer had crashed, the files had been transferred to user 66923. And then - there it was. A nasty bit of code had been uploaded to my machine, crashing the hard drives and destoying the evidence of the theft - or so she thought. Yes, user 66923 was Laura Vickers, one of my co-workers at the company.

To her superiors, Laura was intelligent, driven, and highly respected. Her subordinates thought of her as ruthless, cold, and a real ballbuster. And unfortunately, I was in the subordinate category. But as much as I disliked the woman, I always believed her success to be well-earned. Sure, I had heard members of the junior staff complain about Ms Vickers getting credit for work she hadn't done, but had always considered these grumblings to be the unfounded rumor-mongering of jealous, less talented employees. Maybe I had been wrong.

My mind raced as I wondered what to do. Whether or not she had done this sort of thing to others, I had the digital evidence of what she had tried to do to me. I could destroy her career, even have her sent to prison. Computer theft was serious business, doubly so with the nature of our industry. There was no doubt that I had Laura Vickers by the short and curlies.

Now that was a thought. For all her unpleasant qualities, Ms Vickers was very attractive for a woman of her age, which I suspected to be close to forty. Her hazel eyes and pale skin were framed by dark hair without a trace of gray, and the consevative outfits she wore did nothing to hide her feminine curves. Too bad she was such a heartless bitch.

Yes, heartless was a good label for Ms Vickers. Thinking back, I couldn't remember her ever showing an ounce of compassion for the people who worked beneath her. When an intern named Tammy had come in late after being tied up in traffic, Laura denied the poor girl a chance to use the restroom before shooing her into what turned into a fairly lengthy meeting. Tammy must have really regretted the coffee and juice and whatever else she drank that morning, as she squirmed her way though two hours of pointless buzzwords. Laura could have called a break but didn't, even though Tammy's situation was clear. I couldn't help being more than a little turned on watching Tammy's too-short skirt ride up as she crossed and uncrossed her legs, but I also felt sorry for her, and I was glad when the meeting ended and she was able run off to the ladies' with panties that must've been at least mostly dry.

As I sat infront of my computer backing up the evidence of Laura's treachery, I wondered if she had wanted Tammy to wet herself. Was it my imagination, or had a brief look of dissapointment crossed her face when Tammy rushed of to the bathroom? Did she enjoy female desperation in particular, or was she just a sadist in general? I wondered how she would like a taste of her own medicine. What would the always cold and controlled Ms Laura Vickers look like if she were desperate to pee? I decided to find out.

*003*2015-02-27 05:28

Time for the next installment! Sorry about the short chapters. I've discovered that I'm even slower at writing than I am at typing lol.

###

Chapter 2

Once I had decided on the type of revenge I would have on Ms Vickers, my next step was to plan out exactly what I would do. The wildest scenarios played themselves out in my head as I fantasized about controlling her fluid intake and toilet privileges on a daily basis. Oh the fun I could have! Maybe I would force her to use a small padlock to fasten her pants tight at the waist, too tight for her to take them down without the key only I would posess. In my mind I could see her downing cup after cup of coffee, I could her hear voice as she begged for relief that I would be as likely to deny as to grant. Would I let her use the restroom, or make her hold it a while longer, after the conference call, the big meeting, or even until the end of the day, the only alternative being public humiliation? But as my imagination began to run wild, I relalized that what I would do was fairly limited by what I could do while simultaneosly limiting my own risk exposure.

My control over Laura was powerful, but temporary. The longer I blackmailed Ms Vickers, the weaker my hold over her would become, and the greater the danger to myself. She would undoubtedly obtain evidence our our "arrangement", and the ever-lenghtening delay between her crime and my potential exposure of the evidence would implicate me more and more with every day that passed. At best the situation would become a stalemate, but at worst... What if she managed to make it look like I was behind the whole thing? That I framed her in order to live out my perverted fantasies? Given enough time, she might be able to do it.

I needed to rethink this. The idea of blackmailing Laura Vickers for any period of time was inconceiveable. I might as well get involved in a land war in Asia.

No, my strategy would have to be a quick-strike scenario. Get in, get my revenge, and get out while the getting was good. So where to begin? Planning, obviously. I was only going to get one shot at this, so it would have to be perfect. But before I could plan, I would need to do some reconnaissance. That meant a trip to the library. No, not to check out a book, but to use the free and anonymous internet connection. I logged onto the company LAN through a backdoor connection behind seven proxies, and got to work.

*004*2015-02-27 11:43

Chapter 3

It took me about twenty minutes to access Laura's office computer by using a forged IT account and cloning her own login information. After that it was simple enough. A quick check of her system showed that she had been busy. Roughly half of my files had already been altered to look like the her own work, and were located in her main folder. But tucked away in a hidden folder were the original, unaltered files. Just as I expected.

Then it was time to look for the unexpected: Did Ms Laura Vickers enjoy watching other women desperate to pee? Maybe she even liked holding her own pee? She certainly never excused herself for a break, even during the longest meetings. Of course, that was to be expected. With her alpha-dog personality, she would have undoubtedly considered it a sign of weakness to her male co-workers. Likewise, I had never seen Ms Vickers give any outward indication of needing to go, obviously for the same reason. I searched her system and browser history, but found nothing. Maybe the incident with Tammy the intern had simply been a random act of cruelty, rather than the naughty indulgence of some hidden fetish. Then I used the worklink for her home computer and struck gold.

Her home PC had it all. Browser history, bookmarks, scores of videos and photographs. She even had active accounts on several message boards, where she posted under the name of IceGold. Her avatar was the princess from a recent animated film - You know, the one with a moose and a talking snowman. Obviously she had a sense of humor about her reputaion as an ice queen. She was smart enough to keep any evidence of her secret life off of her work computer, but had been unable to resist tempation when the opportunity presented itself.

There was also a wealth of "normal" personal information, all of which I availed myself to. I wrote everything down on paper; there would be no digital trail that would lead back to me if anything went wrong. I closed the worklink connection. I had everything I wanted, but there was one last thing to do. Before removing all the traces of my intrusion, I uploaded a nasty little file of my own to her office computer. When Ms Vickers logged in on Monday morning, an annoying but ultimately harmless litte virus would cause her operating system to freeze if she attempted to save or delete any files. Today was Thursday, so I had three days to get my plan on wheels. I closed the connection and left the library.

*006*2015-03-02 22:27

Glad you're enjoying it! I've been too busy to write anything the last couple of days, but I'll try to work on it tonight or tomorrow.

*009*2015-04-04 19:24

Sorry to abandon this story for so long, I've been super busy. I'll try to get the next installment up tomorrow!

