The Train Ride Home

Author: Omolover222

*000*2022-03-18 15:39

﻿(The Train Ride Home)

Ella Berry was a woman. At the age of 18, she still had rather small breasts (a B cup), with minimal curves but her boyfriend still found her beautiful.

Ella prided herself on having a strong bladder and never used public toilets. Also the only sign she’d show of needing a pee is crossing her legs and shifting ightly, occasionally moaning quietly with need.

But if there was a delay, Ella would be in trouble. One day, she’d had to pee in an alley as she could not make it home in time.

Today was a delay day.

Ella already had a full bladder as the train was leaving. So her legs were crossed really tightly, to keep her liquid in.

However her heart sank when:

”Excuse me - delays. Up to 2 hours of delay expected. Sorry”

Ella squirmed harder and audibly whimpered promoting her boy friend to say

”You OK?”

”Mm… I just really need the loo..” She moaned.

”Ah.”

(To be continued)

*003*2022-06-27 15:21

Part 2!

But first a greater description of Ella Berry:

She had medium brown hair about half way on her back.

She had slightly tanned skin.

She had smallish breasts (barely noticable!)

She had brown eyes.

She had a medium bladder.

She could sing like an angel!

###

Now the story:

She moaned.

”Why didn’t you go earlier?” Snapped her boyfriend.

He was snappish as he no longer liked Ella, for she had correctly accused him of cheating.

The was a silent moment as Ella squirmed in her need to pee. Ella more noticeably. She had her legs double-crossed and was holding herself with two hands.

Desperation scale:

Ella ~ 9/10

Suddenly, Ella leaned over and leaked a bit! She leaked about 50 ML of pee, whimpering as she did so.

“Cant you hold it bitch?!” Roared her boyfriend.

Ellie started to leak some more and her boyfriend stormed off.

The train began to move. All Ellie had to do was wait until the next station…



