Learning to Let it Show

Author: Shizuka

*000*2014-06-25 06:19

Well, I'm a bit nervous posting this, because it's my first time sharing a fiction piece on here, and because I usually write female rather than male omorashi. This is all desperation and no wetting, a "just made it" scenario, and is a product of my self-indulgent whims, but I'm hoping someone else on here might get some enjoyment out of it.

The characters are from a non-omo-related project I'm working on (with the names changed because I'm paranoid). What you need to know beforehand is that Alex is an escaped lab experiment who kind-of-sort-of works for Chris.

###

Learning to Let it Show

The train ride starts out as normal. The only thing different from their usual trips is the amount of time-- four hours, much longer than the quick hops over to the neighboring city that they usually take. He knows Chris is used to these lengthy rides, having lived clear out in the countryside as a child, but for Alex it's a new experience. He's not used to being stuck inside a moving vehicle for so long. At least they have their own compartment to themselves, courtesy of Chris's large amounts of cash.

The two of them make light conversation occasionally, but mostly the compartment is quiet. Chris is reading through papers for something related to his job-- he didn't offer details, so it must be more boring drudge work-- and Alex is content to stare out the window and watch the scenery go by. Not only does he get a better picture of his surroundings, but it's also oddly peaceful.

About an hour into their trip, Alex notices a twinge in his abdomen that means he needs to use the restroom. He frowns a bit to himself-- this could be a problem. On their way in, he'd noticed the sign on the door of the only restroom that had read "out of order."

It's only a slight urge, though, so hopefully things won't get any worse. He hopes.

Unfortunately for him, his wish isn't granted. Over time, his bladder steadily fills up, and by the time they're two hours into their train ride, Alex has to go quite badly. It's already past the point where he'd usually be doing something about it-- but then again, he doesn't like the distraction created by the urge to pee, so he's never been one to hold it in the first place if at all possible. He's rarely ever been in this situation, so he's honestly at a bit of a loss.

He does know that letting other people know about his need to go is showing a potential weakness, though. It's practically advertising that his guard is down. So instead of fidgeting the way his body wants him to, he puts his hands on his knees, squeezes his thighs together, and tries to wait it out.

It's not pleasant, though. The rattling and swaying of the train certainly isn't helping matters. Every bump and shake jostles his bladder, making it that much worse.

He's not used to waiting this long. It's getting worse by the minute, slowly growing from uncomfortable to urgent, and he's finding it harder and harder to distract himself from his need to go. He's not even sure why he has to pee so badly, anyway; he doesn't normally get this desperate this fast, and he hasn't had any more to drink than usual. Whatever the case, though, that doesn't change his situation.

Alex suddenly notices that he's tapping his foot on the floor, and abruptly stops. He can't do that. He can't show any signs. It's much, much harder to do than he'd thought. As it is, he wants to jiggle his legs up and down, move them back and forth, bounce around in his seat, anything. He's getting desperate now, his bladder throbbing with need. He wonders if he could just pick the lock on the bathroom and go in the broken toilet-- but no, that would be rude, and besides he's not sure if he could actually pick the lock in this state.

He didn't know it was possible, but as the minutes pass, it gets even worse. The pain in his bladder is now a sharp, hot ache of urgency. He checks his watch again-- still an hour left to go. A full hour left, and it's already this bad. As it is, it's taking everything he has to maintain his composure. He's trying, but he's barely able to make it seem as though nothing's wrong when he can barely stand how badly he needs to go. He wishes he had a bottle, a can, something, anything to pee in, at least relieve some of the pressure--

"Alex."

He jumps, startled out of his thoughts by the sudden interruption. He looks over to find Chris staring at him intensely.

"What's wrong?" Chris asks.

"What-- nothing's wrong," Alex says, trying to keep his voice steady.

"Bullshit." Chris is almost glaring at him now, arms crossed as he looks Alex up and down. "Look at you. You're obviously not okay."

It's only then that Alex notices exactly what sort of state he's in. His entire body tensed, breathing harsh, hands gripping his knees so tightly it's painful. Well, so much for composure.

At the lack of reply, Chris continues. "You look like you're in pain. Are you sick? Does something hurt somewhere? What?"

Alex shakes his head. "It's not that. It's..."

"Then what is it," Chris says, more a command than a question, giving him an impatient look.

"I..." Alex frowns and looks out the window again, suddenly ashamed.

"Alex." Chris's tone leaves no room for argument.

Alex feels his face growing hot. He doesn't want to say it, why does he have to say it?

"...I need to use the restroom," he finally admits quietly.

Chris blinks, then frowns in understanding. "But the bathroom is--"

"Out of order." He feels exposed, suddenly, letting Chris know the source of his predicament. What is it about this that makes him feel like a child again?

Chris leans back, eyeballing him with a concerned look. "Is it that bad?"

Alex nods slowly. "Really bad." He closes his eyes for a moment, not wanting to look at Chris.

"Why the hell didn't you just say something?"

Alex opens his eyes and looks over at Chris again. He's glaring again, and the look makes Alex feel even worse.

"Seriously, Alex. If it's really that bad, just say something. Don't just sit there suffering in silence."

Alex takes a deep breath, trying for a moment to take his mind off his throbbing, aching bladder as he decides how to explain.

"I can't let it show," he says slowly. "Not anything. It's a sign of weakness. Letting people know it's a distraction is like painting a target on my chest."

"Is that what they taught you there?" Chris demands.

Alex says nothing. His silence is as good as an agreement.

Chris lets out a long sigh. "Really. Who's going to target you? It's just the two of us, you know."

Alex looks down, then back up at him, then back down again. "...I'm sorry. It's just instinct."

"I know," Chris says softly. "I know. But seriously, there's no one here. You can do whatever you need to and no one's going to know. Even if it means showing your weaknesses or whatever."

Alex takes a second to digest this. "I'm not sure I know how," he says softly.

"Then just let your body take over. It knows what it wants to do." With that, Chris goes back to his papers, though not without eyeing him in concern.

Alex isn't entirely sure what to do for a few moments, then slowly feels himself giving in to his urges to move around. He bounces his knees up and down, feet tapping against the floor. Then tries moving his thighs in and out, knocking his knees together. He shifts in his seat, trying to find a position that best helps with the pressure. Crosses his legs, uncrosses them. Before he knows it, he can't stop moving even if he were to try.

Being able to fidget makes it a little easier, but doesn't actually do anything for the sharp, painful urge. His entire abdomen is aching now, and he can't help rocking back and forth as the pressure grows more intense.

"So it's a weakness, huh?" Chris comments, not glancing up from his paperwork.

Alex looks at him again, this time grateful for the distraction. "Yeah. An obvious one. I can't very well do much of anything like this, can I?"

"Yeah." Chris looks up now, and a brief smirk crosses his face. "But you know, regardless of whether you let other people know about it or not, it's still a weakness if it distracts you this much."

"That's why I shouldn't even be getting into this situation," Alex groans. "I have no idea how this happened. I'm usually much more careful."

"It happens to everyone at some point," Chris says. "You can't be expected to be perfect all the time. That's what it means to be human."

Alex nods slowly. It's something that he needs a reminder of every so often-- that's he's human just like everyone else, and that it's okay to be a weak, fallible human and not a perfect, emotionless fighter.

He's still not used to showing such a vulnerable side of himself to someone else, though. It feels strange. Strange, but not unpleasant.

At that point, his bladder decides to make itself the focus of his thoughts again by giving an urgent spasm that sends desperation shooting through his body. He hisses and clenches his thighs together as he gives everything he has not to let anything leak out.

After a few seconds it becomes more bearable, and he no longer feels like he's about to wet himself, but the urge is still intense, worse than any he's ever felt before in his life. He needs to go, absolutely needs to, and the intensity of it is driving him insane.

He looks at his watch again-- still half an hour left. Unable to do anything else, he puts one hand between his legs to hold himself. Then the other. It helps hold things back, a little. If nothing else, it makes him feel more secure. If he rides out this last half hour, he'll be able to get some relief.

The trouble is, he's not sure he can do that. He's gasping and moaning now as he rocks back and forth with his hands in his crotch, willing himself to hold on just a few minutes longer. It's so hard, though, when he feels like he's going to burst any moment, and every bump and sway of the train jolts his bladder and sends another pang of urgency through him.

At that moment they hit a particularly large bump, and Alex gasps sharply as he feels a small spurt leak out.

"Oh no," he moans in horror. "No, not now, not now."

Chris looks up in alarm. "Are you--?"

"Not yet," Alex gasps. "Not yet. But-- it started to-- it came out, just a little."

Chris frowns at him in sympathy. "Are you still okay?"

"I think. I hope," Alex says breathlessly.

"Good." Chris pauses. "No one's going to notice anything. Those are black pants. If it's just that much, you'll be fine."

Alex nods. "I just hope it's only that much."

The last few minutes of the train ride are agony. He leaks again twice, and the whole time he feels like he could burst and let the rest out any second. He's honestly not sure how he makes it through, except with a lot of rocking and shaking and holding himself.

Finally, finally, as four hours come to a close, the train slows to a stop as it rolls into the station. Alex breathes a sigh of relief that he's managed to make it through. Then he tenses up as he reminds himself that the hard part isn't over yet-- he still has to make his way off the train to the station restrooms. And now that they'll be in public again, he can't fidget or hold himself the way he has been. It's going to be the hardest thing he's ever done.

As he stands up, his bladder gives a lurch, and he gasps and squeezes his legs together at the suddenness of it. He's not sure he can do this.

"I'll get our luggage. You just concentrate," he hears Chris say.

Alex nods and focuses on standing up straight, trying not to hunch over the way he wants to do to relieve some of the pressure. He feels his whole body tensing up as he slowly makes his way forward, taking small, delicate steps to keep from jarring his bladder even further.

Maintaining composure as he walks is almost impossible. The urgency of his need is making everything in him scream to hold himself, crouch over, turn his knees inward, and it takes everything he has to stand up straight and walk properly.

Out of the train, into the crowd of the platform, and from a quick survey of the place he notices a sign for the restrooms a short ways away. He slowly makes his way over there, using everything he has to try and keep the immense pressure at bay for just a few minutes longer.

Thankfully, there's no line when he gets there, and the stalls are free-- he flatly refuses to use a urinal, it's just something he can't do-- so with relief so close to be found, he hurries over to one and locks it as quickly as he can.

He's seconds away now, and he's vibrating with anticipation, already starting to leak as he unzips and pulls himself out. And then he's peeing, finally, and it gushes out hard and fast, and if it weren't a public restroom he'd be moaning out loud at the sheer relief. He pees for a long time, longer than he ever has, and when he's finally done his bladder is still aching a bit from the strain of holding so much for so long, but he doesn't care because it's finally over. He takes another moment to savor how good it feels to have finally relieved himself, then zips himself up and heads out.

When he emerges from the restroom, Chris is leaning back against the wall with their bags, waiting for him. Alex picks up his own bag and gives him a small smile. Chris grins right back, and without another word, the two of them set out.

