And It's All Your Fault Anyway

Author: inkpawed

*000*2013-10-24 18:35

Oh look, another one of these.

I'm not sure what to say about it. I tried to fix some of the stuff that was wrong with the previous ones, but I'm not sure how well that went.

There might be a part II to this if there is enough interest and I feel that I can pull it off.

My previous stories:

* An Interruption

* Not Quite As Planned

Furaffinity link.

###

I woke up pinned to the bed by a big and warm weight. Groggily reaching out, I discovered that the weight had soft fur long enough to almost completely bury my paw in, and opening my eyes I saw that it had a face, currently planted right on top of my chest. Two blue eyes, wide open and staring into mine, were surrounded by a corona of snow-white fur, longer than you would expect on an oridinary fox but just right for her Arctic face, topped by triangular, tufted, black-tipped ears, perked up at attention.

'Morning', said Monica. She didn't bother to lift her head to open her mouth, and it came out as 'mwnng'.

'Hello', I said 'are you really comfortable like this?'

She was lying on top of me, on her belly, with her nose in the middle of my chest and her lower body down between my legs, feet hanging off the edge of my bed.

'Not really. But I'm flexible.', I decyphered.

She demonstrated that by stretching like a cat, planting her paws on both sides of my head and lifting her bottom. Her tail arched above her, spreading out like a fluffy white umbrella, tipped with black. Pretty as it was, it was futile to try and keep my eyes on it, with a sight as shapely as there just below it.

As she stretched, she shivered slightly and gave a small moan of contention before slumping back on top of me. She kept her arms up, holding my shoulders, and her eyes on mine. Her stare was almost so intense as to be intimidating, and not finding anything to say, I reached out to stroke the flowing fur on her neck and scratch her behind the ears, making her purr with pleasure and rub her muzzle against my chest with affection. She shifted on top of me, moving her legs.

I grabbed a handful of her neck fur and pulled gently. A whole tuft of fine white hair came loose, stuck to my claws and fingers.

'You're shedding, again' I said in mock accusation. Spring was just starting, and with her semi-long fur, Monica would be spending this turn of seasons leaving obscene quantities stray hair everywhere she went and bullying hours-long brushing sessions out of me on a daily basis.

She tilted her head to free her jaw. 'At least I have something to shed. You always look like you just got trimmed.'

She wasn't wrong, unfortunately – my dark brown fur was never longer than just existent. But I couldn't let her have the last word. 'At least I have some colour to me. You're just blank.' But I had complimented her on her snowy fur way to often for this to have any impact, and she didn't dignify it with an answer. Instead she grunted and squirmed again. I kept stroking her back.

'You know,' she drawled, 'I really have to pee.'

'Do you?' I was certainly interested.

'Yeah. I woke up with a really full bladder, and that was... half an hour ago, or so. I thought I'd wake you up and go, but you wouldn't come around, and I got too comfortable.' She certainly didn't look comfortable, the way her legs kept rubbing against each other.

'Oh I'm sure. You wouldn't do it on purpose, would you?' She pouted at me. I knew of how much holding in her pee turned her on, and though I did tease her about it on occasion, I couldn't deny that I enjoyed it at least as much as she did. In fact, she could definetely feel my enjoyment poking her in the chest now.

'Maybe I would, if I knew you'd react that way', she giggled. She lifted herself up and slid forward, until her head rested on my shoulder, and her arms beside my shoulders. Then, with utmost care, she lowered herself and pressed her lower belly down on my member. I gasped at the pleasure of her fine, soft fur enveloping me, and I felt something more: in her abdomen, the round, solid hardness of her full bladder.

She gently nipped the scruff of my neck with her teeth and pressed the overfilled ballon into my crotch, while grinding hers into my thigh. I held her and felt her tremble with effort as she fought the desperate urge she inflicted on herself; she let out a deep moan of pain and pleasure as she collapsed next to me, holding her proturding abdomen away from any further pressure and panting heavily. I held and kissed her, paws wandering down to her bottom, quivering with her need. She responded enthusiastically, and two hard proofs that what she did was not just for my enjoyment poked me in the chest.

'You're magical, you know that?' I said as I finally pulled back.

She laughed. 'I'm just perverted. And my perversion matches yours.', she said with a strained voice, hungrily eyeing my erection.

'I don't care for the difference.' I kissed her again. Even as she pushed her tongue into my muzzle, she whimpered and squirmed desperately, clutching her crotch with the paw that wasn't fondling my buttocks. Her entire body strained as she fought to hold back the pressure in her bladder.

'Okay, I've really gotta go now', she gasped and made a move to run for the bathroom. But I wasn't going to let her go that easily. I pinned her down on her back, holding her arms and legs down with mine, staying clear of her tender belly. After a token attempt to wiggle herself free and an annoyed sound she settled down and glowered at me half in accusation, half in anticipation and excitement.

'But I thought you were enjoying this?' She managed to keep her pouty face on for a few more seconds, but then burst out giggling, throwing her head back. This did no good to her bladder, and I let her yank her left arm from my grasp and rub it against the outlet, whimpering urgently.

'I do.' She sounded breathless. 'But you'll have a wet bed if I don't go.' She grinned madly.

I leant down and pressed my nose against hers, forcing her to look me in the eye. Her nose was wet. 'You've never worried about that before. You're not going anywhere.'

She let out an indignant howl. 'I have to go to the bathroom... or I'm going here!'. She seemed proud of her choice of words, giggling even as her paws and thighs worked overtime propping up the floodgates. I tutted at her with disapproval.

'You're drink.' I declared.

'At this hour? Are you crazy?'

'You have a problem.'

'YOU have a problem. It's making girls piss your bed.'

'Or you're high. You're laughing and grinning. While about to piss my bed. Sober people don't act like that.'

'It's your fault.'

'Excuse me?'

'I'm not drunk. I'm happy, I'm horny, in love and about to piss myself, and it's all your fault anyway.'

'Ha! Always blaming me. You got yourself into that.'

'Yeah. But you're keeping me here way too long,' She kissed me. 'but now I'm going to the loo.'

Still reeling from the exchange, I didn't stop her from getting up. She stood up and hobbled, bent forward and with a paw in her crotch, towards the bathroom. Her tail was sticking high up, and I could see a wet patch of fur between her legs, matching a dark spot on the bedding. Halfway into her slow shuffle to the bathoom, I sprang up and stood in the doorway, blocking her way just a meter in front of her.

'Nuh-uh. You think I'll let the fun go that soon?'

She cried out in anguish. She was standing bent deep forward, with one hand on her hip and the other rubbing vigorously in her crotch, her legs squirming and pressing together. She was doing a pee dance, constantly tiptoeing in place. Her face was flushed and she was heaving, I couldn't tell if with need or lust, and anyway, for her it was often the same thing. Her desperately overfilled bladder made a bulge in her abdomen, and the quivering bush of her tail swished urgently. Small patches of dampness showed on her crotch, thighs and sticking out butt, evidence of a few good spurts already escaped.

She groaned and stopmed. 'Fine. I'll give you your fun.' Before I could respond, she took a step forward and straightened out, pulling her paws back to her sides. A brief stream of urine escaped from her pussy, not able to hold back without aid, and pattered on the floor. She embraced me and pushed me into the bathroom, kissing me on the mouth. She lost another spurt, and I felt moisture spread on my leg. She led me, half-blind, to the toilet, pushed me onto the open seat and straddled me, but this time she couldn't take the pressure; with every movement, another small jet of pee escaped into our fur.

I slid my fingers down her back, bottom, under her tail and into her sticky and burning hot folds, making her whimper in pleasure and release more, finally giving up. I felt her body relax and then strain as she pushed out a powerful stream. We were both immediately soaked; torrents and rivulets of urine flowing and pattering down into the bowl and onto the floor. Monica stopped keeping up with the kiss and released a deep, powerful moan of relief. As her bladder empied, she slumped back onto me, breathing heavily into my ear.

But she had only a few seconds of rest. As soon as she relieved one desire, another took its place, compouneded and fueled by the release. She stood up and pulled me to my feet, only to push me into the shower cabin. She stepped in after me and bit down on my neck, reaching down for my waiting member...

(to be continued?)

