Another note - Page 2

Author: AuthorFaust

*025*2011-06-05 01:42

Faust apologizes for the long wait...

Faust hasn't been feeling so energetic and creative lately....

But Faust finally presents Chapter 5.

....

Please don't have high expectations for this chapter, more interesting things will happen later, Faust promises.

Chapter 5:

Niiya's stream slowly died down as she sat, some light sobs being heard from her as she did.

Faust's own body maintained a bright flush as he inadvertantly watched, finding himself unable to look away from the source of her stream, before eventually breaking away.

"S....sorry..." He called, staring at the wall as he heard her sobbing her face still burning a bright red.

"I...I'm ruined..." She sobbed, crying. Faust's heard turned back, still flushing a bit.

"There there....the stain's not that bad.." he called, his voice trying to reassure the girl, before she crossed her legs.

"Noooo......that's not it.." she called, lowering her hands to her lap. "I've just been so shameless, exposing myself to someone I barely know...Now no one will want to marry me." Her eyes welled up with tears, as she started to sob lightly, lamenting her own shamelessness.

However, as she did, she felt a hand meet her face. She froze for a bit, before looking up through teary eyes. Faust's face was smiling lightly, before he moved in and wrapped his arms around her.

"Don't worry, this'll be our little secret." he called to the girl, before pulling back off her, and opening the door, looking out of it.

They'd have to be careful, so she didn't get spotted coming out of the bathroom. So, he moved to the front, looking out the door at the clock. It was dangerously close to time to let out, so if he tried to get her out at the moment, they would likely be seen. However, if anyone came in after class let out, they'd likely be seen too. He put a hand on his chin, before grabbing at the sign on the girl's room, and placing it over the Men's room.

Soon, the classes let out, and the halls were filled with people again, moving from class to class. A few boys headed by the bathroom, but moved again when they saw the sign, Faust standing a small ways away to watch out for them trying to go in.

After a few minutes, the herd thinned out, and soon, the halls were empty again. The green haired boy moved back over to the door, as he pushed it open lightly.

"Come on Miyazaki-chan." he called, the silver haired girl slowly coming out of the bathroom with a flush.

"Sorry your first day had to be so lousy with all this." Hhe called back to the girl. "I swear, usually we're all very nice people."

The girl paused, her eyes suddenly more focused on the floor than on her conversation partner.

"I-It's fine." she called back, softly. "I don't really mind..."

Faust paused, looking the girl over as she mumbled, before pausing.

"Want me to walk you to the nurse's office?" he called, as she froze, shaking her head.

"No, No...it's okay.." she called, suddenly seeming far more interested with the floor than with her green haired conversation partner. "Th..Th...Thanks though...Necromonium-kun."

Faust raised his hand, as if waving away his last name.

"Call me Faust, Miyazaki-chan" he called lightly, the girl smiling a bit.

"Right....Faust-kun." she called back, flushing again before the two started off, parting ways as the boy started back to class.

As he walked down, the door to the girl's bathroom opened up slowly, a figure peeking out.

"Good....seems she made it." her voice called, before she started out, knowing she'd have to head to class soon.

~~~~~~

Faust found his way to class for the last class of the day, as he wondered about Niiya, the girl having not returned to class.

Musta left he thought as he returned his thoughts of the girls around him. All of those girls that had been picking on Niiya before, who had held her back when she was getting desperate had all wet themselves at precisely the right time for him to escape.

A little too convient, much moreso considering none of them had shown any desperation before flooding. Something that was always a tell in that sort of situation. As if he'd written their names in the Wet-note. However, he'd only written Niiya's name. That could only mean one thing.

Someone else had a Wet note. Unless the girls had some kind of synchronized peeing thing going on. (which was as likely as winning the lottery several times in a row)

His eyes glanced around the room, taking note of everyone.

Kusuri, Wynn, Yuno, other girls, other guys, the potiential suspects were endless. However, even if that was true, said person would also need the names of the girls, and he was sure that most of the people in the classroom didn't associate with them.

However, before he could ponder on it too long, a knocking was heard at the door. The teacher's voice prompted the person to enter, as a boy with dark red hair stepped in, with an unnervingly serious stare.

"May I borrow Necromonmium-kun for a bit?" the stern looking male called, as the teacher paused, before nodding.

"Yes, you may." He called, as Faust cringed, a little worried. He hadn't seen this person before, and as far as he knew, the person didn't go here. He had been a good head taller than Faust, and had a bit more of a build to him under his clothes. To be blunt, the boy looked a bit thuggish, but the teacher had let him go with this person so easily, so he couldn't be that bad....right?

He hesitantly stood up and followed the figure out where he was lead through the school building, heading past several classrooms. What was wrong? Had he done something? Had he been too careless in writing Niiya's name? Had he been seen? He walked quickly, yet quietly as the red haired boy stepped out of the school building, prompting Faust to do the same.

Faust hesitated, but followed him out of the building, before he suddenly felt himself being lifted by his collar.

"Alright asshole, where do you get off?!" the boy snarled quickly, having lifted Faust up high. "Do you get your sick kicks out of tourmenting people?" Faust flinched, as he dangled from the boy's grip.

"Wh-what do you mean?" He called back, nervously. Had the person seen him writing or something? Did he know?

"You know damn Well what I'm talking about you little shit." the boy spat back venomusly. "Someone's first day of school and you have the gall to pick on her? You make me sick." Faust dangled helplessly as he heard the accusations. Picking on someone?

"I haven't..." he started as he felt himself slammed against the wall.

"Don't give me that!!" the figure harped, reeling back an arm. "I'll teach you a lesson for..."

"Haoul, No!!" a familiar voice called, as the two boys flinched, the red haired boy's fist stopping right in front of Faust's face as his glare eased minutely

"Niiya?" he called, before reeling back again. "I was just about to.."

"You don't understand, he wasn't picking on me! He was helping me!" she called, storming over to him, grabbing his arm. "So let him go!!"

Faust felt the boy's grip lax on him as the red haired boy faced the silvery haired girl, looking down at her.

"You told me..." He started before the girl bopped him on the head.

"You weren't listening!!" Niiya's voice called sharply. "I was trying to say that Faust-kun was the reason I only had a little spot. If it wasn't for him, I would have had an accident in class because of these mean girls."

"You said this Necromonium-kun took you into the boy's bathroom, and you peed in front of him." The boy countered sharply. "Sounded like he..."

"No! No!! NO!!! Stupid Big Brother!!" Niiya's voice cried, her small balled up fists punctuating her words as they stuck the red haired figure.

"Faust-kun didn't do anything wrong! The girl's room was closed, and I couldn't move! So he carried me like a gentleman! I just...happened...to....ummm"

"So you did then?" the red haired boy retaliated, this time with less anger, and more teasing in his voice.

"Th-That's Not the point!!!!" Niiya snapped hurriedly, her face turning beet red as they squabbled for a few minutes, prompting Faust to step back for a bit.

Eventually, the two settled down, as Niiya turned.

"Sorry my brother caused you so much trouble Faust-kun." she called to the green haired boy sweetly, clearly apologetic. "I called him to pick me up, but when I told him about you, he started looking for you. I tried to follow him, but I got lost. Thank God that I made it in time."

Faust chuckled nervously.

"Yeah...I woulda been paste." He replied lightly, as the red haired boy moved over to him again.

"My apologies..." he called. "Niiya says I've got quite the temper, but she's my little sister so...."

"I Understand.." Faust called, waving his hand as if to wave away any worries. "You got me out of class at least."

The red haired boy smiled for the lightest of moments, before leaning in with a sharp, demonic grin.

"Though if you keep it up with the indecent acts, I'll mess you up, understood?" he threatened under his breath, as the silver haired girl grabbed his ear, yanking him away.

"Let's go already Nii-san." she called in a punctuated tone. "Faust-kun has to go back to class."

"Agh, dammit Sis, not my left ear." could be heard as the two slowly started off, Faust sweatdropping a bit.

I thought I told her that was our secret... Faust thought as he stepped inside the building again, and started to head back to class.

He turned the corner to the hall where his classroom was, but froze as the sound of a door shutting filled the hall.

Looking to find the source of the noise, Faust noticed a telltale trail of drops leading to the girl's bathroom. Had someone....?

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter End. To be continued In chapter 6

*031*2011-07-31 02:10

Faust apologizes for the Delay. It's been a long Long bit of time for Faust, and he hadn't had much drive to write.

But here's the next chapter. Faust hopes you like it.

Chapter 6:

Faust followed the little trail of drops to the source, looking up at the girl's bathroom door. He wanted to go in and see who it was, but there was the slight problem of gender to contend with.

Raising a hand to the door, he knocked carefully, wondering if he could be heard as a few sniffles filled the bathroom door. Someone...was crying?

"Hello?" Faust called through the door, the sobbing ceasing at his voice.

"F......Faust?" the voice called back, prompting a flinch from the green haired student as he nodded through the door.

"Yeah...?" He called back to the voice, as silence filled the area between them again, the various noises of bathroom-stuffs being the only breaks in the silence.

About a minute later, the door opened, as a familiar purple haired figure emerged from the door, looking at Faust with teary eyes. One look at her told Faust that it was one of the girls from his Class. One that he knew fairly well.

"Faust....We need to talk." Kusuri's voice called out, as he looked her over. Her skirt was slightly dark in the front, and her skin seemed a bit flushed. However, as his eyes glanced over her, her body shifted to the side.

"Can....can we head to the nurses office first though?"

Faust snapped himself out of his little distraction, before nodding quietly.

"Yeah, sure." he called, as the two started down the hall, another pervasive silence filling the space between them. Soon enough, they arrived at the office, as Kusuri opened the door.

"Hello? Miss Litzer? It happened again." she called as a slightly older, blond haired woman turned from her desk, looking at Kusuri with a sort of sympathetic look.

"Ah, well, you know where they are." she called, apparently having dealt with Kusuri before. Faust couldn't help but pause at this. Had...had it happened often with her? Kusuri bowed to her before moving to the back room quietly.

As Kusuri started off though, the nurse shifted her attention to him with a small, yet piercing glance.

"Did you have an accident too? There's clothes over.." She started as Faust shook his head.

"No, I didn't. I was just following her cause she wanted to talk to me." Faust stated plainly, as she paused.

"Well...okay.." she called sternly as if analyzing him. "We've just had a lot of....incidents, lately, and I was just trying to offer support." Faust blinked at this, his mind starting to shift into gear at this.

"Incidents? You mean.." he started before the purple haired girl re-emerged, wearing a sort of gym outfit. A white shirt that was a little big on her, with some dark blue gym shorts that looked like Bloomers. Faust couldn't help but flush a bit at how it hugged her hips tightly as Kusuri grabbed his arm.

"We need to head to class.." she called to Faust and Ms. Litzer quickly, the nurse penning down a pair of notes for the two before they started back out of the office. However, instead of going through the halls, Kusuri lead Faust to the door, and pushed him outside with her. Faust merely went along, curious as to what she was up to. She was usually such an obsessive student, always studying on her own. The last person he would expect to skip out on cla..

"Okay, I think we're safe here..." She called as she turned suddenly to Faust, with a sort of firm look. Giving a few glances around the area to make sure that they were alone, she looked him in the eyes.

"Faust.....I think there's something wrong in the school." Kusuri called, as Faust snapped back to reality for a bit, looking her back in the eyes. "Like.......really wrong."

"Hm? Howso?" he asked, noticing something he hadn't before. Kusuri seemed to have two different colored eyes. One Purple, and one brown. Strange. He didn't know she was he...

"Have you been asleep these past few days, or are you blind?" she stated loudly, before pausing, her face suddenly tinting a bit as she looked to the side. "People have been....having accidents a lot lately. And there's no explained reason for it."

Faust paused at hearing this, thinking of the wet note he had, before shrugging.

"Maybe it's school food?" he joked lightly, as Kusuri turned back.

"This is Serious!" she called, stamping her feet. "It's really weird. Some people just, out of the blue, start fidgeting and shaking without any prior notice, before they just start wetting their pants! It's like some kind of strange epidemic!"

Faust paused again, thinking to the book. He hadn't written that many names in the book. He knew that much. So, it couldn't be him. Maybe the Wet Note had some kind of negative reprecussions for repeated use. Though, one would think that it would be imporant enough to list in the ru....

"I mean, Even I've had to deal with it!" Kusuri continued, a small flush crossing her face again. "I was just working on my classwork, and then out of nowhere, an urge hit me, even though I hadn't drank a thing today. And before i knew it, it was too much and..."

She suddenly silenced herself, flushing deeply at how she was speaking so directly of it, and to Faust of all people.

"So you're suggesting someone's causing all of this?" Faust stated plainly, as the girl paused.

"Y-yeah." Kusuri called. "Most of the victims have been in our classroom, so I think we can safely assume that it's someone in there."

Faust paused a bit, thinking. Well, this was a fine mess to be stuck in. Someone had figured something was up, and was just as well talking about it to the person that was involved in it. He felt a sort of cruel irony in it, as he tried to form a cover story, not wanting to be ousted as the one who could have been behind it.

"Yeah.." he called after some thought, stroking his chin intellecutally. "The question is, Who would do such a thing?"

Kusuri stopped for a bit, as her face seemed to scrunch a little in thought itself.

"Probably some kind of weird pervert that.." She started, before the color drained from her face again, as she fell silent. Faust blinked, surprised as he leaned in.

"Hey...are you okay?" he called, as Kusuri's legs locked together, and she bent over.

"C...crap...Not again.." she stated, as she started to squirm, a few beads of sweat dropping from her as she bent over, the tight gym shorts squeezing against her body as she turned.

"Not again..?" Faust called, before he paused. "W-wait! Does that mean..."

Kusuri turned around, her knees knocking lightly as she moved forward, her body bouncing as she struggled. It didn't take a lot of experience for Faust to recognize desperation when he saw it. After a short waddle, Kusuri bent down, hooking her fingers into the sides of the tight shorts to prepare herself. However, before she tugged at them, she turned back to Faust with a deep flush.

"D...Don't watch me!!" she called back to Faust as a small spurt sounded out, and she dripped from the front of her shorts. Kusuri let out a small squeak of surprise, before tugging at them quickly. After a small struggle, a loud gushing sound filled the area, along with a slight sigh of relief.

Faust, after flinching from the shock and getting a view of blue stripes under the shorts, quickly turned around and covered his ears with his hands, flushing deeply. Despite that though, he still managed to hear some of the gushing coming from Kusuri. Man, it was being such a weird day. Maybe there was something going around. Some kind of....weird, omo bug that he was unaware of. It would explain all of the other accidents around there.

But then again, there could be another thing going on. Perhaps....

"Ohh...Ohh.." Kusuri's voice called out again, as the gushing seemed to have ceased. Unsure, Faust turned around, lightly.

"Is it safe to look now?" he called, the purple haired girl flushing again as she was still in place.

"N...No!!" she called, a little too late. Faust's (mostly) innocent peek given him an almost perfect view of the girl's rear, a small stream, and reassured him of her choice in panties. He quickly turned back around at this though, and waited silently with his hands over his eyes.

Oh man oh man, she's gonna kill me.. he thought as the silence between them returned, Kusuri finishing up and fixing herself back up.

"Man....this is embarassing.." she called, an obvious trail of wet spots on her shorts. "Maybe...it'll dry out."

Faust remained in place, not wanting to risk looking like a pervert before a hand touched his shoulder, lightly.

"It's fine now..." Kusuri called, mumbling a bit under her breath as her face flushed. Maybe, with the sun as it was, it'd dry out soon.

Faust hesitantly turned around, his eyes momentarily dropping to her shorts before rising back up with a flush, as Kusuri looked around the area again.

"They must be around here somewhere.." Kusuri called, as she turned back to Faust, with a flush. "I'm going to go look for them. You should probably head back to class, or leave Faust. I wouldn't want.."

Faust seemed to be looking around as well, before hearing her comments.

"Wouldn't want what?" He inquired before she flushed again.

"I mean...Uhh...gotta go." She stated, before darting off in a random direction, flushing deeply.

Faust watched her run off, noticing the dark spot on her shorts with a flush before turning around.

Would he go back to class? Or just head home? He hadn't decided. But after something like this, barring any strange coincidences, this little event clinched one thing for him for sure.

Someone else had a Wet Note. It was the only logical solution.

And as Faust paced around, thinking, a pair of eyes seemed to emerge from some nearby shrubbery, watching him with unblinking, unflinching eyes.

"There....Found him."

[To be continued in chapter 7]

*036*2011-09-03 23:02

For no particular Reason, Faust has decided to make this more of Half of a chapter instead of a whole one. Don't question Faust, he's been rather tired, and called in sick today to finally finish this. (and because he actually got sick earlier. ;~; )

Faust....just hopes it's at least somewhat up to standards.

Chapter 7, Part 1: A warning

Soon after the little sidetracking event, the release bell rang, and the students all filed out of class, neatly.

As Faust melded in quietly with the group, a familiar pair of arms wrapped around him, as something leaned against his back.

"It feels like it's been forever, Faust." Yuno's voice cooed out. "Yuno thought she was going to die of loneliness."

Faust paused a bit, before adjusting himself so that he faced her, and smiled.

"Yeah...Sorry about that." He called to her, as the girl nuzzled into his chest. "I've...been busy."

Yuno continued to bury herself in Faust's arms, feeling a bit warmer than before. Faust gently escorted Yuno to their bus, and started the ride home.

"H-hey...Faust.." Yuno's voice called, her face flushed. "Yuno....feels a little ill. Could you...wake her up when it's our stop?"

Before Faust could reply, the girl's head laid down in Faust's lap, her body relaxed as she fell asleep. He quietly placed a hand on her forehead, then to his own to check her temperature. Sure enough, she felt a little hotter than he did, and as such, probably caught something. Maybe a fever, or the like. Faust sighed a bit under his breath at this, holding the girl in his lap.

However, as he did, the squirming of a now familiar figure caught his eye, and he looked over to see a familiar shade of purple.

"Kusuri?" He called quietly to himself, as the girl squirmed in her seat. His eyes flashed around the bus, looking for someone writing in a notebook. It...It didn't seem right for a girl to have to go so much in a day without outside interference.

However, his search bore so fruit, and as their stop neared, he could see Kusuri walking in the same kind of stagger as earlier. Entranced for a bit, he almost forgot about the stop being his own as well, and thus, began to shake Yuno lightly.

"C'mon Yuno....it's our stop." he called, as the pink haired girl slowly opened her eyes, and smiled back at Faust.

"Kay..." she called quietly, raising up with a small yawn and stretching her arms out.

The two quietly stood up and walked off the bus, Faust catching Kusuri rounding the corner to her house with a hurried stagger.

Silently wondering if she was going to make it, he started down the road towards his own House, with Yuno leaning against him the whole way.

As he closed the door to his home with the two inside it, he turned to Yuno.

"You want to take a shower or something?" he called to her quickly. "That always helps me feel better when I'm..."

His words were interrupted by Yuno's falling against him, the boy barely having enough time to catch her before she would have met the ground.

"Y..Yuno!" he called, hearing her snoring lightly, her body burning up. He sighed deeply, before lifting Yuno up, and placing her on the couch.

He sighed, before reassigning his focus to a slightly more important problem at the moment....

The second Wet Note Holder. He had firmly established that someone in the building was using one, aside from him. And as he looked in his bag, he could be assured that he still had his own notebook. So, it hadn't been stolen....

He went over as much as he could, trying to find out any little clue that could lead him to the culprit. Unfortunately, he had no such idea of something to link to it. Especially considering the versatility of the note. If you had someone's name and face, you could just write their name in, and no one would be any the wiser.

How do you figure something like that out?! He groaned a bit under his breath, before he started on his homework. No sense in neglecting his schoolwork for the sake of that. So far, the other note holder hadn't done anything.....that bad. The girls tourmenting Niiya rather deserved it, and unless his note had worked when partially written his teacher's name, she wasn't exactly Ms. Innocent either. But still....

Eventually, Night fell, and Faust finished his work. Yuno remained asleep on the couch the whole time, her body feeling a bit less warm after such a period of time. Faust yawned as he pondered more on the mysterious Wet Note holder, before standing from his seat.

"I'll think more on it tommorow." he called, changing into his pajamas as he laid down in his bed.

~~~~~~~

The next thing Faust knew, he had been on the bus again, sandwiched between a pair of girls.

"Hey...isn't this a little tight?" A familiar green haired girl called out, squirming a bit as another figure pressed against Faust.

"Yuno thinks it's comfortable." Yuno's voice called out, cheerily. "But...Yuno's feeling sleepy." The Pink haired girl wiped her eyes in a cute manner, before the green haired girl mimiced her actions.

"Yeah...." Wynn called. "It's...too early. Would you mind, Faust?"

The boy shrugged a bit, before the two laid down in his lap, Yuno's facing inward, and Wynn's outward, back to back almost.

"Mmm~ Faust's lap is so comfortable~" Yuno's voice called, as Wynn sighed.

"Yeah....It's...just like a pillow.." Wynn replied, nuzzling his legs a bit. "And It's warm too~"

Faust himself laxed a bit, leaning back in the seat. Their heads on his lap....They felt oddly comforting, and warm as well. He himself leaned back further, and closed his eyes. So Nice, So warm...So....

"Fau~st! Faust!!!!" Yuno's voice called out, as the boy opened his eyes, the pink haired girl staring down over him, with a flush. The boy looked up, grumbling incoherently.

"Yeah? What is it?" he called, before noticing Yuno's eyes glancing downward. As he followed her gaze, he was now apparent the warm feeling in his lap hadn't subsided when he awoke.

"Faust...Faust..." Yuno called, flushing deeply as the boy flung the covers off, with a deep flush.

"I...Ah...Ummm.." he stated, Yuno speechless and flustered. He quickly snatched up a fresh pair of clothes, and started to the bathroom. "I'm...going to clean up!"

He hastily disrobed, looking at his stained clothes, before hopping in the shower to clean off. It was weird..he hadn't felt it come on or anything. Did that mean...?

"Faust......There's a letter for you." Yuno's voice called through the bathroom door. Faust flinched at the comment, but nodded.

"I'll get it when I get out." He called, still flustered over the morning's events.

A short while later, he stepped out of the shower and changed. As he opened the door, Yuno handed him the small, unmarked envelope with a deep flush.

"U...Umm....here.." she called, quietly. "Yuno....took care of your sheets..."

Faust flushed at this, but nodded quietly.

"Thanks..." he replied back, starting into the living room as Yuno took over the bathroom for her morning needs.

Faust took a seat on the couch, looking the envelope over. It was marked 'To Faust' so it wasn't that hard to figure it was for him. Barring other Fausts, of course.

Slowly tearing the envelope open, he pulled out a folded sheet of paper from the inside, and flipped it.

I know Who you are...Faust Necromonium.

*042*2011-10-14 04:52

Faust apolgizes once again for the long wait between posts. His wrist has been killing him, and he's been in an artistic Slump. Hopefully, this chapter won't be too bad.

Chapter 7, part 2: Progress?!

Warning: No descriptive wettings this time. Only plot.

Faust noticably flinched at reading the first line.

They...they know who I am? he thought, linking the events together. Unless he missed his guess, that meant that the person with the other note knew who he was. It was a good explanation for why he had wet his bed, despite having no such troubles before.

But still, this was serious. If the person knew who he was, then that meant they could target him, and all of his friends. Unless...they already had. He thought back to Kusuri the day before, and Yuno the very same day he got the note. Maybe it was just coincidence, but he couldn't be sure.

Looks like I've got a big mystery on my hands. he said quietly to himself, noticing a few more words on the paper.

Don't involve the police, or you'll regret it. This is just between us. I know you have one too, I've seen you writing in it.

Faust gulped a bit at the comments, almost hearing some meanacing voice calling out to him. So, the person knew that he had a note too. He could have sworn he'd been a little more discreet with the writings than usual, but that wasn't the issue.

This note isn't a threat, by the way, it's merely a challenge. I want you to see if you can find me, Faust. Use that brain of yours, and put together the pieces. If you can find me by the weeks end, I'll give up my notebook to you, and everything will be fine. Of course, if you can't, I'll be taking yours.

Faust cringed at reading the words. A challenge? This was some kind of game to someone? The idea made him cringe, but he couldn't back down. If he informed the police, he could probably find out in an instant. However, he shuddered at the thought of what would happen if he did that. If anything, he just needed to use his head for this.

Well, he could probably safely eliminate Yuno as the person, seeing as he lived with her. Kusuri and Wynn too, as neither of them seemed suspcicious of him. Niiya was a slight possibility, but....she didn't seem the type. Ugh, his head hurt from thinking on this. Sometime, he would have to sit down, and compile the facts, but it was too early in the day for him to think about it. Folding the paper up, and placing it in his pocket, a familiar pink haired figure poking her head from the hall.

"Anything important, Faust?" she asked, beaming with a sort of morning glow. Faust shook his head, as he turned, gesturing her along.

"Nah, it's nothing Yuno." he called with an easy smile. "Just some junk mail. Do me a favor and don't tell anyone about this morning, okay?"

A small flush could be seen over Yuno's face as she nodded quietly, moving to his side.

"S..sure." she called, holding out a hand. "B..but in return, would you...be willing to....hold Yuno's hand on the way to the bus stop?"

She fidgeted a bit as she held her hand out for Faust, the boy smiling lightly.

"Fair enough." he called, gripping her hand lightly as they started out, walking side by side to the bus stop. Despite the rather innocent looking situation, Yuno seemed to burn with embarassment at how forward it seemed. A girl, easily pleased it seemed.

Eventually, the two got to the stop, and Yuno hastily let go of Faust's hand, not wanting him to scold her for holding it too long. The palms of her hand were a bit sweaty from her display, feeling a tad bold for getting to hold his hand...in public. Where anyone could see them... She took a few steadying breaths as they waited on their bus, wanting to rid herself of her flush before anyone could get suspicious.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

First period came and went, leaving the class with some free time for a change. Faust laid down his pencil, before looking around the room a bit. If the note he got earlier wasn't just some elaborate prank, it had to be someone who could get his name easily. And since he didn't think a teacher would stoop that low, he assumed it had to be a fellow classmate.

The uh...question was, who to suspect? He didn't know about half the class, and by extension, he hoped they didn't know him that well. Looking to the side, he saw Niiya, sitting quietly at her table with a sort of smile on her face. Wynn sat on the other side of the classroom, apparently not too keen on sitting next to him today after the show from the other day. Speaking of, Kusuri had sat within a chair or two's distance from him today too, hadn't she? Of course, she started out at the sound of the bell, squirming urgently. Perhaps she was an example to be made, helping him along to his guess without being too obvious to attract attention?

"Faust is really quiet again today. Is something wrong?" the familar bubbly voice of Yuno called from his left to snap him out of his train of thought.

"Oh, no. I'm just....lost in thought." he called as he waved away any concern she might have, his eyes scanning the room again. As he did, an unfamiliar figure with thick rimmed glasses approached Niiya, saying something to her, which seemed to snap her out of her cheery mood, replacing her expression with a slight one of unease.

Faust paused, sitting down in his chair, and leering at the boy from afar, wondering. Was he the culprit? Making a move so suddenly, and in such plain sight. Surely he wasn't that stupid, was he? As Faust watched him, Niiya seemed to be getting more and more uncomfortable, a small flush appearing on her cheeks. As Faust went to stand up to move over to her though, she stood up.

"Sorry, I...uh..have somewhere to be." she called, hurrying out of the classroom with a deep flush on her face. Faust cringed at this, wondering just who the boy thought he was. Niiya seemed to be a magnet for trouble, that was for sure.

"Yuno wonders what Nguyen said to bother Miyazaki." Yuno chimed in again, as Faust turned.

"Y-you know who he is?" he called, suddenly. Yuno blinked quietly, nodding.

"Bao Nguyen. Twin brother of Ni Ngyuen. He's always being really quiet, and shady, but he hasn't made a move on Faust or Yuno, so he seems harmless enough." Yuno called in a quiet, yet precise manner. A little creepy to most, but Faust was used to it at this point. "Why? Is there something you want to know about him?"

Faust paused, before sitting back in his chair quietly.

"Yeah, kinda." he called, watching as another figure approached him, with a similar shade of hair, scolding him lightly. Bao himself flushed a bit, scratching the back of his head as he spoke. He watched the two quietly, before noticing the girl hand Bao a black notebook.

Faust flinched, as he saw it. Nothing was written on the cover, but neither was anything on his (to anyone else's knowledge). It had to be.....They were the other note holders? He thought for sure that it was just one!

Seeing Bao sit down, and With Niiya eventually making it back to class, flushing as she passed Faust, he paused. Thinking.

If they're the culprits, they're being pretty obvious about it. he thought, chewing on the tip of his pen as he did. I mean, a blatant hand off in class? How much more obvious could you get? But...what if they weren't? What if they were just passing notes? But what if they knew I would think that? Ugh..

Faust's head hurt thinking about it, sliding his head onto the desk.

If only I could just get them to confe.... he thought, before suddenly raising up.

"That's it!" he called, the whole class falling silent.

"What's it, Mr. Necromonium?" the teacher called, as Faust sat back down in his seat.

"N-Nothing. sorry." Faust called, sitting down embarassed. But he had an idea now! Pulling out the black notebook that was his wet note, he opened it up to a blank page, and pretended to pen down notes for a bit as he worked out the kinks of his plan. Eventually, Faust discreetly started on his plan, penning down the name.

Bao Nguyen meets Faust in the Hallway leading to the 3rd floor At 12:40. Hands his Notebook over to Faust as he runs off to the restroom, and ends up going at 12:43

A simple plan, to say the least. Unless the notebook had some kind of rule against just handing it over to someone else he hadn't heard of. Pausing, he turned to Yuno, penning down a small message and handing it to her.

Yuno, can you ask Ni about Bao for me today? I need to learn something... he penned, the pink haired girl smiling and nodding. Faust then went back to his notebook, penning in a second name.

Ni Nyguen. Meets Yuno Ga he started, before realizing what would happen. Erasing the first part of Yuno's last name, he continued his message.

Ni Nyguen. Meets Yuno at the lunchroom at 12:40 and tells her what Bao was doing before second period.

Faust then sat his pen down, as he waited. It was 12:20 at the moment, so it wouldn't be long before he'd know the truth. Time ticked on by, as he slowly waited, the minutes clicking before they were dismissed for lunch.

"Ah, ready for lunch Bao?" Ni called, as Bao seemed to nod, pausing a bit.

"Y..Yeah.." he replied, as Faust started up and out of the classroom, moving to the third floor to wait. He trusted Yuno to do her job, so he didn't want to screw up his. A few minutes passed by, before a familiar shade of black appeared, his legs shaking a bit.

"O-O-Oh, Necromonium..." Bao's voice called, a little shaky as he stood. Faust turned, with a mock indifferent look on his face.

"Yes? What is it?" he called, as the boy held out the black book to him, with a sense of urgency.

"C-can you hold this for a minute?" Bao called, shakily as he moved quickly. "I...don't want the third years to take it from me."

Faust nodded quietly, smiling.

"Sure I can. I'll see you in class?" he called, as Bao started off, legs half crossed as he hobbled away, muttering something about out of order signs.

Faust turned with a small grin, starting down the hallway and heading back to class. Sitting down in his chair triumphantly, he looked around the classroom to make sure no one was watching, and eyed the book confidently. This was it, he'd managed to get ahold of the note. He had....

"Ummm....Faust.." Yuno's voice called out, causing the boy to sieze up in a flash, surprised by her sudden appearance, as usual. "Yuno...figured out what Bao was up to."

Faust paused, glad that the note seemed to have done it's job for both of them. Regaining his composure, Faust focused his attention on Yuno as he held the book lazily in his hand.

"Good...good." he called, smirking a bit. "Well, what was it?"

Yuno flushed a bit more, her eyes not wanting to make contact with his.

"Well..Umm..." she called, her fingers poking together before Faust came to a horrible realization.

Wait, if Ni explained the note to Yuno then....damn! He didn't think this through enough. Now Yuno was going to think he was a weird pervert, he was..

"Bao......isn't exactly fond of girls." Yuno called, flushing deeply as she spoke. "And Ni likes to draw things for people. Yuno was going to ask what was in the notebook, but as soon as she said something else, Ni suddenly just started to...."

"Not...fond...of girls?" Faust replied, cutting off Yuno before cracking open the book thoughtlessly. What greeted him wasn't a list of names, or descriptions as he had anticipated. Instead, Faust and Yuno were greeted to an image of what appeared to be Faust and the red headed boy from yesterday, Haoul, (Niiya's brother) doing....something that caused Faust's head to tilt, and a small trickle of Red to start down Yuno's nose.

Well, on one hand, I doubt Bao or Ni has a Wet Note. Faust thought, Yuno's face turning a shade of red that would make a crayon jealous.

On the other hand, I don't think I'll ever be able to un-see this.

Faust closed the book quietly, as a voice went out over the intercom.

Janitor to the lunchroom with a mop, please. Janitor to the lunchroom with a Mop.

*044*2011-12-07 03:51

Chapter 8: Drama?!

Faust slumped over in his desk, frustrated as the bell signalling the end of class rang. He had returned the black notebook to Bao earlier, not suspecting him any further. On top of that, he spent the rest of the day trying to piece together the other note-holder's identity. It had to be someone who knew where he lived, and probably someone in his class.

"Ugh..." he said to himself, as he tried to remember everything. So many things had happened the past few days it was hard to keep track. If only...

"What's wrong, Faust?" Yuno's voice called, snapping him out of bit of Frustration, if momentarily.

"Oh, it's nothing Yuno." he called back, his eyes trailing to the window, feeling a hand on his face redirect him.

"There's something, isn't there?" Yuno called, red eyes staring into his, as if piercing into his very being. A little unsettled, he pulled away with a small flush, his eyes wandering.

"W...well...Yeah." he called, as the girl moved again, kneeling over to keep him at eye level.

"What is it? You can tell Yuno anything." she retorted, the serious expression melting into a softer, gentler stare. As Faust went to open his mouth, he heard a sudden rattling, followed by the door opening quickly. A fleeting glance revealed the source of this was the purple haired girl, Kusuri, who had a hand lowered. He cringed a bit, thinking to himself. Seemed the person was taunting him, again. "Keiraku? Yuno didn't think you were into her type." Yuno's voice called, moving back a bit. "Perhaps Yuno is a bit too forward with you? If so Yuno can..."

"Wh-what? No, That's not it!" Faust called hurriedly, "I...I've just been thinking..."

"About?" Yuno replied, her eyes flickering around the room, before resting back on his.

"W-Well..." Faust called, nervously as he struggled to find the words. "D-D-Doesn't it seem like we've had a lot of......Well...incidents, lately?" Aside from the few he'd caused, there were several more. The girls from Niiya's first day, Kusuri's, His....

"You mean as in....Bathroom related?" Yuno called, in a much quieter voice. A tinge of red could be seen on her face, her piercing gaze finally returning to a softer one. Embarassed, even. As for who, he wasn't entirely sure, but he nodded.

"Yeah.." Faust called, lightly. "Makes me wonder...if there's a connection between any of it. What do you think, Yuno?"

"Well actually.." Yuno's voice called, pulling out her phone, and flipping it open. "Yuno has been..."

"H-Hey....Faust." another voice called, the green haired figure from the other day, Wynn, with a flush. "I...I was just having a bit of trouble with the math work, and Yuno told me you were good with numbers....."

An almost silent curse rang out in Faust's head as Wynn interrupted, turning.

"I'm kind of.." he started, aiming to gently dissuade her, before suddenly feeling an arm on his, the girl unexpectedly grasping him firmly..

"Oh really? Thank you. I've just been so worried that I wouldn't be able to figure any of this out!" Wynn's voice called, sounding a bit less sincere, and more...frantic. As she spoke, the girl started to practically sprint out of the room, dragging the boy with her as Yuno turned, perplexed.

"Tatsumaki?!" Yuno called, her eyes flickering a bit in a none-too-pleasant expression before starting after the two, the green haired now kidnapper rounding the corner of the halls, and picked up the boy, starting into a full on run.

"T-Tatsumaki?" Faust spoke to the girl, trying to get her to snap out of it. He could feel the wind as she ran, finding it rather....odd. Wynn was never this forward, nor was she ever this.....Robotic.

The way she moved, her eyes focused naught but on the hallways in front of her. She kept running, rounding corners, and starting up the stairs. No matter how much Faust attempted to struggle, her firm grip kept him in place as she ran, zig-zagging through several other students with impunity.

"Wh-what the hell is..." Faust called as she started up the final flight of stairs, opening the door to the rooftop.

The soft blue sky, and the fluffy clouds did nothing to calm the girl or her captive, as she started over to the side of the roof, placing a hand on the fence seperating them from a long fall.

"Tell me Faust...are you scared of Heights?" The girl called, in an eerie voice. Faust looked up at the girl, her gaze seeming....transfixed. As if distracted by something far more enticing than the current situation they were in.

"W...well.." he called nervously. "I...Kinda A.."

"Let's test that, shall we?" Wynn's voice called, as she raised a leg, her shoe clattering against the gate with a shake. Faust started to panic, his arms starting to flail against her when suddenly, a different sound filled the air. A stangled hissing noise, followed by the sploshing sound of liquid hitting the ground. At the same time, Faust could see a small bit of yellow trailing down Wynn's leg. Almost immediately, the green haired girl sank to her knees, dropping the boy in a steadily growing puddle.

"Ha...hauu.." Wynn sounded, her voice sounding much different than before. She quivered as the warmth took over her, her body relaxing. Such relief....such warmth. Such.....weight?!

She opened her eyes and looked down, noticing the boy in her steadily wetter lap. Turning a shade of red that would make Yuno's former face look blue in comparison, Wynn let out a loud, piercing scream, before falling back, the girl fainting from pure embarassment.

Faust just laid there, confused as to what just happened. First she was going over the edge, now she was....fainting? What was going on?

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Is Faust Hurt?"

"No, I'm fine"

"Did she do anything weird to you?"

"I already said..."

"Did she show you her..."

"I already told you what happened Yuno." Faust re-stated, exasperated. "She just acted like a completely different person, and then after she wet herself, she fainted from embarassment."

Yuno gave him a small appraising glance, looking for any fine details in his gestures as he spoke, unconvinced it happened like that. After all, she was beet red, and in a puddle with Faust in her lap. Something about that didn't add up. Maybe if...

"So...uh, what were you going to talk about earlier, before we were...interrupted?" Faust called, snapping the girl out of her suspicion.

"Oh, right!" Yuno called, pulling out her phone again, as she handed it to Faust. "Yuno started to think there might be some kind of connection too, so she kept track of all of the related incidents in her phone. Like a diary!"

Faust paused, flicking through the list of incidents and names, looking at her.

"Some kind of...accident diary?" Faust called with a small gesture, noticing his name near the bottom. It was...embarassing to be on the list, but it was handy.

"Yeah, kinda." Yuno called, with an aside glance. "Yuno wishes she had more information to help you with...but...She doesn't get any of this."

Faust nodded lightly as he looked through the list, mentally reminding himself of Wynn's. It was...strange. Yuno, Sakura-sensei, Wynn, Niiya, Kusuri, Ni, and himself. It was...just too strange.

"Well, they all seem to be students in our classroom." he spoke, Yuno nodding.

"Yuno noticed that too!" she called perkily. "It's strange. This all started a while back. If only we knew what was causing all of these accidents, Yuno could probably find the person in no time flat."

Faust paused a bit, as he thought it over. Well, he knew just What was causing them, if not whom. The little black book in his backpack felt a bit heavier whenever he thought about it, knowing someone else had it. The question was, should he tell Yuno about the notebook?

"Yeah.." He called, his mind trying to process everything that went on that day. First, the incident in the morning, then the letter, followed by Bao and Ni, then the impromptu kidnapping, and lastly, the Yuno inquisition. It was a tiring day...

"Yuno thinks one thing though." She called, pointing at him. "Yuno thinks whomever is doing this, is targeting you Faust."

Faust paused again, flinching at the gesture. He wanted to tell her just how right she could be, but...he just didn't know. Would it be a good idea? Or would he be better off going at it alone?

"Yuno is very sorry she couldn't help you earlier, but she won't give you up to some kind of weird pervert!" she called, confidently as her fingers pushed together. "She would be devastated if she was to lose you to them. So...if you don't mind...can Yuno...stay here with you, until this is solved?"

Faust kept silent for a bit, before nodding.

"Sure thing Yuno." He called with an easy smile, the pink haired girl hugging him tightly in response. "I wouldn't want you to be worried about me again."

Yuno hugged him tighter, nodding along.

"Yes." she called, in a tearful voice. "Please...don't worry Yuno like that, ever again, okay?"

"I won't." He replied, hugging her back. As they maintained the position for a few seconds, he eventually let go, and they stood up. "Come on, it's time for bed."

Yuno flushed, but nodded, as she seemed to start humming happily.

"Yuno's staying with Fauuust~" she spoke in a sing-songy tone, twirling a bit as she moved. "And she doesn't even have to pick the lock~~"

Faust sweatdropped a bit, before preparing for bed. He'd have to decide on things tommorow, when his head wasn't so cluttered.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

