Nicky's Path

Author: Ranpalan

*000*2010-10-17 17:28

Here are a few stories I've written a long, long time ago. Female desperation and wetting, no age specified, but it's implied the main character is teenage. PDFs and .texes coming in a few minutes.

###

Part 1

Waking up, Nicole stretched and rolled over to her other side. Looking at the clock, she could see it was still very early - only 4 am, in fact. Slowly, she remembered about the school trip, and quickly got up. After getting dressed, Nicole went downstairs and got herself some breakfast, a long with a cup of coffee. Finishing it, and feeling that it wasn't working, she got herself a second one. 'Damn, why do all these trips start so early?' she thought to herself, quickly packing. Her class was going to The Versailles today, an event she was looking forward to, but waking up so early really wasn't doing her any good. She glanced at her watch, and ran outside to get her bike.

The journey to the school was a calm one. After getting there, Nicole met a few friends of hers, to whom she talked. Soon, the time had come, and they got into the bus. It was a small bus, with two rows of double seats, and five seats at the back. There were two doors, both leading outside. Nicole still felt tired, so she let herself fall asleep. After about half an hour, her dreams started to seem quite strange. She knew something was wrong, but just couldn't figure out what. Waking up, startled, she looked over at her friend, Amy, sitting next to her. Amy looked a little worried, rubbing her knees together, and once she noticed Nicole was awake, she whispered 'Good morning. I wish the bus would stop, I've had far too much coffee....', and leaned forward a little.

Nicole couldn't help feeling her own bladder was pretty full too, but didn't mention it, simply saying 'Auw, that's a shame. Why didn't you go before we left?'. Amy put a hand to her crotch, and replied 'I forgot... I'm going to go ask if we can make a stop.'. As Amy stood up, she let out another squirt. There was now a small wet spot on her jeans, which she tried to cover with her hands. Meanwhile, Nicole looked out of the window. Her bladder was still far from full, but they weren't close to Paris either. Amy returned, smiling, and sat down, saying 'They've finally agreed! We'll stop in a little!'. Secretly, Nicole wondered if Amy would manage the 'little' she was talking about, but she was happy too. Although she liked being desperate, this wasn't the time for it.

In half an hour, the bus came to a gas station and Amy hurried out. Nicole wasn't in any hurry so she decided to stay back at first. Once she stood to get out, she found the bathroom to have about all the girls in her bus qued up to it. Nicole's teacher, seeing where she was looking, came up to her and said 'You might just as well hold it to Paris, it's only another half an hour or so.'. Nicole pretended to smile, and went back to her seat, but wasn't certain she made the right choice. There was no going back, however, as the students started to come back in and the bus left. In the first few minutes, her urge decreased, and she laughed at herself thinking she was desperate, but it soon came back, worse than it was.

Nicole shifted her butt a little, which caught Amy's attention. 'You can't possibly need it again!' she said, laughing, but Nicole frowned and whispered 'I didn't have a chance to go then...'. Squirming in her seat, she had her legs tight together and was leaning forward a little, slightly rubbing her knees. It wasn't helping much though, and every bump in the road was making it worse. However, she managed to hold it to the stop, and ran up to her teacher, asking where the bathroom is. He told her that there should be one on the train station, and that they'll probably stop by there once everyone got out of the bus.

Standing there, waiting, Nicole cursed herself for not going earlier, and felt herself release a squirt. She held her crotch now, and could barely keep up with the class, which was now going to the bathrooms. Her bladder was loosing a drop with every step, making her walk slowly, so once again, she was in the very end of the line. Limping forward as the line slowly moved, she saw another girl, not from her class, loose it while waiting. This didn't help, and she knew she had a wet spot now. Determined to make it, she held on. After what seemed like an eternity, she was inside, waiting for a stall. She was correct to dread the flush - her bladder made quite an attempt to empty itself when she heard it - but even with a wet spot the size of a tennis ball, Nicole nearly jumped into the first stall to become empty, and quickly pulled down her jeans and underwear.

###

Part 2

Walking towards the Versailles with her class, Nicole thought about her morning desperation. She nearly lost it then, but did barely manage to get to the bathroom. It was a warm, sunny day and so she was occasionally taking a sip from her large, 1.5l water bottle, which she had soon emptied. As they walked past a drink machine, Amy stopped for a second to buy herself and Nicole something. Getting thirsty in the sun, Nicole took the drink, although under normal conditions she wouldn't - her stomach felt quite full.

The drink went right through Nicole, as did most caffiene, really. She didn't need to go bad, but when she saw them arrive at the palace, she was still relieved. Waiting patiently, however, she listened to the instructions, which slowly turned into an excursion. They walked around, Nicole getting more and more desperate as time went on. Within 20 minutes, she was stepping from foot to foot, and within another 10 bendin over slightly, one leg a little raised. The teacher had told her she'd have to wait until the end of the excursion, but she knew she wouldn't manage that.

Her legs tightly crossed, Nicole was sitting in the last part - the theatre. She had one hand squeezing her crotch, and was leaning forwards too. To give her bladder some space, she undid her front jeans button, but that only helped for a little. Soon, she was just as desperate, and had to hold herself with both hands. The movie started. It showed of the history of Paris, with several shots of the Sena, which Nicole barely made it through. Keeping a firm grip on her crotch, she was nearly crying from desperation.

As soon as it ended, she tried to make for the exit... but froze in her seat. Her bladder was just on the edge, and it wouldn't like her standing up. She risked rising a little, only to feel several squirts escape. Tears on her eyes, she sat there, and felt that it was too much for her, or to be precise, for her bladder. Anything she would now do would make her loose it. The action didn't make her wait long - Amy shook her on her shoulder, checking Nicole was still awake, and she felt herself lose it.

###

Part 3

Nicole changed, and lay down in her bed. They were staying in Paris for two days, and during the first she had already had two wettings. She wasn't the only one, though, so not many people teased her about it, but it was still embarassing. She just finished drinking her tea, and lay down, falling asleep almost immediately, despite her bladder not being very empty. It was slowly filling up with all the tea she drank, giving her a strange dream.

She lying in a field, watching the stars. Slowly, her bladder filled up. As she got desperate, she felt a weight on her bladder, as if someone had put a stone on it. Trying to get up, she found that she couldn't, because her arm and legs were chained to the ground. Getting more and more desperate, with the weight on her bladder simultaneously increasing, she was about to wet herself when the scene changed. She was now in class, again desperate. The teacher refused to give her permission to leave, so she held it as well as she could. Again, she made it to the edge by shifting her weight, crossing her legs, and various other squirming methods, but none of those were sufficient. As the scene changed a second time, she found herself on stage. It must have been a presentation she had to give, and everyone was waiting for her to start, but she was just standing there, squirming. Suddenly, she knew she was in her hotel room again, with Amy. Standing up, she went over to the bathroom and peed.

Waking up, Nicole found herself wet. 'Huh? But I went to....' she thought, and realised she must have dreamed it. 'What's wrong with me?' she asked herself, sitting up and putting her head on her knees. Tears formed on her eyes, and she started crying quietly.

%nicky1.pdf

%nicky2.pdf

%nicky3.pdf

%nicky1.tex

%nicky2.tex

%nicky3.tex

