Dropped in a new world Arc 1

Author: lightman

*004*2018-05-15 02:30

After the day Bab had, I gave her the bed again as soon as we got back.

“If I see Marvo before we leave I'm frying his ass,” Bab said as she slowly began to regain body function.

“Language little girl,” I told her as I took a seat next to her.

“Shut up. No one understands me,” Bab told me.

“Still kids shouldn't cures,” I tell her.

“I'm not a fucking kid,” she snapped at me before rolling over, and ignored me.

I just sighed, leaving it as it was, and began sorting the items we got. I then looked over at my pack. All this fuss over a stupid bag?

“I get my stuff might be rare, but is it really necessary to go that far?” I asked out loud.

“Gun,” Bab mumbled.

“Gun?”

“There have been others who have bought stuff like that into this world. Stuff that can make people feel good when burned. Stuff that can help the sick.” Bab explained without looking at me.

“But you guys have magic. You can shoot lightning, Noah healed us not too long ago.” I told her, still not getting it.

“Ya, we use magic. How many people in town have you seen wearing this?” Bab asked and raised her hand with the bracelet up.

Now that she mentioned it, I hadn't. The only people I'd seen so far had been Sherry, Noah and the guys that attacked us.

“80% of people who get the bracelet die with it. Whether by monsters or the curse. So most people don't risk it,” Bab explained.

“Why did you put one on then?” I asked her. For me, I wanted to go home, and this was the only option I had, but Bab? She still wouldn't tell me why she forced a bond. Even now she just ignored me again.

She didn't move from that spot at all until it was time for dinner, which she quickly ate, drank her bottle, and shoved the pacifier in her mouth before laying back down.

I still didn't understand why she was so mad.

I decided to leave the window cracked a bit just in case before I went to sleep myself, hoping tomorrow will be a lot better.

###

The next morning I was greeted with a full diaper and a knock on the door. Bab’s reaction was just complete fear. She really didn't want any more people than necessary to see her in a diaper, let alone a full one.

“Who is it?” I asked without opening the door.

“It’s Sherry, I came to invite you both to breakfast,” Sherry said through the door.

“Cool, we’ll meet you downstairs in a few minutes; we’re getting dressed right now,” I told her, hoping that would buy us enough time to change a diaper without her knowing.

“Ok I'll meet you downstairs,” she said and we heard her leave.

After a quick diaper change, and quickly packing my stuff, we both went downstairs to meet Sherry and check out of the inn.

Sherry took us to a small restaurant where we meet with Noah. They were even kind enough to pay for breakfast.

“So we wanted to know what your plans were,” Sherry asked.

“To be honest, we don't know. I was told if I can find enough magic users I might be able to go home,” I told them

“No one's been able to do that in years. But if you're determined to do it, then may I make a suggestion?” Noah asked.

“Go ahead.”

“Go north to Omorashi city. There you should be able to find a guild or something to help” Noah suggested. and that actually wasn't a bad idea.

“There's just one problem.” Sherry commented. Of course, there was. “The further north you go the stronger the monsters. So I recommend going to Pa’a kingdom first.”

“The what kingdom?” I asked.

“The Pa’a kingdom, they are one of the kingdoms of the world. Each kingdom was made after a dark crystal was destroyed, making the one who destroyed it a king or queen.” Sherry explained and pulled out a map.

The kingdoms were Pa’a, Parïtet, altabuul, on Misae, and Pariti, and Paridade on Guadalupe. Parïtet was the furthest south on Misae and directly west of us. Above them was Pa’a and further north than that was Altabuul.

“The kingdoms all have people who are very powerful, and Pa’a has some of the best trainers from all over,” Noah told us.

“Trainers?” I asked.

“They are veterans who have been fighting for a long time and have retired. To make money, they help train people to get stronger and teach them new ways of killing monsters.” Sherry explained.

“What do you think Bab, should we go to Pa’a?” I asked her. She just nodded in agreement.

“By the way have you picked a class you want to be?” Noah asked.

I did actually. I had to think long and hard about what I wanted to be. Out of all of them, I took out mage, bow, and rogue. They just wouldn't suit me well. Tamer was a good option since I could possibly get a good monster to team up with. But it would basically be a big pet, and right now I don't have the money to take care of one. I was stuck between fighter and hunter for the longest time.

The fighter was the better balance of stats, while hunter focuses on speed and regen. Fighter also has more classes they can turn into later while hunter doesn't but has some useful skills. But in the end, I knew what I had to be.

Alexander March

Stats- lv1

HP-60 (+4)

Attack-20 (+3)

Defence-19 (+5)

Speed-20 (+2)

Regen-7 (+1)

Manna-22

Class-hunter

Skills-hunter eyes.

Weapons-knife

Element-ice

Partner-Bab Ados

Stats- lv11

HP-39 (+10)

Attack-6

Defence-6 (+10)

Speed-6 (+5)

Regen-5 (+3)

Manna-132

Class-mage

Skills-potion maker

Weapons-none

Element-lightning

Money ###

Gold 3)

Silver 79)

Bronze 40)

Copper 0)

I had to go with the hunter for the skills. Hunters central ability is hunter's eyes. This will allow me to locate monsters a lot easier and also shows me what's valuable to them. Also, they have 2 other skills I can learn at lv10 and lv20. Basically, those skills will help us out a lot more than anything else at the moment. I might change classes later on, but for now, I'll be a hunter.

“I got to say that's a good pick,” Noah said as I told him. “That class will come in handy.”

“Yep and now you should be able to use storage,” Sherry told me.

Sherry then showed me how it worked and explained it to me. The higher the class, the more you can store. Right now because my class is still low, I can only store up to 10 items. Luckily there's a special trick to the magic. If you were to put 10 coins into the storage that would count as 10 items. But if you put the coins in a bag before you put it in then it’s only counted as one.

Meaning Bab’s and my bag only count as 2 items! Sweet!

“By the way, couldn't you have used it?” I ask bab.

“No, it only works when both parties are above a base class. I had to wait for you,” Bab tells me and puts her backpack in the storage we shared.

“Oh and I had a few things for you,” Noah told me as he pulled a few things out of his storage.

The first was a book on monsters. It had everything from what they are, to what they drop and what the drops can be used for. Also scribbled on were some of Noah's own notes.” the next was a map of Misae. And finally, he pulled out a sword.

It was a medium-sized sword, about the length of my elbow to my fingers, and it was twice as heavy as my old sword.

“I can't take that,” I told him.

“You're not, I'm loaning it to you. Right now you don't have the money to get a proper weapon. I want you to use that sword, and if we ever meet, again I want you to pay me back.” Noah told me.

It was hard to argue with him. All I could do was say thank you.

Both Noah and Sherry saw us off as we left the little town I only now found out was called Ubunye town.

“Why did you give him that sword?” Sherry asked Noah once we were out of earshot.

“Like I said, he’s going to need it.”

“But you spent months getting the materials just for it.” Sherry reminded him.

“Yep and I'm gambling that I'll soon get something better later,” Noah told her, a smile now on his face

### 4 days later.

Traveling by foot sucks. Walking with a kid who has to take a break from walking every 2 hours, was worse.

It took Bab and I a day to get to Ubunye town only because I was training on and off the whole time. Usually, it would just take 6 hours. Thanks to Bab being so small, she couldn't walk for more than 2 and a half hours at a time, with a half an hour break. I tried to have her ride on my back, but because the ground was so uneven it was hard to walk while carrying her. But I did have an idea for something later on.

During her breaks, I would do a little training of my own. It wasn't much, but after 4 days I finally got used to the weight of the sword.

Even while we were walking, I was trying new ice magic. I now had 2 new spells. One was ‘Ice breath’, where I blew cold air out. The more mana I used, the colder it got. The other was ice shard. I could form a little ice shard and even levitate it a bit. I could then use it as a throwing weapon.

Bab had also been very pissed at me the last two days because I stole her pants. Her diapers were small enough that they could be hidden by regular pants. But with her walking around so much, I noticed she was getting a heat rash on her legs around the diaper because of the pants.

So I took them.

Oh, Bab yelled and complained as she didn't have anything else to wear. (Note to self, get her more clothes.) So to cover up the diaper I made her a skirt. I zipped up my jacket, her small body fit thru the head hole and tied the sleeves around her waist to keep it up.

It wasn't the best looking skirt but her legs could now breathe, and it made changing her a whole lot easier.

Next was camping. Bab had no idea how it worked and was stunned when we had to share my small tent. She tried to say I had to sleep outside at which point I picked her up and hung her by the sleeves of the jacket skirt right off a tree.

“Ok, I'm getting tired of that bossy attitude,” I tell her.

“Let me down you ass!” she yelled as she struggled with getting herself down but found I tied the sleeves too well.

“That is MY tent, the food you are eating came from the money I got, if you're going to keep treating me like shit I will stop helping you,” I tell her.

“Ha, you wouldn't be here if it weren't for me!” Bab yelled at me. “I showed you how to use magic, I showed you how…”

I shoved her pacifier into her mouth to shut her up.

“You’re right. However, John was the one who was supposed to come with me; he was the one who was supposed to show me those things. The only difference is, you've just been a major pain in my ass by not helping with anything, while I have to change your smelly ass every few hours,” I told her, before walking away.

“Where are you going!” she yelled as she took the pacifier out of her mouth.

“You'll see!” I yelled back and left her up there.

I left for about 20 minutes and went out from the camp a little bit. It was here I learned that when you get past a limit, the bracelets start to sting a bit. But that stopped when I got back.

“I want to make you a deal,” I told her.

“What type of deal?” she asked, while glaring at me.

“I want to prove you're nothing but a spoiled brat that needs me to hold her hand,” I told her and she got angry. “So I propose you go one day without my help.”

“Ha, that will be easy!” she shouted at me, and I could only smile.

“I thought you would say that, so I prepared you something,” I told her as I pulled out her backpack. “In here there is breakfast, lunch and tonight's dinner. Also in here is your pants, along with a tarp from my pack, my shovel, and everything you already had. You just have to go until we set up camp tomorrow.”

“What do I get out of this?” she asked.

“You can have everything in the storage right now, including my sword,” I tell her and she was slightly stunned I would offer everything. “But if you lose you must accept any punishment I come up with.”

“What, are you going to spank me?” she asked.

“Nope, you'll just have this in your diaper,” I told her and revealed a slime I caught not too long ago.

In the book Noah gave me, I learned that slimes only eat dead things and are very harmless themselves. So Bab won't be in any danger, but I wanted to make a point. I watched her face go white as she looked at the yellow slime.

“If you lose, you must have a slime in your diaper all day,” I tell her. “Or you can apologize to me right now, start respecting me a bit more and only have the slime in your diaper for an hour.”

No matter what she was going to be punished. I had enough of her attitude, and this was the best way to do that.

“I-I except,” Bab told me. Her pride on the line. She thought she could do this.

“Ok then.” I stabbed the slime with my knife knowing I could find more later and helped Bab down, before taking my jacket back.

To be entirely fair for Bab, I took the tent down as I still had my sleeping bag and I started a fire.

I watched as Bab quickly started hers, but I just as quickly put it out.

“Hey!” Bab yelled at me.

“Sorry, this will be my last bit of help. Here’s some fire safety tips,” I told her and pointed out a lot of problems with her fire, then even helped her get a new one ready. Hey, even I didn't want to die in a forest fire because a kid didn't know any better...

From then on, things went just as I thought they would. For starters, Bab burnt her dinner trying to cook it, having it too close to her fire. Next, her fire nearly went out twice because she didn't have enough wood.

As I got in my sleeping bag, she laid out the tarp and wrapped herself in the only blanket she had with her pillow and laid right next to her small fire. A few hours later, I got up and used the rest of my wood to keep her fire going while she slept. I could be an ass when called for, but I wasn’t going to let her freeze.

The next morning I watched as she had to get out of her ruined pants. She was so cold she had tried to huddle up as best she could, which cause the diaper to leak. She then tried her best to get herself clean and haphazardly put a new diaper on.

We then went out to gather more wood. I even showed her to use the rope I packed to tie a bundle of sticks together and place it in storage to help. She had a lot of trouble just with this because of her hands, but she refused to give up.

With breakfast instead of burning her food, she dropped it. So I offered to feed her half of her lunch just so she didn't go hungry. She refused at first, but I told her this help was free. Reluctantly, she agreed and ate the food i gave her.

As we walked, I almost found myself laughing at Bab's misfortune. She was exhausted from being cold last night, hungry because she only had half a meal and was walking, her diaper felt uncomfortable because it wasn't taped well and she had to tie a piece of rope around her waist to keep her pants up because she couldn't button them.

To make it worse, a few hours later the messed up diaper leaked and she ruined another pair of pants. She was down to her last pair of pants, and she spent an hour just trying to clean herself again.

The final straw happened as we stopped to have lunch a few hours later. She sat across from me. Staring at the food she dropped again, just staring at it.

“You ok?” I asked as I pulled out my bag.

She just stood up. Not saying a word and walked over to me. When I looked at her face, she was trying her hardest not to start crying right then and there. She had a growing wet spot on her pants.

“You know what you have to say,” I tell her.

“I'm sorry,” she whispered.

“Speak up. I can't hear whispers.” I tell her.

This is when she finally broke down and started crying.

“I'm sorry!, I'm hungry, I'm tired, and I feel gross!” she told me while she cried. So I stood up and gave her a hug.

I knew we didn't move much, but today I set up the tent early. I then proceeded to take Bab's pants off and had to really get Bab clean from the (pun intended) shitty cleanup job she did. Once she was cleaned up, I fed her and had her get inside the tent and into my sleeping bag to take a much-needed nap.

The moment her head touched the pillow she was out.

“Sleep well,” I whispered as I pet her head and leave her be.

When she got up a few hours later, it was already getting dark.

“I'm sorry,” she told me again as she sat down next to me. Not even bothering to cover up her surprisingly clean diaper.

“Don't worry about it. I've told you before I don't care about your problems,” I tell her.

“I know,” she replied.

“Just treat me with a little more respect. that's all I'm asking for,” I tell her.

“I will. Thank you,” Bab said as I wrapped my arm around her and gave her a small hug.

“You’re welcome,” I told her.

We sat there for a moment before I pulled the back of her diaper open and shoved a slime into it. Before she could scream, I pushed her pacifier back into her mouth.

“You lost, keep it in their twenty minutes and we call it good,” I tell her.

Her face was a mixture of anger, sadness and disgust and a single tear in her eye. I grab her shoulder and pulled her closer to me for a hug as we look at the fire and watched Bab’s heavily stained pants burn in the fire.

Alexander March

Stats- lv6

HP-67 (+4)

Attack-28 (+3)

Defence-25 (+5)

Speed-32 (+2)

Regen-7 (+1)

Manna-26

Class-hunter

Skills-hunter eyes.

Weapons-sword (D) (ability: groth)

Element-ice

Partner-Bab Ados

Stats- lv15

HP-44 (+10)

Attack-8

Defence-8 (+10)

Speed-7 (+5)

Regen-9 (+3)

Manna-145

Class-mage

Skills-potion maker

Weapons-none

Element-lightning

Money ###

Gold 3)

Silver 79)

Bronze 40)

Copper 0)

###

A woman sighs as she waits at her desk.

For the last 3 years all of her customers have been the same people. No new customer asking her to make them something special. No new ideas popping into her head, not even a small form of inspiration.

She needed something. Something to test her tailor skills. But what?

That's when she looked out the window and saw a mother and her child walking by.

“THAT'S IT” she yelled, as an idea finally came to her. But if she was going to do this she would need someone to model for her, but who….?

*005*2018-05-24 03:30

I've been wondering for a while now, but what do you all think Alex and Bab look like? one day I do plan on getting art made for them but I wanted to know what you all thought on there looks?

Send me links to pictures you think would closely look like Bab or Alex

*006*2018-05-27 22:16

Bab was a lot more tolerable after that day, but still mad about the slime.

It had been about 2 days since then, and we had finally made it to Pa’a: a big castle on a hill, surrounded by a city. A massive wall surrounded the city with only two gates in and out.

Bab was beyond embarrassed about going into town wearing my jacket as a skirt, since she already ruined her pants. But no one seemed to notice as we found a store and bought her a regular skirt.

Bab really wanted pants but after a minute of arguing I won out and we got the cheap knee length skirt.

Before we get anything else, I wanted to take a look around town and get a feel for what it was like. For starters, what was the better inn to stay at, that was affordable and comfortable? Next, a few shops, to check prices and see where I might find good deals. Then a place to sell my items for more money; lastly, find a tailor, to get Bab at least one good outfit to wear, and give her a bit more protection than just the magic items, and possibly make me something useful for later.

After a few hours, we found a decent inn. It was 50 bronze a night, but it was the best we could find. Bab and I decided to rest there for the rest of the day, after 6 days of walking. The only time I left was to get food, while Bab stayed in the room.

Dinner was 5 bronze, but it smelled fantastic. BBQ ribs and smoked veggies from a food vendor: I couldn't wait to dig in!

The moment I got back to the inn I noticed something on their wall. It looked like a bulletin board with jobs lined up all over it. After taking a look I realized there were all types of jobs, and all of them sorted to best reach their target audience.

The fighter was usually asked to protect something, such as farms from beasts, or to help join the royal watch on the wall.

Archers, frequently were asked to join the wall, or join hunters to find specific monsters.

The mage was asked to make potions for sickness. (Sadly Bab couldn't do that)

Rogues were asked to get stolen objects back.

Tamers were asked to do a little of everything, except for potions.

Hunters were asked to hunt specific creatures and items.

And lastly, there were a few odd jobs that didn't really belong to anyone.

After looking at a few and asking people how they worked, I grabbed four jobs and brought them with me back to the room.

“What's that?” Bab asked as I showed her the jobs I grabbed. She was doing her best to eat a rib by herself and was doing an excellent job. Luckily she was above a plate so when she did drop it wasn't a waste.

“I grabbed a few jobs for us to do to make money,” I told her.

“Whatcha got?” she asked.

“This one is tracking a pack of dogs that have been attacking the guards at night: 10 silver. ‘Find a black fang from a dog,’ I thought that might go well with the pack: 5 silver. And ‘locate a silver bee’s nest close to the gate, do not kill!’ seven silver,” I told her.

“What about that one?” Bab asked, noticing the fourth job.

“This one is for you,” I told her as I held it up for her to read.

As she looked at it, her eyes grew wide.

“Oh, fuck no!” she yelled. “There is no way in hell I'm doing that!”

“But it's perfect for you, and look at the reward,” I told her.

“No fucking way!” she yelled.

###

“Why are you trying to kill me?” Bab asked as we walked through town to where her job was, the next morning.

“Stop exaggerating. The job is great for what we need, and we were already going to come here anyway,” I told Bab.

“Why?!” she asked

“Because those magic items you have won't help you forever. You need something else for when we might be at risk.” I told her, as we enter the tailor’s shop.

“Aw hello, you two. How may I help you?” the women behind the counter asked.

“A few things actually, I was wondering if this job was still open?” I asked and handed her the flyer.

The flyer asked for a girl between the ages of 9-12 to be used as models for new outfits. The reward was their pick of any outfit, per 8 they tried on.

“oh, yes it is, is she the one?” the woman asked and looked at Bab, who was still pouting.

“Yes, she is,” I told the women.

“Great, we haven't gotten many 9-year-olds.” the women said.

“I'm not 9!” Bab shouted, getting really pissed.

“Oh my, what was that?” the women asked.

“Sorry, for some particular reason she can't talk normal, thanks to our bond I can translate for you if need be,” I told the women. “And right now she's just a little mad.”

“Is she an early bloomer?” the women asked.

“I don't know what you mean, but I don't think so. No, it's something else. By any chance is there anyone else in the store?” I asked.

“Why?” the women asked and gave me a strange look.

I looked at Bab then back at the women, and whispered in her ear about Bab being very shy of other people.

“Oh, I'm so sorry dear. Hold on just one sec,” the woman said as she got up from behind the desk.

She was an older woman, and a little on the bigger side, but from the way she acted she seemed to be nice, as she turned her open sign to closed.

“Come this way dears,” she told us, and led us into the back room.

The room was cluttered with clothes all over the place. In the center of the room was a small platform, and behind it was a curtain to change.

“Ok, so I'll have you go up on the platform for some measurements,” the women told Bab, who stepped up. The women then took a tape measure and started her measurements. “So what brings you two into town?”

“We're looking for a way to send me home,” I told her. I then proceeded to tell the women our story, as she sent Bab behind the curtain to change.

“That quite the tale,” she replied once I finished.

“Um, can I get something else?” Bab asked from behind the curtain.

“What's that dear?”

“She wants something different.” I translated.

“This is part of the job dear, I just need to see what it looks like so I can make adjustments,” she told Bab.

There was a moment of silence before Bab finally came out. She wore a long sleeve light blue t-shirt with a skirt that was above her knees and she was having a problem with that.

The women just praised how cute she looked and helped her to the platform. Here Bab was viewed all over to check out the design. Anytime she saw a flaw she tried to fix it.

“That's weird. It seems the back pokes out a little more than I thought.” the women said as she then lifted Babs skirt. “Oh, my!”

Babs' face was just in shock, as it grew red again, as yet another person found out her secret.

“That's what she's so embarrassed about,” I told the women. “That's why I asked for the job to be private. I'm hoping this won't be a problem.”

“Oh no problem at all dears, in fact, this is a great opportunity!” the woman said excitedly.

“What?” Bab asked.

“What do you mean?” I asked

“She is something special, someone, that need special clothing. This is a great way to gain a new experience!” the women said as she happily fixed the skirt a bit. “I'm so happy your daddy brought you to see me.”

For a second Bab and I didn't really process what she said then at the same time, we started to told her she was wrong.

“She’s not my daughter! She’s just someone I have to travel with ma’am!” I try to tell her, and she just laughed at us.

“First, please, call me Fran, and wasn't it you who said you adopted her?” Fran asked as she reminded me of what I said during my story, as she pushed Bab back behind the curtain and gave her a new outfit.

“Yes but that's only because she was in an orphanage; and because of the bond, I needed to take her with me,” I told Fran.

“So you don't take care of her?” she asked me, already knowing what I would say.

“Yes, I take care of her, but I see her more like a sister than anything,” I explained.

“I need some help,” Bab said behind the curtain.

“What did she say?”

“She needs help, her hands are messed up, so if you gave her anything with buttons or zippers that might be the problem.

“I see.” Fran then giggled to herself before going behind the curtain and helping Bab into the next outfit.

Bab soon found herself slightly enjoying the experience. A lot of the clothes she wore she would never wear at any other time, but here, in a locked room and away from everyone else, she could feel a little ordinary.

One outfit had a very short skirt that the bottom of her diaper even poked out of. I joked that Fran should use that for the adventure outfit. Bab just gave me the bird in response.

After 3 hours we were finally done. Most outfits Bab didn't like, but she did try on a few that she really did like.

“Because of your little problem, I would like you to come back tomorrow for the outfits. I want to make a few adjustments,” Fran told us, and we agreed. “Also one last thing, the outfit you asked for will be ready by then as well.

“Thank you,” we both told her.

###

The rest of the day was just as good. After lunch, we went hunting for the bees’ nest. It took a long while but thanks to Noah’s notes we were able to locate a nest. Silver bees’ honey produced an effect that acts similar to coffee and the bees only make the honey in the wild.

After turning in that job, we went to the gate entrance and waited for the dogs to attack. The moment they did we fought them until they tried to run off. Thanks to the hunter's skills I was able to track them. Bab and I soon finished them off, and even got the black tooth.

With that done, we finally went back to the inn to relax and have dinner.

“That was fun,” I told Bab as I fed her some food.

“Yeah, I was terrified at first about the clothes,” Bab told me.

“Ya, but you really started enjoying yourself there. And don't lie, I saw the smile you had trying on the clothes.” I told her, and she gave a slight blush.

“Fine yes I liked it. I liked feeling normal for once,” Bab said as she took a bite out of the spoon I was holding for her.

“So what do you say?” I asked her. She just gave me a puzzled look. “I found the job, and you enjoyed it.”

“Ok, ok, thank you, daddy,” Bab said sarcastically, and we both started laughing.

“Yeah, I still think of you as a sister,” I told her when we both stopped laughing.

“I've meant to ask, what's your family like?” Bab asked me.

“I'm an only child. Dad left while I was a kid, so it was mostly my mom and me,” I told her.

“That sucks,” Bab replied.

“Not really, yes there were hard times, but we got through them. Mom started dating, and one of her boyfriends had a daughter who I treated like a sister,” I explained before laying back on the bed. “Sadly they broke up, and I haven't seen her since.”

Bab didn't say a word after hearing that.

“Hey Bab, what about you?” I asked.

“I don't want to talk about it,” she told me, not even bothering to look at me.

“Ok, just know I'll be here when you're ready to talk,” I told her as I reached over and gave her hand a slight squeeze.

She didn't say anything to me. Just got up, pulled her skirt down and crawled into the sleeping bag to go to sleep.

“Good night,” I told her.

“Good night,” she replied.

###

The next day we meet back up with Fran, who already had the shop closed for us.

“You're going to like this,” she said as she pulled out 7 different outfits. 5 casual, 1 for bed, and the last was for when we adventured.

The casual outfits were a mixture of long skirts, pants, shirts, a long dress, socks, and a few hair accessories. Next was the sleepwear, a big pink footie pajama with a weird looking black design over it and a flap on the butt.

“You will look so cute in these, and the footie will keep you nice and warm at night!” Fran told Bab with excitement.

I was quite amazed at how everything looked. And everything was designed with Bab’s diaper in mind, comfortably concealing it.

Fran then took Bab into the back room and asked me to wait and see what the adventure outfit looked like. I could hear a bit of a struggle behind the curtain and was really hoping this worked out.

“Introducing the latest in young teen adventure fashion, BAB!” Fran announced before pulling the curtain away and having Bab walk onto the platform.

At first glance, it just looked like jeans, a t-shirt, with a jacket and some boots.

But upon looking a bit closer, you notice the extra padding in the pants and jacket for additional protection. The boots looked like regular hiking boots and would work great for the amount of walking we’ll have to do. The t-shirt, on the other hand, seemed a like a regular shirt. Except there was something different about this one…

“Are you wearing a padded bra?” I asked.

It was here I learned something, her magick might not hurt me, but a boot to the nuts would drop me to my knees quickly.

“The outfit has been well equipped with defensive buffs, just like you asked. And yes, that is a bra, and it has special magic items to help with the defenses,” Fran told me.

“That's…...good…..” I choked out, still on my knees holding myself.

After a few minutes, I was finally able to stand back up and proceeded to get out my money.

“I'm sorry if this isn't enough, but if we could, I would like to pay the outfit off in payments if that's alright with you,” I told Fran and pulled out the gold coins.

“Wait, this outfit cost more than 4 gold!?” Bab asked, stunned. But yes: it was lined with magic. Her defenses had jumped up a lot.

“Oh, put that away; I have a different payment in mind,” Fran told us and looked at Bab. “Come back here and model for me again a few more times, and we'll call it even.”

“Wait, but the outfit was custom made, and has magic in it. That's worth nearly 10 gold!” I exclaimed.

“Yes, 8 gold to be precise, but let me tell you both something. You gave me a challenge yesterday. In comes a girl who has to try and hide a diaper under her clothes, when none are made for that. When you get as good at your job as I am, then you start to look forward to jobs like that,” Fran told us.

So we made a deal. Bab would come in and model for Fran whenever she could while we were staying here.

With Bab's new outfit, we were now one step closer to our goal. And I no longer had to worry so much about her getting hurt out there.

Alexander March

Stats- lv7

HP-69 (+4)

Attack-29 (+3)

Defence-26 (+5)

Speed-33 (+2)

Regen-7 (+1)

Manna-27

Class-hunter

Skills-hunter eyes.

Weapons-sword (D) (ability: groth)

Element-ice

Partner-Bab Ados

Stats- lv16

HP-45 (+20)

Attack-8

Defence-8 (+40)

Speed-7 (+9)

Regen-9 (+3)

Manna-149

Class-mage

Skills-potion maker

Weapons-none

Element-lightning

Money ###

Gold 4)

Silver 0)

Bronze 80)

Copper 0)

###

“Oh and Alex, I'm not yet finished with that special order yet, but I will have it for you soon” Fran whispered in my ear while Bab was getting changed.

“Thank you, that will be a great help later,” I told her with a smile.

*007*2018-05-29 15:52

Bab absolutely loved her new outfits. Hell, she even started to get involved in fighting monsters with me on jobs, just to test out how strong her defenses were.

“These clothes are amazing,” Bab told me as we made our way back to the city.

“I bet. You’ll have to thank Fran for them later,” I told her.

“Oh, I am. So what are we doing for the rest of the day?” Bab asked me.

“Well, I've checked our supplies and there are a few things I want to check out,” I told her.

“Great, shopping,” Bab said sarcastically.

“What's wrong with shopping? I thought girls liked shopping?” I replied.

“Ya, but those girls also have money to shop; this is just supply shopping,” Bab told me, and I stopped right there.

“You know what, you're right,” I told to Bab, as I reached my hand into the storage and pulled out our money bag. “You've been working hard as well, so you deserve to get yourself something.”

I pulled out 20 silver coins and gave them to Bab, who just stared at them in disbelief.

“I know it might not be as much as you deserve, but we still need to save as much as possible. But that should be enough for you to get whatever you like,” I told Bab.

“Thank you!” Bab yelled at me and gave me a hug.

“Ha, your welcome,” I told her with a pat on her head, glad to see her happy.

Once we got into town Bab and I split up, under the rules that we would meet up in front of a particular building when the bracelets start to burn us. This gave us plenty of time to look around.

First thing I started looking for was food. While we did eat at the inn a lot, it was always good to have a backup just in case.

Next was something for Bab. During our trip here, all she had was a blanket and pillow that she brought with her. So I decided to look into some mats and a warmer blanket. These, however, I'd wait to get until we're about to leave. I might find a better deal than what they had here.

Once I was done with this store, I met Bab outside to reset our bracelets and went into another store.

This one was to look at different armors and see what I could upgrade. At the moment I thought I was good at everything, but I thought I might get an accessory to provide more defense for myself later.

Next, I looked into other weapons: this time not for me. I knew Bab couldn't hold any weapons, but there might be something she could use. But, sadly, there wasn't.

When I left the store, I looked around for Bab for a moment and saw her throw something away before she noticed me and came running towards me.

“How was shopping?” I asked her.

“Great! I got 3 books and a bag of treats,” Bab told me as she reached into storage and pulled out a bag of hard candy before putting it back. “I also got you something.”

She surprised me as she then pulled out a little necklace. It was just a simple red crystal tied to a string. But it was still a great present.

“It doesn't do anything, but I thought you might like it,” she told me.

“I love it,” I told her as I put it on.

This, however, wasn't the end of Bab being nice; she also had us go out to dinner, where she paid for it! I was very stunned by this. She ended up ordering a lot of food and was just having a lot of fun having her own money to spend.

“Remind me to teach you about overspending,” I told her as we were eating.

“I already know, but it's my money; I should spend it how I want,” she told me.

I could only laugh and remind myself she was still young. Might as well let her have her fun while she still could.

###

“I'm so full,” Bab told me when we got back to the inn.

“Same,” I replied as I plopped down on my sleeping bag and closed my eyes.

“Thank you for today Alex,” Bab told me as she undressed and pulled out her footie pajamas.

“I think that's my line, you're the one who treated us,” I remind her.

“Ya but you gave me the money, so thank you,” she repeated.

“You…(yawn)...deserve it,” I told her before I fell asleep on top of my sleeping bag.

Bab just looked down at me and smiled: even pulling out her own blanket and throwing it on top of me, before whispering goodnight and blowing out a candle, then crawling into bed, happy for what tomorrow would bring.

###

I could only give a slight giggle when I woke up the next morning to find Bab’s blanket on me. Bab was still sound asleep, sucking on her pacifier in her pajamas. If she were a little smaller, she could be confused for a toddler. But there was something I found odd, the room didn't smell.

“Bab, it's time to wake up,” I whispered to her and gave her a little shake.

She opened her eyes a bit and groaned before turning over. She really was not a morning person. With her back towards me, I noticed the pajamas butt flap open and decided to check something.

I slipped my finger into the back of her diaper and checked to see how bad it was. Bab just spun around and slapped my hand when I did, her cheeks slightly flushed.

“Just checking if you had a messy diaper,” I told her.

“I don't have accidents every night!” she told me, and while that was somewhat accurate, out of all the times, I'd checked her in the morning, her diaper had only been clean twice in the morning. Even when that did happen, she always made a mess shortly after she woke up. I guessed this was just one of those days.

“You're right, you're right. I'm sorry.” I told her as I get up and stretched.

I decide not to bother changing her yet until after breakfast as to not waste a diaper. But even after a quick meal, however, she still hadn't gone.

“Are you starting to control it now?” I asked her as I un-taped the diaper.

“I think I am!” Bab told me excitedly.

“Well if that's the case, go use the toilet real fast before I tape on a new one,” I told her hoping that maybe I wouldn't have to change any more diapers soon, or at least not messy ones.

Bab happily jumped off the bed and ran her half-naked butt into the bathroom and shut the door.

As I waited for her, I began to look at our supplies and checking what we had when I noticed the sound of a flush and Bab walking out.

“You clean yourself?” I asked.

“No, I just peed a little. I don't need to go yet,” Bab told me.

Something seemed off, but I decided it was nothing and taped on a new diaper onto Bab. She’d go eventually.

The rest of the day was just like usual. We checked out a new job, went out of the city for the said job. Had lunch and a diaper change (still no mess?). When we got back to town, we went to Fran’s, and Bab tried on two new outfits for Fran before we looked around town and had dinner.

“Are you ok?” I asked Bab at dinner noticing she didn't eat much.

“Ya, I'm fine. Just a slight stomach ache,” she told me with a slight smile.

“Are you positive? You seem a little sick.” I told her as I placed my hand on her forehead to feel if it was warm, but she smacked it away.

“I'm fine, Alex!” she told me, with a slightly stern voice, as she got mad at me.

So I left it as is. If Bab was ok, then she was ok. Nothing I could really do about it.

###

The next day, however, I was getting a little worried. She still hadn't gone yet. But she insisted that she was okay: all day, saying she was okay. That night, however, she was anything but fine, as she had stomach cramps all night long.

When I woke up in the morning I could hear Bab awake and in the bathroom mumbling to herself. She had stayed up all night from stomach cramps.

“Bab, this is enough! There's something wrong!” I told her as I opened the door to see Bab on the toilet holding her stomach while her face was pouring with sweat. She didn't bother to yell at me for coming in. She just looked at me with pleading eyes to make the pain in her stomach go away.

“Please Bab, tell me what's wrong,” I asked her as I knelt down beside her and rubbed her back for a moment.

“I….i don't know! I used….(stomach cramp)...some medicine. But it's not working…..right,” she told me.

“Wait, what medicine?” I asked.

“The...potion shop,” she told me and clenched her teeth.

I immediately ran to Bab’s backpack and grabbed out a random outfit and helped Bab get dressed before noticing she could barely walk with the pain. So I picked her up and carried her in my arms.

I had no clue what to do. I still didn't know where a hospital was in the city. Bab was in pain from something, and I was terrified of not knowing what to do. So I took her to the only person I knew that could help us.

I cradled Bab in my arms as I ran through town. Bab's skirt was flashing the diaper she had to anyone at the right angle. But neither of us cared, as I continued to run until I rushed into Frans taller shop.

Fran was already with a customer and was about to ask us to wait outside until she saw the sick Bab in my arms. Without any hesitation, she asked the women she was with to hold on a minute as she led me to a door to her house, connected to the taller shop.

The place wasn't that big, but Fran led us into a guest room, where I placed Bab down and quickly explained what was wrong.

“She sounds constipated to me,” Fran told me. It would make sense, but it had been two days.

“She said she took some type of medicine. Do you know of any that would do this?” I asked Fran

“Not a clue,” she told me, and my heart sank.

“She is in pain, and I can't help, what am I to do?” I asked Fran.

“Why not try going to the potion shop; maybe they might know what she took and how to help?” Fran told me.

Without thinking, I rushed out of Fran's house and into the street. I ran all over just trying to find the potion place. When I did finally see it, I rushed in.

An older man greeted me at the counter, but I just rushed over and grabbed him by his collar and looked him dead in the eyes.

“Two days ago a 10-year-old came in here and bought something. what was it!” I yelled at the man, no longer in a thinking state.

“I, I, I don't know!” the man stammered. I then pulled him over the counter and threw him on the floor.

“Bab is in serious pain right now after drinking something from your store!” I yelled at him before I reaching into my storage and pulling out my sword. “If you don't tell me what you gave her, I swear to your gods I will kill you!”

“STOP!” a teenage girl screamed.

I looked over, and for the first time, I noticed a girl about 15. How long had she been there?

“Margret stay back!” the man yelled.

“I don't want her, all I want is to know what you gave a little girl two days ago that made her very sick!” I yelled at the man.

“He didn't, I did!” Margaret yelled, and my attention turned straight to her.

I pushed the man to the ground as I got up and walked over to the girl, the man yelling at me to not hurt her, but I paid him no mind.

“What did you give her?” I asked her through my clenched teeth.

“I..it's a...potty training medicine. I..it’s sup...supposed to help toddlers control themselves,” she told me.

I just stared at the girl, fear rushing through her until I took a step back. I placed my sword back into storage and took 3 deep breaths to try and calm down.

“Explain,” I commanded the father and daughter.

It's a weird type of medicine to help kids learn how to use the potty. By taking it, the child will hold it in and use the toilet more often. It's meant as a last resort type of thing, and you're supposed to only use a small amount of it in water for a short effect.

When Bab came in here the other day, Margaret was watching the shop for her father. When Bab came in, she immediately went to the medicine and bought it. Margaret thought she was just some kid doing an errand for her parents and getting it for a younger sibling or something.

Not only did Bab grab a special long lasting one, but she also drank the 2 oz bottle straight without diluting it first!

After a quick apology from all sides, the shop owner was kind enough to give me something to help Bab, telling me how it worked and even saying that if it were his kid, he would have done the same thing I did.

When I got back to Fran’s, I quickly explained what had happened and had to ask Fran to do something for Bab, a bridge that I personally didn't want to cross.

We both walked into the guest room where Bab was laying, still in pain from the cramps she was having.

“Bab. I got you something,” I told her as I crouched down right beside the bed. “But it might be a little uncomfortable.”

“Any…..thing. Please…..stop the pain,” she told me with clenched teeth.

So Fran and I got to work. First, we took off Bab’s diaper and placed a towel on the bed. Then we had Bab get on all fours on top of the bed with her butt facing Fran.

“Fran’s going to give you the medicine. Just take my hand,” I told her as I stayed right beside Bab. She didn't understand why I had her take my hand or why I suddenly had her pacifier put into her mouth.

“This will help you, dear,” Fran told her as she put on a glove and rubbed a special lotion onto Bab’s butt.

Bab had another cramp right then as squeezed my hand for a moment until it passed.

“Ok, here comes the medicine,” I told Bab, as she looked at me for a moment confused before clenching as hard as she could on my hand and screamed into the pacifier as Fren shoved a little pill as far as Fran’s middle finger could reach into Bab’s butthole.

“That was a powerful laxative. It should help counter constipation you have,” I told Bab and turned her back over.

Here Bab was re-diapered by Fran. However, Fran cut open the diapers and placed the second one over that one for leaks.

Bab didn't bother asking for the bathroom. She knew that she wouldn't be able to stand, let alone walk to the bathroom in time.

So, in front of Fran and I, Bab began to fill the double layer diaper. We watched as it soon expanded, as nearly two days worth of poop filled the diaper.

Tears poured down Bab’s face from a mixture of pain and relief as she filled her diaper.

"Do you feel better?" I asked her, and she nodded. "Ok then. In a few minutes, Fran will help get you clean.”

Bab had to walk a little funny, as she wasn't used to such a thick diaper, let alone one so full. She followed Fran into the bathroom, where Fran preceded to clean as much of the mess from the diaper as she could, before having Bab get into a tub to wash the rest off.

When she was clean, Fran put her into another diaper and got her dressed again, before telling her I wanted to see her in the guest room.

When Bab came into the room, she saw me sitting on the edge of the staring at a wall.

“Alex, thank you for getting…” Bab started.

“Shut up,” I told her. “I'm done.”

“W-what do you mean?” Bab asked as she took a step closer to me. “Alex, I'm really sorry for what I did but....”

“No, you’re not,” I interrupted her again. “I told you already. The only thing I wanted from you was a little respect, and you still don't show it.”

“B-but I do respect you,” Bab answered.

“Really? Because I don't think it respectful to lie to my face multiple times,” I told her, as I finally looked at her. “You nearly poisoned yourself and continually lied to my face that you were fine.”

I then got up from the bed.

“Over and over and OVER YOU LIED TO ME!” I screamed as I walked towards Bab. Every step I took she took one back until she was up against a wall with me right in her face. “YOU SCARED ME TO DEATH!”

“I'm sorry!” Bab started to cry, her legs became weak, and she nearly fell to the floor, but I grabbed her arm and forced her to stand up.

“I THOUGHT YOU WERE GOING TO DIE! ALL BECAUSE YOU WANTED TO TRY A MEDICINE YOU DIDN'T UNDERSTAND!” I yelled in her face. That's when I noticed the quiet hissing sound coming from her, and the front of her diaper started turning yellow. So I let her go and let her slump to the floor. “So I'm done. I'm taking you back to the orphanage.”

With that, I walked out of the room and slam the door shut behind me. Bab’s muffled crying behind it.

I decided I needed to cool off a bit and took a walk outside, hoping the cold air would clear my head. After walking around for about an hour and a half, I finally took a seat on a park bench. The anger and frustration still in my head.

“Mind if I take a seat?” Fran asked me, about 20 minutes later.

“Ya go ahead.” I gestured to the spot next to me, and the women sat down.

“You want to talk about what happened?” she asked me.

“I'm sorry for yelling and slamming the door in your house,” I apologized.

“After what happened, I think you have a right to,” Fran told me. “But are you serious about taking her back?”

“Sadly, yes,” I told her.

“I think that might be taking it a bit too far, Alex; I know she did something beyond stupid, but you shouldn't punish a child like that,” Fran told me.

“Punish? Fran, this isn't a punishment. This is me finally realizing I'm way in over my head.” I told her.

“What do you mean?” Fran asked.

“I'm 22, and not only was I brought here magically, but I also wound up taking care of a small handicapped child. I tried my hardest to look after her, to make sure we both were taken care of. But this incident made me finally realize I have no idea what I'm doing!” I told Fran

"You seemed to be fine to me," she told me.

“When I woke up this morning and saw Bab sick, the first thing on my mind was me screaming ‘what do I do?’ over and over again. I want to be mad at Bab for lying to me, but I hate myself more for even putting her in that situation. If I was just watching her like I should have, then maybe this wouldn't have happened. I'm not sending her back to punish her, I'm taking her back to someone I know can take care of her, because I don't think I can.”

“Alex you can't be this hard on yourself. It was a mistake, yes, but that's all it was. I've seen how much you care for her,” Fran told me.

“You're right, I see her as a sister. It's because I care that I don't want my irresponsibility to be the thing that one day kills her. She needs someone better than me,” I told Fran.

"Alex. I think you are putting way too much stress on yourself. You're doing a fantastic job. She doesn't need anyone else but you to be there for her." Fran told me as she gave me a pat on the back and left.

As she was leaving she took a look over to see Bab sitting behind a tree, listening to the whole conversation we were having before she ran off back to Fran’s house.

Alexander March

Stats- lv9

HP-72 (+4)

Attack-30 (+3)

Defence-27 (+5)

Speed-37 (+2)

Regen-7 (+1)

Manna-29

Class-hunter

Skills-hunter eyes.

Weapons-sword (D) (ability: groth)

Element-ice

Partner-Bab Ados

Stats- lv17

HP-47 (+20)

Attack-8

Defence-8 (+40)

Speed-7 (+9)

Regen-9 (+3)

Manna-154

Class-mage

Skills-potion maker

Weapons-none

Element-lightning

Money ###

Gold 4)

Silver 36)

Bronze 67)

Copper 34)

Alone with my thoughts, I couldn't help but think what I should have done. Was I really capable of doing this?

“What have I gotten myself into?” I asked myself, as I closed my eyes.

"L wklqn brx duh grlqj ilqh." someone told me.

“But is that enough?” I asked them but got no response.

When I looked, I realized I was still alone.

