Hermione Gets Splinched

Author: kyrieelleison14

*000*2012-03-29 06:32

Well today was my day off, and since I had nothing better to do I wrote a story that I had been thinking about for about a week, I'd love any comments or criticisms, I might make others with different HP girls and please enjoy! ^_^

Hermione Gets Splinched

“Now where did I leave that book?” A young girl with bushy brown hair said to herself as she rustled through a pile of new and old books. It was early summer, and Hermione Granger had devoted most of the day to reading a book she had ordered on Apparating and Disapparating. As she was turning seventeen soon, she would soon be able to take lessons at Hogwarts and get her license to Apparate, and she wanted to be completely ready to take the examination by the time the school year started.

She passed by a mirror hanging on her door and paused to smooth out her clothes; she was wearing a pink T-shirt, just slightly tight, so it shaped around her smooth body, and slightly revealed the green bra she was wearing underneath, and denim jeans, despite the heat of the summer. She had stopped reading just before the final chapter to eat lunch, and she was eager to finish soon. She finally found the book; Apparating and Disapparating: A Beginners Guide to A Wizard’s Favorite Method of Travel and she sat down to finish it. “Splinching is one of the more gruesome consequences of inept Apparating” Hermione read aloud under her breath.

“The witch or wizard who splinches themselves will be caught between their origin and their destination, some parts of their body will be stuck in one place, and the rest will be in another, a witch or wizard will be magically attached to their body, and will still feel the splinched body parts, but will be injured or rendered unable to move depending on what body parts have been splinched”. Hermione shuddered at the idea and imagined leaving an arm, a leg or her entire body stuck in one place until someone comes to help her. She continued reading, pausing only to reach and take a drink of iced tea which she had made for herself.

After only a short while, Hermione closed the book with a contented sigh, “Alright well that’s that” she said and stood up to stretch. She downed the rest of her tea, put the book away on a shelf and looked out the window, it was a cloudless afternoon, her parents were off working, as they were muggles they worked as dentists, and they left Hermione home often knowing how independent she was and how often she devoted herself to magical studies. The magical world seemed so far away, she had only recently mailed letters to her friends, and she didn’t expect them to return her letters for a while. “Well now what…” she muttered to herself, realizing that reading on apparating gave her no actual practice, and she desperately needed it.

“I wonder, the ministry of magic has been in shambles since the return of Voldemort, and I have heard that their monitoring of young wizards has been shoddy all year, maybe I could practice”. Her stomach knotted a little just thinking about it, she would have to use a lot of magic to safely practice in a town full of muggles. She left her room, went down the stairs and headed out the door to her decent sized backyard, the sun was blazing and she actually doubled-back just to get another glass of iced tea, before pulling out her wand “Alright here goes nothing” she said, and she cast a simple charm that would keep muggles from wandering into the area, if they did they would remember something important and leave.

Hermione waited for any response from the ministry, but none came. She sighed with relief, took another drink and cast several spells in sequence, spells that would ensure her privacy and ensure that she would have plenty of time to practice. “Alright let’s get started, I’ll try to apparate from here to the other side of the yard” She said getting nervous as the idea of splinching slipped into her head, she took a large gulp of iced tea and readied herself.

Hermione turned around suddenly and focused her mind; the appropriate way to initiate disapparation, suddenly she felt a pull and a feeling of being sucked through a tube, and Hermione was looking at the other side of her backyard, but from within her garden. “Oh no, I overshot it, better try again” she said, as she carefully stepped out of her garden and checked herself for any splinching, thankfully there was none. She was just getting into position when her bladder twinged, her iced tea was reaching her bladder, and it wanted to be known, but Hermione was determined to get the hang of this before doing anything else.

She practiced for almost an hour, each time ending up in any place but her target area, even once ending up on her roof, much to her own surprise. Once she climbed down she stopped, and squeezed her thighs together, the urge was getting bad, but that didn’t stop her from drinking another gulp of iced tea and readying herself for another go. “Once more” she said and she again turned around swiftly and began to apparate, however the sudden turn shook her bladder and her concentration wavered for a moment as the felt herself being sucked through the tight tube. This time it felt odd, as though she was moving through the tube but only from the waist up.

Suddenly Hermione felt herself drop to the ground, and she landed flat on the grass, she looked up and her stomach dropped and she almost screamed in horror, she was looking at her own body standing still and straight across her backyard, but only the lower half. She turned herself around and saw she had splinched herself, only the part of her body above her waist had apparated to the other side of the backyard. Hermione’s wand was lying near her top half, but it was a few feet away. Hermione tried to crawl to it, which seemed to work, but suddenly she felt a tug, like being hooked on a fishing line coming from behind her. Then she realized, since her body was magically attached, she couldn’t move away from the spot she apparated, and therefore couldn’t reach her wand. She continued to try to reach for her wand, and only stopped when she felt her bladder ache, she still had to pee.

Hermione looked at her body, saw her legs shaped by her tight jeans, saw a bit of her bare stomach peeking above her waist-line, and even saw a bit of her blue cotton panties peeking above the top, but above that was nothing but air. She tried to will her body to move and saw her legs bend and press her thighs together which made her urge to pee less strong. “Okay this is bad, I’m splinched, and I need to call someone soon, or this is going to get even worse, think Hermione think” she said laying in the cool grass, trapped by her own desire to be perfect at magic. She turned and tried to reach her wand again, at least then she may be able to signal for help. She stretched as far as she could, but the wand was out of her reach. She laid flat on the grass, watching her own body squirm slightly as she willed her splinched half to move.

She reached down instinctively to grab her crotch but only felt grass. As she laid there, the urge to pee getting worse and worse as all the iced tea she had drank flowed into her straining bladder, she saw a shadow pass above her, and when she looked up an owl passing overhead dropped a letter onto her forehead. She was so shocked and relieved she almost lost control, but she was able to rip open the letter and read the official handwriting of the Ministry of Magic: “Miss Granger, we have become aware of your attempts at apparating illegally, as well as your splinching incident as the result. Members of the Accidental Magic Reversal Squad will be sent to your location to undo your splinching as soon as possible, please wait patiently”.

Hermione let the letter drop, she was saved, but who knows how long it would be, and who knows what kind of trouble she’d be in. Her swollen bladder ached and she knew she couldn’t last very long; still she would just have to wait until someone got her fixed.

Hermione laid on the ground waiting, pressing her legs together every so often to stave off the urge to pee. She waited staring at the grass for almost twenty minutes before her bladder spasmed, and she felt urine start to flow into her urethra and head for her panties. She squeezed her thighs as best as she could, watching her legs shake from her position on the ground, and unable to even grab her crotch, she tried to stop the flow of urine from escaping. However, she felt a spurt of pee escape and settle into her cotton panties. She was able to get a hold of herself for a while, and she rolled over to try to reach her wand again, but all that did was make her urge to pee worse, and another spurt slipped out before she could roll back.

Hermione went a deep shade of red, she had always tried to ensure she never had to pee so badly she would wet herself, and yet here she was trapped by magic, leaking pee into her panties like a child. She gripped the grass and pulled, trying to do anything to make the urge less intense. She was on the verge of crying, she could do nothing to prevent a trickle from leaking into her panties, and when she looked up she could see a small wet patch on her jeans, slowing growing. She was panting from the effort of trying to hold on, and she could see that she was at her limit; nothing she was doing was slowing the trickle. Finally, she felt all the muscles surrounding her bladder go completely numb, and she realized this was it, she was about to pee her pants.

She stared at her own dismembered legs as pee burst forward into her panties, wetting the hairs around her delicate privates and soaking the blue cotton fabric and they spread to her jeans. She looked in horror and shame as a dark wet patch spread from her crotch and spread down her legs. She could feel and see everything, and she could do nothing except watch as hot tears leaked from her eyes, she was burning with shame, but at least no one was watching. She peed in her jeans for what seemed like forever, and though she couldn’t see it she could feel that the wet ness had spread across to her shapely ass, and soaked everything along the way.

Eventually, the stream began to die down, and finally stopped, leaving Hermione Granger, the star pupil of Hogwarts, lying on the grass, splinched, and wearing soaking wet peed in jeans. She didn’t even want the Ministry to get her when she was like this. She wished to just lie here forever, so no one could see her. A cool wind blew and made her wet crotch tingle. Once she got over the shock, she tried to move her legs, and felt the warm wet pee squish along her smooth legs and felt that some had pooled in her shoes. She gave a small sigh of relief, realizing that she had never had to pee that badly before, and despite her accident she was glad it was over. Now she just had to wait for the Ministry to arrive, and hope they would sympathize with her…

*002*2012-03-29 07:06

She was next on my list, I liked the situation enough that I could make a little series out of it if i have time.

