Justice's Short Stories

Author: RosaE836

*000*2014-10-29 02:07

(I really don't know why I took so long to submit this, I'm so sorry!)

As this is the first story in this topic, I'll put a short description of what I'm going to be doing with it. As the title already states, it's going to be all of my short stories, but I'll also be including any of the short stories that I don't instantly have a drawing with (for example, this story is supposed to have a drawing accompanying it, yet I haven't drawn it yet). The main reason I'm doing this is because I prefer writing short stories, and constantly placing my works on the fiction section and filling it up is too disorganized for my liking. Anyways, here's the story!

Thanks to anitfairy and writerforce6 for editing this story, respectively.

Severa

The sun beat down on Cordelia and Severa as they flew across the desert. During their flight, Severa was trying her best to silently display her unhappiness over the situation by leaning backwards against Cordelia, arms crossed and an unhappy aura surrounding her. Severa turned back a few times to make sure Cordelia was getting bad vibes, but, to her discontent, she was not. Phase two was now in order.

"Why did we have to do this anyway? Do you do everything Chrom says without any forethought?" Severa grumbled.

Cordelia just continued looking straight ahead as she replied. "Actually, Robin was the one who told us to do this, Chrom simply agreed to the matter."

Severa looked up and used one of her hands to shield her eyes from the sun. Perfect response as always, she thought. As she drank from her water flask, Severa decided to ask another question. Turning, she looked back at her mother. "What did Robin say exactly?"

Cordelia sighed, and turned to look back at her daughter. "All he said was we might as well train up by killing some Risen."

"And why, may I ask, is it just us fighting all these Risen, and nobody else?"

At this, Cordelia paused, trying to remember the conversation again. "I think Robin mentioned something about us supporting each other, but I can't quite remember."

Severa blushed, then blurted out, "What's Robin implying? That I'm weak? That I need you to pull me out of danger like I'm some sort of helpless fool?!"

Cordelia wrapped her arms around Severa and said, "I don't think that's the reason, Severa. I know you're capable of greater things than I. Now please stop crying, we have a job to do."

Severa shook her head at the last part, wiping away the tears with the backs of her hands. "I-I'm not crying. This is sweat! It's so hot here." Cordelia smiled, glad her daughter was no longer sad.

Now no longer in the mood to say anything else to her mother, Severa realized something rather pressing going on in her lower region. If only I had peed before we left, but surely I should be able to make it, Severa thought to herself. Mother will easily tear through the Risen ranks, no problem.

Time ticked by, and the pressure slowly increased as they traveled to the oasis, where the Risen were last spotted at. By now, Severa was back to asking questions, yet it was mostly due to her ever-filling bladder.

"How much longer until we get there, do you think?" she asked her mother, hoping to empty herself as soon as possible.

Cordelia took a second before answering, having been asked mid-sigh while thinking of Chrom. "Twenty, maybe thirty minutes?"

Severa thought for a moment, shifting around during the lull in the conversation. "You don't think your Pegasus needs a break, do you? They aren't used to this hot environment you know."

Cordelia smiled, thinking the question Severa asked was from concern, more specifically, concern for Cordelia's Pegasus. Patting her Pegasus on the head, Cordelia responded. "She's fine, don't worry. She'll even be able to fight the next battle without taking a break until it's done."

Severa didn't like this, but what else could she do? She certainly didn't know, so she spent the rest of the time trying her best to ignore her need. After fifteen minutes, though, she couldn't help but fidget.

Five more minutes passed before Cordelia took notice. "Severa, is something the matter?"

Severa was startled, but quickly turned around and responded, "I'm just anticipating the next battle." Cordelia held her gaze for a bit with Severa's, but then finally looked away. I hope she bought it, Severa thought. I really don't want her to think I have a weak bladder, or a weak anything for that matter. Trying to stop her fidgeting, she first made sure her mother wasn't looking, then held herself through her armor. It felt like the weight had been lifted, if only slightly.

The Sun moved across the sky at a rate Severa considered slower than it had ever moved before. Much like the opinion she had with Cordelia's mount. "How could something move so slow yet still be flying?"

She would have voiced her opinion out loud, but Cordelia might catch onto Severa's predicament, and she did not want that to happen. Anything that would lessen herself as a woman compared to her mother more than she already was would only prove to further humiliate herself. This did not help her. In fact, keeping her mind on the topic only made her long for relief that much more.

Despite her best efforts, the fidgeting returned, and she was about to give in and ask Cordelia if they could land when she was interrupted by her. "We're here, Severa. Ready your steel sword, and I'll drop you off when we are near the ground."

Severa was taken totally by surprise from this, but quickly stammered out a response. "W-wait! Couldn't we rest a little ways from here bef—"

But Severa couldn't finish as she was interrupted once again, this time from a thrown javelin that missing her head by mere inches. Hearing the ugly hiss the javelin made as it cut through the air, Severa couldn't help but leak a few drops of pee.

Cordelia quickly held on to Severa as she commanded her Pegasus to dive downwards towards the oasis. "And to think they have Wyverns. Sorry, Severa, but we either fight now or they'll chase us till we're exhausted, and then fight us."

They landed, and Cordelia immediately sunk her steel spear into a Risen soldier, killing it in one hit. Another javelin went by the pair, but this time, Severa's eyes were locked on the Risen that were throwing the weapons at them.

"Stay calm." Cordelia's words were reaching her daughter ears, but Severa's adrenaline and anger had already kicked in. She unsheathed her sword, nearly instantly plunging it into a Risen's skull. The javelin it was wielding dropped from it's grasp as the resurrected Wyvern and rider quickly disintegrated.

"I've had enough!" Severa screamed, yanking the sword out just in time to block an axe stroke. Cordelia smiled, spinning around with her now dislodged lance that pierced straight through the offending Risen.

"That was mine!" Severa said, a little annoyed, before turning to face another enemy. The battle, along with the adrenaline, helped Severa ignore her bladder.

"Wait, there were six when we first spotted them, and after we dispatched those three, there are now about twelve?" Cordelia’s breath caught as she realized what was happening. "Gods, the Risen chief is calling more in!"

Severa's heart sank when she heard her mother as she slashed at a Risen swordsman whom got too close, keeping it at bay. "Can't we just kill it as soon as possible and stop this ambush?" Severa said, lunging at the swordsman, stabbing him in the chest. She quickly pulled out the sword and spun it around in her hand, this time going for an overhead attack that lodged the sword in the Risen's skull.

"Yes, but we're going to have to push through their reinforcements. You ready?"

Severa felt the weight decrease from her sword as the Risen she killed turned to smoke."Let's go!"

Charging in, Severa cut one down, then Cordelia slayed the next, piercing straight through the line of Risen. Suddenly, as they were approaching the Risen chief, an arrow glanced off Severa's armor, causing her to stagger. She tumbled on the ground, and was forced to bring up her sword to deflect a spearhead. Cordelia saw where the arrow was shot from, and quickly tossed two javelins, killing the Risen archer before he could do more harm. By now, Severa had rolled underneath a Risen, then sliced at its legs as she tried to regain her balance. Cordelia tossed another javelin, this time at the disabled spearman, slaying it for good.

"Hope you're okay, Severa, because we need to kill that chief, lest we get swarmed."

"I'm fine! Let's kill it now, and don't you dare lose!" Severa shouted back at her mother.

The spearman had been the last Risen blocking the way, and Cordelia charged in with her steel spear, hit it on the left arm before she flew away to get ready for her second assault. Severa followed Cordelia's first attack, performing an overhead cut into the Risen's right shoulder. Severa's blade became lodged, keeping her from immediately pulling it free. Severa debated whether she should pull the sword free or try to get out of range, but she wasn't making the decision fast enough. Her eyes widened as she saw the Risen chief raise its steel axe, preparing to strike her. Fear kept her locked in place, as all her thoughts left her mind. Suddenly, a clang of metal on metal broke the air, and the axe flew away from the Risen's grasp, hitting the sand a good distance away. Realizing that her mother had used her second attack to save her, Severa quickly pulled out the sword, spun it around and hit the chieftain in the neck, causing it to sever and disintegrate.

That's when Severa noticed it. All her thoughts were on trying to save herself, so she didn't even notice the small amount of liquid that was flowing out of her, causing her mind to race. Was I injured? I don't remember being hit. Did the arrow from earlier pierce my armor? These thoughts and many more raced through her head in the mere seconds it took for Severa to look down. Her faced turned a deep red. Even worse. I-I'm peeing myself. Severa never thought it possible, but she was. Quickly, Severa realized she might be able to stop it and used all her strength to halt the flow, even using both of her hands. Her peeing ceased, but an aching pain replaced what relief she was getting, almost making her regret her decision. By now, Cordelia had noticed Severa holding herself.

"Are you all right, Severa? Were you injured?" Severa's head jerked up at this, and she quickly removed her hands, praying she wouldn't lose it. She didn't, so Severa proceeded to give out a charming response.

"I'll tell you if I'm not all right. Just worry about yourself, please," Severa said, partly pleading at the last word. Cordelia sighed, but decided her daughter wasn't in too grave danger, and tossed over a vulnerary.

"At least drink this to put my mind at ease." Cordelia said, pointing at the vulnerary.

Severa couldn't think what it would do to her poor bladder, but if she didn't drink it, she might get into a dragged out argument with her mother. On the battlefield, no less. Taking after her mother, Severa sighed and reluctantly sipped from the vulnerary, instantly feeling the pressure increase from the liquids she had been storing. Her mother said a quick, "Thank you." before turning away, trying to mop up the remaining Risen left on the field.

Severa knew her fighting skills would diminish due to her desperate state, but she didn't want to disappoint her mother. Slowly, she lifted up her sword and approached an enemy Risen wielding an axe.

Severa's steel sword should easily have given her an advantage, but with her mind focused mostly on trying to not pee herself like a little girl, she was ill prepared for any sudden movement the Risen would make. She decided to attack first, thus possibly killing it before it could react. Raising her blade, she swung down at an angle which cut off the risen's axe wielding arm and slayed it along with her own blade.

Severa's steel sword snapped in half, and the reassuring weight of the hefty steel blade no longer existed. She panicked, scrambling for another one of her steel swords. Movement appeared in her peripheral vision and she quickly tried to roll away; she regretted the pressure it put on her bladder which made her dribble a little into her already saturated panties. She could feel a tremendous amount of heat pass by her as a fire spell flew by, hitting the sand near her original position.

Of all the times for this to happen, why now?! Severa thought as she regained control of her bladder.

She shifted her gaze from her inventory that contained her spare sword to what had attacked her, and noticed that it was a Risen mage wielding a tomb of arcfire. Pulling out her sword, she dashed toward the mage with the steel blade pointed forward. She jumped to the side as another spell was cast, yet this time it seared some of her armor and caused Severa to grit her teeth, now feeling pain in two areas instead of just one. She stabbed the mage in the chest, and as it tried desperately to cast one last spell, Severa said, "Are you daft?" as she twisted the blade, finishing it off.

The decaying Risen was only on her mind for a second after killing it, for Severa received a large spasm in her bladder. As fast as she could, she dropped both of her hands, not even knowing if she was still in danger or not. With her best effort, Severa closed the floodgates, using the pommel of her sword to help even more, but she was in trouble; she would instantly soak herself if she removed her hands. I lasted this long, surely I can last until I can find a proper place to pee... Severa thought to herself.

"Severa, did the mage hit you? Are you okay?"

"I-I'm..." She didn't know what she was, and instead changed the subject. "Are all the Risen gone?"

"I think so, but are you injured? You're leaning forward and holding yourself," Cordelia said, dismounting near Severa.

"I... I don't think I can make it..." Severa muttered to herself.

Taking the words Severa whispered along with the burn mark on her shoulder as the signs of someone close to death, Cordelia rummaged through her pockets, pulling out an elixir. "Wait, I have an elixir! Here, take it, just don't die!" Cordelia shouted, totally misunderstanding her daughter.

Severa shook her head, tears flowed down her cheeks. "Not that, I-" another large spasm hit her bladder, and she couldn't help but bend over, trying to stop what she already knew couldn't be stopped. Pee flowed down her legs, practically unhindered by Severa's hands.

"No, I-I can't be... I'm wetting myself, like a little girl..." Her leggings glistened as pee flowed downwards, hitting the sand and turning it a darker hue. Severa removed her hands, but her fingerless gloves, along with the grip on her sword, had already been covered by her pee, the yellow liquid dripping to the ground from over-saturation. The flow continued for a full minute, and when the stream finally died down, she straightened up, yet kept her gaze downwards. Digging her right foot in the now damp sand, both her hands, along with her sword, now behind her back, Severa muttered to her mother. "I couldn't do it, Mother... I'm sorry... I didn't think this would happen. I thought I'd be a woman and hold it."

Severa felt her mother’s hand under her chin, bringing Severa's gaze towards her. Cordelia smiled warmly, and she calmly said to her daughter, "Honestly, you're more of a woman than I am. If I hadn't peed before we left, I doubt I would have even made it to the battle dry, much less fight through the whole thing."

Severa smiled, and wrapped her arms around Cordelia. "I'm glad I beat you in something, then." Severa said.

Cordelia hugged Severa back. "You've beaten me in more things than you know."

*005*2014-11-05 08:14

(Trying first person, gonna see how all of you enjoy it, because so far I enjoy it more than third.)

Alicia's Road Trip

I fidget as I try and recall what happened earlier. My parents had woken me up when it was still dark out, telling me that we were to go on a road trip. Sure, I like them from time to time, but visiting an art museum, the same one, by the way, five times in the same month? Ugh, I don't understand my parents!

I shouldn't pile the blame on them entirely. After all, the reason I'm even going on this trip is because of my stupid little sister. Normally I really like her, but when she constantly pesters my parents to see an art museum again as soon as we get back, I tend to get angry with her.

"Why can't we go somewhere else close by? I'm all for art, but this is the fifth time this month!" I complain to my parents with rightful annoyance.

They, however, don't agree. "We plan on seeing something else after the art museum, so there's no need to be grumpy." My mom answered back. I decide she won't budge on the subject at this rate, so I turn to my sister. Her expression has changed fairly little from this morning. A simple glance can show that excitement, interest, and enthusiasm is written all over her face.

As if on cue, my father turns from his seat in the passenger's side. "Why can't you be as excited for this trip as your little sister, Alicia?" It's as if this is day one of this stupid trip to everyone else when it's day five for me!

"That's because Emma's the only reason we're going!" Honestly, I think Emma is the only one enjoying the art museum. I swear, Emma has the mind of a goldfish; if you were to show her an image, drop it on the floor, and then show her again when you pick it back up, it would be a whole new picture to her, which probably explains the art museum. As soon as she looked away from one painting, she had forgotten every detail of it.

My father snaps me from my thoughts, saying, "Well, your mom and I don't remember all of the paintings from last time, so that's why we're going again." The same excuse as last time. In fact, I'm starting to wonder why it's the exact same, but then again, my father isn't the most creative person, and he tends to repeat himself.

Looking out the window, I can see the cars speeding by on the other side of the highway. It's the only real distraction I have from my filling bladder. Sure, the conversation helped with eating up a few minutes, but it was short-lived, and I doubt they'd be willing to argue again. My bladder had no chance earlier today to empty, my parents being in a rush thinking there might be a crowd at the museum. Sure, I don't recall how many people were at it the other four times, nor what it even looked like now that I think about it. But that's besides the point. What I'm trying to say is I highly doubt there would be a crowd in a museum that's been open for who knows how many years unless it was brand-new.

I kick the empty water bottle at my feet. "Remember to stay hydrated" my mother said when we were in the car earlier. I wish I had thought of what it would do to my bladder and decided to not drink it, as it's getting more and more difficult to hide my desperation sitting back here in my white miniskirt and T-shirt.

Wait, my sister has to go to the restroom eventually, she has a weaker bladder than I. I look at my sister and instantly pick out something wrong in her demeanor. Not only is her smile less confident, but her bouncing in excitement merged into more of a slow, deliberate bounce. It's as if she wants to be excited, but her pee was starting to hold her back.

But there really wasn't much else to it. I found myself trying to daydream to keep my mind off my bladder, and I slowly lose track of what's going on in the car. It's as if I slowly slipped out of reality, yet my urgency quickly came back, telling me that there was something that had to be done. But what should I do?...

I must have dozed off, as I quickly wake up to my bladder starting to leak a slow trickle of pee. Shooting my hands downwards, I stop the flow, although I realize it started to leave a wet patch on the skirt.

I hadn't planned for it to come to this. In fact, I hadn't planned any of this out. I look to Emma, who was blushing and thumbing the zipper on her jeans. Emma was eyeing a full bottle of lemonade that was between the two of us. Looking in front of me towards the driver's seat, I tap my mother's shoulder. Before she can tell me that tapping someone's shoulder is very distracting while the other person is driving, I dive in with my question.

"How much longer until we get there?"

"Not for a few more hours, why?"

"I... really need to pee."

My mother shook her head. "Why hadn't you gone before we left? I thought you were a thirteen year old!" W-what is she implying? That I'm not a thirteen year old? That, because I'm a thirteen year old, that I can hold it in until the end of time?

"I-I am a thirteen year old, it's just... I didn't know it would get this bad so quickly..."

My mom, however, didn't deem my excuse as being good enough. "Well, you'll just have to hold it until we get there, unless you're younger than Emma. After all, look at her." My mother points at the rear-view mirror, supposedly at my sister through it. "She hasn't even asked how long until we get to the museum, let alone the next rest stop."

I look at Emma, and she quickly moves her hand from her jeans. "She has to go just as bad as I do, maybe worse!" I point out, yet Emma had already grown too big a head from our mother's second-hand praise. "I'm fine, I can hold it in for longer than Alicia."

I sigh, realizing that this was an argument I can not win.

By another hour, I know for a fact I can't make it. Not only is it getting painful to hold, I have resorted to using both hands, and we still have about an hour on the clock. I can tell my sister is having trouble holding up as well as she was, more or less, in the same position. Holding herself with both hands, she was constantly shifting in her seat, and I can just barely see that her jeans are slightly darkened around her hands. Her eyes were clenched shut, and only opened when her mouth did so as well.

"M-mom, c-... could we possibly stop s-somewhere soon?" Her voice is trembling as she speaks.

Our mother gently shook her head. "I'm holding up fine, and your father is too, I'm guessing, so we should keep driving to make up time."

With a statement such as that, I can't help but cut in. "Wait a second, what lost time? We haven't stopped during this whole trip, the traffic is negligible, and we left early in the morning. How can you consider that we lost any time?"

My response is enough to leave my mother speechless, and luckily for my sister and I, our father spoke up before our mother can formulate a response. "Alicia has a point, dear. I don't see why you're being so stubborn-"

"I'm not stubborn! I just... think that eleven and thirteen year old girls should be able to hold their pee."

Our father shrugged his shoulders. "Well, if you say so."

"Yes, I do say so."

"Just remember, you'll be the one cleaning the car if either of them has an accident."

Our mother glanced at the rear-view mirror. Either she was looking at us, or she was determining how much of a pain it would be to clean the chairs.

Sighing, our mother starts switching lanes.

"Fine, but no more stops after this one, got it, girls?"

My sister gives a nervous grin. "T-thanks."

I stay silent, as something else is on my mind after my sister's sheepish reply. My bladder was definitely hurting, and already my miniskirt had a small, slightly visible yellow blotch on the front, and telling from the dampness, a bigger one on the back.

Wait, what's that odd feeling I'm getting? I gasp as my skirt starts to slowly darken, my bladder had contracted and is now releasing my pent up pee! I push my hands into my skirt even harder, stopping the flow, but the stain on the front has grown, and I assume the stain on the back eclipsed half my skirt.

"Mom, Alicia is wetting herself." comes the shrill voice of my sister.

"Only a little..." I point out as I'm unable to come up with a better excuse.

"You shouldn't be wetting yourself at all." My mother scolds. "Although it appears your sister is in the same state as you." I turn, and sure enough, the stain that had been small and subtle on Emma's jean's had grown.

"W-well, I have a smaller bladder than Alicia..."

"That's no excuse, Emma, you need to hold it in. We're almost at a rest stop, so you should be able to hold it until then."

My bladder, however, needs to be emptied now! Looking around, I saw a water bottle full of lemonade. Picking it up, I unscrew the cap. Maybe if I drink- no! Out of the question! Somehow, I know my bladder can't hold until I finish drinking it. Opening my window, I tilt the bottle, letting the lemonade trickle out. Watching the lemonade escape from the bottle only makes my predicament worse, and I can feel my bladder throb in pain just watching it.

Suddenly I twitch as I feel a small amount of pee exit my bladder. Unluckily for me, the twitch had caused the grip on the bottle to weaken, and it flies from my grasp before I can reach for it.

"N-no!" I cry, watching the bottle bounce on the road behind us. Why did I have to drop it! Closing my window, I continue looking around the car, finding nothing that I could pee in nor on.

In a few more minutes I can pee, but it will be a near miss as is. Turning towards my sister, I can see her looking down, hands pressed together tightly. She was also blushing heavily, but she did have to pee last time I checked, and I doubt that would have changed. She probably just peed a little unintentionally, like I did.

"Emma." I say trying to get her attention.

"W-what?"

"How long do you think you have?"

My sister inspects my skirt before answering. "Not as bad as you, b-but pretty bad... M-maybe half an hour." In the state I'm in, I can't wait thirty minutes; in fact, I might not be able to last five minutes!

Feeling the car slow, I realize what's happening. When I feel the car has stopped, I open my door, standing up slowly. I can feel my bladder weigh down on me, and a small trickle of pee goes down my legs in response, soaking into my socks.

Taking one step after the other, my painful bladder slowing me down, I follow my mother and sister. Looking up, it appears we had stopped at a park, and public bathrooms where placed outside in the open. The bad thing is, there is already a line of four women, two of which accompanied by girls.

Getting in the back of the line, I hop from foot to foot, trying to keep from peeing myself. My painful bladder is constantly trying to tell me to pee, and if i were to stop the constant back and forth jumping, I would surely lose it.

The line moves at a crawl, with only one stall out of four being open. I assume the other three were either vandalized or simply stopped working, but who knows? Honestly, I don't really care too much to think of that, as my pee is still pressing down on my bladder, trying to find some path past my hands.

I notice my sister beside me is swaying back and forth, nowhere near as desperate as I am. Maybe I should find a bush, a patch of grass, a tree, something outside to pee on before the floor takes their place? But there is only a Woman and her daughter in front of me, so only about a minute is left until I can pee.

They enter the stall, and I can feel another dribble of pee pass by my hands, traveling down my legs for a couple seconds before finally stopping. My panties are soaked by now, there's no question about that, and now my socks aren't much better.

When the woman and girl finally leave (the girl looking much more relieved than before), I shuffle into the big stall, my mother and sister close behind. As I reach to take off my panties, my mother grabs my shoulder.

"Alicia, let Emma go first."

"W-why? I have to pee way more than she does!"

"She's younger than you, so you're supposed to hold it for longer than her."

"B-b-but-"

"No buts. You're thirteen now, so act like it."

I sigh and continue my earlier hopping, letting my sister pass by, who already started pulling down her jeans and panties. Sitting on the toilet, Emma pauses for a second, blushing, but then a trickle is heard, and soon a splashing starts to follow as she starts to empty her bladder.

I can't take it! The splashing of pee is making my need to pee redouble, and all my efforts to hold futile! My bladder suddenly contracts, and pee quickly streaks down my legs, turning my entire skirt yellow.

"No! S-stop..." I cry, but it's hopeless, despite all my might, I can't stop my already weakened bladder from emptying onto the floor. Pee drips from my skirt as it travels down both legs, and even from between my legs. My socks are soaked, my shoes full of pee, and the floor around surrounded by a shiny yellow puddle.

I take a step, my socks squelching and the puddle splashing, bringing a shiver down my spine. I look up, my sister had lifted up her legs to avoid the puddle, and my mother's shocked expression quickly turned to a disapproving one. Tears freely flowed down my cheeks as my vision blurred. I wish I had another chance to change things. If it only were today again, then maybe I'd be able to avoid wetting myself.

I fidget as I try to recall what happened earlier. My parents had woken me up when it was still dark out, telling me that we were to go on a road trip. Sure, I like them from time to time, but visiting an art museum, the same one, by the way, six times in the same month? Ugh, I don't understand my parents!

*007*2014-11-05 10:52

I was wondering why you said the last sentence and didn't mention any of the first paragraph's last sentence. You may have just implied that the first paragraph's last sentence was pretty much the same, so they both could be reworked, but you did make me realize something. Apparently, during the time I was editing, I accidentally deleted the seperation between the last paragraph and the second to last paragraph, combining them into one. I just fixed that (although I did so on my phone, so some of the BBCode should be missing, but all I can recall was the underline under the title).

*008*2014-11-27 07:00

Despite what the start may have you believe, this is a story about wetting. I was thinking about not posting it for multiple reasons, but as you can see, it's posted anyways. So, without further ado...

Maddie's First Public Wetting

Pulling the frilly purple dress on, I look at myself in the mirror. I'm not wearing anything too special, just some dark grey leggings to go with my purple dress. I spin around to look myself over, my short brown hair shifting sightly during my gentle spin. Satisfied that my dress is both short and long enough, I walk to my front door. I slip on some cheap grey shoes I'm expecting to soon throw away before I pause. I was planning for this moment for weeks, yet I almost forgot the most important part! Walking into my kitchen, I grab a water bottle and place it in my purse. I drank three of these this morning, including two sodas to help with the process.

Oh, how silly of me, I forgot to give some back-story on myself! I'm Maddie [insert husband's last name here] and I'm into staged desperation. While I've had a wetting or two, I found I don't really get off on it, so I chose not to try a public wetting. Public desperation, on the other hand, I enjoy very much. The only problem is, I usually can't try it because of my husband.

That is, until today. Today my husband is going to be gone for the week, and yesterday I already attempted it once at the house. Today I go for something more public.

Stepping outside, I walk to the bus stop that will then take me to the mall. Already my bladder is giving me signals of my need, and I shake with anticipation. Ten minutes later, the bus arrives, and I take the seat closest to the front, tapping my foot as I wait for the bus to slowly continue through its route.

"Five minutes late already." I think to myself. "Let's just hope the bus makes up this lost time, the schedule I planned out is already very precise."

This however, is public transportation, and if you even think it would be on time, you'd be sadly mistaking. I place my purse on my lap as I fidget in place. Twenty-five minutes on this bus and already my bladder is ahead of a schedule that is already ten minutes late. Thankfully, the bus lets off at the bus stop near the mall by thirty minutes into the ride, and I shakily stand up to start my shopping. That is, after a ten minute walk from the bus stop.

Walking by one of the few bathrooms in this mall, I glance in its direction. I can go now and try to fill myself up, that way I don't risk having an accident later. I shake my head. Risk? I thought the whole fun in this public desperation was the risk in wetting myself, yet making it just in time in the end. And if my purple panties turn a darker color in the process? That would be all the better.

Stepping away, I mentally go over the list of objects I planned to buy, none of which being clothes. If I bought clothes, then it would seem like I could change out of wet ones just in case, and that's against the entire plan I had in mind. First items on the list, books.

I down my water bottle as I search through each shelf, looking for the book I was planning on getting. When the bottle is empty I place it in my bag, that way I can fill it and drink from it at the next store as well. Shifting from foot to foot, I pick out the one I'm looking for and end up in a ten person line. Thinking about going to the bathroom just in case, I dismiss the thought. I might as well continue as planned, even if the world is trying to ruin it.

Finally reaching the front of the line, I pay for my book before heading back in the mall, eager to continue with the rest of my day. Filling up my water bottle, the sight of the water is already starting to affect me. Quickly tucking it away, my thoughts drift to the water fountain in the middle. My plan is to walk by it after every purchase, that way it becomes more mesmerizing every time I pass. Walking by it now already makes me fidget a little more, yet I continue with my plan. Heading towards the coffee shop, my second purchase is close at hand.

Remembering to drink from my water bottle again, I have a small amount of trouble finishing the whole bottle, but despite that, I succeed. Already aware that I might get sick from consuming just liquids all day, I order myself a little food with my coffee, eating the food as I walk towards the middle of the mall and the water fountain.

Crossing my legs, I place my purse to the side, finishing off my snack. Legs bouncing as I try to keep everything in, I drink from the coffee, the first sip causing a few drops of pee to escape into my panties.

This isn't good. I'm a store behind my bladder, and it's still early in the day. Taking out my book, I continue with the schedule by taking a break at the water fountain to read. The constant pattering of water behind me is slowing down my reading, but I finish the first chapter only a few minutes later than I expected.

Standing up, I do a slight curtsy under the pressure. My bladder is fuller than I planned, should I make up time? Should I skip a few stores? Should I visit the bathroom? No, I must continue the schedule, yesterday I planned it out and made it with, I'd say, ten minutes to spare. If I deviate from my plans so early, I'm pretty much doubting my bladder's holding capacity! I will continue without further delay.

Taking my purse with me, I throw away the coffee, heading to a drinking fountain to fill my water bottle. I do a small dance the whole time, but I finally fill it and head towards my next destination, the videogame store. I wasn't planning on playing anything today, but I always make it a habit to visit here to see if there were any game releases that got by my radar. Stepping in, I down the other bottle of water, pausing halfway through to curtsy once again.

I walk further in the store, shuffling a little as I move from shelf to shelf. Noticing something on the bottom shelf catching my eye, I bend down, instantly regretting it. My bladder starts dribbling at the increase in pressure, forcing me to place a hand to stem the flow. I look at my dress and see a small spot, no more bigger than a dime. I'm losing control, but I'm not out yet.

Reaching for the game with my free hand, I stand up, losing another short trickle from the movement upwards. Walking to the counter, I groan in frustration. There are already four other people in the line, and I'm starting to doubt my bladder. Customer after customer leaves after their purchase, and I'm forced to search for my wallet in my purse whilst I'm dancing in place. Finding my money, I pay for the game and quickly leave the store.

Tempting as the restrooms may be, I had one more thing on to do before hand. Sit by the water fountain and read one more chapter. I dreaded this moment sent I even made up the schedule, yet all good things come with a price. The moment I see the fountain I feel a wave of desperation hit, but I move on, sitting right next to the splashing and pattering of the water fountain, wriggling as I pull out my book. I can barely focus on the book with all the ambient noise, but I expected as much. In this state, it takes forever to read one page, let alone one chapter, but with the help of my left hand, I manage to force the feeling to subside enough that I can finish chapter two.

I place the book in my purse and rise to my feet, instantly bending over, clenching my thighs at the sudden pulse from my bladder. Feeling the wetness cover my hand, I use the other hand as well, succeeding in stopping the flow. Now I'm on the clock, with zero being way sooner than I planned. I'm ecstatic from the feeling I am getting, yet I'm also frightened from the feeling I very well may soon get.

Walking to the main entrance, my face goes pale as I see the line of girls standing in line. It's as if every girl in the county had decided to go pee right now, and my bladder was throbbing as I step to the back of the line. Stepping forward as the first girl leaves, I pause, feeling pee dribble down my legs. It continues for half a second before my strained muscles are able to stop my pee, but already the spot on my purple dress has grown, and the grey leggings already show every single drop that rolls down my legs.

Pressing my thighs together and then dancing on the spot, bouncing slightly as I try to hold back the flood, I'm already feeling lightheaded from the excitement. Trying to not pass out, I keep myself from rubbing the damp clothes against my skin, but only barely. I do a pee dance, mimicking a small girl who drank too much without bathroom breaks.

I hear girls chuckling behind me as, from what I can guess, teen girls are laughing at my predicament. My cheeks burn in shame, only making the feeling I'm getting that much more enjoyable. But with twelve more girls in front of me, I simply cannot wait! Leaving the line, I skid my shoes against the ground, stopping every so often to keep control over my bladder. Dancing on the spot, I continue on. Another spasm hits me, and I lean forward in pain as I try to hold it back, yet pee escape anyways, spattering on the tile floor. I regain control, but continue towards the other, lesser known restroom. I pause again to regain control, yet when I look up, the mere sight of the water fountain brings tears to my eyes.

Taking a few more steps, the sound of the fountain gnaws at my overworked bladder, and another dribble hits the ground.

Taking another step, I curtsy, bending forward and wriggling in place. This is it. I'm at my limit. I've always gotten close, but I never. Felt. So.

I try pressing my hands, clenching my muscles, bending forward more, anything that can help curb the desire to pee everywhere, yet my pee wins. Feeling the hot pee stream down my legs, an audible hissing sound is heard, soon followed by the splattering of pee hitting pee. My purple dress darkens and my dark grey leggings glisten as pee soaks every inch, quickly turning it a yellowish black.

My pee finally ceasing, I can feel the heat on my cheeks. I had just had an accident. In the mall. In front of everyone. And yet, despite my original interests, and maybe because of the embarrassing nature of it all, I am euphoric. Feeling the sense of shame wash over me seemed less like something I did wrong, and more something I didn't try soon enough. Stepping out of the puddle, I walk to the bus stop, feeling the wet clothes rub against my skin.

The bus came after eight minutes of feeling air cool the pee soaked leggings, and I soon board the bus, sitting as far back as possible. I think about placing my purse on my lap, but with how wet my leggings are, it would do no good.

Twenty minutes in, I can feel my bladder start to empty itself some more, and despite my unwillingness to pee again, my overexerted bladder didn't even put up a fight. The pee re-soaks my leggings, causing it to once again glisten, and the pee to once again splatter on the floor, this time the bus floor.

A little girl with ponytails in front of me turns around, tugging on her mother's shirt. "Mommy, tell that woman to stop peeing, it's making me need to pee mooooooooorrrrrrreeeee!"

The mother quickly hushes and subsequently scolds her daughter before I finally get off at my stop. Stepping in my house, I take off my clothes before turning on the shower, the sound of water making me dance in place. I never thought I would enjoy wetting myself, but today seems to have shown that I most assuredly do.

