Kelly's College Pee Adventures (Part 2)

Author: peelove64

*000*2014-12-22 19:11

Warm water splashed over Kelly’s body. She cringed as she thought of how much the water from the spigot reminded her of Kim’s urine pouring over her. At least the shower’s water smelled better and didn’t sting her eyes. She periodically drank gulps of water to do away with the phantom remnants the taste of pee left. Only a small spurt had snuck in her mouth before she clamped it shut, but the salty, acrid taste was overwhelming. She fought back tears, not wanting her first day of college to be ruined by one negative experience.

Outside the paper-thin doors, Kelly could hear Kim explaining the surreal situation to her roommate, Amanda. “It’s just that I had to pee so bad and I would have burst if I looked for somewhere else and I didn’t want to pee on the floor and-” her rambling speech reminded Kelly of a child fessing up to the principal. Judging by Amanda, the fiery, no-nonsense redhead’s voice, it seemed like an apt analogy.

“Ugh, whatever you say. You two can have your weird kinky fun, but keep me out of it. And keep it out of my bathroom, I pay for it too!” The final word was followed by a loud pounding on the bathroom door. “Are you almost done in there? I know Kim just hosed you with piss but I gotta do the same, although I think I’ll choose the toilet over you.”

Kelly, timid as always, wanted to call her a bitch but ended up only replying meekly, “Yeah, sorry, I’ll be out in a minute.” She felt like she could spend an eternity in the shower. It was approaching half an hour and still she felt like every inch of her body needed a good scrubbing. A small, rebellious side she hardly knew existed kicked in, and she decided to wait as long as possible before drying up and letting Amanda have her turn.

Time passed far too quickly, as it always did when Kelly began to relax and fully enjoy her shower. Another pounding on the door, much louder this time, made clear just how long the shower had been running.

“Come on! I’ve been holding it since we left the house this morning!” Amanda cried, sounding pretty desperate. “What the hell’s taking so long?!”

Kelly smiled mischievously. Serves you right talking to me like that, she thought, but said, “Ok, I’m sorry, I’m getting out soon.”

The door, for the second time in one day, burst open while Kelly was still in the bathroom. “Fuck it, you obviously can’t be too shy if you’re bathing in another girl’s piss, and I’m too desperate too care at this point.” Amanda rushed past the shower towards the toilet. Kelly was surprised, but after the strangeness she had experienced already she wasn’t terribly shocked.

A loud tinkling and a breathy sigh signaled Amanda’s relief. The flow was so loud and concentrated it could be heard even over the shower. Kelly had nothing to say to her increasingly rude suitemate, so she continued her shower while listening to the other girl do her business.

“I’m open-minded,” Amanda said suddenly, breaking the silence as her stream came to a stop and she unraveled a piece of toilet paper, “I just don’t want whatever it is you and Kim want to do interfere with my life. If you like wetting on each other, fine, just do it somewhere else.”

“But…that wasn’t what was going on!” Kelly was really getting angry now. “Didn’t you even listen to Kim? It was just a huge misunderstanding. She was desperate! There was nothing sexual about it.”

“Yeah, right, the two of you giggling while peeing in the same toilet wasn’t sexual? Gimme a break. Look, I don’t care how you get your kicks, I just don’t want to find urine stains all over the suite, okay? When you’re here, pee in the toilet and nowhere else, got it?” She flushed and hustled out of the bathroom, slamming the door on her way out.

What, not even in the shower? Kelly thought. Everybody pees in the shower! What’s got this girl so stuck-up? The thought gave Kelly pause and that inkling of rebellion overtook her once again. Having waited so long, and having drank a decent amount of water from the spigot, Kelly’s bladder was beginning to ache once again. It was a small fuck-you, but it would be satisfying all the same, in more than way come to think of it.

She spread her legs and smirked, then sent a twirling stream of clear piss into the drain. She took her finger and maneuvered her vulva so as to take control of the stream. She almost always did this in the shower; it was fun, and good practice if she ever needed to pee standing while outdoors.

Kelly’s pee ended quickly. She shook her hips a bit to shake off the last drops and turned the shower off. She toweled off and though about the events that had transpired. With a laugh, Kelly decided not to be ashamed or disgusted by anything that had happened, including the accidental golden shower. She just hoped that the rest of the day would be a little less exciting.

