Master and Servant

Author: Sunny

*008*2014-10-08 03:42

Chapter Four: Let The Games Begin

Draco smirked widely as she agreed to his conditions, not that he'd left her with any other choice. This was going to be a very, very good year indeed. He watched as Hermione started cleaning up her messy clothes and the puddle. He noticed she'd left her panties wet. He wondered if it was because she didn't want to knowingly flash him, because she liked them wet, or if it was because it was just a habit by now. He'd find out the answer eventually.

“So let me get this right,” Hermione said, perching herself atop a desk, “I'm not allowed to go to the toilet--”

“You're not allowed to pee,” he corrected.

“Unless I have your permission?” she finished.

“Correct,” he said.

“Okay, well, what if I have to use the loo and I don't have to pee?” she asked, arms crossed.

“You can do that,” he said, “but you have to tell me.”

“And what if I pee while I'm there?” she asked coolly.

“You'll be punished,” he said simply, “and trust me, I will know if you peed without permission.”

Hermione sighed, scowling in displeasure.

“What kind of punishments are we talking about? Are you going to make me wet myself?” she asked.

“I think we both know, Granger, that you enjoy wetting yourself far too much to make it a punishment,” he sneered, enjoying how red she blushed, “Listen, the punishments will fit your crimes when you break my rules. But I'm not a cruel master (Hermione raised her eyebrow distrustfully as he spoke) and you'll receive rewards when do do what I ask.” She sighed, looking cross but nibbling her lip in thought, pondering his rules. Slowly, she nodded.

“And you won't tell anyone? Not as long as I do what you say?” she asked.

“I promise,” he said “I won't tell anyone. I'd have to tell everyone I enjoyed watching you piss your knickers too.” She nodded again, accepting this. He could have danced.

“Alright, well...you've already had a good pee,” he said, loving how uncomfortable she looked, “I know your panties are still wet. You're not allowed to take them off or dry them until you shower. You may pee, but only in your dorm tonight before you go to bed. You are not allowed to go in the morning when you wake up.”

“Sounds like you already have plans,” she said dryly, looking unamused.

“Oh trust me, I have had plans for a long while now,” he sneered, making her fidget uncomfortably, “and tomorrow morning you are to meet me in the library before breakfast starts.” She nodded curtly, looking like she had something sour in her mouth, and wouldn't meet his eyes. He flicked his wand, magically unlocking the door, and opened it for her.

“I'll see you tomorrow morning, Granger,” he said with a grin. She shoved past him, storming out of the room with a mix of embarrassment and fury on her face. He loved every second of it. He watched her stomp away with a smirk before slipping out himself and heading in the opposite direction. This was going to be so much fun. He couldn't believe his stroke of genius and good luck! He was going to be able to watch Hermione wet herself whenever he wanted, and be in control of exactly how she did it every time. He grinned boyishly, almost skipping as he headed down to the library. He wasn't kidding when he said he had plans.

The next morning he was sitting the library, unassumingly doing his homework before breakfast. He was the only one in there besides the old librarian, but he knew Hermione would show up. His thoughts drifted from his homework to what he had planned for Hermione. He decided to go easy on her the first day. He knew she'd be embarrassed, which would in turn make her defiant, and honestly he didn't want this whole game to be a struggling battle between them. Ideally, he wanted Hermione to be able to enjoy herself, but he knew he'd have to make her trust him for that. It was going to be a challenge, but he was more than ready for it.

Hermione walked in about half an hour before breakfast started. He noted she looked moody, but that was to be expected. She spotted him and came over, sitting across from where he worked. She crossed her arms, lips turned down in a frown.

“Malfoy,” she greeted coolly.

“Wrong,” he said, not looking up from his work, “You are to address me as Master or by my given name. I'm allowed to call you whatever I feel like it. Now go on and greet me properly, or you'll be punished.” She tsked, huffing in irritation. “Go on then.”

“Good morning, Draco,” she said, attitude thick in her tone. He'd let that slide, for now. He smiled wickedly and looked up at her.

“Sleep well, Hermione?” he asked, enjoying the surprise on her face when he used her given name in kind, but she quickly masked it with a scowl.

“No, I had nightmares about you,” she scoffed, glaring indignantly. He chuckled.

“Then I did good yesterday,” he mused.

“Pervert,” she huffed, leaning back into her chair, “did you have me come here to banter while you caught up on Arithmancy?”

“No, I had you come here so you knew today's rules,” he said as he worked, “and I'm not catching up, I'm doing that assignment for next week about prime numbers.” She looked heavily annoyed, he noted, while he worked. She was uncomfortable and embarrassed at the situation, irritated that her attempts to pick a fight with him were failing. She was incapable, he'd observed, of picking fights during a civilized conversation.

“And what are those rules?” she finally sighed, leaning back into her chair. He met her eyes, his smile almost charming.

“Did you go to the toilet this morning?” he asked her, ignoring her question and happy to see a pink blush rise up in her cheeks.

“No,” she said. That was good, she was afraid he'd done something. At the moment, he would have had no idea if she was telling the truth or not. Hermione had proven on more than one occasion that she was actually a fair liar. She could have peed this morning, told him she hadn't, and he wouldn't have been the wiser. He was working on steps to counteract that, however.

“Good girl,” he praised, noting that the blush deepened. Embarrassment or was she pleased? He couldn't quite tell, “do you have to pee now?”

“Not...not right this minute,” she answered, looking down at the table.

“Ah, but you do have a need?” he asked with a slow smile. She sighed, blushing a bit more.

“Yes,” she said quietly. Perfect. He reached down into his bag and pulled out a large metal flask with the Hogwarts insignia on it.

“This is self-refilling, and its full of water. It will only re-fill once its emptied. During each class before lunch, I want you to drink a full bottle. And at breakfast, you're to drink three full goblets of pumpkin juice. Have you had anything to drink at all today?” he asked, happy to see her paling as he gave her his instructions.

“I had a glass of water when I woke up,” she said, now apparently regretting doing that. This was going to be such fun.

“That's fine. You have Charms with the Hufflepuff's right before lunch, don't you?” he asked, and she nodded in response, “Good. Meet me in the secret passage between the suit of armor holding a spear and the statue of Ulric the Odd. You do know the one, don't you? It has the tapestry covering up an empty hallway halfway to the other---”

“I know which one, alright?!” she snapped.

“Shhh! Quiet in the library!” Madam Pince shushed at them. Hermione looked down apologetically and Draco had to admit that he found it ironically funny that a scolding from a librarian could do that to her. He wanted to have that power one day.

“I know you do,” he said quietly, smiling wickedly, “last year you barely got inside before you totally flooded yourself.”

“Shut. Up.” she snarled, blushing brightly, eyes narrowed at him. He loved the look on her face.

“Meet me there after class. You're not to pee until you see me again, and then I'll decide what happens,” he said as he shut his book, tucking it into his bag before he strode out of the library. Oh, he was going to have her utterly desperate for the loo before lunch. And he wasn't going to let her go.

Draco didn't have any of his morning classes with the Gryffindors that day, so he could only imagine how badly she'd be squirming. She was starting to get the slightest bit fidgety at breakfast after she drank all her juice, he'd noted. Was it because she was nervous about the game? Maybe the anxiety of it all was putting its strain on her bladder. Or maybe she was excited about getting to hold like that again so soon. Either way, he was anxious for their morning classes to end so he could see how she held up before lunch.

He was giddy when the bell rang for their midday meal, but took his time walking toward the secret passage they'd agreed to meet in. He was sure she was desperate and he wanted to drag it out. He walked into the entrance of the passage way, following along its path. Hermione was waiting for him by the tapestry halfway point. She didn't see him yet, but she was standing there with her arms crossed, shifting from foot to foot restlessly. Oh, but he could tell she had to go worse than she was letting on. Her body was tight as a wire, hands balled tightly at her sides. Classic Hermione I-Don't-Have-To-Pee denial. He walked up, clearing his throat to announce his presence. She stopped shifting, forcing herself to stand still and cross her arms. He noticed her light trembling, however.

“You took your time,” she scolded, looking miffed. She shifted again and bit her lip.

“Did I? Why do you have somewhere you need to go?” he asked with a smile.

“Yes, lunch, I'm hungry,” she retorted, bouncing, “is that a problem, Master?” Even though she'd called him that in sarcasm, it sent a bolt of excitement straight through him. He couldn't wait for the day she would whine and moan the title, begging to let her piss. He ripped his mind away from the fantasy and leaned against the wall opposite.

“So, how were your classes?” he asked casually, watching with glee as she fidgeted in place.

“Fine,” she said tersely, “they were completely fine.” He could see her visibly resisting the urge to cross her legs.

“Good to hear,” he said, “Would you mind getting the water flask for me? I'd like to see it.” She glared at him and even in the dimly lit room he could see color tinting her cheeks. She bent down to her bag, slowly and carefully, biting her lip. He could see her legs and bottom trembling. She was quite desperate, as he'd planned. She stood back up, a little too quickly and couldn't help but to press her thighs tight together. She swallowed and handed him the bottle.

“Thank you, Hermione,” he said politely as he took it, turning it upside down. Water sloshed loudly in the container and he heard her whimper softly. There was a small number three on the bottom of the bottle, indicating how many times it had re-filled since he'd given it to her.

“Good girl, you drank like you were supposed to,” he said with a smile, handing it to her, “Now put it back, you're going to need it.” She glared at him as she snatched, going through the whole process of bending and putting the bottle away. There was a lot more trembling this time, he noticed happily, and when she stood again Hermione immediately started shifting foot to foot. She refused to look at him. Someone clearly needed to wee.

“You're dancing,” he observed. The shifting stop and she grit her teeth, “do you need a piss?”

“What do you think!?” she snapped, glaring indignantly at him.

“Well that's not very nice,” he said, raising an eyebrow, “And I was going to give you a reward for drinking your water like a good girl. Let's try again. Hermione, do you need a piss?”

He watched the struggle on her face, fear as he mildly suggested she was going to be punished. She was trembling and shifting her weight from foot to foot again. She looked like she was considering her options, blushing badly as she licked her lips and gave a curt nod.

“I'm sorry, didn't catch that,” Draco grinned.

“Yes! Yes, alright? I....I need to...”

“Go on.”

“I need to pee,” she said quietly, biting her lip and crossing her legs, trembling worse as though admitting it aloud made her need even more dire. Draco assumed it probably did. He watched silently as she whimpered, rocking back and forth with her legs crossed, then suddenly held herself. She looked over at him helplessly. God, it was like he'd fallen into a wet dream.

“Are you going to have an accident?” he asked her, keeping his voice even though it was a bit of a struggle. She nibbled her lip, her dance increasing.

“I'm going to if you don't let me go,” she whined softly, having to cross and re-cross her legs. He sighed softly.

“Well its a pity then,” he said, watching with glee as she looked at him with budding horror, “if you hadn't been so rude, I'd have let you go behind the tapestry. Now you're going to have to wait.”

“But...but Mal....Draco! I really....I really have to go bad!” she insisted, fear in her eyes. She crossed her legs tightly, clenching her hand between her thighs and pressing her fingers hard into her womanhood.

“Well you should have thought about that before you were rude, then,” he said with a shrug, “naughty servants need to learn their lessons.”

“I'm sorry!” she exclaimed, bouncing a little. Her other hand had joined her in holding, “Can...Can I make it up to you? There must be something....Please, I really need to wee....” He grinned.

“Well, there is something, now that you mention it,” he mused. He had her full attention, “I want you to show me your panties.” Her eyes bugged, face going bright scarlet.

“Now, before you tell me you refuse, keep in mind that I've seen your panties plenty of times,” he added. She licked her lips, considering her options. Have a completely accidental wetting in front of him, or show him her panties and be allowed her piss?

“Can I pee if I show you?” she asked with desperation in her voice.

“Maybe,” he smirked. She swallowed. Maybe was better than a no. She trembled, biting her lip as she straightened herself with a pained noise. She kneaded her skirt in her hands, thighs tight together as she pulled it up. They were sky blue color with a darker blue lace trim. Very cute.

“You can put your skirt down, I liked what I saw,” he said with a smile. She dropped, immediately holding herself again, “I think you deserve your reward.” Her head snapped up to him.

“I can pee?” she asked hopefully.

“No,” he said, hope draining from her face along with her color, “but you can take the edge off, right here, for ten seconds. How does that sound?” Her eyes were wide, cheeks very red. She tensed up tightly, clearing her throat.

“Are you going to watch?” she asked nervously.

“Of course,” he replied, she sighed and looked away, clearly not wanting to do it. She looked hopefully at the privacy the tapestry could provide.

“Its either this or you have to wait even longer,” he said with a shrug “the choice is yours.” Except that it wasn't, he grinned, she wouldn't last another five mintues without wetting herself. She took a shuddering breath and looked down at the floor.

“O-okay...” she agreed, starting to spread her legs.

“Wait,” he admonished gently, making her whimper and snap her legs back together. She was shaking with the effort of holding back her flood. Dangling partial relief just before her was having a great effect.

“Good, now lift up your skirt, go slowly,” he directed, pleased when her trembling hands complied, thighs rubbing together desperately as she pulled up the fabric.

“Spread your legs, but don't go yet,” he said. She whimpered, still for a moment.

“I...I might not be able to,” she mumbled out, “Its...its about to come out...”

“Hn. You have to pee very badly don't you?” he asked casually. She nodded quickly, looking at him with sheer need in her eyes. It was almost enough to undo him.

“Well, spread your legs and squat down. Don't pee until I say you can start,” he ordered, “If you do, you'll be punished. And you have to stop when I say, too, or else you'll be punished.”

He watched Hermione whimper softly, dancing desperately in front of him before slowly lowering into a squat, trembling as she slowly spread her legs. She moaned quietly, biting her lip against the noise, body shaking as she waited for him to give her permission. He only smiled.

“Draco! I...I...I can't....” she gasped, panting with the effort to hold herself back.

“Your ten seconds starts,” he said, Hermione moaning desperately during his pause, “now.”

She sighed in relief as her stream burst out the crotch of her underwear, soaking the light blue almost the same color as the darker lace. She relaxed her body, the stream strengthening as she went. Her eyes were closed and she slowly smiled in bliss as she released herself.

“Five seconds left,” he warned, having been counting in his head as he watched her. She whimpered, body tensing again. The stream slowed, but did not stop.

“Three seconds,” he said and again her stream slowed as she tensed more, squirming a little, “two seconds...Stop.” And she did, cutting off the stream just as he told her. He was impressed, and judging by her puddle she'd let out quite a lot.

“Very good,” he praised, “Stand back up.” No need to leave her in such a tempting position. She let out a slow, shuddering breath as she stood, crossing her legs and bouncing in place as the need to finish having a wee swept through her. He waited patiently while she composed herself.

“Feel a little better?” he asked her in a gentle tone. She nodded, brushing her hair behind her ear.

“Good,” he said, “drink another goblet of juice at lunch. We'll see if you can last through Care of Magical Creatures.”

She looked beside herself in shock.

“What?! I can't do that! I won't....I won't even make it through lunch if you make me drink anything else!” she exclaimed, fear in her eyes.

“I've seen you drink more than what you have and hold it all day long,” he said, “You'll be fine.”

She groaned, moving to clean her mess and pick up her bag. He chuckled as he watched her. This was going better than he'd thought it would. Maybe she enjoyed this a little herself?

“Are you going to let me pee after Care of Magical Creatures?” she asked, shifting her weight from foot to foot.

“If you're a very good girl, I might let you pee during,” he smirked, taking in the look of shock on her face before walking down the passage way. That couldn't have gone any better than it had. She was very compliant, probably too scared of his punishments to be disobedient. She didn't like to have accidents in front of anyone and she didn't like to use the toilets between classes. He could use that as a punishment and he was sure that's what she feared.

He headed down to the Great Hall, sitting with his friends so he faced the Gryffindor table. Hermione came in not too long after, taking her seat with her friends. She gave off no obvious signs she just had a ten second pee in her panties. Obvious meaning her stupid friends couldn't tell. Draco could though, watching her body movements. She rocked a little in her seat as she hesitantly pulled her goblet toward her. She glanced up, surprising Draco with a stare. He only smiled, giving her a slight nod. He watched her sigh and pick it up.

She drank the entire goblet down in a rush and set it back down. One of her friends noticed how thirsty she was and she laughed it off, pulling out a book to hide behind. Draco could see her though, one hand shoved tight between her legs. She crossed them, swaying them back and forth during lunch. He watched her very carefully for the next ten minutes, observing her quickly growing need to pee. She was squirming in her seat, once having to hold with both her hands. She shot him another desperate look, which he again only smiled at. If she made it through lunch without leaking, he'd let her pee during Care of Magical Creatures. Either that, he noted with her constant movements, she would pee during Care of Magical Creatures anyway and get a punishment.

By the time the bell rang again for class, she was a fidgety mess. Even her friends had asked her if anything was the matter, but she brushed them off. Draco and his group walked a few lengths behind the Gryffindorks down to the grounds. It proved difficult for Hermione to walk down the rocky hill with her over full bladder. She was trembling again, thighs pressed together by the time they got to Hagrid's hut. She shot him another look, eyes almost crazed with desperation. She had to pee now. And without his help, she was going to do it right there in front of the entire class. He nodded softly to her look, indicating she should pay attention to Hagrid.

The Blast Ended Skrewts were, oh so regrettably, ill at the moment. Many of the class rejoiced which made Hagrid look unhappy. He went on to say that today their lesson would be to collect several herbs from around the safer edges of the Forbidden Forest. He'd marked a boarder line and they were not to go past that. Draco caught Hermione's eye and nodded his head toward the left end of the forest. He knew she'd understood to follow and that she was clever enough to come up with some excuse to ditch her friends. He simply told his own that they needed to learn how to do their own work for once and left it at that. He walked a little ways into the woods, far away from any of the other students. He found the boarder line and waited there, leaning against a boulder.

It wasn't too long that he heard footsteps coming up the path he took and Hermione came into view. And what a view it was. She had her hand buried deep in her legs, shivering and stopping every few steps to bounce on her toes, mouth open in a silent moan. She had her wand in her hand, clearly having done a Point Me spell to find him.

“Over here,” he called to her and her eyes locked on him immediately. She was still, her eyes wide and he chuckled.

“Are you peeing already?” he teased her. She shook her head, holding herself tightly, “Come over here then.” She hurried toward him as fast as she could, bouncing as she danced in front of him. He smirked.

“My, my,” he teased again, “Someone has to go potty.” She whined.

“Its your fault,” she gasped, crossing her legs and bending at the waist, both hands deep in her skirt. She'd actually dropped her wand to the forest floor, Draco noticed with a raised eyebrow. She had to be about to wet right then if she was going to give up the one thing that could defend her in case Draco decided to attack her, or a wild beast jumped out of the forest, “I gotta...oh god oh god oh god...” She danced desperately, looking at him, eyes begging as a few streams of pee rolled down her legs. She was bursting right then.

“Did I say you could pee?” he asked, eyebrow raised as she leaked.

“N-no, but I....Ohhhh....” she moaned as more helplessly gushed out of her. Her skirt and her socks were getting wet as her urine splashed down her legs to the dirt at her feet. Draco was not amused.

“You keep that up, and you're going to get a punishment,” he scolded. She whimpered, but he noticed that the flooding came to a quick stop. She trembled, looking pleadingly up at him from where she was crouched, holding. Her skirt was dark where her hands were pressed against herself, skin wet from her accident. He sighed.

“You didn't mean to, I understand,” he said gently, “but you have to wait until I say you can go. Now you're in trouble.”

“I'm sorry!” she gasped, hips swaying as she continued to hold her flood, “I couldn't help it...it just started coming out...”

“You're right about to wet your panties, aren't you?” he asked, noting the way she was dancing and holding. She whimpered, tears in her eyes as she blushed heavily. She nodded.

“Do you want to wet your panties?” he asked her with a growing smirk. She whined, blushing worse and shutting her eyes as she danced even faster, bouncing her heels, “answer me.”

“Yes!” she gasped, then moaned like she was starting to relieve herself already.

“Yes what?” he pressed.

“I...I...I want to...I want to...”

“You want to what?”

“I want to wet...Aaaaaah! I'm gonna wet my panties!” she cried out, “Its coming out...” Her entire body relaxed and she closed her eyes.

“Don't you dare,” he growled menacingly, standing over her. She gasped, looking up at him in fear, muscles tensing right back up. She trembled, but didn't pee.

“Get your hands out of your crotch this instant,” he growled.

“But I--”

“Now!” he snapped and she squealed, moving her hands away. She swayed back and forth, dancing on the spot without her hands holding back the flood. He took her hands into his, shivering the slightest bit at noticing they were warm and wet with her urine. She shook badly, legs locked together, and shut her eyes.

“Look me in the eye,” he said, voice low but not as forceful as he'd been before. He noticed the rise in her blush as she slowly looked up at his face. Her chocolate colored orbs were wide and wet with tears, her expression hazy with her need to release her pee.

“Draco,” she whimpered, voice trembling as she was unable to break her eye contact with him, “Draco I really have to...”

“I know,” he said, gazing into her eyes, “you're not allowed to look away from me.”

“O-okay,” she whimpered, tears pooling in her eyes as she trembled badly. He knew exactly what was about to happen.

“Wet yourself,” he ordered, eyes locked with hers. His order came the second before her body did it on its own, there was no stopping the flood. It hissed out of her body loudly and she gasped, fear in her eyes, unable to break away from his face. He smiled and it was only then it occurred to her that he'd just given her permission to do exactly what she was doing.

“Ohhhhhhhhh.....” she moaned in relief, tilting her head back a little, eyes filling with pleasure and still locked on his. He went immediately hard. The hiss of her pee got, if possible, even louder as she fully gave into her need. It splashed down against the dirt, creating a muddy puddle beneath their feet. She went for ages, never once breaking eye contact until her pee slowed to a dribble and then stopped. She looked down then, panting and breathless. He had to catch his breath a little himself and let his gaze follow hers. She'd gushed an ocean between them, her socks and shoes and skirt soaking wet. His shoes were wet too, but he didn't mind. Far from it, in fact. He decided he rather liked touching her while she wet herself, he'd have to do it more often.

“Do you feel better?” he asked softly, letting go of her hands. She stepped away, licking her lips and wiping her wet hands on the side of her skirt. She looked completely mortified, eyes flicking from Draco's smirking face, down to her massive puddle, and then seemed to realize that Draco had been holding her pee soaked hands the entire time she pissed. She swallowed hard.

“Well?” he pressed, smirking as her shoulders sagged in defeat.

“Yes...” she said softly.

“Did you enjoy that?” he asked her, tilting his head curiously as she blushed so badly her ears matched her cheeks. She rubbed her thighs together slightly, which made him raise an eyebrow. Did she enjoy it that much?

“Yes...” she responded, even more quietly than the first time, but then she cleared her throat and held her head high, putting her hands on her hips. Standing there soaked from crotch to ankle, she didn't look particularly threatening, but Draco's hardened length pulsed in his pants, “But so did you. I can see...it. You got hard from watching.” His erection throbbed with her acknowledgment. He just shrugged.

“You probably want to rub one out too,” he said casually.

“Ugh! That is disgusting! I do not!” she shrilled, but the mortified look on her face told him otherwise and he laughed.

“Yeah right! You practically had an orgasm while you pissed, it was all over your face!”

“Shut your mouth, Malfoy, I did not!” she defended, which only made him laugh harder.

“You're such a pervert!” she spat at him, picking up her wand so she could clean herself. Again, she left her panties wet. She liked them that way, he concluded.

“Oh like you've never done it before,” he smirked, loving the completely humiliated, scathingly enraged look on her face. If looks could kill, he would be dead. Draco chuckled.

“Come on Granger, lets find those herbs for our poor sick creature friends,” he grinned. She scoffed and stormed away.

“Library tomorrow morning!” he called after her. She didn't respond, but he knew she heard him. He chuckled slightly and watched her go, unbuttoning his pants to deal with his own pressing matters before returning to class.

*016*2014-10-15 06:17

Thanks guys, glad you're all having as much fun reading it as I am writing it!

I should have chapter five up in the next couple of days, I update as I get days off from work :)

{{: 

Loving this story so far, any chance we can get some other girls like Ginny, Parvati and Lavender in on the action?

}}

There is a slight possibility that Pansy Parkinson might be involved, but we'll see where the story takes us

*022*2014-11-01 05:02

Sorry its been so long since an update guys! I've got it nearly finished and I should have it up soon! I work for Disney so holidays are kind of rush and crazy haha.

{{: 

One of my favorite stories so far. I love the detail, and the creative way you forced Hermione into the position of the servant, because she's a pretty dominant character.

}}

Thanks! I'm trying to write her so that her dominant nature is still very present. At this point in the story, she's a little wary of the situation and playing it safe. For now ;)

*024*2014-11-03 07:35

Sorry it took so long to get this updated! Chapter six won't be as long of a wait I promise! Thanks for everyone's comments and sticking with my story so far :)

Chapter Five: Punishment

For the next two weeks, Draco had either simply let her off the hook for the day, or made her hold until he felt like telling her she could use the loo. He had three reasons for this. One, Hermione seemed to relax quite a good deal around him. She called him by his first name easily without having to correct herself, and she was much more comfortable with telling him when (and more importantly how badly) she had to pee. Two, he was still going to punish her for leaking in the forest during their Care of Magical Creatures class. The sense of security Draco had led her into wasn't false per say, but he knew it would be far easier to give Hermione a punishment if she was willing to go along with it. Threatening her with humiliation would only get him so far, and she was lethal with a wand. Not to mention her punching was dangerously effective too. And three, he had plenty of time to come up with a punishment that fit her crime.

He smirked to himself as he waited for her in the unused classroom on the fourth floor, where they'd taken to meeting rather than the library. Less people and all. He was absentmindedly reading when he heard the door open. He smiled behind his book, having not put it down since he knew it was her. Today was going to be amazing, he could tell.

“Morning Draco,” she greeted as she sat down in the desk next to his.

“Morning,” he greeted, lowering the book and looking over at Hermione. She was very pretty, though he wasn't sure why the thought struck him so. He just liked the look of her being so comfortable around him, he supposed.

“So, what are we doing today?” she asked, the question now curious rather than apprehensive. His smile grew.

“Well, you might not like it very much,” he said calmly, giving her his full attention. Her body tensed subtly.

“Why?” she asked with pressing curiosity, but only a touch of tension. Good, very good.

“Do you remember our Care of Magical Creatures class two weeks ago?” he asked her, loving the faint heat rising in her cheeks.

“Yeah, I do,” she said, tone a little more humbled.

“Remind me of it will you?” he asked, having to contain a laugh at the way she rolled her eyes and scoffed.

“Don't you have your little Pocket Pensive? Remind yourself,” she said cheekily.

“Oh I did,” he grinned, “I have at least three or four times now. Still, I think wanking off live right after felt a lot better...”

“Merlin's boots you are disgusting!” she accused, blushing red and glaring at him, but not with as much contempt as he expected. He chuckled.

“Oh come on, don't be such a hard ass,” he said “humor me. Remind me what happened in the forest.”

Hermione clicked her tongue and crossed her arms, looking away from him. Draco could see she was still blushing.

“I don't like having to throw the word 'order' around,” he outright lied, “but I will.” Hermione gave an aggravated sigh and shot him a cool glare.

“I peed myself in the forbidden forest right in front of you,” she said, “on command, just like you asked me to. Happy?”

“Not entirely,” he smirked “You're missing a few key details. Like your leaking without permission. Do you remember when I told you you'd gotten yourself into trouble for that?” The look of surprise on her face made him only smirk wider.

“But you said you knew it was an accident...” she said slowly, looking both confused and a little afraid.

“Just because it was an accident doesn't mean you won't be punished for it. You pee when I tell you, ONLY when I tell you, or you get punished. I thought my rules were easy to follow?”

“Well maybe they might be if you didn't strain my bladder within an inch of its life!” she snapped at him.

“Why do you think I gave you a two week break?” he smirked. He watched her skin drain slowly of color.

“So what you're saying is....you're going to punish me today?” she asked.

“Uh huh,” he said calmly, watching her fidget.

“You're going to tell?” she asked softly, looking down at the desk sadly.

“What? No. That would be too easy and I still want to play the game,” he said, “you just need a little correcting.” Hermione sighed, though whether out of relief she was being spared or dread of the punishment, he couldn't tell.

“What's my punishment?” she asked him with a slight pout. He loved it.

“Firstly, you're going to be addressing me as Master today,” he said, leaning back in his chair with a smirk, “and today you're going to be wearing a special pair of panties I have for you.” She tilted her head curiously, though a disapproving frown was on her face. Clearly she didn't like where this was going but she wasn't so opposed to it that she was refusing. Just as he'd planned it. He reached into his bag and pulled out a pair of panties. They were silk, light lavender in color. He handed them over to her.

“Change into them,” he ordered.

“Right now?” she asked in shock. He nodded and Hermione blushed. Clearly revealing herself to him wasn't something she wanted to do, but she wasn't protesting. She took the panties from him, squirming nervously as she stood up. She lifted her skirt, showing her pink cotton panties before hooking her fingers into the sides and lowered them down shyly. Draco watched with a smile as he took in the sight of her. She was beautifully sculpted and hairless. He was tempted to run his fingers against her, but knew she would probably smack him silly, game or not, if he tried. Noticing his gaze, she quickly changed her panties and smoothed down her skirt.

“How do you like them?” he asked.

“They feel nice,” she muttered, looking away from him before adding a soft “Master.” He grinned.

“What do you say when someone gives you a gift?” he prompted.

“Thank you, Master,” she said quietly, blushing still.

“Good girl,” he said happily, “now...today your goal is to keep dry. I've spelled those to be impervious to any form of cleaning or drying spells and I'll be checking you before and after class. You will be drinking four goblets of juice at every meal, one water bottle before, during, and after class. Your water bottle will be laced with a special kind of diuretic potion I can activate with an incantation if you disobey me and you'll pee in front of everyone.”

“There's no such potion,” she accused.

“There is if I invented it,” he smirked “Why do you think I waited two weeks? I had research and testing to do.” Hermione's jaw dropped. Rumor had it that several Slytherin first years had all spontaneously wet themselves in History of Magic a few days ago and Draco smirked when she linked the two together.

“So, you have your rules,” he went on brightly as he handed her the water bottle, “do you need to tell me anything before we start?”

Hermione sighed and shook her head, simply taking the water bottle.

“Do I have to drink before breakfast?” she asked.

“Since you asked, yes,” he smirked, which made her groan, but she opened the bottle and started drinking. Once it had finished and refilled, she put it in her own bag.

“Oh by the way,” Draco said as he stood up to leave, “the potion is still a diuretic and will make you have to pee more often as a side effect. It only forcibly makes you go if I order it too, but you're still getting punished if you have an accident of your own. See you after class.”

Draco left, leaving Hermione looking mildly horrified in his wake. Still, if he knew her well enough, that girl would take it as a challenge and play accordingly. He went down to breakfast as nothing else had changed and sat down with his friends, chatting about how lame Potter was and complaining about homework as they ate. He noticed Hermione come in a little while later with her usual crowd of idiots. She gave him a bold look and sat down, immediately going for the pumpkin juice. He chuckled, pretending to laugh at something stupid Pansy said, but he was proud of his defiant little play thing in actuality. He watched her drink four goblets of juice, pull out a book, and then sip on her water bottle again for her pre-class drink. He grinned and finished up his breakfast.

They had different classes for that morning, which was a shame, but they had worked out a routine between classes to see each other if they needed to. Draco wandered past the library and spotted Hermione standing next to a suit of armor, jiggling her leg. She caught his eye and immediately headed into the library store room. Draco grinned and followed her, greeted by a most welcoming sight. She had her skirt shoved up with both hands pressed into her purple panties, whimpering as she crossed and re-crossed her legs.

“Oh dear,” he snickered, “something you want to tell me?”

“I need to wee...I really really really really need to...” she gasped softly, dancing desperately and moaning as she clutched herself hard.

“Sorry, didn't catch that,” Draco said, inspecting his finger nails, “You're not addressing me correctly.”

“Master,” she whined, leaning back against the wall, “I need to use the toilet....”

“How badly?” he asked with a calm curiosity. Hermione shot him a damn near lethal What do YOU think!? Sort of look, which he just chuckled at.

“Are you wet?” he asked when she didn't immediately answer him.

“No,” she said quickly, dancing from foot to foot again “but this is an emergency...I won't make it to my next class...”

“Seems like my potion has quite an effect on you,” he grinned “but you did have an extra bottle's worth and a lot of juice...”

“Dra—Master, please let me pee!” she gasped suddenly, interrupting his musing with a sudden increased dance, eyes wide with fear. Draco's stomach did a pleasurable flip at her words. He'd been dreaming about her saying that exact phrase for some time now.

“Oh my,” he drawled, walking toward her“you look scared...Did you just get your panties wet?”

“No,” she said, pressing back against the wall and crossing her legs, hands still pressed hard against herself.

“I don't believe you,” he said with a sinister smile, “move your hands, I'm going to check.”

“I really didn't!” she insisted, “I swear I didn't!”

“Now I really don't believe you,” he said, moving right beside her with his hand against the wall by her head, “Move your hands and spread your legs.”

“But I...”

“Now,” he said in a low, cold tone that made Hermione visibly shiver. Slowly, she moved her hands away with a soft whine. It took her a moment, but she spread her legs too as he asked. For a long moment, he did nothing and Hermione's breathing was starting to get harder and irregular, body shaking from the effort of holding without help.

“Lift your skirt up for me,” he said.

“Please...please let me pee....I can't hold it much longer...” she begged breathlessly.

“Your skirt. Now.” he ordered, making her groan softly but she lifted the fabric with trembling fingers. He slipped his hand between her thighs, gently stroking the crotch of her silky panties with his fingers. She gasped in surprise and suddenly pressed herself into his hand, dropping her skirt and clinging to the next nearest thing—him. Her body trembled and Draco waited for a rush of wet heat at his fingers.

“S-sorry...” Hermione stammered, fingers curled into his robes and face buried against his shoulder, “I almost let it out...”

“You're still dry,” he murmured softly. He noted her whimper and the way she pressed harder into his hand. He guessed she wouldn't be dry for long.

“Let go of me,” he ordered, “and stand up straight. I'm going to let you leak a little but you can't get your panties wet.”

“O-okay,” Hermione whimpered softly, shaking as she pulled away from him. She danced in place again as she quickly slipped her panties down and off. Draco picked them up off the floor while Hermione danced, waiting impatiently for his go ahead.

“I'll tell you when you can stop,” he said thoughtfully, “but I'm not going to tell you how long I'll let you have. I suggest not letting go completely because if you can't stop you're going to be in trouble.”

She nodded, red in the face and shivering from desperation.

“Please...Master...I...” she whimpered out, knees shaking.

“You can start,” he said, loving the way she choked on a gasp as torrent of liquid burst through her fingers. She pulled her skirt up so it wouldn't get wet and relaxed a little bit.

“Aaaahhh...” she sighed happily as she let her stream sprinkle against the stone at her feet. It wasn't a full stream, but Draco loved the view he was getting.

“Five second warning,” he called after fifteen seconds, making her groan. The stream stopped and then spurted a few times, Hermione dancing and crossing her legs as her pee continued to flow down her skin.

“Three seconds,” he grinned, watching her whine as she put her hand against her leaking hole, bare bottom trembling as she struggled to stop.

“No more,” he said sternly, “Stop peeing.”

Hermione danced a great deal more, but nothing else leaked out. It took a few moments of even breathing with her hands between her thighs before she was able to stand straight and lower her skirt. Draco wordlessly handed her back her panties and she slipped them on.

“Feel a little better?” Draco asked with a smile. She nodded, smoothing out her slightly damp skirt.

“Thank you for letting me go,” she said softly, “Master...”

“Keep being a good girl and I'll let you leak a little again,” he promised “Drink your water.”

She nodded and cleaned up her little puddle before they parted ways again. She didn't meet him after their second class, and after the third one was lunch. He could tell she was absolutely bursting. Her hand was shaking as she drank her goblets of juice. She was openly dancing at her seat and Draco heard her claim that she accidentally stepped on a jitterbug pod near the potions lab. Weasley teased her about looking like she was doing a wee-dance and she smacked him with a book. Maybe the idiot ginger was more perceptive than Draco first thought. Watching her dance in her seat through lunch was a treat, but she caught his eye and gave him a pleading stare half way through. He nodded and she made some excuse to her friends to leave, squirming the entire way out of the Great Hall. He followed not long after, finding her in one of the secret passages behind a large statue not too far away from the Hall.

“You're pushing it a little aren't you?” Draco said as he came in, finding her dancing, “you must be really dying for a wee.” Hermione nodded furiously, rubbing herself between the legs as she squirmed. Draco swallowed hard.

“Sorry, didn't hear you,” he said.

“Yes M-Master I...I'm nearly...Can I go now?” Hermione groaned desperately as she fought to hold on.

“I have to make sure you're dry first,” Draco said as he came forward, “Hold still....”

“I can't I'm gonna wet myself...” Hermione whined piteously.

“No you won't,” Draco said sternly, “not unless you want to humiliate yourself.”

Hermione gave him a look he couldn't make out. She either hated him completely or was so desperate she didn't care how she relieved her bladder at this point. He smirked.

“Do you have to pee so bad you'd do it in front of everyone?” he asked.

“Shut up!” she bit, groaning as both hands went between her legs. Knees trembling, she lost the will to stand and sunk to the floor.

“Oh no...oh no oh no oh please...” she gasped, looking up at him now with a desperate sort of hope.

“You know, if you don't mind your manners, I won't let you pee,” he drawled, seeing how near to a full wet she was.

“I'm sorry,” she groaned, going up on her knees a little as she held herself “I'll do whatever you want, I just want to have a wee...oooh I want to wee so badly...”

“Are your panties wet?” he asked her. She shook her head.

“Nearly...” she said softly.

“If you take them off and give them to me, I'll let you have another little pee,” he said. She was suddenly all movement, yanking her panties off over her shoes and tossing them to Draco all the while remaining kneeling on the floor. He took his time inspecting her panties while she whimpered, rocking desperately.

“They're dry,” said, glancing over at Hermione, who was blushing red and looking at the stone floor.

“Draco?” she mumbled softly, peeking up at him through her curl of brown hair. Her eyes were a little fearful and she shivered.

“What's the matter?” he asked with a frown, having not seen that expression on her face before.

“I just...I just wet on the floor a little...” she admitted softly, lifting her skirt. She had a small puddle between her legs where she was kneeling. Draco lifted an eyebrow as she hung her head.

“I was trying to wait until you said, I swear...But it just...I couldn't...and I really have to wee and it hurts...Please don't make me wet in front of everyone...”

Guilt, a nearly foreign emotion to him, twisted in his stomach. She was in pain? Had he given her too much of the potion in the bottle? Why hadn't she said something sooner?

“Hermione, go pee,” he ordered. She looked surprised, but it faded with a moan of relief as her body relaxed. He looked away for the first time, letting her flood the stone in privacy. He'd been about to let her go on the floor anyway, surely she knew that. She was smart. If she'd stayed covering herself with her skirt, he'd have never known she had a little accident. Yet she was honest with him, and playing his game to his rules perfectly. Too perfectly.

“Are you done?” Draco asked, noting that the hissing of her urine had stopped.

“Yeah...” she sighed from behind him, sounding a little dazed. He turned around and had he'd been less guilty, he would have been turned on by the giant puddle she was sitting in. She'd practically created her own lake. No wonder she was in pain. He sighed and offered her a hand up, which she took in bewilderment, trembling from her release. He flicked his wand, cleaning her up himself rather than having her do it and gave her panties back to her.

“You're being...nice,” Hermione said, but sounding a little wary.

“Sorry for hurting you,” he said, which made her shock even more pronounced, “Look, don't get the wrong idea. I don't care about you. But you're basically my new favorite toy and I don't want you breaking. So...I won't make you hold it till it hurts anymore.”

“Does this mean you're not going to make me have an accident in public?” she asked.

“I punished you too much,” he sighed, running his hand through his hair, “so we won't play for a couple days....but when we do, you'll make the rules for how you wet. I just get to watch.”

“Alright,” Hermione said after a moment of consideration. He at least expected a lecture, “how about we play on Saturday? We'll meet in Hogsmade.” It was Draco's turn to looked shocked.

“You want to wet in Hogsmade?” he asked doubtfully. Hermione blushed a little and locked a strand of hair behind her ear.

“Well if I get to make up my own rules for the day...”

“If I didn't know any better, Hermione, I'd say you liked this game,” he smiled.

“Shut up, I do not!” she defended, but her blush worsened. Draco laughed at her expression, finding her defiant blushing cute.

“See you on Saturday,” he grinned before leaving her alone in the hidden passage way.
