Eric, Tris, and a jail cell

Author: Little Widow

*000*2015-05-20 23:06

(AN: corny title. Let's just roll with it ok? For the lovely Harley Quinn.)

Eric was disgusted with his failure. He was even more disgusted with the fact that Jeanine had promised a fail-proof plan. But then those God damn divergent a had to go in and fuck that up. He cringed and jammed his hands into his crotch and squirms to try and control himself.

Oh yeah, and the fact that he had to piss like a racehorse didn't help anything either. Seriously, he's a notorious villan and the whole booking/processing thing couldn't move any faster?! He lets out a sigh. Well, might as well get comfy. He leans against the wall (he was smart enough to take the chair in the corner) and pulls his knees up to his chest so no one can see him holding himself like a two-year-old. Finally, after what he thinks is forever, and on the verge of losing it,Tris comes in.

"Let's go douchepants, I'm gonna be escorting you to your lovely cell," she explains. (AN: yes I was totally referencing TFIOS there. :P) He nods, slowly moving and standing. It's next to impossible to move his hands from his crotch, and he loses a few spurts in the process.

"C-could you maybe handcuff me in the front?" He begs, blushing Scarlet.

Tris blinks, surprised at him actually being brazen enough to make a request, but when she looks down a little she sees the beginnings of his accident. She nods silently, moving to do so. She was still abnegation somewhere in her.

He whimpers, trying to get his hands into his crotch. He just has to make it to his cell, right?

"Your trial is tomorrow," Tris explains. "Your meals will be brought to you and-"

His body cried surrender in the middle of that. How many hours had he been waiting? Six? EIGHT? His cheeks flushed red and he whimpered, his triple-pierced lip quivering before he bit it. As if he hadn't been humiliated enough, now even his own body had turned against him. It spewed and hissed as his bladder emptied, little trails running down his legs while a large stream soaked his jeans and socks, leaving his shoes squeaky and squishy, the puddle quickly expanding out from him.

As he finished, he looked down and groaned at the huge mess underneath him. He also noticed Tris had stopped pushing him and stopped talking as well. He looked up at the girl, who's nipples were pert through her shirt (she hadn't been wearing a bra he now realized). "Are you seriously that turned on by my misery?!" He snapped.

Her senses came back to her and her cheeks turned slightly rosey. "N-no! Why the hell would I find it incredibly hot you just w-wet your pants like a... A... Oh fuck it Eric and get in the damn cell!" She snapped. Eric shrugged and waltzed in. Tris slammed the gate shut and locked it. Eric then held out his hands for her to unlock the cuffs. He then noticed her hands were shaking.

"Hah, this is precious. The stiff has a secret kink!" He jabbed.

She glared up at him, pulling him close so that her cool breath brushed his skin. "I'll have you know that using the bathroom tends to be frowned upon in abnegation as it puts your body above other people's," she snapped. "So yes, holding was a thing. And yes some of us got turned on by it. And no, I am NOT one of them!" She took the cuffs off of him and headed back to Tobias. She may have lied. Dauntless had told her weird and sex was MORE than okay; it was ENCOURAGED. Which was why she and Tobias had bonded so well: they both loved omorashi. She giggled when she saw him dancing in place, hands buried in his crotch. "Want me to fix that?" She asked.

(AN: blehhhh I feel like I just copied yours, so if you don't like it that's okay, I've been playing a few other ideas too. Just lemme know what you think.)

