Just a parallel-fantasy world..

Author: Asuna.bed.wet

*001*2020-06-14 15:36

Chapter one: [The kidnapping demons]

Contains: wetting, farting, fear wetting, and light messing.

Lily and Tarasha were not the only ones who were in the dungeon that day, unfortunately, the daughter of the Marquis Ravenkind had been kidnapped and dragged to the entrance to the dungeon near the city of alabaster.

It was publicly reported that the perpetrators of the kidnapping were the bandits, but in reality, it was a major demon who did it.

Four people entered the labyrinth to save the Marquis' daughter before the demon uses her as an intermediary from the soul and special blood to resurrect something that should never rise again, that is, the master of the major demon, a Demon Lord...

The group of the 4 individuals was on floor number 63, moving at high speed, but they were not running, indeed they did not touch the ground but they floated and had spheres of light that flew around them and illuminated their path.

(Methith Farrowstar): Can't we take a break? Or at least slowdown? I can no longer move at this speed!

The girl who spoke was Methith, she was one of the most famous court wizards, she was level 51 specialized in wind magic and space magic, she was 23 years old and her appearance was very simple, she had brown hair and wore glasses, she wore a long gray dress that matched her silvery eyes, in her hand she held a stick with a crystal ball on the tip and with small gems on the edges.

She had used the spell [Fly] on the whole group and it was difficult to pass easily in the narrow corridors.

The real reason why she wanted to stop was that she had to empty her bladder, she didn't go to the bathroom this morning because of the haste to leave and the consequences were making themselves felt.

(Bradford Stoneland): We cannot, also because we are already late, if we stop we will never arrive on time.

Bradford was the leader of this improvised group, he was a powerful level 66 spearer famous as a hero throughout the city of alabaster, besides being the son of a count, he was a former adventurer, he was now 45 years old, he was tall and robust he had eyes and black hair, with a hint of gray for his age and had some scars on his face that gave him a veteran air.

The Marquis had ordered him to kill the greater demon together with the others and if this were not possible to do everything to kill his daughter to prevent the sacrifice being made, he had asked himself if he had to tell the others but decided not to do it above all because an additional person had been added.

(Kasrildrel Valulrehr): Yeah, because of a certain person who insisted on coming with us by force despite not being able to survive even a Lightning spider.

Kasrildrel was a level 62 magical swordswoman, she was a 26-year-old young woman with a sexy body because of the prominent curves that the armor was hard to hide, she had short blond hair, two big golden eyes, and perfect teeth.

She was a mercenary and because of her difficult past she always thought only of herself and she always found it difficult to collaborate with others, this time she made an exception because of the huge compensation that had been offered to her that is a thousand gold coins and in advance and a thousand more if successful.

She was angry because of the ballast due to the fourth member of the expedition who had followed them on horseback and who had not noticed until the entrance of the dungeon and therefore had to bring it with them by force.

(Kasrildrel): If you're not going to apologize, could you at least talk? You haven't said anything since we entered the dungeon ...

(Bradford): Kasrildrel! That's enough! It is an hour that you continue to haunt her, if you do not stop I will have to tell the marquis once they are back!

"certainly my captain," said Kasrildrel in a sarcastic tone and then closed with "sorry if I manage my life and a thousand gold coins because of a spoiled girl!"

The spoiled girl Kasrildrel was referring to was Ileah, the older sister of the kidnapped daughter of the Marquis Trustmogs, level 21 novice sorceress, she was very similar to her sister, medium in height, purple eyes and hair and a fairly prosperous breast, she was 19 years old and she was still a student at the graduate academy for advanced magic.

He felt deeply guilty because in recent times he had treated his sister badly and now he could not bear the idea that he could die before having apologized.

She had woken up at dawn and had just heard of the kidnapping by a maid and ran out again in her nightdress, managed to take a horse from the stable and followed the group that would have saved her sister without showing up until she was removed from the city and therefore by force of things she should have stayed with them, she only wanted to give help and did not want to tell her father that she would surely disapprove.

When he saw some monsters in the dungeon he almost regretted his decision but in the end, his will to save his sister prevailed.

Ileah did not understand that his sister had been kidnapped by demons and was wondering why bandits should enter the dungeon instead of hiding in the capital and requesting a ransom, moreover ...

~ psssssssssh ~

A hissing sound followed by a splashing could be heard echoing in the tunnel causing everyone to turn towards the origin of the sound.

"Why didn't we put this spoiled girl on a diaper?" Kasrildrel said in a mocking tone.

(Bradford): Enough Kasrildrel! Okay, Methith let's take a break, give Miss Ileah a dry dress and recover the mana with the potions, when you're done we leave. Try to hurry.

Methith's need, after hearing the sound and especially after seeing the enormous humidity that had yellowed Ileah's fine white evening nightgown, had increased tenfold and started to leak until she could stop by deactivating the magic [Fly], putting down his magic stick and putting his hand between his legs trying to be as discreet as possible.

"Okay, I'll dry the young lady and if possible I wish I could get away for a few seconds ..." Methith said as she rubbed her thighs between them.

(Ileah): I don't need to be cleaned up, there's no need to take unnecessary breaks! Let's go to my sister!

Ileah had to pee from before entering the dungeon, in the end, she had voluntarily surrendered to the inevitable, had relaxed her bladder and wet her panties and nightgown, she didn't care, she would have felt too guilty if she had further slowed the group down while her sister's life was in danger, she had also ignored the slight scratches she had gotten by not managing the flight spell that had been cast well.

(Kasrildrel): oh, the incontinence baby is no longer deaf?

(Bradford): Lady Ileah, standing at a low dungeon floor is dangerous even with perfect preparation and in a good way, but in the nightgown, which is wet is insane!

"If you didn't want to slow us down you had to say you needed to pee ..." Methith stopped talking for a moment and moved her legs slightly "Now come with me, it would also be good to wear light armor, Kas, we will go behind those rocks, please stand guard. "

(Kasrildrel): okay, but before you didn't say you didn't have clothes suitable for the dungeon in your magic bag?

Methith who had grabbed the Ileah's hand and was almost running behind the rocks stopped as if paralyzed, had completely forgotten the speech we had made before entering and had used the excuse of changing clothes to justify the time it would take to relieve herself.

(Bradford): How come you only now say you have extra light armor?

(Methith'mind '): it makes no sense to lie if I don't hurry I'm wet myself.

(Methith): sorry, I said I have nothing because I have not checked and I was sure I emptied the magic bag to make room for potions and scrolls useful for the dungeon, only now I have checked when I put my stick down ... sorry!

Methith said the first excuse that came to her mind, she had actually kept quiet about the dress issue because that was the spare dress she would wear on her triumphant return to town as she was sure that what she was wearing would be ruined by sure, of course, Methith knew that it was a selfish thought and that it would put Ileah's life at risk but in addition to feeling confident of her ability to defend her she could not risk returning to the city with a torn dress or in which she had had an accident, she had a reputation to defend.

(Bradford): Methith is all right, he also helps Lady Ileah to clean himself up and give him that armor.

"Thanks for your understanding," said Methith, unfortunately, however, when he thought he could finally empty his bladder: "Guys, we have visits!" Kasrildrel said in a slightly happy tone.

(Bradford): what is it?

(Kasrildrel): Troll.

(Bradford): How many are there?

(Kasrildrel): a dozen.

(Bradford): where do they come from?

(Kasrildrel): from behind us, they are about a hundred meters away!

(Bradford): Methith, give Lady Ileah light armor and keep us giving magical support!

Methith knew that he could not pee now but he absolutely could not finish the fight with a dry skirt and now he could no longer use the spare dress.

(Methith): I really...

(Kasrildrel): I know very well that you wanted to lighten yourself behind the rocks, my dear, there is no need to deny or pretend to be silent, after all, you have been hopping since we stopped and I am also sure that your panties are probably already wet!

After the accusation of Kasrildrel Methith she felt like a small shock that made her shiver slightly but enough to make her lose a jet of urine that warmed her pussy if before she considered herself still dry now she certainly had wet panties, she didn't he waited neither for his need to be so obvious nor for Kasrildrel to point it out to him in front of the others.

(Methith'mind '): That grin! He's having fun humiliating me like this! That shock! It was her!

(Bradford): girls, leave these bickering for when we get out of the dungeon, now get in training!

(Kasrildrel): immediately leader.

(Methith): take Ileah, you will be safe here, change calmly, we will protect you!

Thanks to the humiliation that Kasrildrel had given her, Methith had found the motivation to postpone her relief for a little while trying to kill the trolls quickly without having a complete accident.

Then he gave his light armor to Ileah which consisted of a chainmail jacket, black leather ankle boots, and a short white skirt.

Ileah replied with a "thank you" and stood behind rocks in an inlet on the wall.

The trolls had probably followed the group for some time but had never been able to reach it due to the speed of the magic of the flight and their size which slowed them down in the tunnels, but now they had reached them, they were about fifty meters away and they were visible at the end of the corridor before a corner.

(Bradford): they are simple cave trolls, pay attention to their fast regeneration and resistance to magic, and do not get caught, they will crush you easily.

Methith replied with an "ok" and shivered slightly at the thought of being caught.

(Kasrildrel): Bradford perfectly knows how to fight a troll!

After saying that Kasrildrel drew a sword from the serrated blade on one side and sprang forward, probably used a skill that made her arrive in front of the troll in a second and after a jump that allowed her to reach the height of the troll she put the sword in the throat so that it can more easily penetrate the thick skin of the monster which after a cry of pain fell to the ground.

(Kasrildrel): What are you doing down there impaled, come and help me!

(Bradford): Methith, what is their level?

"The one that Kas killed was at level 31, the others are more or less similar," Methith said before crossing her legs due to a sudden spasm

(Bradford): okay, keep your mana, if you don't have magical support against such weak monsters, however, stay alert, I'm going to help Kasrildrel.

(Methith'mind '): if you didn't need it you could make me pee ...

Bradford pulled out a long, large-diameter spear, came in front of the trolls in an even more swift movement than Kasrildrel, and cut two at the same time.

"Easy," said Bradford before skewering a third and piercing it and spattering blood on Kasrildrel's face who was fighting five together.

(Kasrildrel): hey what the fuck are you doing!

Kasrildrel lost a moment to wipe his face with his left hand and the trolls took advantage of it to try to immobilize her.

(Bradford): Watch out!

Bradford who saw the figure of Kasrildrel disappear in the center of five trolls panicked and almost risked being hit in the back.

(Kasrildrel): I'm here, rather be careful of yourself!

(Bradford): how is it possible?!?

Bradford turned his head and saw a sword blocking the troll's arm in one palm from him, then he returned to himself, and together with Kasrildrel he slowly killed all the remaining trolls.

In the meantime, Ileah had taken off her nightgown and stood behind the rocks with only her bra and stained panties on.

(Ileah'mind ') unfortunately, miss Methith didn't give me clean panties ... I'll make a reason for it ...

Ileah wasted no time, wiped her nightgown as best she could and threw it behind a boulder, then took the clothes that had been given to her and put them on quickly feeling uncomfortable being half-naked while listening to the growl of the trolls that came killed by Kasrildrel and Bradford.

Methith instead was now absolutely desperate, she could not take her hands from between her legs.

"The leader told me I wasn't needed and Kasrildrel is incredibly good at killing trolls, it doesn't make sense to have an accident that I can avoid," thought Methith after another hot pee leak that completely drenched her panties, divided into two streams that made her feel a sensation of light humidity against the palms of her hands before dribbling down her thighs.

Always limping with the tips of the pushed fingers of the urethra Methith reaches Ileah who was tying her skirt.

(Ileah): Miss Methith, are you all right?

(Methith): please turn around and don't look!

~ pssssssssh ~

With a quick movement Methith who was already peeing, she crouched down, lifted her dress so as not to wet it further and with her eyes closed and a tear that furrowed her cheek began to piss forcefully through her panties, and the initial hiss slowly turned into a splashing.

Ileah had his gaze fixed on the figure of the famous sorceress who emptied her bladder in front of her, she immediately noticed both the wet patch on her clothes and that she was urinating with her panties still on, which made her feel good, both because she was not the only one to have had an accident either because she has always loved spying on the maids of her building while peeing hoping to find some damp spots on uniforms or on their knickers.

"Lady Ileah! Why are you looking at me ... it's embarrassing ..." Methith said after realizing that Ileah had turned away.

"Sorry! Forgive me ..." Ileah replied blushing and looking away, he would have kept the image forever in his mind.

Just before Methith could finish emptying her bladder, a troll that had made a different turn than the others came out from behind a boulder and rushed to the poor sorceress with a ferocious snarl.

Methith thought, "What the fuck! Today is absolutely not my lucky day ..." and while he was still peeing he stood up feeling the warmth running down her legs, took her magic stick again, and moved quickly with the magic of flight.

The troll then decided to pounce on Ileah.

(Ileah): ■■ [Air cutter]

Ileah tried to defend himself but [Air cutter] couldn't even scratch the hard skin of the troll.

(Methith): ■■■■ [Void bubble]

Methith managed to use a high-level spell in time that imprisoned the troll in a vacuum chamber where he would have been blocked before he died of lack of oxygen.

When she returned to the ground Methith immediately felt embraced, thought she was a troll but then realized that it was only Ileah.

(Ileah): thanks Methith, you saved me ... and thanks also for the clothes ...

(Methith): no big deal ...

"Even if those clothes would have been useful to me now ..." he thought, looking at the extent of his accident, it was soup, especially his panties and shoes.

He dried himself as much as possible with a base spell of the magic of the wind but stain and smell remained indelible on his gray suit.

The troll meanwhile continued to hit the bubble unnecessarily until it died.

(Bradford): I see that a troll managed to get to you, how are you?

(Methith): everything is fine, also thanks to lady Ileah who distracted him for the short time necessary to let me cast the spell.

"All right? Judging by that spot you wouldn't say," Kasrildrel said grinning and then adding "it seems that our powerful sorceress has bathed in fear in the face of a weak troll".

Methith said nothing, his cheeks turned red and his face warm, he didn't want to explain how things really went and even Ileah didn't seem to want to add anything else.

(Bradford): I'm glad we're all okay, Kasrildrel, forgive me first, I made you risk getting caught.

(Kasrildrel): it doesn't matter, you will forgive yourself by offering me a drink, now let's go, I would not want the Marquis' daughter to be killed while we waste time.

(Ileah): Kasrildrel ... I misjudged you, from the speeches you made I thought you were a bad person, instead you worry about my sister!

(Kasrildrel): I consider myself a person neither good nor bad, however, I am only interested in the reward.

(Bradford): Methith, use the spell [fly] on all of us.

(Methith): ■■■ [Fly]

But after casting the spell she realized that she had forgotten to refill the mana and not wanting to show that she had forgotten such an important thing she was silent.

The group continued to follow the demonic trail and quickly reached floor 56 after killing a few centipede monsters.

(Methith): the demon is very close, for safety I would like to recharge the mana another time ...

(Kasrildrel): You didn't drink any potions before, did you? What is it you just forgot or have you not drunk for fear of wetting yourself again?

(Methith): I just forgot! I'm not a baby!

(Kasrildrel): only a little girl would forget such an important thing!

(Bradford): enough! You cannot talk about such matters!

The two replied both with "ok leader" but Methith felt humiliated, she was used to being respected whatever she did and no one except the archmage had ever made fun of her because of her noble origins, for this reason now as far as not it was the right time and as childish as she might be she wanted to take revenge, drank more potions until her mana was completely restored and then when she saw Kasrildrel distracted talking to Bradford she decided to make a little joke.

Methith was specialized in wind magic and space magic, she wanted to make her wet as it had happened to her but she could not sing spells and make it evident, so she decided to do something different but in her opinion still embarrassing, she concentrated and forced in the bowels of Kasrildrel a large quantity of air.

~ grrrrrrowl ~

A gurgling sound could be heard, followed by another and then by yet another.

(Bradford): is Kas all right?

(Methith): all right?

(Kasrildrel): all right, I don't know why but I'm a little gassy ...

(Kasrildrel'mind '): what happens suddenly ??? I feel like bursting!

(Methith'mind '): You admitted it ... don't you embarrass yourself at all? How is it possible? Did she say she was a little gassy? I thought I had inflated her bowels enough ... maybe ... I should continue!

Methith was not demoralized, he wanted to see Kasrildrel in desperation, holding himself back with all his strength, he filled Kasrildrel's bowels until he felt that the air was entering almost with difficulty, but in addition to monstrous gurglings and a huge visible swelling through armor, Methith did not see or hear anything else.

Methith thought, "How can he hold all that gas?" But immediately afterward Kasrildrel said, "Sorry but I can't resist anymore!"

~ frrraaat ~

~ pppbbllrrrrt ~

And he let go of many fartings with different sounds, obviously odorless since it was only air.

(Bradford): wow, I wasn't expecting it ... how do you feel now?

(Kasrildrel): much better thanks for your interest and sorry again! Oh, I hear another one coming!

~ plorsfbshb ~

But it was not like the others and Kasrildrel noticed it too late.

"Oops! I need to change my panties ..." she said with a slight blush on her face but nonchalantly anyway and then added: "I don't know what happened to me but now I'm much better!

"but this woman doesn't have a bit of modesty? ... or pride? ... or at least embarrassment to say certain things ?! However, I'm happy because unlike the gas that got your pants dirty it's not my fault, so she has had an accident because of him! " Methith thought as a grin appeared on her face and with her eyes, she tried to see traces of the accident, obviously not visible also because of the thick leggings.

Ileah was also feeling better, she had misjudged Kasrildrel and considered her a normal person and now she had evidence that she was not even a hero but a person like the others who had accidents at times, moreover the thought of the state of her panties after that wet fart.

(Bradford): okay, let's go on now, the enemy is close, keep your eyes wide open, and whatever happens, let's not separate!

The group continued along floor 56 until they reached a huge dark room with a length such as not to show the bottom.

(Methith): the traces disappear in the center of this room ...

(Bradford): we cannot go into such a large space without visibility!

"don't worry, I'll take care of it!" Kasrildrel said before casting the high-level spell [Extended sunlight] which slowly lit up the huge space that if the magic didn't exist it would be ridiculous to imagine that it would not collapse without supports, in the center of the room there was a purple column and around it 6 figures with a long gray tunic, they were difficult to see well in the distance but in the center of them just at the foot of the column there were 3 girls, one of them had long purple hair and the other two had a long she is a priestess.

(Ileah): that's my sister!

(Demon servant 1): It seems that guests have arrived ...

(Demon servant 2): I see them, let's kill them before the master arrives!

The six people in tunic began singing various attack spells, but none of them succeeded, Kasrildrel with a lightning movement shortened the distance and cut off the head of all six wizards.

(Kasrildrel'mind '): luckily they were weak!

"Great job!" Said Bradford, who had meanwhile arrived flying together with Methith and Ileah.

The group gathered around Ileah's sister and the other two girls.

(Ileah): sister! Wake up! Please wake up!

(Methith): Her mana is corrupt, she seems to have been exposed to a good quality of miasma ... however, she seems to be fine!

(Kasrildrel): excellent, we must hurry to escape before something big arrives!

(Bradford): not so fast, the orders are to kill the demon, not to run away!

(Kasrildrel): Do you think I don't know? But fighting here isn't a wise choice, isn't it better to face it on the surface? So sure he will follow us!

(Bradford): not so sure, there are other people he can use as a sacrifice, such as Lady Ileah herself.

(Methith): it seems to be one more reason to go to the choice.

(Kasrildrel): it's too late now, something comes, they're human!

(Bradford): they all have that tunic, they are enemies!

(Methith): on average they are level 15 but they are quite a lot ...

(Kasrildrel): I'll take care of it, save your strength to face the demons.

Kasrildrel unlike his usual fighting style did not shorten the distance but began to walk slowly towards the group of 40 people in tunic, meanwhile, among the 40 individuals most were wizards and they started to launch basic attack spells like [Fire shot] and [Magic arrow ] and also some mid-level spells such as [Fear wawe] and [Electric beam], Kasrildrel did not dodge any attacks but was hit in full by all the attacks, his high resistance to magic allowed him to withstand most of the attacks without suffering extensive damage, except for some attacks such as Electric beam which in addition to causing significant damage combined with Fear wave makes it leak a lot in her panties.

(Methith): what are you doing! Dodge!

(Bradford): He's got the situation under control, don't worry.

(Kasrildrel) ■■■■ [Over boost: Area life consumption]

Kasrildrel used a spell to empty the life of all the demon's servants at the same time to recover lost health and knock out all with one blow, initially it seemed to work, most of the people in tunic fell to the ground and the others failed to do nothing, but suddenly a black fog seemed to form in the room and the light generated before by Kasrildrel seemed to fade slowly replaced by a purple light coming from the crystal column, and from the crystal itself 2 figures emerged, a woman with a black bikini, it seemed completely out of place until you saw on his head two small red horns protruding from raven hair and a muscular shirtless man always with two horns on his head, only bigger.

(Demon woman): I see you are having fun trying to save our lord's sacrifices!

The demon man said, "Magrana, don't take those humans lightly!"

(Kasrildrel'mind ') these two seem dangerous ...

(Bradford): Methith, protect Ileah and the other girls, I'm going to help Kasrildrel!

But before he left he quietly told Methith not to let the demons see Ileah's hair.

Then Bradford reached Kasrildrel and stood in a position ready to strike with his spear.

(Demon man): they don't run away with sacrifices, interesting!

(Demon woman): why don't we imprison them and use them as nourishment for our master?

(Demon man): I agree, you keep them still and good and I will imprison them in a subspace!

"Okay," said the demon woman before turning her arm into a long blade and sprinting against Bradford who stood at the last moment with the spear.

(Bradford): not bad, but!

With a move to the right, Bradford managed to shake off the demon and with a lunge, he pierced her left leg with the spear causing the demon to cry out in pain, but something happened that he never expected.

"What's going on? Can't you pull the spear out? It's a shame," the woman said with a laugh before kicking Bradford off.

Kasrildrel was speechless, a sturdy, high-level man like Bradford couldn't have been kicked so easily.

(Methith): how is it possible? Because?!

(Ileah): What's going on?

(Methith): did you see you too ?! That shot was overwhelmingly strong, yet that demon's level is low ... level 55 ... how is it that with eleven levels of detachment it could be so much higher !?

(Demon man): you got hit, I told you to be careful!

(Demon woman): the wound is gone so it's okay!

"Bradford! Can you move?" Kasrildrel said that she had run to where Bradford had landed.

(Bradford): I think so, I have some broken ribs but with a potion, I will be fine, however, I don't have a weapon ...

The spear was gone, it was nowhere to be seen.

(Kasrildrel): How are you doing with the sword?

(Bradford): I'm not doing badly with a sword, why?

"Take it," said Kasrildrel, pulling a scabbard out of a bag with a long, fine sword inside and holding it out to Bradford.

(Kasrildrel): we have to reach Methith, without his healing magic it will be difficult to win.

(Demon woman): what's going on? Is your friend not well? Yet I only gave him a little football ... well, I will have fun with you.

(Kasrildrel): I keep her busy, you take care of it and go to Methith, I will join you immediately.

(Bradford): careful, it has a monstrous force!

"I know" said Kasrildrel and squeezed his sword and shortened the distance with the demon in the blink of an eye, the demon attacked with his arm always in the shape of a blade, Kasrildrel presumed from the short fight of Bradford that despite the enormous strength the demon he sinned slightly in speed, however, he still made a great effort to dodge the blow, a storm of blows followed that Kasrildrel continued to dodge to study his opponent well.

"Just run away! You're making me lose patience!" said the demon before launching another blow

(Kasrildrel): Okay, I stop running away, ■■ [Evil out]

(Kasrildrel'mind '): it was more effective than expected ...

The woman demon was completely paralyzed.

~ pssssssshhh ~

A long hiss could be heard as a stream of urine constantly poured out of the demon's black bikini which, despite being evident by his expression that he wanted to stop getting wet, was unable to restrain himself because of the spell that blocked her completely, preventing her from even placing a hand. on the pussy.

(Demon man): Magrana, did you make yourself humiliated in this way? I have no words!

(Ileah'mind ') So ... even demons have accidents sometimes!

"Well, so your magical defense is practically nonexistent," said Kasrildrel with a smile and a satisfied tone, before inserting the sword into the neck of the woman demon.

Unfortunately, in addition to depositing a lump of poop in the bikini of the demon because of the pain mixed with the still persistent shock of just before it did not affect and remained blocked and not removable, Kasrildrel, therefore, decided to give it up not to end up like Bradford, even if it was a good sword made of mithril.

(Kasrildrel'mind '): in this case, let's see if even a magic weapon can be efficient.

The sword that Kasrildrel took was a very powerful magical weapon that she managed to obtain by risking her life in a grave full of undead.

Kasrildrel thought she had more or less understood what kind of skill the demon had and then worked out a strategy while her she was desperate for losing her honor by humbling herself in front of a banal human.

The demons are proud of two things, their name, and their honor, and for this reason, the woman demon was now furious and longed to blow the head of the woman who had humiliated her after torturing her and making her mess herself.

Meantime, Bradford had returned to Methith who had finished treating him.

(Methith): Kas! Come!

(Bradford): we can fight together now!

With one click Kasrildrel made half room in less than a second.

(Kasrildrel): here I am!

And then he explained the plan to the highs.

(Demon man): Magrana, I know you can't fight 2 wizards at the same time for a long time but I have almost prepared the subspace, hold on, please!

"Yes, as you say," said the demon woman, feeling the bulge on the back of her bikini with her left hand and starting to move towards the group.

(Bradford): So while I'm blocking you, you will kill yourself with the magic sword?

(Kasrildrel): yes and if you don't manage to keep it still then I will help you and it will be Methith who will finish it with a spell.

(Methith): Okay, in the meantime I empower you, ■■■■ [Without limit], ■■ [Without fear], ■■■, [Speed boost].

(Ileah): I'll make myself useful too! ■■■ [Vitality increase]

(Kasrildrel): Come on let's go!

Meanwhile, the female demon was activating his skills, now he was fighting seriously.

The two sides looked at each other, the first to move was Bradford, his goal was to block the demon's movements, as soon as he reached him with a lunge he tried to skewer it but the sword did not touch it but passed through it as if it were butter, to which the demon he used his blade-shaped arm again to hit Bradford but he managed to parry the blow.

(Kasrildrel'mind '): did you change your skills? No, it is the same, it will consist of being able to change the level of hardness of his body, blocking it is not impossible.

Bradford understood this too and instead of the body or leg he hit the neck of the demon, the sword first entered as in a fluid but then stopped and became non-removable, the demon than with an oscillation tried to cut Bradford in half but this jumped in the air I always hold the sword firmly and landed behind the demon embracing him.

(Kasrildrel): ■ [Magic edge]

Kasrildrel who had waited for this moment with a lightning bolt tried to cut the demon's legs with the magic sword, this took a red color and managed to penetrate into the flesh of the demon thus succeeding in his intent and making a scream come out of the demon's mouth it made the skin crawl.

The demon now without legs from the knee down, with tears running down her cheeks and two streams of urine running down her thighs, was helpless.

(Kasrildrel'mind '): we should have fought together from the beginning!

Kasrildrel was sure of herself but hadn't considered that her opponents were two.

(Demon man): It is now complete! Thanks, Magrana, I will speak of your deeds to our lord!

(Demon woman): wait you won't want ... stop!

(Demon man): ■■■■■ (Deep purgatory subspace)

A sphere of unknown black substance expanded to include Magrana, Kasrildrel, and Bradford.

(Kasrildrel'mind '): oh fuck!

"Methith will come back to you, protect Ileah and Li" Bradford was swallowed before finishing the sentence.

(Methith): Bastard! ■■■ [Multiple air hammer]

Desperate and angry Methith threw her magic at the demon.

"I'm sorry to disappoint you but these weak spells have no effect!" The demon exclaimed before an evil laugh.

(Methith'mind '): damn it! Why didn't I do anything to stop it !? I was a fool!

Methith squeezed his staff tightly and trembled a little with anger and a little with fear.

(Ileah): Methith, I don't know if you remember it but when you were younger you always came to give me reps, I know you are a powerful sorceress! I know you won't lose it! also, I will help you as much as possible!

(Methith): Lady Ileah, of course, I remember, but how you saw that demon is immune to my spells!

(Ileah): so what? You just have to cast a more powerful spell!

(Methith): But did he say he's immune ... or maybe if ... could it work?

Methith looked at the sphere on his staff, it was a very high-level artifact with a large amount of mana accumulated.

(Demon man): now just wait, I'll kill you and then I will resurrect my lord!

(Methith): lady Ileah, do you know conjuring spells?

(Ileah): yes why?

(Methith): ■■ [Dimensional lock], [magical overlay] ■■

Intense yellow light pervaded the crystal ball on Methith's magic rod.

(Methith): use your magic now!

(Ileah): good, ■■■ [Summon wolf]

At that moment Methith used her enchant Magic absorbency which allowed her to block a low-level spell and to momentarily sing it, then she activated the [Sacrifice] ability that allowed her to potentiate a spell many times, this added the [limitless] enhancement spell used earlier allowed her to sacrifice all of her MPs and all those included in the crystal and use a forbidden spell.

(Methith): ■■■■■, [Summon primal wolf: Fenrir]

The ball and the stick were pulverized and from a yellow circle, a wolf level 70 jumped, measuring about ten meters (33 ft).

"Fenrir, obey Ileah's orders! Lady Ileah, get Kasrildrel and Bradford back before you kill the demon," said Methith before passing out on the ground due to the total mana exhaustion.

~ pssssshh ~

Although it had emptied recently, its bladder had filled up a little and due to the fainting, it poured under Methith's body forming a small puddle.

(Ileah'mind '): I promise you Methith, I'll bring those two back!

Ileah approached the giant wolf

(Ileah): demon! Did you hear what my friend said ?! Bring Bradford and Kasrildrel back!

(Demon man): sorry to disappoint you but they are dead now!

(Ileah): Liar! Fenrir! Attack!

(Demon man 'mind'): that wolf is a problem ... but this girl is ... that color is indistinguishable, besides her appearance ... there is no doubt!

(Demon man): you are that girl's sister, right?

Ileah turned to where he had left his sister unconscious, but he didn't see her, it wasn't where he left her, but in the hands of the demon man.

(Ileah): bastard! Give me back my sister!

(Demon man): only if you make that wolf feel good!

Ileah had no choice, did not know that the demon could not afford to kill his sister without a replacement, who could have been herself but never could have fought against Fenrir.

(Ileah): Fenrir, doghouse!

The gigantic wolf obeyed and stood with his muzzle on the ground.

(Demon man): wise girl choice, remember if I see suspicious movements I kill your sister instantly!

Ileah was about to cry, she was desperate she didn't know what to do, she couldn't stand this pressure.

(Demon man): I don't trust, I just can't trust! Tell that dog to shut up and stop!

(Ileah): Fenrir, don't move!

(Demon man): excellent, ■■■■, [Hell flame]

Black flames were fired from the palm of the demon who did not hold the marquis's daughter and flared up on poor Fernir who could not move and even if they did not do much damage the scene of the wolf gritting his teeth without being able to do anything reminded Ileah of herself, making her sink even deeper into despair.

She could no longer hold back her tears and also felt a familiar warmth in the area of her pussy, her panties that had just dried now were again drenched with continuous leaks, Ileah had officially surrendered.

At that moment cracks formed in the void and like an invisible wall broke as if it were glass and a figure appeared, a being with terrifying features, he had a hairy body and a long tail with a snake head at the end, his face was covered with flames and had two long horns similar to those of a ram, if Methith was still conscious he would tell anyone to run away, he was a superior demon, his level was 73, he was the right baron of the demon lord who would be was evoked with the sacrifice of the marquis' daughter.

(Greater Demon): Bhuquy! What happens, because there was a magic barrier?

His voice was perfectly the same as that of a classic middle-aged man, which made him even more frightening, he was referring to the [dimensional lock] spell that Methith had used to prevent the demon man or Bhuquy from not running away from Fenrir.

(Greater Demon): It doesn't matter, however, what happened, our human subordinates are all dead ... and that wolf, a high-level monster ... that woman passed out ... another human female with a fragment at the inside ... it looks like you've been busy, sorry if I didn't come back in a hurry, I was collecting more miasma to resurrect our lord.

The miasma was a mixture of blood and soul power of dead beings.

(Bhuquy): your excellence must not be excused, unfortunately, Magrana was killed by two other of these annoying humans, I proceeded to send them to a subspace full of demonic beasts, at this point they should be dead.

(Greater demon): well, let's resurrect our lord and master, let's go.

Ileah had listened to everything but now her mind was lost, she was like paralyzed, the problem is that she was conscious and this did nothing but worsen her condition, probably after this experience if, by some miracle she had not died in her, serious problems would have remained psychological.

"well, prepare the circle excellence, give me the miasma," said the demon Bhuquy. Holding out his hands.

(Greater Demon): No, I think about it, you've done enough, you've been good at not letting humans run away with sacrifices, go kill that passed out woman, I'll catch this little wolf!

Fenrir, who had understood he was going to make a bad end, stopped obeying Ileah and tried to bite the superior demon, but before he could even get close he was sucked by an ampoule.

(Greater Demon): You will produce excellent miasma for my lord.

Then the upper demon began to draw a circle with the miasma that had the same color as the fresh blood only much denser and brighter, after doing this he took Ileah's sister and spread it in the center of the circle which began to shine stronger, then she took the two women in priestess clothes and traced two smaller circles inside the large circle, in each of them she put a priestess and the shining became stronger, later she took the ampoule and emptied its contents to the mouth of the Marquis'doughter, the ampoule contained an immense quantity of miasma in gaseous form, as soon as the whole ampoule was absorbed it pulverized and the two priestesses began to tremble, they opened their eyes and from them came a light that was initially golden but slowly it went from red to purple, and then eventually the girl's body with purple hair began to float.

(Greater Demon): ■■■■■■■■■, [Demon god proprietary magic, Demons lords resurrection]

From the back of Ileah's sister a bull's head came out, then two mighty arms and then the body of a horse, the poor girl with the torn back fell to the ground in a sea of blood, even the priestesses passed out.

(Demon lord): World! Prepare to be conquered by me!

But immediately afterward the purple column in the center of the room lit up with intense purple light making everything bright first, then completely dark, and when the lighting returned two figures appeared in the center of the room.

End of Chapter 1!

Thanks for reading, a comment is always welcome!

