Kagome's Morning

Author: Meowth

*000*2010-07-29 06:00

It was an early Wednesday morning when Kagome awoke from sleep. Her eyes opened and absorbed the gentle morning light blanketing her possessions in subtle orange glow. She was still getting used to summer break, but she had to admit, it wasn’t too difficult. She rolled over in her bed, buried comfortably beneath her covers, as she closed her eyes. It was one of those moments that you wish would never end. Where the blankets feel like clouds and your worries melt away as the simple thought of having to get up and leave paradise replaces everything you fear. Kagome had planned on remaining in bed, maybe drifting back off to sleep, but she had a phone call, and nature was on the line.

A few seconds after she had switched positions, she felt huge pressure on her lower abdomen, only to realize she had to pee. Although she wanted to fight it and stay in bed, she knew this wasn’t an option. She quickly got out of bed and headed for her door. Normally before she made her morning trip to the bathroom she would put on some pants. Whether it was the skirt from the prior day sitting at the foot of her bed, or the PJ pants sitting in her drawer that she probably should have worn, she had on something to cover her white cotton panties. Today though, she was going to have to make do with her long white t-shirt. She would have preferred it to be a little longer but beggars can’t be choosers. Plus, it was just her family out there. She doubted anyone else except her mom was awake anyway.

When she started to open up her door, still doing her best to contain her aching bladder, she had thought of something. What if, by some off chance, Inuyasha had decided to come and wait for her? I mean it would be totally normal for him to be up this early since he rarely ever slept deeply. She couldn’t bother herself with these thoughts though. In the end, it didn’t really make a difference. Even if he was standing right outside the door in the hallway, she would have to run by him in her underwear to even stand a chance at making it to the toilet in time. When her door was completely ajar, she was relieved to see an empty hallway, devoid of life. She quickly ran down the hallway, grabbing herself, trying her best to keep from having an accident. Finally she got in the bathroom, dropped her panties and sat down, just as a stream had flowed out of her, hitting the water with a splash.

Sitting on the toilet, she reached over and closed the door, hiding her shame. It would be a bit odd to explain why she was peeing with the door wide open. She heard it click shut as she continued a long stream of urine into the toilet bowl. She didn’t even want to think of what would have happened if someone had been in the bathroom. She wasn’t sure if she would have been able to hold it or not. It didn’t matter though. Although she often woke up with a powerful urge for the toilet, this was the first time in awhile it had happened this badly. When the stream had finally come to a stop, she let out a few more squirts of urine, and stood and pulled up her panties. She could have gone a little bit more, but she couldn’t void her whole bladder then, she must have stretched it too much. She would go a little later.

She flushed the toilet, washed her hands, and headed back to her room. Although only family were there, she still preferred to not be seen in her panties by anyone besides her mom, and who knew when Grandpa or Souta could wake up and walk out? When she got in her room, and closed her door and got out her school uniform. It seemed odd to be wearing it when she wasn’t in school but she was so used to it that she put it on anyway. She removed her white shirt, leaving her breasts exposed, soon covering them with a white bra. She then slipped on her skirt over her slightly dampened white panties, and then put her school shirt over the bra. After fixing her hair, tucking in her shirt, and making sure she was looking her best, she headed back to the bathroom to brush her teeth.

This was only intended to be chapter 1. Sort of an introduction of more to come, but I quickly lost interest. I might make another chapter in the future.

*002*2010-08-02 00:51

Alright, well I proofread it, but of course I can't guarantee that I did it flawlessly since it was a bit much to read over and over again, and I'm prone to those types of mistakes. I hope you all enjoy it, and comments are much appreciated (criticism as well). Oh, and transition between chapters sucks, I know. lol

She then headed down stairs, seeing none other than her mom preparing breakfast.

“Morning, mom!” Kagome said, greeting her mother enthusiastically

“Oh, good morning, Kagome.” Her mother said back to her. “How did you sleep?”

“Oh, I slept alright. How about you?” Kagome replied.

“I slept alright too. Breakfast is ready if you want some.” Her mom offered her.

“Yeah, that sounds great.”

After eating breakfast, and drinking some of her Grandpa’s homemade tea, she decided to get an early start on her day.

“I’m getting to go over to the Feudal era, alright mom?” Kagome said grabbing her bow and arrows, as well as a small bag of supplies.

“Alright, just promise me you’ll be careful.”

“Don’t worry, I’ll be fine” Kagome said as her mom gave her a kiss on the cheek and she headed for the door.

“Bye Kagome.” A freshly woken up Souta said coming down the stairs in his pajamas.

“See ya, Souta! Oh, and tell Grandpa I said bye too.”

With that, she left the house, and headed down the well into the Feudal era.

Upon coming up from the well, she breathed in the fresh summer air, unpolluted by the ways of development and industry. She sat on the edge of the well for a minute, and just enjoyed the different feel that this time had as opposed to her own. When she was finished absorbing in her familiar surroundings, she stood up, and headed on her way to the village. She got about 10 minutes in her walk when she started to develop a need for the toilet. She didn’t know if it was related to her near-accident that morning, or the fact she had drank quite a bit of tea at breakfast, but the urge was growing exponentially.

She really didn’t want to stop already since she hadn’t gotten far, and she knew that she would probably have to go again soon after anyway. She would just hold it a little longer, she was making good time, plus she wasn’t desperate or anything. She had gotten kind of used to holding it in for awhile anyway, since the idea of dropping her underwear in the woods, exposing herself to whatever kind of things could be at bay, wasn’t ideal, even she did have to do it quite often. Then again, anybody would be used to holding it in if they had to deal with someone like Inuyasha on a regular basis.

She had gotten another 10 minutes in her walk when the urge was getting much worse. The pressure on her bladder was now fairly constant and her legs were rubbing together as she walked, to help suppress the urge. She was still adamant about not stopping though. She had been hoping to at least get to the village before she had to go, but this goal was beginning to appear more and more unlikely the longer her voyage went on. She just did her best to keep a quick pace, but her faster strides were being cancelled out by her taking shorter strides. So in the end, she wasn’t going much faster at all.

She managed to get another 5 minutes into her walk until she suddenly stopped in place. Although the village was only about 10 minutes away, she knew she couldn’t hold it that much longer. Her bladder was bulging, and she could feel all of her pee ready to pour out, putting massive pressure on her bladder. Each step stung, and she was beginning to get worried that she could leak at anytime, even if she was using all her might to hold it back. God forbid she loses her focus for a second…

She figured this had gone on long enough, so she dropped her bag on the ground, and with one hand on her bladder, and gently biting her bottom lip, she quickly headed over for the bushes. Just as she was about to push her way through the brush, the leaves of the plant started to move violently as she heard a growling noise. She felt a large burst of warm pee shoot out, soaking her panties, leaving a small line of pee to run down her leg. It felt good to let that little bit go, and she desperately wanted to let it all go, but that wasn’t her prime concern. Life was more important than dry or wet panties. She quickly pulled out her bow, and armed it with an arrow. She aimed it at the bush and waited, doing her best to focus on what was in it, although the wet feeling in between her legs was quite distracting.

Between the thing in the bush, and her need to pee, she was beginning to shake violently. She wasn’t that scared, being she had been toughened up from fighting demons for so long, but those together were making it very hard not to shake. The shaking was now making it more and more difficult for her to contain her bladder. As she waited for whatever was in the bush to come, she could feel her bladder getting weaker and weaker. It wasn’t long until another, much smaller spurt of pee came out, and then another one slightly bigger. She couldn’t believe she was standing there slowly wetting herself as she was preparing a kill shot on some kinda of demon or animal. Believe it or not, it is kind of hard to be brave when you have a line of urine running down your leg. Just as she felt her bladder was becoming slightly more compliant with her, a feral dog jumped out of the bushes at her, and with the release of her arrow, her bladder went with it.

As the arrow hit the feral dog, which must have been a weak demon since it disintegrated into nothingness, a large rush of pee began to pour from her. She stood there shaking as she felt the warm liquid drench her panties and pour down her legs. When the situation sunk in, and she realized she was peeing herself over that little bastard, she was very annoyed. She lifted up her skirt and watched the pee flow from her white panties as it went from running down her leg, to pouring straight to the ground, right back to running down her legs. She quickly got her shoes off, making sure they were at least relatively dry, but her socks were soaked, and she just stood there in a puddle of urine, with more adding to it every second. When the urine had stopped flowing, she began to feel very embarrassed. Although she would have been much more traumatized if she hadn’t been alone, still, wetting yourself was pretty demoralizing.

She was annoyed that her entire walk had been a waste, since she decided to head back home. After all, she didn’t want to trash a perfectly good -well decently good- pair of panties. Plus, Inuyasha would smell the pee on her in a second, and that was a conversation she really didn’t need. So, she began her walk back. After a few minutes of walking, she was getting bothered by the feeling of pee leftover from her panties running down her legs, and then of course the wet feeling from the panties touching her as well.

She decided to take them off. She looked around; making sure no one was looking, as she slipped the panties down her legs, and stepped out of them. Although it felt very good to be walking around with no panties on, she felt very self-conscious walking around like that. I mean if a gust of wind came and blew her skirt up while she had panties on, it was embarrassing, but not that big of a deal, but if one came and showed off her privates to some stranger… or worse, Inuyasha, she would die. The fact she was alone still didn’t fix this feeling of uneasiness.

After walking for a few more minutes, she decided to slip the panties back on. She dreaded the feeling, but she felt to exposed the way she was now. So she slipped the panties on one leg, then another, and then slid them quickly all the way up. The coolness of them made her shiver. Although an odd feeling, it wasn’t nearly as bad as she had imagined. Then again, at this point, she was too tired to care. She just wanted a nice warm shower, and some dry clothes. When she was a few minutes from the well, she began to get the urge to pee again. She couldn’t believe it. She didn’t care though. She was too tired to hold it, even though this time she was very confident she could have. She decided to spare herself the trouble and pee right there.

She figured since her panties were already soaked, why expose herself again? She just squatted down to make sure her shoes remained dry, and let go. Normally ‘just letting go’ is a lot harder than it sounds, but it didn’t seem to apply at the time. Similar to how it’s easier to go in a wet bathing suit then it is in a dry one. Now that it was wet, there was no more taboo about it. Her mind was treating it like a bathing suit. It didn’t matter if it got peed in; it was just a pair of wet panties. So she squatted down and re-warmed the cold panties with fresh pee. It started off running down to her butt, and then it flowed to the ground in a stream. Kagome watched the pee make a small puddle on the ground as she it slowly came to a stop, with only a little leftover dripping down. She stood up, causing a little bit of pee that was still left to run down her legs.

When she got to the well, she didn’t hesitate to jump in. Upon getting to the other side, she checked herself to make sure her wetness wasn’t obvious, like on her skirt or dripping from in between her legs, then she left the well room, and crossed the compound to her house. She quickly went inside, and headed straight upstairs.

“Hey Kagome, why are you back so soon?” Souta asked as she walked up the stairs.

“I just… uh… felt like getting a shower. That’s all.” She said as she disappeared from sight.

“Weird.” Souta said diverting his attention to the television.

When she got up to her room, she grabbed some clean panties and socks, and headed to the bathroom. When she got in there, she started by removing the soiled panties and examining the wetness. She hadn’t peed herself in a long time, and didn’t remember actually looking closely at what wet clothing looks like. Sure she had seen wet clothing, but this felt different. To know that it was all pee that she had caused. To know the soaked spots in her panties were caused by her inability to keep from wetting herself out of desperation. Fascinating. After giving her panties a once over, she dropped them, along with her socks on the floor, shoved against the wall. She then closed the toilet lid, and placed her clean clothes on top with a towel, and got in the bathtub. She had considered a bath, but decided she didn’t feel like it. So she settled with a shower.

I included spaces in between paragraphs to make it slightly easier to read, since I can't copy EXACTLY what I have in word.

If you have any suggestions or requests I will take them into account. Granted I can't guarantee I can bring them to life, but I've done request stories before so I may be able to compile the stories in a way more suited to viewers of this site.

Thanks for reading. I may write more if people are interested.

*003*2010-08-06 02:49

A little while into her shower she heard a knock at the door.

“Yeah?” Kagome asked curious to who it was.

“It’s just me.” Her mom said cracking the door open. “You mind if I slip in and use the bathroom really quick?”

“Yeah, no, of course.” Kagome not surprised since this was the only bathroom in the house.

“Thanks, that one really snuck up on me!” Her mom said with a slight laugh.

“She has no idea.” Kagome thought to herself.

After a few seconds of silence, Kagome heard a familiar sound of water on water as her mom peed in the toilet. Granted it didn’t really bother her, it was still a bit of an awkward thing to hear while you’re in the shower.

“Wow, she really did have to go.” Kagome thought to herself as her mom’s long pee finally came a slow stuttering end.

“Ok thanks, sorry to interrupt your shower.” Her mom said walking out.

“’Yeah, no problem.” Kagome replied.

After finishing her shower, Kagome reached out and grabbed her towel. She took her time, dried off the best she could, and wrapped the towel around her head to dry up her hair. Now that she, for the most part, was dry, she stepped out of the shower and was about to get dressed when something dawned on her. The socks and panties were no longer where she left them! Her mother must have seen them and decided to put them in the laundry. Kagome just stood there for minute blushing. Her mom knew she wet herself. She was really wishing she could have hid it, but it’s too late now. At least it wasn’t Grandpa or Souta who figured it out. Kagome removed the towel from her hair and got dressed, as she thought about all the things her mother could said to here, but didn’t.

After she had gotten dressed, she left the bathroom and decided to give the Feudal era another shot. In the same clothes she had started with this morning, with the exception of her socks and new dark blue panties, she headed down stairs, grabbed a drink of water, grabbed her things, said bye to everyone, and left. She ventured down the well, and reappeared in the Feudal era. This time around, she wasn’t as interested in the trees and the air. She just wanted to get to Kaede’s village. She began her walk there, trying to keep a relatively quick pace without tiring herself out. After about 25 minutes, she came up to place where she had wet herself before. The puddle was still there. She couldn’t but blush a little as she kept on walking. It only took about 10 minutes for her to reach the village from there, and she still didn’t need to pee. Quite the relief, given the events earlier.

When she arrived in the village she was greeted by her friends. She asked if anything had happened for the short time she was gone, and fortunately nothing had. The rest of her day had went on relatively basic, as well did the night. Upon waking up, she was greeted with a familiar urge to void her bladder, but this time, it wasn’t about to explode. She was relived because the last thing she wanted was to pee herself here. After taking her morning pee, she returned to the house, went into her backpack, and grabbed out a thermos that her mom had prepared for her. It was her Grandpa’s homemade tea. She took a sip, and forgetting how good it was, ended up drinking the whole thing. When she was done, she sat it down, and headed outside to find the others.

She found Sango, Miroku, and Shippo, all standing at the edge of the village, talking amongst themselves.

“Hey guys!” Kagome said greeting them.

“Hey Kagome!” Shippo said jumping up on her shoulder.

“Good morning.” Sango said greeting her.

“How did you sleep?” Miroku asked her.

“Oh, I slept fine. Uh… Where’s Inuyasha?” Kagome asked curious.

“Oh, he’s out doing something for Kaede. He said he would be back soon to take you home.” Sango answered.

So Kagome waited there for Inuyasha, making conversation with her friends. Everything was normal until about 10 minutes in she was starting to feel that familiar urge to pee. It wasn’t that bad so she figured she would wait till she got home. She would, like most people, preferred the use of toilets. She just continued to make conversation with her friends, just keeping her legs slightly closer together than normal. When 10 more minutes had gone by though, she was starting to get desperate. She couldn’t keep her legs still. Her bladder was starting to constantly bother her, and she was getting a strong urge to put her hand down to her crotch. She was doing her best to hide her desperation to her friends but it was difficult. Kagome knew she could wait longer though, and she was willing if it meant getting home to go there.

Luckily for Kagome, Sango, Miroku, and Shippo had all went back to the village, and she was alone waiting for Inuyasha, so she didn’t have to quite as subtle as before. Now she could manage a hand on the crotch and a little bit of dancing to relieve the pressure. Unfortunately for Kagome, she was still on the edge of the village, so she couldn’t be downright blunt with her desperation, although its use faded, subtly was still important. Even worse for her was that it had been another ten minutes, and Inuyasha still hadn’t showed up. At this point the pressure in her bladder was constant and impossible to ease. Any pressure at all on her belly automatically added pressure to her already tired control. She could feel herself getting to that point where control slowly starts to fade, and turns into a flood. She decided that she was going to have to go here, or she would almost certainly pee herself.

Right at that moment, Inuyasha, seemingly out of nowhere, landed right in front of her.

“Hey Kagome. Sorry I’m late. You ready for me to take you home?” Inuyasha asked her.

“Uh… Yeah sure.” Kagome wanted to say she needed to pee, but her will to get home and pee in a toilet was bigger. As if risking an accident in front of Inuyasha was worth going in a toilet as opposed to the woods.

“Alright, get on.” Inuyasha said turning around.

Kagome carefully got on his back. In order to be carried like this she had to spread her legs, and in her state it was tempting fate to make something go horribly wrong. Inuyasha, ignorant to the situation, took off at full speed which was both good and bad to Kagome. The initial jump almost made her lose control right there, but she just managed to keep from giving Inuyasha a very wet kimono. Although the high speed made it a little harder to focus on her bladder, the quicker she got home, the better.

After about 5 minutes of running, Kagome was at her end. She could feel pee right the end of her womanhood, and lack of focus for a second could cause a total flood. Although no place is ideal for an accident, this place was particularly bad. She was about to beg Inuyasha to stop, but at that moment they stopped at the well. Upon stopping at the well Kagome quickly dismounted from Inuyasha and slammed her legs together, causing to her leak a little in her panties. Knowing that Inuyasha would quickly be able to smell it, and that she was about to totally pee herself in front of him, she quickly said thanks and jumped in the well.

When she got to the other end of the well, she was on her knees. She felt warmth and heard a pattering noise. She quickly stood and regained control of her bladder. She lost control in the well and peed a little in the dirt, but it was just enough to get though the panties, they were still pretty dry, and she was clean for the most part. She climbed out of the well and could feel her bladder pushing, trying to make its way out into her underwear, and down her legs. She determined not to though. She didn’t know how, but she managed to climb to the top of the well without totally soaking herself, but she didn’t have much time though. She ran out of the well room, going straight to her house across the compound. Of course now subtly was irrelevant, she was doing everything she could to keep the pee from staining her blue panties. She was not going to have another accident. She ran in her house, both her Grandpa and mom staring at her.

“Uh... Hey Kagome.” Her mom said surprised as she ran up the steps.

“Can’t talk; gotta pee!” Kagome said with both hands pressing down on her womanhood as she ran up the steps. Once she reached the time she felt a burst of pee shoot into her panties, drenching them, and making the part of her skirt being pressed into her crotch wet. When she got to the bathroom, to her dismay, it was closed. She tried the door and it was locked.

“Occupied!” Souta replied.

“Oh shit shit shit!” Kagome said bouncing up and down trying not to lose control. “Are you almost done?!” Kagome asked desperately.

“Uhh… I’m gonna be awhile.” Souta replied.

When she heard this Kagome collapsed to tears. She managed to wait a few more seconds, but she was at her end. Suddenly, she no longer had the strength to control her herself. Her muscles relaxed with her unable to pull back. She just stood there peeing herself, trying to stop it. When she regained control of her muscles, she didn’t have the strength to stop the flow. She just watched as the pee ran down her legs, soaking her shoes and socks, staining the carpet below her. All she could do was cry and stare. Trying to stop it was impossible. When finally she stopped peeing herself, she could feel pee still running down her leg. She ran in her room and shut the door, sobbing into her pillow.

When she had calmed down a little bit, she stood up from her bed. She hadn’t changed yet so the front of her skirt wet because of the panties. She didn’t care though. She couldn’t believe she had peed herself like that. She just took off her skirt and looked at herself. She lifted her shirt above the panties and looked at her shamed. The big pee stain going from the front of the panties to the middle, then finally to the back as she turned around to see the small amount of pee that had made it there, it was so embarrassing. She slipped the panties off and put them on the ground, and put her skirt back on. She picked the panties up, trying to hold them by the dry parts, and braved the world by walking outside of her room. She saw her mom on the floor scrubbing the pee she had made.

“Mom… You don’t have to clean that…” Kagome said with a sniff. “It was my fault.”

“It’s alright Kagome. You just rest. You’ve had a long day.” Her mom replied.

“Thanks mom.” Kagome said slightly cheered up as she went to put her panties in the dirty clothes. She completely ignored looking at Grandpa and Souta. She wasn’t being mean but she just really didn’t want to make eye contact with anybody who knew what happened.

She went back up to her room and grabbed some clothes. This time, PJ’s. She headed for the bathroom once again. This time though, she would take a bath.

Hope you guys enjoyed it. Comments as well as criticism are welcome.

*007*2010-10-30 22:26

{{: 

Haven't read all of the episodes yet, but this is definitely quality writing. You have impressive talent, Meowth.

But I would expect no less from such an intelligent Pokemon.

}}

Thank you very much for the compliment.

*009*2010-11-19 02:19

{{: 

Great story! I kind of feel bad for Kagome, though. She had a rough couple of days there. All in all I enjoyed reading your FanFic. Keep up the great work^_^!

}}

Thanks a million for the compliment. Hopefully, if I find the inspiration and time, I'll come back and write some more.

