Chapter 27: My secret fantasy is....?

The idea was to end the day after the movie was done, but when Peyton and Liv invited them over to come and have a drink later in one of the bars on the top deck they couldn't refuse.

Before going to the bar they made a quick stop in their room to change out of their soggy pants and each jump into the shower, which was quite needed as both Luna and Chloe had lost count of how many times they had peed themselves today.

The idea of not having used the toilet all day, and going in their pants whenever they needed to pee felt exhilarating to Luna and Chloe. Like it was almost a weird dream they were in.

While rummaging through their luggage both girls quickly came to a realization, at the rate they were going through their fresh pants today, both girls knew there was a chance that they might run out of clean clothes before the onboard cleaning service could return their washed clothes in time.

That didn't stop them though, they were going through their remaining clothes and were deciding on what to wear, both were making it clear their choices were very much influenced by knowing they were gonna wet them not much later.

Luna jumped in the shower first with Chloe going second. When Luna came out of the shower she started dressing herself while Chloe was showering.

While going through her suitcase Luna had spotted one of her favourite panties, they were soft and fitted her snugly, she wondered why she hadn't even worn them on the cruise yet... she was curious how it would feel to wet in them, she quickly put them on and then decided on her tight fitting jeans shorts which she would wear on top of her dark grey leggings. She finished her outfit with a simple black blouse.

Luna laid down on her bed and started browsing her phone, she loved how it was so much more responsive than her old one. Sometimes she still got surprised with how smooth it worked, and how lucky she was to have gotten it as a gift from her girlfriend!

After a couple of minutes of browsing on her phone, Chloe exited the bathroom with only wearing a towel.

Chloe glared at Luna and rated her outfit, "That's gonna look nice if you wet in that!"

"It's not if!" Luna happily corrected, "Just a matter of when!"

"And I'm looking forward to seeing you do that!" Chloe flirted back while laughing.

Chloe was standing next to her bed across from Luna's when they looked at each other for a couple of seconds without saying anything.

Without giving a warning Chloe suddenly unhooked her towel and let it drop on the ground, exposing herself completely to Luna, who hadn't seen it coming and was shocked with a sudden naked Chloe standing next to her bed.

Chloe started laughing her ass off seeing the shocked reaction coming from Luna.

Luna had gotten red in her face, she couldn't hide her silly grin and had loved that little show, Chloe was always full of surprises.

Satisfied with the reaction she had gotten out of Luna, Chloe now started getting dressed and once done she checked out her own outfit when she commented,

"Oh god these pants will make it so visible if I pee myself," Chloe quickly corrected herself, "Correction, 'when' I pee myself. Ah what the heck, people can watch if they want to, why would I care if people see me wet my pants?"

Even though she knew it would be very visible Chloe went with her beige comfortable looking slim ankle pants, she looked good in them and surely if she would wet them the pee stain would be very visible, but after what they had done today and what they had seen other people do that wasn't really out of the ordinary any more. Luna was a fan of her outfit as well!

Chloe finished her outfit with a tight fitting white tank top that fitted her perfectly.

The only thing Luna could think about right now was the moment she would wet her fresh jeans shorts, it was almost as if the soft and dry touch of her favourite panties against her skin were inviting her to do it.

She was looking forward to having a few drinks with her girlfriend and the others while having some innocent fun in her pants and soak them during their time at the bar. It looked like Chloe was planning the same thing.

And off they went walking towards the bar and leaving their room.

Although Luna had something on her mind that she wondered about, she was pretty sure it was nothing but still... she wanted to be absolutely sure.

"Hey you don't mind right?" Luna asked a little bit shy, "Me just wetting myself out of the blue, like in the restaurant for example. I was wondering if maybe I over did it and should've given a heads up or something?"

Chloe immediately fired back with a confused expression, "Huh? Why would I mind? I love that you did that!"

"Ah, I dunno, I felt like maybe I was overdoing it today! It's not normal if someone just wets her pants after all!"

"It's totally fine!"

A weight fell off Luna's chest, it was becoming clear to her she could openly indulge in her fetish without having to worry about anything. This was still something she couldn't quite believe was happening for real, she felt like she needed to get pinched once in a while to get reminded that this wasn't all a dream.

"Honestly, even after the cruise ends and things go back to normal, I know you really enjoy it so I figured you might continue to wet your pants from time to time." Chloe nonchalantly said, as if she wasn't saying something completely weird, "Just know that I'll probably join you and wet myself as well actually!"

Luna had a hard time hiding her stupid grin on her face with what she just heard Chloe say.

She had been very afraid that their current toilet habits was a temporary thing, but maybe it wasn't as temporary as she had thought.

They entered the elevator that would bring them to the floor they needed to get to the bar.

Luna blurted out without filtering anything, "I'm actually looking forward to pissing my shorts and leggings after a couple of drinks at the bar, so just a headsup, the moment I feel the urge I'll probably piss myself!"

"Hehe, I was thinking of doing the same thing!" Chloe declared with a mischievous grin on her face, "We shouldn't be worried about whoever sees it either to be honest, lets just wet our pants whenever we feel like it, no questions asked!!"

"Agree!"

"After everything that already happened today I'm starting to enjoy wetting my pants more and more!" Chloe suddenly added while slightly hopping up and down from excitement.

It was clear Chloe was really looking forward to wetting her fresh pants as well, Luna loved how they were thinking so very alike about this topic, the elevator door opened and after a short walk they arrived at the bar on the top deck.

This deck was smaller and more secluded from the rest of the decks and towered above the other deck where they usually went to the party.

The bar here had a much more chill vibe, with comfortable lounge chairs to sit in and music that fit the mood.

Their friends were all sitting outside where a seating area was, while the bar to get drinks was inside.

Liv and Peyton where already there but surprisingly no sign of Selena and Vicky yet.

But what did catch them off guard was some of their classmates they had barely seen all trip were sitting with them.

Was this gonna throw their plan off balance?

Luna quickly took a duo lounge seat for her and Chloe and gladly sat down next to her and leaned in on Chloe who quickly draped an arm around her shoulders, both sitting snugly and comfortably with each other.

"hey guys!! We have barely seen you all cruise long!" Ian said joyfully.

Joey exclaimed, "Yooo how are you two doing?!"

Ian and Joey did seem genuinely glad and interested to see them. It quickly dawned on Luna why they were so interested all of a sudden.

The eyes of Ian and Joey were glued on to them.

Both girls realised they had gotten so comfortable being with each other that they had forgotten this wasn't the usual way they would behave together back at school.

"Holy shit so it's actually true, it's not a joke what we read in the group chat?!" Joey remarked, "We were actually wondering if that was all true. So you two are actually dating?"

Ian added, "Haha that's kinda awesome, never expected the two of you would form a couple, but I'm happy for you two!"

Luna got caught by surprise, first of all she simply had forgot about the fact her classmates might not be completely up to date about this, and secondly was that they luckily seemed to be very accepting about it. Before she knew it they were all happily chatting about their time on the cruise and the activities they had done so far. Luna quickly found herself very comfortable in Chloe's embrace.

Although curiosity quickly plagued Luna's consciousness, so far nobody had mentioned anything about toilet habits on the cruise so Luna didn't know how her fellow classmates thought about the whole deal.

Luna wasn't so sure any more about her whole 'I don't care if people see me wet my pants' attitude.

It's true that she didn't care about random strangers seeing her do it, but in their classmates company she wasn't so sure about it. What if they told everyone at school... She had felt confident in Peyton and Liv they wouldn't share their complete lack of toilet habits at school, but from the guys she knew they usually kept no secrets whatsoever, they would tell the whole school if they could.

After all, the cruise had skewed their perception about wetting so much that Luna had to think twice before reminding herself that outside of this cruise, wetting your pants is absolutely not done and complete taboo!! Even if on the cruise the vast majority of people are accepting of it, doesn't mean that people at home will understand it when they hear you wet your pants on purpose...

People would definitely judge her!

Luna wasn't sure what she should do once the need to pee would arise, but for now she just waited while they caught up with their fellow classmates while having a fresh cold drink.

Ian was sitting reclined in his seat with a beer in his hand when he suddenly nodded towards Chloe,

"Did you know Damian was into you?" Ian suddenly blurted out,

Joey immediately added right after, "He's been wanting to ask you out since like forever."

Luna glanced at Chloe and couldn't hold in a laugh when she saw her face, she had a shocked expression mixed with confusion plastered on her face.

"I had no clue, I thought they were joking!" Chloe said sheepishly, "but why are you suddenly telling me all this? Is Damian even okay with you telling me all this?"

Joey shrugged and rolled his eyes, "It doesn't matter any more because you're into girls, so who cares?"

"Haha Damian must be so jealous of Luna right now!" Ian added while laughing and pointing his beer at Luna,

Joey quickly added, "And Tim probably as well but with Chloe!"

Luna and Chloe nervously giggled while Peyton and Liv were shaking their heads, mumbling "guys..."

Luna wasn't wrong, these guys were like an open book.

The conversation changed topic and they now started chatting about the cruise and what everyone had done so far, in the meantime Luna and Chloe stuck with non alcoholic drinks, which was still the result of their last night escapades that had caused their embarrassing hot tub situation.

Still, nobody had brought up the elephant in the room which was the toilet situation.

Luna enjoyed her evening in Chloe's embrace, letting her play around with her hair at her fingertips.

It did get chilly on this deck as it was higher and more in the wind than usual, she happily accepted the blankets that were laying around the bar for grabs.

Hidden by the blanket Luna and Chloe were sometimes teasing each other, sometimes locking in fingers and just discretely flirting with each other. Although over time her attention was more and more going towards her bladder, which had been gradually filling over time.

What was she gonna do...

She wanted to enjoy her evening on the cruise to it's fullest, which meant just throw all caution away, relax and let it flow into her shorts and leggings... accepting what ever the consequences would be.

Just thinking about it Luna could already feel her bladder start to relax on it's own, which she quickly stopped before she would leak in her panties.

Luna was only half listening to the conversation, the other half of her attention was her trying to make a decision while her bladder was starting to fill more rapidly with the drinks they were having...

Luna her thoughts were having a full on debate in her head.

"I need to get up now and go find a toilet if I don't want to wet my pants in front of my classmates."

"But I do want to wet my pants, just not in front of my classmates."

"I have a blanket covering the proof if I wet myself, maybe I should ignore my classmates and just do it!"

"But what if Joey and Ian stay for much longer and I need to get up eventually? It will also be suspicious if I stay seated for a long time without going to the toilet once..."

"What does Chloe think? Is she still planning on wetting her pants? Does she need to pee right now?"

"Or maybe I'm overthinking this... Perhaps Joey and Ian are fine with wetting? It's not like we're the only ones on the ship who are wetting their pants whenever they feel like it. The majority of people are fine with it and maybe so are they if I wet myself right here instead of going to the toilet."

"Would they tell people at school though? They also blurted out that Damian has a crush on Chloe as if it meant nothing... the chances are ridiculously high they would tell a bunch of people."

"Where's Selena and Vicky actually? Would they wet themselves in front of Joey and Ian?? Thinking about it, Vicky might actually...."

Luna couldn't come to a conclusion while her bladder kept filling up to the point it started to become uncomfortable holding her pee. Chloe had probably peed while in the shower or right before so she's probably not as desperate yet while Luna hadn't peed in a while on purpose, she had been looking forward so much to wetting her fresh pants again she hadn't even emptied her bladder before changing. Making her more desperate than she should be at the moment.

Before they left their room earlier it also had occurred to her it was now late enough in the evening that the toilet in their room was open, so she could've easily gone to the toilet before leaving... but she didn't on purpose.

But Luna knew she didn't have much time left if she also wanted to find a toilet which will most likely have a waiting line, she had to make a decision right about now or else the limit of her bladder might make the decision for her. Resulting in an accident.

Liv suddenly stood up from her seat.

"Pfff, time to go find a toilet again." Liv said, sounding annoyed,

Peyton got up as well, "I'm joining you."

"Are you two joining?" Liv asked Luna and Chloe.

"Uhm..." Luna once again was caught off guard, she hadn't made up her mind yet and didn't know what to reply. She was absolutely sure what she wanted, and that was to simply relax and... simply go in her pants right here where she was sitting, not caring if people saw her wet pants. But she couldn't stay here and pee herself with her classmates right there.... before Luna could answer,

"I'm fine." Chloe replied confident,

"Same for me." Luna blurted out.

Peyton and Liv walked off leaving just the four of them.

Luna got surprised by herself, she had replied almost automatically after she heard Chloe's reply.

Did Chloe already make up her mind?

Luna lifted her head from Chloe's shoulder to give her a glance, which got met with a small grin on Chloe's face.

Luna could feel fluttering feelings in her stomach just thinking about it... that was all she needed as an answer from Chloe...Luna seriously started considering it, but she needed a lot more to fully convince her to take the risk and actually do it in front of her classmates.

Once again she could feel how her now bursting bladder started relaxing on its own again, she had gotten so used to simply going in her pants that a small impulse was already enough to make her bladder relax on it's own. Luna quickly pressed her thighs together and ordered her bladder to hold.

Ian and Joey got up as well,

"We're also going for a leak over there, we'll bring back drinks if you want."

Luna and Chloe gave their order and thanked them, the two walked away finding some spot to pee. It really was still odd to see guys just wander of somewhere and go pee wherever they wanted to, and it being allowed. In this case they went inside the ship, probably finding a corner to simply pee on the carpet.

It was just Luna and Chloe left at their spot, there were some more groups of people sitting in the other lounge chairs a little bit further away from them. Luna lifted her head once again and looked in Chloe's eyes.

Their faces were so close to each other while whispering, with the rest being gone they were having their own small private moment here in their lounge seat.

"I really need to pee..." Luna almost pleaded while whispering. "But we can't wet ourselves in front of Ian and Joey."

Chloe had a mischievous look on her face, "Why not? I'm actually feeling cheeky, I need to pee pretty bad as well. Just thinking off doing it right here is turning me on."

Chloe wasn't kidding, Luna could feel her heartbeat going faster than usual.

"I want to do it, but I'm way too scared of being seen by them. What if they tell the others at school?" Luna admitted.

"I feel like I really don't care all that much right now if people know I wet myself, I can't help but think it's not a big deal..." Chloe whispered back, and after a small pause she let out a sigh, "Hmm, aaah..."

Now it was Luna's heartbeat that increased, "Wait did you just...?"

"Yep, don't worry it was just a spurt, no big deal." Chloe whispered enthusiastically. "My panties are all wet, maybe there's even a small spot on my pants, it felt kinda good."

Hearing this, arousal immediately washed over Luna.

She moved her hands down sliding along Chloe's thigh... she wanted to know if she could feel any wetness on Chloe's crotch, while what they were doing was completely obscured by the blanket they were sharing. Just in case if there were any onlookers.

Without saying anything Chloe shifted a little bit, opening her legs so Luna could let her hand slide over her crotch.

Luna confirmed not feeling any wetness, "Don't worry, I can't feel anything so it won't be visible either."

"I can't really describe this feeling right now, I just want to do some more in my pants right here and not worry too much, actually the idea of being seen turns me on even more." Chloe whispered, followed by another sigh, "Hm... aaaah...."

Luna was too stunned to react immediately while she continued to let her hand caress Chloe's crotch and felt wetness leaking through her pants, she could slowly feel a small wet spot grow on Chloe's crotch.

"Holy shit, yea now your crotch has a wet spot alright, are you sure about wetting your pants in front of Ian and Joey?"

"Maybe you're right and we should go and find a toilet because I'm starting to enjoy this way too much, maybe you should tell me to stop before I soak my pants completely!" Chloe lightheartedly admitted, "Although, it feels so innocent....like it's not a big deal if I do a little more...."

Before Luna could even think about what Chloe was saying, let alone react and tell her to stop (even if she wanted to) the wet spot started growing bigger on Chloe's pants, Luna could feel it with her hand still on Chloe's crotch. Chloe was letting out more in her pants, although this was more than a spurt. Luna could feel the warmth linger on her hand, wetness spreading over Chloe's crotch while the warmth slowly faded while her pee was absorbing in the fabric.

"Omg you're soaking your pants, that's gonna be so visible!" Luna felt like exploding from arousal, "Fuck, knowing you're peeing makes me need to pee even more."

"Just relax and let go, stop overthinking it." Chloe explained in a dreamy voice, "It's fine if they see it, just pee if you want to..."

Chloe moved closer to Luna and whispered in her ear,

"Just let it out if you feel like it........Aaahh"

She could hear Chloe let out a sigh next to her and Luna knew what came next, arousal hit her like a truck when she could feel the sudden warm glow against her hand followed by a feint hissing sound emanating from under the blanket, within a second Chloe's pee was soaking through the fabric of her pants and over Luna's fingers and hand, streaming down into their seat.

"...Like this...."

For several seconds Luna could feel how her girlfriend was letting out a stream of pee... confidently soaking her pants right next to her, Chloe stopped her stream followed by Luna feeling the warm glow fade away on her hand.

With a dreamy voice Chloe whispered, "Aaahh that felt nice, even my butt got all wet and warm."

There was no way she could hide what she had done for the others once she would stand up.

"Girls!! Anyone thirsty!?" Ian shouted loudly as he walked out of the bar and back to their seating area followed by Joey, each carrying fresh drinks.

Luna and Chloe gave each other a meaningful look, biting on the side of their lip, they accepted their fresh drinks while both trying to hide their shaky hands from sheer arousal of what Chloe had just done.

They started sipping from the drinks as nonchalantly as possible. Pretending nothing unusual had happened just now, proof being hidden by only a thin blanket. A couple minutes later Peyton and Liv returned.

"We're back!!! And look who we brought along!" Peyton said out loud,

At her side was Liv, followed by Vicky and Selena.

"Sorry guy's we took our sweet time, we bumped into some new friends we made yesterday and started talking." Vicky announced.

"It was Zeke and Vanessa, you know, from in the hot tub yesterday!" Selena explained,

"Oh, what did they say?" Luna asked curiously while trying to sound nonchalant.

"They asked if we wanted to join them in a... well lets say a more peculiar bar here on the ship." Vicky replied mysteriously.

Vicky nor Selena were hesitant about elaborating what the bar was about and where it was so the others quickly dropped it.

Once everyone got their fresh drink and was sitting down they all continued chatting, it was now Vicky and Selena's turn to sum up their own experiences on the cruise. While conveniently letting out the parts where they wet their pants.

While half listening to the conversation Luna let her hand slide back in between Chloe's legs while hidden from view by the blanket, feeling her now soaking wet crotch that was starting to cool off by now. Chloe's bold but secretive wetting was turning them both on like crazy.

Just seconds later Luna could feel another short stream of warm pee flowing through Chloe's pants, making her crotch warm up again to fade again seconds later.

Luna was baffled at how bold Chloe was being right now, she had underestimated how little she really cared that other people saw her wet herself. In the middle of the conversation she could feel how Chloe went for another long spurt in her pants, carelessly adding more wetness.

Vicky and Selena seemed to be done summing up their experiences when Ian suddenly blurted out, and finally addressed the elephant in the room.

"I noticed you bunch of girls don't seem to be very fazed by the weird toilet rotations!" Ian started, "I'm really surprised, we've seen so many girls struggle and have accidents all the time."

"Hah! Or you're leaving out the parts in your stories where you had accidents!!" Joey suddenly followed up and confronted them, thinking he had caught them by surprise.

They all giggled hearing the accusation, even Peyton giggled knowing she had had a couple of accidents herself already.

Ian comforted the others, "He's joking, it's no big deal if you had a couple of accidents, on this crazy cruise most people would have at least one accident at some point so don't be embarrassed about it!"

Selena now answered vaguely, "Well... lets say it might have happened here and there at some point."

"Were they really accidents though? I mean technically speaking..." Vicky corrected,

"Hey it's fine really, accidents happen, no reason to be embarrassed about it!" Ian and Joey intertwined and waved it away,

Luna immediately understood that Ian and Joey had completely misunderstood what Vicky meant, they thought Vicky was trying to hide the fact they had done accidents while she was very much referring to just relieving her bladder multiple times in her pants on purpose over the course of the cruise, which technically weren't really accidents.

Just when Luna had gotten hope that Ian and Joey were ok with it...Her bladder was bursting and she needed to pee.

"But for fuck sake man, what's going on with women just pissing their pants without even TRYING to go to the toilet, it's so fucking weird!" Joey almost shouted while throwing his hands in the air,

Ian immediately added, "It's baffling how we've seen multiple women, well mostly women, seemingly just peeing their pants on purpose. Like what the fuck is wrong with some people??"

Liv suddenly spoke up, "I know right!! It's like everyone is acting it's all normal to just use your clothes as a toilet while people act like I'm the crazy one for saying it's not normal!!"

Selena tried to reason, "But it's allowed though, so if people go and find a toilet, find a spot to squat, or just decide to go in their pants is their own decision no?"

"And you don't think it's weird that they choose to go in their pants?" Ian immediately countered, "Accidents is understandable, but grown ass adults deliberately pissing their pants on purpose is all kinds of fucked up!"

"But if someone knows she's not going to be able to make it in time, isn't it more convenient for them to stop trying to hold it, accept it and just go in their pants?" Vicky argumented, "That still counts as an accident right?"

"Of course that's not an accident! It's just weird that people would voluntarily pee in their clothes!" Liv countered,

"But what's the difference?" Selena countered back, "In both cases you end up with wet pants anyway!?"

The debate was heating up with Ian, Joey and Liv taking one side, Luna quickly dubbed them as the "Normies".

Meanwhile Luna couldn't believe it, once again she could feel her girlfriends crotch warm up again with fresh pee streaming in her pants, against her hand and down into their seat. Chloe was once again peeing herself, not at all impressed with the commotion that was happening in front of them, she really didn't care any more and was relieving herself in her pants in the middle of the debate.

Luna her heartbeat was beating like crazy in her chest, feeling her girlfriend shamelessly continue to soak her pants in front of her classmates while this time she didn't seem to stop, Luna felt the wet warmth continue to soak through Chloe's crotch... she was letting her bladder run empty right here where she was sitting.

Luna could feel the first wetness creeping under her butt... Chloe her pee was starting to pool in their seat which had now reached her own butt, wetting her jeans shorts and leggings, arousal was spiking even higher...making her mouth feel dry...fluttering feelings where coursing through her body.

"And what if people already had an accident in their pants and now they're walking in wet pants, is it weird if they pee in them again, or do you want them to still go and stand in line to find a toilet in soaked pants?" Vicky threw another argument in the debate, this time the Normies team had to debate amongst themselves if this was acceptable behaviour.

"Well obviously you go change clothes in your room and then further on try to not have an accident anymore!"

The sudden feeling of relief washed over Luna, it suddenly came out of nowhere but it was so strong it almost overwhelmed her followed by a warm and wet sensation that was spreading in her own lap...

The sudden realisation hit her... her bladder had finally relaxed without her noticing it, out of reflex she stopped her flow...

Of course she was too late, she knew that very well. Her crotch felt warm and wet while her butt was getting further soaked with Chloe's pee each passing second. And yet Luna felt perfectly calm knowing she had just done an accident in her fresh shorts in front of her friends, only hidden by a mere blanket.

The debate was still going at full speed.

She could barely hear it with the sound of her friends talking, like a low whisper that reached Luna's ear. Chloe announced that she was done peeing.

"Aaah" Chloe whispered in her ear, "That felt amazing."

Luna could feel how her bladder was protesting, now that she had started it was harder to hold it... but she had no more fucks to give, her pants were already wet anyway... she completely succumbed, she further reclined in Chloe's embrace, rested her head on Chloe's shoulder... and relaxed her sore bladder completely, not intending to stop until her bladder was fully relieved.

She gladly welcomed the warm sensation that was flowing in her lap and down into her seat, her pussy got engulfed in a warm glow, within seconds that warm glow was extending down and pooled around her butt.

While relishing the sensation a thought went through Luna's mind, "Why did I even wait so long? Chloe was right, I should just pee when I want to pee. It feels too good not too."

The Normies tried to make an example by telling a small story:

Ian continued: "Earlier we went to the arcade, there was a toilet literally outside of the entrance and..."

"How long was the line though?" Selena intertwined,

Joey quickly filled in, "I don't know, maybe a couple minutes? Does it even matter?"

"There were two girls next to our cabinet playing a different game when we could both hear them ask each other if they felt like standing in line for the toilet or not." Ian told his story, "Next thing we know we see both these girls spread their feet and blatantly wet their pants right next to us, they didn't even care that we saw them doing it!"

"Honestly I thought it was pretty funny," Joey laughed and immediately added while being serious, "but still super weird!"

Aside from the Normies everyone giggled hearing this story.

"They were probably children or something?!" Selena questioned,

"Hell no! They were our age!" Joey corrected,

Everyone laughed even harder, hearing these two young women wanting to play the arcade games and rather soak their pants then go stand in line.

"Sure it's their own pants, they can wet them if they want I guess. It just weirds me out that people are doing it deliberately!" Joey concluded,

The debate was coming to it's close, the consensus was that the Normies still thought it was weird but agreed in the end it was everyone's own decision what to do or not do in their pants.

Meanwhile Luna was done peeing, both girls were sitting in soaking wet pants with still warm pee from both of them slowly soak into their lounge seat. They had been wetting their pants and seat during the whole debate that went about "whether wetting your pants is weird or not", the irony hadn't escaped them.

Liv suddenly spoke up asking, "Are you two not bursting to pee by now? We've been sitting here for a while now."

"Yea I was just wondering about that as well, or are your bladders made out of steel or something?" Ian added,

Everyone suddenly looked at Luna and Chloe, Luna wasn't sure what to answer so instead Chloe answered bluntly.

"Not anymore."

Oh boy here we go. What was going on with Chloe being so bold today!

Liv facepalmed, already knowing what they had done.

Vicky, Selena and Peyton all started laughing, also knowing what they had done.

Ian and Joey had a distinct look of confusion on their face, trying to fit the puzzle pieces together and coming to the only possible conclusion.

"You two are joking right?" Ian questioned,

Joey started laughing, thinking it was a joke "Hahaha, ok now that's a good one! ...Wait, you're serious?"

Well there was nothing Luna could do to change this outcome, might as well own it.

"It was more convenient to go in our pants, does it help if I say it was an accident?" Luna declared.

"No, I don't believe it, you have to be joking, why would you two just... I don't know.... pee your pants like that??" Ian added,

Liv confirmed while still facepalming, "I'm afraid they're serious."

Vicky and Selena were both sitting with a grin on their face, knowing what Luna and Chloe had done, they probably had been wondering about the situation right now as well, debating if they should get up and find a toilet... or not.

On top of that, Vicky had denim dungarees on, if Luna didn't know any better Vicky probably hadn't planned on going to the toilet anyway knowing it's a hassle getting them off.

Vicky was laying on her side in a duo seat all for herself, it looked like she was laying very comfortable and relaxed.

Although she was sometimes bobbing her leg up and down while laying in the lounge seat, she looked like she needed to pee already.

"Lighten up guys, do you know how time consuming it is to go find a toilet every single time for us girls?" Vicky said,

Liv quickly remarked, "No shit, especially if you wear dungarees, isn't that a pain in the ass to take off everytime you need to pee?"

"I wasn't planning on taking them off..." Vicky casually said without missing a beat.

Everyone had heard her say it, knew what this meant, but nobody found the words to react, meaning everyone was just staring at Vicky while not knowing what to say.

Vicky stopped bobbing her leg, lifted it up, spreading her legs so everyone could get a view of her crotch... where a wet spot suddenly started to grow.

They could all clearly see how the denim was turning into a darker shade of blue, expanding over her crotch. Within seconds streaks of pee were already going down her sides and into her seat.

The denim was getting completely soaked, turning sparkly under the lights that were shining on them, they could all see how pee was flowing down and pooling in the seat Vicky was laying in, calmly relieving herself while answering the question from Joey earlier.

"So to come back on your question, no technically I haven't had any accidents on the trip so far! It was deliberate every time."

The Normies where in shock seeing Vicky wet her pants in full view without missing a beat while the others were laughing their asses off.

Vicky while being nonchalant, completely relieved herself in her dungarees and seat, and once she was done and let out a "Aaah" she grabbed her drink and took a sip like nothing had happened.

The others where still giggling while Vicky added some more fuel, "It's way more convenient to pee like this instead of playing the doctor his little toilet battleroyal game, I think that's the whole purpose of this cruise if you hadn't noticed yet."

Peyton hadn't really said much this entire time, she had just watched how this situation unfolded in front of her, already knowing it was probably gonna go like this. But now she threw in her own view of the situation.

"Guys, it's their choice if they want go about it this way, and to be fair, it's safe to say they'll have done way more activities than us because we wasted so much time searching and simply waiting in line for toilets. It's allowed on the ship and it's not like it's harmful or anything like that, so let people decide for themselves how they deal with the toilet situation. Thanks for coming to my Ted talk."

Luna was impressed with the 180° turn Peyton had made since a few days ago. She was the one that got upset about them wetting their pants at the party just days ago.

Peyton ended her little Ted talk while shrugging, grabbed her drink and took a sip, as if to say this was the end of the debate.

Joey and Ian were still perplexed by everything happening around them, both mumbling, "Never thought to see you girls do anything like that. I can't believe you're just... just going in... just peeing yourselves..."

With that the guys and Liv had realised there was no point in continuing the debate, knowing they couldn't win and the others had already made up their mind. The debate cooled down quickly.

The topic quickly changed to how this cruise and it's systems was actually controlled, and if it was the doctor or someone else doing it... they happily started guessing how the ship was being run behind the scenes.

Meanwhile Selena her gaze was going from left to right, checking if the coast was now clear, it seemed everyone had cooled down and had accepted the situation.

She was glad because she really needed to pee, knowing the coast was now clear she gladly relaxed and reclined in her chair while listening to the others their conversation. She was glad she had one of the blankets to cover herself.

She was hesitant about doing it in the company of Joey and Ian which they normally aren't really friends with at school, but seeing how the situation panned out she had made her decision. Seconds later relief washed over her when she finally relaxed her bursting bladder into her jeans, welcoming the warm glow in her crotch that she had gotten so used to by now and fully relished the moment. While relieving herself she could feel the warm sensation spreading under her butt and soak into her jeans and seat, meanwhile loving the ice cold drink she had in her hand, taking sips from it while she was still peeing.

She felt glad that she didn't need to go all the way to the toilet and go stand in line, going in her pants was definitely becoming a new habit here on the cruise ship.

__________________________

Vicky and Selena seemed to have forgotten their hangover from last night and were back to drinking one cocktail after the other, Luna and Chloe kept it more simple and stayed with alcohol free drinks for the evening.

It was their turn to go and get a round of drinks, without hesitating Luna and Chloe got up, for the first time showing off their soaked jeans shorts and beige pants to the others. With their little secret already revealed earlier Luna didn't feel any shame in what she had done, after all she was convinced that wetting your pants was now simply accepted on the ship. And the people that didn't accept it were in the minority anyway!

"Nice wet stains!" Vicky joked,

Luna jokingly bowed, as if accepting her gratitude. Chloe even went for a twirl, to be sure everyone got a good look on the massive wet stain on her butt paired with a smaller one on the front.

They made their way to the bar, going inside and gave their order for drinks, Luna leaned a little bit on the bar while waiting with Chloe.

She crossed her legs in the meantime, feet together, holding her pee. They had been been sitting for a while having one drink after another and her bladder had filled up again. The thought had crossed her mind earlier to just relax and soak her seat again, but she was playing with the idea of rewetting her pants here while standing at the bar, the complete freedom of when and where she was gonna release the contents of her bladder were entertaining her.

While they waited for the bartender to finish their order her eyes met with Chloe's, an almost instantaneous smile turned on Chloe's face.

Luna was perplexed, "What?"

"Nothing!" Chloe's smile got even bigger, "I'm just happy!"

Luna giggled, she immediately felt herself warm up on the inside seeing how genuinely happy Chloe was.

"Although, lately Selena and Vicky are always with us, I don't mind them, but I do miss it when it's just the two of us." Chloe admitted,

Luna leaned in on Chloe and whispered back, "I know what you mean, what about this, lets just finish our drinks and go to our room?"

"And does that mean I get you all for myself?" Chloe answered mischievously with another whisper.

"Yep!" Luna couldn't ignore Chloe's sparkly eyes when she had said it and went in for a kiss, she knew her friends could probably see them kiss from their seating area but she did it anyway.

While Luna and Chloe ordered non alcoholic drinks the others had all ordered cocktails so it took a while for the bartender to make them, meanwhile while waiting they kept being flirtatious with each other. When suddenly she could hear a feint hissing sound coming from Chloe.

Luna her gaze shot down to Chloe's crotch.

The wet spot on the front of Chloe's beige pants suddenly turned shiny and started expanding, followed by pee cascading down her thighs. Without saying anything Chloe was rewetting her pants, this time while standing which meant the front and thighs of her pants were getting soaked.

Without changing her stance or saying anything Luna let her own bladder relax, while still standing with her legs crossed she could quickly feel her warm pee flowing down her legs, soaking her leggings as well as feeling it run into her shoes.

She didn't mind and emptied her bladder completely standing like this, loving the warm wetness that was collecting inside her shoes.

With a glance down she confirmed they were making two big puddles on the carpet in front of the bar, with a quick glance around the bar they confirmed nobody was paying them any attention. It wasn't too crowded either and it also wasn't all too well lit. Even if people had seen it, Luna didn't really mind anymore. There were even people standing right next to her at the bar, but they were in a conversation it seemed.

Without a care in the world they had completely emptied their bladders right there in front of the bar counter... thinking nobody had seen it when suddenly both Luna and Chloe could clearly hear a splattering sound coming from beside them.

Their gazes shot to their side and they could both see how a guy was standing next to them with his dick out and pissing against the bar counter...

"Excuse me girls, I also needed a leak," The guy drunkenly announced, "I saw you girls pee but didn't feel like going in my pants like you gals do."

Both girls giggled when they saw the guy flashing his dick and peeing against the counter, just then the bartender got their order ready and they quickly took off and back to their seats, surprised and still giggling at what they had seen.

They sat back on their seats and Luna and Chloe explained what they had just seen the guy do, to their surprise nobody was really impressed.

"Yea we've done that a couple of times as well." Ian nonchalantly explained, "If you look closer you'll notice some of the bars on the ship are equipped with counters that have the carpet reach up on the side of the counter exactly for that reason!"

"Wait, that's like inviting men to piss against the counter?" Liv spoke up bewildered, "Why do us girls don't get anything like that? We don't get those privileges!"

Before Ian nor Joey could reply, Vicky and Chloe had already opened their mouth,

"You can always go in your...."

Liv cut them both off, "No I won't!"

Luna was once again surprised by the weird accommodations she kept discovering on the ship. They further enjoyed the company and finished their drinks, quickly followed by another round as Ian and Joey convinced them to drink another one.

Since they had gotten back it was now Chloe who was leaning in Luna's embrace, while Luna could feel how Chloe's hands were carefully caressing her soaking wet thighs of her leggings, sometimes going over her crotch, all obscured by the blanket so the others won't notice. Meanwhile Luna was fidgeting with Chloe's hair this time.

"Alright guys, one more!"

"Oh really you don't have to!" Luna asked,

It was already too late, a bit later they got another fresh drink... The girls wanted to go to their room, they were craving some alone time.

Luna gulped down her last drink and noticed how Chloe immediately did the same,

"Alright it's getting late, we're heading to our room! Goodnight!" Luna squeeled,

"See ya!"

It was maybe a little bit abrupt but the girls were both looking forward to some private time right now, they got up and left while waving the others goodbye.

Luna and Chloe were both out of hearing range when Ian and Joey asked,

"So wait... I feel like... are they gonna...?"

Both Peyton and Liv acknowledged,

"Yea they left because they want to fuck." Liv said,

Peyton added while grinning, "Lets hope their neighbour isn't gonna be too mad this time!"

Both Peyton and Liv started laughing their asses off while Ian and Joey's curiosity got spiked, wanting to hear this juicy story... and they had plenty of time left anyway.

________________________________________

They were speed walking towards the elevator, repeatedly hitting the button of the elevator while waiting for it to arrive, hoping that would make it go faster.

One seemingly, but annoyingly slow elevator ride later they got out and made their way to their room. Smacking their keycard into the slot to open their door.

"Finally she had Chloe for herself..." That was the only thought that was going through her mind right now, the only thing that mattered.

Once inside, they locked the door and Luna went up to Chloe and threw her arms around her, starting to kiss her, slower but more passionate than yesterday.

Even though they had almost sprinted to their room, and unlike their drunk love making from last night, this time they went slower...

Caressing each other, slowly taking it in and enjoying the experience.

While taking their sweet time, Chloe started undressing Luna while teasing her. Luna let her do her thing, and before she knew it she was left in only her soggy panties.

Chloe was gazing at Luna's almost naked body, hands caressing wherever she wanted.

For now Luna wanted to give her free reign and let her explore as much as she wanted, and to her delight that's exactly what Chloe was doing, caressing Luna's soft skin, clad with only soggy panties. Luna's desire was only increasing when Chloe gently started to fondle her bare chest... they hadn't even moved away from the door yet...

While she started to guide Chloe towards their bed, Luna could feel how her soggy panties were already getting pulled down by Chloe, she stopped her, teasing her with just giving her a glimpse before pulling them back up, which Chloe tried to protest.

After playfully struggling Chloe let herself drop on the bed followed by Luna who started to undress Chloe, removing her clothes layer by layer, her shirt and bra were quickly gone when she started pulling down Chloe's pee stained beige pants, revealing her light blue panties underneath that she had seen her put on earlier, but now they had a big wet patch turned to dark blue. Result and proof of boldly wetting herself two times earlier.

Luna wasn't gonna go easy on her, all day she had secretly been thinking back on their drunk love making last night, fantasizing about it, thinking about how the next time would go... that paired with her horniness that followed from having wet her pants so many times today, she had legit lost count at this point how many times she had pissed herself in full view of other people.

Sex was the only thing going through her mind right now and this time she was gonna do Chloe properly... Seeing her half naked laying in front of her with still pissy panties on had almost made her forget what she had fantasized about...

But no, Luna had planned out what she was gonna do this time.

Carefully she caressed Chloe's almost naked body, giving her kisses on her mouth... neck... going down and exploring her chest with her tongue, licking and sucking on Chloe's nipples, while slowly rubbing her crotch through her still soggy panties. Knowing they were wet with more than just Chloe's pee at this point was only pushing both girls closer to their edge.

Luna felt like she had done enough teasing to move to the next stage of her plan, letting her hand slide in Chloe's panties, feeling the sopping wet mess that was down there. Rubbing Chloe's clit, that quickly followed with her reaching for her pillow in an attempt at using it to muffle her moaning, she was only getting louder and louder as they continued their love making.

Now Luna got to her next and final stage, finishing her off... without warning she moved down and pulled Chloe's panties to the side, stuck one finger inside and started fingering her while licking and sucking her clit, with every stroke Luna did she could feel Chloe squirm and shudder while she was almost screaming in her pillow. Chloe's vagina was tensing up around Luna's finger while she could feel hot liquid gush over her hand and sheets.

Just like Luna had planned she finished off Chloe who was screaming in her pillow while juices where gushing out of her, arching her back and losing herself in overwhelming pleasure that was coursing through her body. Even when Chloe was trembling in the aftermath of her orgasm, juices were still flowing out and on to the bed, starting to make a serious wet patch on the mattress... not that it mattered much, knowing the bed could take it and much more than that...

"HOLY FUCK LUNA!"

"Sssshhh!" Luna tried to silence her.

Both girls got to laying next to each other while calming down, Luna noticed how there was a sparkle in Chloe's eyes that hadn't been there earlier, she looked even cuter with her reddened face.

It didn't take long or Chloe started her move, while Luna completely gave in to her and whatever she wanted to do with her, it didn't take long or Luna felt her panties getting pulled off by a greedy Chloe.

Turns out Chloe was out for revenge...

It didn't take long or Luna had also grasped for a pillow, every fiber of her body was getting bombarded with bolts of arousal that were coursing through her like electricity. Chloe was out on a mission... one to make her orgasm like she had never experienced in her life before, with almost surgical precision she was touching her in all the right spots, pushing her to the edge at an alarming rate.

Her bladder that had been filling more and more, to the point she was bursting, was only pushing her arousal more. When Chloe started to eat out her pussy, sucking on her clit, she was getting Luna closer and closer to orgasm... and to losing control of her bladder.

"Stop! I need to pee... I won't hold it!" Luna pleaded, not wanting to lose control in her girlfriends face.

Chloe didn't stop, she only turned it up a notch, sticking her tongue deep inside her vagina, twirling and hitting all the right spots.

Luna could feel Chloe deep inside her and was gonna make her come any second now... she could feel it coming... the pressure was becoming too much, she couldn't stop it anymore, it's all gonna come out!

Luna succumbed to the pleasure and just let it happen... Chloe had moved her mouth out of the way just in time so she didn't get a mouth full of pee, although she was still sitting right in front of Luna. The purest sensation of relief washed over Luna as her bladder relaxed and she peed all over the bed and Chloe... who calmly followed up by rubbing circles over Luna's clit and told her in a calm demeanour,

"Don't stop, just let it out..."

Chloe didn't even try to get out of the way and just stayed seated, pleasuring her girlfriend by massaging her peeing pussy, causing Luna's pee stream to go all over Chloe's legs and crotch, further soaking her own panties with Luna's pee. The fact she was getting soaked by Luna peeing all over her didn't seem to faze her at all.

Midstream Luna had breached her absolute limit, her orgasm bouldered over her making her own body going limb. Pee was still streaming out of her while she was spasming and shuddering in delight, she couldn't stop even if she wanted too.

The bed was already soaked by the time Luna got control back over her bladder, no point in stopping now... she let the rest just flow in bed until her bladder was fully empty... Meanwhile Chloe still didn't move out of the way and was slowly massaging Luna's pussy, letting her pee stream over her hands while doing so.

"HOLY FUCK CHLOE!!"

"Sssshhhh!" Chloe motioned with a grin on her face.

Luna was still heavily panting while Chloe came and laid next to her, and noticed how soaking wet she was down from her middle.

"Oh god I'm so sorry!" Luna said apologetic, realising she had peed all over her girlfriend just now.

"It's alright," Chloe immediately assured, "If I'm completely honest... it felt kinda hot."

Chloe her blue panties which earlier had a big wet patch from her wettings during the evening were now completely soaked and had no discernible dry patch left from what she could see. To her own surprise Luna could feel herself getting horny again seeing Chloe like this, how was this even possible hadn't she had enough yet?

Staring at Chloe's face who was lying right next to her... Luna realised she wasn't the only one who was feeling horny still... she could see the lust in Chloe's eyes... they kissed followed by Chloe whispering a sudden... but intimate question.

"Tell me a secret fantasy of yours." Chloe whispered,

"Huh, what? Uhm...." Luna stammered,

She got completely caught off guard... well she did have one but no way she would ever say that out loud... or at least that's what she previously had in mind... but after what had just happened, how she had just peed all over Chloe... and to her big surprise she had just let it happen as well.

"Only if you tell me yours" Luna whispered back.

"Sure, but you first," Chloe insisted, her eyes twinkling with intrigue and desire.

Luna swallowed hard, her heart racing with the thought of revealing her deepest desire. Unbelievable as it was, she was considering saying it out loud.

Chloe leaned in closer, her lips brushing against Luna's ear, "Just say it to my ear, I promise I won't tell anyone."

After a moment of silent deliberation, Luna thought, 'Fuck it.' After everything they had shared during the cruise, this felt like the least of their secrets. She moved closer, her lips grazing Chloe's ear as she whispered her fantasy.

A grin spread across Chloe's face from ear to ear upon hearing Luna's confession. "Of course it is," she said with a knowing laugh.

With a swift, fluid motion, Chloe lifted herself up, swinging one leg over Luna to straddle her. She gave Luna a single, teasing kiss on her lips before whispering, "Enjoy," her voice thick with promise.

Luna's heart skipped several beats, her body trembling with anticipation, knowing what was about to follow. She was more than ready for this. Her hand moved to feel the soaking wet crotch of Chloe's panties, which hovered just above her own. The fabric was cold and wet to the touch at first, but then she felt the warmth, the unmistakable flow of pee through Chloe's already saturated underwear. Luna withdrew her hand, allowing the warm stream to cascade freely, feeling the droplets dribble onto her bare skin, trickling down her own pussy, igniting her senses.

Midstream, Chloe, with a mischievous smile, pulled her panties to the side, spreading her labia to aim her stream directly at Luna. The feeling of Chloe's warm liquid pouring over her stomach and chest was euphoric, unlike anything Luna had experienced before. The pee spread across her skin, the warmth spreading like a comforting blanket, making her skin tingle with delight. The bed beneath them grew increasingly damp, the sheets soaking up the excess.

The sound of the pee hitting Luna's body, the hiss of the stream, filled the room, mingling with their heavy breathing. Luna watched, mesmerized, as the liquid flowed, some of it pooling on her belly before cascading down her sides, further saturating the bed.

As the stream continued, Luna's arousal was palpable; she began to finger herself, each touch amplified by the sensation of the warm pee. The only thing that mattered was the exquisite sensation of being showered by Chloe, who was emptying her bladder all over her and the bed.

Finally, as Chloe's stream began to taper off, Luna felt the orgasm building within her, spurred by the combination of the physical sensation and the emotional release of sharing such a deeply personal fantasy. The climax hit her like a wave, her body arching off the now thoroughly soaked bed, her mind blank with pleasure, the moment etched into her memory as one of the most euphoric experiences of her life. She moaned long and load while she could feel her juices gush all over the bed.

____________________________

When Luna had finally recovered she wanted to repay Chloe for this experience...

"So what's your secret fantasy?" Luna asked curiously while whispering,

Chloe started teasing, "Oh you would like to know that huh?"

Luna was intending to fulfil Chloe's secret fantasy to the best of her abilities, it didn't matter what it would be, she would try to be open minded about it no matter what it is, even if it's the last thing she did... she was ready for anything!

Chloe playfully teased her a little further, trying to postpone the moment she finally admitted her fantasy...

"Like what I would think about when masturbating?" Chloe whispered,

"Yes!"

Chloe slowly crawled next to her, got close to her ear when she finally whispered.

"You."

"What? Unfair!" Luna blurted out, "That doesn't count!"

"But it's true!"

They laughed about this for a while with Luna now teasing Chloe, teasing turned into kissing... which quickly turned into more... Luna now taking the lead again and they went into another round of love making.

______________________

Both completely and utterly satisfied with their nightly love making, in the aftermath they were still cuddling and enjoying each other's company in a still wet bed.

Although to both their surprise they could already feel the mattress starting to absorb their pee, starting the drying process.

Luna got out of bed and pulled a naked Chloe with her while announcing, "Shower time!"

They took their time and showered together, the plan was that by the time they were done showering they could go to sleep in a mostly dry bed.

______________________

Meanwhile....

Both Joey and Ian had left already, while the girls had gotten a couple more drinks, getting more and more tipsy, while Vicky and Selena announced the next step of the evening.

Selena: "Are you guys coming along? Zeke said it was a really cool bar!"

Vicky: "I'm also curious to check it out, Vanessa, Zeke's girlfriend said it can get pretty steamy!"

Peyton: "Hold on, why are you two so mysterious about this bar?"

Liv: "What are we supposed to expect from this place exactly?"

Selena: "Apparently it's +18 only!"

Peyton and Liv now caught on what kind of bar they were talking about,

"OOOooohh, it's that kind of bar!"

Chapter 27-01 (bonus)

Luna wasn’t even sure what exactly happened in the morning, but shortly after both waking up they soon found themselves getting all hot and bothered, resulting in a sudden unexpected round of steamy sex.

Luna was laying on her back, getting her pussy eaten out by Chloe while she could feel herself losing control over her bursting bladder.

This time she didn’t even ask to stop and was planning on simply letting it happen, Luna simply announced, “I can’t hold it anymore!”

Followed by Chloe pulling back and pee spraying all over the bed once again. Luna had no reason anymore to hold back so she just let it flow… and emptied her bladder completely in bed while Chloe kept massaging her clit. Just seconds later Luna felt herself reaching her climax, almost getting overwhelmed by a hefty orgasm.

Luna felt like she was losing her mind, she was in a constant state of horniness, and everytime her orgasm faded, afterwards it seemed to return her horniness relentlessly…

The girls finally got out of bed when they had enough, taking a morning shower together… even though they had showered before going to bed, after their wake up sex it was needed as both of them and the bed got soaked in Luna’s morning pee.

Luna now felt completely comfortable being in a romantic relationship with another girl, and for the first time in her life understanding what the saying meant “Like horny teenagers…”… they enjoyed their warm shower together, which happened to involve some light teasing from one another… which turned into kissing that evolved into something more… They ended up pausing their shower and had sex right there in the bathroom…

Chloe was leaning on the sink with one foot on top of it while Luna was fingering her hard, hearing Chloe moaning louder and louder, getting her closer and closer to her climax.

Luna could feel it… with her fingers inside her she could feel how Chloe relaxed… Luna didn’t stop and was on a mission of making her girlfriend come, a second later pee jetted out of Chloe, spraying it around in the bathroom and on Luna, that didn’t stop her from finishing Chloe, making her climax when she was still mid stream…

Chloe didn’t even bother stopping her stream and with a loud splattering noise emptied her entire bladder in the middle of the bathroom floor, letting it spray and splatter everywhere.

“Ok maybe that wasn’t the best idea…” Chloe said apologetic while looking at the aftermath,

The bathroom was a mess… the whole bathroom floor was covered in Chloe’s piss, it had even sprayed on the walls and door.

They laughed it off and started cleaning it up, once done they jumped back into the shower to finally finish what they had started.

“I can’t feel my pussy anymore, lets have a break and go eat something?” Chloe said jokingly while showering,

Luna answered while laughing, “Same! I got a text earlier from Selena asking to go eat something for lunch.”

“Good idea I’m starving!”

But now… what to wear?

Both girls had their remaining clothes laid out in front of them, letting their gaze go over what was left of pants, skirts and shorts.

They didn’t have all that much choice any more in what to wear until the cleaning service would do it’s rounds.

But still, the first thought that crossed Luna’s mind was…

“Which is gonna be the most fun to wet in?”
