Call centre

Author: katie-kelly

*000*2011-12-26 11:56

Asita, a woman about 23 years, from the outer villages day began 5.00am. She'd just awoken and made a dash to the bathroom before family members started to stir.

Her routine included getting showered, makeup and getting dressed. Today she wore a purple saree, with flat sandals. Just before leaving the house for her days work, she paid a visit to the loo. she didn't want to go, but she knew that the day ahead would provide no opportunity to get to a toilet. she worked for a rich family in Mumbai, who owned a call centre. Chandraki was the head boss. Asita hovered over the toilet, straining, until she was sure every last drop had escaped her bladder.

The job she had, included taking calls and general admin. Chandraki, was a woman of 47 years. she usually wore a comfortable saree, with flat sandals. Her build was slightly plump and she wore big round glasses. She usually only let employees use the loo at her discretion, preferring them to hang on and take more calls. Asita was well aware of this and by now, had a well trained cast iron bladder. She could hang on all day if necessary, and usually dashed straight to the bus station loos after work, before the long commute home.

Most days, by lunchtime Asita's bladder was so full, it protruded her saree, against the contrast of her tiny frame figure.

Commuting to Chandraki's entailed a 20 minute walk to the bus stop, which then took 2 hours to get to the city. During the bus trip, Asita, changed her shoes from comfy flat sandals, to a modest 3 1/2 inch high heeled sandal. Not because she wanted too, more that Chandraki had insisted this dress code at the interview.

As the bus turned into Mahatma Gandhi Road, Asita rose to her feet, perched on tiny thin stiletto sandals, not quite visable due to the length of her beautiful saree. She continued standing, holding an upright bar, ankles constantly twitching to maintain her balance. The bus came to an abrupt stop, sending Asita tippy toe forward, reaching for anything to regain stabilty. A young office girl, grabbed her arm and steadied her. Looking at her high heeled feet, she gave a sort of laugh, seeing this womans predicament and challenge just to maintain balance.

At last it was Asita's stop. Carefully negotiating the bus steps, Asita, dismounted the bus, continuing to totter along the street to the Khans' house.

As Asita walked up the long driveway, Chandraki, sitting by the pool could already here Asita click, clacking in her awkward high heels. Good morning Chandraki she shouted. Chandraki gave a nod, and pointed to the teapot on a table alongside the pool.

