Sibling rivalry

Author: Guest KTV

*000*2016-06-13 23:55

Chapter 1

As Will woke up, he could immediately tell that it was still the middle of the night. And just a split second later, he felt that horrible, familiar sensation: his pyjamas clinging tightly to his crotch and thighs, and warm wetness beneath his bum and all around his lower half. He reached down tentatively beneath his duvet, telling himself hopefully that maybe it was just sweat, but his heart sank as he felt the large wet area on his bedsheet, all around where he was lying.

He swung his legs out of bed, and sat on the edge for a few moments - so cross with himself for doing this again. He flicked on his bedside lamp, and although he didn't pull back his duvet, not wanting to see the damage underneath, he could now see that his pyjamas were soaked right down to the knees, and there was even a crescent of wetness around the bottom hem of his pyjama top. He'd clearly peed a lot.

As always, he spent a few moments thinking of far-fetched plans for how he could somehow hide what he'd done, or about taking this moment to just run away and never come back so that he'd never have to admit it - but he knew there was not really any way out of it, and that he'd have to just get on with telling his parents.

He stood up, and slowly made his way out of his bedroom and into the hall. It was dark, but he knew exactly where the door to his parents bedroom was. He shuffled slowly in that direction, hating the way the wet pyjamas felt as they clung to him - particularly the embarrassing way that they outlined the part of his body that had just let him down so badly.

Nervously chewing his bottom lip, Will pushed the door open and could see the shape of his parents sleeping in their bed. "Dad", he called out quietly. There was no response. Will took a couple of steps further into the room, and spoke more loudly this time. "Dad."

His Dad stirred, and rubbed his eyes briefly as he woke, checking his watch. "What is it Will?"

This was always the moment Will hated the most. He was anxiously waking them up in the middle of the night - what did they think it was!?

"I...um...", he had to force himself to use the words. "I, um, I kinda wet the bed again. I'm really sorry."

His Dad sighed and flicked on the light. Will saw the look of disappointment flash across his Dad's face as the light came on and revealed the soaking wet state of Will's pyjamas. "Don't you think you're getting a bit too old to still be doing this, Will? You'll be in 11 in a couple of months."

He squirmed awkwardly under his Dad's gaze. "I know Dad. I'm sorry."

There was a short pause, and Will stared at his feet, blushing.

"Alright then, let's get you to the bathroom. You'd better get cleaned up."

Will walked awkwardly ahead of his Dad to the bathroom, flicking on the light and squinting as his eyes adjusted to its brightness.

His Dad immediately turned on the shower tap. "Come on, strip off your wet things." His Dad had that direct, half-asleep voice that he always had in this situation. Blushing a little, Will peeled the soaked pyjama bottoms off his legs and stepped out of them, very conscious that the source of the stream that caused all this mess was now entirely visible, then pulled the top over his head. Leaving the wet pyjamas in a pile on the floor, he stepped under the shower and began to rinse the pee off his body.

After a few moments, his Dad turned to go to Will's bedroom. "Dry yourself off when you're done, then come and help me with your bed." He did as he was told, not spending too long in the shower, and then drying himself with a towel, picking up his wet clothes, and then going back to his bedroom. He flinched as he went in - the light was on, and with his Dad having already pulled off the duvet and sheet, he could see a big wet stain on his mattress.

"You really peed a lot, Will - to make this much mess. You're sure you went to the toilet before bed?"

Will racked his memory of the night before. "I really think so, Dad."

"Well how much did you have to drink?"

"Just a glass of water with dinner - and then one more later in the evening." He paused slightly nervously. "I was really thirsty, so I had the second glass. I thought it would be okay."

"Well however much it is, you really need to learn to hold it until morning, or get up when you need to pee."

"I know, Dad. I'm sorry."

Neither of them spoke as Will's Dad bundled up the wet sheet. "Okay, hand me those wet pyjamas and I'll have to put all this on to wash now. You've made too much of a mess to carry on sleeping in this bed tonight, so put some clean pyjamas on and then take your duvet and sleep on the sofa in your sister's room. But be quiet so you don't wake her up."

Will hated having to do that, so that his little sister Holly who had only just turned 9, would see him as sleeping in her room as soon as she woke up and know that he'd wet the bed in the night - but he knew better than to argue in the current circumstances.

He went to his drawers and got out clean pyjamas, putting them on as his Dad went downstairs to put the sheets and pyjamas on to wash. Then he picked up his duvet, carried it across the hall, quietly slipped into Holly's room and lay down on her sofa. He stared at the dark ceiling for a few moments, feeling simultaneously sulky and cross with himself, then soon dropped off to sleep.

###

When Will woke up in the morning, it took him a split second to work out why he wasn't in his own room, and then the memories of the night before came straight back to him. It was made worse by the fact that his little sister was already awake, and clearly in an excitable mood.

"I haven't wet the bed in more than 3 months now, Mom!", he could hear her boasting.

"Well done, Holly. Hopefully you won't ever do it again now!", their Mom responded warmly.

Will sighed to himself. It had been bad enough when they both still wet the bed quite often, since he was the older brother and meant to be way past these kinds of problems - but it was even worse now that his little sister seemed to be dry for good.

Reluctantly, he got up and carried his duvet back to his own room, only mumbling something in reply as his Mom called out "Good morning Will".

It was a Saturday, and it went past relatively uneventfully as they all did things around the house. Will was glad that not much more got said about his wet bed - although his Mom did ask him to take the sheets back upstairs once they were dry, and told him that Dad would help him put them back on the bed later.

That evening, they all got in the car and went out for dinner to celebrate, because it was only a few days until their Mom's birthday. As they were sat around the table waiting to order, Will had almost forgotten about the events of the night before, and his mood was starting to improve. But as the waitress took their order, Holly turned to their Dad and asked if she could have coke. They were almost never allowed soda - and absolutely not at all in the evenings - but Will saw his parents exchange glances before Mom eventually told Holly yes, and ordered a glass of coke on her behalf.

Will scowled as his parents ordered him a glass of water. It was *so* unfair. But he knew there was absolutely no way his parents would agree to him having one when it was less than a few hours until bedtime. His bad mood continued through the meal now, and he ate quietly, sulking even more when the restaurant gave Holly a free refill of her large class of cola - after she'd mostly ignored their Dad's warning that she drink it slowly.

Eventually they'd finished their food, and Will found himself feeling frustrated and bored as they waited for their parents' coffees to arrive. He'd seen a football in the restaurant garden when they'd arrived, so he asked if he and Holly could go out and play until they were ready to go home. Sensing his irritability, Mom quickly agreed, and both kids excused themselves from the table.

They threw the ball around outside for a while, finding a way to make the game work even though Will was older than his sister and much more interested in sports. After a while though, he noticed that her efforts to catch were getting even less convincing, as she constantly shifted her weight from one foot to the other, twisting her hips jerkily and occasionally crossing her legs. He soon recognised the tell-tale signs, and sure enough after a couple more minutes, Holly threw him the ball and said she was going back inside for a minute. She got halfway to the door before their parents came out, and Will forgot all about it as they all walked back to the car and got in.

It had taken barely 25 minutes to drive to the restaurant, but before they had got far down the road on their way back, it was clear that there must be some kind of delay up ahead as the traffic crawled slowly. After 10 minutes, it seemed like they were probably no more than a quarter of the way home - and probably a bit less than that. Out of the corner of his eye, Will noticed that his sister was not exactly enjoying the unexpected delay: she was sat with her thighs pressed tightly together, bouncing her knees up and down uncomfortably, and occasionally squirming in her seat.

As they continued to make slow progress, Will started to take some satisfaction from the fact that Holly was probably regretting her glasses of soda. She was moving around in her seat almost constantly, rubbing one thigh against the other, and nervously chewing her bottom lip. She had spent most of the journey so far looking out the window, but with one hand now constantly fiddling with the hem of her skirt, she turned to look at their Mom, and spoke with a clear hint of anxiety in her voice:

"Um, Mom, how much longer do you think until we'll be home?"

*006*2016-06-14 16:28

{{35 minutes ago, adriangache said:

YOU'RE BAAAAAACK!!1!!1111!

Classic Kelli chapter, hoping for an update soon!

}}

Hehe - what makes a "classic Kelli chapter"?!

