Another note - Page 4

Author: AuthorFaust

*079*2012-12-26 06:09

Faust is very grateful that everyone has been giving so much support to him continuing his story, even after such a long delay.

He's just had a very rough time....and has been busy with work...

Faust isn't satisfied with his work (he never is), but he intends on at least trying to update a bit sooner next time. The Story is reaching the final stages~ And Faust hopes he can get another chapter up before the year changes over.....

Faust hopes you all had a Merry Christmas, and that you have a happy New year. So, without further ado, allow Faust to share with you all, the next chapter in his Fic~

~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 11: Breakthrough!!

As Wynn's bladder completely deflated, Faust eventually managed to turn himself around, flushing a bright red.

"S...Sorry..." he stammered back to her, as the girl eventually moved, flushing herself.

"I..It's okay." she replied, the sound of toilet paper being torn off and a flushing filling the awkward silence. Both of their eyes glanced around the stall, before Faust eventually cleared his throat.

"S...So, it works...huh?" he stuttered quietly, the girl giving him a slight nod.

"Y...Yeah...." Wynn replied, before eventually moving forward, backing against the wall to squeeze by Faust. "I...I'll check to see if anyone's outside."

Faust then moved to the other side of the stall, still trying to suppress his blush as she moved past him. The door was quietly unlocked, and the girl cracked the door, peeking out. For a moment, she was quiet, before eventually starting out. "I'll go make sure..no one comes in." She added, the flush finally fading from her body as she headed out.

Faust spent a few extra moments composing himself, as he inched out. On one hand, he'd managed to find the note he was looking for. On the other hand....

I wonder where she's going to go with this... he thought, quietly. Something tells me that I'm not going to walk away with this book without a bunch of questions...

"C'mon Faust, hurry." Wynn's voice called, as she leaned back into the bathroom. "We should get out of here before you get seen."

Faust flinched a bit at her voice, snapping him out of his train of thought, but he merely nodded quietly, and started toward her.

"Yeah..." he replied, before heading out, following the green haired girl out of the bathroom. The two discreetly moved down the hall a bit, before turning to one another.

"Th..Thanks." Faust remarked quietly, as Wynn turned.

"N...No problem.." Wynn called back, her hands pressing together. "So...Ummm..."

"Ah..." Faust himself sounded, the awkward air from before returning, as they both struggled to find the words they wanted to say. Both parties shifted a bit, before Wynn eventually turned away from him, looking back over her shoulder.

"I....I'm going to the Nurse's office." she called, a light flush coming back to her face. "Y..You'd better get back to class before lunch ends. Wouldn't want to look suspicious to the teachers."

Faust glanced at a nearby clock, noticing how it was fairly close to time for lunch to end. If he ran, he could probably make it....

"We'll..talk more after school..Alright?" he inquired a bit, a foot turning to start into a sprint.

"Y..Yeah." Wynn replied, starting the other way. "S...S...See you then."

Faust then gave a small wave, before darting back from where they came, watching as the lunch crowd started to return to their classrooms, and blending in with them. Yuno quickly joined his side when he sat down in his chair, holding a small notepad.

"Faust, Yuno Found out lots!" she said perkily, sliding the notepad to him discreetly as the Teacher walked into the classroom.

"Ah...good." he replied lightly, sliding the book into his bag. "I'll look at it later, when we get home." He'd tucked in the second Wet Note before returning to the classroom, and for the first time in days, felt like he was ready for class.

For the next few hours, he focused on the lesson, taking good notes and answering questions as best he could, worry-free. With the note securely stuck in his bag, he was confident the whole ordeal with the other note holder was over.

However.....

After a few hours, as the bell signalling the end of class rang out, Faust started to feel a little uneasy.

Wynn never came back to class. he thought to himself, barely noticing the fidgeting figure beside him.

"F...Faust, I've gotta go...freshen up." Yuno's voice called as her hands lowered, standing up and bending her knees a bit.

"Hm? O..Oh..okay.." Faust called, averting his gaze from her as he slightly tinted. No matter how many times it had happened, he never could quite get used to the sudden surge in noticing their urges. Yuno shuffled off hurriedly at this, leaving Faust to pick up his bag.

I can't help but wonder... he thought, moving to his locker and putting in the combination if finding this book was a good thing or not.. True, with the note, the mysterious rival couldn't use it against him...

But, what if...

He absentmindedly opened the door to his locker as the lock clicked open, almost missing the small piece of paper that fell to his feet. His gaze drifted downward at this, pegging it as another note, and subsequently unfolding it.

"What the.." he muttered quietly to himself, freezing as he read the message, a whole three words long.

I have her.

Faust's insides wrenched at this, as he glanced into his locker. In case there was any doubt who it was referring to, an all too familiar pair of striped panties laid scrunched up on top of his things. He stretched a bit to reach them pulling them out of the locker, and paling a bit They had been stained with an all too familiar color, which could only mean....

"Faust?" Yuno's voice called, causing the boy to freeze up and feel a shiver down his back. He turned at this, noticing Yuno's line of sight trailing to his hands.

"Y-Y-Yuno.." he started, before she pulled the pair of panties from him, looking at them, and then at his face. A tense, cold silence fell over the two, as the pink haired girl's eyes processed the information she was given. The moments crept by slowly, before Yuno's lips twisted into a sort of smile.

"Are you into this sort of thing?" she started, her hands moving to grab at her skirt. "You know you can just tell Yuno, and...."

Faust quickly lifted the small note, holding it out to Yuno before her skirt could get pulled past her waist, watching as her grin shifted into a short scowl. "I have her? Who's.....Her?"

Faust froze at this, his body tensing up. How...how exactly could he phrase it, without getting her involved in the scene? Surely even she wouldn't....

"Umm...." he started quietly, eyes glancing around. "I'll....I'll explain later..I promise. It's...."

Yuno's eyes glared daggers into him, before the rush of the crowd signaled that they needed to get on the bus soon. His mind raced with several thoughts, trying to weigh the pros and cons of telling her everything. He went to open his mouth, before the girl's fingers moved to his, placing a finger on his lips.

"Something you want to talk to Yuno about in Private?" She finished, with a grin that could only be defined as 'lewd'. Faust hesitated for a bit, flushing lightly.

"Y..Yeah..." he stuttered out, as he gestured towards the crowd. "We should get a move on if we don't want to miss the bus." Yuno beamed brightly, nodding as she started toward them, grabbing Faust by his hand merrily.

As the two started onto the bus, Faust's eyes caught a shade of purple, prompting him to turn quickly to confirm it.

"Keiraku..." he remarked quietly, enough to get Kusuri's attention, the girl giving him a small nod in acknowledgement, and scooting over. As he went to sit down, however...

"Faust~ You're not thinking of sitting with anyone other than Yuno, are you?" Yuno's voice mused out, pulling him by his arm into the seat directly across from his intended target.

"N...No, never." he replied back, giving an apologetic look back to the purple haired girl, who sighed a bit in exasperation. The boy merely sighed internally as the bus eventually started up, travelling along the road. As Yuno's glance seemed focused outside the window for a moment, Faust felt something hit the side of his head.

"Stop throwing stuff, You damn brats." The bus driver's voice snapped out, apparently having seen it, but not having cared enough to stop the bus, or turn around. Faust himself turned to see what had hit him, a perfectly folded note being on the ground. He leaned over to pick it up, and quietly opened it, trying to attract as little attention as possible to himself. Inside the note, was what he could only guess was a phone number, along with the message 'Text me.'

He quietly slid his phone out at this, pressing a few keys and sending a quick message, a buzzing sound being heard behind him. He didn't have to turn to know she had gotten the message, as a few moments after texting, he got a reply back.

This'll make it easier to contact each other. If anything comes up, or has come up, let me know, alright?

Faust nodded quietly to himself, before sending a quick message back to Kusuri. He heard the buzzing, and a few button presses, but at this moment, Yuno's attention turned back to him. He slid the phone back in his pocket at this, preparing a quick excuse for the accusation he was sure to get. However, the accusation never came, the pink haired girl merely giving him a devious smile, before leaning on him.

"Faust makes a good pillow..." She cooed lightly, her head resting on his shoulder.

"T..thanks.." he stuttered back, leaning a bit into his chair. Well, it's not like they didn't have anything to go on. He'd procured the note, he'd gotten some data [that he still needed to look over] on a suspect...and he'd narrowed down the pool a bit more. Plus, with Kusuri and Wynn helping him...It was only a matter of time....

The bus eventually pulled up to their stop, prompting the trio to stand up and move to the front of the bus, parting ways as they moved to their homes. Yuno's arms quickly latched onto Faust's as soon as possible, and refused to let go the whole walk home. As they approached the door however, something white seemed to be attached to the door, provoking a flinch from the green haired boy.

H...Huh? he thought, before they eventually closed the distance, himself eventually reaching up to grab at the paper.

"What's that?" Yuno's voice piped up, leaning over his shoulder. "Is it a Note for Faust? Yuno wants to see!!"

Faust reflexively lifted it up and out of her eyesight, though his peripheral vision picked up that it was in fact another note, likely from the (former) other Note holder.

"N..Not now Yuno.." he called, the girl pressing against him once more.

"But Yuno..." She started, before flinching suddenly, and flushing lightly. "O...okay Faust, Yuno'll leave it alone....Could you please open the door for Yuno now?"

Faust nodded, slightly relieved as he reach for his pocket Gotta find some way to...

His blood ran cold as he patted down his pants, noticing something very important..

"My Key...?" he stated in a quiet, disbelieving tone. "My key is missing!"

"Wh-what?!" Yuno's pained voice whimpered, her hands sliding down to the front of her skirt. "But Yuno has to go, RIGHT. NOW."

"I know, I know." Faust retorted, his hands going to his pockets once again. Nothing....nothing....Nothing!! Where is it?!!

He started to turn around to see if it was in sight, but the pink haired girl quickly squeezed past him, raising one of her hands to the knob and twisting.

"I...It's unlocked!!" Yuno exclaimed, kicking her shoes off and darting through the apartment with her legs clenched together. Faust was relieved that the door was open, but couldn't shake the uneasy feeling in his gut. He turned his attention to the note in his hand at this, pushing aside the spectacle of Yuno rushing to the bathroom at full tilt.

I might not get another chance to read this tonight...So.... he thought, before opening it up. Again, the message was short, but concise, a mere three words.

It ends, tonight.

"T...Tonight?!"

###

Chapter 11, End.

