Camping Trip - Part Two

Author: MissVermilion

*000*2012-03-15 13:11

A/N: Finally got around to posting the second part to this- I promise part 3 won't be anywhere near as long coming.

Here's the link to part one in case you haven't already read it: http://omorashi.org/topic/3765-camping-trip-part-one/page__hl__%2Bcamping+%2Btrip__fromsearch__1

###

It seemed that my bladder had been weakened by this experience, as, by the time we had reached the campsite forty minutes later, I urgently needed to relieve myself once more.

“I’m just going to run to the toilet. Leave the tents for now, and I’ll help in a minute,” I said, the minute we had found a good spot and thrown off our rucksacks.

The others stared at me. “I’m not surprised you need a pee, you haven’t been all day!” Rick told me, with a rare note of appreciation in his tone.

“God, I wish my bladder was that strong,” Alexa added, somewhat resentfully.

“Although I do seem to recall you dancing from foot to foot like a desperate little girl somewhat earlier,” Katie commented snidely, and I felt a heat rise to my cheeks.

“Yeah, I thought you looked like you needed to wee earlier too,” Mark said, sounding confused, “And then it seemed to go away.”

“Coincidentally right after you and Regan had that rather out-of-character ‘water fight’,” Katie added smugly.

I looked around the group, feeling trapped. But then a huge rush of desperation came over me and I hastily crossed my legs.

“I’m sorry, I really do need the toilet,” I mumbled, turning and heading swiftly over to the toilet block before any of the others could comment further.

I had felt desperate, but all I was able to produce, once sitting on the toilet, was a tiny trickle. Frustrated, I pushed harder, trying to force more to come out and ended up emitting a lot of gas, but no more urine. Sighing, I gave up and grabbed some paper. While I was patting myself dry, I glanced down at my bare private area- somewhere I always meticulously avoided looking. My vagina was completely obscured by thick, dark hair. I had never shaved or even trimmed in that particular area. Since nobody ever saw it (I hadn’t even been swimming since I had started puberty, hating the way I looked in a swimsuit) I had never felt any particular need to. But if Regan had seen it earlier- and I was almost sure that she had- what on earth had she thought? Would she think it abnormal to be that hairy down below?

Cursing myself for having lost control in front of her like that, I pulled my still-slightly-damp knickers back over myself. Too-tight, little-girl knickers made of cotton which had once been white, but had faded to an indistinct grey colour after having been washed several times too many. What had Regan thought of them? I only ever bought clothes out of necessity- to replace old ones which had fallen apart- and I cared about underwear even less than any other item of clothing, due again to the fact that nobody ever saw them.

And why should I care what Regan thought anyway? I never cared what anyone thought about my clothes- so why Regan? Why had I looked through my wardrobe so meticulously two days ago, trying to decide what I should wear on this hike? I had told myself that it was due to a need to dress for the conditions I might encounter during the walk, but I couldn’t hide from the fact that it had been Regan on my mind while selecting clothes.

And why? Even if I dared to admit to myself that I might have the tiniest crush on Regan (it was nothing to be ashamed of, after all: who didn’t have a crush on Regan?) there was no use in attempting to impress her for the simple reason that she would never choose someone like me when she could have her pick of anybody, anybody at all.

Even in the unlikely event that she’d had some sort of feelings for me prior to today, they would most certainly have been extinguished by now, I told myself scathingly. Not only had I- to use Katie’s words- been “dancing around like a desperate little girl” in front of her, but I had made an exhibition of myself in front of her; and that was not to mention that fact that I’d urinated all over my knickers, trousers and shoes. She must think me to be the most disgusting girl on the planet.

I rarely cry, but I could not prevent hot tears from filling my eyes just then, and I pressed a hand to my mouth to prevent myself from letting out a sob. This camping trip had been a mistake: I was sure of it. But at least I could be grateful for the fact that I owned my own tent, and therefore did not need to share with any of the other girls.

“Cassie?” I heard an all-too-familiar voice call, and I jerked my head up, hastily brushing away my tears with the back of my hand.

“What is it, Regan?” I called back, my voice sounding surprisingly steady.

“Are you okay in there? You’ve been gone ages. We’ve set up all the tents already.”

“Oh.” Embarrassed that I had been lost in thought for so long, I flushed the toilet and unlocked the door. “I told you to wait for me.”

“I know, but some of the others were too impatient to wait. Are you okay?”

“I’m fine.” I deliberately avoided looking at Regan as I moved to the grotty basins to wash my hands.

“Are you sure? You look as if-” Regan began, but then stopped, apparently realising that I didn’t want to talk about whatever it was that was upsetting me, “Never mind. Anyway, there’s been a bit of a problem with the tents.”

“I’m not surprised, if Rick was involved in putting them up,” I said scathingly, grabbing a paper towel to dry my hands on the way to the door.

“Not a problem with putting them up. I mean a problem with the tents themselves,” Regan said, trotting alongside me, “The tent Lexi brought, which she thought was a three-man tent, is actually a two-man. We had a look inside, and there’s absolutely no way we’re going to get three of us in there along with all our stuff.”

“I see,” I said, slowing as I considered the frightening implications of this.

“So would it be okay if I shared your tent?” Regan asked, looking at me with pleading eyes, “It’s a two-man as well, right?”

“It is a two-man,” I replied, before swallowing thickly to quell my fear. Mentally, I listed the reasons why I couldn’t share a tent with Regan. Because sleeping so close to you might cause me to lose my rationality and do something stupid like kiss you. Because sharing a tent with you would make it unavoidable for you to discover my secret. But, of course, I couldn’t tell Regan either of these things. “Of course you can share my tent,” I told her helplessly.

“Oh thank you!” she gripped my hand gratefully, and my heart conducted a strange sort of leap. I almost groaned in anxiety. Tonight was going to be even more difficult than I had imagined.

###

We spent an enjoyable evening around a makeshift campfire: singing silly songs, playing games and chattering about insignificant things. For the first time, I felt like part of the group, and grew to realise that I actually liked several of the people on this trip. Denny was one of the funniest people I had ever met, and I especially liked the fact that his humour was never spiteful. I also liked the way he occasionally put his arm around Mark without the smallest hint of shame, and I found myself feeling warm and content every time he did so. Adam seemed pleasant enough, and the songs he played on the guitar he had lugged along with us were bittersweet and relaxing. He allowed Alexa to play several songs on it too, but she wasn’t nearly as good, and spent a lot of time giggling as Katie whispered things to her behind her hand, most of the time looking at me.

“For god’s sake, you two,” Regan said suddenly, sitting up and causing me to start. She had been sitting beside me, leaning lazily into my side with her arm around my waist and I had been leaning back against the tent, my eyelids flickering. Inwardly I reprimanded myself for almost having fallen asleep: I needed to fight harder to stay awake or else get myself ready for bed so that it wouldn’t matter if I fell asleep.

“If you’ve got something to say, say it to the group,” Regan was saying, looking sternly at Katie. “You’re really wetting me off with all that whispering.”

“I second that,” Mark replied wearily from Denny’s lap, where he had been resting his head.

“I third it,” Denny added, and Katie rolled her eyes.

“Okay, I get the idea,” she said, rising to her feet, “Whatever. I’m going to bed anyways.”

“Bed sounds like a good idea,” Mark said, stretching his arms out in an exaggerated yawn.

“What do you think, sweets?” Regan asked softly, turning to look at me, “Bedtime?”

“I-” I began, but then faltered, forgetting what I had been about to say. Sweets. The affectionate pet name had thrown me off. “I’ll join you in a minute,” I said finally, “I just- erm, toilet.”

“Mmkay.” Regan leaned up and, to my great surprise, kissed me on the cheek. “See you in a minute.”

“Wow,” Alexa commented as soon as Regan had disappeared into the tent, her eyes wide, “Looks like someone’s got a soft spot for you, Cassie.”

A blissful warmth began to bubble inside me, but I said nothing. Upon hearing Alexa’s words, however, Katie, who had been on her way to the tent, turned. “Regan fancy Cassie?” she asked, then exploded into vicious laughter, “What the hell, Lexi? She’s got far better taste than that.”

“So why’d she go for you, then?” Rick teased, and Katie pouted, turning quickly away and disappearing into her tent. I looked at Rick, frowning as I tried to figure out the extent to which he was joking. Had something happened between Regan and Katie? I knew that Regan liked girls: that much was common knowledge. But Katie?

I stayed in the circle for a while, not wanting to voice the question myself, but hoping that somebody else might elaborate further on what might or might not have happened between the two girls. The conversation had switched abruptly to some television show that I had no interest in watching or discussing, however, and I found my eyelids beginning to droop drowsily once more.

Afraid that I might actually fall asleep out here, I quickly stood.

“Right, I’m getting off to bed,” I announced, “Night everyone.”

“Night, Cassie,” the remaining four replied, even Rick. He really hadn’t been so bad this evening, I considered thoughtfully; though I still held something of a grudge against him due to the fact that he was partially responsible for my embarrassing antics earlier- I felt that if he hadn’t taken us the way he had, we would have reached the campsite much sooner.

I unzipped my tent slowly, hoping against hope that Regan was asleep so that I could slip in unnoticed, retrieve what I needed from my rucksack, and slip out again. Thankfully, she was huddled in her sleeping bag with her eyes closed, her breathing deep and heavy. Breathing a sigh of relief, I shuffled on my knees to my rucksack and began rummaging through it.

“Cassie?” a sleepy voice murmured, and I looked over to see Regan sitting up very slightly and looking at me, “What are you looking for?”

“Just- just my night things,” I lied.

“They’re right here,” Regan said, to my horror, holding them up.

“You went through my things?” I asked, my heart beating dangerously fast.

“I just got your sleeping bag out, I didn’t look any further down,” Regan assured me, “Your night things were rolled up in it.”

“Ah,” I said, “Be right back while I change, then.”

“You can change here,” Regan said, “I won’t look if you don’t want me to.”

If you don’t want me to? I wondered fleetingly, but couldn’t pause for too long to ponder these words.

“I need to use the toilet too,” I told her, then in response to her questioning look added: “I got wrapped up in the conversation before and forgot to go.”

“Mmkay,” Regan said, snuggling down in her sleeping bag, “Hurry, won’t you? It’s scary being here all alone.”

“I will,” I promised, and glanced once more at my rucksack. Immediately I remembered the items I had been looking for were in a zip pocket, and hastily put my hand in and grabbed them. Thankfully, Regan didn’t question what I was doing this time and I was able to escape without any further questioning.

