Nicole and Ann: Holding It

Author: goth-kitty

*000*2013-12-23 01:36

I'm frantically preparing the bed and floor for tonight because it's going to be wet and so much fun. Nicole suggested we have a holding contest and today is the first day we both have free. I'm still pretty shy about it, but now Nicole has gotten really into our fetish. Whenever we have the night off she comes over to my place and we have some naughty fun. We've both been really busy with school and work, so today will be a nice break from it all. I've got the bed covered in water resistant sheets, and I am so ready for some relaxation a little challenge.

I hear a knock at the door and jump a bit. I wasn't expecting Nicole for an hour more, but whatever, I always love to see her. I answer the door and there she is, a sexy young woman in dark blue skinny jeans and a black t-shirt. Her hair is in the cutest little pony tail. I smile and invite her in, immediately taking her to my room to show her my lovely setup. She smiles devilishly and takes me into a long kiss.

She lets me go and we proceed to the kitchen to get started. I planned some intermediate activities to keep us occupied. First we're drinking lots of water, and making some cookies. Nicole is allergic to gluten so I looked up a special recipe for gluten free cookies. She smile and squeezes my hand to thank me. She grabs the ingredients and we bake.

An hour or so later we have a counter full of delicious warm cookies so I get out the milk and we eat a gooey cookie snack. By now I need to pee a little, but not enough to worry about. Now it's Nicole's turn to choose the activity. She goes to the movie shelf and chooses “Alice in Wonderland.” I love that movie, and so does she. I take her hand and kiss her on the cheek as we walk to the living room.

We cuddle on the couch for two hours watching our favorite movie and by the time it is over Nicole is sitting a little differently. I smirk to myself and go to the kitchen to grab some more water. We down it quick, hating the way the cold hurts our heads. Now I choose another activity, wandering to the closet to grab some cards. I love to play cards with Nicole because she's a good sport. She lets me win when I'm not doing very well.

We play cards for about a half hour before Nicole starts to squirm in her chair. I smile slyly and say “what's wrong Nik, had a little to much to drink?” She chuckles a little and swats at my arm. I love making her laugh when she has to pee. Then I feel the failure twinge in my bladder. I coaxed Nicole out of her chair and we walk to my bedroom.

We sit on the edge of the bed and just make out for a while, but Nicole can't handle much. She's really got to pee. I lay on the bed and beckon her toward me. She straddles me, holding herself to keep it all in. “It's ok Nikki, you can stop holding now,” I say reassuringly. She didn't need much of a push to let go. Slowly I feel a warm wetness spread across my abdomen. A gasp escapes her lips as her head tilts up to the ceiling in ecstasy. Warm pee flows over my stomach and I rock my hips into hers. She pees for a long time and I can't help but orgasm right there.

She finishes peeing and rocks her hips with mine before collapsing in an exhausted heap next to me. I close my eyes for a moment, and twenty minutes later I wake up squirming and holding my damp pants. Nicole was caressing my hips, just waiting for her turn. I carefully kneel on the bed, but she pushes me down, tickling me. “No, ah, why!” I squeel. I feel pee escape me, barely keeping the rest in. I grab myself to keep it from all escaping.

Nicole stops tickling and drags me to my feet. She sits on the edge of the bed and beckons me to her lap. I stand there straddling one of her knees and she says, “your turn Anna.” I rub myself to loosen my muscles and finally just let go. Pee rushes out of me into my jeans warming the cold pee from my love, spilling onto Nicole's knee and down both our legs onto the toweled floor. I rock my hips, rubbing myself on Nicole's knee and she can't help but touch herself outside of her clothes, panting and moaning.

Once I finish peeing, we both collapse back on the bed and sleep another hour. After awaking to shivering, Nicole and I shower, saving some more fun for later.

