Royal Desire

Author: fullbladder

*000*2014-08-24 05:04

Chapter 1

Fourteen-year old Prince Khan absentmindedly shuffled his dinner with a wooden spoon, lustfully observing Maryam, his father's newest and sixth wife. She was dancing on the spot in dire need of a chamber pot. Still quite youthful and seven months pregnant with her first child, Maryam was painfully learning about the pressure a pregnancy can place on a woman's bladder. Tending the jug and having to hear the water flow from it as she refilled cups was sheer torture. She feared that she would wet her traditional Persian attire at any moment. She could not imagine the punishment for peeing at dinner in front of King Khan and his royal acquaintances- almost certainly a public beheading.

"That will be all for tonight," the King announced as she turned to walk back to her waiting spot in the corner. Gratefully, Maryam curtsied quickly and exited the Grand Hall with short deliberate steps.

Prince Khan sighed, wondering if she would be able to make it to a chamber pot in time. He wished for nothing more than to follow her and see her relieve herself in either a chamber pot or her clothes. His father had been oblivious to the young lady's predicament. If only his own thoughts permitted him to ignore such things. He had been fascinated by the sight of a lady needing relief ever since he could remember.

Unfortunately, he was forbidden to seek out a sexual partner until he turned of age. With his fifteenth birthday next week, he would finally be able to select his first bedding partner who would become his wife in forty fortnights. He simply couldn't wait until the selection ceremony.

*001*2014-08-24 14:11

Chapter 2

"I will be conducting the selection process in private here in the Grand Hall. I will need the services of three slaves for the next three hours." Prince Khan could see the surprise on the faces of the men and women seated around the table. Although a prince had every right to select a wife on his own, the ceremony was usually done with counsel of the Prince's choosing. The King's presence was almost always requested. After a bit of protesting, everyone including King Khan agreed to leave the room and send in three slaves and the three candidates.

Fair ladies of status, beauty and wealth had visited the castle over the past month hoping for an opportunity to participate in the selection ceremony. However, as per custom, the Prince was only allowed three candidates. He had first selected Princess Caeseria of Egypt, a dark-skinned, curvy brunette always dressed in gold from head to toe. Next was Lady Naderishah, daughter of one of the wealthiest businessmen in all of Persia. She was petite and light-skinned with fire-red hair. Finally, there was his distant cousin, Lady Seyedin. He had not seen her since they were both 5. She had grown up to be extremely pretty, with big breasts and a firm ass built from roaming her mountainous birthplace. These newly developed features supplemented her ebony hair and light brown skin extremely well. Prince Khan hoped that she would be the one that impressed him most at the ceremony that afternoon.

Already excited at the thoughts of what was about to happen, he resisted the urge to touch himself as the women entered the room. His hungry teenage eyes scanned the beautiful women as they approached confidently, dressed in finely tailored rags made from the most expensive cloths of their respective regions. Such elegance in the room almost made the Prince ashamed of what he was about to request, but he knew it had to be done so he could select the right wife for himself. He stood up from his seat to address the candidates.

*003*2014-08-31 06:50

Chapter 3

"Today, you beautiful ladies are my guests. As is fit with our traditional values here, I will offer you the finest luxuries our castle has to offer. As it is a beautiful summer's day, I have requested that the room be kept constantly supplied with juices and wines made from the world's most exotic fruits. Together, we will drink and get to know each other. First though, let us make sure we are adequately relieved!"

With a gesture to the young female servant in the corner, he ordered a chamber pot to be brought in. He then instructed the other two slaves to begin serving the juices the chefs had been busily preparing all morning.

In plain view of the three candidates, he pulled down his trousers to urinate into the chamber pot held up to him by the kneeling slave. Lady Naderishah immediately blushed and looked at her feet. However, the other two women gazed intently as the Prince drained his bladder. With a satisfactory sigh, he gestured for the servant to take the chamber pot to the girls. Naderishah declined, claiming she had just went. Prince Khan frowned- she seemed much too conservative for his liking. However he was pleased with the other women who immediately knelt down to relieve themselves. They both produced healthy streams, having been busy with dressing up all morning and forgoing using the chamber pot.

Watching the girls pee immediately made the Prince rock-hard beneath his baggy trousers. They had beautiful vaginas in their own respects. Princess Caeseria had a neatly trimmed bush which exposed her meaty womanhood quite well. Prince Khan was already imagining how a feast on her tempting dark purple lips and large clit would taste like. Lady Seyedin was a bit hairier, with a picture perfect pussy. As she peed, Prince Khan was able to make out her beautiful genitals, with vaginal lips just shielding her inner treats but a pearl-shaped light-pink clitoris peeking out from the thick black public hair.

With that, the chamber pot was removed from the room and the Prince eagerly started filling three large cups with the first juice, made from watermelon from the Americas and green grapes from France. The women sipped slowly, adhering to the polite manners they had been taught. However, Prince Khan gulped eagerly and encouraged the women to follow his lead; many more drinks were on the way! The females quickened their pace as the new drinks were brought in.

Chapter 4

As is typical with wine, tongues loosened quickly and the quartet was engaged in interesting conversation composed of tales from around the world. Prince Khan kept a close eye on Naderishah, knowing she would likely be needing relief before the others. She was already getting hesitant about finishing her drinks and had received urging from the Prince to finish so they could move on to the next flavour. She was feeling a nagging urge to find a chamber pot, but didn’t want to request one as she had declined relief but one hour earlier. The Prince noticed that she was leaving a few gulps in the cup before accepting the refill, but no matter- her slender frame would surely not be able to hold a large volume for any prolonged amount of time.

Soon, Naderishah had compromised her model lady-like posture for one that was more hunched with tightly crossed legs. Her eyes were constantly darting towards the exit to the dinner hall. Prince Khan could barely keep track of the conversation. He was bursting with excitement at the thought of what was happening to her bladder. He wondered how long she would wait before announcing her need.

As the fifth drink came in, she was already bouncing lightly in her seat. Despite her desire to participate well in the conversation and make a strong impression with her intelligence, she was increasingly quiet with her attention going towards her bladder. Finally, as the servant presented the sixth drink, she could wait no longer. “Forgive me for bringing forth such an uninteresting topic, but may I be excused for a moment?”

The words almost made the horny prince ejaculate inside his trousers. A beautiful woman was asking him to be allowed to tend to nature’s call! Somehow he kept his composure and asked “For what purpose, my lady?”

She blushed heavily. “I-I am in need of a chamber pot, my Prince.” This time, Prince Khan had to pause and close his eyes as he somehow willed his thrusting penis not to shoot hot semen into his white trousers.

“I am sorry, but departing this room would mean forfeiture of the selection competition,” the Prince replied sternly.

Naderishah shifted uncomfortably in her seat, feeling the dangerous fullness of her bladder. There was no way she could last two more hours, especially with so much drinking. Prince Khan analyzed his own bladder- He was already feeling like he could use a chamber pot. Surely, Naderishah must be quite desperate to plead openly for a chance to relieve herself.

Another few gulps and the poor Lady could take no more. “Can a chamber pot be brought into the room, please?” She would pee in front of her company. She was in severe pain and at moderate risk of losing control into her red shalvar.

Prince Khan deliberately looked over the struggling girl seated on his right. She was constantly squirming now, clutching her clothing in agony. He could tell that she was resisting the powerful urge to press against her womanhood. His erect member was straining against his trousers, forming a giant tent. He was on the verge of cumming. Somehow he managed to stop himself for climaxing… for now.

"We will wait until the next drink is finished, as I would prefer not to have juices and chamber pots together at the dining table."

Feeling trapped, Lady Naderishah desperately rocked back and forth, trying to hold on just a little while longer.

Chapter 5

Suddenly, a look of sheer horror appeared on Lady Naderishah’s face. She felt herself lose control briefly and knew the leak had just moistened her undergarments. With a quick shriek, she clutched her pussy and rose abruptly from the table. In her haste to exit the room and find a chamber pot before it was too late, she bumped into a servant carrying in coconut and sugar cane juice. The jug’s contents splattered all over the floor as she tried to hobble around the collision. She slipped on the wet marble floor and fell hard on her ass, causing a jolt against her full bladder. It was too much. She lost all control immediately, sitting on the floor. A massive puddle formed around her as she helplessly peed herself.

As the shock and relief of the situation overcame her, she began crying as her bladder emptied. She had disgraced herself in front of such important company! She had been blessed with a one-in-a-lifetime chance to become a Princess and she had literally pissed it away.

The scene was too hot for the Prince. His manhood thrust violently and he ejaculated into his pants. Involuntarily, he arched his back in his chair and exhaled heavily as his male fluid shot through the thin white cloth and landed on the table in front of him. He was lost in bliss for a few seconds as he closed his eyes, with no awareness of where he was.

As he came back to reality, he saw that telltale wetness formed on his groin. Embarrassed, he quickly pushed his chair in to hide his lower region from view and quickly wiped away the cum on the table with his sleeve. He looked up to see Lady Seyedin observing him in absolute fascination. She was overtly excited by what had just happened and could feel her own libido pulsating, adding a constant drip of her sweet womanly lubricant to her drawers. Purposefully, maintaining eye contact with Prince Khan, she brought her cup to her lips and downed it. He could tell that she now knew what he wanted. He almost came again immediately, realizing that she understood his desires and was willing to satisfy them.

Princess Caeseria had somehow missed the Prince’s accident, as she had risen up from her seat to comfort Lady Naderishah. She dragged the young wet lady to her feet and accompanied her to the exit of the Grand Hall, where a servant had taken her to a bath to clean up. Prince Khan and Lady Seyedin had both taken the opportunity to admire the woman’s wet ass. Princess Caeseria returned to the table and the selection ceremony continued.

*007*2014-09-02 00:34

Chapter 6

Another few rounds of drinks and Prince Khan could feel an urgent need to urinate. The ladies had their legs tightly crossed. Lady Seyedin was enjoying the sensation, checking to make sure Prince Khan was watching as she bobbed constantly in desperation. She was also loving the sight of him shifting in his chair, either from sexual excitement, need for relief, or both.

However, Princess Caeseria was significantly more worried as her bladder filled. She didn't want to suffer the same fate as poor Naderishah. As weak as Naderishah had seemed when asking for the chamber pot, the humiliation had been nothing compared to the wetting accident afterwards. Caeseria decided she was not going to flirt with the chance of soiling her gold-plated skirt.

"If I may make a personal request, my Prince... I need to use the chamber pot again."

Prince Khan glanced at Lady Seyedin who was biting her lip in clear excitement. Surely, there was no harm in making the Princess wait a bit longer! "Let us finish our drinks first."

The Princess nodded, indicating that she accepted the arrangement. She began drinking more quickly, hoping she would be able to relieve herself soon. However, Prince Khan and Lady Seyedin had slowed their consumption down to just light sips. They were both very clearly bursting for the chamber pot like Caeseria, squirming constantly in their seats. Caeseria wondered why Prince Khan had delayed using the chamber pot when everyone was in obvious discomfort.

Finally, Prince Khan and Lady Seyedin had finished their drinks. By this time, all three of them were struggling to maintain bladder control. Lady Seyedin, eager to show the Prince just how badly she needed to pee, had started openly holding herself with audible moans.

The chamber pot was brought in for Princess Caeseria and she immediately dropped her panties again to pee a powerful jet of hot piss into the chamber pot. Hearing her pee stream clang against the metal almost made Lady Seyedin lose control in her pants. The Prince grabbed his penis and gripped tightly as Caeseria closed her eyes and sighed blissfully. She finally finished peeing after filling nearly half of the large chamber pot.

"Who will be using the pot next?" She asked Prince Khan as she pulled up her panties and trousers.

"I think we are okay for now. Servant, remove the pot. Also, please escort the Princess out." His answer shocked Caeseria. She stared at the two of them on the verge of wetting themselves, yet refusing relief! To make things worse, she had just been ousted for relieving herself! What kind of game was this? It seemed like complete insanity!

As Princess Caeseria left the ceremony, Prince Khan rose from his chair holding himself and dancing desperately to contain his urine. Lady Seyedin quickly followed his lead. Seeing her twist and struggle was too much. He finally lost control of his bladder, soaking his trousers as clear pee flowed out through his hands onto the marble floor below. Seeing his accident made the Lady squirt into her underwear, but she struggled to hang on. She knew she had to somehow hang on.

As Prince Khan finished relieving himself, a massive erection formed in his pants again. Pee ejected from his body in hot bursts as his bladder spasmed to empty itself as quickly as possible. Lady Seyedin squirted again, just barely regaining control this time. She could feel the liquid flow down her legs to her feet. She didn't have much time! A few drops hit the floor as she hurried her way towards the Prince.

She put his hands on his chest and lightly pushed him towards the floor. He understood immediately. Still peeing, he lowered himself into his pee puddle and watched the beautiful woman stand over him with spread legs. Immediately, a tremendous waterfall flowed through her pants onto his wet body. He felt her warm liquid drench him as he finished relieving himself. He was in heaven!

He yanked Lady Seyedin's trousers down so he could witness her waters flowing down from the crotch of her panties. She was happy to enhance the show even further, pulling her panties aside to pee on him directly. He admired her muscular legs and ass- no wonder she had been able to hold for so long! She was quite the incredible woman to have been able to contain her pee for longer than even him, with all the practice he had gotten over the years! The Prince undid his trousers as she finished peeing and she lowered herself down to end the selection ceremony with a traditional mating ritual. They were surely going to have a very happy and wet life together.

