Michelle's First Softball Game

Author: pissypants2005

*000*2013-12-13 03:16

It was Michelle's first college softball game. She was a freshman and had traveled far away from home to accept a scholarship to play softball. Now her day was finally here.

She was wearing her softball uniform, gray softball pants that were pulled up to her knees. The tight pants hugged her athletic thighs. She had red knee-high socks, which was the color of her team. Underneath she had on a black pair of spandex pants. Under the spandex she had on a cute white thong, with pink and yellow stripes. She never could get into the habit of wearing nothing underneath her spandex pants.

It was a mild day, but for some reason Michelle could not quench her thirst. Between each inning she would gulp down a beverage. She would trade off between water and Gatorade.

Now it was the fifth inning. As she ran out to her position in left field she suddenly realized that she had to pee.

"It's okay," she said to herself. "At the end of the inning I'll just run over to the clubhouse and relieve myself."

But then something funny happened. The first batter got a hit. The second batter followed suit. The next batter walked. This was shaping up to be a long inning. Batter after batter reached base. During this time Michelle went from being mildly desperate to being ready to burst.

"Oh my God, why can't we get anybody out," Michelle was wondering.

Michelle had a history of cutting things close when it came to using the restroom. Several times in high school she nearly wet herself in class. She liked the feeling of being desperate most of the time, and she treated it like a game. She would drink coffee and water all day during class and not use the restroom once. Once, on her way home from school, she lost control and peed through her panties while lifting up her skirt behind a set of bushes. She even kind of liked the feeling of warm wetness rubbing against her pussy. However, she had never told anybody of that particular situation.

Today, Michelle's desperation was not a game to her. There were people in the stands watching, not to mention her teammates and coaches. This inning needed to end fifteen minutes ago. Then, the next batter hit a line drive between her and the center fielder. The ball rolled all the way to the fence. Michelle, instinctively reacting to the sound of the ball hitting the bat, took of running for the ball in a sprint. As she ran, a few spurts of pee escaped her and soaked into her thong.

"Oh no!" thought Michelle, "I can't make it much longer like this."

Michelle got to the ball first and hurled it back into the infield. As she threw the ball another spurt of pee jetted from her pussy. Walking back to her position she discreetly examined herself. Fortunately for her, none of the pee was showing on her grey softball pants. However, she could feel that her thong was pretty drenched.

Finally, the last out was made. Michelle breathed a sigh of relief as she trotted towards the dugout. Before she could put her glove down, the coach called the entire team in for a meeting.

"What have we talked about all offseason," said the coach. "We have got to play sound fundamental softball if we want to be competitive this year! What I saw out there was absolute rubbish. If things don't change we won't be competitive in any of our games!"

As coach continued to lecture the importance of fundamental softball, Michelle lost focus on what the coach was saying and was entirely focused on her dilemma.

"C'mon coach," thought Michelle. "We know we were terrible last inning. Don't you know that I have a dam in me that's about to burst? Oh well. As soon as he's done I can go to the clubhouse."

Then she heard the coach say her name.

"Michelle. You're up first this inning. Start us off on the right foot."

"Oh no," thought Michelle. "This can't be happening."

By the time she grabbed her bat and helmet the umpire was calling for a batter. Michelle stepped into the box. The pitcher wound up and hurled a pitch that was low and outside.

"Ball," yelled the umpire.

Michelle's face was now red. Her knees were shaking. She decided that she wasn't going to take the bat off of her shoulder, and the pitcher would just strike her out. The pitcher wound up and threw another pitch. Again, the ball was low and outside. Michelle couldn't believe that the pitcher who had breezed through the first four innings suddenly couldn't find the strike zone. The catcher asked for time and ran out to talk to the pitcher. Michelle stepped out of the box. She realized that she could no longer hold it. Pee began escape her, first slowly, but more quickly. At first, there was no evidence of what was happening. But then the fabric of her softball pants could no longer hold the pee that was continuing to escape her. Pee began running down both of her legs, and was beginning to drench the fabric of her softball pants. A wet patch began to appear.

"Oh no," she whimpered. "I can't believe this is happening to me." The pee was now gushing out of her pussy. The pee began to flow from her pants, first as a drip, but soon as a gushing torrent. The rest of the urine ran down her right leg and started to pool into one of her red socks. A murmur began to grow from the stands, her teammates, and the players from the opposing dugout. She could even hear several people laughing at the expense of her embarrassment. Tears began to well up in her eyes. Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, the pee began to subside. Her coach, finally taking notice of what was happening, walked over to her.

"Are you okay," he asked.

"I'm so embarrassed," whispered Michelle. I can't believe this is happening to me. I feel like a little girl.

"It's all right," said the coach. Just finish your at-bat and we'll get you into the clubhouse and get you a change of clothes."

"Okay coach," said Michelle.

She stepped back into the box, with the warmth of the pee beginning to wear off. The pitcher threw two more pitches out of the strike zone. Michelle would now have to run the bases in her wet, soggy, uniform...

*003*2013-12-21 04:12

I may add some more to the story. I've been busy so it may be a little while before I can get around to writing another chapter though.

