A fictional story set on holiday. - Page 2

Author: RagingPython

*021*2019-04-19 21:00

{{4 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was fantastic I cant wait to read what happens next

}}

Thank you!

{{47 minutes ago, Dtravis said:

I really like this story so far, very well written.

}}

Thanks!

*022*2019-04-20 02:09

Chapter 7:

I found myself feeling a bit nostalgic as I sat next to Karen, and I started thinking about how we’d originally met.

*Super cliche flashback effect*

It was back shortly after I’d left secondary school finally, having passed my college-level tests. (Out here in the UK, we have a system where you can stay in secondary school for an extra year and do your college qualifications there. I chose to do this as all the colleges near me were overcrowded.) I moved on to university, beginning a degree in astrophysics. My ideal career was something in the space industry, a goal I’d decided on at age 10 when first played a game called “Kerbal Space Program”.

During Primary School I’d generally had a lot of friends, but every friend I made ended up either dying (no kidding) or leaving me. My first ever friend, Joshua, stopped being my friend because everything I was interested in suddenly “became childish”, for example. Most of my other friends followed suit. In Secondary School, I had less friends, but I still had a few, but much like in Primary School they all left me again, even though some of them lasted until the end, everyone went to different universities, if they went at all. As cliche as it sounds, I deliberately decided to not bother making any in university.

I wore different outfits, sat at different tables when I had lunch, I ate different things every day for lunch, I tried to avoid set routines and patterns like I normally would fall into. I even wore my hair in different styles, but always common styles so that I would blend in. I basically did the opposite of what I’d normally do, as I’d ordinarily I’d just fall into a routine where I did the exact same thing every day. I wanted to avoid getting a reputation too, like in Primary and Secondary school, where I was generally known as the only person who didn’t care about being polite, or other people’s feelings, or anything like that.

While most girls my age sat down and just accepted any stupid rules, I made a point of turning up deliberately late every lesson when they tried to implement 1 hour detentions for 5 minutes late you were. I made a point of using my phone for 5 minutes every lesson in full view of a particular teacher after he falsely accused me of using it in his class. Probably the most famous thing I was known for, and the one I am most proud of, was when I kicked the doors in when my school attempted to lock them all day.

As much as the reputation I gathered usually made more popular, I didn’t necessarily want the popularity. Everyone knew me, but no one wanted to actually become friends with me for the same reasons. People sometimes where scared to approach me, people tried to spread rumours. Some dickheads worked out exactly what it was that annoyed me due to my autism, and would do these things to provoke a reaction. Of course, these people generally learned there lesson, but it did happen. So going into university, I tried to prevent this.

My idea was that if I blended in with the background and didn’t follow set routines, people would be less likely to notice me. I also tried to stop some of my autistic tendencies, avoiding situations which would’ve caused me to act in a way that would’ve made me become known. And surprisingly, it worked. For a while. I made it for a few months before anyone approached me to become friends with me, and I didn’t end up with a reputation like I did in Primary and Secondary school.

As much as this sounds incredibly lonely and sad, I actually quite enjoyed it. Back in Primary School I did a similar thing, before I had a reputation, but after I’d lost the only real friend I had at the time, I spent a whole year without befriending anyone, I spent all my free time reading in a secluded are of the field, and I had a great time doing it. One of the advantages of my autism is that fact that I don’t really need friends. I lived my university life on my own, I got a job at a retro gaming shop, where I became famous for knowing far more about CRT televisions than anyone else the staff knew, and I settled down quite nicely.

The first person to actually approach me during university was Karen. I noticed her a few times, she was one of the few people who I saw actually looked at me, even when I was trying to blend in, and after a while she managed to figure out all the different locations I’d go to when I had lunch. I’d see her, sitting somewhere nearby, sometimes she’d even be looking at me. I didn’t mind, but she surprised me when one day, she actually approached me, and introduced herself;

”U-umm... h-hi... I’m K-Karen.”

”H-hello. I’m Rosalynne...” I said back.

“I-I noticed y-you are always o-on your o-own, and I-I was wondering if y-you could b-be m-my friend?”

”W-why?”, I asked apprehensively.

”B-because... I-I d-don’t have any. I-I’m always on m-my own too...”

”O-okay...” I stammered back. I thought about it, and I realised that I had never seen her with another person. I’d first spotted her about a week ago, but I’d never seen her with a friend, or well anyone.

She sat down next to me, and we told each other about ourselves.

”I-I only m-moved here 2 w-weeks ago...”

“2 weeks ago? I’m surprised you didn’t make any friends before now. Most girls can make loads in that time.”

“Th-that’s the problem... e-everyone’s already f-formed friend g-groups... and I-I’m e-extremely shy a-around others...”

Karen certainly looked shy around others, she was timid and merely introducing herself to me made her go red in the face. Exactly the kind of girl you just feel like you have to protect.

”Ah, I see. You are too shy to make friends with anyone else, because of their large groups. So you saw me, on my own, and decided it would be easier to ask me as I was also probably quite shy?”

”Y-yeah...”

*Super cliche flash forward affect*

Since then, she’s become far less shy and timid. With her encouragement, I’d even gone on to make a few other friends myself, although she’s been my closest friend so far. She was surprised there I wasn’t that shy at all, and I’d only stayed on my own because of bad past experiences. In the end, she convinced me that I could make friends now as chances are they wouldn’t end up leaving me over some childish reason like in Primary school, and we can’t go to different schools as university is the last educational facility most people go to.

I considered asking her what she remembered about back then, but I didn’t want to wake her up, so I just left her there to sleep until the train was approaching our station and I had to shake her awake.

End of Chapter 7

*024*2019-04-20 04:53

{{14 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a fantastic chapter I am so loving this story

}}

Thanks! I was a bit worried people wouldn’t care so much about the flashback sequence, but luckily it seems it was a success.

*026*2019-04-21 06:46

Chapter 8:

In about 5 minutes, we were going to have to leave the train, and then walk to a bus station. Then, we were going to have to take a specific bus to a specific other station, and then head to another train station.

I really wasn’t looking forward to this.

One reason was that there just too many variables, most of which I can’t control. The train could be late, the bus could be cancelled, there could be a delay with the bus, there could be traffic issues, just to name a few. But the main reason really was myself; one of the many conditions I’m affected by caused something similar to severe mood-swings, almost like a full change in personality. I’m still the same person, but I can act completely different. Normally, I’m a less empathetic and emotional than most, and I lack some of the inhibition most people have, but I can still be really nice and kind despite it.

But at times, I can be a heartless asshole with no conscience or care about any people or know or basically the world in general, but at other times I can be an empathetic kind person who cares about people. Normally I can’t control when it happens, either. The are variations too, it’s not always that predictable, sometimes I’ll end up overwhelmed with emotion and will end just crying on the floor, or I’ll become all clingy and just want to lie with someone I care about all day, but other times I’ll maintain my usual personality for the most part, except lacking basically all inhibition.

This was why I was dreading the transition between different transports.

It wouldn’t be the first time I’d suffered a sudden shift and personality during something like this. My medication mitigates it, and most of the time the switch happens overnight, and I then spend most of the day with whatever variation I ended up with, before returning to normal or getting a different variation. But annoyingly large amounts of emotion tends to cause it at other times, which has led to situations before where I’ve got into trouble as a result. The time I remember most because it came first, many years ago, was when some guy pushed me out of the way and stole my place in the queue at a different train station. I, naturally, got rather angry and went to give him a piece of my mind.

I don’t remember what he said back, but whatever it was it was certainly something awful.

All I remember was that the was the beginning of a fight, and if it wasn’t for a security guard and my friends, there would’ve been a proper fight right there and then. The events are all a blur in my mind, like a lot of incidents like it, they just don’t get remembered properly in the heat of the moment, but as far as I know the guy said something that pissed me off so much I practically lost it, and for the next hour everyone who I was with said I acted like a completely different person. Since then, I’ve determined what causes it to an extent and have medication to mitigate it, but it’s still a serious issue.

Despite my worry, Karen wasn’t concerned at all. She knew what could happen, but instead she held my hand and said!

”It’ll be okay.”

###

Surprisingly, it was. We left the train, walked out of the train station, and all the way to the bus stop, without a single thing happening. And amazingly, the bus even arrived on time. Me and Karen boarded, and I paid, and we sat down on our seats. I breathed a sigh of relief, and leant down on Karen, resting my weight on her shoulder.

”H-hey! You’re heavy, d-don’t do that!”

“Sorry!”, I say, leaning on the wall of the bus instead.

”I’m really glad nothing went wrong back there.”, I say to her.

”I wasn’t worried.”, she said with a smile.

”I was, and I’m even more worried about when we get the next train. I’ve had too many bad experiences with train stations.”

“Don’t be silly, you’ll manage.”

The bus drove for about half an hour, but we were delayed for about 10 minutes due to roadworks.

“Oh god, I hope we don’t end up late because of this bus being slow.”

“H-huh? Late? What do you mean? Am I gonna have time to... n-nevermind.”

“Yeah, we might miss our train if we don’t hurry. We probably won’t have any time and we’ll just have to sprint onto the train.”

”Ah... okay.”

When the bus arrived, we both got off of it, and I grabbed Karen by the hand and sprinted all the way to the train station. Of course, it wasn’t very far, but I still felt very cool for sprinting all the way down the road. We made it into the platform, barely stopping to scan our tickets, and we both stood waiting to the train, gasping for breath.

Luckily, it arrived mere seconds after we reached the plaform.

“A-ah... umm, Rosalynne? There’s s-something I really n-need to d-do...” her voice getting cut off by the train.

”There’s no time, this is our train!” I say, and boarded it, Karen following suit.

End of Chapter 8

*027*2019-04-21 21:45

Stupid glitchy thing ignore this please

*029*2019-04-22 23:35

Chapter 9

Both me and Karen were completely out of breath by the time we were sat down on the train; we’d run all the way here and barely made it. Karen was noticeably shaking. I didn’t think anything of it though.

We stayed in silence for quite a while, the view outside was incredible. In the towns, the view is cool, but eventually you get tired of seeing white painted buildings with red tiles roofs and patios. Out here in the country though, vast areas of grass and other untamed wilderness are commonplace, with farms and fields of bushes and trees also being quite common. You see hills, mountains, the ocean, and even rivers in the distance occasionally. I just sat and relaxed, enjoying the view.

After about 20 minutes however, I found myself getting distracted my Karen, who was still shaking around. I thought she’d stop after catching her breath and calming down, but apparently not. Her face was also red, like it was when she had just finished running. I tried to ingnore it, but as it usually did my mind jumped at the possibility of her needing to pee and I felt myself getting a little aroused at the prospect.

”She might need to... the signs are there, and it’s been nearly 3 hours since we left the café. I know I went, but I don’t know about her. I’m starting to feel a little pressure myself, too.” I though to myself.

I tried to take my mind of her, but after about another 10 minutes I could tell I was right. She was still shaking, but it was a more fidgety movement, and her legs were waving about a little, like she couldn’t stop herself from moving. I was considerably aroused by now, but I tried to stay focused.

”Hey, Karen...” I started, wondering what I could say that might make her admit what was wrong. I knew that if she got too embarrassed she’d never admit it and we’d ended up in enough situations where she’d nearly wet herself because she wouldn’t tell me what was wrong that I knew that was a bad thing.

”Y-yes, R-Rosalynne?”, she said, with a stammer that turned me on even more, reaffirming my suspicions.

”U-umm, are you feeling okay?”

”Y-yes...”

”Good. Do you mind if I leave you for a bit?”

”H-huh? W-why...?”

”I’m going t-to go and see if this train has a t-toilet.”, I explained, faking a slight fidget to show why.

”O-oh... a-a-a t-toilet? O-okay... I-I don’t mind...”, she replied, obviously interested, but trying to hide it nonetheless.

I leant over and gave her a hug, before getting up and walking down the aisle.

I walked all the way down to one end of the train, and then back down to the other, before returning to Karen.

”D-did you find one!?”, Karen asked eagerly.

”No, there isn’t one.”

”A-ah... o-okay...”, said Karen, failing to hide her disappointment.

”Yeah.”

”Umm... are y-y... y-you going to m-mange until w-we s-stop?”, Karen requested, caringly, but with a hitch in her voice where her bladder was protesting.

”Huh? O-oh... don’t worry, I’ll be fine.”

”G-good...” Karen mumbled.

”I-I... I-I’m not sure I will.”, she whispered into my ear.

It was at moments like this where I was really glad I wasn’t a guy. There’s no way I could hide, or probably even explain, the erection I’d be having to deal with. I don’t know for sure without first hand experience, but judging by how aroused Karen was making me I expect it’d be like a diamond.

“S-stay strong, K-Karen. We’ll just be on the train for another hour, I’m sure you can h-hold it for that long.”, I reassured her, holding her hand and squeezing it like she had done to mine a chapter or two ago.

End of Chapter 9

*031*2019-04-23 15:22

{{9 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn I loved that chapter

}}

Good! I was hoping you would. : )

*032*2019-04-24 17:24

Chapter 10:

Karen’s need was clearly severe. Her legs were crossed, and she was holding herself. But as much as I wanted to help, we were on a train. I couldn’t really do anything.

I started a conversation with her, trying to take her mind off of it.

”So, what did you think of the flight yesterday?”

”H-huh? I-it was a-alright, I g-guess.”

”Yeah, I’ve seen much worse.”

...

”You know,”, I continued, “once, I was on a flight where they had to give the plane a jumpstart.”

”W-wait, w-what!?”, cried a surprised Karen, before suddenly moaning again and grabbing herself tighter.

”Sorry, I-I shouldn’t have shocked you.”, I said, alarmed.

...

”It was nothing too serious, but the right engine wouldn’t start as it’s battery had died. The pilot said to us that something was wrong, and they were going to have to reboot the aeroplane. Yes really. They shut everything down, the air con went off, the lights, everything. It was dark and silent for a minute, and then everything started up again. Except the right engine. So we had to sit there, on the taxiway, while a lorry drove up with a massive trailer, and plugged it into the plane. Then, there was a few minutes of nothing, and then the engine suddenly roared into life. We were all thinking; ‘we are so f**ed.’ But then it took off fine! It worked! Apparently, the alternator had failed and the battery was empty, and they couldn’t start it. So they jumpstarted it, and it recharged the battery in the air as they had already fixed the alternator earlier.”, I explained.

”N-no way...” said Karen.

”Yes way! It did happen, I swear on it!”

...

Our conversation continued for some time, like most of our conversations it covered a variety of topics and all sorts of stuff. Probably the only real bit worth noting when was I told her about how I nearly got a Darwin Award by connecting a 25kilowatt flyback transformer to an electric motor and caused a massive explosion. I survived, luckily, but that’s another story. The laughter at this nearly caused Karen to wet herself, but she limited it to just a little spurt.

Karen’s desperation got obviously worse as the ride went on. She was fidgeting worse and worse, then squirming. Then she crossed her legs tighter and tighter until she could barely hold them still. By the end of the ride, she was holding on with both hands, and moaned every time the train shook too much. By some miracle, she was still enduring it when we arrived.

Eventually, the train drew up at the station. It was right near the coast, and right in the middle of nowhere. There wasn’t even a nearby village. I climbed out quickly, and had to wait while Karen carefully stepped out, trying not to leak everywhere. As you might expect, she ran as fast as she could to the bathrooms, and I followed her, hoping I could go myself as the slight pressure I mentioned last chapter was getting pretty uncomfortable.

I walked into the ladies, only to find Karen standing in shock looking at two cubicles both marked out of order. Well, one was marked out of order, (in Portuguese, mind you.) the other had a sign that had something different drawn on (also in Portuguese) that I didn’t know how translate.

”W-wait, what does the other sign say?”

Karen squirmed, hands too busy to do anything, so I took her phone from her pocket, tapped in her code, and translated it for her.

”Beware of the Leapard?”

For a second, there was silence. Then I started laughing. I turned the sign over, still laughing, and saw that the other side said the same out of order message as the other cubicle. Anyone who doesn’t get this reference is probably quite confused, but at the time I was amazed to find that someone else who visited here was a Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy fan. Karen got the joke too, but was far too desperate to laugh.

”Look, Karen, I have an idea.”, I said, removing one of 3 bottles of water I had with me from my bag.

It’s a tradition of mine, ever since I got stuck in traffic and drove (well, was driven) 4 miles in 6 hours on an LA Freeway once, I’ve always made sure to bring multiple bottles of water with me. This particular bottle was mostly full, around 750ml, but was the most empty one.

”If I give you this, you can go, or at least let a little out with it, right?”

”N-nngh... m-maybe... b-but I can’t t-take it m-much longer...”

I quickly opened the bottle, and drank all of it in one uninterrupted swig, seeing Karen wince at the flowing liquid.

”Here.”, I said, handing it to her.

”D-don’t... l-look...”, she moaned, dancing on the spot, trying to lower her panties without having her dam burst.

I ran outside, and shut the door to the toilets.

Of course, I listened. The sound was really quite hot, and you could tell how overladen she was from the sudden release and the sheer volume of sound. It didn’t last for long though, and stopped after a couple of seconds. I mean, I know her bladder is infamously tiny among her few friends, but still!

”A-are you done?”, I asked, apprehensively.

”Y-yeah... that’s all I-I can manage...”

The bottle was only about 300ml full.

”A-are you sure? Is that really all you can manage? Surely, you still need to go?”

”Y-yes! I still n-need to g-go, but it’s much less bad. I’m t-too embarrassed to let any more out...”

I sighed, took the bottle from her, and while doing the lid up, I said:

”Why didn’t you tell me you were gonna get so embarrassed before I drank so much of it! You aren’t the only one who needs the bathroom!”

”W-well, w-why did you drink so much of it if you h-have to g-go!”

Because I’m a massive idiot, I thought.

“Because I thought you’d fill up most of it, after all that squirming you’ve been doing!”

”O-okay... I-I guess that makes sense. Please can you give me something to w-wipe with though...”

I gave her some tissues, put the lid back on the bottle, and washed it in the sink, before putting it back in my bag.

”N-no! D-don’t keep it! Throw that away!”

”I’m not throwing it away as I know you’ll need it again later. And besides, there’s no bin in here.”

Karen, admitting I was right, albeit begrudgingly, followed me out of the women’s room once she had pulled her panties back on.

End of Chapter 10:

Fun fact: That scene with the signs on the cubicle has actually happened to me! Except, I was with a Portuguese local, and Karen wasn’t with me on that particular holiday.

*033*2019-04-25 00:51

Chapter 11:

Once we had left the bathroom, I started searching through my backpack, looking for my some stuff I’d prepared. We both had suitcases when we arrived in Portugal, but this morning I’d moved the essentials from mine into my rather large backpack and put my suitcase in the post, knowing it’d arrive at my family’s villa in about a week so I could use it later when my family arrived. Karen, however, had refused to part with any of her clothes, and had kept her suitcase. I knew this would make it harder for her later, but that’s her problem not mine.

I eventually found what I’d been looking for, some maps I’d sketched or brought and a list of directions. The route wasn’t too hard, I thought we could do it.

While I was reading the map, getting my compass and all that, Karen saw me holding all these paper documents, entered the postcode I’d told her earlier into google maps, and walked off in front of me laughing. While I do have a phone, it’s ancient and purely does calls. I was serious about using these maps, but Karen’s superior 4G mobile technology gave her a significant avantage.

I packed my maps back up, and followed after her. I expect she thought I was just messing with her, as I have a collection of ancient technology at home, and I do quite often use it for my jokes. Like when I first went out to town with Karen, I brought a 1980’s Mobile Phone I got in a charity shop for a few quid, and at one pointed pretended I had to call someone, took it out of my bag, extended the massive antennae it had, and then laughed almost to the point of collapse at Karen’s shocked expression. I still have it too, it’s amazing; like a brick but even more useless. (And heavy!)

Karen was used to these jokes by now, notable examples including the time when I brought a typewriter to a class we both had, or when I surprised her with a 1970’s alarm clock when she stayed over with me, or when she asked me to put on a song she liked, and I got out a Vinyl record of it and causally placed it on my living room turntable. I actually had one planned for this trip too, but these maps weren’t to do with it. I’d brought with me an old VHS-C Camcorder from the very early 2000s, given to me as a child by my aunt. It was hidden in a camera case, so Karen couldn’t tell how old it was, and I had some tapes in my backpack, along with a modern digital camera. This is a tradition I follow whenever I go on a holiday with someone for the first time, I love the look on their face when I eject the tape.

”Rosalynne, it’s 2015, not 1815. We don’t need paper maps anymore.” Karen said me, sarcastically, when I caught up.

”I know, but I don’t have a phone with the capabilities of yours. I use my iPad at home, but I don’t have any of your new fangled 3G or whatever.”

”You know we have 4G now. And you can buy movies on discs too, you don’t need tapes. And you might be shocked to find out that TVs can be hung on walls and don’t weigh enough to break your foot.”

“Christ Karen, I’m not that behind on technology.”

”Yeah, but I honestly can’t believe you are still using a flip phone, in 2015.”

“That’s because I have you, you use the modern magic so I don’t have to.”

Karen just laughed, and continued on.

The path we were taking was a small coastal pathway, currently taking us along a cliff edge, but we could see in the distance that it would later go down to the coastline. I was a bit alarmed by the lack of civilisation, but it was exiting nonetheless. Except for one thing; I really shouldn’t have downed that whole bottle of water. Normally I can go for considerably longer than Karen, but drinking all that water wasn’t helping. I would be distracted from the issue by the sights around me, and the journey we were undertaking, but every step reminded me of the bottle filled with Karen’s urine was still in my backpack, focusing me on my needs and arousing me.

I wasn’t exactly worried though, unlike Karen I have no objection to squatting down somewhere and just going there and then. Karen however, I knew would be very embarrassed and would likely push herself beyond her limits before she gave into the temptation to relieve herself in public. I’m pretty certain she only used the bottle earlier was because she knew she wouldn’t make it for more than a few seconds longer, as was obvious by the damp spots on her panties that I got to see earlier. I decided I’d wait before peeing as I knew Karen wouldn’t like it, and I thought I could probably manage until we found civilisation.

We walked for a while, taking in the sights of the sea, the beaches over the edge, and the hills to the west. Vegetation ranged from trees to grass, occasionally flowers and even a very rare cactus. But there was one thing that stuck out to me; abandoned buildings. They were everywhere! This is something you get all the time out here in Portugal, no matter where you are, you’ll find both sole abandoned houses or farms and clusters of buildings out in fields. It’s more common in rural areas and got worse after the final crisis of 2007-8. It’s so strange, as you never get them out in the UK.

Me and Karen decided to explore one. This is something I’ve always wanted to do, since I was a little girl. We ran over to one that was near the path, an abandoned cottage from the looks of it. Single story, like most, and the roof had collapsed partially. Inside we didn’t find much, it was pretty empty. There was a dresser however, which contained a book, covered in years of dust. I took the book, because this house was totally abandoned, it looked like we were the first ones to visit in more than 12 years, judging by the graffiti on the back marking it as being visited by “Sam, Dave, and Langley” in 2003.

Before we left and made it back to the path, I decided to climb the house. Using part of the collapsed roof, I was able to pull myself on top. It was difficult, since I weigh quite a lot. But, ignoring the protests of my uncomfortably full bladder, I managed to reach the top. I took a look around the nearby area and into the distance, the extra 7 feet of height offered by the house helped me see, but I couldn’t see any towns, except maybe a small village in the north.

...

Then, the roof collapsed.

...

I passed out in shock.

...

I woke up in Karen’s arms, just outside the building. Apparently, I was on top of the roof, when it started to crumble. She tried to warn me, but before I realised the support gave way and it all fell down. She’d managed to grab me, and took me out of the wreckage. About 5 minutes had passed, and then I’d woken up on my own.

”A-Are you all r-right?”, she said worriedly.

”I’m k-kind of amazed you s-survived a fall like that w-without w-w-wetting y-yourself.”, she said, looking down my body and putting her hand on my bladder.

”It feels r-really f-full, doesn’t it? Are y-you s-sure you can m-make it to the v-villa like this?”, she then whispered, removing her hand from my bladder and brushing my hair from my forehead with it.

“Y-yeah... I’ll be fine. I’m kind of amazed I stayed dry through the fall, but I’ll be fine until we get there. It’s you I’m a bit worried about, you nearly exploded on the train, and yet you only let 300ml out. Are you sure you can manage?”, I asked her.

”I’m f-f... f-fine too. I’ll be here to support you though, if you need help with your own trouble, don’t forget that.”, she replied, smiling.

She was acting a little different to normal. For the most part, like me, she avoids the topic of others needing to go, and only mentions herself when absolutely necessary. Actually feeling my bladder was completely new, I’d never seen her do something like that before. Maybe she was just trying to be more bold, but whatever it was it was pretty hot for me.

End of Chapter 11

Another fun fact: I have actually done exactly this, and collapsed a roof while standing on it. It did break, and I did survive, but I didn’t have a cute girl with me to save me that time.

*035*2019-04-25 15:14

{{9 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

What fantastic two chapters

}}

Thank you!

*036*2019-04-26 05:53

I planned to post yesterday, but then I played Final Fantasy VII for 8 hours. Anyway:

Chapter 12

As much as I loved the feeling of Karen holding me like she was, I could see the sun was setting. We needed to get to the villa we were staying at.

I tried to get up.

“Ahh.. o-ooh...” I moaned, feeling the pressure on my bladder seem to double in strength. I was going to just head off, as I thought I could take it, but if it’s this bad...

“Oh second thought, K-Karen, w-wait here a minute, okay? I’ll be b-back soon.”, I said, forcing my body to get up despite my bladder’s objections.

“H-huh? A-alright...”

I walked past the abandoned house, and squatted down behind it.

It was harder than ever to keep holding, in this position especially.

I tried to lower my panties, but remembered I was wearing trousers. I had to stand back up, and remove them, and then lower my panties, the whole time I was dancing around trying to resist. In the end, I was able to squat back down and I unleashed it all there into the grass. Oh man, did it feel good. I wasn’t exactly at my limit, I probably could’ve fought on for another 20 minutes or so, but now was a convenient time and I had no reason to put up with such discomfort.

I felt the pressure alleviate as it came flooding out, a raging torrent of almost completely clear liquid.

After about a minute, the flow came to a stop, and I wiped myself with some paper towels and pulled my panties back up, followed by my trousers.

I turned to run back to Karen, feeling thoroughly relieved, only to see her standing by the wall, watching. Upon seeing me, her face went completely red, and she hid from view. I, naturally, walked up really close, and whispered: “Hentai...” into her ear, with a perfect impression of her favourite anime girl.

“S-shut up! I’m n-not perverted! I j-just... got curious, th-that’s all!”, she replied defensively.

”Yeah, I know. I don’t care anyway.”

’I-I’m still amazed y-you aren’t embarrassed b-by what y-you just d-did...”

”I’m not. It just doesn’t embarrass me. I’d rather get seen going than be desperate.”, I said.

“Anyway, should we get going? It’s gonna get dark soon.”, I continued.

”Yeah, w-we should.”

We both headed back round the abandoned cottage and started heading down the path again. We were quiet for a while, not really talking, but my mind was racing. Karen was definitely acting a bit different recently. Yesterday, she prevented me from going and put her hand on my bladder, and now today she does a similar thing. She’s even been commenting on how full both my and her bladders are. This is really odd, why would she start doing this now? She’s always been incredibly shy about this kind of thing, but then again, so have I.

I thought of a few theories. Maybe she found out somehow that I was into this? But then why would she start acting like this if she wasn’t into it? Is she experimenting to find out if she is? Or maybe she was into it herself, and was only now trying to test if I was interested. That would explain why she was so embarrassed to even mention it, I used to be the same before I realised I don’t really care about people finding out about my own personal needs, but even I don’t like asking others about it for fear of giving myself away. Maybe this is just coincidence and she wanted to be less embarrassed about it. I wasn’t sure, but I couldn’t help but hope that she turned out to be into it too, that would be awesome. I decided I’d ask her at some point, but not yet.

...

We continued down the path for about half an hour before anything interesting happened. The path started to go down. So far, it had been mostly up on the cliff edges, but now it was definitely going down to the beach level. I couldn’t help but think this was really cool, as it really was. We went down the incline for about a minute, then I looked down, my curiosity taking precedence over my crippling fear of heights.

I looked over the edge, trying to stay near the centre of the path.

I started to breathe heavily and panic; my legs basically collapsed under me.

Luckily, Karen was there to grab me, and held me up.

“S-stay calm. Y-you can do it, I’ve g-got you.”

”Thank you.”, I replied.

”It’s f-fine.”

Before long, I was able to support myself again, and I had to pull myself away from Karen. I stuck to the inside of the path so I couldn’t see the drop this time.

Now, while fear of heights can seem like a very babyish fear, I have it worse than most people. You see, I can’t perceive depth. At all. I just have no depth perception. Ever since I was a baby girl, one of my eyes hasn’t been working properly, and was weaker than the other. But when I really young, the doctors didn’t do anything assuming it would get better. But it didn’t. They could’ve solved this by treating it when I was around 2, but instead they jumped through enough hoops to complete an Olympic event, beating around far more bushes than necessary, and finally had my treatment ready when I was 4 and a half.

The treatment they had for me was a patch over my good eye, which forced my body to use the weaker one, the idea being it would strengthen it. But because they waited 2.5 years the treatment no longer worked, my weak eye was so atrophied from lack of use (my body just defaulted to the good eye and stopped using the weak one at all) that it couldn’t recover. So they gave up with patch thing and just said to my mum that as I could see perfectly well through my good eye it shouldn’t matter too much.

So then over the next 12 years I just used one eye. But then I had to get glasses, as I couldn’t see properly out of either eye anymore. The optician was amazed that I could seamlessly switch between eyes without batting an eyelid, simply because I only ever used one. In the end, he prescribed lenses that perfectly fit both eyes. But evening with the glasses, which let me see almost perfectly out of the weaker eye, I didn’t start using both at once like a normal person. I’m so used to using just one, that just how I normally see.

Over the last 4 years, I’d started using both eyes, kinda. Although at first, I was seeing double vision and all sorts, I eventually got better and now see properly. But I still often just use one eye and don’t notice. Unfortunately for me, I still don’t benefit from the main advantage of having two eyes, depth perception. I think my optician said that as I never developed the skills to determine depth like most people, I don’t see it, and might never be able too. I’ve developed some workarounds for this however, at a slight angle, so I can see a different side of an object, I can work out it’s depth, to a limited extent. But it doesn’t work the best as you need the correct angle, it’s a similar method to what those old isometric 3D DOS games used back in the 90’s, like XCOM.

Anyway, all of these means is that I have no idea how deep a drop is. Even jumping down a large step is terrifying, as it can look as bad as a 6-foot deep hole. Sometimes, it’s even easier to close one eye and use just one, as I can sort of see depth when I use both, but not very accurately: without any real experience, I can’t tell a metre from 10 metres. So looking down this hundreds of metre high cliff? It was a nightmare. Imagine how high it actually was, but you didn’t know how high it rewlly was, and the drop looked 3 times longer than it really was.

...

Once I had picked myself up, we headed off again. The path had become really interesting, it was carved out of the edge of the cliff and went up and down. It was super weird to be honest, but you do see stuff like this sometimes. Strangely though, despite how cool this was, very little of interest happened as I was hiding away the edge and Karen wasn’t interested in looking down; we didn’t really talk either. Before long, the path had gone back to normal, except it was starting to turn away from the cliff edge.

End of Chapter 12

*038*2019-04-27 01:10

{{18 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a fantastic chapter

}}

Thanks!

*039*2019-04-27 01:44

Chapter 13

Although nothing happened while the path was carved into the cliff side, almost as soon as we had returned the top of the cliff something did happen.

Karen suddenly stopped in front of me and crossed her legs.

I, of course, had been expecting this, as I’d been keeping an eye on her shaking and fidgeting, which was getting steadily worse.

”Are you doing okay, Karen?”

”D-do I l-look like I-I... I-I’m okay!?”

”No, you look like you are about to burst. You know, we are outside. You can just go anywhere, it’s all grass.”

”N-NO! I-I mean... I-I couldn’t... I definitely couldn’t! Not completely exposed, in public!”

”What do you mean, completely exposed and in public? We are the only two here, and therefore it doesn’t matter if you’re exposed. I’ll happy to look away, but it’s not like you gave me any privacy.”

”I-I know... but it’s really h-hard to g-go when I’m n-not in p-private. Even if n-no one’s th-there. And I definitely c-couldn’t go o-on th-the g-grass! I-I’m sorry for earlier, too...”, said Karen, her face going deeper red when I brought up her watching me. She obviously was pretty embarsssed by that.

”I don’t mind about earlier. If you can’t manage on the grass, perhaps you’d do better if you used the bottle? I kept it, remember?”

”M-maybe... I-I don’t need t-to go that b-bad yet, I can k-keep going. I-I think...”

”Alright, if you can take it. Let’s hurry.”

And we started going again, Karen now had one hand clutching herself, but she was able to continue without stopping to cross her legs again for now.

As we walked onwards, the village I’d spotted in the distance was becoming larger and larger. You could see the separate buildings, it couldn’t have been that far away. Back home, we would’ve called this “a country mile”, a comedic statement derived from the way a mile used to mean different distances depending on where in Britain you were; it was often longest in the country, but always by different amounts. I expect it was about 2-3 proper miles away.

Weirdly, I always felt really tied in situations like this. Karen, squirming around in front, desperately wanted the bathroom. But at the same time, I wanted her to have to keep holding. And to make things worse, I also want her to make it, as she’s my friend. For the most part, I just enjoy the experience, and leave the rest up to chance.

Now, I thought to myself, it’s a race against time to see if Karen’s bladder will hold.

End of Chapter 13:

That’s all for tonight, sorry if it’s a bit short. I planned to write more earlier, but Final Fantasy VII has taken over my life and I spent all day playing that, and now I need to go to sleep or I won’t be able to wake up in the afternoon.

*041*2019-04-28 02:13

{{22 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a fantastic chapter

}}

Thanks!

*042*2019-05-01 01:54

Chapter 14:

I attempted to talk to Karen a few times, but she never really continued the conversation. I figured she must be focusing entirely on not setting herself, and left her to it.

I opened my backpack, took out my Sony Walkman and a Type-III Ferro-Chromium cassette I’d burned a mixtape onto, and started listening to it. Honestly, this one device perfectly embodies all the problems I have with my retro collection. I brought it to look cool on a shelf, and to be a good method of playing cassettes on the go if I ever needed to. (It’s a proper professional model too, with Dolby-C capabilities and can play basically any tape.)

But then, about a year ago, one of my other friends blew me away with some crazy device he called an “Mp5 player” which let him watch videos and listen to music, no matter where he was! (He still teases me for saying “Mp5!? Back in my day we didn’t even have Mp3!”)

I went looking around my house to see if I had anything similar, and stupidly this Walkman was the most modern device I have for listening to portable music. And now, here I am, walking down a road in rural Portugal, still using it a year later as I’ve never found a reason to bother upgrading. That and it’s hilarious to confuse modern kids as most of them have never seen a cassette tape.

Karen would normally joke around with me about this, but today she wasn’t talking much, as I said before.

The walk to the village only took around another half hour, and by the end Karen couldn’t stay even close to still. I looked at my directions, and guided Karen down the correct road, trying to focus as hard as I could on getting her there. I found the route, and walked up it, trying to reassure Karen that it was only about a 5 minute walk.

After about 10 minutes, we arrived. My estimate was on point, but Karen had to keep stopping to dance around with her legs double crossed. Eventually, we reached the top a hill that overlooked the village. The path was steep as all hell, most cars would struggle with it. But we made it, and I had to leave Karen moaning in discomfort on a bench near the house while I fumbled around for the keys, which I eventually found inside of an old flower pot, with a doormat inside.

”Y-yes... y-yes...! F-finally... th-thank y-you...” Karen mumbled as I finally got the door open. She jumped up from the bench and sprinted towards the doorway... only to immediately slip and fall on the marble tiles. Most buildings out here are built in a similar way to resist heat, and this was no exception: white painted walls, red tiles for the roof and patio, channels cut into the roof terrace that lead any rain down into barrels for use with the hose, strong wooden furniture and door frames, and of course, white marble tiles that can be very slippery if you don’t know what you are doing.

When I walked into my family’s villa for the first time, age 3, I did exactly the same thing. Karen, having never visited a Portuguese villa like this, made the same mistake I’d made 15 years prior.

I dived forwards the second I saw her slip, and was able to grab her, preventing her from going headfirst into the wall. This was lucky, as I’ve managed to crack my head open in very similar circumstances before.

”I’ve got you!” I shouted, and used weight to pull her backwards. Effectively, I ended up hitting the floor myself, pulling Karen towards me, and then catching her on top of me.

”K-Karen! Are you all right!?” I continued to shout, panicked and frightened.

Karen didn’t reply. She just started to cry, clearly in serious distress.

I felt something strange, something warm, all over my lower body, just underneath Karen.

End of Chapter 14:

Sorry for not posting these past few days, Final Fantasy VII and some games I’m playing with a friend have been consuming all my free time.

*044*2019-05-01 06:10

{{Just now, Melificentfan said:

That was a fantastic chapter

}}

Thanks!

