Kagome Tickled

Author: Meowth

*000*2010-08-13 01:46

This was originally supposed to be entitled Kagome's Morning, but for some reason I named my other fic that, even though only the first chapter is in the morning. Oh well, here is the story. I wrote it awhile ago, so it's not quite up to par with my other one, but I touched up the grammar to make it alright. Enjoy!

Kagome was sleeping in her bed when her eyes began to creep open. She lay there for a minute, looking around her room, with the sun light pouring in through the blinds. Soon enough though, she noticed the tingling sense in her abdomen. She had to pee, and it was getting bad. She decided to lie just a little longer… she was so comfortable. She had Inuyasha next to her and the blankets kept the chilly air from bothering her. Some how she knew this was a bad move, but her female intuition came second priority to comfort, at least at the moment. She was simply relaxing, with her eyes glazed, when she felt Inuyasha moving.

“Inuyasha, are you awake?” She asked softly.

“Yeah. Good morning.” He said yawning.

“Morning.” She mumbled back.

“How did you sleep?”

“Pretty good, I suppose. You?” She asked fidgeting a little.

“Hmhm.” He said sitting up. “We should be getting up.”

“No…. just a little longer….” Kagome mumbled not wanting to leave the confines of her bed even though a little longer might be pushing it a little far.

“Oh come on! Rise and shine.” Inuyasha said as he reached over and gave her a quick tickle.

“Stop.” Kagome said giggling.

“Come on….” Inuyasha said ticking her some more.

“No, seriously, stop.” She said softly laughing.

Inuyasha started to tickle her more, and got on top of her when she tried to flee.

“Inu-Inuyasha! I-I’m serious….!” She said laughing hysterically.

Inuyasha just laughed as he tickled her.

“Inuyasha! I have to pee!” Kagome said desperate and blushing. She meant she was going to pee though. By now, the pressure was much worse and Inuyasha being on her lap was not helping. Inuyasha just continued to tickle her. The longer it went on (which hadn’t even been very long) the worse it got. She knew she couldn’t take it much longer, if any longer. She tried to push out one more plea before disaster but she was laughing to hard. By now, she was contemplating letting a little pee go so he would smell it and know to stop, but she knew that once she let go, she wouldn’t be able to stop.

Finally, the tensing of her body pushed out a couple drops that were quickly absorbed by her Pj pants. Unfortunately for her, it was too little to late. She couldn’t contain her bladder anymore. She felt a short squirt, quickly followed by a long squirt. Then, it just flowed out. She felt the foreign liquid wet her thighs and pool around her crotch and butt. It started to pour out the bottom and wet her bed as it ran down her legs. Inuyasha stopped ticking her when he noticed Kagome was really flushed, and he heard a weird sound. She soon stopped laughing, but she didn’t stop peeing. She heard the hissing too, and mumbled a quick ‘Oh crap’ and lay there wetting her pants…. and her bed.

Inuyasha quickly got off her and stood watching the bed spread get dark as her pee covered it. He was surprised, amazed, and even a little guilty.

“Kagome, you’re peeing yourself!” He said laughing.

“I’m so sorry!” She said almost in tears.

“Don’t apologize, I should be sorry. I’m the one who made you…. pee.”

“Doesn’t it disgust you?”

“Not really. It’s kinda funny.”

“Ha ha. You got your laughs” Kagome said, glad he wasn’t disgusted. She was now getting tired of sitting in a puddle of her own urine. She pulled the cover off her and saw her soaked pants and bed. She stood up and readjusted her pj pants.

“Crap! What a mess! What am I gonna tell my mom? *gasp* What about Souta?!”

She couldn’t believe she peed herself. It has been months since the last time it happened… which is actually pretty pathetic being perfectly continent. Her mom would understand. They would just have to keep it a secret from Souta like the other times. Souta had a way about finding out about some of them though.

Criticism, comments, and requests are welcome as always. By the way, this was only intended to be one chapter, but who knows, maybe I'll write more.

*002*2010-08-13 04:39

{{: 

I like it very much. It's easy to read and get into the action taking place. Being an omorashi fan, I would love to tickle a girl until she peed herself someday, even though she might do the same to me to get me back lol. Again, nice job.

}}

Thanks for the compliment. Although it probably goes without saying, I would love to tickle a girl till she peed herself as well. I'm sure there are plenty of people here who would agree. And hopefully, that dream will someday come to fruition.

*003*2010-08-13 08:39

{{: 

Yay, another Inuyasha fanfic! ^^

I liked it, I'm glad you got Inuyasha involved this time to. I could see that actually being Inuyasha's reaction to the situation also, heheh.

I'm also a big fan tickling someone until they wet !

Overall another great story ^^

}}

Thanks for the reply. Always good to see someone enjoying my stories :)

*005*2010-09-27 00:23

{{: 

I like it. . .I just watched the ninth episode of InuYasha and I wonder what it would be like if Kagome really peed herself infront of InuYasha, but I was plannin to make a fan-fic of Kagome peein, I would if I finished the series, but I really wanted there to be some more InuYasha fan-fics on this site :)

Isabella.

}}

I may write some more about Inuyasha and post them myself, but recently I've been taking a break.

*009*2010-10-18 23:26

{{: 

Hello Meowth,

I have my own story called "Katara's Desperation". . .do you know that story? If you do or not please View its chapters.

}}

I have indeed seen your story. Although I haven't read it all the way through, I have skimmed over it. I would probably be more willing to go all the way through if you put more time into to it. I would be more specific on what you should put more time into, but that would be pretty much everything. Plot, grammar, ect.

