The long flight

Author: m1tanker632

*000*2014-07-10 16:44

Jessica sat bolt upright in the bed, immediately aware that something was wrong. She looked over at the bedside clock in her hotel room and panicked. Her alarm had failed to go off and she had overslept by more than an hour. Her flight left Logan in less than 2 hours. Even at 6 AM getting through security would be a mess. She slipped out of bed and quickly through on her black knee length skirt, and white blouse. She had not time for a shower, she decided to keep her light blue panties on from yesterday. Thank God she thought as she noted the coffee had brewed on time. She poured a steaming cup and packed her bags.

At 4:30 she poured the rest of the coffee into her travel mug and dragged her gear to the elevator. Damn she thought as she reached the lobby, I need to pee, but I got to get a taxi and go. After ten minutes she flagged a taxi and took off into the 5 am rush-hour traffic..."to Logan International" she told the driver "and move quick, my flight leaves in 1 hour." Thirty minutes later she debarked the taxi and immediately felt an intense urge to pee, she quickly crossed her legs and through her hands into her crotch, the urge subsided, but she knew she had better find a bathroom before boarding the flight or she would be in trouble. She hobbled towards the security checkpoint, at least she already had her tickets thanks to her company.

Her concern about getting through security was confirmed, at least 25 people were waiting their turn for scanning and the blasted TSA only had two points open this early. As she pulled her carry on into line another urge hit her, this one even stronger, she barely managed to keep from wetting her satin blue panties right there in line. Damn, only 40 minutes to departure and line was not moving fast.

It took 30 minutes for her to get to the screening point. By now she was nearly shaking she had to pee so bad. She threw her computer case and carry-on on the belt and was about to go to the wand station when the other TSA agent looked at her and pointed her to the new fangled air-blow explosives detector, the kind you had to step into and have the door closed. It was the newest version so it also took x-rays of the body, and unbeknownst to her had an infrared system to detect heat. She stepped in and was hit with multiple puffs' of cold air as the machine went into action, despite knowing what was coming she was surprised and immediately lost control of her bladder, a two second squirt of pee exploded into her light blue satin panties, soaking her pantied crotch and a small stream hit the floor of the machine. With great effort she stopped the stream, but the damage was done.

In the small room off to the side the TSA agent, a 20 year old women, named Beth, right out of community college was scanning the passengers. As the good looking blond in the short skirt entered the booth she pushed the button and hit her with the air, to her surprise the infrared detector chirped and she looked in shock as a red heat signature blossomed in the crotch of the women in the machine. Beth couldn't believe it the women had just peed into her panties in the machine. Beth was immediately aroused by this, having never seen a grown women wet herself. A naught thought hit Beth, what if she peed into her white cotton panties right there?

All TSA workers wore the dark blue slacks no one would know. With a slight squeeze she released her pee into her panties and it ran down the pant legs of her slacks. She was so horny she had to masturbate, she called her supervisor and told her she needed a restroom break. Ok came a voice over the phone go ahead. Beth rushed to the nearby TSA lounge, entered the bathroom stall and pulled her wet slacks down, looking at the soaked white panties she sat on the toilet and peed again, masturbating furiously through the soaked materials. She came instantly, what a thrill. She would go home and do it again.

Jessica, embarrassed, but not guessing that the TSA worker knew what she had done in the machine, had to hobble to the end of the conveyer and grab her stuff. Holding her wet crotch she did her best to move down the concourse towards her gate, 10, she was at gate 1 and had only minutes to board. Oh my God, the restroom was closed for cleaning, and as she looked towards her gate there was only 2 people left to board the aircraft. She knew she was not going to make it, to the bathroom that is. Gate 9 was not in use and she heard over the intercom "final boarding for flight 1025 to LA, the door closes in 1 minute. She was now leaking into her panties with every step and decided she had to pee now. She went into the employee area of gate 9 where they scan your tickets and squatted down, lifted her skirt and began to pee her panties in earnest, she watched as her soaking blue panties streamed pee, the puddle growing larger under her.

As she finished wetting herself, she felt a great relief, but the stewardess was starting to close the door. Despite the wet streaks on her legs and the slight dripping coming from her soaked panties, she yelled "wait, I need to board". The flight attendant waived her to hurry. Jessica streaked for the door, and yelled "thanks for holding it for me". Melissa looked at her companion, Darcy and said "I think that women pissed her panties over there, did you see the wet streaks on her legs?" Darcy said " Yeah, I think so too, look at the drips down the ramp, poor thing now she is going to have to sit in her wet panties until LA. Melissa couldn't believe what she had just seen, her fetish for panty wetting was not new, and she had even convinced Darcy to try it in their hotel room after the last lay over. She had to pee really bad now, not even sure she could hold it for the 4 hour flight to LA.....To be continued.

*003*2014-07-13 13:01

Is there a way for me to fix the tag?

