Tom and Kelly

Author: Pvtpipes

*000*2013-11-05 01:25

Tom awoke slowly in the darkness of their bedroom. His chocolate brown eyes opened groggily, blinking a few times in an effort to clear his vision as he tried to make out the red display on the small alarm clock resting on the oak nightstand next to the bed he shared with his girlfriend, Kelly. He moaned as consciousness seeped into his mind and, blinking again, he finally made out the digits glaring back at him.

4:52am

There was a good bit of space between him and Kelly as she tended to sleep on the edge of the bed. Rolling onto his back, Tom stretched his legs beneath the down comforter and yawned quietly. He drew in a quick breath when he suddenly felt a cold dampness underneath his right hip. Opening his eyes fully, he gently pulled the covers down and patted his green cotton boxers. Tom furrowed his brow, nearly knitting his brown eyebrows together when he noted that, while his boxers were dry, the bed sheet beneath him was not. He sat up and grabbed his phone, using it to shine some light from its screen on the bed.

Oh no. Not again.

The wet spot was spread halfway up Kelly’s back and centered on her pink, cotton-clad bottom. The right side of her thick pajama pants, the side she was currently sleeping on, was thoroughly soaked down almost to the back of her knee while her thinner, white night shirt was yellowed to just below her ribs. Tom shook his head and placed the phone back on the nightstand next to the clock. He gently placed one hand on her dry left hip and brushed the short, dirty blonde hair from her ear as he leaned over.

“Kelly.” He whispered. “Kelly, honey you need to wake up.” His gentle effort was met with a muffled groan. “Kelly, it happened again. You had an accident. Come on, we need to get you cleaned up.” Tom gently shook Kelly’s hip as she began to move. Her slender arms moved to stretch as she turned over onto her back. Tom cringed as he realized what she must have felt when she did that. Her sky blue eyes opened quickly.

“What time is it?” She asked. Before Tom could answer her, she gasped at the cool dampness beneath her and covering her right leg. As Tom moved to hold her, Kelly batted his hands away and pulled the blanket off of her. Staring down at the sopping mess that was her pants and bed, Kelly said nothing and, pursing her thin pink lips, buried her face in her hands. “God dammit! Why?” Her muffled voice escaped through her fingers as Tom put his arms around her.

“It’s ok. It’s almost time to get up anyway. We’ll clean this up and…” He was interrupted as Kelly pulled away, embarrassed and angry.

“Just…just get a bath and the washer started.” She pulled herself out of the wet bed and stood up. She looked at him with red, puffy eyes and then down at the wet spot. “I’ll take care of this.”

Tom hated to see Kelly like this. This was the third time in a little over a week that she had wet the bed. He knew she was under some stress at work and, going on that, began making an effort to make things as relaxing and stress free as he could at home. He started the washing machine and then went into the bathroom to start the water for Kelly’s bath. As the hot water filled the tub, Tom added some bubble bath into it hoping that would help her mood. As he watched the tub fill, he heard Kelly loading the washer with the sheets and her pajamas. He went into the kitchen to start on breakfast.

Kelly peeled off her soaked panties and threw them angrily into the washer with the rest of the load. She was angry with herself. Angry about not handling the stress, angry about wetting the bed and angry about it not getting any better. She gritted her teeth in shame as she looked down at the soaked, blonde hair between her slender thighs and walked naked into the bathroom. Slowly lowering herself into the tub and muttering under breath about the bubbles, Kelly began thinking to herself.

I’m 27 years old. This is ridiculous. Why am I wetting myself like a damn kid? Maybe it’s the merger. Maybe becoming a junior partner isn’t worth it. What’s Tom got to be thinking of me now?

Kelly stepped out into the kitchen after getting dressed and emptying the tub. At 5’5” and 124lbs, she was an amazing sight. Short, dirty blonde hair framed a small nose and pink lips. Her sky blue eyes brought out the natural red in her round cheeks. She was dressed in a dark blue jacket over a white silk blouse and sported a matching knee-length skirt that showed off her shapely calves. Kelly looked every bit the lawyer she wanted to be throughout college and was very good at what she did. It only made her more ashamed when she woke up in wet pants.

“Enjoy the bubble bath?” Tom sat down opposite her and started eating. Kelly shook her head and began eating as well.

“I’m not a fucking baby, Tom. I don’t need bubble baths and coddling after I wet the bed.” She said it gently enough, but put her fork down as soon as she realized what she said.

“I know.” Tom said quietly. “I’m sorry. I’m just trying to help and…” Kelly looked at him and smiled sadly.

“I’m sorry, Tom. It’s just that I…” she struggled for the words. “I…I don’t know where to go with this. Maybe you’re right and it’s just the stress, but it’s still humiliating as hell to wake up like that.”

“It’ll be fine. Once the merger is done and you’re made a junior partner this will go away.” Tom cocked his head to the left a bit when Kelly bit her lip.

“But what if I don’t make junior partner? Even if the merger goes off without a hitch, there’s no guarantee…” Kelly was stopped mid-sentence. She didn’t even see him get up. Her mouth was suddenly claimed by his in a passionate kiss. She felt his hand caressing her right cheek as his tongue met hers. After a few moments, Tom drew back and smiled.

“Then you don’t get junior partner. It’s not the end of the world. You’ll still have a good job. I’ll still love you.” He kissed her gently again before returning to his seat.

“Even if I’m still peeing in your bed?” Kelly asked sheepishly.

“Yeah.” Tom sat down and resumed eating his breakfast. “Even if you’re still peeing in our bed.”

(( It has been a very long time since I've written any omorashi or any kind of erotica. I'm thinking about making this into a series and would like some feedback. ))

