Daniel and Amy - Page 10

*229*2016-06-02 06:09

Chapter 10: Amy's Thursday

At 6:45, Sonia entered Amy's room. As usual, there was the faintest lingering smell of pee in the air. She stood over her sleeping daughter for a moment, just taking a second to appreciate how cute she looked as she slept. Amy was laying on her back, her left arm curled around her teddy bear, and her right thumb in her mouth. She had braided her hair before going to bed, as it made it easier to brush in the morning, and she now had two long blonde braids framing her delicate high cheekbones. Her little upturned nose quivered slightly as she breathed, and there was the slightest amount of drool on her lips, where she'd been sucking her thumb. It appeared her daughter hadn't worn her pyjamas or nightie, and instead was wearing a big, oversized t-shirt with a picture of Bart Simpson on it. Her delicate little feet, nails freshly painted pink, were sticking out from under the doona.

"My God, she still looks like she's ten years old when she sleeps," Sonia thought, "if you can ignore those big boobs she's getting that is. It's no wonder that boys are starting to pay attention to her with those."

It was still fairly dark outside, so instead of drawing the curtains, Sonia switched the light on, then lightly tickled her daughters exposed foot.

"Wake up honey. Morning time. You've got a big day today!"

Amy quickly drew her feet back under the blankets, and groaned a bit as she woke up. "Huh? Wazza matter?" She mumbled, as she was drawn back to conciousness.

"Time to get up Ames. You've got your dentist appointment today."

Amys head, which had started lifting off the pillow, dropped back down heavily after hearing this, and she moaned again, stating for what seemed like the hundredth time that no, she really didn't want to go to the dentist.

"I'll make a deal with you baby. If you go without carrying on, I'll bring you back home afterwards and you can skip school today." She saw her daughters eyes open wide after hearing this, but before she could speak, Sonia continued. "IF, that is, that she takes out your tooth or gives you a filling. You can't eat any breaky before you go in case they give you anaesthetic, and you may not be able to eat for a few hours afterwards either, and I'm not sending you to school hungry. But wear your uniform just in case. If the dentist fixes your tooth without filling or removing it, we'll have some breakfast after, and I'll take you to school later, okay?"

This had softened the blow a bit, so Amy agreed it could be a good plan.

"Can I have a cup of tea though mum?"

"Yes darling, tea should be fine, but be quick though. You need a shower I think. Your rooms a bit smelly. Are your sheets wet?"

Amy threw the covers back, revealing that her shirt had ridden up to her belly button, and her big, tape on diaper was fully exposed. As usual, it was very swollen, and had a distinctive yellowish tinge between her legs. But her red sheets showed no signs of wetness.

Unlike her boyfriend, Amy had no qualms about her mother seeing her in her diapers. Her protection was by now such an ingrained part of her that it just didn't seem to matter anymore, almost a non event. They didn't have any shame or secrets left over Amy's condition, and even being nude around her mother wasn't a big deal anymore. In fact, even on Sunday, when Amy had messed herself, her mother had had to come into the bathroom and give her daughter a helping hand to remove her messy diaper and clean up. She had grown up with her mother helpings her with her diapers, and it wasn't an issue these days.

Of course her mother didn't know that now Dan was being afforded the same diaper viewing privileges, and Amy hoped that it remained that way.

"Do you want to have a shower first Ames, you look pretty wet?"

"No mummy. I'll have a cuppa first. But you're right, I'm a bit soaked. I think it's because my feet get so cold at night now it's starting to cool down. They just don't stay under the blankets, and I wake up cold, and it makes me pee!"

"I've told you before sweetie. You should wear socks to bed if your feet get cold."

"I know mum. But wearing socks to bed just feels kinda weird. Danny wears socks to bed, and I don't know how he can do it."

Sonia smiled to herself and thought to herself "She hasn't even been awake for two minutes, and she's already talking about Daniel. She must really like him. But he does appear to be a sweet boy I guess."

Amy sat at the table, drinking her tea. Her nappy squelching under her bum as she wiggled on the chair. It was a sensation that she actually kind of liked, although not one that she would tell her mother about. She could easily tell Danny though...

The next stop was the toilet. She liked to try and move her bowels before she showered if she could. But first, she sat her diapered butt on the toilet seat and peed. She hated being incontinent, but did enjoy the feeling that she got by deliberately peeing into a nappy, the way the warmth just spread around her backside and her girl bits. She pushed a bit to get the last of the pee out, and surprised herself by farting. Suddenly fearful that she may have pooped, she quickly ripped her nappy off and examined it, sighing with relief to find it stained yellow, but no incriminating brown stains at all.

Business done, she carried her folded diaper to the bathroom, disposed of it, and had a shower. Whilst washing herself thoroughly between her legs, her thoughts turned towards her boyfriend, and she spent an extra couple of minutes soaping herself down there. By the time she got out, she was super clean around her genitals, and feeling flushed but relaxed. There was a knock on her door, and Sonia poked her head in.

"I want you to wear another big nappy sweetie. If we get stuck there for a while, or if she decides to put you to sleep, you'd be better protected. Take your pull ups with you though, and if you do go to school, you can change first."

Amy didn't argue. As a matter of fact, she had wanted to try wearing a big diaper under her uniform for some time. She rarely wore them outside of home, and she did like the feelings of supreme comfort and security that they afforded her. With the skills of an expert, she quickly taped herself up, put her white knee socks on, then her uniform. That was where she struck her only problem. She always wore a pair of little shorts, or "bloomers" over her pull up. If her dress happened to fly up, they hid her protection, but they only just covered it. With the bigger, thicker tape up diaper on, her bloomers were just too tight. She gave up with a mental shrug, packing them into her bag instead. If she ended up going to school later, she'd put them on when she changed into her pull up. For the moment, she left her big nappy uncovered beneath her dress. Hair unbraided and brushed, nose ring removed, and ten minutes later she was ready.

Just as her mother called for her, her photo beeped. It was a message from Dan, wishing her luck. She took a few seconds to reply, then joined her mother outside.

Sonia noticed how quiet Amy was on the drive. She new it was only nerves, as her daughter hated going to the dentist. It was funny in a way, as Amy had never had a bad experience with a dentist, but it always terrified her anyway.

Their morning commute went without incident, until they got to the off ramp. Sonia indicated her intention to turn, and they had a large truck following them. As she hit the exit ramp, a BMW suddenly cut in front of the following truck. There was a screech of locking brakes, and Sonia looked in her rear view mirror, just in time to see the truck start to jack knife, then suddenly tip. She swung around the bend in the ramp, and there was a thunderous boom from behind them. The BMW sped past them, and quickly disappeared.

"Jesus! That truck just crashed Amy! Right behind us!"

Amy swivelled in her seat, but by that time they were clear of the ramp, and heading down the road. It wasn't until later that they heard that a car had been crushed, and it had been a fatal accident.

Amy searched the front of St Marks on the way past, hoping for a glimpse of Danny, but didn't seem him, or Sues car anywhere. Following Sues instructions, they found the dentist easily, parked, and went inside.

Sonia noticed how jumpy her daughter looked, and understood how much her nerves were on edge. Being an early appointment, they were called in on time, and Amy nervously took a seat in the big chair. As she reclined, she became worried that the dentist would be able to see her nappy under her fairly short school dress, and she tried to tuck it into place between her thighs, and keep her legs together.

The dentist was a professional looking woman in her forties, and after asking both of them some pertinent questions, bent over to examine Amy's mouth. It didn't take long to find the problem, a filling was needed. The dentist surprised them by saying that it could be done straight away, and another appointment wouldn't be required.

Motioning towards the door, she smiled at Sonia, and said "It won't take to long. Why don't you grab a cup of coffee? We have a machine in the reception area, and I'll make a start on Amys tooth."

Amy felt her pulse quicken. She had really hoped her mum would stay with her, but she didn't want to make a scene and let on how scared she was feeling. She tried to appear brave, and gave her mother a rather watery smile as she started to leave the room.

Alone with the dentist now, her anxiety reached new heights. She shifted in her chair, and suddenly felt a warm spot growing in her nappy. Amy hadn't even felt an urge to pee, but now, being almost fully reclined backwards, she realised that she was in the worst possible position to have any guaranteed bladder control.

She crossed her ankles, forcing her thighs tightly together. This seemed to do the trick, at least at first, but then the dentist started probing around inside her mouth with a little pick like instrument.

All of a sudden she became aware of her need to urinate, but was also painfully aware that she couldn't do anything about it. It wasn't like she could just quickly excuse herself and run off to the bathroom, so she redoubled her efforts to hold on.

She couldn't see exactly what the dentist was doing, but could feel a new instrument being inserted into her mouth. The dentist prodded around a bit, then switched the suction on. The sudden noise and sucking sensation made Amy jump nervously in her chair, and she felt a huge warmth flowing over her private area, and seeming to become trapped in the front of her diaper. She quickly spread her legs open, and felt the wetness running through the newly opened escape route between her thighs, where it was quickly absorbed by the thick padding.

Her leak wasn't huge, but it had been short and sharp. She managed to stem the flow, but the entire front of her diaper felt very warm. The young girl knew that any further squirts like that would potentially lead to a diaper failure, so she subtly kept her legs slightly spread, so any further leaks had someplace to escape into.

The dentist rubbed some numbing gel around her gums. After this took effect, she gave Amy a needle in the gum to fully deaden all feeling. Even though Amy couldn't feel it, the sight of the dentist approaching her mouth with the syringe was enough to make her lose control again, this time leaking uncontrollably for perhaps 10 seconds.

Over the next half hour, she leaked from shock or anxiety another three times, and was extremely glad when the pain free procedure was finished with.

At one point, she found herself gripping the hem of her dress tightly, screwing it around in her fist. The dentist had walked around to a cupboard across the room from the base of her chair, and then turned back in her direction. Amy thought that she saw the woman do a brief double take at first, and didn't understand why, but as she walked back towards her again, Amy realised that her twisting of her school dress had hitched it up a bit, and the dentist had caught a glimpse of her diaper, easily visible with her lack of undergarments.

Amy felt herself blushing furiously at the realisation that this smart, professional surgeon had just discovered that her teenage patient was wearing a nappy under her school clothes. Nothing was said however, and soon the filling was completed.

As mother and daughter approached their car, Sonia was asking how it went. Amy struggled to talk clearly with her inside jaw all numb, but by speaking slowly, she was able to make herself understood.

"It was okay I guess. But I got a bit scared. I had an accident."

"Don't worry about that princess. Stuff happens. You didn't leak or anything did you?"

"No mummy. But I think the lady saw my big nappy though"

"I wouldn't worry too much about that Amy. She's a doctor. They see stuff like that all the time, and she won't tell anyone. But anyway, she wouldn't be able to see it through your bloomers."

Amy looked a bit bashful. "Yeah, but I'm not wearing them. They wouldn't fit over the big nappy, so I couldn't wear them. So she would've seen it clearly. And even though I wet myself a bit. I still kinda need to go...."

Sonia just smiled. "That's alright baby. You probably should have found something to wear over it, but it's too late to worry about that now. As for needing to pee, Just hold on until we get next to the car, and you can finish your wee before you get in, alright?"

Amy smiled her relief at her mother. When they got to the car, she opened her door, shielding her lower half from the road. Sonia stood on the drivers side, her own door open, trying to give the impression of normality to anyone walking past. As she watched her daughter, she saw her delicately start gnawing on her thumbnail. The tell tale sign that Amy was doing a pre-emptive strike, and emptying her bladder into the big diaper under her school uniform.

Soon enough, Amy shuddered slightly, meaning she had finished.

"Okay sweet pea. No school for you today. Let's get you home and changed, then I'll go into work for a bit. You can just chill at home for the afternoon."

Amy nodded happily.

She always enjoyed her time alone. She thought that she might spend some quality time in the backyard, without a nappy.

*230*2016-06-02 12:32

Chapter 11:

"How soon can I eat mum? I'm getting hungry."

"The dentist said that the white filling you had, allowed you to eat pretty much straight away, but if you can wait for a couple of hours, just to be sure, you'll be better off. And nothing hard or chewy. We've got some noodles at home, maybe make yourself some for lunch?"

Amy agreed that was a good idea, and she was happy to feel the numbing sensation in her mouth starting to wear off.

Once home, Sonia followed her daughter inside, used the toilet, had a quick coffee, then left for work.

Apart from taking her shoes and socks off immediately, Amy waited for her mother to leave before getting undressed.

Now safely alone, she contemplated her plans. She knew that she was going to spend some time undiapered outside, and would no doubt wet herself, particularly as she planned on drinking lots of water to make it happen. The question was, what to wear?

She was feeling naughty, and wanted to make it worthwhile, so she dug an old bag out from the back of her wardrobe. From this bag, she withdrew an old pair of her thick winter ribbed stockings. They were white, and almost thick enough to be called leggings. They had holes in both heels, and her mother had told her to throw them out ages ago, but for personal reasons, she had kept them instead. She liked to wet herself while wearing them, then rinse them out, and dry them out before hiding them away again. There was an old pair of grey cotton knickers in the bag as well, with the waistband elastic showing through in places, but kept for the same purpose.

Amy went into the bathroom where she removed her soggy diaper, and used her washcloth to wipe herself clean. She stepped into her old panties and tights, bare heels showing through the holes, then slipped her big Bart t shirt on. Standing up straight, the over sized shirt hung down just below her backside. Feeling a lot more comfortable, but acutely aware of her lack of protection, she padded into the kitchen, where she poured herself a large glass of water. She grabbed a towel from the linen cupboard, folded it a couple of times, then settled herself on top of it, and switched on the TV.

For the next hour, she drank water and watched old sitcoms. It was only when she started to feel the first signs of her bladder filling up, that she went outside. Once she stood up, her need intensified a lot. She walked over to the side of the pool, where she squatted down, lifting her big t shirt up, and thus providing her with an uninterrupted view of her crotch.

She lowered her bum as far as she could without falling backwards, and kept her knees bent and her legs spread. Relaxing her muscles, she watched in awe, as her crotch suddenly dampened. Her panties and tights did nothing to contain the waterfall that had sprung from between her legs, and she saw the nearly unrestricted pee stream run straight through the ribbed cloth. Even though her stream wasn't contained, a big wet circle still spread outwards from her groin. But she managed to keep the pee from her legs and feet, and by the time the drips had finished, she had a wet spot the size of a saucer on her tights. 

They had turned almost transparent, and her wet grey panties were clearly visible behind the wet patch. When she was sure the drips were nearly over, she clenched the wet fabric between her fingers, and squeezed as much as she could out of it. Standing upright again, she rinsed her hand in the pool, and went back inside, where she sat back on the towel again, knowing that the couch was protected. She didn't touch herself with her hands again, but occasionally ground her legs together, relishing the naughty feeling of wearing wet knickers and not caring.

By 11:30, her mouth was feeling normal again, and she was hungry. She padded into the kitchen, where she poured another large water, and made some cup noodles. She discovered that her new filling was a bit heat sensitive, and eating was a bit of a chore, but by eating slowly and carefully, she was able to finish most of them.

By 1:00 o'clock, her stockings were nearly dry, and she thought that she could probably pee again if she wanted to. The idea of a cigarette crossed her mind, but she only had 4 left, and was planning on saving those for herself and Danny this weekend. She knew that even though her mother kept trying to quit, she still bought smokes occasionally, then put the unfinished packets away after she had her craving under control again.

Feeling guilty, Amy went into her mothers bedroom. She knew that she was crossing a big line, and kind of felt terrible about what she was doing. If her mother found out that Amy had been sneaking around in her room, she would probably be grounded and have her allowance suspended as well. With her weekend at her boyfriends in the balance, it was risky, but as long as she didn't disturb anything, she knew that she'd get away with it.

Her mother kept a "junk drawer" in her wardrobe, and the treasure that Amy sought would be in there, if there was any to be found.

Feeling somewhat akin to a burglar, Amy did something that she'd never done before. She started snooping in her mothers personal belongings.

It didn't take long for her furtive search to yield results. The first drawer she opened contained no less than 3 half full packets of cigarettes. Not wanting her mother to notice anything missing, she took five. Four to be added to her stash for the weekend, and one for now. She carefully removed them without disturbing anything, then feeling like the thief she'd become, she quickly ran back to her room.

She added the four cigarettes to her current stash of four, meaning that her and Danny now had four each for the weekend, if they got the chance to smoke them. Finding her lighter, she straightened up, but felt a suspicious warmth in her crotch.

Standing in front of the mirror, she lifted the front of her shirt and looked. The previously drying circle on her tights was now freshly wet again. Not as much as before, but she had obviously wet herself a little bit without even realising it. She must've been even more nervous than she had thought at the time. Now she had noticed the fresh wetness on her tights, she became aware that she now needed to pee again. Feeling extremely nervous as a result of her lack of protection, she quickly made her way back outside, before she peed all over the floor.

Instead of standing in her usual spot behind the gate, she went around the back of the pool, where her and Danny had kissed properly for the first time. She sat on the grass, leaned her back against the side of the pool, and lit her cigarette. After taking a few puffs, she felt fresh warmth again. Lifting her shirt up so she could see, she relaxed, and felt a tingle run through her as she watched her tights getting soaked. She tried to control the flow, and by doing little squirts and dribbles, she was able to nearly finish her smoke by the time her bladder had eventually emptied.

When she stood up, she discovered that the entire backside of her tights was now drenched. There wasn't a dry spot from the waistband at the back, and the upper inside of her thighs was as wet as the crotch. Rubbing her hand over her wet backside, she shuddered with relief and pleasure.

Back inside again, she stripped of her shirt, and had a shower while keeping her tights and panties on, holding them open to run the hot water through them. She wrung as much excess water out of them as she could, then hung them up in her wardrobe, where she knew from past experience that they would dry within a few hours.

Deciding that she had pushed her luck enough for one day, she dressed herself in another pull up, which she would at least attempt to keep dry, and once again put her big t-shirt on. She then sat down to work on some school projects, so she wouldn't have too much homework to interrupt her precious time with her boyfriend. By making a concious effort, she stayed dry for the rest of the day.

Sonia arrived home around five, carrying a parcel under her arms. She placed it in front of Amy with a flourish.

"What's this for mum?"

"Just a little present for being a good girl at the dentist. I found something that might keep your feet warm in bed, instead of socks. Go try them on, and tell me what you think. You can wear them at Dans, if you like them that is."

Intrigued, Amy jumped up excitedly, and ran into her room with the parcel. Shortly afterwards, a high pitched squeal of happiness could be heard.

A minute later, Sonia's daughter came running out, and threw her arms around her mothers neck.

"Mummy! I love them. Thankyouthankyouthankyou!" She bubbled. "Tell me honestly, what do they look like?"

She stepped away, and did a fancy pirouette in front of her mother, a huge smile across her pretty face.

She was wearing a new pair of fleecy pyjamas, with a big "Hello Kitty" motif on the top, and built in feet on the pants.

Her new footie pyjamas almost disguised the thick pull up that was poking out of the waistband.

She looked very cute indeed.

*232*2016-06-03 01:10

Chapter 12:

Dan and Amy were getting ready to play in the pool. They were at Amys house, and Sonia was out, and they had the yard to themselves.

After drinking lots of tea and coke, Dan was busting to pee. He was wearing his speedos this time, and didn't even have a shirt on. He wasn't feeling in the slightest bit shy however, and was enjoying the feeling of the hot sun on his nearly bare body.

Amy had her pink shorts and bikini top on, and she was obviously as desperate to pee as what he was. They stood in front of each other, both unashamedly potty dancing. They were crossing their legs, pushing their hands into their crotches, bending over, and laughing at the ridiculous sight that they were putting on for each other.

Amy lost the battle first. "Dannnny, I can't hold on," she squealed in laughter, and her pink shorts suddenly darkened, and a huge amount of pee exploded out of her pants, where it ran down her legs, and soaked into a big puddle between her dirty white ankle socks. He noticed the blue pacifier was now in her mouth as she let go.

He himself was now nearly at the point of no return. "No Ames. I'm not gonna wet myself. I'm going to pee beside your shed!"

He started to walk past her, carefully stepping over the big river of pee that had run out of her puddle. She grabbed his arm and stopped him.

"Not fair Catholic boy! I just wet myself in front of you! You have to wet yourself in front of me now! That's the rules!"

"No Ames. I just can't. I shouldn't do it now. It's not the right time!"

"Danny boy. It's okay. You've only got your swimsuit on. You're allowed to go in your swimsuit, remember? Nobody will mind! Go and ask your mother!"

Dan looked over to the table, to where Sue, Sonia, and his uncle Steve were now sitting, drinking wine. Dan noticed that it was the same wine that he and Amy had drank together when he had stayed here last.

Thinking that asking permission was probably a good idea, he waddled over to his mother, while keeping a firm grasp of his boyhood through the dark green lycra of his speedo. "Mum, I really need to do a wee....."

Sue smiled calmly at her son. "It's okay darling. You know you can pee in your swimsuit. You've been doing it for years, remember?"

Dan smiled with relief. "Do you want me to go behind the shed mummy?"

"No Daniel. You pooed your Shrek undies doing a wee there once, remember? Just run along and play with Amy. You can wet yourself over there on the grass."

Smiling broadly, Dan hobbled back to where Amy was still standing in her puddle. He stepped over it, and stood on the lawn.

"You were right again Ames! Mum said I could go in my swimsuit! Can I use the dummy please?"

She passed him the pacifier, and gave him one of her big, sweet smiles.

Without further ado, Dan put the pacifier in his mouth, and started sucking on it. He glanced up nervously, and saw Sonia, his mother, and his uncle, along with Amy, all watching him in anticipation.

"Go on Danny, it's alright!" His uncle shouted.

Feeling no shame or embarrassment at all, Dan waved at the onlookers. He spread his knees wide, and squatted down. His chubby tummy bunched up a bit as he did so, but he didn't care about that either.

He gave in to his body's needs, and started wetting himself. A sudden wave of terror washed over him.

"Are you sure?" he shouted.

Amy, cigarette in hand, and wearing a pair of pink teddy bear panties under her nightie, yelled back "It's too late now matey, your wetting yourself!"

Feeling the heat around his genitals, he shouted back, "It's okay. I'm in control here."

Dan jolted awake. He had his thumb in his mouth, and Amys voice in his head, and he was laying in his bed, urinating uncontrollably. His legs were spread wide, and what seemed like a massive amount of urine was flooding around his boyhood. He had no chance of stopping at all, and felt like a prisoner as he lay there, losing complete control of his bladder in his bed. At first, he made an effort to stop, but soon realised that he had no hope at all, and it was indeed too late. Giving up altogether, he kept his thumb in his mouth as his bladder emptied its entire contents.

When the last trickles had finished, he looked at the clock. 3:00am. His run of three dry nights in a row had ended.

Running his hands over his pyjamas and sheets, he felt no wetness. He was amazed at how much these grown up diapers held. He felt like he really should get up and change, but it was cold, and the effort was too much.

Rolling onto his stomach, he felt his penis push itself deep into the hot, wet padding. He wriggled around for a few seconds, and felt himself quickly growing hard.

Laying still now, enjoying the warmth that enveloped his mid section, he tried to consider what he felt. He absolutely hated his bed wetting and semi incontinence, but at the same time, wearing nappies in private, or around Amy, was fun. Kind of sexy fun really. If he had his way, he'd regain complete bladder control in an instant, and never have another accident again. But at the same time, it was kinda nice to do a naughty wee in his pants or nappy on purpose sometimes. And safely wearing a wet nappy, like he was currently doing, it felt really good as well.

He decided that he needed to bring the subject up with Amy again, and talk about it a bit more in depth.

He soon fell asleep again, and woke up to his alarm at 7:00 o'clock.

The boy managed to get through his school day without any major mishaps, but didn't get make it completely unscathed. During woodwork class, he suddenly felt an urge to pee, and his teacher, who was aware of his problem, let him leave immediately. He entered a stall in the deserted boys toilets, and dropped his shorts, but felt a squirt as he bent forward to undo his onesie. It wasn't any bigger than countless other little accidents he'd had, and his Goodnight contained it adequately. He considered going to his locker for a fresh one, but it had only gotten a little wet in the front, so he left it on instead. The same thing happened again after school. He had again agreed to catch the later bus with his friends, even though he was keen to get home and air his room out before Amy arrived later, and was glad he had, because it was only ten minutes before the final siren for the day went, when he again realised that he needed to pee.

Not wanting to ask permission to go with only minutes remaining in class, he had gritted his teeth and held on. Once class was excused, he grabbed his bag, and told his friends that he would meet them at the bus stop. This time however, the bathroom wasn't empty. There was a group of older boys, 17/18 year old grade twelves in there, so Dan hung around outside, pretending to be engrossed with his phone. The big kids paid him no attention, and he was soon able to enter the toilet without any drama. But he had felt himself twitch, then dribble a bit as he stood there, playing with his phone.

He discovered that his pull up was more than a little wet this time, but again, not wanting the hassle of changing and disposing of it, he had simple pulled it back up again.

Walking to the bus stop, he was acutely aware of the wet pull up rubbing against his private parts, and remembered how he had been enjoying the same feeling only twelve hours earlier, while still in bed.

It really was a kind of nice, secret feeling to have a wet nappy on under his clothes he thought. As long as nobody else knew of course.

By the time he got undressed at home, the snap crotch of his onesie was a bit wet around the leg holes, but his shorts had stayed dry.

He stripped naked, and gave himself a good clean, putting some zinc cream and talcum powder onto the delicate skin at the top of his inside thighs and pubic area. He decided to let himself air out for awhile before Amy arrived, so he changed into clean cotton boxer shorts and a fresh t-shirt, and went downstairs to have a snack, and put his dirty clothes in the washing machine. His mum wasn't home yet, but would be shortly, and he figured he'd be in her good books for doing his own laundry.

All he had left to do now was wait until his girlfriend arrived for their second slumber party.

*233*2016-06-03 01:16

{{9 hours ago, Minervafan110 said:

That was Awsome I loved how Sonia got Amy that new hello kitty onzie

}}

Thanks Minervafan. But while I thought she would look great in a onesie, I thought it probably wasn't a great thing for her to have to take off quickly in an emergency.

Sonia bought her a two piece fleecy lined set of footie pyjamas. Very thick and snuggly, but easy to pull her pants down in a hurry if necessary.

Also, her nappy will just peek out over the top of her pants as well.

Very cute in my mind. Lol.

*236*2016-06-04 04:35

Chapter 13:

Sue arrived home to find her son sitting at the kitchen table in his boxer shorts, working furiously at his homework.

"Wow mate. You're looking very dedicated there. Couldn't find the time to even get dressed eh?"

Dan smiled, "I'm nearly finished mum. I actually thought they weren't gonna give us any homework at first, but I ended up with some maths and social science rubbish. I've nearly finished it! I want to have it done before Ames gets here."

"Well don't rush through it too quickly and muck it up Danny. You know Amy's not coming until after 8:00 or so. She's having dinner with her mum and Ian first, so you've got heaps of time. Buy the way, I spoke to Sonia. She said that Amys bringing air mattresses? What on earth for? We've got two spare rooms here, remember?"

"Yeah mum. But Amy's like me. She's never slept over before, and she's kinda like scared of wetting the bed. I mean, she WILL wet the bed anyway, but even though you know that, she's sorta embarrassed anyway." He gave his mother a cheeky grin. "And since my beds the only one with a mattress protector on it, we didn't think you'd want her sleeping there. But of course if you don't mind...."

Sue laughed, giving her son a gentle clip on the back of his head.

"I'm quite sure that won't be necessary Daniel. But it's no real effort to make up the spare bed again. We have spare protectors you know. Plus, what're you guys planning on doing with them? There's not a lot of room in the lounge."

"We'll set them up in the theatre room mum" he quickly hastened to add, "top and tail of course, just like last week!"

Sue sighed. "Danny, I think I'd really be happier if you guys slept in separate rooms you know. You'd both be more comfortable as well."

"Muuummm! It's a sleepover. It's more fun to be sleeping together! Oh shit. In the same room is what I meant!"

"Language Daniel!" She tried to sound harsh, but somehow couldn't. "I'm just not 100% comfortable with you and your little girlfriend sleeping in the same room."

Again Dan moaned. Drawing the first word out to at least 3 syllables.

"Muuummm! I've told you! We're only like 14. We're not gonna do any yucky stuff together! We just wanna play games and hang out. Trust us why dontcha?"

Admitting defeat, his mother sighed in exasperation. "Alright buddy. I'll trust you. But the door stays open all night, you sleep on separate beds, top and tail, and you both keep your hands to yourself. If I even suspect that you guys are getting up to any "yucky stuff," you'll be grounded for life, and I won't let you see Amy anymore, got it?"

"Mum.."

"Don't bloody mum me Danny boy. Do you understand me? I'm serious."

Realising just how serious his mother actually was, Dan lowered his eyes, "Yes mum. We'll be good. Promise."

Sue continued, "And I'm guessing that by your bad mood this morning that you had a bad night? How did you go at school today?"

Feeling deflated, Dan responded. "Yeah. I peed myself again last night. I nearly woke up in time. I had a dream where I needed to go, and I was wearing my swimsuit, and thought it would be okay. But I woke up as I was going and couldn't stop by then. And then today, I nearly wet myself twice! Both times I was nearly at the toilet, and leaked a bit. I was glad I had a pull up on. But it's still really scary, ya know? I never know if my sleep pants will hold it anymore. It's kinda like why I keep thinking about wearing the grown up ones instead, but like I said, I think then I'd have to tell people, and I don't wanna."

He sighed despondently. "I just really hate it, you know? I always thought my bed wetting was the worst that could happen. But now I have accidents, and the only way to like guarantee my pants don't get wet, is to wear bigger nappies. But if I wear them, people will see anyway. Then, I thought that after the last 3 nights it might be nearly over, then I turn into a 14 year old baby again, and I can't even keep my pull up dry at school! I just hate it."

"I know it's rough Danny. Did you talk to your dad about it like I suggested?"

"Not yet. I couldn't do it over the phone. By the way, thanks for telling him about my new nappies. I didn't know how I was gonna tell him that I was a bigger baby than he already thought. But he comes home next week. I guess I'll talk to him then."

"Oh sweetie. Don't be so silly. Dad knows that you're not a baby. He really understands mate. You make it sound like he doesn't love you or something. He loves you more than anything mate. He just wants you to be happy. If you decide that you need to wear the adult stuff, he won't think anything bad. At the end of the day you have to do what you think is best. If you think that wearing the grown up stuff and telling people is best, we'll support you. I mean as you've told me, you're only one leaky Goodnight away from having wet shorts anyway. But I want you to think about it, and talk to him. It's a very big step to start telling people about your incontinence. Once you've done it, you can't go back."

"Thanks mum" was all he said, but he got up and hugged his mother tightly.

"So buddy" she continued,"how's your room? Sheets good? Laundry out? Windows open? Do I need to do anything?"

"No mum. I did it all. My clothes are in the wash now, and my beds clean. I opened the windows this morning, so it doesn't smell or anything."

"Good boy. Finish your homework, then go and put some pants on. I'll start dinner."

When Dan went to his room, the age old question of what to wear occurred. He almost went without protection at first, planning on diapering up before bed, but with Amy coming over, they might very well do some naughty deliberate stuff. In the end, he decided to wear a big pull up, some baggy grey cotton shorts, a baggy white t-shirt, and black ankle socks. Standing in front of the mirror, he decided that he was happy with his selection. The loose fitting shorts and long shirt made his nappy completely unnoticeable.

After dinner, he helped his mum wash up, and all his work was over. His room was clean, his homework done, he was freshly diapered in a grown up one he could trust, and all he needed was Amy to get there, so the fun could start.

*239*2016-06-04 08:53

Chapter 14:

Washing up completed, Daniel retired to the theatre room. His beloved Eagles were playing Friday Night Football, and as Sue didn't enjoy football, she stayed in the lounge, while he took control of the big screen TV in the theatre.

Even though he was anxiously awaiting Amy, he was soon engrossed in the game. With 5 minutes left in the third quarter, the Eagles were behind, but coming back relentlessly. Dan was starting to feel his bladders first signs of needing relief, and considered doing a pre-emptive strike, rather than get up and miss any of the game.

But even though he knew that unless he said anything, his mother would never know, he still decided not to do it. He'd never just sat in front of the TV and completely wet his pants before, but there had been a few occasions over the years when he'd held on too long and had little accidents before running to the toilet. The last time had been only a few weeks ago, where the same situation as now was playing out. He'd been watching football, left it to the last moment, then made the foolish mistake of trying to get upstairs to his own bathroom instead of just using the downstairs one.

He had made it all the way to his bathroom door, when he felt his control slip, and a big squirt of pee shot into his grey school shorts. His pull up and onesie had been wet after school, and even his boxers had been slightly wet, so he'd removed them all, and put a pair of briefs on instead. He had put his school clothes back on, basically to hide the fact that he'd wet himself, again

After his second leak, he just got changed into his pyjamas, but his mother had collected his laundry from his room later, and found his wet pants, and briefs, which she knew he hadn't worn to school. She hadn't made a big deal out of it, but had asked in passing how he had come to wet himself at home. He sheepishly admitted that he'd held on too long while watching TV, and she had just tut tutted disapprovingly a bit. That occasion discouraged him from wetting himself deliberately while watching the game.

This time however, he managed to hold on until the break, before almost running to the downstairs toilet. As he was washing his hands, he heard a car pulling up in the driveway. The close game of football forgotten, he ran to the front door instead, nearly slipping over with his socks offering little traction on the tiled floor.

"DANNY! Slow down! You'll break your damn neck if your not careful!"

He slowed to a brisk walk, and had the door open before the car had been switched off. He grinned as he saw Amy waving at him from the back seat. Sonia and a man that Dan assumed (correctly as it turned out) to be Ian, opening the front doors.

After introductions were made, the three grown ups stood around making small talk, while Dan and Amy unloaded the car. There was the two mattresses and pump, and Amy had two bags. Her denim "diaper" bag, and a large overnight bag as well. They carried the stuff into the theatre room, where they were out of sight of the adults. Dropping the bags and air beds on the floor, Amy threw herself into Dans outstretched arms, and they held each other tightly for a few seconds.

Pulling back, she kissed Danny on the tip of his nose, and whispered "I've really missed you, Catholic boy!"

"Not as much as I've missed you Ames" came the reply, followed by another hug.

Not wanting to appear suspicious, they quickly returned to the grown ups.

Amy had the same sort of feelings saying goodbye to her mother, that Dan had suffered last week. She felt her eyes growing watery, and briefly thought she may cry. But she managed to hold herself together, and waved her mother and Ian goodnight from the door.

Sue complimented Amy on how pretty she looked. She was wearing a knee length black dress, and black flat heeled shoes with black pantyhose. Her blonde hair was tied back in a long ponytail, and her makeup was minimal,but well applied.

Sue thought to herself that this girl was like a chameleon. One moment she looked so grown up, the next she looked like a little kid. She could be a punk rocker or a princess. But there was no doubt, she was very pretty.

Finally alone, Dan suggested that they watch the last few minutes of his football game. Amy just shrugged, and semi whispered, "Don't care at this stage Danny. You go ahead, but I've gotta get changed first. I'm like really soaked, my diapers nearly hanging off me." She took some clothes and her denim bag with her, and disappeared towards the bathroom, before returning not long afterwards wearing a baggy knitted white jumper, pink sweat pants, and fluffy pink socks, exclaiming "Oh boy, does that feel better."

Dan noticed that she carefully folded her dress up, but stuffed her stockings into a plastic bag, before putting that into a zippered pocket on her overnight bag.

"Uh, Did, uh, you get your stockings a bit wet Ames?

She laughed. "More than a bit Danny. I did at least three big wees in that last pull up tonight. The last one leaked a bit. My diaper was so heavy, I reckon my pantyhose were all that was holding it up!"

Dan coughed a bit, clearing his throat. "Sounds uncomfortable .....I guess..."

"Well not toooo uncomfortable Dan. You know what a full diaper feels like. It's not exactly horrible or anything!"

Dan could feel the heat rising in his cheeks. "It's funny you should say that Ames. That's been something I kinda wanna talk to you about..."

*240*2016-06-04 09:03

{{On 1 June 2016 at 9:29 AM, leakmaker said:

Thank you for revisiting the ending, I haven't had a chance to be on the site for a while and that came as quite a shocker. I hope you don't feel as if were chaining you to a story that you'd rather end or feel like you don't have a hope of finishing. While I love how detailed everything is, I know that can be sucky to write for 70+ chapters. You have the creative license here and while I'd love for this to keep going I know its going to end sometime.

And I've gotta agree, if youre going to end it, that was pretty Brütl (the most metal spelling possible). Hope youre doing well, and I hope you never get bored with your projects, because you create great work.

Leaky

}}

Thanks Leaky. You're going to make me blush!

*241*2016-06-04 09:04

{{On 3 June 2016 at 1:18 PM, Xygna said:

Great past couple chapters, Barry! I'm enjoying taking a look at this as a nighttime ritual.

}}

Glad you're still enjoying it. Thanks for the support.

*242*2016-06-04 09:05

{{3 hours ago, alexwbj said:

Enjoying the story and looking forward to hopefully lots of fun in Amy and Daniel's second sleepover.

}}

And to you too Alex. Thanks for responding.

*244*2016-06-05 09:11

Chapter 15:

Amy plonked herself down in the corner of the large, leather, "L" shaped theatre couch, and put her feet up, but bent her knees back, keeping them close to her backside. She motioned for Dan to sit beside her, then stretched her legs out, putting her feet in his lap. He wasted no time in settling in, with his hands on her thick, pale pink socks. This position was already starting to feel completely natural and right for both of them.

"So, talk away mate. What's on your mind?"

"Argh, it's just more, um, like nappy stuff I want to ask you. We don't have to do it now though, not if you dont wanna."

"I really don't mind Dan. I love you. For lots of reasons, and I guess one reason is because we can talk about this sorta shit with each other. You have no idea," she paused, smiling, "well actually you do I guess, but what I mean is it was so great being able to talk to you about everything. We did stuff last week, and talked about stuff, that I could never in a million years say or do with anyone, not even my mum, and it made me feel so much better about myself."

Amy reached for Dans hand, which was gently stroking her thickly stockinged ankle, and he gladly took it. She squeezed it firmly, making eye contact so he knew she was serious.

"Danny, I hope you don't think I'm like weird or anything, but I really like talking about my diapers and stuff with you. Even with mum, there's always some embarrassment, but you actually get it, cause you deal with it as well. I've still got loads of stuff myself that I want, well, feel like I kinda NEED to talk about. I think it's what boys and girls do with their partners, they talk and listen." She smiled evilly, "And I like talking about taboo stuff like diapers and wetting and having accidents and stuff with you. It's kinda hot...."

She felt herself blushing, and was surprised to see her boyfriend was blushing as well. She hoped that she hadn't gone too far with her last comment.....

That thought was quickly driven out of her mind by his reaction.

Dan flung himself on top of her and kissed her. Properly. Their tongues came together, and they kissed passionately and held each other tight. Knowing Sue was only a few rooms and a corridor away, they didn't stay like that for long, but it was enough to put their young hearts and minds at ease.

They now actually understood their situation properly. They knew now, that they could discuss things with each other that would be totally off limits to anyone else, parents, teachers, doctors, anyone.

It felt fantastic, and their bond had now strengthened even further.

After Dan sat back up, checking nervously over his shoulder, making sure that his mother wasn't there, she again prompted him to talk. Dan cleared his throat, and started.

"Well Ames, this is gonna sound a bit weird I guess. But to start with, everything I told you about me being incontinent and having to deal with it is true. I hate it. I hate having accidents, I hate wetting my bed, and I hate having to wear nappies. It's embarrassing, nerve wracking, and awkward, particularly at school. I feel sooo self conscious about it, and even though my mums great, I hate having to admit to her that I've pissed my pants or bed, again"

Dan took a deep breath, and let go of Amy's hand, seeming to prefer playing with her socks instead, and lowered his eyes." But I'm starting to learn something else."

He appeared to change tack here. "Obviously we both like peeing in our swimsuits. We learned that last week. We've both always done it since we were little kids, and we both still do it now, cause its naughty and fun I guess. You even pointed out to me that you thought that most kids, particularly little ones, always wet themselves when they play in the pool, or anytime that they're playing with water, really."

He paused, a bit unsure of how to proceed. Eventually he decided to just keep going.

"But what I'm finding, Ames, is that while I still hate having accidents, I um, kinda don't mind it, if my nappy gets wet, you know? Like when I did it in front of you before, it was fun, cause I did it on purpose and it wasn't an accident. But even if I have an accident, after it's over, I sorta like the feeling of my wet diaper afterwards."

Danny was gratified to see Amy nodding briskly, and smiling broadly at him. She didn't speak, but encouraged him to continue.

Feeling emboldened, he continued. "I guess I only really noticed it for the first time at your place. That was the first and only time that I ever wet myself in front of another kid when it wasn't a big deal. You know what it's like to piss your pants around other kids, it's fucking terrible. But with you, it was different. We even made up games about it, and it was so much fun! That was the first time that I realised, that I kinda liked it. Then, this week, I went for three whole nights in a row without wetting my bed. But last night, it happened again.

Every other time it happens, I get up and change, but last night I didn't. I left my diaper on, and it was really soaked, but it felt so nice. I went back to sleep in it, and it was so warm and soft, it just felt really really good! Then, today, I had a couple of little leaks at school, in my kiddie pull up. The first one was only small, but I had a bigger one after school, before I caught the bus, and I did the same thing. I didn't change, I just left it on. While I felt kinda worried that it might leak, or people might see it because it was all swollen up, it felt sooo nice to have a wet nappy on, while nobody else knew about it. Kinda naughty, but, I don't know, sorta exciting as well, I guess."

Dan appeared to lapse into silence, like he had more to say, but didn't know how to say it.

Amy prompted him, with a smile. "Yeah, but what's your point exactly Dan?"

His eyes shot up in surprise, meeting hers straight away.

"Well, I guess my point is, like, I don't know, I guess, like don't you think I'm a bit like weird or something?"

Amy looked at him, obviously perplexed. "Why?" Was all she said.

Dan was now confused. "Why? Because I just told you I kinda like my wet diapers! That's why! How much weirder can I get? I mean, how can I claim to hate wetting myself, but still enjoy wearing a diaper that I've pissed in? How weird do you want?"

Amy actually giggled. "Oh Dan. I'm sorry. But I just don't understand your problems with it."

Confused, Dan could only look blankly at her.

Amy decided to enlighten him.

"Danny. Baby. It's exactly the sort of stuff that I was telling you about! It's what I told you! Just like I think about it! It's why I feel so comfortable talking to you about it, because you get it!"

"Sweetie, it's just like I do, but I can't always control it at all. Just like you, I hate it in a way, and I'd do anything if I could stop it. But, when it DOES happen, I, um, sometimes kinda enjoy it. Like I wake up soaked. Every. Single. Morning. No exceptions. But, while I wish that I didn't, I actually kinda like the wet nappy feeling when I get up. Unless I've sprung a leak, I always leave my wet nappy on until after I've had breakfast! Look, I know it's kinda gross, but I love the warm, squishy feeling of my morning diaper."

Dan, mouth slightly agape, was still stroking her foot, but was looking at her with a stunned expression on his boyish features.

Continuing on, she explained, "It's kinda like when mummy tells me to just use my diaper. She did that yesterday, after the dentist, by the way. But when she says it's okay to wet myself, and I do, it's just a great feeling after. My nappy is all warm and squishy, I feel more comfortable cause I don't need to pee or hold on anymore, and my mum knows, and is okay with it! It's like the best feeling in the world. I sorta feel like a naughty little girl, but one with a big girl secret I guess. I don't want anyone to find out, but it feels like my own, private secret."

It was Dans turn to be nodding enthusiastically now. Amy had put into words exactly what he himself had been struggling with, and too say the boy was relieved, was an understatement.

"It's not just my nappies either," Amy continued, "but my pants as well. Like I've already told you, I love spending the afternoon just playing outside in my swimsuit or shorts, and just not caring if I wet myself. But I'll do it on purpose as well. Let me tell you about yesterday...."

Amy then proceeded to tell Dan, in detail, about the fun she had in her grey panties and white tights the day before. By the time she'd finished, Dan was worried about controlling the sharp twitching he kept feeling in his nappy.

Clearing his throat awkwardly, he managed to croak, "Man, I woulda liked to have seen that Ames."

Smiling at him, she replied with a grin. "We've got all weekend mate. You might just see it yet!"

After a pause, where she seemed to be considering what to say, she went on.

"You know Dan, I've thought about this a lot. As I said, I wish that I didn't need diapers, but you know what? Even if I didn't need em, I think I'd still like to wear them from time to time. They can be kinda fun, after all.

She had to laugh at his expression, which perfectly offset the redness of his cheeks. "But anyway Danny boy, we really should start drinking. I really want to wet myself with you at least once before we go to bed."

*245*2016-06-05 12:38

Chapter 16:

Dan couldn't believe how relieved he felt. He had identified his conflicting opinions regarding his diapers and wetting problem, and had felt the need for reassurance. At the same time, as much as he had felt the burgeoning need to talk about it, he hadn't been sure how his girlfriend would react.

Of course he knew her well enough by now to know that she wouldn't exactly run away screaming, as he knew she liked wetting herself on purpose as well sometimes. But it had been the whole general thing about enjoying the wet diaper feeling itself. He knew from last weekends experience that playing wetting games could be fun, but he had felt guilty somehow for enjoying the sensation of a wet nappy that was caused by a genuine accident.

The fact that he hated suffering from incontinence, and having uncontrolled wettings, were at odds with the good feelings he was sometimes having after he'd accidentally wet himself.

He just couldn't comprehend how he could feel so bad for wetting, but enjoy the wetness later. To find out that Amy not only understood, but even shared his feelings was a huge relief. Smiling broadly, he trotted off to the kitchen to fetch them the two large bottles of water that he'd put in the fridge earlier.

Amy looked up from the floor, where she had made a start on inflating the air beds. Seeing the two litre bottles he was holding, made her smile.

"Now that's what I'm talking about Catholic boy!" she exclaimed, and took the time to take a big drink. "Come on buddy. You too! You remember how this game works. We're starting later, so we gotta make up for lost time!"

Dan obeyed without question, drinking deeply, then dropping to his knees to help her with the mattresses. As Amy started inflating them, Dan went to ask his mother for linen. She dug out two sets of sheets, doonas, and waterproof protectors as well. Dan ran upstairs and got his pillow, and one from the guest room for Amy.

Sue only stayed around long enough to help them make the beds up. In truth, she was making sure that they set them up end to end, and not side by side, then she made sure that the pillows were at opposing ends. She wasn't completely naïve, and knew that if they did decide to do "yucky stuff" in the middle of the night, then they would regardless. But she reasoned that they could still do that even if they went to bed in separate rooms.

All she could really do, was trust them.

Beds set up, Dan hooked his PlayStation up to the big screen.

"Now you'll get to see what a REAL gaming system does!" he told her.

An hour later, and she was soundly kicking his butt on C.O.D.

He had to admit. The girl was good at gaming.

After dying yet again, Dan paused the game, and took a big drink. His bottle was a third empty by now, and Amy's was missing nearly as much.

"So, Catholic girl, what exactly are we gonna do tomorrow?"

"Dunno mate. You're the one who keeps coming up with all the suggestions. What do you wanna do?"

Hesitantly, Dan offered his suggestion.

"Weellll, I know we talked about it, and you weren't like super keen on it, but this weekend is probably gonna be the last bit of really warm weather we get before the cooler weather starts, and I was thinking, with a bit of planning, we should go to the beach!"

Amy started to object, but Dan cut her off.

"Listen, I know what you said about the beach, and getting sand in your diaper and stuff, but I've been thinking about it, and I think it could work. You bought your bathers with you, didn't you?"

"Yeah. To swim in your pool with! But I can't exactly just change on the beach!"

"But you won't have too Ames! What you do, is put your swimsuit on here first. Then, put your pull up on OVER your swimsuit, then your long t shirt and shorts! We catch the bus to the beach, and if you have an accident on the way, your shorts won't get wet. Yes, your bathing suit will, but that won't matter! When we get there, you go into the toilet block and take your shorts and nappy off. From there, we're only a 30 second walk from the beach itself, and your shirt will hide your wet bathing suit, if it actually is wet, of course."

He could see Amy starting to nod in acceptance, almost, but not quite convinced. But before she could voice any objections, he pushed ahead.

"When we leave, we wash as much sand off in the ocean as we can. But the beach we'll be going to, has those free, open air showers near the boardwalk. You can like totally rinse all the sand off, get dressed and diapered in the toilet, and we catch the bus home! Whaddya think?"

Amy seemed a touch reluctant at first.

"Yeah, I suppose it could work. Or, we could just hang around here, in your pool, with more privacy! Why do we need to go to the beach? It seems like a bit of a hassle."

"Because, my dear, my mother will be home. I'm not saying that she'll haunt us, but it won't be as private as it was at your place last week. I'd kinda like to do some more stuff like we did then, and it should be easier to wet at the beach. I mean, we can pee around the pool of course, but probably not as easily as I'd like. Plus, I have an idea....."

Amy grinned when she heard this. "Go on, this sounds interesting....."

"Well, last week we played with Little Danny. I think that Little Danny would like to play again, but would like Little Amy to play with. We can be little kids together on the beach! Dig a hole, build a sandcastle, all that sort of thing, and as you said, little kids can just wet themselves at the beach! We can just go for a swim and get wet, then just do a wee while we play in the sand! Nobody else will know, and we can watch each other wet, just like last week!"

He paused expectantly, "Soooo, whaddya reckon?"

"I reckon it sounds pretty good, Catholic boy. I'm looking forward to playing Little Amy, and I just loved Little Dan last week!"

She lowered her voice. "I managed to get some extra smokes as well. If we can't smoke here, we'll need to go somewhere I guess." Keeping her voice lowered, she added conspirationally, "and I think I just wet myself a bit as well."

"Did you really? You don't even look desperate or anything!"

"I'm not Danny. It was just one of those leaking while sitting down type things. I wasn't particularly desperate at all, but my bladder must be filling up, and I dribbled. That means a bigger accident is coming soon. How about you?"

"I'm not really feeling it much at all Ames, but I guess there's a bit there. Hey, want me to try a pre-emptive strike?"

"Only if I do one too mate! Wanna go up to your room?"

He quickly agreed, and they padded up the stairs, not exactly sneaking, but trying not to draw attention to themselves.

Safely inside Dans room, Amy started to shut the door, but Dan stopped her.

"If you close the door, it'll look suspicious, and I also won't hear it if mum decides to come upstairs and check on us. With it open, I'll not only hear it, but it won't look like we're doing anything wrong either."

Amy thought this was good thinking, but suddenly squeezed her legs together and jammed a hand between her thighs. "Oohhh quick! Now I'm up, I can feel it! I need to go badly now, but I want you to go first."

"Why don't we go together?"

She giggled a bit, "Okay, but we take our pants off first though!"

Once again, she had shocked him. But it wasn't anything they hadn't done in front of each other before, so he swallowed deeply, and agreed.

Amy wasted no time. She pulled her pink sweat pants down, and stepped out of them. She had her ankles crossed, thighs pressed together tightly, and her left hand was fidgeting with the front of her nappy, pulling at it. Her potty dance, with her pink socks, bare legs, and exposed diaper was too much for Dan. He felt himself getting as hard as he ever had before. This of course prevented him from peeing, and he could feel it pressing on the front of his own pull up.

He suddenly didn't want to pull his shorts down.

"Oh comeoncomeon! Don't just stand there Danny. I'm starting to wet myself!"

Dan was like a statue. Certain parts of him were as hard as one as well. He just couldn't move.

"Please Danny! Hurry up. I can't hold on any longer."

Sheepishly, Dan dropped his shorts. His diaper was sticking out in front of him, and his erection was completely noticeable, even though his nappy.

Amy couldn't help but see the way his diaper was bulging, and as innocent as she was, she knew exactly what it represented.

The sudden sight of her boyfriends arousal temporarily distracted her from the task at hand, which was holding on to her pee, and she suddenly lost any hope of control. The feelings of relief, warmth, wetness and swelling snapped her back, but it was too late then.

"Danny. I'm wetting myself."

Dan had been standing in front of her, self consciously aware of how obvious his hard on was. In an effort to hide it, he had grabbed himself tightly through the thick padding of his pull up. The sudden pressure had made his already stiff boyhood twitch violently under his grip. He felt his pulse quicken, and a tingling sensation seemed to start in his groin, his tummy, and even his toes.

By now, he was starting to recognise the signs of what was about to happen. He thought he may still be okay, but the next thing that happened, was Amy looked at him pleadingly, and said "Danny. I'm wetting myself." And it was too late.

As he watched his girlfriend lose control in her diaper, he lost a different type of control in his. He hunched forward, and grunted, as he felt his penis start twitching, and the next thing he felt a warmth in his diaper that wasn't urine. Another wave hit him, and he squeezed his eyes shut, and moaned a bit.

He looked up to see Amy staring at him with a look of wonder on her face. Her diaper was a lot saggier, and a bit discoloured in the crotch. He couldn't find anything to say, but she beat him to it anyway.

"Danny, did you just have an orgasm?"

