She Wasn't Going to Do That (What Choice Was There?)

Author: alliebear

*000*2014-06-01 23:55

Note: contains mention of female arousal and the accompanying non-pee wetness. Nothing sexual beyond that.

1: 66 minutes away

Ellen had known that the train didn't have any bathrooms. But this was the only one that could get her to Jake's art exhibition in NYC in time from her home city of Stroudsburg. She couldn't miss Jake's event; he was her best friend, even though he'd moved to a city which was one hour and fifty-five minutes away by train.

And that was the problem, wasn't it? That the train had started out nearly two hours away from the exhibition. Also that she had had her habitual two coffees, getting up at six in the morning for work. It didn't help that she had gotten onto the train directly from work. Or that now, precisely one hour and six minutes away from NYC, she had to pee.

In a way she welcomed the challenge. She liked challenges. She socialized with the high end of Stroudsburg. She was a businesswoman at thirty-five, and bought art... which was how she had met Jake. But she didn't like having to pee, especially not badly, especially not when there were no bathrooms.

She crossed her right leg over the left, admiring the muscles and painted toenails, not admiring the need. She liked challenges, but only ones in which she didn't show need. Almost certainly nobody here could see that she needed a bathroom. At the most they would think that she was stressed about something, worried about when the train would get to the station.

Which she was. But not because she needed to get anywhere, just for personal reasons.

2: 52 minutes away

The situation was getting desperate.

That was a poor choice of words. Still, she was seriously considering getting off when the train pulled into the next station.

An attendant walked past, and Ellen called out to him, "Do you know when the next stop is?"

The attendant seemed to look at her oddly, and Ellen hoped that she wasn't blushing. "I'm sorry, Miss, but the train doesn't stop until New York City. Is there anything you need?"

"No, no, I'm fine. Just wondering." Yeah, a toilet!

Well. That was a problem.

Ellen found herself fidgeting more and more. She must have had a strange look on her face. The woman sitting next to her leaned over and said, "I'm Anna. I was just wondering- are you okay?"

She put on her brave face, as her mother had always said. "Oh, I'm fine. I'm Ellen, it's nice to meet you. What do you do?"

"I'm a nurse in Columbia, but I live in NYC. Are you going there?"

"Yes. I have a friend who's having an art show at six."

Anna smiled. "That's always good. I like art."

Ellen didn't respond, instead looking out the window. She knew it was rude but it was hard to be polite when there was this despicable need.

3: 40 minutes away

Why, oh, why had she taken a train with no bathrooms? It had to be illegal. She checked her phone. No, it wasn't. Why? That was absurd. She made a mental note to look into that when this foolishness was over.

A sudden surge of desperation hit her and she bent over slightly. She nearly prayed that nobody had noticed, crossing and recrossing her legs, and she knew that she could not last for another forty minutes.

So what was there to do? As she saw it there were three options. First, she could demand a stop. That was far too humiliating. Second, she could try going between the cars- highly risky, as someone could come through, but a possibility. Third...

Well, that obviously wasn't an option.

She decided to wait and see. Probably she would have to pee between the cars. But maybe- just maybe- if she waited then she could get off and rush to the station bathroom.

So she waited.

4: 35 minutes away

Five minute later waiting was no longer an option. She was squirming constantly and it was only a matter of time until someone-

"Ellen, you're not okay," Anna whispered

And there it was. She turned her head to the other woman. "What?" she whispered back.

"You need to use the bathroom- and rather urgently, too."

Heat rising in her cheeks, she denied it. "Of course I don't."

"Why aren't you?"

She sighed. "There aren't any."

"Really? You're sure?"

"Of course I'm sure!" she nearly shouted, remembering just in time to murmur the words.

"I didn't check. I don't need to go." Anna smiled.

Ellen wondered how Anna was empty. But she wasn't about to pry, especially not with this going on.

Another wave of terrible need shook her, and this time she couldn't hold back a small spurt. She wouldn't have been able to hold back any more, either, if she hadn't jammed her hands between her still-crossed legs. Her panties were warm underneath her khakis. She thought for one wild second of arousal, of the other kind of wetness, but quickly dismissed that.

By now everyone was staring at her as she rocked and stared shamefacedly at her crotch. She heard Anna's voice. "Ellen- what are you going to do?"

"I was going to go between the cars..."

"But?"

"I don't think I can even stand without- well-"

"Wetting yourself."

Ellen looked away. No, she wasn't going to do that (what choice was there?). She couldn't.

5: 31 minutes away

By her great willpower Ellen had managed to contain the contents of her aching bladder for nearly ten minutes without leaking. She was entirely focused on this task, so she was highly surprised when Anna whispered, "You need to try to get to the junction between cars."

She gave a little gasp and could not contain her pee for at least two, maybe three, seconds. She squeezed her eyes shut as she fought with every ounce of her strength to stop the flow. It stopped, but Ellen could feel wetness soaking through her panties and, oh God, maybe onto her sand-colored pants.

Anna clutched her arm. "I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to startle you! Do you think you can make it?"

Ellen thought for a second that she would laugh, but that would mean she would lose it entirely. She couldn't do that. "I can, I think. But I'll be doing the dance the whole way."

"That's better than peeing your panties."

Ellen nodded. "Can you walk with me?" She didn't wait for a response. People always obeyed her. "I'm going to get up in three- two- one-"

She stood, and in the process of doing so spurted into her panties and maybe even her khakis. She would have looked at her crotch to see if it showed but she had her hands covering her crotch. Besides, she'd been sitting, so the damage would be behind her, where she couldn't see.

Anna stood at the same time as Ellen. "Come on. You're not going to get much farther if you stand there."

So Ellen began walking. She had her hands between her legs, and she could only take baby steps. She was aware of Anna at her side.

She was in the middle of the car, which was doubly humiliating. First, she was the farthest in the car from a door. And second, everyone could see her clutching herself.

Twenty feet.

Ten.

She spurted again, and this time she could feel it on her hands.

Five.

She was at the door. Anna opened it, and Ellen hobbled through.

The cool air was both refreshing and dangerous. She peed a little, though she got it under control. "Anna... could you get my pants?"

"Get your pants?"

"I can't move my hands, otherwise I'll go. Oh please?"

Ellen gasped as Anna's hands touched her overfull bladder. They moved past to her zipper.

She realized with a sick feeling that she was very nearly completely peeing herself. By this time she was leaking every few seconds. She couldn't see past Anna's head, bent over her zipper, but she thought that she felt urine on her legs.

Finally Anna stood. "It's down."

Ellen tugged on her pants and no no no they wouldn't come down...

Anna's hand was on the side of her leg, pulling her khakis lower. Finally they were down.

She squatted just enough to get the stream free of her pants, not at all mindful of her still-on panties, and released.

It felt amazing. There was a sharp pain in her abdomen, but the dull ache was at last receding. The stream went on for at least a minute, maybe one and a half, then dribbled down to nothing.

Ellen looked down and realized that her panties were still on, soaked from the front to halfway to her back. She turned her eyes to Anna, and the other woman laughed. "You really, really had to go!"

"You didn't know that?"

"Well, it's more like you have a huge bladder."

Ellen nodded. "I drank a lot." She looked at her pants. There was a six-inch patch around her crotch, and rivulets down her legs. She turned around. The back of her pants were completely soaked. "What am I going to do?"

"Everyone on the train already knows you had to go, and I bet they saw your butt. The problem is getting new clothes."

"Any suggestions?"

"You could come to my house. I'd guess you're a size four jeans?"

"About."

"You'd fit my clothes. How's that?"

Ellen laughed, running her hands through her short black hair. It felt absurd, that she, a grown woman, had wet most of her pants and all of her panties. "That's fine."

That's the story. It's my first omorashi writing, so I'm a little nervous about posting it. Criticism? Thoughts? Also, 1600 words. Woo.

*003*2014-06-02 20:28

I'm definitely continuing this story. I have a few ideas planned and I think that people might like them. I think I will write the next chapter with more build-up and desperation; it's the way I like it best.

