Story made completely by AI

Author: Angusllllll

*000*2022-07-15 21:16

This story was almost completely made by an ai, I just put in the prompt, and it the ai did the rest!

Demaris is at a party. He doesn't know the host personally, but he still came to the party because his crush, Ilian, is coming. He's wearing a new shirt and jeans that he found in a thrift shop near school. The shirt isn't very fancy or anything, just a plain white V-neck with a collar. It's not too tight on him either, so it should be okay for dancing. He is dancing when he realizes he needs to pee. He decides to go outside, since he doesn't know where the bathroom is.

When he gets out there, he has no idea where to go! There are bushes and trees all around. But then he sees a group of people standing behind a tree. They have their back to him, as though they're talking about something. Demaris figures if he can get close enough without them noticing him, he might be able to find a bush or something to hide behind while he pees. So he slowly creeps closer to the group of people, trying to make sure nobody notices him. Finally, he's right beside one of them--it's Ilian. She turns towards him and looks up at him. Her eyes widen with surprise. "Who are you?!" she asks quickly. "Um..." says Demaris nervously. "I was looking for... uh... do you think there's a bathroom out here?" Ilian frowns. "There's a bathroom inside."

"Oh yeah!" says Demaris. "That's what I thought. Sorry to bother you guys." Demaris knows that he can't pee out here, now that she's spotted him. He now really needs to go, and he definitely can't tell her that, so he'll have to wait until they move away from this spot or go inside to find a bathroom. Demaris blushes, embarrassed. He feels like such an idiot, standing here in front of her, asking for the toilet. Demaris walks back towards the house and enters through the back door.

As he goes down the hall, he hears someone say, "Wasn't he cute?"It's Ilian, but he is too focused on his bladder to think much of it. He finds himself heading into a room with a bunch of other kids. A girl who looks vaguely familiar comes over to him. "Are you here for the party?" she asks. Demaris nods, trying to look friendly. "You must be Demaris," she says. "I'm Kaitlyn." Kaitlyn is pretty, with long black hair and dark brown eyes. She's wearing a pink dress and a big smile. "Umm.. hi, do you know where the bathroom is?'' he asks her. She gives him directions to the bathroom. "It's upstairs, next to the kitchen. Just follow the hallway past the stairs."

"Thanks!" says Demaris. As he heads up the stairs, he leaks a little bit into his underwear and has to hold himself with one hand. He tries to hurry through the house, hoping that nobody will notice. He reaches the top of the stairs and enters the hallway. Suddenly, he stops. He can hear a noise coming from the bathroom, it's the sound of water flowing as someone takes a shower. Demaris blushes. He can feel his face getting hot. He's never had to take a piss so badly before, he knocks on the door, but there's no reply. He wonders if maybe he should try and find another bathroom. He's already gone outside once, he doesn't want to do that again. But suddenly, he thinks better of it. If he waits around in the hallway, the person in the shower might not come out on time. He looks around. There is a bedroom further down the hall, with its door slightly open. Maybe he could use that room? He slowly moves towards the door.

He enters the room and begins to look around, but then, he hears footsteps approaching. He doesn't want anyone to see him in the state that he is in, bending over and holding his crotch, so he dashes for the bed and hides under it. He's breathing heavily, his heart beating fast. He's desperate not to wet himself, but he also wants to avoid being seen by whoever's coming. The steps get closer and closer. Demaris is terrified, wondering who it is, and whether or not they'll find him. Then, the person enters the bedroom. It's Kaitlyn, with her back turned to him. After her, Ilian follows her in. The two girls shut the door and begin talking about the party. Demaris listens from under the bed, trying not to make a sound while still keeping himself from wetting himself.

"So what did you think of your first dance?" asks Ilian. "Yeah, it was fun!" replies Kaitlyn. "I felt kind of awkward at first, but then I got used to it."

"Do you dance much?" asks Ilian. "No, not really," says Kaitlyn. "I mean, I've only been to a couple of dances, and I don't really dance at those."

"Me neither," says Ilian. They talk some more about how they didn't know anybody else at the party. Demaris feels another small stream of warm liquide sneak out and squeezes himself even more tightly to stop it. His bladder hurts like hell and he lets out a small groan. Suddenly, the conversation pauses. Both girls stop talking and turn their heads towards the bed. They look at each other. Then Kaitlyn steps closer to peer underneath the bed. Demaris can't believe it. He feels like dying. What if they see him?! But he can't help himself, he can't keep himself from peeing any longer. He has to go, and there's no way for him to hold it anymore!

"Hey!" whispers Kaitlyn. "What is it?" asks Ilian. "Someone's under the bed," says Kaitlyn quietly. Ilian steps closer to look. "Who is that?" she asks. Demaris's heart is pounding. He blushes furiously. He can feel his face burning. He holds his breath and curls up on the floor, hoping that they'll just walk away and pretend that they didn't see him. But then Ilian speaks. "It's... Demaris." Kaitlyn's expression changes. She looks surprised. "Demaris? Why would he be hiding under the bed?"

"I think he's going to pee his pants," says Ilian. Demaris can hardly believe what she just said. He moves his head to look up at them. The two girls see him, lying on the floor, clutching himself with both hands and staring at them with wide eyes. "Oh my god!" cries Kaitlyn. "Is he going to pee right here?" Demaris blinks. It's true, he is, he has to go so badly. "Demaris, come on out, the bathroom is right across the hall." says Ilian. "I... I can't..." he says, once again lowering his head. He cannot move an inch, if he does, its will all come out. "Come on, we won't tell anyone," says Ilian. Demaris hesitates. He can feel his urine starting to leak into his pants. He has to go so badly, he can barely breathe. "Come on, let's go," says Ilian. "I can't..." says Demaris, his voice dropping to a whisper. "What? Why not?" asks Kaitlyn. "If I... I'll.."

"If you what?"

"I'll wet my pants," he says softly. Kaitlyn and Ilian look at each other. Kaitlyn suddenly gets up. She walks across the room and comes back with an empty watering can. "Here." she says, pushing the watering can towards Demaris.Demaris knows what he needs to do. Peeing in the watering can while laying down will be no easy task. But he's desperate, and he has no other choice. He lifts his hands up to the button on his jeans. Doing this, he releases the pressure keeping it all it and it starts flowing out. His hands shoot back to where he'd held them before, but all he can do is feel the warm liquid flow through his fingers as it gushes out of him. He can't believe he is wetting himself under his crush's best-friend's bed, while his crush is watching!

He lets out a small groan as the flow of urine keeps going. It streames out of the soaked denim, soaking his shirt too as he lays in the growing puddle of his own pee. It's all over his hands, his legs, his feet, his hair, his shirt, his ears, everything! "Are you done yet?" Kaitlyn asks. Demaris realizes that they had gone on top of the bed, and didn't see him pee everywhere, they had mistaken the faint hissing noise that he had made as the noise of him peeing in the watering can. He doesn't answer Kaitlyn's question. "Demaris?" she says as they slide off the bed and behold the mess he had made. "I'm sorry," mutters Demaris. He is blushing furiously, his face feels like its on fire. Kaitlyn looks at him, eyes wide in shock. "What the hell, Demaris?" she asks. "I... I..."

"You what? You what?"

"I wet my pants," he mumbles, ashamed. "Oh for god's sake," says Kaitlyn. She turns to leave the room. "Kaitlyn! We need to help him." Ilian calls out, stopping her in her tracks. She turns to Demaris and looks down at the puddle and the wet denim clinging to his legs. He has turned so that they can only see the back of his head as he shakes with silent sobs. "He can take care of it himself." Kaitlyn says, and they both walk out.

Made with AI Dungeon

