Desperate Drawing

Author: Diesel

*000*2011-01-03 03:01

Chou sat at her desk, pen in hand, fresh piece of paper in front of her. She was skilled at drawing anime and manga so she used it for what she loved; omorashi. Chou leaned back in her chair, pondering what she would draw. That was when she felt it. A tiny tingle in her bladder telling her she needed to pee. It can wait, Chou thought in the back of her head. Chou bit the end of her pen out of habit while imagining a very desperate Naruto waiting for his instant noodles to be done. Pleased with her witty ideas, Chou got to work.

20 minutes pass

Chou felt another tingle, stronger this time, coming from he lower abdomen. Angry with her need, but still enjoying it, Chou shifted to sit on one foot. With something pressing firmly on her crotch, she could work again. Now finishing up Naruto, she started on the counter where his noodles would be. Another tingle hit her, but stronger than ever. This caused Chou to drop her pen and grab her crotch with both hands. She slowly took one away and then the other. Getting back to drawing, Chou imagined wetting herself on purpose. She always could. Her mind snapped back to the drawing as she heard her pen scratch the paper roughly. Thank god it's erasable, Chou breathed silent thanks.

20 minutes pass

Chou rocked back and forth in the chair subconsciously as she started to color in her drawing. It was adorable to her, and she would stash it away with all the others in the under part of her drawer. Her bladder was getting quite full. It was hard to focus on shading in Naruto's hair. Grabbing her crotch with her right hand (she's a lefty like me :D) Chou continued to color in her picture. Her mind kept wandering to omorashi fanfics she read where girls would lose control while being absorbed in what they were doing. That might happen to me, Chou thought jokingly, spacing out a bit.

60 minutes pass

Now Chou's mind is focused on her bladder and only he bladder. She finished her picture a while back, but she was so close to bursting she knew standing up would only trigger the flood. Both hands clutching herself tightly, she stood up from her seat slowly, only lifting her bottom slightly at first. This caused one uncontrollable spurt to leak info her white cotton panties, most likely visible under her red pleated skirt. Chou made herself stand up a little more each minute, as that was how much time ot took her to get over each spurt. By the time Chou reached her door, Her white cotton panties turned completely yellow at the crotch and her girlhood could've been made out under all the wetness.

Out in the hall, all was quiet so Chou's squeaks after each spurt was clearly audible. Somehow, Chou made it to the door of the bathroom but she would need one hand to open it, as it was shut tightly. With her right hand still holding her crotch through her skirt, Chou slowly raised her left hand to the doorknob. Spurting every second, making large wet spots on her skirt, she opened the door and walked in slowly. She only managde to lift the toilet seat before the floodgates opened, and she began to full on wet herself. Her panties were soaked all around her crotch, pee poured from the sides and out the fabric itself onto her red pleated skirt, turning it a darker shade. Eventually, the liquid started pouring through her skirt, into her hands, still clutching her crotch tightly. It fell from in between her fingers and off te sides, creating a small puddle on the floor.

Chou wasn't mortified to the spot though. Not the least bit embarrassed, actually. She started rubbing her wet crotch through her panties, humming happily to herself as she was getting aroused quickly. Taking her time, she mopped up the puddle on the bathroom floor.

*003*2011-01-04 00:22

{{: 

Good story. I think that it would have been better if you had described everything somewhat more gradually: you are giving snapshots of her situation and making the change between them very abrupt, especially in the second case. Replacing the ''{20,60} minutes pass'' with a paragraph that describes what happened and perhaps letting the reader decide how long it all took would make for better reading. As the timings are now, it seems like she got desperate after 20 minutes and then held on for another full 80. Further, that 60 minutes skip seemed to do little to her bladder, and omitted some build-up that many would gladly see.

Another note is that the comment in the middle of the text breaks the flow. Something like 'her left still holding the pen' would have made it clear without interrupting the story. If you want to add a comment about it, a footnote would have done just as well.

}}

Thq ms for the feedback. Being a fail at all things grammatical, I appreciate the advice. I should probably read my stories over after I'm done with them. As for the changes, I really just wanted to get to the point of her bladder bursting, but now I see the significance of the desperation.

