Kiku Solo Omo

Author: おしっこ我慢

*000*2010-11-06 06:13

Kiku solo omo

By ~Omo-Art

Kiku stood at the door, fumbling with the keys.

"Man, I have to get out of this rain!" he felt wet everywhere.

Thunder growled overhead.

The door creaked open and inside he hurried.

Yao had taken up an uncomfortable amount of his time, back at the market, yakking away at him with the things he couldn't care less about.

Kiku sighed, dropping his keys on the counter and began to prepare some tea.

The rain pounded the window outside.

He smiled. Rain was so calming.

He went to his room and changed into some drier, comfier clothes, then sat down with his tea in front of his fireplace, which was crackling away nicely.

He lay down on the floor and stretched. His outstretched fingers touched something papery, he reached out and pulled it over.

A yaoi hentai manga. He blinked.

'Hang on – I haven't read this one yet!'

How lucky!

He flicked the front page open and began to read it.

Kiku was most content, snuggled up in front of his fire with his hot tea and hotter porn, as well as a beautiful storm raging outside.

Perfection.

Of course, it couldn't last...

'Hrr..' he sighed. There it was – the telltale twinge in his bladder.

Kiku had to pee.

And leave this comfort? This warmth? This porn?

Kiku thought not, and snuggled further into his blankets. In reading this delicious new porn manga, Kiku discovered, one of the men in the manga looked shockingly like Yao. And in that kimono...z

With that desperate look...could he need to...

He was turning the pages eagerly now. Too bad it was in English.

The Yao look-a-like was clearly having an omorashi experience. Kiku blushed pervily. A thrill of excitement coursed his body.

"Yao" groped at the cloth of his kimono, trying to hold it in.

A feeling of something on his crotch shocked Kiku from his thoughts. It was his own hand.

He ignored it, even though his need to urinate was growing steadily. He had already come to think of this feminine, kimono-clad drawing as Yao. Oh, he looked so helpless. Kiku felt his cock growing stiff. And he had to go quite badly now.

His body seemed to be subconsciously following Yao's own movements. Yao rubbed at his chest, Kiku's hand followed suit.

Suddenly Yao spurted – his kimono darkened from the urine.

A sudden release of urine into Kiku's pants quickly alarmed him , and he cried out. Tossing the book aside, he felt his crotch. It was definetly wet. He stared down at it from his position, elbow propped up against a pillow on the floor.

'Ahnn..' he bit his lip. His fingers rubbed delicately against the cloth of his shorts and a moan escaped. He realized that he had become aroused over his own desperation.

Through a combination of rain, comfort, tea, and desperation porn, Kiku was enjoying the fullness of his bladder.

He smiled arousedly. I'm alone, no one's around. I can be as desperate as I want.

But he had no intention of wetting himself. It would be too far for him. So, what was kimono yao up to these days? Oh, squeezing both hands between his slender, lily-white thighs?

Kiku smiled to himself, feeling his hands slide between his own thighs. He was now feeling very desperate, but couldn't help pushing just a little more.

More, more. And when it felt like it was about to come out, he wrenched control back. The wave of desperation that ensued made Kiku want to come everywhere. Rubbing his sensitive spot, he rolled on the floor slightly.

It felt so good! He was stiff as. Yao...

He grabbed the book again. His body synched itself to Yao's movements once more.

Kiku now stood, as Yao had, squirming, pulling at his crotch, dancing from foot to foot.

He wanted to feel the delicious warmth course over his fingers and trickle down his legs.

But he wasn't going to wet himself. Maybe...I'll go in the shower and get naked... and...

He bit his lip again as one hand crept over his bladder and pressed down – he cried out sharply – more urine had escaped. 'Im...more desperate..then I thought ..' he whispered, then stroked himself some more.

10 minutes later, the tea had filtered through his system, and Kiku was frozen in delicious agony.

To move sent floods of desperation (and urine) pushing against the bottom of his bladder.

It was ecstacy. 'I need to get to the shower in time..though...' he kept reminding himself, stroking his thighs and slightly damp crotch. His fingers danced across this entrance, pushing.

'Nnf!' Sweat beaded his forehead.

Yao had a camera – he was going to film his desperation for his lover?

Kiku moaned – I want to film myself...' he thought.

He stood shakily to his feet. He almost had to sit down but managed to keep himself standing.

No- I'm not desperate enough yet. He sat down again, legs crossed, breathing in, then out. His cheeks blushed furiously red. He struggled over.

Ah – there it was. The camera sat on the bench. He reached out for it.

In that moment, he had to let go of the bench and grab his crotch hard as he nearly lost full control.

'Oh god-'

Plit. Plit.

Two small drops of urine hit the floor between his lean legs.

'I'm-Oh-' he grabbed the camera and ran back to the loungeroom.

Ok, its filming now.

He lay back down. Yao? Some inspiration? He could barely think, as he squeezed his thighs together as hard as he could. Yao had lost a bit of control, and had lifted his kimono to look at his underwear in shy embarrassment.

Kiku couldn't help but do the same. His white undies were wet to the touch. He squeezed them and urine spilled out onto his hand.

He gasped in arousal, then started fingering his entrance. Then, he pulled his shorts back up.

Suddenly desperation had consumed him.

He cried out, pressing himself against the floor.

'Oh –g- Im g-' Curling himself up tight, he tried to prevent the oncoming deluge.

He decided it was time to go to the shower.

He was still shaking with desire.

'Oh, but...I don't think I can move.' He thought worriedly.

That ball seemed to be the only way he could NOT wet himself.

He uncurled slightly – his urine further beat at his tired bladder.

He spurted some more. This caused a cry of arousal from his vocal chords.

'No – not good – I –I need t-' I cant wet myself – I simply can't!

No- I can make it. I know it.

He stood up and took a halting step. His hand gripped his length so tightly his knuckles were white.

You can do this!

No – No you can't!

'Dauugh!' his legs collapsed from beneath him, so powerful was the pressure in his bladder.

'Oh god no!' Tears filled his eyes, arousal lingering not for beneath.

He whimpered loudly.

"I c-cant-'

'Help..' he whispered to no one.

He stood up once more and took another step. It was then he realized urine was trickling down his leg. 'Uaah!' he cried.

He finally lost control, he realized. And no amount of crotch grabbing could change it.

Kiku felt hot urine flood his cupped hand – arousal overtook embarrassment.

A throaty groan tore from his vocal chords, he rubbed firmly against each part he felt the urine rushing over. Warmth pooled around his testicles.

From the bottom of his shorts his shame expelled, it poured down his smooth legs onto the wooden floor. The puddle at Kiku's feet grew quickly.

'Nn..' he squeezed his soaked length through his wet shorts. At least he had finished wetting himself. His legs were covered in trails of urine.

His dick pulled strongly against the fabric of his pants, he felt so immensely aroused. He sat down, pulling his shirt off and throwing it aside. The puddle consumed any dry spots and he soaked himself in it. Kiku played in it as a child would play in a puddle of water.

He then began to wank himself off. Hard thrusts and pumps brought the sweaty Asian to the most shockingly great orgasm he had had in a long time.

Afterwards, he began to feel embarrassed over his actions and couldn't help but weep a little.

Later that day, after Kiku had cleaned his floor and self up, there came a knock at the door. It was Yao. Kiku grabbed him and pulled him inside. Yao didn't leave until the following morning.

He had only come over to borrow Kiku's camera.

It wasn't until Yao was safely at home did Kiku remember what he had recorded on it.

Owari

