Something I Decided to Quickly Write

Author: littleefoxx

*000*2015-01-29 15:29

I step into my bedroom and shut my door after a long day at work. I walk over to the bed and I lay down, exhausted and not wanting to move. Suddenly I feel something pounce on top of me!

It's my lovely wife. "Mmm oh God baby I've missed you so much" the words slip off her tongue and before I could catch a reply, she starts rubbing her tongue against mine, softly grinding on my dick. I grow mesmerizied for a moment as i always do with her then suddenly I feel something strange.

Her legs begin to quiver and she grips onto my shirt as I feel a wet warmth soak threw my jeans and her biting on my lip. She moans deeply and I can't take it anymore. I push my hand into her panties with her wetting all over my hand. I can feel her smile through the kissing as I softly rub her, making her warmth spread all over my body.

Then I felt it as well. I pulled my dick out and began wetting all over her chest and stomach. She moans and starts rubbing all over her body in front of my eyes, clothes soaked in warmth. She pulls out some Vaseline and says "Let's make this a quick one baby, I can't wait anymore"

Before I could say a word, her hand was lubricated, stroking my dick rather quickly. I push two fingers inside of her, making her jump and moan with pleasure. We lay there, mutually masturbating and getting close to climax. She starts wetting more, setting me off and I let it out all over her. She bounces up and down on my fingers then freezes and wiggles her hips back and forth, cumming and wetting all over my arm.

She falls over beside me, staring into my eyes as she pulls my hand up and licks my fingers clean. She leans over and kisses me then we take all of our clothes off and cuddle closely.

*002*2015-01-29 21:55

Thanks <3

