Potter's Desperation

Author: AlwaysSnarry

*000*2013-11-05 04:02

Harry Potter was not a happy wizard. Earlier that day he had woken up to a wet bed - for the eighth night in a row - and had gotten into a minor duel with Draco Malfoy in the corridor before breakfast. Flich, of course, had to be the one that caught them and took them to McGonnagal. Sick of their constant fighting, McGonnagal decided to force the two to cooperate. She'd ordered them to pack a bag, telling them that they were going to be spending the weekend away from their dorms.

Nervous, Harry walked slowly back to McGonnagal's office after packing his bag. He'd be spending the weekend with Malfoy. He wasn't sure what that entailed, but with Harry's growing bedwetting problem and occasional day wetting problems Harry wasn't sure he'd survive with his pride intact.

He came upon the office door and was unable to dally any longer. Knocking and getting a response, Harry opened the dooe hesitantly. Malfoy was already back, looking as if someone had stuffed an entire lemon in his mouth.

"Follow me, boys," McGonnagal ordered, and took off quickly down the corridor not waiting for the boys to follow her.

Glaring at one another, they complied, chasing after their professor as she made her way through the castle, opening doors and turning paths that Harry had not explored before. He wasn't even sure they were on the Map. Malfoy looked as lost as he did, so Harry was sure this part of the castle was long forgotten by the students, making the young Gryffindor more nervous with each passing second.

Finally, McGonnagal stopped in front of a tall oak door. She turned to her students giving them a calculating glare.

"This room was built by the founders when they first discovered how volitile young Gyrffindors and Slytherins can be towards one another." she started. "The room was used to house problem students, keeping them there until they could learn to get along." Harry gulped at that. He and Malfoy were like fire and water; it would take years for the boys to solve their problems, if ever.

"However," McGonnagal continued, "that rule was disbanded many years ago. These days the room is hardly used, and only in extreme circumstances. It was also changed to allow students to leave after three days. Locking them up in here for weeks or months caused a drastic slip in grades."

"So we'll only have to be in here until Monday morning?" Harry asked.

"Yes. However, after speaking with Professors Dumbledore and Snape we decided that it would be best to have you stay in this room every weekend until you learn to get along."

"WHAT!" Shrieked Malfoy, aghast.

"Do not ask me to repeat myself, Mr. Malfoy." McGonagall warned. "The house elves will provide you with your meals and will unlock the door Monday morning in time for your first class." With that she swished her wand and the door opened. "This is a time of war; you two are the leaders of your houses, and in order for us to win this war you two need to set aside your personal differences and get along.

"You are also required to surrender your wands while you are in the room. You will not be needing magic, and you clearly cannot be trusted not to do bodily harm to each other when unsupervised." Glaring at the grumbles of protest, Harry grudgingly gave his professor his wand. Malfoy slowly gave his wand up as well, although Harry swore he heard Malfoy mummer something about his father hearing about this.

She hustled the two into the room, shutting it behind them quickly. Harry heard the door lock behind them. Resigned, Harry looked at the room they were in. It was an average sized room, done in tones of soft browns and creams. Two beds were at the far wall, night tables and dressers beside them. Closer to the door was a large fireplace, a sofa and two armchairs facing it. A bookshelf stood off to the side, and opposite it was a door Harry assumed lead to the bathroom. No place for Harry to really avoid Malfoy, however, the more pressing problem was that Harry was not seeing a way to hide his nighttime problem from his arch enemy.

Thinking about his bladder made Harry realize that his bladder soon needed release. He sat his bag down on one of the beds and was just about to turn to the bathroom when Malfoy stormed his way past, heading for the loo.

"Hey, I was about to go in there." Harry protested.

"Too slow Potter. I need a shower. A Malfoy is expected to look his best at all times, even when there is no one important around to see him." With that he shut the door, leaving Harry and his bladder on the wrong side of the bathroom.

Harry heard the shower turn on, the sound of running water making his bladder twinge. It wasn't a desperate twinge, not yet, and Harry figured he could wait it out and he set about unpacking his things.

Half an hour later the shower was still running and Harry began to grow desperate. He had taken a seat by the fireplace and tried to read his new Quidditch book, but he couldn't stop squirming. If Malfoy took much longer Harry wasn't sure he could wait it out without accident. Gathering up his willpower Harry turned back to his book, doing his best to ignore his persistant bladder. He was sixteen years old and he could damn well act like it.

Ten minutes later Harry heard the shower shut off. Finally, Harry though, setting his book aside, preparing himself to rush to the loo the second Malfoy vacated the room. His bladder had turned painful and he couldn't stop himself from squirming at the prospect of soon being able to release himself. Harry, however, underestimated the time it would take Malfoy to get dressed after his shower. Ten more minutes had passed and still the Slytherin boy hadn't come out. Harry was beginning to panic. He no longer tried to restrain his squirming. He crossed his legs, but that was no help. Minutes more passed and Harry knew it wouldn't be much longer before he would loose it. Glancing at the bathroom door Harry decided he had to chance asking Malfoy how much longer he'd be.

"Oi! Malfoy! Would you hurry up in there?"

"A Malfoy's beauty takes time to complete." Came the muffled response.

Harry groaned in fustration. If a Malfoy's beauty took too much longer to complete Harry wouldn't make it. The pressure just kept building and building. Harry's hand began to slip its way down to his penis, grabbing himself through his jeans and squeezing, trying to relieve himself of some of the pressure. It worked for a minute, and Harry began to relax a bit.

Inside the bathroom Malfoy turned on the tap, the sound carrying outside to Harry's weak and protesting bladder. His slightly relaxed bladder couldn't take it, and he released a few drops of golden liquid into his boxers before he could grasp himself tighter, moaning.

Harry was now completely tense and unable to keep still. His leg was jiggling, and his left hand was reaching down to join his other hand in grasping himself. He squeezed tighter as he felt a sharp pain flow through his lower abdomen. His bladder strained, and he couldn't stop a small squirt from leaking out into his now damp boxers. Harry grit his teeth, crossed his legs, and hoped to Merlin Malfoy would get out of that bathroom. Harry wasn't sure he could last any longer.

More minutes passed and Harry found it harder and harder to keep himself dry. He heard the tap turn off just as his bladder let go for a few seconds. Regaining control of his aching bladder was much harder this time, and Harry looked down to find a small dark spot in the crotch of his jeans.

Just as Harry wasn't sure he would last a minute longer Malfoy exited the bathroom. Harry jumped to his feet, his bladder leaking more drops out as he moved. Ignoring Malfoy's snide comments, Harry quickly pushed past him, slamming the door shut as he finally made it to the loo. However, those last, desperate, steps had been Harry's undoing. His poor bladder could take no more and Harry stood in the middle of the bathroom, his bladder emptying itself. It was all Harry could do not to moan loudly in pleasure as the golden puddle gathered at his feet.

As the final drops escaped, reality hit Harry like a bludger. Here he was, wandless and stuck in a room with Draco Malfoy, surrounded by a puddle of his own pee. How would he clean up this mess?

Thinking quickly, Harry pulled off his sodden jeans and boxers, using them to mop up the puddle. He wet his shirt in the sink and used it to clean up the remaining traces of his accicent, throwing it all in the hamper when he was done. Luckily, the hmaper was still charmed to send any dirty clothes directly to the house elves for cleaning, so Malfoy would never know. Harry hopped in the shower, thinking to himself that this weekend was going to feel more like a week if Malfoy kept hogging the bathroom. He still wasn't sure what he was going to do about his nighttime wettings.

This is my very first time ever writing a fic of any kind, so please be kind. Constructive criticism is welcome, as is undying love. Keep in mind I wrote this in about an hour, and it's not edited. Mistakes are sure to appear. If people seem to like this I'll probably contiune when I have time.

*002*2013-11-06 14:26

Chapter 2

The rest of the afternoon went by smoothly, with both boys ignoring the other. Harry worked on his schoolwork and for the first time ever he was done before late Sunday night. Despite Hermione's nagging, Harry and Ron had always put their work off until the last minute.

Harry made sure to make several more trips to the loo throughout the day, not wanting to get put into another situation like that morning. Luckily, or unluckily, it seemed like Malfoy was only a bathroom hog when he knew Harry needed to get in.

Around ten o'clock the house elves brought the two an evening snack, with a warning that the lights were spelled to shut off at exactly midnight, and that McGonagall’s orders were for the boys to be in bed before then. Harry was disheartened. He'd been thinking about his situation all afternoon and decided that if he didn't drink anything after supper and stayed up really late he might be able to make it through the night dry. Being told that he had a curfew along with the tempting hot chocolate that the house elf had served went against Harry's plan.

Maybe if I just sip it. It would look strange if I didn't drink it. Malfoy's gulping his down.

So Harry drank slowly, hoping that this screw in his plan wouldn't ruin things too much. He'd pee twice before going to bed. It would work. It had to.

Of course it didn't work.

Early the next morning Harry woke with a start. It took him a moment to get his bearings, used to waking up in Gryffindor Tower after six years at Hogwarts. After remembering where he was - and who he was with - Harry noticed his problem. He was lying in a puddle of cool liquid. Clearly he did not make it through the night dry, and peeing twice before bed hadn't helped. Harry groaned silently. How would he manage to hide this from Malfoy? More urgently, Harry could feel his bladder straining, telling him he needed to use the loo again, and soon.

Harry looked over at Malfoy's bed to find it empty. Looking around the room Harry didn't see Malfoy anywhere. Harry almost sighed in relief until he remembered that Malfoy couldn't leave the room. If he wasn't here then he must be in the bathroom. Looking at the door with dread Harry noted that the door was indeed closed, and he could hear faint sounds coming from inside the room. Damn. Harry squirmed, his pajamas uncomfortably damp and the waistband pressing unhelpfully into his aching bladder. Waking up in the morning meant anyone would have to pee pretty bad, but for Harry it meant he had minutes or less. Harry couldn't decide what was worse; wetting his bed again or getting up and begging Malfoy to let him in the loo. Either way Harry braced himself for the inevitable fact that Malfoy would be seeing him with wet pants and sheets.

Deciding to suck it up and ask Malfoy to let him in the loo, Harry started peeling himself apart from the soggy sheets when the bathroom door swung open, startling Harry, and in turn, his overfull bladder. His poor bladder couldn't take the scare and it let go in a strong stream. He froze, barely containing a moan of contentment at finally letting go. Harry glanced down at his crotch, noting that his pants had been so wet already that this new stream arched straight up from his lap, as if there were no barriers. Harry glanced back up at Malfoy, who was standing in the middle of the room, staring at Harry's crotch in shock. Harry, caught between watching Malfoy and watching the stream of urine leave his body, was sure he looked like one of those Muggle bobble heads, glancing up and down in rapid session.

After what seemed like several long minutes, the stream began to slow down, no longer flowing from his pants like a fountain. When all that was left were a few dribbles Harry hesitantly looked up at Malfoy.

Malfoy, for once, seemed speechless, still staring at Harry's wet pants, blinking owlishly.

"Malfoy..." Harry began, not really sure what to say.

Harry's voice seemed to break Malfoy's trance.

"What the sodding hell Potter? Are you five years old? Can't you control yourself or is this what all of the cool Gryffindors do?" He sneered.

"No," Harry murmured quietly, ashamed.

"You're not Harry Potter, you're Harry Potty!" Malfoy snorted, amused at his own joke.

Harry could feel tears threatening to fall at Malfoy's cruelty. He knew it wouldn't take long for Malfoy to spread the story around the school come Monday morning. By suppertime everyone would be calling him Potty.

Harry looked down at his mess, more ashamed and embarrassed than ever. "Please," he whispered, "Please don't tell anyone."

Malfoy stared at him, sneer still on his face. "Well why shouldn't I tell everyone that the great Potter can't even go potty on his own?"

Harry couldn't help it; a tear escaped.

"How do you plan on defeating the Dark Lord? wetting on him?" Malfoy continued.

"Please don't," Harry whispered again, head hung in shame and tears falling freely now.

After a minute, he could hear Malfoy move closer to the bed, but he didn't look up. He felt a hand hesitantly touch his arm.

"Hey, Potter. I was just joking. I'm not really going to say anything. McGonagall'd be really pissed if I started something so close to the war."

Harry glanced up at the blonde. Malfoy looked uncomfortable, but had a determined glint in his ice blue eyes. Eyes a person could get lost in if they let themselves...

He shook himself out of it, sniffled a bit, and said, "Really? You really won’t say anything? No one knows, not even Ron or Hermione."

"I really won’t say anything." Malfoy promised.

Harry wasn't sure what made him believe the Slytherin, but he did.

"Thanks,"

"Don't mention it. Now, let's get you cleaned up. If you take your sheets to the hamper the house elves will wash them, no questions asked. They'll probably bring you clean ones with breakfast."

Harry smiled. Malfoy was still arrogant and rude, but spending the weekend locked up with him might not be so bad.

*005*2013-11-07 00:05

{{:

Fantastic! I bet a lot of harry potter fanfics (especially ones involving omorashi) are more addictive to me than Heroine.

Could you feed my addiction by writing more, please?

}}

I'm working on getting a few more chapters done by tomorrow since I'll be away for the weekend. I'll probably post at least one tonight. Thanks for the love. :)

Edited November 7, 2013 by AlwaysSnarry (see edit history)

*006*2013-11-07 01:17

Chapter 3

Malfoy was right. When the house elves showed up with breakfast they brought Harry clean sheets, and even spelled the mattress dry. They said nothing about it, for which Harry was grateful. He kept waiting for Malfoy to change his mind about not telling anyone and start making fun of Harry again. But, so far, Malfoy has barley said a word to him, content to eat his breakfast in peace. Harry followed his lead, not bold enough to say anything or try to explain what happened that morning.

With breakfast finished, Harry picked up his new Quidditch book to read whilst Malfoy took out some boring looking book about Wizarding history. The two spent most of their morning in silence, not speaking until Malfoy marked his place in the book he was reading and sighed loudly.

“I’m bored.” He announced. “I don’t suppose you’d fancy a game of wizard’s chess?”

“I haven’t brought my chess pieces.” Harry told him sadly. There wasn’t much to do cooped up in this small room and a game of chess would have been a nice distraction from the boredom.

“I’ve got an extra set.”

“Great. I’m not very good though. No strategy.” Harry said as Malfoy walked across the room to gather the board and pieces.

“That’s fine. It means I get to win more.” Malfoy looked positively gleeful as he spoke. Leave it to the Slytherin to get excited at the prospect of besting Harry at something.

The two boys played chess quietly for a while, only speaking to direct pieces. Halfway through the second game Malfoy hesitantly brought up the subject Harry’d been dreading.

“So… Er. What was this morning about?” He asked as he directed his Queen to take Harry’s Knight.

Harry kept his eyes on the chessboard, concentrating on cleaning up his ruined Knight.

“I… Er. Well… It’s… It’s not my fault. I. Er. Well, I can’t really… I’ve got…” Harry really didn’t know how to explain things so that Malfoy wouldn’t laugh at him and kept stumbling over his words, trying to think of a way out of explaining his situation.

Malfoy looked at him with empathy in his eyes. “Harry,” he started, shocking the other boy with the use of his first name and causing Harry to look up and lock eyes with the blonde. “I promise you, whatever you say won’t leave this room. You can tell me.”

The sincerity Harry saw in the Slytherin’s eyes gave him the courage to speak.

“It started when I was a kid, three or four maybe. Aunt Petunia had finally gotten Dudley potty trained, so she decided that I was old enough to stop wearing diapers, too, even though she’d never bothered to teach me. I quickly learned not to have accidents around the house, but at night I couldn’t help it. Uncle Vernon -” Harry’s voice broke at the name and he finally broke his gaze with the ice blue eyes. “Uncle Vernon would beat me every morning that I wet.”

Harry felt a gentle hand cup his cheek, forcing his head upward to meet Malfoy’s eyes once again.

“Harry, it wasn’t your fault. You were just a kid. What they did was wrong.”

“That wasn’t all they did.” Harry was scared to continue. He’d never told anyone this before. He still wasn’t really sure what was compelling him to confide in Mal - Draco. If Draco could call Harry by his first name then so could he.

“Things started getting worse. The hitting, I mean. One morning I woke up really wet. I guess I’d had too much to drink before bed or something. I was soaking wet and the mattress was ruined. Uncle Vernon was furious. I had never seen him that mad. He hit me and hit me until I collapsed. Then he started kicking me. I think my ribs were broken and my arm certainly was, I was bleeding everywhere and still he didn’t stop.” Harry’s voice broke with a sob, but he couldn’t stop talking. Words were pouring from his mouth and he didn’t think he could stop talking if he tried. “Then he hit something and I’ve never felt such pain before. Even facing Voldemort I’ve never felt pain that bad. I’m not sure what he did but he must have gotten my bladder somehow. It let go then and I wet all over the carpet. Vernon went into a rage and the last thing I remembered was seeing his foot come down across my face.

“I woke up later in my closet. I don’t know how much time had passed, but my arm and ribs were better. I didn’t understand it at the time but I guess I must have magiced myself better. My lower stomach still hurt bad, my bladder I realized later, but at the time I didn’t know. I laid there for hours and no one let me out. It wasn’t the longest I’d been locked in my closet, but usually when they were leaving me there for long periods of time they’d leave me a bucket for.. y’know. Bathroom purposes. This time they didn’t and I started to have to go real bad. I didn’t want to get into more trouble by wetting again so I held it for as long as I could. When I finally couldn’t hold it any longer it hurt so bad. I couldn’t go at first and it scared me. It felt like a knife was stabbing at me.”

At some point Draco had moved around the table to sit next to Harry. He felt a warm arm wrap around his waist and Harry willing leaned into the embrace. Harry was openly sobbing now, unable to catch his breath. Draco murmuring calming words and rubbing his back only caused Harry to cry harder, and when Draco pulled the younger boy closer to him, he didn’t protest. He buried his head into the crook of Draco’s neck and sobbed for his lost childhood.

Some minutes later Harry pulled himself together, pushing himself away from the blond, embarrassed by his emotional breakdown. Draco wouldn’t let him go far, keeping one arm around the boy’s waist for comfort.

“I guess it was the combination of the kick from earlier and holding it so long after, but since that day I’ve always had a really weak bladder. I’ve never been able to stay dry when I sleep, and since I’m a pretty heavy sleeper most nights I wake up wet.” Harry finished his story, emotionally spent.

“Harry,” the other boy started. “You know that none of that was your fault, right? You were just a little kid. You didn’t deserve to have any of that happen to you.”

Harry nodded. “I know. Doesn’t make it any less embarrassing that I can’t even control my own bladder.”

Draco sympathized, he knew what it felt like not to have control over things.

“I know. But Harry, when you’re with me you don’t have anything to feel ashamed about, okay? I won’t make fun of you anymore, and I’m sorry I did earlier.”

“It’s okay. I must have made a pretty funny sight.”

“More like shocking. I had no idea what was going on. First I thought it was some sort of prank till I remembered that we couldn’t use magic. Does anyone else know this? Weasley or Granger? Madame Pomfrey?”

“No, no one. You won’t tell anyone, will you?” Bright green eyes met Draco’s, pleading with him silently.

“No,” he promised. “Your secret’s safe with me.”

“Thanks, Draco. For not saying anything, and for… being here.”

They eventually broke apart, going back to their chess game, which Harry lost spectacularly. They played a few more games, stopping when the house elves brought in lunch. They talked the rest of the afternoon, Harry sharing more details of growing up with the Dursleys and his wetting problem, and Draco speaking of growing up in the Wizarding world. It felt freeing to Harry to be able to talk so openly about his childhood; even Ron and Hermione didn’t know most of the stories Harry was telling Draco. All of a sudden Draco had gone from his school nemesis to his confidant, and Harry had no clue how it happened or if it was going to last.

He voiced his thoughts during a lull in conversation.

“I don’t know what’s going to happen. Only certain Order members know I switched sides. Dumbledore wants me to be a spy like Snape but I don’t know if I’ll be able to do it.”

“Does this mean that our… friendship.. can’t leave this room?” Harry asked, not even sure how to label this new development.

“I don’t think it can, not until I decide what I’m going to do. My father still sends me letters from Azkaban, trying to ensure my support of the Dark Lord in his absence. Mother seems to be going along with him.”

“That’s okay.” Harry was disheartened. He felt as if he had finally found someone who he could truly trust with his secrets only to have him ripped away.

“I’m sorry, Harry.” Draco noted the raven-haired boy’s change in demeanour. “We’ll find a way to still see each other. I am a Slytherin after all. We’re sneaky and clever and you know the entire castle like the back of your hand, we’ll think of something.”

*007*2013-11-07 15:05

Chapter 4

The rest of the afternoon passed quickly. The boys played chess, exploding snap, and ate the snacks the house elves left for them. They quickly became more comfortable with one another and were having a genuinely good time getting to know each other without egos and classmates getting in the way. While playing what had to be the eleventh game of Wizard’s Chess that day, Harry felt a twinge in his bladder, warning him he’d soon need to use the loo. He ignored it. For once it looked like he might be gaining the advantage on Draco and he didn’t want to distract himself from the game now.

He was in the process of cornering Draco’s Queen when the urge to urinate hit him even stronger. Again, he ignored it as he gleefully checked Draco’s chess piece. Draco took a long time trying to find a way out of defeat and for every minute he took thinking strategy Harry’s bladder threw stronger and stronger signals his way. He squirmed in place, waiting for Draco to make his move so Harry could win and run to the loo.

To Harry’s dismay, Draco found a way out and Harry ended up chasing him around the board for several minutes. The longer the game went on, the more Harry needed the loo, but he didn’t want to get up now, he was having a fun time and he still seemed to have a good chance at winning.

As Harry leaned over the table in concentration, his belt buckle dug into his bladder, irritating it and causing a small dribble to let loose into his boxers. Harry quickly leaned back, subtly placing a hand at his crotch, clutching his member in hopes of holding the liquid in until the game ended.

Draco was caught up in the game and didn’t notice Harry’s growing desperation. He moved his piece further out of the way, grinning. He mightn’t win, but he could make sure Harry had to work at winning this game.

Harry groaned silently, caught in a new dilemma. Even if he asked Draco to pause the game, Harry wasn’t sure if he’d be able to stand up without completely letting go control of his bladder.

Draco found a way to destroy one of Harry’s bishops and as he reached across the table to move the broken pieces out of his way a gush of hot liquid soaked his boxers. Harry couldn’t hold back his gasp of shock, causing Draco’s concentration to move from the game to his new friend.

“Are you okay?” he asked in concern.

“No,” Harry forced out, moving his other hand to his crotch in hopes of keeping the rest of his piss from coming out. “I really need to pee.”

“Well we can pause the game while you go. I promise I won’t cheat.” The blonde laughed.

After a moment of Harry not moving Draco’s expression once again turned to concern.

“Harry?” he asked.

“I don’t think I can get up…without wetting. I’ve held it too long.” Harry said softly.

“Oh,” Draco looked lost as to what to do help him.

“Ahh,” Harry groaned as a second spurt escaped, lasting longer than the previous. After several seconds Harry regained control, squeezing the life out of his penis in attempt to stop the flow. Looking down he saw a large wet patch at the front of his jeans. It was all he could do not to let go at the sight of the wetness. He looked to Draco for help, desperation in his eyes.

“What can I do to help?” Draco asked, willing to do anything to make the sad look in Harry’s eyes go away. He might have stopped to wonder how his feelings for Harry grew so quickly if it weren’t for the younger boy’s pressing problem. Harry was now almost doubled over from the pain of stopping the flow of liquid.

“Just help me stand up. Slowly.”

Draco rushed over, trying to get the boy to his feet without jostling him too much. The other boy was in such desperation that he feared moving his hands away from his crotch would end it all. Harry was almost fully vertical when Draco moved just slightly wrong, causing his elbow to jab into Harry’s lower stomach and the despondent boy to let loose a long stream of pee. Pee flooded his boxers and trickled down his legs while Harry desperately tried to regain control before a puddle formed on the floor. After a few tense seconds he slowed the flow, but he knew it wouldn’t last for long. He could still feel a steady stream of dribbles escaping.

“Hurry,” Harry urged Draco. “I’ve stopped, but barely.”

Moving quickly, Draco ushered Harry to the bathroom, half dragging half carrying the boy who was still holding himself in a vain attempt to stop the flow that had moved past a dribble at the constant movement. Harry could feel the wet hot urine trailing down his legs. He was sure that they left a path of pee behind them but all Harry cared about was making it to the toilet before his last shred of control left him.

Draco shoved the door open and led Harry to the toilet, noting that the closer they got the darker Harry’s jeans became. He figured he’d have seconds before the floodgates opened up.

Harry’s bladder grew more insistent at the sight of heaven being so close and Harry used every bit of will power he had not to let go yet. Not when he was so close. Draco placed Harry in front of the toilet, ready to exit and leave Harry with his last shred of dignity.

Harry panicked when he saw Draco begin to walk away.

“Draco,” he groaned out, “I can’t… move my hands. I need help.”

Draco noticed Harry’s dilemma as soon as the words left the other boy’s mouth. Cursing himself for his stupidity, he rushed back to the other boy, trying to work around his hands to open Harry’s jeans.

As his jeans button opened it dug into his stomach slightly, causing another small gush of pee to escape. Harry was beyond desperate by this point and was only seconds away from giving in.

“Okay, I’ve got your pants undone, but you’ve got to move your hands so I can pull them down.”

“I can’t!” Another trickle escaped, longer this time. Harry knew if any more escaped he’d be done for.

“Uh. Here’s what we’ll do. Move one hand at a time inside your pants, ‘kay?”

Harry nodded and concentrated on slowly moving one hand inside his jeans to grasp himself directly. He was able to hold himself more directly and successfully stopped any more urine form spilling. As he moved his other hand, Draco pulled his jeans down quickly and angled him towards the toilet.

Harry let his bladder release, the moan of relief Harry let out belonging in a porn video. Harry didn’t care, nor did he care that his jeans were soaked. He made it, mostly, and he felt it was an accomplishment. He didn’t stop to think what Draco thought of the whole thing until minutes later when the steady stream trickled down and stopped. He shook the last drops out then looked up at Draco, cheeks turning pink.

“Draco, I – Sorry. I didn’t mean for that –”

“Nonsense. Harry, you misjudged and held it for too long, it’s okay.”

“No, it isn’t.” Harry burst out. “I’m sixteen bloody years old and I can’t tell how long it too long and I pissed myself.”

“You made it in the end.” Draco tried to encourage his friend.

“Barley, and only because you were there.”

“Well that’s what friends are for.”

“Friends shouldn’t have to help friends make it to the bathroom in time.”

“Haven’t you figured it out yet, Harry? We’re not the normal kind of friends.”

*009*2013-11-08 11:48

Chapter 5

That night, Harry went to bed with mixed feelings. He knew that if he wet the bed Draco would not make fun of him. It felt so good not to have to worry about hiding his bedwetting. However, this was also the last night they'd spend in the room. Tomorrow was Monday morning and McGonagall would be there to get them in the morning. Harry really wished that he and Draco were able to stay friends in public.

Troubled, Harry had a hard time falling asleep, spending a good hour tossing and turning. He heard Draco do the same in the bed next to him.

Eventually Draco stilled, but just when Harry thought he'd gone to sleep he heard a rustling come from the other bed, then the light from the lamp lit the room.

"What are you doing?" asked Harry.

"I have an idea." Draco announced.

"About what?"

"About how we can still see each other after this weekend." Draco pronounced proudly.

"Well, how?" Harry urged, growing excited.

"When McGonagall comes to get us tomorrow we have to pretend like nothing has changed and that we still hate each other. She said we'd be stuck in this room every weekend until we can learn to get along, so we can just take a really long time to learn our lesson. This way, even if we don't get to see each other much during the week, we're guaranteed the weekend."

"Draco you're absolutely brilliant!" Exclaimed Harry.

"I know," smirked the Slytherin, turning the light off once more.

Content that their plan would work, Harry quickly drifted off to sleep.

The next morning Harry woke wet and desperate to pee again. Jumping from the bed he rushed to the bathroom to take care of business. After leaving his damp pajamas for the elves to deal with, Harry took a quick shower, then dressed for the day. When he wandered back into the main room Draco was just beginning to wake.

"Morning," Draco grunted.

"You'd better get up, McGonagall should be here soon." Harry warned as he moved to his bed to gather the wet sheets.

Draco grumbled, but gradually got out of bed, shuffling to the bathroom.

He's adorable in the morning, Harry thought, then stopped in his tracks. Did he just think of Draco as adorable? It must have been a mistake. Not enough sleep and too much stress were making his brain fuzzy. Harry shook the strange thoughts from his mind and moved toward the coffee table, were a house elf was laying out breakfast.

"Professor McGonagall is to be getting yous from yours punishment room at exactly 8:45." The elderly house elf informed him, moving to remake Harry's bed.

Harry thanked the elf for her trouble and dug in to the pile of eggs in front of him. Draco joined him several minutes later and the two ate in silence.

At precisely 8:45 there was a knock on the door, followed by the click of the lock being opened. Immediately the boys moved farther apart, Draco adapting his trademark scowl and Harry's face forming a look of displeasure. They had to pull this plan off if they wanted to be sure of their continuing friendship.

McGonagall walked in, surveying the room, eyes landing on her two students.

"Well, boys. Have you learned anything from your weekend in this room?"

"Yeah, Draco's a bloody bathroom hog." Harry muttered, just loud enough to ensure his professor heard him.

"Language, Potter." She scolded. "Mr. Malfoy?"

"Your Golden Boy talks in his sleep. Moaning about his poor, tragic life, I'm sure. I don't know how the other Gryffindors can stand his snivelling." Draco spat.

The two boys turned to each other and scowled.

"Mhhf, well I see you boys have learned nothing from your time in this room. Meet me in my office Friday after last class. You will be spending a second weekend here."

With that she turned and marched away, leaving Harry and Draco to scramble after her or get lost in the maze of unexplored corridors. They didn't even chance a look at each other for fear of McGonagall noticing. Who knew how good her feline senses were in human form.

The week passed slowly. Hermione, Ron, and the rest of the Gyrffindors were aghast at his punishment. Hermione was appalled at the idea of the isolation room, stating that it was barbaric and should have stayed unused. Harry only barley talked her out of issuing a formal complaint, terrified for a moment that he'd lose his only guarantee at a connection with Draco.

Classes went by as usual; Binns put his students to sleep, Flitwick showed them a nifty new concealment charm, Snape loudly complaining about his inept students, eyeing Harry as he did. All the while, Harry only saw Draco in class and the Great Hall, for his friends seemed to try to make up time lost on the weekend by never letting him go anywhere alone.

It was in Thursday's potions class that the only real glitch happened. Harry had a full class schedule that day, and spent lunch time revising his history essay, adding something Hermione insisted was vital information that couldn't be skipped over. Because of that, he hadn't gotten a chance to use the loo since before lunch, and midway through Snape's lecture about the important uses of unicorn hair in potions Harry's bladder started signaling him that he needed the toilet soon. Knowing that Snape never let the Gryffindors go to the loo during class, Harry did his best to try to ignore it.

Harry focused on taking notes, trying his best to keep from squirming in his seat. It worked for a while, but, fifteen minutes before the end of class, Harry's bladder contracted painfully, going from I need to go to I need to go now! Harry moved his left hand to his crotch, hunching over his desk to hide where his left hand went. Luckily, he was at the back of the classroom with only Ron on his right. Ron who was almost asleep, only waking every few minutes to scribble something down on paper.

Harry could feel a few of the first dribbles escape and clenched harder. There was no way he wetting in front of Snape and the Slytherins. He'd never live it down, and Snape would probably make him sit in his mess for the rest of class.

As the minutes slowly passed, Harry grew more and more frantic. The lecture was just winding down when Harry briefly lost control and a small spurt of hot piss dampened his trousers. He gave up all pretense of writing notes and focused solely on not losing it in class.

Draco noticed something was wrong with the Gryffindor when he had started squirming in his seat, and when Harry's left hand disappeared Draco knew the problem instantly. Harry had to use the loo, and badly. Draco spared a moment to wonder why Harry didn't ask to leave, but then remembered this was Snape. He once refused to let a girl use the bathroom, resulting in her upchucking her breakfast in her cauldron. Draco shuddered the memory and tried to focus on copying notes, but he couldn't stop himself from sneaking quick peeks at Harry every few moments. The other boy looked like he was fighting for control and Draco hoped he'd make it.

Snape had finished assigning that week's homework and was hurrying out of class. He never stayed after class, not wanting to be swarmed with confused students. Draco thought it irritating previously, but was glad for it now. Harry wasn't moving from his seat and he knew that it was because the other boy was scared to get up and jostling his weak bladder.

Draco dallied, telling his friends to go on ahead of him, he had something to do.

Across the room, Harry was telling his friends the same, and though they looked at him with question, they left him be, which Harry was relieved at. He had feared an argument from Ron.

Harry looked round the room, wondering if he would be able to make it to the nearest loo. He waited for the last of the students to leave before slowly getting up, only to moan as another small spurt escaped.

Someone came up behind him and Harry almost panicked until he saw white blonde hair and nearly cried with relief.

"Draco," he gasped out. "I don't know if I can make it. I'm already losing it!"

"Don't worry," the blonde moved a calming hand to his back and started rubbing soothingly. "I know a loo nearby that no one uses."

"Get me there, now!'

Draco led the teen to the door, peeking out to see if the corridor was empty. It was, so he moved out, guiding Harry by the arm, trying to get him to move as quickly as possible. Harry, however, was having difficulty moving fast, for every time he moved his bladder protested and threatened to give out.

"Draco," he moaned, stopping in his tracks. Another, longer, spurt of piss was escaping, and he clenched down hard. It had left a wet spot on the front of his trousers. "I'm losing it."

Seeing Harry so close to letting go and with tears in his eyes, Draco grew just as desperate. Thinking quickly he cast a feather light charm on the smaller boy, picked him up carefully, and all but ran to the loo.

Harry was clutching the older boy, caught between being happy at the speed in which they were now moving and being desperate because of the constant jerking of Draco's running.

"Please, hurry!" He cried, squeezing himself tightly, but not tight enough to stop more liquid from flowing. It soaked his crotch, and ran down his leg. It seemed to take forever for him to take back control and, as soon as he did, he almost lost it again.

"Draco, put me down! I'm peeing on you. Merlin, put me down!" Harry felt tears wet his face, but all he could think about was being seconds from completely letting go and not wanting to cover Draco with his piss too.

"It's okay, you're not going to pee on me. We're almost there." Draco tried reassuring his friend.

"I can't hold it!" Seconds away from the door Harry lost the battle with his bladder, piss spurting from his pants so quickly the stream was arching away from him, hitting Draco.

Sobbing now, he tried to shove Draco away, but the blonde refused to let go, instead continuing his trek to the bathroom.

Once inside the doors Draco still didn't put the wetting Gryffindor down, instead he spelled the doors closed and held the boy tight. He felt the wetness spread from the boy to him, but didn't care. He didn't want Harry to think that a little pee would ruin their newfound friendship.

Harry, upset and still wetting with gusto, clung to Draco, burying his face in the crook of Draco's neck as his body shook in relief. His trousers were soaked, so were Draco's, and a puddle was forming on the floor, but still the urine kept flowing. Finally, his pee slowed down, spurting out final dribbles until he was left empty.

He was snaking now, but for a different reason.

"Draco," he gasped out, "Oh Merlin, I'm so sorry. Please don't hate me. Don't leave me. Please, I'll be good."

His fear caused him to revert back to his time at the Dursley's, and he clutched at Draco's clothes, begging with the older boy not to hurt him.

"Shush, Harry. It's okay, I'll never hurt you. It's not your fault. I don't care that you pissed on me. I'd let you piss on me every day of the week if it meant keeping your friendship." Draco kept murmuring calming words into his friend's ear, rocking him gently, one hand stroking the boy's soft raven colored hair.

Harry finally looked up at Draco, sniffling. "You really don't care? I peed on you, you should care."

"It's only pee, Harry. It can be cleaned up easily with magic. See?" Speaking a simple cleaning spell, Draco waved his wand, their clothes drying and the puddle disappearing.

Harry realized that Draco was still holding him and moved to be put down. The other boy complied, but kept his arms wrapped around him, knowing he still needed comfort.

Pulling Harry into a hug, Draco kissed his forehead. Harry was shocked at the gesture. No one kissed him, ever. Well, except for Cho Chang, but that barley counted.

Feeling the warmth radiating from the blue-eyed blonde, Harry leaned in, wrapping his arms around Draco and settling his head over his chest, content for the first time in a long time.

AN: I won't do many author's notes, but I just wanted to send out a big thank you to those of you who have been following and reviewing my story. I never even expected readers, much less positive reviewers! I also probably will not be updating again until Monday since I'll be away for the weekend and will probably be too busy. I've got a few more chapters written though, and I'll post one as soon as I get back. Thanks again guys! Much love to yahs. :)
