The Girl Who Liked To Hold It - Part 1

Author: pdancefan

*000*2015-11-10 01:45

Here is a new story with a very different theme than the first story I wrote. Enjoy!

THE GIRL WHO LIKED TO HOLD IT

PART 1

Kelly was nine years old. She looked younger, however, as she was very small in stature - a tiny wisp of a thing. She had flaming red curly hair, freckles across her little nose, and a sunny disposition.

On this particular day, she was at school. It was recess period and the students were enjoying free time on the playground. Kelly was swinging on the swingset when she noticed a 6th grader was playing on the jungle gym nearby. What caught Kelly’s eye was the fact that the 6th grader kept stopping her climbing to jam one hand into her crotch. Kelly couldn’t understand why the girl didn’t go to the bathroom. She herself had potty trained easily with little problem. As recess progressed, Kelly could see the girl fidget more and more as she repeatedly grabbed her crotch and danced around.

Finally, the teacher called them in, and the students lined up. Kelly was right behind the fidgeting girl in line and as they entered the building, she heard the girl say, "I have to pee!" This prompted Kelly to ask why she didn’t go before, "I didn’t want to stop playing," said the girl, "Besides, it’s fun to try to hold it!" The girl then received permission from the teacher to go to the bathroom, and went to pee at last.

The rest of the afternoon, Kelly couldn’t stop thinking about what she had seen and what the girl had said. Holding your pee is fun? Kelly had never thought about such things. She wondered what it felt like for the girl to hold her pee that long. The more Kelly thought about it, the more she wanted to try holding her own pee.

The next day, Kelly decided to hold her pee all day at school. She would pee when she got up in the morning, and then would hold it in until she got home after school. Kelly, wearing blue jeans and a pink shirt felt fine all morning, then drank her half-pint carton of milk and a cup of water at lunch. By the afternoon toilet break, Kelly felt her bladder filling up, but did not use the bathroom, while taking several gulps of water at the water fountain. By the last class Kelly was getting uncomfortable, her bladder sending signals that it was getting full. She was moving her knees side to side very slowly and shifting her bum on her chair a little as she tried to ignore her bladder.

The teacher finally dismissed the students for the day. Kelly gathered up her homework and pack her backpack. As she stood up, her need to pee suddenly worsened, and she wriggled her right leg front to back for a few moments, until the urge to pee lessened. Kelly left the school and started to walk home. At first she was alright, but then she had to stop for a stoplight at an intersection. Standing still now, Kelly’s need worsened, and she started wriggling her right leg again, then started rocking from foot to foot.

The light finally changed, and Kelly started walking again. She continued on until she reached her family’s house. Stepping up onto the front porch, Kelly felt her bladder suddenly spasm. She felt her pee push against her urethra and quickly grabbed her crotch with her hand to hold it in as she started prancing around in front of the door. Not wanting her mother to see her holding her pee, she worked hard to get the urge to pee under control before entering the house. Kelly managed to get control of herself, and entered her house. "Hi! Mom!"

"I’m in the kitchen, dear!" her mother called out.

"I’ll be right back downstairs!" replied Kelly. Kelly started up the stairs, squeezing her legs together as her pee threatened to come out. Reaching the top of the steps, Kelly grabbed her crotch as she hobbled into her bedroom. She struggled to pull her backpack off, unable to remove her hand from her crotch or stand still due to her need to pee. Prancing around with her hand in her crotch, Kelly finally got the backpack loose and hobbled to the bathroom with her knees squeezed tightly together.

Reaching the toilet, she pranced and danced and wriggled around as she tried to pull her jeans down without letting go of her crotch. Finally getting her pants and panties down, Kelly frantically plopped her bum onto the toilet seat, just as a torrent of pee gushed out into the bowl. Kelly sat there breathing hard, realizing how good it felt to finally pee. The torrent of pee finally slowed to a trickle and stopped. Kelly smiled as she realized why the older girl had liked holding her pee. It did feel real good to try to hold it! She knew she would have to try more of these holding games from now on!

