My Lide as a teenage bedwetter

Aurhos: SashaButters

*004*2015-09-03 19:51

When I woke up the next day I was shaking all over and felt like I had just got run over. I made an effort to lift my head up and see what time it was. 1pm.

I don’t think my mom noticed my little accident, or any of the others from these past two weeks.

I look around to make sure she’s not around. I grab one of my blankets and keep it tightly around my waist and wobble over to the door, close and lock it.

Thankfully I’ve been keeping towels under my sheets, so my mattress was okay. I grab the dirty sheets and stuff them under my bed, with some of the others. This is getting embarrassing. No, embarrassing would be just once, but after the fifth or sixth time, it’s just sick and wrong.

I change into some sweat pants, throw the rest of the evidence with the others, grab the air freshener and spray around the room. I’ve almost used a whole bottle in two weeks. Believe me I never normally have this problem. It’s only been happening when I have these nightmares.

Thankfully no one has figured it out yet, although I’m sure my moms wondering why all of the sheets are disappearing.

Okay, so I lied…a little. I do have something to hide under my bed. About half the households bedding , that’s what.

As soon as I feel better I swear I’ll do some laundry. I better do some soon; I’m running out of places to stash the evidence. Great I say to myself as I open the door and crawl back into bed. My life as a 15 year old bed wetter.

As soon as my head hits the pillow I instantly fall back asleep.

When I awake again, my mom is in to check up on me. She says I’ve been asleep all day, and that it’s already 5PM.

She takes my temperature again, it’s down to 102.4 but it’s still high. She feels my skin and tells me I’m dehydrated. Hmm, I wonder why… I feel a little bit better and am able to sit up without getting as dizzy.

For the first time I think about what I dreamed the night before. It sends chills up my back. It was so real. I pictured Allison lying on the ground, and the look on her face, I couldn’t get her face out of my head.

I remember her being asked a question, but I can’t remember. I begin to feel tired again and I lay my head back down on the pillow.

The words suddenly made sense and the question fully formed in my head.

“Do you believe in God?” was the question and Allison said yes. I passed out again. I finally had a dreamless, peaceful, dry nights sleep.

I wake to my mother calling my name again. She’s leaning over me with a cold wet wash cloth, which she places on my throbbing face. My temperature has risen again to 104.8 Fahrenheit and I feel like I’m on fire.

“I called your dad; he is coming to take you to the hospital.” She says. Whoa, I must really look like crap. She refuses to talk to my dad; I’m always the one who has to talk to him.

All I know is that I feel like crap. I’m shaking hard, and my head is throbbing. I have no idea what in the world is going on, but I don’t really care right now. I just want to go back to sleep.

Next thing I know, my dad’s in the room. He takes one look at me and jumps back. Once he gets over at how bad I look, he comes over and asks how I’m doing. I really can’t talk; I can’t even lift my head off my pillow without the room starting to spin. I grunt to let him know that I’m alive.

“What’s her temperature?” He asks my mom.

“It was a high 104 an hour ago, let me take it again.” She says as she sticks the cold thermometer in my ear. 105.3

My mom starts to pace, while my dad waves his hand through his hair, or what’s left of it anyway.

“Can you get up?” my mom asks me. I fight to get my head off my pillow, but instantly let it fall back as everything spins. I shake my head.

My dad comes up and in one motion picks me and my sheets up. There glued to my body with sweat. Thankfully that’s all.

My head rolls over onto his shoulder as he carries me down the stairs and lays me back down in the back seat of his car; my mom watching nervously behind us. They both pile into the front seats.

I notice all the sweat on my dads’ shirt from where my head had been. He’s probably grossed out, and never plans to wear that shirt again.

It was weird seeing both of my parents together in the same car, let alone sitting next to each other. It was the quietest car ride I’ve ever been in.

By the time we got to the hospital I was completely passed out in the back seat. They must have carried me in there because the next thing I remember is them trying to sit me up in a chair. Being that I wasn’t all there, I instantly start falling forward out of the chair. My mom runs up and pushes me back in and holds me there. I don’t think my dad has any interest in touching me anymore, so he sits down and lets my mom do it. At this point I don’t thing I’ve ever felt worse then I do right now. I start to drift back to sleep as I listen to the clock tick.

I let my head rest on the chair next to me as I gaze over at the other people in the room. A nine year old boy holding an ice pack to his foot, probably from soccer practice or something, and a big boned lady which I could only assume was his soccer mom in the seat next to him yapping away on her cell phone. I didn’t really care to hear anymore of her conversation about what the girl at the office called her yesterday to whoever had the displeasure of being on the other end of the phone, so I rolled over and faced the other way, didn’t really like that either, so I finally settled for facing the receptionist before falling back asleep.

My mom leaves to go talk to the lady at the front desk. Sometime later, my name is called by one of the nurses. My dad picks me up again and follows the nurse into one of the rooms where he lays me down on the table. My mom comes in shortly after and sits in a chair.

The lady we followed starts digging through the drawers and pulls out a thermometer. She sticks it in my mouth and it digs in under my tongue.

I really hate those tongue ones. Not only do they poke you for a full thirty seconds of discomfort, Alex has also scarred me for life with those.

When I was about the age of seven or eight, I caught the flu that was going around. Alex, being the evil older brother he is, thought it would be funny to tease me while I was sick. After having rummaged through the drawer for the thermometer and sticking it in my mouth, he pleasantly walked in and started laughing. Me not knowing any better, threatened to hit him if he didn’t tell me what he thought was so funny. He then happily informed me that that I just stuck the rectal thermometer my mouth. Me being old enough to know what a rectal thermometer was, but young enough not to know any better started freaking out, until my mom came in and reassured me that it really was the tongue one. Ever since then I have despised anything that took my temperature that wasn’t inserted in the ear.

Oh I got him back though, for the next couple days, whenever he put his drink on the counter I would take a swig while he wasn’t looking. Yeah, he got the flu right along with me. Hehe, chemical warfare.

Thankful for when it finally beeps, she takes it out and looks at it, then writes something down on her clip board.

She leaves saying that the doctor will see me shortly. I know better then to believe her, it’s the emergency room, and nothing’s a short wait. Well for me it was, I fell asleep, and instantly saw the doctor come in and try to wake me up. Why can’t you people let me sleep?

He tells me I can sleep all I want when I get home, but for now he needs me awake.

“Can you sit up?” he asks. “I need to feel your glands.” I sit up with difficulty and wait for the spinning to stop. I cling tightly to the sheet wrapped around me for support. His hands feel like ice as he feels around my throat.

He reads the chart he brought in with him and informs my parents that I have a 105.4 fever and swollen lymph glands, whatever those are.

“It’s a viral infection, and there’s nothing we can really do for it. You just have to wait for it to pass as miserable as it might seem, although we do need to do something about the fever.”

I lie back down and let them talk not really caring about what’s going on until one word catches my ear. Shot.

This really isn’t my day, first this and now he wants to stick me with a needle. I hate needles!

“Okay, it’s just a little shot.” I tell myself, until he comes back with it, and I see the size of it. That is, was, and will ever be the biggest needle I ever have, or will ever see.

I give a quick glare toward my parents as he approaches me with an alcohol soaked cotton ball. If I wasn’t so sick, every nurse in a ten mile radius would be holding me down right now. I guess having a 105 fever takes the fight out of people, because nothing but that could get me to agree to them sticking THAT into my arm…at least I hope that’s where he’s planning on putting it.

“It’ll only hurt for a second.” He tells me.

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I’m back in my bed, and my mom is bringing me some Advil. No, not for my fever, it’s for my ass.

Why are all doctors such liars?

My right buttcheek is painfully throbbing and is slightly swollen. Not to mention the purple and green 2 inch bruise all around the puncture wound and to top it all off, I didn’t even get a sucker. Last time I got a shot I got one, although I was also only seven. I guess you’re disqualified after you're ten or something.

At least my fever broke. I have never sweat so much in my life, must have lost at least five pounds; half of it being on my dad from having to carry me around.

He left a half hour ago claiming he was in desperate need of a shower. Oops...

Good news is I’m not contagious so Al is coming over to visit me. For the first time in two days, I’ve finally gotten out of bed.

After I took some more medicine I convinced my mom that I felt much better and that she doesn’t have to stay home with me.She’s thankfully out at the grocery store, which gives me a chance to do some laundry.

I went into my moms’ room, grabbed the hamper, and went through all the stuff under my bed, the stuff I didn’t tell you about.

Making sure Alex didn’t sneak in first, I check around the house and in his room. He’s not there. My mom probably told him I was sick, so he’s probably going to avoid me like the plague.I don’t mind this due to the fact that when we were little whenever I was sick, he would read to me out loud from the TV and microwave manuals to make me “feel better”. For this reason and this reason alone, I would never, ever pretend to be sick.

I grabbed the laundry basket and snuck down to the basement to wash them. Being that I have no clue on earth how to do this, it took me longer then I thought. I have learned this though. Don’t mix red pajamas with white sheets. White sheets no more. Oh well, I think they look better pink anyway.

I managed to get all the clothes back in my room, and the sheets back under my bed. My mom won’t be too happy when she realizes I turned a bunch of our sheets pink.

The door bell rings and there is Allison with homework for me… great.

“Hey, heard you were really sick?” she says, staying at least three feet away from me.

“Oh, yeah, I had a 105 fever.” I say, taking a step closer.

“Ouch. You’re okay now though right?” she takes a step closer to the door.

“Yeah I’m better, but I now passionately hate doctors. Look what he did to my ass! “ I say pretending to bend over while Allison probably begins wondering why she's even friends with me. "Oh well, least I’m not sick anymore. Let’s go up to my room.” I say, motioning with my arm up to the stairs.

“Oh, great. Germ land.” She says sarcastically.

“You’ll live. Don’t worry I washed all my bedding.”

“Sure you did.” I pulled one of the pink sheets out from under my bed to show her which quickly convinced her.

“Okay, I believe you. Only you could do something like that. Wait... Why did you do that?”

“What do you mean?” I ask as I watch her hesitantly walk in.

“Why would you do your own laundry? You never do it, AND after being sick.” She looks at me suspiciously. “What are you trying to cover up?”

“Nothing. I’m not hiding anything.” I get those chills. That kind where you're hiding something and just got caught kind.

“Sure. Did you spill some of that food are you’re always sneaking up?” She says sarcastically. I give her the look. The drop it look. “Oh. Right, that. I get really embarrassed when I get blood on my sheets too.”

Yes! She thinks it’s that, close call. I wait a few seconds for the color to come back to my face before answering.

“Yeah, I hate those surprises.” I say. “So did I miss anything at school?”

“Not really. Jamie says he missed you at math. He stopped by at our table at lunch for a couple minutes. Him and those other guys he always hangs out with, the one with the glasses and cow licked hair, and the really small one, the one they call ant.”

“Oh, Anthony. Yeah, they’re pretty weird." If you can believe it, even weirder than us. Jamie was one of my guy friends, well okay, my only guy friend. The only guy that isn’t afraid I’d kick him in the balls or something. We’ve been friends since 6th grade. I’ve secretly had a crush on him for half that time, but being that he is male, he is oblivious to this.

“Hey! Maybe one of them gave you the locker present.” I say pushing the power button on the computer with my toes.

“So are you excited about the weekend?” Al says, ignoring my question.

Excited? I was dreading it. Two nights in a cabin full of other people sleeping on bunk beds. If I had another nightmare while I was there… I couldn’t even think of what would happen, if that happened. Maybe I can just ask my Biology teacher tomorrow if I can be excused from going. I can always just say I’m still not feeling well.

“Can’t wait.” I mumble back as I plop down on my bed after checking my e-mail, which, of course, was pointless. “I had a scary dream about you the other night.”

“Oh, about what?”

“Well, I was at school, and I was going over to your locker. For some reason I was really scared. Well anyway, I go over to your locker to find you, but there was a guy standing next to you pointing a gun at your head. I have no idea if he worked at our school, was some random parent, or what. He asks you a question, but I couldn’t figure out it at first. You answer “yes” and he kills you. It seemed so real and it was so gory. Like something out of one of the twenty-five Halloween movies.”

“That’s creepy. Why do I have to be the one to die in your dreams? Why isn’t Jaclyn getting her brains blown out with me?”

“Because you’re the one who believes in God.”

“What?” she asks sitting up.

“The question he asked you was if you believe in God, and you said yes.” I say up to the ceiling.

“Oh, wow. What else happened?”

“After that is when I woke up sick. I felt like I was falling and I woke up with my mom looking at me like I was half- crazy. She said I was yelling in my sleep.”

“Yeah, you do talk a lot in your sleep.” I just wish that was the only thing I did in my sleep nowadays.

“The weird part is that isn’t the first time I’ve had that dream. I’ve had it three other times already, and every time I have it there’s a little bit more happening.”

“That’s freaky, so how’s about keeping me alive in your dreams?” she says, getting up and browsing through my overflowing book case.

“Ha, yeah I wish I could.” Really, she has no idea how much I wish I could.

“What happened last time you had the dream?” she asks while picking one of the many books off the floor and reading the back cover.

“Well the same thing except, I hadn’t gotten to you yet, the last thing I remember in the other one was I turned the corner and saw something. I couldn’t remember what I saw when I woke up. I’m guessing it was you that I saw.” I say, still having a staring contest with the ceiling.

“Interesting…” I look over to see what she’s talking about, me or the book, which happened to be quite a weird one. The book I mean, not me, although sometimes I too can be a weird one.

“Hey Al?”

“Yeah, what’s up?” she asks, looking up from my mini library of teen fiction.

“You wouldn’t really say yes would you?” There was a long pause. “Al?” I look up at her; she seems to be lost in thought. I lay back down and waited for an answer.

“Yeah, I would.” A million thoughts go through my head, and so do a million words to call her. I keep them to myself; she’s my best friend, if she wants to believe in it, then fine. I just wish she wouldn’t be willing to throw her life out for it. I settle for a simple explanation.

“Why would you say yes?” I ask, tearing my eyes away from the ceiling.

“Because I do believe in God.” She says, attempting to find somewhere to put the book in her hands away, but then just settles for the floor with everything else.

“Well yes, I know you do, but why are you willing to throw your life away for it? It’s just a religion.”

“I’m not religious. I believe in God, that He sent His son to die for me and that He rose on the third day. That’s it.” That's what Al said, but all I heard was "Wah Wah Wah Wah, Blah Blah Blah" Like one of those teachers off Charlie Brown. When Al starts getting preachy, ANYTHING is more interesting to me than listening to her.

“Sounds like a religion to me.” It was weird to see Allison serious about something. Usually the best way to describe her is A.D.H.D on steroids. She is the most energetic person I have ever met and probably will ever meet. To see her stand there and be serious for a change was starting to freak me out. “Let’s get something to eat, I’m starving.” I say In an attempt to change the subject.

