The Temple of Gold: A Swashbuckling Pirate Story

Author: bes31

*000*2014-01-26 03:41

Idea I have had for a while, I will try to update it once every week. It tells the story of a pair of female pirates trying to discover a secret treasure, the illustrious pit of gold. Now of course their are other subplots, but you can guess those.

Chapter 1: Prisoner

"This was not how I expected to meet The Misty Mary Ogden, I expected some massive fleet and pounds of gold..." A young lady in tattered brown hair stood at the door of the cage, holding a sparkling key in her hand. Her brown trousers and dirty white dress shirt worn through many of battles. The ladies name was Catherine Harris, though she almost always went by Cat. She carried a long rapier from her right pocket.

The lady who she was speaking to, Misty Mary Ogden was asleep on the floor. Her face was bloodied, her white dress was ruined through soot, dirt and blood. Mary, who was almost always carrying her rapier with her was unarmed. She gently opened her eyes, they were tired and bloodshot. That said, she had enough energy to lightly say "Curse you." in a raspy and tired voice.

Mary looked up, her neck was tight and sore from her uncomfortable sleeping position that she had spent the night in. She did not recognize the lady, who still watched in awe at Mary. This was for good reason, Misty Mary Ogden was no doubt the most successful and infamous female pirate on this side of the Atlantic. "Are you unlocking me or taunting me, make your decision dame."

Cat smiled at the point. "Most of your crew is alive, your boat is mostly destroyed but could sail you to Havana from here for repairs if you tend the water carefully."

"Why are you freeing me?" Mary asked bluntly and directly. She shook her legs, still locked in shackles. She began to feel a pressure create inside herself. She was going to need the privy soon.

"What am I to say, you are a hero to female pirates like myself. The whole crew is asleep and I was put on guard duty so I decided to rescue you."

"What do you want?"

"To sail with you, I want to sail with you."

"I'll reason with you, but unshackle me."

"I shall." Cat took the glistening key and put it in the holes on the locks. The shackles free themselves and Mary gave a sound of relief. She shook her legs out of their sleeping position and attempted to stand up. The weight of standing up put more pressure on her bladder. Mary bent down, her legs twitching from the full bladder.

"Curse me. Maybe to much rum before the fight. I must get to a privy soon." Mary spoke, Cat nodded.

"I'll get you there soon, lady." Cat spoke quietly to the other young lady. Though the scars and dirt along her face, Mary face still sparkled, her eyes gleamed. "My name is Cat Harris."

"Cat?"

"Short for Catherine."

"Good. Don't ever call me lady again." Mary stood up fully, adjusting herself, trying to forget about her full bladder. "My pistol?" Cat pulled a shining gun out of her back pocket. Mary acceptingly took the shooter. She clocked up the pistol to the way she likes.

The boat shook a bit, a rough wave. Mary almost fell over from her unbalanced holding position. It took a few seconds, but she adjusted back into a standing position.

"Your crew is locked in one large holding cell, just a few meters from here."

"Yes let's go immediately." Mary and Cat ran to the other cell. Around 30 or so dirty men were in there, most large, uneven, dirty and tired. Mary looked at the group. "They survived well, a few causalities."

"Yes." Mary adjusted her dress once again. "May I ask you a question?"

"Yes."

"Why are you wearing a dress?" Mary looked down at the tarnished dress.

"Didn't expect a fight today, and I am not trying to hide my gender. But I guess that made me the fool." Mary and Cat stood quietly. "Please open the door Catherine, I'm not holding very well." Cat followed the directions.

The door opened, and the long lines of tired pirates looked at their leader. The group cheered, their voices creating a harmony for their captain Mary Ogden.

Mary disregarded the cheer, viewing the praise as forcing forgiveness for the half-ass'd effort that the crew did. Cat was amazed by the love for Mary.

"Please Kinsmen." Mary spoke and the crew got quiet. "Kinsmen, we will take our ship back. We have been gifted a rogue in the name of Catherine Harris." Mary pointed to Cat, who got more cheers. "We will siege our ship, which is currently being tailed from the back of the ship. I want the crew, to amend for our defeat, to murder any men on the deck of the ship, Cat and I will..." Mary stopped. She leaned over, her body trembling. She never remembered needing to pee this bad before, she slowly regained composure. Under her dress, her legs were viciously crossed. She slowly continued. "Trail behind you."

"My lady!" A voice from the back spoke up. "Quartermaster Boils was killed in action."

"Eh. He was a bloody sot." Mary spoke, with empathy. Mary then turned to Cat. "How are you at navigation."

"I am efficient."

"Good enough." Mary turned back to the crowd. "Catherine, for her brave job will be admitted to be the new quartermaster. Now LET'S TAKE BACK OUR SHIP!" The crew ran from the crowd and incited war against the other ship.

"Mary, are you ready to trail?" Cat spoke, her voice didn't resonate with Mary.

"Just a second." Mary sat down on the ground, her hands clutched on her bladder. "Trail, I'll follow."

"Lady, I am not leaving your side, you could get captured." Cat spoke to Mary. Mary was visibly shaking, her vagina screamed in agony. What was happening to her.

"Catherine! You need to go, please!"

"Why do you want to be alone."

"I Don't need to tell you shit Catherine." Mary began to realize she was about to lose it. Her lower body.

"Why?"

"I'm am about to piss myself, now leave!" Cat listened to her and carried on. When Cat got on the deck, Mary unrolled her stocking and her underwear and stood up. There wasn't much different to what she was doing now and the normal toilet on these ships. The only real difference was one went into the ocean and one went on the ground. Mary still felt uncomfortable, but she began to piss all over the dark wood.

Meanwhile Cat felt deep fear for Mary, alone, being captured, though she was the only person guarding the prisoners that night. The other thing was her distinct interest in Mary, she never could truly understand it. But ever since she first heard about a lady pirate, commanding a fleet on the open seas. She wanted to fuck her, Cat had always been lesbian and always hid it very well. But now with the meeting of her hero, the feelings were coming back.

Somehow, Cat decided to walk back down the stairs.

"Mary!" She yelled. Mary began to freak out, she was naked, her dress lifted above her hip. Unrolled stocking and underwear. She saw the silhouette of Cat coming down the stairs. Mary decided to let go her dress. She thanked God she decided to wear a dress, that was, until she saw a wet patch appear on her dress.

"What now Catherine."

"I heard screaming." Mary knew she heard her cries of pleasure from releasing the pent up urine inside of her.

"That was me darling. I'm ready to go." The piss finally ended, longer than any she remembered. Cat was disappointed though, she imagined Mary naked, squatting and wetting on the floor. That said, she could see the wet spot appear on her dress. She decided to ignore it.

Mary and Cat walked over the cleared deck to her boat. A few members of the crew unhooked the boat to the original.

Mary and Cat took the head and looked over the crew. "We sail to Havana for repairs. Take positions. Cat and Mary walked to the end of the deck. Where the two met with one of the lesser members of the crew.

"Hello, Ms. Ogden." The skinny man with horrid teeth began to laugh. "I...hahahah..."

"What are you laughing at Mr. Dubis?"

"Nothing.... oh Nothing.... Just." He broke out laughing again. "You got a little leak." He kept laughing. Until he stopped, when Mary took a pistol and shot his brains out.

"You wonder how I get respect, it ain't natural charm Catherine." Catherine kept that noted.

