One Piece - The Last Fruit

Author: Corrina

*000*2011-02-19 03:08

Prologue

Five Hundreds years past as the pirate era ended, now a new world was create... Our world, the Age of Technology. As legends past down, mysterious fruits gave people mysterious powers, but all the ancient scripts foretold this event and that all the fruits would be destroyed. Only one last fruit reminds on the face of this planet, an ancient fruit that can be in any shape like a apple or pear, anywhere like at the bottom of the pacific ocean and also it could be already eaten.

Chapter 1:The Inevitable Discovery

"Akina, hurry up and wake up' shouted Mum, "You're gonna be late for school again"

My eyes slowly opened as the beams of light shined into my pale blue eyes, and my shiny black hair glistered the room. Whimpering out of my bed, I slowly realized what time it is, I quickly undressed out of my pajamas and put on my school skirt and a white button up top. I pulled up my glowing white socks and started to run down the marble stair case. I sculled down the glass of milk which was at the dinning table at the same time I took my bag with the other hand which was already packed last night, my arm felt like it was torn off as the weight of the bag hit my body.

*BEEP BEEP* the car honked as my mum started to get inpatient with me.

I belted to the garage, open the passenger door and buckled my seatbelt on. Suddenly I felt this small pain in my bladder as I forgot to go to the bathroom, but it didn't matter much and started to straighten my hair which my small hands and sharp nails which was messed up from the nights sleep. All of the sudden I jerked back onto my seat as the car speed forward, sharp turns made me swing the opposite direction and almost hit my head on the shining window. Mum started to drive extremely fast, I mean extremely, the tires started to screech when turning and especially braking, driving over the speed limit and almost driving past a red light. After the long torture of g-forces, We finally reached school, With only a minute to spare. I quickly ran to my starting class which is also the same room as my homeroom, I quickly sat at my usual table and looked up at the teacher. I froze in fear, my mind turned blank, I rubbed my eyes to see if its a dream... but it wasn't.

This teacher is the worst teacher ever, his name is Mr Unko and he never lets anyone go to the bathroom, talk out of turn, look away or even get distracted. My plan failed before it commenced, I was gonna ask the teacher permission to go to the bathroom but now... "It'll never work" I thought to myself, "but I got to try later in this mentor session". The session started off ok, for the 1st thirty minutes of this 1 hour period I'm hanging pretty good. I looked at the clock, again and thought 'I'm not gonna last the whole session', immediately I put my hand up.

"Sir?"

"yes, Akina" he said in a deep tone

"May I go to the bathroom please?"

"NO, you know the rules"

"but..."

"NO BUTS!" he demanded.

I began to feel a bit awkward, when a small filling up sensation started to appear. I started to shift my legs and squeeze my legs together, and crossing them but changing them every few moments. Now small annoying droplets started to hit my bladder, like someone poking on my stomach trying to make me wet myself. I looked at the clock, it was 10:45, fifteen minutes left. I started to fiddle more and more and my desperation grew and grew, I shifted my left leg up and crossed my legs, then put my right leg up. I did this for what seemed like ten minutes or so to me, looked up at the clock and saw, 10:47. I started to Stare at the second hand ticking in disbelief, for that second I focused on the second hand, I forgot about my bladder and relaxed.Bad move... Shoving my both my hands into my skirt, I managed to hold it. Well most of it, just a small amount came out, not enough to soak through my panther pink panties.

"crap" I said under my voice, just soft enough so the boy next to me couldn't hear.

I looked down at my skirt, sighed and thought 'I don't think i can hold it much longer'. I stood up, without asking the teacher this time, instantly...

"What are you doing, sit back DOWN!" he roared

I ignored him and mouthed a curse at him, I pushed my chair out of the way and started to dash to the door. Luckily I sat near the front and on the right side, which was the side the door was. I can feel it, trying to escape me, I started to bow to stop the pressure but it wasn't much help. I palmed the door open while my other hand was shoved inside my skirt, ran to the closes cubicle. "NO...noo" I thought inside my head as small squirts came out, while I closed the cubicle door. I quickly pulled up my skirt, suddenly another squirt came out. I ripped down my underwear and just relaxed, as large quantity of wobbly pee which splashed into he toilet water. I after the long relaxing let out, I just sat there in quiet, huffing as I almost wet myself... I looked down at my undies and sighed, and grinned at bit. Looking at my panties and sighed while looking a the medium size wet spot, was about the size of my small hand.

"hopefully, no one can see it under my skirt" I quietly said.

I slowly and quietly started to walk back, a bit embarrassed as I started to think about what just happened. "Also that running out of the class without the teachers permission and everyone looking, but I had to go, if I didn't who knows what would've happened" I thought to myself. I took one step into the class, unexpectedly the bell rang and a relief feeling chilled my spine. I went back to my desk and started to pack up, everyone already started to leave except my friends who were kind enough to wait for me.

Quickly shoving my equipment and books into my bag, I ran to my friends which were waiting just outside the door. While were walking I put my hand into the front compartment of the bag, where there was food. I took out a shiny green pear, but something seemed out of the ordinary as I bit into it...

*002*2011-06-14 13:02

Chapter 2: Revelations of Omo Omo Fruit

The juices of the ripe pear rippled into my mouth, as my teeth shredded through the flesh of the fruit. Small tingling sensations shivered down my spine as the flavourless juices swirled around my tongue. I took one more additional bit to justify the taste, but the only response my body could react to was the unpleasing cold flesh and the oblivious shivering and shaking of my body. I took another large mouthful of the pear; unfortunately this part was the juiciest part and sprayed water diluted, golden liquid everywhere. The sweet juices flowed into my mouth, under my tongue and between my teeth. I twitched my mouth as I rolled my tongue around the meat, melting the flesh of the pear.

I came to realize that the flavours are hidden deep within the mysterious pear; the flavours were lurking in small air pockets inside the fruit which would only come out when the flesh is melted. I began to eat the fruit normally, but I found something rather strange and odd, different to other fruits. The taste of the fruit was different from the usual flavour; the texture of the fruit was smoother and could melt sweetly and gently inside your mouth while blooming with flavours. I became to realize that one particular flavour kept reoccurring; I couldn’t taste it properly as it only had a small hint but I could smell it perfectly. Ammonia…

As I slowly finished the unique pear, I quickly started to feel discomfort around my whole body. My head started to spin rapidly, and my heart started to cry in pain as it pounced around inside my body. I inhaled deep breathes into my limited lungs and to ease the angry adrenaline. My vivid vision began to furiously fade and my friends disappearing into darkness, the sound of my unstoppable heartbeat began to flow into my ears… My vision completely depleted into nothing more that darkness. I urged my body to gasp for air, but nothing filled my lungs as they expanded. My body fell motionless as I fainted into despair.

*Friends carries me to the infirmary, and lies me down on one of the single beds in the infirmary*

*time flies, Midday*

I begin to regain conscious and started to ease my breathing and relaxed my whole body as it ached and silently cried in pain. I slowly open my eyes; beams of fluorescent light shined its way into my eyes. I quickly closed my eyes with my reflexes as it blinded me; once again I slowly open my eyes, clear vibrant light absorbed into my eyes as I got used to the light. I stared off into the white ceiling above me as calm gust of winds flew into the room creating a peaceful atmosphere.

“ohh, awake are we?” implied Nurse Aoi.

“Just now…” I answered.

“It’s Ok. How are you feeling? Do you have any nausea, tiredness or migraine?” she asked in a curious manner.

“I’m fine. Just my….” I hesitated as my body froze and my blood boiled, I quickly came to realize I have a small urge around my stomach. Sweat started forming in the palm of my hands as they shook furiously; vibrating up and down as I became nervous. The Nurse intensely took my hand, as she was curious of what’s happening and my condition as I’m burning up. As she grabbed my hand, an immense static shock stunned her. I felt strange; the shock dispersed all over my body and disappeared. I can’t feel any pain or tiredness within my body; I was relieved of everything, even the urge to go to the bathroom.

Then I realized the atmosphere in the infirmary changed. Nurse Aoi starting to fluster up, her eyes began to glister up as they moistened. Not long after, her face became red as she blushed and small drops of sweat became visible.

“Ahh, I’m sorry. Something urgent has come up” she pleaded in a nervous voice.

“oh… I’m fine with that” I replied.

Suddenly her hands plunged into her white nursing coat and her tight black jeans; I stared at her as she squirmed. She squeezed her thighs together and rubber her legs against each other as the pressure in her bladder started to rise. She slowly walked over to the hall way outside the room; keeping her legs tight together, leaning and holding the wall for support.

I swiftly got out of the soft single bed as I was inquisitive of the situation and the outcome. I quietly paced behind the Nurse as we walked down the hall way. Unexpectedly she stopped and tightened her legs even more. She stood there frozen and still like a statue, then buckled her knees and adjusted her body weight. She turned her head to the left and stared at the monstrous and painful staircase of dominance. The last obstacle to the private staff toilets, she slowly lifted her right foot and placed it on the first step. She froze and hesitated; I stood still and gazed as the desperate nurse, my heart was thumping with anticipation.

The Staff toilets were so close yet so far for her; one small step for her is a giant leap. Gasping for air, she slowly made her way up the half way step of the staircase. There now isn’t much distance left to the toilets, it’s up the stairs and two classrooms down the corridor. She looked down the staircase to the level I’m on and froze; she saw me staring at her, panic arose from her, she struggled to keep her grip.

“No! Don’t look at me, please.” she cried out in embarrassment, tears and sweat gradually became visible.

“Sensei, don’t worry. I can help you” I insisted.

She gave me this awkward look, like she was confused, but angrily embarrassed. I started to walk up to her, but suddenly.

“SSsshit, this is…” She squirmed in desperation; she grabbed and squeezed her jeans tighter as she was almost losing it.

There isn’t much time left I began to think as I walked up the steps effortlessly compared to her. She took control in herself and once again started to walk up the second steps. The nurse slowly ascended the staircase, choking the railing like a stress ball with her left hand and the other firmly placed in between her legs. I quickly climbed up to her and put my arms around her back, I slowly helped her up the stairs and to the bathroom. We made it to the toilets; I stopped beside the door and left her to open it. I abruptly became aware she couldn’t open the door.

“C-Can you O-Open, please?” she said using the last of her energy.

Suddenly she started to moan and squirm, her knees buckled down together and her face rapidly became flushed. Her hands wedged deep within, but…

To be continued...

*005*2011-06-15 00:43

I would like to create more chapters faster but my life is really busy. I'll try to do the chapter as fast as I can, which is probably fortnightly or more. I need to do academic studies 1st instead of this :(

*006*2011-06-25 07:31

Chapter 3: Realization of the Unknown

A slight amount of urine seeps out through her tight lingerie; absorbed into the tensed jeans and moisturized her hands. My eyes sparkled with anxiety as my body felt aroused; I began to realize the small wet spot around her hands to grow. I stared off and hesitated as I started to turn the knob of the teacher's toilet.

“Tha-thanks,” Aoi quietly praised me while walking into the toilet.

I willingly followed her footsteps into the bathroom; I saw her running and squirming then disappear behind the tiled wall.

*Kachink* (sound of the lock)

My heart clouted as I heard the sound whistled into my ears, I quickly rush to the door and knocked twice. Silenced filled the air…

Suddenly, she begins to squirm. I looked down and saw her moaning, clutching her crotch through the reflection of the clear marble floor. She cautiously took one of her hands out to lift up the toilet lid; unexpectedly her hands began to rapidly tremble with fear. Abruptly she quickly releases the lid and clenched her thighs firmly. Once again she slowly and carefully begins to try to open, but hesitates and stops; with her face filled with disbelief. She began to moan in desperation, struggling to grasp a hold of herself.

The white nursing coat which was clenched between started to become transparent and her jeans vastly became visible. Slowly a stream of pure translucent urine seeps through the darkened jeans and damp coat, escaping for freedom. A river silently started to protest between her tightly bounded thighs. The stream slowly trickles down and absorbed into the darkened jeans. Suddenly the flow splits onto each separate leg and rushes down onto the shiny floor. Her black high heels began to slide and her knees collapsed. Her body slowly gave way and falls into the fluorescent puddle; creating a miniature tsunami. Slowly water rises up the jeans and absorbed into the dry areas. I slowly begin to hear her to sob in despair; crystallized droplets of tears begin to appear on her ridges of her eyes. A small pain hits my chest. I slowly begin to sympathize for her, believing it’s my entire fault.

“If I never got her involved… Or…If I Never fainted,” I thought to myself as I began to feel sorry for Nurse Aoi.

I began to silently slide my shoes over the smooth marbled floor; carefully as possible so that she couldn't hear that I'm here. I twisted and turn the knob of the door and left the teacher's private bathroom. I began to walk down the corridor and down the stairs, back to the infirmary where my bags are in. As I walked into the room the intensified light shine through the glass and pierced my irises, I began to step back as I tried to regain my unclear vision. I went in to the back of the room, the storage area and took my light weight school bag. I decided return home by walking as I could leave school due to my top marks in the grade and a study period, which is called free period because no one really studies at this school.

“I’ll arrive home within half an hour of walking,” I thought to myself as I was planning the rest of the day.

I walked down to the ground floor’s locker area; in the girl’s locker room. I clicked open my locker and took my books out, packing my books so I can go home. Noiselessly, a white envelope fell down in front of my leather school shoes. I looked down, shocked but happily wondering what it is. I turn my head left and right to see if there’s anyone; but there’s no one. I slowly opened the letter and still curious of what’s inside, I unravel the letter and started to read.

‘To Akina,

The first time I saw you was four years ago, in the opening ceremony for first years; in this private co-ed middle and high school. Your gentle black hair, your crimson red eyes attracted me. It was like love at first site except one sided; the pain dwelled deep within me. I wanted to talked to you and introduce myself except I didn’t have enough courage and strength to do so.

As the semester past, I became more attracted to you as you were so popular with your looks and friends, exceptionally smart and physically active. Every time I saw you I couldn’t take my eyes off you, my heart would beat so fast. This made me to try and try again to accomplish my goal of reaching you, but…

Not once did our eyes meet that year. I became more desperate, more evil; in need of attention. Soon I realised I lost all my courage and strength to approach you and gave up.

Second year of middle school I still looked up to you, but I still had no hope of reaching you…

*I turned my head left and right again to check if there’s anyone looking or suspicious, I looked back down and continued reading.*

The third year of middle school, I became the student council leader just for you and wanted you to acknowledge me. This only gave me resent as I had to do extra work, but nothing good occurred to me; not even one good thing.

First year of high school, I became more and more desperate for attention and you. My mind was only fixed on you and nothing else; I felt that nothing else mattered. So I intentionally tried to find out more about you, what you like and dislike. I decided to find out what I can by myself and I finally achieved what I want.

Meet me today at 5pm behind the school boys building, otherwise there’ll be consequences.

P.S I SEE ALL AND KNOW ALL

From An admirer’

I looked at the time on my watch; the hour hand was on the twelve and minute hand was on the six. I swiftly put the weird touching letter into my bag and hurried off home. I arrived home half an hour later, I quickly rush up the stairs and turned on my laptop. I began to research this feeling that I have in my chest, the situation that happened this afternoon and unexpected events.

“Nothing” I sighed under my breath as I browsed through the web.

Suddenly I came across this protected information within a protected site. I began to read the information, which is:

Welcome Akina to Fruits of the world.

Omo Omo fruit

The last uneaten fruit has been finally devoured by Akina in Tokyo, Japan. Thank you and You are one of us now…

To be continued...

*009*2011-07-22 07:29

Chapter 4: Acquisition of the power.

I scrolled through the pages of mystery; confused and frustrated. My hands started to sweat as I read down the page as my frozen eyes gazed among the glowing computer screen. I clicked ‘more details’ and began to read another extraordinary section, the content started to become clearer as I went through. Suddenly in disbelief, I flicked the mouse up to the top right cornet and desperately closed the web browser. I began to recount and remembered that the domain stated that supernatural powers are contained profoundly within the vast universe.

“Phtt... Supernatural powers, magic and those make belief magical fairy land don’t exist.” I laughed to myself, but really deep within me had regret.

I sighed.

Staring into the blank windows desktop, thinking and rethinking my current absurd and unbelievable situation.

“It’s not possible,” I thought quietly to myself. “Something like that, it’s out of this world”

Suddenly I remembered the incident that took place this afternoon. I took out the weird letter from my unknown admirer in my school bag and began to glimpse through the cunning contents. I suddenly paused…

I read that sentence again in my mind to double check; “meet me today at 5pm behind…” I sighed once again as todays like the worst day of my life. Then I looked down further; and read “P.S I SEE ALL AND KNOW ALL”. Suddenly I unintentionally drop the letter in shock as I realized my current situation. I wiped my sweat off my hands on my skirt and placed it back onto the mouse. I glided the cursor to the lower right hand side to check the time; 4:35.

“Shit” I screamed softly in my room. My mind began to wonder in all directions.

“Is the person going to black mail me if I was late?”

“Am I going to be confessed?”

“Am I going to meet another magical like being?”

Countless number of consequences came into my head; I became nervous through deep thinking. My hands started to sweat again, I shook my head left and right to see if it’s a dream; but it wasn’t. I looked at the time again; the clocked silently changed from 4:39 to 4:40. I quickly turned off the computer, fixed up my frizzed up hair from the long walk and placed my work books on the small side desk in my room.

I dashed down the stairs and flung open the front door, I started to slow down and walk down the driveway. I inhaled a deep refreshing breath and jumped onto my bike knowingly that I would be late if I walked. I started to peddle the everyday cheap bike up the bike lane on the side of the main road to my school. Quickly jumped off my bike; letting it roll forward into a row of bike rack, hastily ran to the fore of the bike and locked the tire to the rack. I started to run around the main building to reach the boy’s block.

I looked around, swishing my head left and right to see if anyone that is suspicious is nearby. I nervously put my right leg forward, exposing it around the corner. I slowly reveal my whole body to the admirer. A medium long spiky hair flung over his shoulder as he turned his thin, light and muscular body. The white school short sleeve shirt began to glow in the mist of the afternoon, enhancing the abnormal body of his. He slowly walked towards me, trying to enlighten his first appearance to me. His hand silently lifted, like he was going to embrace me.

I hesitated and stopped.

Fortunately his hand kept rising in the direction of his fringe. He quickly swiped his hair out of his face then shook his head like those models on TV to show off. The mysterious, handsome and strong teenager stopped his tracks. He began to open his mouth.

“H-h-hi, m-m-my n-name is…” he mutters with his shy and embarrassing voice.

My jaw drops in disbelief.

“His appearances and his first image were stunning until this, his probably really stupid.” I silently laughed at him in my thoughts. I began to try not to laugh at him, but I started to show him my inner self as I started to smirk at him.

“Sorry” I said with pity while trying not to laugh.

He pauses as he knows his first impression isn’t as his planned.

He opened his mouth once again, inhaling air into his chest as it began to expand. Then he suddenly stared into my eyes deeply, his emotions became evident from his facial expressions.

“Sorry. I was just warming up just now, I am Takumi Nishijou.” He replied in a more manly and muscular manner.

“Nice to meet you,” I replied awkwardly. “I am Aki…”

“Don’t worry about your name, I already know.” He interrupted my introduction.

“Oh...O-K,” I said as it became silent, the air became thick and the atmosphere started to become dull and colorless.

“W-Well, I like to know if you would L-like to G-go out W-with me?” He quickly questioned me without looking me in the eye.

Suddenly after finishing his sentence, he looked straight into my eyes without fear; trying to hold up his pride and take my answer like a man. I stood still as I took in the stunning information which was totally different to my assumption; which was most likely blackmail. After deep thinking, I looked up to him and said:

“I’m sorry, but…” I tried to answer but,

“W-What? Why? Why?” he cut me off.

“Umm, I-It’s just that… I don’t really know you too well.” I replied, “well, you know we just meet, right?”

His eyes became infuriated with anger and pure hatred. He started to move towards me. Closer and closer he came, he was emitting enormous strength from his body. I froze in fear, sweat became noticeable. My body was petrified from his devilish body image. I started to stumble backwards, my legs shaking rapidly as they move. The sweat formed on my forehead started to fall down my pale cheek. He started moving faster and faster, closer and closer. As I backed up, I suddenly hit an obstacle. I turned my head and looked up, I saw the school boys building wall. I looked back in front. But he was already directly above me, looking down on me. He slammed both his hands on the wall right next to my head.

I nervously looked up and gulped in fear and desperation. I lifted both my hands and lifted my leg up to hinge on the wall. I sprung my leg with all my might and pushed him with my combined power of my arms. Small static shock pricked me as I palmed his ribs. He staggered back, he slowly looked up.

“W-What did y-you do to m-me? I k-know you h-have a secret.” he struggled to say with immense pain. “I-I’ll f-find it o-out s-sooner or l-later!”

To be continued...

