Elizabeth: root beer + procrastination

Author: Guest Whitney Adams

*000*2011-02-12 06:00

I'm bored so I'm just gonna spontaneously make up a story, sorry if it sucks, here goes!:

Elizabeth Taylor was sitting on the couch. She had just finished the last of the rootbeers. She just sat there for a few moments savoring her freedom to be lazy for the first time in a very long time. School was, at last, on break for an entire week. She was tempted to take a nap, but she knew that she really should add rootbeer to the grocery list before she forgot. She contemplated the exersion it would take to get up off the couch for several seconds. Finally she forced herself up, noticing as she did, the slight twinge in her bladder that reminded her of the 3 rootbeers she had drank earlier. She laboriously walked into the kitchen.

She lifted the black marker to add rootbeer to the list, only to find that the board was already crammed full of things she still needed to buy. She groaned. Clearly she had put off going to the store long enough. She locked her dog, Finxy, in the kitchen where she couldn't get into trouble, grabbed her purse, and headed for the door. Her bladder twinged again, but she ignored it. She could always go once she got to the store. She got in the car and drove to the store. She walked in. Now her bladder was starting to protest lightly, as pressure continued to build. She ignored it.

Elizabeth slowly worked her way around the store picking out the things she needed and adding them to the cart. Now she was beginning to really need to pee. She was squirming slightly as she picked out the items she needed. She had always been one to finish the job at hand before moving on to another, so the ideah of going to the bathroom in the middle of shopping apauled her. She picked up a cute looking tshirt and wheighed it in her hands decideing whether it would be worth it to add to her rather full cart.

She decided to put it in her cart. She moved on. Now the urge to go was taking control, and she was having difficulty concentrating on the things she wanted to buy. Finally she decided she couldn't delay much longer and she headed to the bathrooms. She started to walk in to the ladies room when she stoped. A sign on the door said "under maintenance" She quietly swore under her breath and put a hand into her crotch. She would just have to make it home. She hurried up to the check out lines (which were long) and waited getting steadily more desperate.

Finally she payed for her groceries and got them out to the car. She got in and quickly pulled out of the parking lot, and right in to a traffic jam 'Just great' she thought, silently thinking that there must be some divine power that totally hated her. Finally she got out of the heavy traffic and she stepped on the gas, accelerating to over the speed limit. The moment she caught the flashing blue lights in her rear view mirror she knew some devine power had to hater her.

She pulled over and waited for the cop to give her her ticket. She was now beginning to get really desperate and she could tell that her bladder wouldnt last much longer. "Could you hurry up a little? I need to get home" she asked crossing her legs tightly. His only reply was, "Im just doing my job ma'am." Finally he gave her the filled out ticket and warned her to drive safely. She nodded and pulled out into traffic once more. She was making good time on the way home, but she doubted she would make it back home in time. A spurt of pee shout out into her pants as she whent over a bump.

Another spurt shot out putting a large damp spot on her panties. She spead up slightly. A car pulled out in front of her forcing her to slam on the breaks. Another spurt of pee soaked her panties. She quickly felt her crotch. There was a definate damp spot on her jeans now. She could now feel a severe burn in her bladder that told her that she definately wouldn't make it all the way home. Why hadn't she gone before she had left? Finally she pulled into her drive way, only to be faced with a problem. She was certain that if she stood up she would wet her pants. She sat there for a minute holding herself.

Eventually she decided she had to stand up. She slowly eased herself into a standing position, realeasing another spurt of pee, not helping the increasingly obvious damp patch on her jeans. She slowly waddled to the door. Then it happened, when she was half way to the door a spasm rocked her body and a large spurt of pee was released. This time she couldnt stop the stream and it seeped out from between her hands running down the sides of her jeans. A small puddle of pee gathered by her feet. To make matters worse it was then that her boyfriend pulled into the driveway. He stared at her wet jeans. "... uh... bad time?" he asked akwardly. "Yeah" replied Elizabeth going scarlet. "how bout I come back later?" asked her boyfriend. She just nodded to embaraced to speak.

*003*2011-02-13 00:59

Thanks! Sorry, I'm not used to writing things for other people to read. (I have tried to write a few fantasy stories but I always get bored before I can finish them) See any ways I could improve the way I tell it?

*005*2011-02-14 01:53

Yeah, I noticed I was saying she alot but I couldn't help it. I'll do my best to use those suggestions in any future stories I may write, Thanks!

*007*2011-03-01 22:14

Nice! :)

