The disfavored sibling

Author: bes31

*000*2013-10-27 06:23

Another short one, this one has a 16 year old in it, don't murder me please.

"Are you okay sweety?" No, I was not Mom, I don't know if you realized but I have been without a toilet break since early this morning, it is now lunch time and I desperately need to go and it would be real nice if you made some way that I could use the toilet.

"Uh Need Duh Pawtty." I remembered that my parents, like always were talking to my 4 year old sister, or half sister or whatever you call adopted sister Chichi. She was African and was just grasping English for the first time. We had adopted Chi half a year ago and was just starting to accept the weird faces when they see one black face around a bunch of white ones. We were the Tanners. There was my mother Myrtle, my father Alan, my actual sister Clara, my adopted sister Chi, and me Christina, I was 18.

The Tanner's, to finally edge out the new member of our family were experiencing our first trip as a five. We were crammed into an SUV at a gas station, a few hours away from Los Angeles. At LA, we would go to Santa Clara, Hollywood and all other places, as a family of course.

Yet, by the way it had gone so far, I wasn't looking forward to it. We were cramped, very cramped. I was stuck on the left side of the back seats, mom drove, dad was in shotgun, I was on the left, Clara was on the right and Chi was in the middle of us. Spending her drive crying, pooping, sleeping and all other things that keep 4 year old's happy. I was prepared for the weekend, situating myself in a white dress that expanded at the ends, it gently covered my body, Clara, 2 years my younger was in less formal wear, more of a pajama and t-shirt type of gal. Chi, was in what 4 year old's wear.

"There is no potty here, I am sorry sweety." Mom spoke almost patronizing to Chi. It didn't matter, though she was potty trained, she wore diapers. They should have been worried about me.

"No bathroom, at a gas station?" Clara asked, I remembered that she hadn't left the car either. She must have been desperate as well. I felt sweat roll down my inner thigh, I rubbed it a bit. Damn, I had to piss really bad. I felt as if I didn't leave the car soon, I would be screwed.

I got out of the car.

"Where are you going Christina?" Alan asked me, I stopped and turned to him.

"I'm sorry, it is just that I really have to pee dad." He stood still.

"No." He firmly replied. "You can hold it until we get to a rest stop." No, I really couldn't.

"Come on, you got to the last one and you made Clara and I wait at the car so no one steals it." Dad wasn't buying it, he finished the gas and was in the car.

"Come on Christy, you'll have your opportunity soon." I realigned myself back into my seat, I wiggled as I tried to calm my full bladder. I hissed under my breath and bit down on your lips.

"I ned te Peh!" Chi screamed, she had a strong accent for a 4 year old, her voice was almost unrecognizable. I was wiggling so much by this point I was shaking. I quietly tortured myself, my long hands under my white dress. I was so happy that I wore a dress today, if I didn't I wouldn't be able to do this.

"Stop it Christina." Mom spoke. Se looked at me through the mirror. "That's gross."

"Sorry." I quietly spoke. "Could Clara and I just pee on the side of the road."

"No, you will be like ladies and wait." My mother forced me now.

"Cun I be uh lady." Chi spoke. Every word was loud and obnoxious, and it felt like I bursted my ear-drums.

"Yes, just a little longer." I took out my phone and text Clara. Who I didn't want to disrupt. All I put was '1-10.' I sent it, my body boiling in agony. All I wanted to do was to exit this car, find a quiet space and piss the living daylights out of me. But it seems it will have to wait for a very long time. Only 30 minutes or so, I thought I found relief. But my parents put Chichi's needs above mine and forced me to wait in the car.

Beep-beep. Clara had responded, her answer was a 9. I looked at her and put all my fingers in the air. I was squeezing my thighs shut, my father watching the signs so he wouldn't worry that gray seats wouldn't have yellow stains. She cringed, she wasn't looking as desperate as me. Clara had her elbow into her crotch but was patient, looking out of the window, ignoring her bladder.

When we got to the rest stop, my parents discovered that Chi didn't need to pee after all. So they walked back, got into the car and drove away without even hearing Clara and I's pleas for relief. I was very pissed off at my parents right now, and about to be pissed off.

"Cun weh stawp." Chi wouldn't shut up. I wanted to yell at her, but I didn't want to make her cry. She was only four years old.

"Five more minutes." My mother said, she was exasperated and tired of Chi's whining. I didn't care though, I only focused on myself. I wanted to hold myself directly, no skirt or panties but I didn't want to gross anyone out. I pushed down on my skirt with both hands, I rubbed it frequently. My aching bladder burned for relief.

Suddenly, Chi was quiet. Out of nowhere she had fallen asleep. Quiet, for once. And a remembrance that I was more desperate than her.

"Are you sure that we can actually pee at the rest stop?" Clara sassed my parents. Dad was quiet and so was Mom. They didn't respond.

A quiet stood through the air, and then a yell. I looked over to Clara, a dark spot began to appear on her pajamas. She began to scream, holding down her weight but unable to stop the stream. Soon, her entire pants were soaked. My parents began to freak out. We were only one minute away from the rest stop, and toilets. And Clara had completely wet herself.

Dad stopped the car. He slammed on the wheel and turned to Clara. She was crying as the peeing stopped, her lower half was wet. The seat smelled of urine.

"Are you okay."

"I can't believe I just peed myself." She spoke crying. My parents opened up a bag of luggage, looking for a change of clothes for Clara. Meanwhile, I had completely focused myself to holding, my held back the massive urges inside of me. But the car was stop, and I could see the rest stop. Imagine the toilets.

"I'm sorry, but you might forget that she isn't the only one who is desperate." I plead my case, and my parents listened. Before allowing Clara to change they sped the car over to the rest stop where I got out. The rest stop was completely solitary, not one other car. We got to the front.

"Take Chi with you, Go!" I jumped out of the car and took Chi's hand, who was dancing as she woke up. Let's go.

"I ned to peh."

"We all do. Let's go." I started running to the restroom with her, she kept up as I held her hands. She would mumble words as I was too focused on not wetting myself. I danced around, floating up my white dress. I felt myself begin to lose it. Urine dribbled below my dress. I looked at the restrooms, 100 meters away.

I wasn't going to make it.

I stopped in my tracks, looked around at the empty lot. Looked at Chi, and dropped my panties to the ground.

"I can't do this." I spoke to Chi. I had already began to wet myself, my panties were moist and smelly and I squatted. I pissed on the ground. All the weight exiting my system, I felt my body feel relief. I cried in relief, and moaned. I must have pissed for a minute, the ramped up area caused the urine to flow all the way down to the bottom of the relief area.

As I finished my body expel the urine in it, I looked around again and saw Chi. She must have never seen an older person succumb to nature and be like her, just pee like that.

"Di Yoo just have an acsident." She spoke in her heavy accent and lisp. I looked at her and nodded. "Doo ladees have accsidents."

"Yeah, sure, that is what ladies do."

Then I noticed her diaper begin to expand. "I'm uh ladee."

"Chichi, you are going to be the death of me."

