Kunoichi Biographies : Naruto Shippuden

Author: Pain

*000*2015-10-26 13:43

1. Sakura

As a child, Sakura had no unusual ability. A brazen and unashamed girl, she had no qualms about relieving herself outside while on missions. However, once she grew older and graduated from her training with Lady Tsunade, her regular toilet habits changed considerably. Her muscle strength and discipline now allowed her to wait for nearly a full day without emptying her bladder, although she still gets uncomfortable after extended periods on the field.

2. Hinata

Throughout her childhood, Hinata's shyness and introverted personality caused her to always hide her need to pee from her friends and family, and also made her reluctant of using public restrooms. While she was training at the Ninja Academy, she regularly skipped lunch in order to run back home to use the toilet. However, due to the unpredictable nature of her training schedules, she was often unable to do so. This resulted in a few humiliating accidents that somewhere broke her self-confidence and further increased her shy and timid nature. However, regularly holding to her limit increased her capacity over time. As a teenager, after she shed her protective emotional shell and took her place as one of the most powerful kunoichi in the village, she learned to hold beyond her normal limit using her willpower alone. She now has one of the largest and most durable bladders of all.

3. Temari

Being raised alongside Gaara and Kankurō, and regularly engaging in life-threatening skirmishes has forced this beautiful kunoichi to develop muscles and a strong will from an early age. While she cannot hold as much as many others, she still has a large capacity when compared to most shinobi. She often plants her giant fan in the ground as a makeshift Shoji screen when she needs to relieve herself alongside her squad, and is rather unashamed of doing so.

4. Tsunade

The Fifth Hokage undoubtedly has one of the largest bladders in the entire shinobi world. While fighting against Amegakure-nin during the Second Shinobi World War, she managed to hold her bladder for two consecutive days. A feat that is clearly impossible for any normal human being. Her habit of drinking alcohol has only pushed her holding abilities even further. She is known to drink copious amounts of Sake in a single sitting and abstain from using the toilets for long periods of time thereafter. The only people to ever witness the legendary kunoichi relieve herself are Sakura and Shizune, both of whom were amazed at the sheer quantity of pee that she had produced.

5. Karin

For an ordinary kunoichi her like, it may seem uncharacteristic that she is able to hold as much as she does. However, in her long travels as a part of Team Taka, she has been forced to wait till the very last moment on several occasions, resulting in some pretty close calls. Unwilling to let the guys know about her need to pee, Karin has taken her bladder capacity to the extremes, all while keeping a straight face.

6. Samui

She is habitual to putting off her need to pee for considerable periods of time. Being a dedicated kunoichi, she always prioritizes her work over her own needs. Hence she is often walking around the village with an urgent need to urinate.

7. Shizune

Apprentice of the uncaring and insensitive Lady Tsunade, she often had no choice but to hold herself while in the Fifth Hokage’s presence. When she first joined Tsunade, she was regularly brought to her limits, leaking into her robe and even fully wetting herself on two separate occasions. As time went on, her bladder strengthened simply from repeatedly filling to its capacity, and she is now able to contain much more than what can be reasonably expected from a kunoichi like her.

8. Mei

An extremely powerful woman on her own merits, her regular capacity outmatches just about anyone else. Her habit of postponing her toilet breaks for too long, has often led her into desperate situations. However, being a grandmaster in Water-Based Jutsu, she has taken it much further with secret techniques of her own invention, that allow both inhuman bladder capacity and even limited relief without anyone knowing.

9. Ino

A cheerful but bossy girl, Ino believed herself to be able to hold much more than most kunoichi her age. However, in reality she often ignores her bladder’s signals until it is nearly too late. This has led her to leak into her leg wraps on several occasions and she has been forced to relieve herself during missions at the worst of times.

10. Tenten

Though she is a willful and tenacious girl, her holding abilities are not extraordinary. The fact that she doesn’t feel shy when it comes to admitting her need to pee to her teammates, only highlights her tomboyish demeanor. Although, her feminine side is revealed from the fact that she tries not to hold herself between the legs when she feels desperate around people.

###

Biograhpy Credits - Bulge_Lover

*003*2015-10-27 16:20

Thank you for the kind words :)

*004*2016-01-07 16:27

(I don't know if anybody would be interested in this, but I'll still just go ahead and post it. I thought of doing these two pictures colored just to break the monotony.)

11. Kushina

Kushina always knew she had a large bladder as she usually pushed herself to the very limit while on missions. Holding her pee till the last minute and then running off behind a bush when the pressure became unbearable.

12. Mikoto

Mikoto once had a sizeable bladder capacity that got widely affected after her multiple pregnancies. She had only found herself desperate to pee on a handful of occasions as she was committed to the idea of using the toilets whenever the need arose.

