Blake OMO

Author: HypnosFan

*000*2024-03-24 20:54

Hey guys! Been a minutes since I last posted on here. Sorry for the extended delay. Things got quite busy for me on the real life side of things. I won't bore you guys with the details but I finally got this story done! It took a while with some bugs to work out but I finally got a sort of working draft going with it so I figured I'd share it here. Maybe in the future I will make this a more interactive experience and see what you guys want to do to guide the story. That might be a ton of fun to do, but I certainly don't have the time to manage it now.

But for now please enjoy!

Blake is sitting in the library, nose deep in a book. As you approach, you notice the bow on her head twitch slightly, and she turns towards you. "Do you need something?" She asks lazily, eyebrows raised.

"Mm, perhaps…I was wondering if you would watch this for me." I smile as I begin to wave my finger back and forth before Blake's eyes with a hypnotic sway

Blake's eyes slowly began to glaze over as she watched the swaying finger and focused solely on it. The room around her seemed to fade, replaced by the warm and relaxing feeling Samantha's finger was providing. Her muscles loosened, and she felt her body grow heavy. Her book fell to the side as she leaned back in her chair, losing all control over her actions.

"Mmm, good." I smile, still swaying my finger back and forth before Blake's eyes "My semblance is as potent as ever. Stand up for me girl." I command her

Obeying your command, Blake's legs stand up on their own, carrying her to her feet with a dreamlike ease. She tilts her head back slightly, eyes still fixed on your finger as it continues to sway, and extends her arms out to the sides for balance. Her expression remains empty, her eyes devoid of emotion as she stands before you like a puppet on strings.

"Mmm, hold an arm up over your head." I command her, lightly tapping her nose with my finger

Without hesitation, Blake lifts her arm up over her head, her hand resting against the bookcase behind her. The gesture feels foreign and strange, but she carries it out without question, her body completely under your control.

"Mmm, perfect." I grin, brushing my hand against the curve of her breast, down across her stomach "Mm, what is your name…tell me now my pet." I command her as I smooth my hand against her breasts

"My name is… Blake Belladonna." Her voice is soft and submissive, her face devoid of emotion as she stands before you like a doll. Your touch on her body sends shivers down her spine, but she doesn't react to it consciously, instead fixating on your every command.

"Mm Blake. What a pretty name for a pretty little thing like yourself." I grin, licking my lips as I lean forward. I run my tongue along the side of her neck and shudder softly "Mmm so nice…lift up your top for me Blake." I command her. "Let me get a look at the merchandise"

"Yes, Samantha." Her voice is soft and submissive as she lifts her hands up to her shirt, slowly pulling it over her head to reveal her bare chest. She remains completely under your control, her breasts jiggling slightly with the motion as they're exposed to the cool library air.

"Mm very good." I smile, grasping her breast within my hand, pressing my palm directly against her nipple as I give it a squeeze. I curl my fingers around the sides of it and moan softly to myself "Mm a perfect new toy I've found…mmm." I purr softly, pressing my body against Blake's as I pin her to the shelve behind her, my knee pressing against her crotch "Mmm Blake…now you are going to listen to me…listen to my voice and do as I command." I tell her dominantly, enforcing my grip over her mind and manipulating her thoughts to my will. "You are going to pee yourself for me right now…let it all flood out of your body and into your pants for me Blake." I tell her as I rub her crotch with my knee

Her mind reeling, Blake feels her bladder growing heavy and uncomfortable as your command takes over. With a lack of control over her bodily functions, she releases her stream into her pants, the warm liquid filling the crotch of her pants and pooling at her feet. Her empty eyes stare straight ahead, unseeing as her bladder relaxes, empty once more.

"Mmm good girl, very very good girl." I smile, shuddering as I feel the warmth spread across her pants, over my knee. I moan as I pull myself into Blake's body, pressing my lips against hers as I moan, my tongue passing her lips as I devour my slave's lips whole.

In her trance-like state, Blake eagerly accepts your kiss, her lips parting to allow your tongue to explore her mouth. As you devour her lips, she remains submissive, her body a puppet to your every whim.

*002*2024-03-30 18:24

{{6 minutes ago, wedgeantilles said:

Wow, that was a hot story, I loved it!

}}

My pleasure to give back to the RWBY-Verse and this was fun to do. I would have gone longer with it but I just wanted to show off the capabilities of this service first!

*004*2024-04-02 15:58

{{On 3/30/2024 at 2:39 PM, wedgeantilles said:

Well, I'll definitly look forward if you write another story or continue this one 🙂

}}

Well I have plans to do more in both fronts, but I need help deciding on a few things

