The After Party (Assassin's Creed X Parasite Eve)

Author: SilverJackal

*000*2013-11-03 21:14

"Hey Dez! You going to the after party?" It was one of my friends.

I sighed. "Nah. I'm a little out of it." I shout back with the solemn response.

I wanted to do something mind numbing. Something more than just the same routine. I wanted to be somewhere where no one knew me for once. I decided instead to head into a night club. Lights. Action. Bass drum. Mind-numbing. One hundred twenty-four beats per. Twice the speed of a beating heart.

I kept my head down and my hood up. I didn't want anyone pointing me out of the crowd. God, they all looked so good. The girls in their skirts, batting eyes, the beads of sweat. Everyone was so beautiful in those flashing lights.

I couldn't wait to join the crowd. With my throat parched however, I needed a drink. Joining the bartender, I called out. "Hey." The tall, muscular bold man turned his head in my direction. "Know how to make a Shirley Templar?" There was a questioning look in his face. I laughed. "It's just the usual with some gin stirred into the mix." It was something I invented. It was no surprise he wouldn't know the drink.

I allowed the bass to clear my thoughts. As I sat at the bar, an attractive, very mellow female had joined me. She held up her hand. Two shots. I knew that gesture. The bartender nodded in her direction. "Coming right up."

Her eyes met mine. "Where you from?" She sparked the conversation. "Never saw you around here before."

Pretty lame introduction. I shrugged. "Around." I gave a snark response. I found myself yelling over the bass. The woman gave a laugh. Turning her full attention towards me. This is the first time I saw her through the flashing lights. Short blond hair. Blue eyes. A smile that even sparkled. It was enough to make me smirk. I observed her more. She seemed to be wearing tight jeans and a leather lace top. It hugged her body beautifully, as if she where to be made of art.

"No, I mean. I never seen you in this club." Her voice continuing to yell over the bass. "What's your name?"

Great she was wanting to do small talk. This didn't seem to bother me too much. It was nice to talk to someone different for a change. "Miles." I speak. "My name is Desmond Miles."

Another laugh. She gave me a wider smile. "Nice to meet you Mr. Miles. My name is Aya Brea." It was a moment after I was given my drink. Perfect timing.

"You can call me Desmond." I correct her.

The night carried on. We shared a few stories. I was surprised enough to hear she was a cop. Not really enjoying her job it seem. I must have gotten drunk. I told her that operating in a night club was no stranger to me. She had gotten me to laugh. It was nice to talk to someone with more sense than the depressing bastards.

As I downed my fourth Shirley Templar, I felt the urge to pee, but seeing that I could hold out until at least midnight, I ignored the feeling. It was soon that I realized that Aya herself was opening up. She wanted to do something, but I couldn't read her that well. For once, it was unpredictable.

Aya reached out her arms, gripping my left arm. "You wanna dance?" She asks. "Come on! I can show you how to have a good time."

I seemed a little stubborn at first. I was a new man. Born again. Alone but alive. Trying to forget. Maybe tonight, just tonight I wouldn't have to endure my shyness. I wanted the company. Aya just.... She represented herself at a difficult time. Then again, I was interrupted by a thought... Let go, Desmond. Just let it go. Forget it.

The time sluggishly went by, but for once I was thankful. We had danced the night away. I was happy. Maybe she was the "one" I was searching for after all. My body close to Aya. The way she touched me at times. Rubbing against me. It felt... good. I often found myself groping her. She didn't seem to mind.

The music blurred my senses. Aya was allowing this. Letting the music move her. We both seemed to need this moment. Please. Don't let this end. I had begged.

The scene shifted as I felt my urge come back again, but I had the feeling if I left, I would never see her again. "Do you want to head back to my place?" I practically had to yell in her ear. There was a smile. A nod. Finally. A break.

Knowing that both Aya and I are drunk. I was going to be a rough night if one of us decided to drive. Aya insisted on calling a cab. Being responsible, I agreed.

Heading back home, I couldn't help but notice something. Aya is needing to pee herself. Back from the party and knowing we had quite a few drinks, I couldn't blame her. It was a slight reminder of my own urge too. Aya must have consumed more than myself. I pretend to ignore. She was crossing her legs; focusing on her need.

It must have been hard for her to maintain, though it seemed to be more than a turn on for me. Maybe because I was trying to keep my cool for the same situation? I needed to pee pretty badly by now. I wanted to grip myself. Anything to push back my urge. My bladder is a hard by now. All evening it has stretched and expanded to accommodate the hours.

The urine in my body has generated sending stronger and stronger signals that it needs to be emptied. I ignored it as best I could. I resisted with all my strength. So thinking of Aya and her need wasn't as bad, I started to fantasize. This way it wouldn't become too critical.

As we reach back to my pace, I can see the need and urgency in Aya's face. I pay the cab seeing Aya seemed to be having trouble getting to her money. I could tell Aya took it more of a compliment than anything. As soon we climb the stairs and get out of public eye, I keep forward. Though, Aya seems to be dying by now. She leans forward.

I fumbled for my keys, more distracted as Aya shoves her hand up her crotch. Her legs even buckled. Maybe she was more desperate than I thought? I couldn't help but to pant with that thought. Hot... too.. hot. Ugh. Was I really being turned on by her desperation. Damn. What the hell? Why was I being turned on like this? I couldn't help it. I could hear Aya whispering and swearing to herself.

I felt my dick throb. I was becoming hard. Don't stare. Don't stare. I repeat to myself, trying to keep focused. My keys slipped into my door. Aya was really trying her best to keep under control. It must have been embarrassing for her.

My breathing got heavy as we walk into my place. I must have been sweating more than I realized. Bad time to be turned on. But was it really? It was nice to see a weakness of a woman who appeared to be strong... sexy... No.. No... not that. Aya had inched her way to another position. Pretending herself not to focus on her need.

Then there it was again. Another throb. Damn... my urge was getting worse. I needed to pee. And soon. By now I realized I was reaching my limit. Why doesn't she just ask? Better yet... why didn't I just tell her I needed to go as well? I was being a complete idiot. I was getting horny. Dear god... this can't be. I needed to come to terms that I was... that I was being turned on. Not just by her, but holding out on her as well. Seeing Aya desperate made me VERY hard.

My bladder was pounding. Aching. I started to get a look on her face. Aya noticed. Instead of saying anything, there was a slight smile on her face. I have to bend over by now, but she saw. She KNEW. Oh no... No no no no... don't do this in front of her. She approached me, getting into my space. I needed to squeeze my dick by now. Anything. Yet Aya was face to face with me. It was with action. No words.

Aya is seeing me start to tremble. Through that she watched. Seeing my troubles made her feel secure. I could feel a little pee trying to escape. I panic. Aya could sense my desperation by now, rubbing by crotch. I didn't want to wet myself in front her her. I gave a nervous laugh. We both need to pee, but don't wish to admit to such low circumstances. I hold back, hoping not to make this more awkward than it already had become.

Aya rubbed herself against me more. She was doing all that she could to help herself hold back. "I know we know this." Aya finally blurts out. "We need to pee. bad. Really. I can't hold myself any longer." She pressed herself harder into my leg. Frantically trying to fight my own urge. I wanted to be a gentleman, let her go first. Yet...

I say nothing. I couldn't help myself either. I kiss Aya. I continue to do so as my hands wrap around her. She groaned in response. Yet... she didn't pull away. I was in the clear to continue. Both of us were in the moment, forgetting our problems for just the moment. I kiss down her neck, absorbing her pleasure like a sponge.

Aya is getting edgy. Her groans turning into soft moans. Fighting the complex mix of desperation and becoming turned on herself. My hands start to untie the leather top she was wearing. She was quick to react by ripping off my hoodie... and my shirt. By now, I was feeling exposed. I know she saw it. My bladder being swollen and as hard as a rock,

"You weren't kidding..." Aya whispered into my ear as she started teasing me.

I return her reaction, allowing her to play. I did the same was I ran my hand over her jeans. Her belt restricting her desperation as best as it could. I gave myself an evil, cynical idea. I unbuckle her belt. This was my turn to feel how hard her bladder was. She was just as bad as me. Perhaps worse by this point? We both waste no time unbuttoning our jeans.

This was getting intense. We were both turned on. Not holding back anymore. But to be honest, sex was the last thing on my mind seeing I was more desperate than horny. Though, I could tell that Aya was more horny than desperate. She wanted more from me. Sure, I would be happy to give it, but this would have to wait.

I needed to beg to her to get off me if not a moment. Being patient was passing and I needed to pee. Aya began kissing me hungrily. She wrapped her fingers around my dick. Damn. No... please.. not now. My breathing increases as I postpone my urgency. Maybe I could hold off. That's if I could quickly get it out of the way.

I go in for a deep kiss as I kiss down her neck again. Aya began to thrust, though I was quick to rub her as well. How could I forget? She needed to go as badly as myself. "You know." I say between kissing. "We could both go and have fun after..." That thought made me even harder. Her soft skin was now against me. I couldn't help but to now be on top of her.

With us so close together, I couldn't help but to grope her whole body. We were both clouded with excitement to stop each other. Though, by now I could see Aya squirm. She begins to tremble. There was a powerful urge trying to release itself. I could feel it as Aya was trying to charm her way out.

Her thoughts change. "Desmond!" Aya cries out, forcing her hands into her crotch. The desperation for her was getting out of control. She started to wet herself. Aya was crying out. She didn't want to end up this way. Losing the battle and giving into her baser urges wasn't something she was willing to accept.

Aya cried out as she wet herself. Cries of pleasure follow. "That must have felt good." I wanted to assure her.

"I couldn't hold on." Aya admitted. "I'm sorry, Desmond." She began crying.

Clearing her tears away, I kissed her neck again. "Don't be shy about that. To be honest. This was the first time this has ever happened to me."

There was a confusing look on her face. "You... accepted that?"

I said nothing more as I brought her face into view. "You what to know something?" Her eyes met mine. "Don't feel embarrassed." I released the pressure from my bladder. Warm pee soaking not only me, but Aya as well. This was something either of us have EVER experienced.

The passion escalated. "Oh Desmond..." There was nothing more Aya could say.

I continued to pee for several seconds as Aya held on to me. It's been done. There was nothing more that could have been more.. satisfying... Picking Aya up, I lead her into my bedroom as our night of passion was only beginning.

