Amazoness quartet - a special performance

Author: omofan77

*000*2015-06-21 16:02

It began in the Dead Moon Circus tent when the Amazoness Quartet was taking a bath. Cerecere had to pee, but didn't want to admit it to her younger sisters. She tried to hold it, but her bladder ached and peeing was all she could think about. She had to go now. Seeing her sisters distracted, Cerecere sank lower into the water and relaxed, smiling and sighing in relief as her pee gushed out. The others turned suddenly as they heard bubbles and watched as the water bubbled around Cerecere and the water around them became warm.

"Well, well," said Junjun. "Our most elegant sister just whizzed in the bath." Cerecere tried to keep her composure. "Well, when you have to go, you have to go." Their attention was diverted when more bubbles appeared around Pallapalla. "Pallapalla had to tinkle and our sister already went."

"In that case, I'll just whiz too," said Junjun, peeing. She splashed the water at the others. "Then take this," said Vesves, adding her pee to the water and splashing it, joined by the other two. They later admitted it was fun and looked for an chance to pee like little kids again. The chance came at a coming of age ceremony. The Amazoness Quartet didn't understand why people wanted to grow up and were determined to act like kids forever.

Pallapalla began to feel the need to pee. Remembering their desire to always act like kids, she came up with an idea. She just relaxed, letting her pee all out into her pants. With a stain on her front, she confronted her sisters. "Pallapalla tinkled in her pants," said Pallapalla. "She will never be a grown up."

"Clever," said Cerecere. "This is how I'll prove I won't grow up." She lowered her pants, squatted over the flower pot Sailor Mars had spent organizing for the ceremony, and peed onto the flowers. "That's nothing," said Junjun. "Would a grown up ever do this?" She ran across a celing beam half naked, peeing, and the stream slid over the side and dripped down along the seats. "Looks like a lot of people will feel a little wet," said Junjun. "Allow me to add to that," said Vesves. She peed on the stairs to the stage. "When those foolish people want to be adults, it might be a little slipperly when they have to walk up."

Then another failed mission passed. The audience did not contain the target they needed and they were interuptted by the Sailor Senshi. Still, the Amazoness Quartet were amused by comments that the steps and seats were wet. The Sailor Senshi had left and Chibi-Usa had stayed behind with Momoko and Kyusuke to watch the ceremony. Seeing no more interuptions, the Amazoness Quartet decided to have a little more fun. The ceremony stopped as everyone suddenly saw Cerecere swinging above them. The audience was wondering what was happening, but slience fell among them as they focused on the swinging movement. Chibi-Usa and Momoko, remembering the circus, averted their eyes.

They saw Kyusuke transfixed to the swinging, reflected in his eyes. Then Cerecere threw sparkling, yellow flower petals that swirled before the crowd. Then it passed and Chibi-Usa and Momoko chanced a look at the stage as the Amazoness Quartet gathered. Cerecere kept swinging, this time, peeing off the swing, drops falling on the crowd like a gentle rainstorm. "Ah, another unique performance," said Chibi-Usa. "It's strange they would do it here," said Momoko. "Maybe it's a surprise entertement," said Chibi-Usa. She and Momoko felt the drops of Cerecere's pee and were surprised by how much like regular rain it felt. The girls enjoyed the sensation.

Then Cerecere lowered herself on the stage and Junjun and Vesves swung from the curtains, their streams meeting in midair. Then they spun, making yellow circles in the air and caught the other curtain and combined their streams again. Chibi-Usa and Momoko appulded with the rest. "Even more symetrical than how the curtains were set up," said Chibi-Usa. Pallapalla then balanced on a ball, peeing just off the side, not a drop hitting the ball. Momoko watched in admiration. "Such wonderful balance." Then the Amazoness Quartet performed a series of acrobatics on swings and performed a series of jumping jumps, then spun down a pole and held on with one hand, the four streams pouring down and hitting a single spot as the audience, along with Chibi-Usa and Momoko cheered.

Cerecere announced to the crowd. "Now we will perform a color illusion. But first, we do not need our clothes to get in the way." She removed all her clothes. "Don't I look so sophisticated?" Everyone agreed. The others removed their clothes as well, loudly comparing their bodies to each other, to the amusement of the crowd. "They are very brave to do that," said Chibi-Usa, to Momoko's agreement. Then the Amazoness Quartet rose above the stage and poured down four streams of pee. When they hit the ground, the streams changed color. Cerecere urinated a bright pink stream, while Pallapalla tinkled out a blue color. Junjun peed a green color as Vesves peed out in red. The audience oohed and ahhed at the sight and still Chibi-Usa and Momoko cheered the loudest.

Durning the performance, Chibi-Usa and Momoko felt a need to pee. "This is really making me have to go," said Chibi-Usa. "I'd like it to continue, but I'd like a chance to go too," said Momoko. They were now sitting holding their crotches. "If you have to pee, pee," said Vesves. Chibi-Usa and Momoko were surprised to see the Amazoness Quartet standing around them, dressed again. "It's no fun to be like that and can't enjoy the show," said Vesves. "Since you'd like our show to continue, we could use a little audience participation," said Cerecere. "You two may urinate with us on stage."

"Yeah, come on up and whiz alongside us," said Junjun. "It will make tinkling more fun," said Pallapalla. "I'm sure you'd like to try our pee tricks," said Vesves.

"We do," said Chibi-Usa. "But we're not brave like you are." Cerecere spoke. "Perhaps you'd like to feel the mind altering effects I'm skilled with. You won;t care about anything."

"No," said Momoko. "I'd rather do it of my own free will and not take the chance of being tricked into doing anything."

"Then I'll do the same with Momo-chan," said Chibi-Usa. The Amazoness Quartet nodded in approval and led them on the stage. Chibi-Usa wondered what they should do first. "Anything you want," said Cerecere. "This is your show as much as it's ours. Urinate on my swing if you like."

"Or tinkle without your clothes," said Pallapalla. Junjun suggested "Whiz in midair."

"Pee your pants," said Vesves. "It's all about having fun and being kids."

Then Chibi-Usa walked to the edge of stage and relaxed, pee emptying into her skirt and pouring over the side. She sighed in relief as Momo joined her. "Everyone's watching," said Momo in a whisper. "Don't worry about them," said Chibi-Usa. "It's just us having fun."

"You're right," said Momo. They smiled and showed the stains on their clothes to the audience as they cheered. "Pallapalla will dry you up," said Pallapalla, using her magical stone to remove the stains. Then, feeling reckless, Chibi-Usa removed her clothes and Momo followed her. They peed naked, standing close together and raising an arm in the air as the crowd cheered. The Amazoness Quartet shouted, "They're cheering for you! Keep it up!" Chibi-Usa and Momo were now caught up in the fun and cheers to worry about anything else. "I want to try the swing," said Momo. Cerecere placed her in the swing and swung her over the crowd. Momo held up her dress, dropped her panties to her knees and peed, drops falling over the crowd. She smiled and waved as Chibi-Usa shouted, "Go, Momo-chan!"

"I want to try the midair tricks," said Chibi-Usa. "You can both do them," said Junjun. They were brought high over the stage and Chibi-Usa was tossed into the air, making a long, golden arc as Junjun caught her and swung her back and sent Chibi-Usa spinning in midair, making a yellow circle as Cerecere caught her. At the same time, Pallapalla and Vesves tossed Momo through the air in a smilar way. Vesves announced, "Now, we will use our pee to lift our sister's ball into the air with her on it!" With Pallapalla on her ball, her sisters began peeing and staging an improvised conversation. "It seems we can urinate as much as we can with no effect," said Cerecere. "I'm whizzing as hard as I can can and it's still not lifting," said Junjun. "We need someone to pee with us," said Vesves.

"Then get someone to tinkle with you," said Pallapalla. The others asked, "Who?" Catching on, Chibi-Usa and Momo ran forward, shouting, "We will help you!" They combined their streams with the others and they seemed to rise and push the ball into the air as Pallapalla peed over the side, to the cheers of many. For the grand finale, Cerecere declared they would pee in different colors again and asked if Chibi-Usa and Momo would like to join in, which they gladly accepted. "To show our gratitude for having such excellent volunteers, you may choose what color you want yours to be," said Cerecere. "Pink for me," said Chibi-Usa. "Purple for me," said Momo. "Then I'll change mine to a brighter yellow like my flowers," said Cerecere.

The six girls then peed down onto the stage, making six jets of pee, each a different color. "Now for an added twist," said Cerecere. "Pallapalla, if you please." Pallapalla once more used her magic orb. "Now they have taken on a flavor that matches the color," said Cerecere. Chibi-Usa collected a bit of her now pink pee and tasted it, exclaiming, "It tastes like bubblegum!" She gave some to Momo, who drank and agreed. Momo tasted hers and said it tasted like grape and gave some to Chibi-Usa. The Amazoness Quartet then drank their own pee. Cerecere's tasted like lemonade, Pallapalla's tasted like blueberry, Junjun's tasted like melon, and Vesves' tasted like strawberry. They all took a sample of each other's pee and confirmed the taste.

As they took their bows, Cerecere addressed the crowd. "Let's also have a hand for our wonderful volunteers!" Chibi-Usa and Momo stood smiling as they received the loudest cheer of all. The Amazoness Quartet shook hands with them and congratulated them. "You can urinate in such a fun way that only kids can do," said Cerecere. "Don't worry, they won't remember much afterwards."

"Your tinkling helped make our show even better," said Pallapalla. "Yeah," said Junjun. "You guys can whiz like experts. Way to go!"

"Let's pee together at another show again some time," said Vesves.

When Kyusuke awakened, he asked what happened. "Oh, the coming of age ceremony just finished," said Chibi-Usa. "You didn't miss that much."

"It wasn't that exciting," said Momo. The next day, Chibi-Usa and Momo were by themselves as they practiced their own peeing tricks and pretended to address a cheering crowd. They praticed balancing, handstands, and swinging, eager to watch and be a part of another performance. Even though Chibi-Usa suspected the Amazoness Quartet as part of the enemy, if they can just stop plotting against the Sailor Senshi long enough to put on such a fun show, that was fine with her. It wasn't her place to stop anyone from having fun. Even though she was likely peeing with the enemy along with Momo, Chibi-Usa had to admit it was a lot of fun.

