
Hermione's curse

Author: peepants1300 [x] (f)

*000*2014-10-28 00:58

Hermione stared blankly at her bed. Over the last few weeks, she had become a bed wetter, but it wasn't her fault. She had stolen a witch's spell book and gotten caught. The witch had cast an unfamiliar spell on her. This, she thought, was it. A weakened bladder. For the third time that week, she gathered her wet, yellow sheets and threw then down the shute. She walked back to the bed and looked at it. The wet spot made her uneasy and she covered it with a towel and replaced the sheets. She went to the restroom and went back to sleep, leaving the event behind her.

The next morning, she walked to breakfast with Harry and Ron. " I'm starving!" Ron whined. " Me too." Harry and Hermione agreed in unison. They got their food and sat down. Harry was last. " Here. I've got the drinks." " Thank you, Harry." Hermione gulped hers down quickly and even refilled it. " Its almost time for class. I'm going to go get my books. See you guys later!" Hermione got up and her bladder shot her a warning. She needed to pee. And bad.

She supported down the hall to her locker. After picking up her books, she was headed for the bathroom when Draco stepped in front of her. Oh brother, she thought. "Oh, hello, Hermione." He smiled his wicked smile. "I really need to be somewhere right now. Please go away, Malfoy." He frowned. " It isn't even gimme for class yet. Lets... talk." As they walked further and further from the restroom, Hermione's heart sank. She squirmed through the entire conversation. "Why do you hang out with those..." Squirm. " Because their my..." Squirm. They talked until class started. She squirmed through the entire class and could barely focus. "Um... Hermione." Calls the teacher.

Silence. 

"Hermione!" Hermione looks up. " Yes?" "What is the last ingredient to the potion?" Silence. " Pay attention, Hermione. I'm very disappointed." The teacher moved on. Meanwhile, Draco, who sits directly behind Hermione, is thrilled at the whole experience. He loved her squirming and barely audible whimpers. Suddenly, a trickle only Draco could see poured out of Hermione's seat. He smiled, but quickly hid it. The trickle cut off, and he frowned. Before class was even over, Hermione was packed. When class was dismissed, she raced out, Draco quietly following. She was at the corner when a teacher stopped her to tell her how great of a student she was. She thanked him and rushed toward the bathroom. As she reached the hall of the bathroom, she couldn't believe hey eyes.

The bathroom was out of order. She stifled a sob. The puddles on the floor weren't helping her situation. Draco stayed at the corner. Why did i do this to her? Why do i enjoy it so? A gasp broke him out of his thoughts. He looked up to see Hermione shaking, a small stream of pee was running down her leg. "No! No! Please, no. I'm too old to pee myself. I can make it up the stairs. With slow steps, i can make it." She took careful, slow steps and was halfway to the stairs when she slipped in a puddle and fell. The dam broke when she landed on her butt. She tried to stop it, but it was too late. Draco felt sorry for her. She lay in a wet heap on the ground. Converted in pee and tears, she stood up. She cleaned herself and the floor with a spell. She dried her tears. "At least i was alone." She muttered.

How wrong she was.

Sorry for any mistakes and/or if it feels rushed. I dont have much time to myself. I plan to keep going with this story, but im letting you vote. Yes or no?
