Ayla and the Nights

Author: GadgetCereal

*000*2014-09-14 03:16

Ayla and the Nightlands

Just a little backstory before I write this: I've been hanging around this site anonymously and until recently, I hadn't considered signing up but seeing

Many of the stories written on this site, I felt a need to express my creativity also. This story holds a special place in my heart and until recently it was left to gather dust in an old notebook in my bedroom for two years (It was part of an english essay: writing a fiction of any genre. Being the fan of anime and manga I was when I was in school I instantly took to fantasy, and for a brief time it consumed my life). Since the aforementioned viewings of the fictions, I decided to repurpose a view sections, (Rip out a few pages, add some new pages, rework some lines to accomodate omorashi and such) and wipe the dust away from the cover for all to enjoy. Anyway, humour me for the first chapter, it's been a while since I put pen to paper. (Or in this case finger to keyboard)

___

Prologue

Thornberry Academy

The letter read: "Dear Ayla Tsereteli

On behalf of the staff here at Thornberry Academy, please allow me to be the first to both greet and accept you into

Your first year as a student. After close examination of your grades and performance at your previous school in the

Area of Ethereal History and Ethereal Theory, we found you to be a more than a suitable candidate. The academic year shall commence August 2nd at 9:00. You will be required, along with the rest of the first years to attend the assembley in the great hall.

We also must bring bad news: due to the recent influx of students being welcomed into the academy. We are forced to make the appropriate adjustments to deal with the lack of vacanies in the student dormitories, you will be required to lodge in the

"Eden's Lodge" Located just outside the Academy gates. We have provided, for your convenience, instructions on how to reach the Lodge from the Train station.

The Academy officials look forward to meeting you.

Regards

Frederick Lumen, Dean of Thornberry Academy

Ayla still couldn't believe it. Every time she would glance down at the words on that paper, she felt a need to pinch herself, just to see if she was dreaming. Thornberry was the most prestigious academy in the whole country. When she attended her final year of school, she would hear optimistic chatter of the other students, dreaming and hoping that they could just at least gaze beyond the high walls of the institute. Often also, She'd hear them complain of how they would never attend the academy. Even the schools elite found it an impossible task to be given the privilege of attending Thornberry. So sure of their feeble attempts, they never attempted to boast that they would be welcomed, they knew all too well that it took a special mind...no a unique mind to be accepted.

What really made her feel warm was the sense of pride that she qualified with her own talents. Normally, Thornberry welcomed people outside the area only if they were naturally bound to the Ethereal Realm, born to perform great feats of magic, something that needed the most experienced minds to help teach and control the power within a child. Sadly, Ayla was not lucky enough to be gifted with such amazing powers, but the academy still needed minds to learn and further the understanding of the magic realm, and even those who couldn't perform a feat of magic could still be a powerful scholar. Her great mind and even greater intelligence were the only powers she possessed.

Ayla sat alone in the train carriage, left with only her questions mixing with the sounds and whistles of the locomotive. A lone woman moved up the aisle, pushing a trolley of food. "Excuse me," She stopped beside Ayla, "Can I offer you anything? I've noticed you've sat there for six hours and haven't eaten."

It was true, she'd only eaten a piece of toast on the morning, and the second she stepped on the train her appetite had depleted instantly. As the trolley made several passes while the train was bustling and alive, she just felt sick looking at all the sweets.

"I'm not very hungry. Thank you." Ayla had a sweet voice, one that just couldn't sound angry, even if she tried, which she rarely did, her voice was innocent, like the squeak of a mouse.

The steward moved on, dragging the trolley into the next cart. The train was bare now, everybody had gotten off at the last stop, which was the countries capital-SerKraine, she was the only one travelling into Thornberry. It was rolling into Dusk now, just as the final day of summer began to drift into the final night, the tip of Thornberry donned on the horizon. Her mind began swimming in questions again, she kept asking herself.

"What will the academy be like? Will it be nice? Will it be like people have heard? Beautiful? Magical? "

"Are the people friendly...what if I become a loner? Forced to spend the two most highly-regarded years of my life alone? without a friend?"

"What if it is too hard? If my studies are near impossible and i'm forced to drop out? I'll be a failure-the girl who attended the worlds greatest academy...and ran off because she's an idiot?"

She nestled her head into her arms. "I'm not an idiot. I've gotten this far, I can go much further." It was quieter in the dark, the scent of flowers on her sleeves was sweet. She could just lie there, burrowed away from life in the black of her shirt and think more gracefully, about the brighter part of her adventure, about being able to don a uniform so few people got to wear.

"I wonder what colour their uniform is...I wonder if it is short-skirt or long skirt...?" Her mind pushed aside the fearsome questions, she hoped she it looked much like her old uniform: a white sweater and a short grey dress with either knee high socks or black tights. She began thinking of herself, standing the large courtyard, surrounded by her own manifestation of the academy. She imagined the buildings being rustic and tall, like an old gothic castle with small gothic manors dotted around, perhaps with a large clock tower that chimed greatly every hour, all locked away behind a large stone wall. She closed her eyes and found herself drifting to sleep for the remainder of the journey.

The train ground to a halt, pushing Ayla forward and rudely waking her from a peaceful sleep. She grasped her rucksack before it could spill it's contents across the floor.

"We have arrived at our final stop-Thornberry. Please be careful exiting the train and have a pleasant evening."

The station was empty. Thornberry was the last port of call for many trains that travelled across the country. Many of the locomotives had been put to rest for the night at the back of the station, in the shadows. With a loud whistle and a small plume of smoke, the last locomotive of the night was placed onto the rotating track and positioned among its steel brethren for a night of slumber.

A few people still walked the streets in the evening heat. A small group of people heading to a nearby tavern called the Jolly Dodger, other than them, the streets were empty. Ayla had wondered if she'd walked into some other world, where people were practically non-existent. Every window had a lit lantern to stave off the dark, and a silhouette behind each curtain, dancing and twisting in the light. She rummaged around in her rucksack, and removed the instructions for reaching her new home-Edens Lodge.

They read: Turn left from the train station

Pass a tavern called the Jolly Dodger

Continue up the road until you reach Salton's Boulevard

Turn right and head straight forward until you reach the building at the end

She began walking. The streets grew no more crowded as she moved towards Edens Lodge. Buildings got bigger the more she walked: Small shops, restraunts, bakeries, workhouses, breweries and factories, every kind of establish was randomly placed in whatever empty space of city was open. They all stood like images in a painting, and they stood against a canvas of large grey stone.

"The academy must lie beyond that wall." She thought, curiously. She was only a few feet from a building many never got to see. The feeling was exciting, it was like all her doubts and fears had melted away. It loomed over the city like a giant over a mere village, drowning out any light. Just gazing made her think it was the kind of place that demanded it be the biggest among the bunch just to establish dominance. Ayla sighed and walked on, clutching her rucksack and picking up pace, seeing that wall made her curiosity soar like an eagle.

The Eden's lodge was just up ahead. Ayla could see a few lights glowing in the downstairs windows. On the street corner, she noted the student shop, which was closed for the evening. Small houses made of wood and stone created a tight corridor. The lodge itself was impressive, made up of three floors, with a large stone rooftop and stained glass windows that glowed from the weak lights beside them. Two men stood in the garden out front, beside an open front door. One of them was much younger than the other, maybe a few years than she was.he was handsome, with short brown hair and gold eyes , wearing a formal set-up, like a butler and had a set of mannerisms equal to his clothes.

"Good evening, my lady. My name is Alexander," he gave her a polite bow, "allow me to introduce you to Mr Eden."

The older man looked sinister, he too was a handsome man, but his appearance was ruined by a degrading fatigue. His eyes sagged and had bags of black beneath, like he'd been beaten severely. His hair was dark and unbrushed, which made him look less sophisticated than his butlers greeting made him seem. "Good evening. Am I correct to assume you are Ayla Tsereteli?"

She nodded.

"Good. I was expecting you tomorrow with the other two lodgers. Lucky for you one of them already arrived yesterday." He clapped his hands and before Ayla knew it, the butler, Alexander, was taking her bag and slinking away behind the door.

"Welcome to the Eden Lodge, my girl." Mr Eden gave a strange eerie smile that chilled her blood a little, but it was most likely just his appearance that him look menacing. "I'd be happy to give you a tour."

With a smile, Ayla nodded.

"Please then...follow me."

In they went into the house. Out of the darkness. The sun had set now, and the night embraced the world beneath it. In the distance a clock chimed for seven o'clock.

______

I thank you all for reading. Feedback is critical as I really appreciate how to improve, especially since I consider description to be my writing Kryptonite.

*002*2014-09-14 19:38

{{:

Until the very end, I found this to not be particularly gripping. There was no shortage of description, but apart from the school being good and the protagonist being insecure, I don't think I learned much. I'm curious to see where this will go

}}

Thanks for the feedback, glad to hear about the description (Thats the thing that keeps me awake at night, fearing if i'm being to vague) The first chapter is a literal opening to the story and i'm approaching the second chapter with a little more detail and effort. I'm hoping to put it up tomorrow.

