Digging Himself a Hole (Animal Crossing)

Author: Captain L

*000*2015-08-28 01:09

Author's Note: All the details of the story are based on my personal town for New Leaf, just in case any customizable names don't match up with anyone else.

###

Waiting, standing around, that was the day's job for Digby. He was the guard for the Happy Home Showcase, the one giving tours to anyone who wanted them. The upkeep and designs were handled by his boss, Lyle, so all he had to do was settle down at the base of the entrance staircase just in case someone came by. They usually didn't, the town of Waifus was very underpopulated, the row of stores he was employed on had just about as many characters as the residential side. So, most days, there wasn't any action at all.

At least Waifus was quiet. It was unpopulated, but it was well taken care of, it was on an oceanfront, there were lots of trees, and it was weed-free. Mayor Liam made sure it was a nice place to live, and the citizens loved him for it. He was making the town a veritable beauty, a place anyone would want to move into. Digby was kind of jealous, a job where he could make decisions, make everyone proud of him, and where he could take a few days off all the time with no consequences other than weeds.

Still, he didn't want to complain. It paid well, he was a simple walk from his house, every other business owner on the street was nice to him, it wasn't a terrible position. Especially when Brewster gave him coffee every morning to get him through the day.

Sure, he was awake now, but he was bored. Aside from the rare villager passing by to visit one of the shops, villagers that didn't talk to him, there was very little activity. The only motion most of the time were the birds that would gather outside the gardening shop, and they weren't good for company. So he had to live with being alone. He checked the watch on his left paw. Just before 10. He sighed, this was going to be a long day.

Just as he was contemplating this, someone entered his field of vision coming up onto Main Street, a blue hedgehog. “Hello there, Mabel,” Digby called out. “You're coming up a little late to open the store today. Cutting it close, eh?”

“Hello, Digby. Sable's the one in charge of opening today, so I just have to be there for the customers. She already works so hard in the shop, I get a little worried when she volunteers to go in early or stay late. I don't want her to overexert herself. But I suppose you know what it's like to have a sister that loves to work.”

“Isabelle lives for her work. I start to get a little worried when she spends so much time at Town Hall, like something bad's going to happen to her. I know she's responsible and capable of making her own decisions, but I can't help but be concerned. Is that what you're talking about?”

“I wouldn't be worried about Isabelle, Digby. I'm sure she's just eager to help the mayor to the best of her abilities. He's very personable and charismatic, even got Sable to start conversations with him. That's pretty impressive. Oh, but I should meet her now, before the store opens. Nice to see you, Digby. Give my best to your sister.” Mabel waved goodbye and ran off to the right, disappearing past the front wall of T&T Mart.

It was nice to have the conversation, but now Digby felt the loneliness even worse. This early in the morning, he was worried he might fall asleep if he didn't have some form of engagement, he needed to think about something. After his talk with Mabel, he had Isabelle on his mind. Isabelle was his twin sister, a hard and enthusiastic worker that was always happy to help, even if she was prone to making mistakes. It made a lot of people like her.

Of course, Digby loved her too. She was his sister, that feeling was agiven. The two had always gotten along well since they were puppies, to the point they didn't separate as they became adults and moved to Waifus together. Right now, they shared a house and were doing fine even when they saw each other rarely, what with Isabelle always doing something.

Digby was honestly envious of her work ethic, she took such pride in her job, he had never been so passionate about anything he had done. That seemed like something he wanted to share with her, remind her how much he cared and how much he admired her, he just didn't know how to say it. They were always so close and equal, just thinking about admitting he had fallen behind was forming a tightness at the bottom of his stomach.

Wait, that wasn't his stomach. It was close, but it was a different kind of discomfort. Worried, he checked his watch once again to confirm the time. It was just barely after 10, seeing as he hadn't done anything since talking to Mabel. “It's two hours until lunch and I already have to use the restroom. That second coffee earlier may not have been the best idea.” It was something to be concerned about, but he wasn't going to get hung up on it. His need was noticeable and bothersome, but it really wasn't all that urgent. He should be able to hold it, he rationalized, two hours wasn't that long. He would just have to bear it.

###

Half an hour had passed, and Digby was really feeling those morning drinks. The coffee was filtering through his digestive system and pooling up in his bladder, and it was starting to fill. He could no longer stand still, he was shifting his weight from one leg to the other, hoping it would do something to placate nature's call. Now was the time to consider what he could do to relieve the problem.

But what were the options? He didn't want to leave his post, but if he wanted release, he would need to go somewhere else. He couldn't afford to go far, however, lest he be discovered. If he wanted to stand a chance of keeping stealthy, he'd have to limit his choices to the stores on Main Street, and even then, only the ones that wouldn't tell Lyle.

Digby began going down the list of every store on the road, starting with the T&T Mart since it was so close to his current position. Timmy, or Tommy, whoever was who, probably wouldn't tattle on him, but their store didn't have a restroom available to the customers, no matter the pleading. Isabelle had already dealt with that when the two first came to Waifus. Able Sisters didn't have a bathroom either, not that he had ever seen.

As hard as he tried, he couldn't think of any store possibilities. It wasn't even a conern of being caught anymore, none of them had bathrooms at all, none he had seen. He had to wonder what the owners did when they needed a break. Digby started to consider his other options, whatever could work. It would take too long to run back to his house, no matter how quick he was. He could go to the model houses in the Showcase, but none of them had functional plumbing. Sure, it was possible to use those toilets and not have his absence noticed, but he couldn't stay long enough to clean up the mess. His job was just to give tours, he didn't have the cleaning equipment or the reason to use it under normal circumstances.

Basically, he had no access to a restroom. Pickings were slim, and his confidence was wavering. He was even eyeing the two bushes directly to the sides of the walk, just large enough to cover his lower body if he stood behind them. He was seriously considering it, until he shook his head and slapped his cheek to bring him back. “Don't even think about it, Digby. Hold it in, you can do it, it's only an hour and a half.” He wanted to give himself confidence, but with his bladder begging to empty, he couldn't keep composed. He crossed his legs at the knees and bounced, gripping the zipper of his pants along with the body part behind it.

While he was buckling to his body's desire, he caught a glimpse of someone walking up to Main Street. Digby felt his heart jump, terrified of being caught dancing like a little pup, and stood rigid as a statue with his arms by his sides, looking as dignified as he could. Once he was in the safe zone, he could see the one approaching, and it was a red owl girl. She looked confused, until she caught his eye, at which point she waved with her wing and approached him. “Hello sir, is the Museum on this street?” The way she talked was very property and straight, either due to formality or nervousness. Digby knew what that was like, he had to be careful with his words as to not offend and was on edge right now for a simple reason.

He obviously had to answer her, but he was reluctant to speak when he had to pee so bad, just in case his turmoil came across in his speech. He pointed to his left and considered staying quiet, but he was curious. “It's the furthest building down this road. Do you have any relation to Blathers, the owl who runs it?” Maybe it was insensitive to assume a relation just because of species, but with the variety of animals in a small town like Waifus, if there's a physical resemblance, there's relation.

She seemed impressed. “Yes, I'm Blathers' sister, Celeste.”

“Digby, nice to meet you.” He would have extended his paw to shake, but he knew excessive movement would give away his situation, or at least look suspicious. “Your first time in Waifus?”

“It is, I've just been so busy at the observatory, I haven't had the time to come see my brother.”

That piqued Digby's curiosity, he remembered Isabelle being interested in the stars at some point, and there were a few terms he could still recall from that phase. “Oh yeah, constellations like Taurus and Sagittarius, right?”

“Those are the traditional ones, but I'm looking up at the sky and making new ones, like the Big Richard. They just haven't been officially accepted yet. It takes a lot of imagination to make a shape out of stars, but I'm one of those special ones that has no problem seeing them. It's all about being liberal with designs and keeping close attention to which stars shine brightest across the moon's cycles, that decides which stars make up the major points of the animal.”

Digby was fascinated by her talking about her job, it sounded really interesting, he could just tell that Isabelle would love to meet her. So enthralled by her speech, he was almost overlooking his own functions. Almost, he still had quite a lot of urine inside him struggling to burst, but it wasn't as obvious to himself anymore. He could almost stand normally and not draw attention.

Celeste jumped in surprise, and darted her head down the road towards the Museum in a way only an owl could. “Oh, I should probably run, I must be late by now, Blathers must be wondering where I am. It was nice meeting you, Digby.”

Her wings flared out, ready to fly off, but Digby now had one more thing to ask. “Are you going to be at the Museum the time you're here?”

“Not every minute, but I'll be there late. Did you want to come visit me some time?” She fluttered her eyelashes to make her point clear.

Digby got what she was aiming for, but he wasn't ready to follow, not right now. “I'm sure my sister would love to meet you, she's another one that loves romanticizing work. I can only imagine the deep talks you'd have together about something boring.” He was teasing, he didn't look down on Celeste's craft, but the way he said it honestly made it sound more like an Isabelle thing.

“Well, I'd be happy to see her come by in the next few days I'm in town.” Celeste waved her wing and flew away.

Digby watched her leave, smiling at the good talk he just had, and just as soon as she was gone, his bladder's state hit him hard. Celeste had done a good job keeping his mind off it, but all the discomfort he had the fortune to ignore all came back at one moment. That sudden burst of pressure, pounding against his stomach, he was forced into bending over with his paws rubbing against his pants to ease his pain.

It worked, for the time being at least, but Digby absolutely needed a strategy within the next few minutes. If he couldn't think of anything, there were going to be wet pants to pay. He knew what the answer would be, but he checked his watch one more time just in case a miracle had happened. “10:36...no...,” he sputtered out. Still such a long time before his break. “I-I won't make it like this, I'm gonna lose it!” He jerked back upright, his paws not moving in the slightest because removing them was going to cause an accident, and began dancing in place, legs thrusting up and down to keep dry.

Time to make or break it, Digby's decision was now, what was he going to use for a bathroom? He wasn't going to make it to a real one, he just needed an acceptable substitute. His gaze was drawn to the back wall of the T&T Mart, that was completely out of sight. No windows on that end of the building, a cliffside behind it, a row of buildings to its left, the only way he would be seen was by someone walking up the path to the Happy Home Showcase, and he knew that wasn't going to happen. Stomping the stone beneath his feet in desperation, it was seeming more and more like a perfect plan. “I don't care, I need to do this! I'm not holding it any longer!”

Digby stopped his movement that was probably just wasting energy but instincts mandated anyway, and unclasped one paw from the zipper area, leaving the other one right where he had placed it. Carefully and slowly, he used his free paw to undo the metal snap button of his pants, loosening the garment and giving his filled to the brim bladder a little more room to expand. He sighed happily at the little relief it provided, anxiously awaiting when he could feel more really soon.

His attention was pointed downwards as he moved to pull down his zipper, when something appeared at the very top of his sight, out of focus, forcing him to abandon his mission to check. Of course, it had to be the exact thing he didn't want to see right now, the exact thing he would have welcomed not long ago but dreaded now: company. And it wasn't just any stranger he could get rid of quickly, it was Isabelle. Didn't matter if she came this way for any other reason, she would take the time to talk to her brother. Time he couldn't spare right now.

As little as it was going to help, Digby shot his arms back to his side and stood as still as he could physically manage. Maybe if he was distracted and hurried Isabelle, he could just barely make it. That's all he could hope as she approached at a leisurely pace, stopping just a few feet in front of him. “Just as boring as always, Digby?”

“Y-yeah, bad as al-always.” His words came out stammered, he couldn't focus on anything but needing to pee. He didn't realize it until now, but Isabelle would not be a good distraction for him. He was too used to her, she wasn't vying for his attention. The way things were going, the casual start to her talk indicating she'd be staying, he would leak. He didn't make any full-body movements, but he was shaking in place.

Isabelle got an inquisitive look on her face with one eyebrow raised and a head tilt, as she looked her brother over ears to shoes. “What's wrong, Digby? You're acting like you drank too much coffee.”

If he was being questioned, Digby figured he had no reason to hide or lie. He and Isabelle had always had a trusting relationship, he shouldn't lie. “T-that's actually exactly right, I'm seriously going to wet my pants! I've got about a minute AGH!” He felt a small spurt of urine escape his body into his boxer shorts, and he was reacting to both the strain of keeping the rest in and that feeling of wetness pressing against a man's most sensitive part. “Maybe a couple seconds,” he sheepishly admitted, placing his paws right back in their previous location, resuming his dance.

Isabelle was not very taken aback by this happening in front of her. They were twins, there was a full catalog of times they had seen each other very desperate, just the nature of being inseparable. Just a year ago, Digby had helped her in the same predicament, in around the same place too, it was time to return the favor. “So what was your plan?”

“I was just g-gonna use the back wall of the T&T Mart,” he admitted, thrusting his head towards the building for emphasis.

Isabelle considered his proposal, hurrying her thought processes to not put her brother through any unneeded suffering, before shaking her head in disapproval. “Not very good, I'm afraid. It's a perfect hiding spot, but water on the wall would cause way too much noise inside the store, and the gap behind there is too thin to do your business just using it as cover. There'd be evidence.”

Digby was agitated, his bladder was pressing harder and harder by the second and he just wanted release already. “So what would you suggest?”

“The bushes,” she recommended, pointing towards the pair of shrubbery tempting Digby. “It's got enough coverage, the dirt will absorb it, and it's right there. It's about the best you're going to get.”

Digby grimaced at the idea, leaning forward again and rubbing his knees together. “But...but it's so...exposed. It covers some of me, but if anyone sees me, they'll know exactly what I'm doing!” Despite his objections, he was really looking at it as a legitimate idea, he just needed a little more convincing.

Isabelle smiled, ready to provide. “Don't worry, I'll cover you.” She opened up her jacket to her sides, as far as her wingspan would allow. “Besides, you always say no one ever comes up here, you should have enough privacy for a minute or two.”

Digby knew he wasn't going to get anything better within the next few seconds. “T-thanks,” he sputtered as he removed his paws once again and quickly unzipped his pants, loosening his pants to fall down just below his waist. Only when he noticed Isabelle staring at him did he realize he was still standing in the open. “Oh yeah, sorry about that.” He sidestepped behind the bush. “Turn around, Isabelle. You're supposed to be my lookout.”

“I know, just let me move a little closer. There's too much open space between us that someone could see.” She made a couple steps towards him, stopping when she was almost touching the bush herself, at which point she turned away, her legs brushing against the branches.

Digby didn't really feel comfortable with her that close, but he didn't have the time to protest. Besides, if it was Isabelle, it wasn't that bad, she was smart and knew what she was doing. She also had the benefit of not dying of desperation at the moment and would be thinking clearer because of it. So he just went with it because he wanted this over with already.

With just enough privacy, Digby looked down at his crotch and pulled the flaps the zipper connected apart, showing his dark green boxers to no one, so no one could see the Bell-sized wet patch on the front. Just as he was noticing that, another spurt forced its way out just as bad as the first, doubling the stain's radius. He wanted it to stop, no matter how painful it would be, but it wasn't this time. It was just picking up in volume, covering the entire front of the fabric in a matter of seconds. Reeling in shock, Digby grabbed the front waist of the underwear and yanked them down, letting his penis hang free as it shot a waterfall of urine straight into the plant. He grabbed the shaft to aim it higher to avoid the risk of it puddling around his shoes.

Once it was comfortably steady, Digby closed his eyes and let out a mighty sigh of relief. Right now, it didn't matter that he was out in the open, he was peeing out a bulging bladder's worth of contents and that felt really good. Not just the lack of painful throbbing he had grown accustomed to over the last hour, but that feeling of an uneven stream tingling his urethra as it passed through. Absentmindedly caught up in the release, he unconsciously started rubbing the protruding member, making it grow and rise, cutting the river's power, which started sputtering and spraying. Shaken back to what he was doing, he forced his paws still. Now was exactly the worst time to be doing something like that.

He forced himself to stay grounded, and he had to face the reality of this. He was on Main Street, the shopping hub of the town, going potty pretty publicly. Yeah, he had foliage for secrecy and a sister to protect him, but that was small compensation for exposing himself. Okay, having Isabelle was nice, he knew she would do anything she could to keep him safe, that was pretty comforting. She was facing away, keeping quiet, minding her own business, doing anything to make his shame feel calming.

Admittedly, her ears were perked up and moving around, but he just assumed it was a reaction to the sound of his pee slamming into the leaves and branches, falling further into the brush and dripping into a quickly-growing puddle gathering right around the roots. It was a symphony of fluid noises, he understood her reacting to it. She was probably also able to smell him, because while his urine didn't smell especially strong, not more than usual, the extraordinary quantity kicked it up to the point his nose scrunched at the odor.

About a minute later, his bladder was almost empty, and the curve of his current decreased to show. He continued adjusting himself to prevent splattering his legs, until it was just unavoidable there'd be some puddle under him. Thankfully, by that point, there was just a couple drops dribbling out the tip, his shoes were dark to hide it. Finally, he had run dry, and he shook his rod to free any leftover drips. Not that it would matter with his boxers in the condition they were, but he wanted to avoid any further damage, however negligible it would be. He stuffed his boyhood back into his pants, cringing at the renewed feeling of it pressed against the moist and cooling clothing, and redid all the pieces to preserve modesty.

Finished and satisfied, Digby stepped out from behind the flora and resumed his normal position as soon as he could. He was about to tell Isabelle, but she turned around on her own without provocation. “I stopped hearing the sounds, figured you were done. You feel better now?”

Digby sighed. “Yeah, I feel better, I really needed that. I just wish I didn't have to degrade myself like that to do it. But I guess I didn't get caught, so I can't really complain. Thanks for the help, Isabelle.”

“Of course! You're my brother, I'm going to help you however I can. Don't you remember doing the same thing for me a year ago?”

“Actually, that's what I was thinking about while this was happening. At least it turned out better for me than it did for you,” he teased, even if didn't blame her for what happened last year.

“Okay, you don't have to bring that part up. You're lucky that you're a boy.” Isabelle looked a little upset, but Digby knew she was just playing, being a tease. “Glad I could help anyway. But it's probably time for us to get back to work. I came here just to check up on the stock at the T&T Mart for the Mayor.”

“Come on, I seriously do appreciate it, not all sisters would do something like that for their brothers. I was thinking about it today, that bond between siblings because it kept being brought to my attention. So...might as well say 'I love you' since it's on my mind.”

Isabelle smiled and got directly next to her brother so she could hug him. “You don't have to outright tell me, I just know. I love you too, Digby, if you need to hear it.”

He was happy for the sensitive moment, but her hug was also giving him a bad feeling too. “Isabelle, do you mind backing off? I really don't need anyone pressing my underwear against my body, not when it's wet.”

Isabelle backed off from the embrace quickly. “Oh, sorry.” An awkward silence followed as both twins looked around to avoid eye contact. Without other senses to distract them, they both noticed the lingering smell. “Sorry that you have to deal with that stench, that's pretty bad.”

“It is, but I can live with it. I've marked my own territory. And I should get back to that territory, and you should go back to your work.”

“You don't have to remind me, I remembered. What would I do if Mayor found out I didn't do my job while he was visiting Mentula?” She thought for a second, and started laughing. “Actually, he's there to visit his sister. Funny coincidence.”

Digby couldn't help but laugh too. “Don't I know it. I also talked to Mabel about Sable, and Blathers' sister dropped by too. I said I'd send you her way to the Museum at some time because you two would get along so well. She studies constellations and the stars, that stuff.”

Isabelle's face lit up. “I'll be sure to do that, she sounds interesting! I just have to get my work done first. Need to run, bye Digby!” She waved and ran into T&T Mart, letting Digby rest without any kind of excitement. It was nice to have a sister like Isabelle, one that would help her brother, even when it was looking out for him when he took a leak behind a bush.

