Pokemon Omorashi epic! - Page 8

Author: Alexxx

*176*2013-01-03 07:35

(Josh POV)

"Rainstorm?"

"Oooh, good one. Waterfall."

"Shower."

"Geyser?"

"Guys, stoooop, you’re embarrassing me!" The small Charmander by my leg whined, face beet red with mortification. Myst and I laughed. Our current nicknaming game came to a halt, and I rubbed his head apologetically. Nova was fairly sensitive, but I figured a small amount of teasing wouldn’t hurt.

"Bubbling brook." Myst concluded.

"Guyyyys!" Nova begged, tugging at my jeans.

"Alright, alright, we’ll stop." I laughed, rolling my eyes at Myst, signaling her to stop. She nodded, understanding my signal.

We arrived at the Pokemon Center. It was nearing noon, and the town was still mostly quiet with a few citizens bustling about, taking care of ‘after festival’ business. We walked into the Center, and a bright, cheery nurse greeted us all as we came in. I let out a sigh of relief; it wasn’t the nurse from earlier.

“Hello, and welcome to the Vermillion Pokemon Center! How many I help you?”

“Hi! I have a few guys that are a bit wiped.” I smiled.

“Well, lucky for you I’m a nurse.” She laughed. I placed Static’s Pokeball on the table, and picked up and placed Myst and Nova and placed them on the counter. The nurse petted them appropriately for a moment, and reached down to get potions to heal them. After a moment, she handed them back to me, face beaming.

“There you go, all healed and happy. Have a great day.”

“You too, thanks!” I smiled. What a nice nurse.

I walked out, satisfied with our little trip. I twirled Static’s Pokeball in my hand, smirking to myself. "So, how mad is he gonna be you think?"

"Pretty mad." Charmander smiled sheepishly.

"Pissed." Myst chuckled.

"We’ll find out." I laughed, tossing the Pokeball into the air. A familiar yellow rodent materialized onto the sidewalk, looking confused at his surroundings.

He twirled around to look at me inquiringly before he saw the size of my grin. His eyes shot open as I saw the memories flood back into his mind.

This should be good.

*178*2013-01-13 04:39

(NOVA POV)

"I lost to a GIRL!?" A telepathic shriek pierced Josh’s mind.

"There’s nothing wrong with us girls. We’re good enough to beat you, apparently." Myst’s red eyes dug into Static’s as she flicked her tail back and forth. "Though I suppose that’s not saying too much, now is it?"

"Augh! Y-you caught me off guard is all!"

"That I did. How long were you out, by the way? Three, four hours?"

"You cheated!"

"Did I? I believe we actually had a referee for that reason. Nova?" Myst purred, calling my name.

Gulp…

"Nova," Myst repeated. "Remind me, who was our referee?"

"M-me." I stammered.

"Ah. Then, who won our little duel?"

"I-I would rather not, um, get in the middle of-"

"See!" Static interjected. "He knew you cheated, the victory wasn’t legit."

"Static, she knocked you out cold. That’s a pretty clear victory." Josh admitted. Static swirled around to meet his trainers gaze. Static’s usual confident arrogance was shattered, and replaced with wide, disbelieving turquoise eyes.

"Y…you’re siding with her?" Static squeaked, barely audible, even though telepathy.

"Yeah. She won, Static. You’re awesome and you know that, but you need to learn to accept your losses too."

Static slumped, miserable and utterly defeated.

"Hey, everyone loses a match every once in a while-"

"Two." Static retorted sadly.

"Two?"

"Misty."

"Hey, that wasn’t your fault. I said that that was my planning-"

"If I was stronger I could have won." Static thought sadly. He kicked a rock out of his path.

"You are strong. And together we’ll get stronger. You did lose today, but that doesn’t make you weak. That just means there’s room for improvement."

"…"

"Are you okay Stat?"

"Yeah, I’m okay." Static muttered, sighing and straightening himself out. He sighed again, and redirected his thoughts at Myst.

"SryIwsasrlusr." He muttered.

"I’m sorry?" Myst asked, genuinely confused by the mess of syllables.

"Sorry I wsasrlusr."

"…Come again?"

"SORRY I was a sore loser!" Static admitted, extremely reluctantly, cheeks tinged with a frustrated red glow.

"That was mature of you, Static." Josh smiled.

"Uh, yeah, thanks." Static shrunk back, bravado still mildly shaken by his outburst.

"We’re still going to make fun of you, though." Myst reminded the annoyed Pikachu.

"Figured."

"So what was the last thing you saw? I mean, after my paw hit your face?"

"Augh…this is going to be a long walk to Celadon…" Static rolled his eyes.

*184*2013-01-16 14:56

(Josh POV)

"You also look adorable knocked out. You suck your paw in your sleep, did you know that?"

"I do not!"

"You also snore a bit. It’s very endearing."

"JOOOOSH." A small, clearly annoyed Pikachu whined. "How long to Celadon?!"

I smiled. "Whew, probably…" I looked up at the sun, and down at my watch. "…Another six hours, maybe?"

"Can you at least tell Myst to cut out with the-" Static’s voice trailed off as a large shadow sliced off the sunlight above our group. Suddenly we found ourselves enveloped in mild shadow, but just as soon as it was noticed, the phenomenon vanished.

"Bird?" Nova looked up at the sky inquisitively.

"Just any old bird? I suppose that’s all I am anymore. I shouldn’t even be considered a sentient being, should I? Being called any form of sentient life is too much of a compliment for me, hmmm Nova?"

I grinned harder than I had in months hearing that melodramatic dialogue. "Skarr!?"

"Oh Josh, do not do me the discourtesy of pretending you actually missed me during my little time away. I know I am little more use to you then a method of travel." Skarr landed in front of me; his reflective, immaculate silver down preened to perfection. For once in a long time, he wore a small, rare smirk upon his face as he wrapped his wings around my waist.

"Skarr! Augh, you have to tell us EVERYTHING!" I laughed, returning his embrace. "Go on, how’s Karliah, how are the kids, how was the trip back?!

"In time, in time. For now, it appears I am doing several of our members a disservice." Skarr turned Myst, bowing in a formal Skarmory bow. "My sincere apologies for not introducing myself sooner. I am Skarr, Josh’s shield and wit."

"So I see. You may address me as Myst." Myst spoke formally. "I see at last a gentleman graces us with his appearance."

"You are too kind, madam." Skarr’s orange eyes gleamed before turning to a timid Charmander, who stood on the outskirts of the path. "Ah, Nova! I’m afraid we were barely introduced. I don’t mean insult of course, so let us start fresh, shall we? My name is Skarr; defense extraordinaire. Your kind have always been powerful, and to be respected. I shall treat you no differently, Walker Of The Stars."

"T-thanks?" Nova looked nervously at the giant silver bird in front of him.

"Not at all, my friend."

"Skarr!" Static yelped, jumping up and hugging the dark fowl. Skarr bent his neck to stare at the small Pikachu clinging off his down.

"Static! Ah yes, I had almost come to miss you during my time away." Skarr smirked.

"Almost!?"

"Well, you are and have always been a river to my rock."

"A what?"

"Erosion, Static."

"What?"

"Ah, um, a salt to my snail, if you will." Skarr fumbled, trying to come up with a simpler metaphor.

"I’m still not seeing-"

"A CHEESEGRADER TO MY CHEESE." Skarr abandoned all hopes of subtly as he momentarily stooped to Static’s level to convey his point. "At any rate, your antics proved amusing, in the very least."

"Be nice, Skarr." I smiled.

"Be nice? Why Josh, I was! I even explained a metaphor that he could understand. I’m being very understanding I would think. Plus, think about all the stress I’ve gone through. Raising seven kids, flying across two continents trying to find my trainer. I could nearly faint from effort." Skarr’s words dripped with sarcasm as he dramatically fell to the floor, crumpling his wing to convey his point. "Oh, woe is me! Simply flying back to an abusive trainer who does not comprehend my struggles! My quest has been in vain, everything I have striven for in my pathetic life has been for naught!"

We all were on the floor, tears falling from our eyes as we tossed and turned with laugher. Static stood over us, continuing his mock little play, smiling along with us, and enjoying the time once again spent with friends.

*188*2013-01-23 23:45

"WAIT. Wait, wait, wait."

"What?"

"Why on earth are we walking?" Static questioned angrily. I gave him a confused glance before realizing his point. We all turned to Skarr.

"FLY!?" Skarr yelped in astonishment. "Two continents, Josh, I have flown! One cannot fathom the fatigue deep in my bones; the weariness in my very SOUL. It is truly a wonder I can even stand, let alone walk! You do be the disgrace, the ignominy of asking if I can fly you all to Celadon, simply to save you a small walk!? Is that all I am to you, a reusable method of travel?"

Long ago, these speeches would unnerve me beyond belief, and I would stumble all over myself apologizing and offering condolences for my actions. Now though, I know Skarr much better.

"Seriously?" I smirked, staring though his façade.

"Absolutely not, my liege. Shall we be off?"

"Do you need a potion first, or an elixir?"

"After all this time, and you still believe my nonsense. No, I need no sustenance for flying! My kin are born for flying, and can go months without roosting." Skarr grinned the grin I had missed for so long. "Now, my liege, shall we be off?"

###

"I missed this."

"Oh?"

"When you left, I really was scared you wouldn’t be able to return..."

"You place so little faith in me, Josh."

Wind rushed against my face, swirling though my thick orange hair. It was cold at this height, and the harsh winds didn’t help matters, but I didn’t care. This was the top of the world! Flying miles above the Earth at breakneck speeds, clutching my Skarmory for dear life as we raced around the world. If I fell, I would truly have time to think about my death before I crashed against the ground.

Of course, Skarr would catch me in time, of course. I admit, I have fallen more than once…

"I was just worried about you is all."

"Worried I should fail?"

"Can’t you just take the sentiment?"

"Never." He grinned.

The lush forest sailed by, melding with the wind in a perfect shade of green. Details were lost as Skarr pushed himself at even faster speeds. Wind tore at my clothes and stung my eyes, and I laughed at our betrayal of nature. Every human should be given the gift of flight, but if only a select few could obtain it, I felt honored to be one of the chosen few.

"Hey Skarr?"

"Yes Josh?"

"You never got around to telling me about your kids!" Despite us communicating telepathically, I couldn’t help yelling. The roar of the wind nearly deafened me, and almost all my other senses were also rendered mute.

"Oh, I’m sure you don’t wish to bore yourself with such details."

"Oh shut up and tell me!"

Skarr turned his neck and gave me a grin before returning his gaze at the clouds ahead. "Very well. Where shall I begin? We choose to name them different forms of metal. It’s a bit cliché of course, but Karliah insisted and I didn’t argue. So, the first one to hatch -- oh, I’m getting ahead of myself. Firstly, Karliah was slightly premature with our eggs. It happens, but rarely, but we were both moderately concerned. No trouble though, they hatched on time, a few hours later-"

"Hours!?"

"Yes? Don’t compare us strong sturdy Pokemon to you weak humans now, dragging out pregnancy for months and months." Skarr laughed. "The first one to hatch was of course Bronze. Despite his name, he didn’t share the same coloration as his mother, in fact, none of them did. I was a bit disappointed, but Karliah insisted it was for the best. Anyway, out of all of them, Bronze was always the most ambitious…"

Skarr went on, describing in detail the different personalities he was able to witness in each of his children. He talked about their first flight, hunt, and eventual parting. As Skarr described his last child to leave the nest, his usual casual melodramatic attitude faltered as a teary demeanor began to set in.

"…never thought he would leave, you know? He wasn’t the most agile, and it had been almost a day since the sixth -- Silver -- had left the nest. Tin was the first one born, of course, which meant he was the highest at risk for...difficulties. Usually not all in a kin make it, of course. But by sundown, he was off, flying over the ocean like it was second nature, right into the sunset, reflecting the hues of the setting star like he owned the sky…"

"That’s beautiful Skarr. Congratulations."

"T-thank you Josh. For everything. And I don’t just mean for Karliah-"

"I know, friend."

Wind spilled from Skarr’s wings as he safely made his decent to the forest’s floor. He drifted to the grass below, landing softly along the dirt trail. As soon as I stepped off, he grabbed me back in a fierce hug, which I returned just as fiercely.

When he released me, I noticed the area under his eyes appeared more polished than normal. He quickly shielded his face from view with a wing, covering himself with the stretchy red tendons.

"Skarr?"

"Sorry, t-tears…don’t suit my demeanor. Static would be relentless if he saw me in this state; give me a minute to compose myself, i-if you would. "

"You don’t need to be embarrassed in front of me, Skarr."

"I know Josh…" Skarr removed his wing, wiping his eyes clean. "Old habits, I suppose."

"You made a good father, Skarr."

"Perhaps I did." Skarr sighed, content. "Well, we still have a bit of flying before we reach Celadon. Ready to ride?"

"Yes, yes. We should invest in a saddle for you, I swear your wings are slicing right though my legs-"

"A SADDLE!? Is that all I am to you, a simple flying horse?"

We laughed, as the sun reached its Zenith in the sky, and flew off towards Celadon.

*194*2013-01-29 01:53

{{:

Wow! This would do great as like a fanfic short novel. Maybe someone can edit out all of the omo bits and post it somewhere :p

}}

(*blush* Um, already on it. Do you guys want this without the Omo too? I mean, I am doing that...I could post a link if you were interested.)

*196*2013-01-30 22:27

Okay. I'm only on the second "chapter" right now (each chapter being a bit more then 4000 words) and it updates Fridays, but after like ten or so updates, it's gonna have to catch up to the speed of my writing, so the updates will not be as quick (or not as much) thanks for the love you guys :3 I hope you enjoy

).

(Now on to regularly scheduled programming!)

(Josh POV)

…Buzzzzzz…

…Buzzzzzzzzz…

…Buzzzzzzzzzzzz…

‘Who on earth is calling me?’ I thought, flying high above the trail leading up to Celadon. This had been the third call I had received after talking with Skarr. Normally I don’t use my phone when flying because I could drop it, but considering this was the third time it buzzed in the last five minutes, I was wondering if it could be urgent.

After weighing the pros and cons with myself momentarily, I fished the phone out of my pocket, and pressed it to my ear.

“Hello?”

“Thank GOD, do you KNOW how hard it is to get a hold of you!? I’ve been calling for the past half hour-”

“S…andy?” I questioned.

“No, your other girlfriend. Which, by the way, you better not have.”

“Hah, what’s up?”

“Well, based on your texts it sounded like you were flying to Celadon.”

"Yeah, I’m gonna-” I winced as the wind blew against my face, almost knocking the phone from my hand. Skarr gave me a sheepish shrug and slowed his speed. “Yeah, I’m gonna face Erika today, why?”

“Well, I flew down to see you-”

“That’s awesome!”

“-thanks, but not why I called. It was gonna be a surprise anyway…”

“Then what’s up?” I asked, mildly concerned.

“Well, I got re-introduced to the law system down here in Celadon.” Sandy groaned.

“What!? Are you in trouble?”

“My point is-”

A piercing screech violated my ears, causing me to wince in agony. I looked down to see a guard standing by the entrance of the city, glaring at me like a tiny ant, wielding a microphone.

“SIR! BY ORDER OF THE CELADON GUARD, WE ORDER YOU TO LAND!”

“-Damn it!” Sandy cursed. “J-just do what they say!”

“What!?” I asked bewildered.

“Fixing!” I heard a subtle click as she hung up.

"What shall I do, Josh?" Skarr asked with a hint of panic in his voice.

"Um, land like the guard said, I guess." Igulped.

Skarr swooped down carefully, and landed on the dirt trail leading up to the city. Skarr regained his composure, walking briskly to the officer in question (with me still on his back) and starting though her with his sunlight, lava orange, piercing eyes.

"Do what do we owe the pleasure, my lady?"Skarr asked telepathically, with a hint of malice in his tone. The officer stood about my height, 5’11”, and had a tightly curled brown bun of hair. She wore an official officer suit, a dark navy blue, and fashioned a tight,unpleasant frown that she wore with rather dull pink lipstick.

“It is my sworn duty to protect the citizens of thiscity, whether they’re in the tunnels below, on the ground, or flying in the sky.” The officer began, arms tucked behind her in a professional manner. “Flying without using the patented technique ‘Fly’ is risky and dangerous, and if it were my decision, it would be outlawed. The reason ‘Fly’ was created was due to the fact that there were so many accidents with young trainers being reckless and getting themselves seriously injured or worse. ‘Fly’, which is given at the Celadon mall for FREE mind you and takes only minutes to teach your Pokemon,gives the trainer a protective shield similar to ‘Protect’, which prevents trainers from flying off their mounts.

“However, this precarious and hazardous activity of flying without ‘Fly’ is legal as long as you are a trainer fit to handle such a task, as proven by your Rainbow badge, given by out gym leader Erika. Present your badge to me and you may leave in…” She gritted her teeth. “…any way you see fit.”

My mind raced as cold sweat dribbled down my neck.

Youneed a badge to fly? Are you kidding me? All this time it’s been illegal? Ohshit, what am I going to tell the officer? I’ve never been arrested before! Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit…!

“Well? Do you have the badge or not, sir?” The officer gave me a stern look; her hand presented and awaiting the badge.

“Um, y-you see, officer, I don’t have my badge-”

“Right now!” A girl behind me shouted. I turned my head to see a light skinned girl with pitch black hair rushing from the gym.She wore a pink bandana around her hair, and dressed in a yellow orange, almost oriental robe. “Sorry about that Josh, just got finished polishing your Rainbow badge. There you are.”

I recognized the woman as Erika, the leader of thegrass gym. What bewildered me was that although I knew her name from my research at school, she should not have known mine. She offered the Rainbow badge to me, which I stared at in trepidation. I hadn’t earned this. It was against every policy ever set for a gym leader to hand an un-earned badge to an untested trainer.

Erika continued offering me the badge, and with no other foreseeable option, I hesitantly took the rainbow colored emblem from her palm. Satisfied, she turned to the officer.

“Is there a problem ma’am?” Erika asked kindly.

“Evidently not.” The police woman nodded curtly to Erika. She turned to me. “Sorry for the lecture, I just-” She turned away for a moment before returning her gaze to me. It looked far less professional then before, more like a disappointed mother. “…my brother was injured in a flying accident, flying bareback like you were. I don’t want further injuries to result from…this. I can’t stop you from not using ‘Fly’, but I ask as a citizen that you consider using safer methods. And if you do still ride bareback, just…please fly low.”

The officer bowed her head, obviously still grieving for her brother. Perhaps I had been a bit reckless. I made a mental note to check out ‘Fly’ before I left Celadon, but for now, I had other questions that needed addressing. The police officer walked back to her post, mind filled with presumably thoughts about her injured brother. Erika turned back to me, and motioned towards the gym.

*198*2013-02-07 20:21

(Oops, busy Wednesday guys, sorry I didn't post yesterday! Here's a longer chapter to make up for it :3)

(Nova POV)

"I believe in you, Nova. You know that."

"Me too!"

"We believe in you Nova!"

"Do not fret, I am confident in your abilities."

"T-thanks everyone."

Paws shaking with trepidation, I turned towards the arena. The gym almost looked overgrown, with floor tiles exchanged for grass, and florescent moss as natural lighting on the ceiling. Exotic flowers and plants surrounded the battlefield, some giving off odd colored lights, and others simply looking appealing. The battlefield appeared to be bathed in an otherworldly glow.

I couldn’t fail. This time more than most, because I promised Josh he could push me as hard as he pushes the others. I was weaker than them, which meant I had to work harder to prove myself.

I looked at Erika, the gym leader. She looked prepared, assured, and ready. None of the emotions I felt. Josh had faith in me, but I had none in myself. He expected me to win, which made the situation all the worse. If he expected it to be a difficult battle and I lost, it would be understandable. If he expected me to win and I lost…

I can’t lose. J-just focus on hitting them, and staying conscious.

“Ready?” Erika called out. Josh stood up, and faced her confidently.

“Absolutely.”

“Then let’s not waste any more time. Go, Ivysaur!”

“Nova, use Ember!”

“Ivysaur, Stun Spore!”

A green tank like Pokemon appeared, and growled menacingly. It looked like a bigger Bulbasaur, with the bulb on its back half open, revealing a pink flower underneath. It wielded dull but powerful looking fangs and bright red eyes. After a moment of hesitation it charged forward with a yellow mist trailing off the flower on its back.

"Dodging its next attack is more important than hitting it with yours Nova! Be careful." Josh forewarned. I took a deep breathe, feigned a dash left, and ran to the right. The Ivysaur realized my bluff to late, and stumbled on its side in an over correction of its own path. It jumped back up, but the few seconds it was on its side was enough for me to fire an ember.

"Grrah!" The Ivysaur roared, eyes squinted in fury. The billowing cloud surrounding its flower now turned from amber to a dark, foreboding purple. This time Ivysaur would expect a feint, and without another command from Josh, my mind was blank.

The Ivysaur charged. I took a deep breath.

Purple clouds exploded around me, enveloping the arena in a heavy dust. Coughing though the spores, I vaguely saw Ivysaur polluting the air with the flower on its back. With one last cough, I shot my minor flames at the heavy plant, and it collapsed in its sea of lavender ash.

Whew!

One down!

All the sudden, my vision blurred and I convulsed. My stomach turned and the room around me twisted and disoriented itself with different shades and hues. I felt sickening, and I nearly fell from dizziness.

"Woaaah! Josh, what was that!?" I yelped, once the feelings subsided.

"You’ve been poisoned. Relax."

I squeaked, then just quietly shook in place. What was Josh’s plan? How serious was the poison? I turned and gave him a concerned look, but he just nodded quietly in reply. I turned back. What would happen to me? Did the poison make me weaker, or make me less likely to win, or-

Another spell hit me, seemingly turning the floor to goo. I collapsed on the floor nauseated, trapped by the sticky pull of the green slime. I tasted the slime as it slowly engulfed me, gluing my limbs to the floor and slowly seeping its way into my mouth.

Suddenly it was over. The grass resumed its normal texture, and the ground was its typical form. I pushed myself off the ground, and looked wildly around to ensure if anyone else saw what just occurred.

"JOSH! JOSH! D-did you see the ground!? It went up, and, and, was all gooey and trapped me and-"

"RELAX. That’s an order. The poison only works when you’re active. Stand still and don’t move. Barely breathe, barely think. When she sends out her next Pokemon, only expend energy to dodge and attack."

"O-okay." I sniveled. "J…Josh?"

"Yes?"

"I…I’m scared." I barely whispered, paws clenched in front of myself.

"What you’re seeing isn’t real, and it can’t hurt you. The poison, however, can. The more often it affects you, the more damage it deals."

"O-okay." I gulped.

"And Nova?"

"Y-yes?"

"I believe in you." Josh responded. "You can do this."

Erika reached down and pulled a second pokeball out of her pockets with a satisfied smirk. She knew I was weaker now…

“Go, Vileplume!”

###

“Viiile!” The female Vileplume hissed from across the stage. Her red peddles bobbed up and down as she bounced in place in preparation for battle.

"Nova, use Ember!"

“Vileplume, use Venoshock!”

Vileplume and I both waited for the other to make a move. It occurred to me that I had no idea how ‘Venoshock’ even worked, and that my ignorance would make the attack harder to avoid. I took a deep breath.

“Vahaaaa!” She screamed as the embers burned against her skin. She recovered quickly, springing up in a sea of pedals, and gave me an icy stare. Her eyes changed from a dull red to an malicious black as her eyes never left my body.

I tried taking another deep breath, but suddenly it felt as if the stale air in my lungs was trapped inside. I couldn’t breathe. I clutched my throat in desperation, noticing in horror that my normally invisible orange veins had turned to a sickening shade of black. Looking down at myself, I saw all of the veins in my body as if they were highlighted in black, all leading up to my heart, which was encased with the foul fluid.

My body pulsed violently, sending me to my knees. The room began once again to spin, creating a vortex of colors that I knew didn’t exist here. Despite my lack of oxygen and my mind’s hallucinogenic state, I noticed the Vileplume’s stare never leaving my body.

"Let the poison consume you." She ordered, growling with malevolence.

Despite the warm atmosphere of the gym, I shivered. My body felt weak, and my mind was growing fuzzy because of the lack of air. I couldn’t attack without my embers, and this poison made me weak…

I focused my energy, and coughed as hard as I could. A vile black blob fell out of my mouth, and a rush of warm, energizing air once again filled my lungs. After gulping a few more mouthfuls of air, I stood to face my opposition.

“Char!” I shouted, breaking the silence of the room and once again showering the Vileplume in a wave of fire. The attack knocked her on her back, and her eyes resumed their normal reddish color before they closed.

“Ch….ch…chh…” I gasped. My fur resumed its normal orange color, though I could still feel the toxins pulsing though my veins.

"Nova, you’ve done extremely well. Return, and let’s get that poison looked at…" Josh spoke with a hint of concern in his voice.

"No…I don’t need to be babied…" I stubbornly replied. "I want…to be treated like the others…"

"I am, Nova. You don’t need to faint; I wouldn’t push anyone that hard. You don’t have to-"

"You expected me to win by myself. I have to…" I panted.

"...Nova, I didn’t mean-"

"Please, Josh."

“Are you ready?” Erika grinned, holding her last Pokeball. “Go, Ludicolo!”

“WOAH! That’s not in the league regulations! What are you doing?” Josh yelped.

“Yeah, well I also wasn’t supposed to get you out of that ticket, hmmm? I guess I’m just full of surprises today. Prove your salt, trainer.”

"It’s not about proving my salt, it’s about helping Nova gain confidence by facing foes he can win against." Josh thought violently, loud enough for me to hear. "Not by trying his hardest and still failing against an impossible foe!"

“Ludah! Ludah!” The Ludicolo bounced energetically. I walked to the middle of the stage, faltered, then regained my footing and continued.

"Nova…" Josh murmured. "What are you hoping to prove…?"

"That I’m not afraid anymore." A voice rose from my thoughts with a volume I didn’t recognize.

"Fainting won’t prove anything to me!"

"Which is why I don’t intend to faint."

"Nova-"

For once, his words were lost on me. My insecurities and faults washed off me like water, and all I saw before me was my foe, my prey. I no longer felt the effects of the poison under my flesh, nor the wounds from my previous battles. A circle of white fire surrounded me, engulfing me in a warm, lightened glow.

A feeling came with this power. A feeling I had never felt before…bubbled up inside of me. It was nice. It was the opposite of my inexperience, my fear, my anxiety…

...Was this what confidence felt like?

Red and blue fire mixed with the white, giving me an almost supernatural appearance. Both Josh and Erika held bewildered expressions, though to me their feelings were irrelevant. All that mattered was me and my prey.

"Be warned, child of the seas and grass…" I spoke in an ancient tongue, "For you have now kindled the wrath of the dragons…"

