Desperate Meet

Author: Guest Aaaaaa

*000*2015-05-26 02:53

Hannah was very excited for the upcomming swim meet. The city championship was always a big race. She usually had her best times there. As the last bell of the day released her from school, she walked to her car to drive to the pool, absent-mindedly sipping on water in her one liter Camelbak that she had already downed half of during her last class.

As she started driving to the meet she began to feel a slight twinge in her bladder. She figured that it was just pre-race nerves. When she pulled into the parking lot of the indoor pool, she realized as she stood up that the pressure in her bladder had become much stronger.

"Holy Shit!" She thought, "I have to stop drinkng so much water! I gotta pee REALLY bad!"

Hannah had realized that she had been needing to pee more often than usual, which worried her slightly. As she entered the complex and headed to the ladies restroom, she noticed that he line was very long. She figured that if she waited, she might wet herself. She decided to see if one of the two stalls in the locker room were open. However, when she entered the locker room, she realized with horror that they were both taken and there were three girls waiting!

" Now what am I gonna do!" She though, " If I don't go soon I'm going to lose it!"

She decided since the locker room wasn't crowded except for the line to just wait for one of the stalls to become available. There were now only two girls waiting so she figured that she would be able to make it. Hopefully.

As she stood in the short but menacing line, Hannah was now unable to hold it in without showing any outward signs of desperation. Her jeans that once felt her so well were pressing very hard against her strained bladder. She wished that she had just stripped into her bra and panties before getting in line as it would have easily eased some of the tension in her bladder. She decided against it though because although she was by no means fat, she had gained a delete pounds and was not the very skinny girl that most of the other swimmers were. It had its perks, like making her tits much bigger, but it also made her jeans feel much tighter. A sudden spasm hit her bladder and she was forced to give her crotch a quick squeeze. It felt sooo good, but she had to stop before anyone noticed.

"Ohh I hope they finish going soon, I can't hold on much longer!"

To her joy, both stalls flushed at once and the girls in front of her went in. With both people in front of her gone, and the locker room being empty, she decided to take the opportunity to strip herself of her jeans and t shirt. It felt sooo good to give her now completely full bladder a little room to breathe. She then decided to just put on her suit, as her bulging bladder made her look bigger than she actually was, making her feel self concious. As she tried to slip into her suit without peeing all over the floor, another spasm hit her and she was forced to grab her crotch with both hands to stop herself from letting go. Once it passed, she quickly pulled her suit over her large breasts and placed a hand back into her crotch and double crossed her legs. She was on the limit and was praying that nobody would enter and see her in such an embarrassing state. She then heard a stall flush to her joy and prepared to enter by letting go of her throbbing pussy.

She thought that she had finally found sweet relief but the girl in the stall seemed to be having trouble getting the lock undone.

" I think it's jammed" she said.

" Oh no are you sure! I really have to go!" Hannah exclaimed, making no attempt so be subltle now as her hands returned to he crotch.

" Here it's fine I'll just crawl knee the girl said.

" Oh thank you soooo much!" Hannah said.

As the girl crawled under Hannah crawled under to finally release the massive flood that she was barley holding back. As she stuck one hand inside of her swimsuit to grab her crotch while she pulled the rest down with the other she heard the other toilet flush which almost caused her to lose control. But she fought it back and finally got her suit pulled down, releasing her massive flood into the toilet in the process.

" oh my god that feels SO much better" she said to herself.

As she pulled her suit over her body she walked out of the room and went with her team to prepare to warm up. Before she got in the pool however, she guzzles down a medium sized Powerade from the team's cooler to help give her energy for the race.

" At least my bladder is empty now. I shouldn't have to go until after the race!" She thought to herself as she jumped in the pool. If only she knew how wrong she was.

To be continued...

