School trip on a very special cruise - Page 2

Author: OmoNeon

*029*2022-11-20 16:00

{{1 hour ago, Rinatro said:

This series is great so far! Some simple thoughts so far:

Love the relationship between Chloe and Luna so far. Would love to see how these two adorkable individuals grow closer.

Emma/Billy took the situation real well. Billy did a great job covering for her. Its a shame her mom put her in that situation, but you got to emphathise with how difficuly it would be to parent in that situation. Hopefully they don't get mad at Emma during the trip

I gotta admit, the Karen bit was funny. Got chuckles the first time, I figured it would be a throwaway line so the second and third times she came up were gold.

The Good Doctor sure is eccentric. I guess you have to be to cure the entire world of all disease in one shot. At that point, you can be as crazy as you want. All this tech is totally nanobots.

Keep up the good work and I can't wait for the next one ðŸ™‚

}}

Love reading your thoughts, i'm glad to see how it gets perceived as i was aiming for exactly this reaction ðŸ˜„

*031*2022-11-22 02:22

Chapter 7

(7 already? holy)

______________________________________________

They quickly packed their stuff and said their goodbyes to the others as they split because their rooms were on different floors.

People were drumming to get inside and to the elevators, which Luna and Chloe quickly noticed wasn't an option as too many people were trying to get on, they quickly realised even the staircase was tiny and slow, they quickly made a new plan to go along the deck and to the other side of the ship and take an elevator there which probably had no people on.

Luna and Chloe walked along the side deck towards the front of the ship, in the chilly night. It was quite nice to see the moon and stars reflect off of the sea water, the peace and quiet made everything feel mysterious even. Luna could feel her bladder fill at an alarming rate while walking, making her wonder if she even had a chance of making it to the elevators, let alone their room which was still a while to go. Luna started to hold her crotch now and she noticed Chloe was doing the same.

"I don't think i'm gonna make it at this rate" Chloe said in a worried tone.

"You won't be the only one i think" Luna confirming her own desperation.

They got to the end of the side deck and in front of them they could see the entirety of the lower front decks spreading out before them, under the moonlight it looked even more impressive than in the sunlight during the day.

"The low deck looks amazing to explore during the night, will be for another time because i'm about to piss myself" Chloe said in a worried tone while squirming,

As Chloe started walking towards the entrance, to go and find the elevator inside the ship she noticed Luna had slowed down and fell behind. She turned around to see what kept her.

Luna's heartbeat increased as an idea had popped up in her head, thanks to the alcohol she felt more daring than her usual self which was perfect for this situation.

"Remember what that couple said today in the steambath?" Luna asked,

"huh? Oh... when they can't find a toilet when they're really desperate they'll just accept it and wet themselves?" Chloe recalled the steambath conversation, as she suddenly understood Luna's idea ,"There can't be many people awake and walking around the ship at this hour"

"You're wearing black jeans, so it won't be very noticable even if people saw you" Luna added

"Your dark blue jeans will show, but it shouldn't be too obvious." Chloe was thinking out loud.

They both stood there for a few more seconds overthinking the idea.

Luna broke the silence, "So... you wanted to go check out the lower decks right?"

"Oh god that means actually having an accident? Although...It probably won't matter as i'm never gonna make it to our room anyway." Chloe suddenly said in a shaky voice, "Fine, lets go" they walked away from the door and unto the stairs that leads down to the lower decks. Luna had stopped holding her crotch as there was no reason to, she had accepted that she was gonna have an accident. Chloe still seemed to try and hold on even if an accident was imminent.

As Luna got to the bottom of the stairs she could feel herself about to leak in her pants, she didn't fight it though as seconds later she could feel her panties get wet.

Her heart was beating like crazy as she intended to piss her pants any second from now, and it was making her feel warm and fuzzy on the inside, even though they were outside in the chilly night air,

"I leaked a bit" Luna announced while they were still walking,

Chloe gasped, "And i spurted in my pants" She said with some panic in her voice.

Hearing that Chloe must now have damp panties at the very least, Luna relaxed a little and let out another leak, wetting her panties further.

"Hey it's fine don't worry about it, just let out another spurt it's gonna feel good" Luna said carefree, while getting aroused by all this, Luna let out another spurt herself.

"Wait, you mean on purpose?" Chloe asked,

"Yea, there's no point in holding, we're gonna end up wetting ourselves sooner or later anyway." Luna turned around to face Chloe now as they stopped walking. "Like this"

Luna relaxed her bladder without hesitation, her stream came out immediately making a hissing sound paired with the familiar feeling of wet warmth in her crotch soaking into her pants and quickly starting to pool around her pussy, when she could feel her butt getting wet, she let out a soft moan and almost reluctantly she stopped her stream. She wanted to savor the moment longer as a shiver went over her spine. After all, the last time she had actually fully wet her pants and not just her bikini or leggings was all the way back when she was little and building that snowman, and pissing her jeans felt so much better than her earlier wettings.

She could feel the remainder of her pee slowly soaking downwards to her knees as Chloe let out a gasp,

"Holy shit, and you claim i'm the bold one, i could even hear it go in your pants" Chloe said with an intrigued tone.

"Well i think those cocktails are helping me a bit to be honest" She was surprised herself she had done that.

It hadn't escaped Luna's attention that Chloe sounded more intrigued than anything else, at least she wasn't disgusted by it she thought.

"Just try it, it feels good." Luna tried convincing Chloe, "Remember on the train? You also said it felt nice."

"I don't like to admit it but yea it's true, once i let it go it did feel kind of good",Chloe let out a sigh, "Fine, i trust you, again it's not like i have a choice"

She parted her legs a little, Luna could just barily see the tiny wet spot from her earlier spurt in the shallow moonlight, but a few seconds later she saw it expand quite a bit.

Chloe let out a small gasp, but just seconds later Luna could see it expand even more as Chloe let out another spurt, or more like a stream she realised as her crotch started to glisten with wetness. The expression of relief plastered on her face,

"Ok you were right, this does feel good"

To Luna's surprise Chloe didn't stop her stream, the wet patch kept growing and started to go down her thighs now as well and Luna could start hearing an all too familiar hissing sound as she saw her friend releasing her bladder in her pants. Luna couldn't help getting turned on by seeing Chloe soak her jeans in front of her, she was biting her lower lip a bit as she saw drops falling down as well as glistening pee cascading down her legs and pooling around her feet.

"eek it's getting in my shoes" Chloe said while they both started laughing,

Luna was still laughing while saying, "Holy shit you're actually going all the way!"

"oh shit, shit, i Can't believe i'm pissing my jeans." Chloe admitted while snickering.

After a few more seconds Luna could hear Her stream subside and stop, as Chloe was checking the damage on her pants now.

"My pants are completely soaked" Chloe turned around to show her back, "oh look, i think even my butt got wet"

Luna could see how there was indeed a big wet patch, her butt looked so damn hot in soaked jeans she thought, she was reluctant to admit it, but she knew there was a high probability her panties weren't only wet with pee by now.

After Chloe was done with checking the state her pants were in Luna felt like releasing the rest of her bladder. So she did without a second thought.

She parted her legs and immediately she let a warm stream go in her panties, starting to rewarm her pants as they had started to cool down.

"Hope you don't mind if i finish, I still really need to pee" Luna said while she could already feel streaks of pee going down her inner thighs.

She was further soaking her jeans now and was in total bliss, she could see how Chloe was looking intently down at her pants as they were getting more and more soaked, she could hear some droplets splattering on the ground in her own puddle she was making. While she also started to feel her socks and shoes getting wet, she didn't care though as she just relaxed and savored the moment. She was beaming with content.

"Oh wow, i can see your pants shine from the wetness" Chloe laughed,

Luna could feel herself starting to blush

"Omg are you still peeing?" Chloe sounded fascinated, "Aren't you done yet?"

"Almost, and... ok i'm done" as she let out the last few drops into her soaked panties with a loud sigh

Luna couldn't believe she had just fully pissed herself right in front of her friend, who had intently been watching her while doing it. Luna didn't feel embarrassed though, instead she had a nice warm and fuzzy feeling in her stomach.

"Damn that felt good" Luna said relieved.

"Ok, this was pretty crazy" Chloe added

Luna giggled, "But was it a good kind of crazy?" she asked.

"Definitely the good kind of crazy" Chloe answered with a smile.

"Want to explore the rest?" As Luna started walking further unto the front decks.

They casually strolled around the deck, there wasn't much to do as everything was closed off and empty, but still the eery atmosphere made it interesting. They also noticed they weren't completely alone, here and there they met other people who were taking a late night walk. They weren't worried about people seeing them as it should be near impossible for anyone to see their pants were wet, unless they really came close to them, which they didn't.

"It's so peaceful and quiet right now, in comparison to the loud and wild during the day" Luna said,

"Remember when Emma peed her pants at the shop in the train?" Chloe asked out of nowhere, "When we were eating at the table."

"Um, yea i remember, why?" Luna asked confused.

"You said something about having an accident when you were little, in your snowpants" Chloe recalled, "But it wasn't technically an accident you said, but then you suddenly changed the topic, remember?"

"Um... vaguely" Luna lied, she had a good idea where this was going.

"hmmm, i'm just making a wild guess here, but did you pee your snowpants on purpose back then?" Chloe asked with a mischievous smile, "Just a hunch"

Luna panicked a little at this point, Chloe was on to her, this was her little secret that she was intending to take with her in her grave, of course having both pissed their pants earlier, suddenly made her secret a lot less weird. Luna didn't know what to say.

"Hey it's fine, you can tell me, i want to hear the full story." Chloe said confidently,

Luna gave in, she trusted her, "Fine, yea i peed my pants on purpose, i just... felt like trying it out i guess" she told what had happened that day at the bungalow in the forest and how she got away with wetting her snowpants and admitted how she liked the feeling of wetting her pants. During her story telling they walked up to the railing and were leaning unto it while gazing at the sea.

"I never did it again though, until getting on that train." Luna ended her story

"Haha that's kind of cool" Chloe said with her trademark smile, "I never actually thought of trying that myself but i think i get it though, i'll be honest, it did feel pretty good earlier."

Luna couldn't believe what she was hearing, she had told her secret to someone, she had always thought it was dirty and super weird. Yet Chloe called it 'cool', maybe she wasn't as weird as she had always thought.

"um, also, what i still wanted to say" Chloe got really uncomfortable suddenly, "About what happened in the hottub earlier, i um..."

"Are you still going on about that? I told you it's fine" Luna said surprised,

Chloe let her head hang a little, "I really thought you were pissed, pun intended"

Luna grinned a bit, "Don't feel bad about it ok"

"It's probably stupid to think that, but for a second i just thought that i might lose you as a friend" Chloe said in a serious tone, "You mean a lot to me, and if i'm honest, you've been the best thing to happen to me in a long time."

Luna was shocked at this sudden reveal, "First of all you won't lose me." Luna wondered what she would say if she knew she was falling for her in the last few days, "And what happened before that was so bad?"

Now she got really curious as Chloe switched schools in her last year to come to hers, she had never asked about it as she had never talked about it. But usually you don't just switch schools for your last year unless something bad happens.

"nothing" Chloe said, still with her head hanging low and looking away from Luna. "I'm just happy i met you."

"Hey i told you my secret, now it's your turn." Luna tried, "Don't worry, you can tell me, and i promise you, you won't lose me." she said the last part confidently.

After a long pause Chloe started talking, "I didn't really belong on my last school," She shrugged, "And i guess i got bullied."

Luna realised it was the last part that was actually the problem. Chloe started talking about her problems on her previous school and how she got bullied over and over again.

At some point one of her classmates had brought a lock to school and locked her bike to a flag pole at her school. She had no way to undo it so she had to walk home all the way.

"Didn't you tell your parents at some point?" Luna said as she was getting carried away.

Chloe started to get tears in her eyes as she continued "I tried but they didn't care, they're too busy with their own stuff. Of course because i came home without my bike that one time i had to tell them what had happened and then they even got angry with me, they blamed me for it."

Luna saw Chloe starting to silently cry now.

"My parents went to the school to go complain to the principal and get my bike back, of course the school 'tried' to make them stop bullying me... obviously that made things so much worse, i even lost the few friends that i had."

"It went from bad to worse, my life always seems to go from bad to worse... it got to the point i didn't even make my tests anymore and started to skip school, of course my parents found that out... and well..." She was sobbing at this point. "They even brought me to a specialist as if i was the problem in all of this, at least he listened to what i said and he advised my parents to switch me to another school."

Luna had heard Chloe often complain about her parents before, they were always too busy with their work, she had been at her house once before but it had seemed like Chloe wanted to leave as fast as possible when she arrived, her house was big, modern and very expensive looking. She also had the latest flagship android phone and Luna had felt a bit intimidated by how wealthy her family was. Not that she ever came anything short from her own home, but compared to Chloe's house it looked small and old, because of the big contrast between them Luna was a bit intimidated of inviting her to her house.

She now realised she had been so wrong about her, she didn't have everything she wanted at all. More like the opposite.

Chloe wiped off her tears as she continued, "And then i had my first day on your school, i guess i was looking forward to a new start but in all honesty, i was so broken on the inside. But then you just came up to me and you hung out with the new girl." A smile started to form on her face as she looked at Luna now for the first time, Luna could see her eyes sparkling.

Luna went in and gave her a hug while saying, "Well i thought the new girl looked kinda cool."

Luna continued, "Before you came, my school was pretty boring as well not gonna lie, not that i didn't have friends or anything but... you know, you're also the best thing that has happened to me in a while if i think about it." Luna said truthfully as she let go of Chloe.

"Thanks" Chloe said, "Not that i want to abruptly change the topic, but i'm getting really cold, and my wet pants have gotten ice cold thanks to the wind".

"Good point, lets go" Luna said as they started walking back.

After walking halfway over the deck Luna asked shyly "But... just to be clear, it doesn't weird you out when i peed in my pants earlier?"

"How would i be weirded out about it if i did it myself" Chloe laughed,

"You know what i mean." Luna said shyly

"It's totally fine, i don't mind, and i'll keep your secret safe." Chloe said the last part with a wink.

Luna slowed down a bit,

"Well in that case, i know a neat little trick to warm your pants back up." Luna said while winking back.

Her bladder had gotten full again thanks to all the cocktails they have had earlier paired with the effects of the drug. While slow walking she relaxed her bladder and she could feel her pee slowly come out and warm up her crotch,

Chloe looked at Luna now, slightly confused what she meant at first, until she noticed Luna's crotch area was turning shiny in the moonlight,

"Hold up, you're peeing again? Does that really warm you up again?" Chloe asked wondering,

"Yea it really does" as she stopped walking, she stood with her legs closed now as she continued emptying her bladder, this way more of her jeans is getting wet but that meant more warmth. Although her shoes were getting a serious soaking now.

Chloe was now standing in front of her, copying Luna with her legs closed, while Luna was still soaking her own pants she could see Chloe's crotch was starting to glisten now as well.

"Omg it does feel nice and warm" Chloe said,

Luna giggled a little bit as she saw the expression on Chloe's face, showing her relief with her mouth hanging half open.

Luna's stream subsided, she felt warm and fuzzy again.

"Oh damn that felt great" Luna said with a long sigh,

"Hold on i'm still going." Chloe said "... Alright now i'm done, all warmed up again, lets go!"

They both started laughing at the weirdness of it all, as they started walking they could now hear the squelching from their shoes making them both laugh even harder.

They made their way back into the ship and into the warmth, now on to the elevator they thought. As they came back into the light they had made a serious misscalculation on their part. Luna her dark blue jeans was a lot more visibly wet than they had predicted. On top of that Chloe her black jeans weren't completely black, they were a bit faded but this made it also very visible what she had done. It's too late now anyway as they made their way through the ship with soaked jeans.

They almost got seen a couple of times by people seemingly coming back from parties here and there but it wasn't that far anymore as they were already at the right side of the ship.

"Seemed like the toilets stayed open on this side of the ship" Chloe pointed out, "or rather were open until recently"

They got to the elevator and got in it without being seen, pressed down towards their own floor when just as the doors wanted to close another woman jumps in, she was wearing tight faded jeans with a black top.

"Mind if i tag along? I really need to pee." She was squirming and holding her hands in her crotch, Luna also noticed she was quite drunk, "Why are these damn elevators so slow..."

It's only when the doors started closing that she noticed Luna and Chloe's soaked jeans,

"Oh you girls didn't make it or what?" the woman asked,

"Kind of" Luna said casually, there was nothing they could do about this situation as they were locked in with her nowhere to go, no point in trying to cover it up.

"We knew we weren't gonna make it so we just decided to piss ourselves, to be honest it felt kinda good." Chloe said in an even more casual way.

"Honestly you two have a good point, i'm not gonna make it either as i still have a while to walk." She said just as casually as them, she stopped holding her crotch and leaned back against the side of the elevator while spreading her legs. They saw her close her eyes and relax, letting out a loud "aaaaaaah" while they heard a loud hissing noise.

Immediately they saw streams of pee going down from her pants onto the carpet with a wet patch quickly spreading as she fully relieved herself in her pants.

"Omg this feels amazing." as she let out a loud moan.

"I know right, just let it out girl!' Luna and Chloe laughed.

The woman was still peeing by the time the elevator stopped at her floor, she stood up straight now waiting for the doors to open. She drunkenly turned around to the girls and said,

"It's ok, i would've pissed my pants anyway" She paused a little bit, they could still hear her relieving herself in her pants although the sound was starting to fade "Ok... and now i'm done peeing, have a good night you two." Just as the elevator doors went open.

She left the elevator leaving a trail of drops behind her with a large dark wet patch on the carpet in the elevator.

When the doors closed again Chloe and Luna bursted out in laughing.

"Guess we're not the only ones that decided to just let it go" Chloe said relieved.

They got to their room without bumping into anyone else, even if they enjoyed their wet adventure on the deck, they didn't like the idea of being seen in soaked jeans.

Chloe yawned loudly while stretching, Luna felt like she just wanted to drop on the bed right there and sleep. They were spent. It was really late by now and a lot had happened in the last few hours.

"Do you want to shower first or shall i?" Chloe asked tiredly,

Luna thought for a few seconds before saying, "I think i'm just gonna change into my pajama's and sleep, and shower in the morning if you don't mind, i know it's kind of weird after pissing in my pants several times but i'm spent."

"Don't worry i get it, at least the toilet is open now, with how those drinks from earlier are going straight trough me we might need it during the night." Chloe pointed out. "Although i could really use some quality sleep right now, not like last night when we kept waking up to go pee."

"It's gonna be so much worse now after a night of drinking" Luna pointed out,

"I know... anyway i'm gonna go take a quick shower, and i'm definitely not hurrying to get my stuff just so i can pee in the shower!" she said sarcasticly while doing a bit of a potty dance. She was clearly intending to go pee in the shower.

"Just pee your pants silly, they're wet anyway." Luna laughed, "At least that's what i was planning to do, you don't mind right?"

Chloe looked a bit sheepishly,"Yea ok, i'm stupid, i'm not used to peeing my pants like you ok." Chloe laughed as well.

"Hey i never said i'm used to doing it!" Luna fought back,

Meanwhile Chloe was taking off her shoes ,"Also... Luna... jeez, stop asking if it's ok. Just pee in your pants already, i don't mind." Chloe said while pretending to be annoyed.

Chloe spread her feet apart as immediately a hissing sound could be heard, she blatantly started rewetting her jeans in the middle of the room. Luna's heart skipped a beat hearing how Chloe seemed to be totally fine with her kink, but even better, she was enjoying it as well. Luna quickly followed Chloe's lead and relaxed as she started rewetting her own jeans for the 3rd time today.

Chloe ended up skipping the shower as well in the end as they both put on their pajamas and went to bed, immediately falling into a deep sleep.

________________________________________

Next chapter will focus on Emma and Billy

*034*2022-11-23 23:27

{{17 minutes ago, Omo-G said:

Interesting seeing that the focus will be shifting around a bit.

Seeing the Karen in the last chapter kind of makes me hope she's a recurring gag, constantly making excuses and maybe culminating with an accident she can't hide.

}}

I can tell you already she'll be a recurring gag, not too frequently though and (i think) it'll be pretty hard to predict when she does ðŸ˜„

*036*2022-11-25 03:03

Chapter 8 (this one and next chapter will focus on Emma and Billy)

_______________________________________

On the first day Emma and Billy had gone around the ship with their parents, ofcourse the activities they did weren't all that interesting. Ok the Aquatic show was pretty epic (It was just barily short enough and with enough pauses to not piss themselves), but besides that they had seen so much cool stuff that they wanted to try but couldn't yet as they were walking around with their parents. Emma and Billy were dying to check out the VR and Arcade sections for example.

On the second day at Lunch their parents had agreed they could go and explore the ship with just the two of them, so they happily started to explore once they were done eating.

They tried out the VR which was super cool, it supported multiplayer as well which started out to be super fun! Although they quickly stumbled on one annoying problem, they had already drunk quite a lot before starting the VR session and both had to pee every half an hour or so because of the effect of the drug. By the time they both got through the tutorial and accustomed to the controls they had to pee pretty badly already. Halfway through the first level of shooting zombie waves they had to pause and go find themselves a toilet.

Which they noticed wasn't as easy as the day before, both were getting pretty desperate as the first one they found was closed with a red light above it.

"Great" Billy sighed. "Ok lets hurry up and find another one with a green light."

They speedwalked further looking out for the next toilet, as they quickly found another one, and this time with a green light! They quickly hurried towards it and got in line, just 2 people in front, one person goes in and the light suddenly switches to red, locking the entrance.

"Are you fucking kidding me right now!" Billy almost yelled, "What is this timing even?"

"I don't know how much longer i'll be able to hold" Emma said squirmish, "My bladder hurts"

"Just... hold on a little longer, lets check next toilet" Billy said while checking on his phone, they had an app with a whole map of the ship with the layout, toilets included. But of course they don't show if they're red or green.

They hurried to the next one, and to their relief it was still green but with a small line for the women.

Billy apologized to Emma for leaving her in the line and went inside. Now Emma was standing alone in the line with her hands in her crotch squirming, she really was close to her limit.

Since they had the first closed toilet and went looking for another one Emma had been thinking about what Chloe, Luna and her brother had said back in the train and the little food shop. "If your bladder starts to feel uncomfortable or even hurt, just let go", And oh boy did she want to let it go in her grey sweatpants shorts. Ofcourse she knew that their advice had been for when she was inevitably gonna wet herself, but now she was only meters away from a toilet.

She was thinking of putting on her dress this morning, so if she happened to pee her panties it wouldn't be noticable for her parents. But she knew the possibility was high they would try out the climbing wall on the ship's deck, so she went with the light fabric shorts instead.

Two more people in front of her.

She was trying to hold as best as she could, she couldn't pee herself here, it would be way too embarrassing. In the train it was different, there was simply no way out, unless she had dropped her pants and squatted but she absolutely hated that idea, especially with that many people around, she felt too exposed. A few years ago she had gone on vacation where they went exploring in the nature, she got really desperate then and her parents told her to just drop her pants and squat but she refused. Even when they went far away from any onlookers she couldn't do it, she was really shy about it for some reason. They got lucky finding a cafÃ© where they could use the toilet. She remembered she had gotten to her absolute limit back then which also made her bladder ache afterwards.

With the comforting of the others, peeing in her pants on the train wasn't nearly as bad as she had imagined, the last one she honestly had really enjoyed.

Another reason she absolutely couldn't pee in her pants right now is that during lunch her parents had hammered on Billy that he needed to take care of her and her bathroom needs so she wouldn't get another 'accident'. And she had heard Billy promise that, so for his sake she can't have an accident right now.

One more person in front of her, when suddenly the woman before her turns around and tells her she doesn't need to pee that badly and she can go in front of her. She thanked her profusely as just someone else exits so she immediately runs in, gets into a cubicle, yanked her pants down and drops on the toilet as she finally relieved herself and her torrent of pee unleashed in the toilet.

Emma was impressed with herself not having an accident in this situation, she normally never has accidents but still, this one was really close. She hadn't peed in her pants yet since entering the ship, well... except when they had just boarded the ship.

_____________________________________

They had just boarded the ship and gone through the check in. (it took longer because by bad luck they had chosen the line where a Karen was complaining for several minutes)

Emma's dad and Billy didn't need to pee as they had picked out a tree outside before bordering on the ship, but she and her mother needed to pee pretty badly, especially her mother. She was already squirming in the waiting line absolutely cursing the Karen for making it longer than need to be.

Emma was starting to wonder if she would see her own mother have an accident soon, she wasn't very worried about her own predicament though, even if she needed to pee pretty bad. She was still wearing her pink sweatpants that she had peed in previously. They still had the stain from the two previous wettings, although they had faded quite a bit by now, the stain from her first wetting a bit more than the last one. She also wasn't too embarrassed about the state of her pants as between all the people she could see, she noticed there was quite a good amount of people that visibly had accidents.

Lets be honest, her pants had already endured two full wettings so a little bit of extra pee in them wouldn't matter at this point she thought. So Emma was cheeky and released a spurt in her pants every few minutes, she had to concentrate not to release too much as it would be noticable, but this way she could reduce the pressure on her bladder a bit. And most of all, she was enjoying the small spurts of liquid warmth, even though her pants had dried quite a bit on the walk to the ship they were still moist anyway.

They finally made their way to their room, her mom had said she was gonna go on the toilet in the room so they hadn't looked for one on the way there, but right now she looked like she could lose control any second.

When they finally entered their room her mom saw to her absolute horror that the toilet was seperate and closed with a red light on the top.

"You can't be serious right now, how is the toilet in the room off limits?!" She was franticly looking around for an answer to her imminent accident, there was the shower of course.

Her mom came to that conclusion but it was too late, Emma could see how there were drops falling down from under her dress and streams going down her legs as she had lost control. She ran into the bathroom to go stand in the shower with her husband following her to see if he could help.

"I still need to pee as well!" Emma shouted after them.

She got completely ignored however, Emma didn't see the rest but she assumed her mom completely soaked her panties.

Emma and Billy looked at each other, they had just seen their mother have a full on accident in front of them and that was definitely new for them. As their parents were busy in the bathroom Emma and Billy started to check out the room, it was a room specifically for families with kids. Billy noticed the pamflet and read it out loud so his sister could hear it as well. Emma her interest peaked when Billy read the part about the bed having the same system in build as the seats in the train.

"Neat, we have a seperate room?" Emma said as she entered the small bedroom with 2 beds.

Emma dragged her luggage into the room and put it on her bed as she started to unpack her own suitcase, Billy did the same.

Emma's own need to pee immediately came back now that she was standing still, she went over the situation in her head. The toilet is a no go... there's a shower she could technically pee in but that's obviously being used by her own mother who peed herself (a grin came on her face thinking about it) and of course, she could further pee her sweatpants...

Her heart started beating faster as she came to the logical conclusion that her pants were the best option. Just when she thought that Billy spoke up.

"Hey didn't you need to pee as well? you must be pretty desperate?" Billy asked,

"Yes i'm bursting." She answered, a little bit shy she continued, "I'm wondering if i should just pee in my pants again, and i just hope our parents don't get mad"

Billy could see her sad puppy eyes when she said the last part (he knew she was good at the sad puppy eyes). As he also thought about the situation.

"Honestly i think peeing your pants is not that bad of an option considering everything, they're still wet anyway i imagine? If you don't mind it at least."

Emma shrugged "I've pissed these pants two times by now, why would i care if i do it again?"

Billy glanced at Emma's pants, "Doesn't look like that's two times sis, there's a darker shade of pink there, pretty sure that's not from the train ride" he laughed as he knew he had caught his sister.

Emma laughed as well, she knew she was caught red handed but she wasn't bothered by it, it was fine because she knew her brother wouldn't sell her out to her parents.

"It's ok if you want to go in your pants, shower will be occupied for a bit longer i think but i'm not sure what mom and dad are gonna say though, i'll tell them you couldn't hold it anymore and had an accident." Billy reassured her.

Emma didn't need more reassuring then that as she really was bursting to pee, and right now she actually didn't mind going in her pants, they were wet anyway, she might as well enjoy it.

She relaxed and immediately let out a spurt enjoying the feeling once more, she had noticed that letting out spurts of pee in her pants like this was fun as well instead of letting everything out at once.

She continued unpacking her suitcase, she grabbed her favorite sweatpants that she had brought, they were red with Superdry on the side in white colors. She put it in the little closet behind her, meanwhile letting out another spurt in her panties.

Next she went for some socks as she squatted and put those in the drawer under her bed, she let out another spurt. She could feel her pee linger a bit before soaking down to her butt like this, she was surprised how good it felt.

She got back up and took some tshirts out to put in the closet, she let out another spurt, she felt a streak of pee run down her thighs now. She was really enjoying this little game she was playing.

She went for her panties now and decided for the other drawer under her bed. She squatted again and let out a much longer spurt, a wave of pleasure went over her as she felt her pee run downwards. She loved this stance! She let out another big spurt while still squatting, wetting her pants even further, she looked down as she saw some drops falling down from her butt on the carpet. She could feel the back of her pants were getting soaked, and she loved it!

She got back up, quickly grabbed the remainder of her socks and panties and squatted again, she released a stream of pee into her pants and she could feel it spread and run down to her butt, she saw how it started to drip on the carpet, turning into a dribble and into a stream as she was fully wetting herself now while still squatting. The warmth and wetness were bliss, she was beaming with content feeling her pee run down and making a puddle on the carpet.

Halfway emptying her bladder she remembered she also wanted to feel again how it had felt on the train in the shop, she had realled liked how it felt running down her legs while standing up.

She stood up without a second thought, her pee started to run down her legs now. While still mid stream she continued to unpack, taking her two sets of pajamas placing one on her bed for later and the other one behind her in the closet. She saw how the old faded pee stain was getting replaced by fresh wetness as her pants were getting thoroughly soaked again. She could feel how her socks and shoes were getting wet now, she didn't mind though, they were still moist from when she had wet herself while standing in the train anyway.

Emma was feeling pure bliss the entire time but felt a sting of disappointment when she could feel her stream subside as this was the signal to the end of her wet adventure. While she was letting out the last few drops she started to inspect the damage on her pants, and ofcourse as expected she was completely soaked, she knew it wasn't allowed what she had just done, especially because she had done it on purpose but yet she didn't feel any remorse as it had felt amazing! This was now the 4th time today that she had wet her pants, she almost giggled thinking how this had been her favorite wetting so far.

Meanwhile Billy had been unpacking his own suitcase on his bed on the other side of the little room. He could see how his little sister was peeing herself, obviously he knew she was doing it on purpose, which he personally didn't mind, but he also noticed how she got completely absorbed in her little game she played. He could see how she was unpacking her suitcase while her pants were getting more and more soaked, she turned around to put her pajamas in her closet and he could see how her butt was completely soaked while pee was still running down her thighs. She had definitely enjoyed it.

Just as Emma had finished a few seconds later their dad came into the room, Emma switched to her sad puppy face in the blink of an eye.

"Emma, did you pee yourself again?!" Her dad sounded dissappointed,

"I'm sorry i really needed to pee before but then mom had her accident and there was no toilet..." Emma stammered,

They briefly argued for a moment when Billy chimed in like a true teenager disagreeing with his dad,

"Seriously what was she supposed to do? Even mom had an accident, there's no toilet and the shower was occupied, she had an accident just like mom." Billy explained,

Their dad calmed down quite quickly, "Ok i'm sorry, i should've done something when i heard you shout." Their father said apologetic, "You don't have to feel bad about it, Mom is done with the shower so you can go next"

Emma nodded, still with sad puppy eyes she took some fresh panties and pants and went to the shower.

She was starting to really enjoy her new found naughty game and was secretely hoping she was gonna get more chances to experiment with it.

________________________________________

Emma's stream finally subsided while sitting on the toilet, her bladder was aching from the holding. She didn't like the feeling as she felt like she had hurt her bladder doing so. She couldn't help but think how much better it would've felt if she had just let go in her pants on purpose. She thought back on her last wetting that she had enjoyed so much, that's been over a full day ago by now she realised.

She wiped and pulled up her pants, she exited her cubicle and while washing her hands she was pondering over some things.

- Her brother, Luna and Chloe were right, holding for too long can hurt your bladder and it feels bad, she had found out that letting go in your pants on purpose felt way better.

- She's shy and it's really embarrassing if other people would see her wet pants, and definitely if they would catch her in the act. Although it's not that embarassing if other people around her have or had accidents as well.

- Her brother doesn't seem to be too bothered with her wettings, as long as it's within reason. He probably wouldn't be as understanding if she would do it fully on purpose however.

- And last but not least... she realised she loves the feeling of peeing in her clothes.

She was done washing her hands and she started walking towards the exit as she could still feel her bladder ache. In the moment Emma decided she didn't want to let herself get this desperate anymore... and next time it would happen, she would seriously consider to just let go in her pants on purpose.

And enjoy it...

___________________________________

As always, feedback is appreciated ðŸ˜„

*039*2022-11-26 22:42

{{5 hours ago, Mickpick98342 said:

Will billy have an accident? And Or Emma have a not so accident but more on purpose again?

}}

The end of the last chapter should give you a pretty good idea to the question if Emma is gonna wet herself on purpose or not.

Spoiler for Billy:

Spoiler

Billy can easily avoid wetting himself cuz he's a guy so probably no accidents, he will wet himself on purpose at some point though, i think it'll be in next chapter, or the one after that. He's more neutral about it though, doesn't like it but doesn't hate it either.

*040*2022-11-28 00:14

Chapter 9

Emma exited the toilets and walked to Billy who was waiting for her, she was pretty proud of her accomplishment knowing she came very close to having a real accident.

"Not gonna lie that was pretty close, but i made it!" Emma said beaming, "My bladder feels sore from holding so long though"

Emma noticed how he scanned her pants for any signs of wetness.

"Hey i managed to hold it i said!" she said while pouting, "I didn't wet myself!"

Emma felt a little bit irritated that Billy seemed to expect that she would've wet herself.

"Yea but who peed her pants 4 times yesterday? Hey i'm sorry, i didn't mean it like that! i'm just impressed you managed to hold it." Billy said apologetic, "I also noticed yesterday that you didn't seem bothered letting go in your pants so i half assumed that you would just give up and wet yourself."

"I heard your promise to mom and dad so i tried to hold it as best as i could because if i had an accident they would be furious with you" Emma said truthfully, "I don't want you to get in trouble because of me."

"hahaha, that's really nice of you i appreciate that, but you don't have to worry about me." Billy reassured Emma as they started walking again in the direction of the VR section they had came from when they started looking for a toilet.

"Also it would be super embarrassing to actually have an accident, on the train it was inevitable but so it was for all the other girls and women as well. So in the end i realized there's nothing to be embarrassed about as everyone had accidents." Emma started laughing, "Even mom!"

They walked around the corner and got surprised by the sight they saw, there was a big flower pot in a small corner of the hallway they were passing trough, there was a grown man casually peeing into it. He completely ignored Emma and Billy as they passed by, they laughed it off, i guess that's one way of dealing with the effects of the drug on your bladder.

"You were pretty desperate yourself earlier, why didn't you just do like him and piss in a flower pot or whatever?" Emma asked, "It's not like you would be bothered doing that right?"

"I didn't because i needed to find a toilet so you could pee as well, if i stopped somewhere to piss in a flower pot or something you would need to wait even longer, you might not have made it earlier." Billy said thoughtful.

Emma thought over this, "True, but i wouldn't want you to have an accident because of me."

"Again, you don't have to worry about me Emma!" Billy patted her on the head, "But i really appreciate it."

Billy checked his phone and was deep in thoughts while they were walking, when he suddenly stopped and turned towards Emma,

"Listen here, you said earlier it would be embarrassing to have an accident and that i would get in trouble with mom and dad if you do." Billy said in a comforting tone. Emma nodded.

Billy continued in a gentle tone, "First of all: This drug paired with the toilet system on this cruise is literally intended to make people have accidents, so there's absolutely no need to be embarrassed about it, in normal circumstances that would be a different story of course, but as long as we're on this ship you should try not to worry about it too much and just enjoy the cruise."

"Second of all:" Billy took out his phone as he continued, and showed the screen to Emma which had a text message from their father which read: "Mom had another accident when we couldn't find a toilet in time, we might have underestimated this drug and toilet rotation system. Emma might have an accident as well at some point so make sure to not get angry at her and comfort her. Tell her we won't be angry about it when it does happen."

"And i think mom and dad came to the same conclusion to what i just said." Billy said as Emma finished reading the message. "Also you don't have to hold it until your bladder starts hurting like earlier, if it starts feeling uncomfortable you can let go if you want to."

Emma felt relieved knowing she wasn't gonna get Billy in trouble if she had an accident, but even if Billy said she shouldn't be embarrassed about it, it was hard to ignore that. There were a lot of people on this ship and people were often passing by. Or for example they passed the gaming room that they quickly checked out, they noticed it was pretty full, all consoles were occupied. Emma noticed a bunch of other games as well like pinball and foosbal tables and many others. It looked really cool and she definitely wanted to check it out later. But there were so many people, mostly kids of course.

As they continued walking through what seemed to be some sort of kids zone with the gaming room attached to it they noticed it was build in a circle with the toilets build in the center of it. Emma noticed the entrance was in red for these toilets right now. This made her notice another thing as they walked trough the rest of the zone and exited it, she had seen some kids around her age with wet pants. A boy and a girl were playing on a playstation while sitting on beanbags, looking at both their jeans shorts they had clearly wet themselves but they didn't seem to be too bothered by it Emma thought. They also picked up some drinks while they went on their way to the VR.

By the time they arrived back at the VR section to their dismay they noticed there was a serious waiting line, obviously they had lost their spot from earlier...

"Maaaaaan, this sucks." Billy said, "By the time it's our turn we may just as well quit again after 10 minutes because we'll have to pee again."

Emma proposed to go check out the arcade as it was close to the VR section anyway, Billy agreed. They noticed there was a big slushy machine! They both took a big one, mixing their favorite flavors and started checking out the arcade. While they started playing their first game, a racing sim, Emma felt the first signs of her bladder filling. From earlier experiences she knew with the effect of the drug that the rate her bladder filled was rather unpredictable sometimes.

"I'm gonna need to pee soon." Emma announced to Billy,

Billy answered while still racing, "But we just got here, it's literally our first game."

"I know, i'm sorry." Emma apologized, "I'm just saying, i can still hold it for several games. But we might have a similar problem like earlier with finding a toilet that's green."

"Yea i understand, it's just that we will end up chasing toilets all day and we can't actually do anything of the fun stuff it feels like. But it's ok you decide, we can always come back later, if you want to we can leave and go find a toilet now." Billy said. "It's unfair for me to decide because if i really have to i'll just pee somewhere in a corner or something, it's all in that similar carpet from in the train and i can assure you it can survive a serious soaking."

"No it's fine, i can hold it longer, i want to play some more as well." Emma said while drinking her slushy.

"Haha, that's the spirit sis! Lets not worry too much, we'll find a toilet later!"

Emma knew this was risky, she had started wondering about the pattern in these toilet rotations, sometimes they were seemingly random and quickly shifted around but other times it seemed to follow a certain pattern and if her hunch was correct it meant that most the toilets in the front of the ship were currently open and most of the ones in the back of the ship closed. And they were very much in the back of the ship at the moment.

Emma ended up losing two times in a row to her brother in the racing game, not too surprising, but then she managed to convince her brother to try out the dancing game with her, she loved stepmania and had played before a couple of times.

She swiftly beat her brother easily. Still basking in her glory, they took a small break further drinking their slushy,

"Alright time to go and find a toilet to pee?" Billy asked, still sweating from the game and ever so slightly annoyed he lost to his little sister.

Meanwhile however, Emma had two small voices in her head waging a war:

_______________________________________

"No you can't play another game! You need to pee remember?"

"It's fine you're not desperate yet, play another game!"

"You won't find a toilet in time and you'll hurt your bladder again holding it!"

"No silly, you just let it go in your pants when it starts feeling uncomfortable!"

"But everyone will see it, you will be so embarrassed!"

"It's fine, Billy said you shouldn't be embarrassed, even dad said it's ok!"

"But... but the embarrassment..."

"It'll feel so good to release in your pants!"

__________________________________________

"Hell no, you're not getting away, i'm gonna beat you again!" Emma shouted. "Another match!"

They finished their second match with Emma easily winning again. Billy's ego was slightly damaged but he'll survive.

They both finished their slushies, the cold drink made Emma really starting to feel the pressure on her bladder now. She wasn't panicking, but the palms of her hands started to get sweaty knowing there was a very possible chance they wouldn't find a toilet with green light in time. She was starting to contemplate for how much longer she wanted to hold before letting go in her pants.

They exited the busy arcade and went on their way,

"You still holding up there?" Billy asked while checking his phone, "The nearest toilet is probably 'central park' "

"Yea i'm fine don't worry about me." Emma answered relaxed.

Central park was more of a street with shops and restaurants and all sorts of small but fun stuff to do and see, below that was the boulevard which was more of a shopping street that was parallel with the street above it. You could look down in the middle through a glass ceiling into the boulevard. They had only briefly passed this when boarding the ship but now they would have more time to explore.

It was beautiful to see the street with all of it's small little gardens and shops, on the sides of the park were balconies from rooms of people rising high up for several stories high with the sun shining down between them. It was a sight to behold. Emma noticed how there were a lot less people here than in the arcade but still, it was very open and there were still a good amount of people. Some were sitting outside on the terrace of the pubs while others were inside checking out some of the little shops for souvenirs or whatever. There were also a few people sitting on the balconies of their rooms above them, that must be one hell of a view Emma thought.

"See Emma, it wasn't a problem after all, sometimes it just pans out." As Billy pointed to the toilet signs across the street where they were standing, they were on green to Emma's surprise. They started walking towards the entrance but just as they were about to enter she could see in the corner of her eye how the light blinked green once to switch to red. "No way..." Emma thought.

"Ok this is the second time we get this now, dammit! Billy said cursing. "Emma are you still ok?"

"Yea i'm fine don't worry," Emma lied, "where's the next toilet?"

Billy checked his phone again, "At the end of the street and then down and it's close to the boulevard."

They went on their way, still walking at a normal pace. Meanwhile the little voices spoke up again.

"Walk faster! Hurry up if you want to make a chance of reaching the nearest toilet!"

"Shhhh, It's ok you can always let go in your pants at any time and enjoy it!

"But... the embarrassment!"

"Oh look! Milkshake stand!"

Emma noticed a milkshake stand and in this warmth in the middle of the sun she felt like getting one, on top of that the stand looked really cute and they seemed to have a bunch of flavours all freshly made.

Emma pointed to the stand asking, "Billy you also want a milkshake? They look really good."

Billy did feel like getting a milkshake but he was sure Emma was close to being desperate by now, after all she mentioned she needed to pee but that was quite a while ago by now. He noticed she wasn't showing any signs of desperation though so either she really doesn't need to pee that bad or perhaps she is planning on letting go in her pants soon. Either way was fine for him as he noticed she was relaxed and just enjoying herself. He was enjoying the casual stroll and exploring through the ship instead of running around looking for a toilet that's open, he also needed to pee but it wasn't too bad yet.

They waited a bit in line for their milkshake, it took some time as they were freshly made but man they looked so good!

They both got their milkshake and started slowly strolling through central park while they started drinking through the straw.

"Oh wow it's so good!" they both squeeled,

However, with the second gulp the cold milkshake had an immediate effect on Emma's full bladder, she squirmed a little bit while walking. Her bladder started feeling uncomfortable, it didn't matter much as she had already made up her mind when they choose to play another game at the arcade, Emma was now walking slightly behind Billy as she tried to relax her bladder but noticed it was hard to do while walking. She pushed and a spurt dampened her panties while a shiver ran over her spine. She was still wearing her grey sweatpants shorts so she knew if she did another spurt it would probably start showing.

There were people everywhere around them but she didn't hesitate, she pushed again, harder this time as she felt a long spurt going into her panties. She could immediately feel the warmth in her crotch and then quickly fade again as her pee soaked into her pants. She was sure this must be visible, she took a sip from her milkshake in her right hand and she felt her crotch with her left hand. Yep, definitely wet. While still walking behind Billy who hadn't noticed anything, she checked the stain on her shorts, she started to blush seeing what she had done, it wasn't big enough that it was obvious, but if someone would happen to glance at her crotch area they would definitely notice. It felt good though, her embarrassment was getting pushed away by excitement.

Emma knew what she was about to do was gonna be visible to anyone, but she did it anyway. She placed her hand back on her crotch while still strolling and pushed hard, she could feel her stream enter her pants and soak her crotch, she could feel the warmth and wetness on her hand as it started to soak through the fabric, she was soaking her pants now but she didn't want to stop as it was feeling great. All her embarrassment had faded and she started pushing even harder. She could feel her warm pee run through her fingers and down her shorts, streaks of pee were running down her legs and now she also felt her butt getting wet. She had been holding her breath while pushing her pee in her pants and she finally ran out of breath so she stopped. She could feel her pee slowly soak downwards, dribbling down her legs.

She felt amazing! So much better than holding it she thought as she sipped from her milkshake again. They passed an old couple sitting on a bench and she noticed their glance towards her crotch. She hadn't even looked at her wet shorts yet but obviously it must be really visible, she didn't care too much though. She was enjoying the wetness in her pants a lot and she was sure a few people must've noticed it already. She felt her bladder wanting to release on it's own now and just as she was about to release her stream into her already wet shorts she heard a kid with his mom shouting.

"Mommy look that girl has peed in her shorts! Can i also pee in my pants?!"

"No you can't! You need to hold as long as possible, we'll find you a toilet that's open soon!" the mom said while dragging away her son,

"But mooooom, i really need to pee, can i let go now?!"

"Not yet, keep holding!"

"What about now?!" as their voices faded while they were walking in the opposite direction.

"Haha poor kid." Billy said laughing, "Accident?"

Of course Billy had noticed Emma's wet pants now.

"My bladder started to feel uncomfortable when i started drinking that milkshake so i decided to let go," Emma felt like she could be honest with Billy as she continued, "So no accident, i let go on purpose."

"haha no problem," Billy said with a grin, "i was already wondering why you were so calm earlier, but you do have some guts peeing your pants in the middle of central park i have to give you that."

Emma was weirdly proud of what she had done with Billy praising her, she checked the damage on her shorts, as expected it was pretty bad, the whole front got soaked and it had run down her thighs. Atleast they were only shorts and not pants. But still very visible for anyone who would look at her.

"Now that you don't need a toilet anymore, i need to pee as well and if i'm not mistaken if we cut through here i can pee sooner if you don't mind." Billy asked.

"I don't mind, lets go" Emma answered while sipping from her milkshake again.

They took somewhat of a shortcut and they ended on the side of the ship as Emma now saw what Billy had planned, he walked to the railing, and with a "aaaah" started relieving himself off the side of the ship.

Emma now also went to the railing a few meters further, spread her legs wide, without hesitating and with a "aaaah" she let go as well.

Her pants were getting further soaked as she was enjoying the feeling of warmth and wetness spreading everywhere. Streams of pee were running down her shorts splattering on the ground. Meanwhile she took another sip from her milkshake, relishing the moment.

"You really don't mind peeing in your pants don't you?" Billy asked as he finished.

"No, it's just embarrassing, but once i start peeing it seems my embarrassment usually fades a bit." Emma answered truthfully, "But honestly, it actually feels pretty good to do."

Emma blushed admitting she actually enjoyed it while her stream subsided.

"That's ok, you can enjoy it on the cruise, just make sure mom and dad don't see you do it on purpose" Billy said.

They turned around and started walking back into the ship while leaving a puddle behind and Emma's shorts leaving a trail of droplets.

"So what do you want to do next?" Emma asked joyfully and full of energy.

Billy wondered, "Don't you want to change clothes first? our room isn't that far. Or do you not mind staying in your soggy shorts?"

"I don't mind, also if it's ok..." Emma heavily started blushing now, "Can i keep peeing in my shorts until we go back to mom and dad for dinner?"

"Hahahaha sure why not, that makes me think though, maybe i need to try it out as well sometime, to see how it feels."

______________________________________________

Next chapter will be featuring both, as Luna and Chloe cross paths once again with Emma and Billy! ðŸ˜„

*043*2022-12-03 12:25

{{On 12/2/2022 at 6:07 AM, vizzing said:

Looking forward to more Chloe and Luna. Can't wait to read how their relationship progresses.

}}

I'm working on it ðŸ˜‡

*044*2022-12-04 02:00

I was working on the new part as i realized it was getting too long so i cut it in half. It does end on a bit of a cliffhanger so i'm sorry about that, but with a bit of luck i might get the next chapter out by tomorrow ðŸ˜„

______________________________________________

Chapter 10: This continues right where chapter 7 ended, with Luna and Chloe falling into sleep after their wet adventure on the deck during the night.

_________________________________________

Luna opened her eyes, she was looking at the curtains next to her bed with some light shining through them. She felt a bit groggy still while letting out a yawn. She realized she really needed to pee bad, but her bed was so warm and cozy. While rubbing her eyes she shifted on her back so she could check on Chloe.

"Good morning sleepyhead." Chloe whispered in her ear. She got surprised by how close she was to her.

"um...morning." Luna mumbled.

Luna raised her hand to be able to see Chloe better, she got surprised again by how close her face was to hers. Chloe apparently saw her raised arm as an invite, she crawled close to Luna and laid her head on her shoulder while draping her arm over her stomach.

"Uh... what?" Luna asked confused when she felt Chloe curling up to her.

Luna could feel Chloe's breath in her neck when she let out a "shhhh, it's ok"

Luna shivered when she could feel Chloe kiss her neck and said with a chuckle, "I heard you talk in your sleep."

Luna didn't know what was going on, what could she possibly have said in her sleep that made Chloe act like this??

Chloe kept giving small kisses while going up to Luna's cheek, then nibbling on her earlobe. With every small kiss Luna could feel herself getting turned on more and more, she turned towards Chloe and lowered her arm over her shoulder. Luna looked her straight in the eyes when Chloe closed hers, leaned in and kissed her on her lips. Luna had no idea what exactly was happening but she didn't really care at this point anymore as she started kissing her back. They started making out like this for a few minutes while Chloe had been caressing her stomach first, but quickly moved up to her chest, to then move her hand down and go under her t-shirt. Luna could feel Chloe's soft hands caressing her breasts under her shirt.

Luna could feel herself heat up, breathing heavily when suddenly Chloe's lips parted slightly, allowing Luna's tongue to slip inside deepening the kiss. Chloe let out a small moan, while answering Luna's advance with her hand sliding down. Luna spread her legs when she could feel how Chloe's hand entered her shorts, with a shiver going over her spine she could feel Chloe's hand entering her panties and after a small pause just to tease her, she finally slid her finger over her clit. It felt like electricity going through her as Chloe started to rub her clit now. Her arousal was going up at an insanely fast rate, getting her closer to an orgasm with every second, but so was her need to pee.

"No stop, i'm gonna pee in bed, stop!" Luna begged.

Chloe whispered in her ear, "shhhh, just do it, you'll like it."

Luna could feel how Chloe slid two fingers in her, electricity going through her body as she started fingering her. They started kissing again, pressing their lips togheter and Luna letting out moans while getting closer and closer to finishing, knowing she was gonna lose control over her bladder if that happened... She didn't want Chloe to stop though as waves of pleasure where going through her body.

Chloe picked up the pace and this was too much for Luna, after just a few seconds she zoned out and moaned loudly as she reached her climax and welcomed the feeling of herself losing control over her bladder as a torrent of pee shot out of her.

_________________________________

Luna gasped and shot up in her bed as she woke up from her dream.

No Chloe in her embrace anymore but her orgasm was still very real, she involuntarily thrust her pussy forward as she felt spurts of pee going in her panties with every spasm, loud enough that she could hear the hissing. Waves of pleasure coursing through her body made it that she couldn't stop even if she wanted to. She could feel the wetness and warmth spread and pool around her while sitting in bed, while after a few seconds her orgasm finally subsided, letting out the last few spurts in her panties made her mind come slowly back to reality. Realizing in horror that she had soaked their bed because of the dream, she checked on her side to look at Chloe, who was slowly waking up, opening her eyes and stretching.

"I thought i could hear a hissing sound. Holy shit did you just pee in bed?" Chloe mumbled sleepily

Luna her mind was racing, even though she was still groggy from sleep, she needed to figure out an explanation for all of this. She could feel her pee soaking in the mattress when she realized Chloe only noticed the last few seconds of her dream induced orgasm, she thought she had simply wet the bed. She suddenly noticed the light for the toilet was red.

"Um... the toilet, it's uh, you know, it's... red." Luna stammered.

"Wait, why is the toilet red? i'm bursting to pee!" Chloe suddenly veered up.

"Look through the curtains, it's light outside." Luna said, trying not to sound as if she had just found that out herself.

Turned out they had gone to sleep so late that it was already past morning by now and their toilet switched to red.

"So... you just went and peed in bed?" Chloe asked confused while she lowered herself back and under her sheets.

"Well i mean..." Luna was thinking as hard as she could while answering, "These beds dry up so quickly anyway and... I still felt really sleepy... and... i still needed to shower in the morning anyway... and... i was gonna throw my pajamas in the laundry bin anyway and put on a new one tomorrow, you knew they'll wash them anyway so i thought, and everything that happened on our little adventure yesterday kind of made me think of how it would feel." Luna stammered through all of it while making all of it up in the moment. Hoping it was believable even though it's still super embarrassing.

Luna continued with the half truth now, "I'm sorry! i kind of lost control if i'm honest." She said defeated.

Chloe didn't really respond immediatly, Luna noticed she was fidgeting under her sheets, was she holding herself?

"So... how did it feel?" Chloe asked finally.

"Um..." Luna thought about her answer, she answered shyly "I hope it's not too weird if i say i also liked it similarly to yesterday?"

"haha, no it's ok, i also kind of liked it." Chloe said while still fidgeting, after a small pause she continued with a mischievous smile, "It's so warm and cozy, i don't really want to get out of bed."

Luna noticed the expression on Chloe's face, she was already heating up just thinking of the prospect of Chloe wetting her bed while laying next to her. Luna lowered herself under her sheets again. Lying on her side looking at Chloe who she could just see enough in the almost dark room.

"Just try it, what do you have to lose?" Luna said hopefully.

Luna could see how Chloe's eyes sparkled when she said, "Promise you won't tell anyone?"

"I promise this is our little secret." Luna reassured her with a big smile.

Luna started getting fluttering feelings in her stomach knowing what Chloe was gonna do, Chloe shifted on her back and after a few seconds Luna could tell from her expression she was pushing.

"Oh that's warm." She said while letting out a gasp, "Holy shit i'm peeing"

When Luna could start hearing the hissing coming from the other side of the bed she had to try hard to not shove her hand in her panties, instead she put her hands between her legs and on her crotch and started to push. Now feeling her own stream hit the inside of her panties and soak her hands made her feel absolute bliss.

"Screw it, I'm letting out the rest." Luna said shamelessly.

"Oh god, i can feel it start to spread." Chloe said letting out a sigh, "Why does this feel so good?"

"No idea, but i'm glad i'm not a complete weirdo for enjoying this." Luna answered while her pee was running down and further soaking her pants and sheets.

They both started giggling when Chloe said, "Maybe we're just both weirdos."

Both their streams subsided when Chloe turned on her side again, both girls were looking at each other now, They both let out a sigh in unison, giggled and both were smiling at each other. Luna noticed Chloe was really enjoying this as well.

"This cruise has been wild so far." Chloe said. "And you have no idea how glad i am it's with you."

Luna started blushing, hold on what exactly does she mean with that? Chloe crawled a little bit closer to her.

"You know what i told you earlier on the deck? I never actually told anyone that before." Chloe whispered now.

"Luna whispered back, "Anything to help, you've done plenty for me as well so this is the least i can do."

Luna was now wondering... no, hoping that she was wrong about Chloe not sharing the same feelings like she did, she gained a sparkle of hope that maybe they could be more than just friends. Her heart rate started going up as she crawled closer as well, she accidentally touched her hand under the sheets and to her surprise Chloe grabbed her hand. Luna's heart skipped a beat.

"I never really thanked you properly for listening to me yesterday night out on the deck, you really mean a lot to me." Chloe whispered, "So thank you"

Luna could see that trademark smile of Chloe, while seeing her eyes slightly sparkle in the dimly lit room. She noticed how close their faces actually were, yet that last little bit of space between them seemed like a lot to overcome. She wanted to embrace her, cuddle up to her and kiss her. She felt butterflies in her stomach as she wondered if Chloe was thinking the same as her. However, again... she was overthinking things.

Luna whispered back, "Don't worry about it, i'm here for you and you can tell me anything, really."

Luna actually wanted to tell her how she felt about her, even if the idea of getting rejected scared her to death.

"Chloe i... " Luna didn't really know how to say it, "I mean..." she stumbled over her words and stammered. As suddenly Chloe let lose of her hand and crawled back to her side,

"I'm sorry i made it awkward." Chloe blurted out, "just forget i did that, all i wanted to say is just... I'm glad you're my best friend." At the end she let out a massive yawn, closing her eyes. "Maybe we should get some more sleep, i'm beat."

Just for a few seconds Luna had gotten a little bit of hope of Chloe sharing the same feelings like her but she felt it fade almost instantly, her heart sank trough her chest when she realized Chloe never wanted to be anything more than friends. It's wholesome what she said, and she should be happy for herself that she meant so much to Chloe. So why could she feel tears well up in the corners of her eyes?

Luna also crawled back to her side of the bed, she lifted the sheets a bit higher trying to hide her tears in case Chloe would look. She felt like a moron. She felt a lump in her throat the whole time while she tried to fall asleep, why did this hurt so much... she thought, eventually she turned around with her back to Chloe and eventually falling asleep in her soaked pajama shorts and bed. Even knowing she had fulfilled one of her fantasies of wetting her bed she didn't even care right now.

___________________________________

Luna opened her eyes and let out a yawn and stretched. When she felt her damp shorts and bed she got reminded of what had happened during the night... well morning rather, she also noticed how her full bladder had gotten full again. She took a bottle of water off of the bedside table and took some gulps. Luna had calmed down now from their little talk they had earlier in the morning as she had some time to think, putting things in perspective, she still had her best friend by her side on this fantastic cruise. Even if she has to accept they would never be more than friends, they had grown closer than ever she felt like, even sharing in her secret and indulging in her kink.

Thinking about that, she really needed to pee and even if she really enjoyed her bedwetting/orgasm combination in the moment, she was mortified what Chloe would've thought of it. With the cold shower of getting friendzoned she hadn't really enjoyed it all that much. Chloe was still sound asleep but knowing she had willingly wet the bed and had admitted she liked it Luna felt like she wouldn't judge her if she wet her bed right now.

With that said, she shifted on her back, pulled the sheets a bit higher to her chin, got all comfortable and started to relax her bladder. Nothing was coming out but she didn't push either, she was laying nice and comfy just waiting for it to finally happen, and after about a minute of just relaxing she could feel the first drops entering her panties. Her heartbeat started to increase and she started biting her lip as she felt a trickle started to escape and slowly form into a stream. Her crotch got all nice and warm as she could feel the wetness start to spread while rewetting her panties and shorts. Warmth slowly spreading downwards and starting to pool downwards and to her delight she started to feel her butt heat up. 

She relished the moment as she fully relaxed and her stream started to pick up force. Not worried that Chloe would hear it she started to hear her hissing sound coming from under her sheets accompanied with her warmth and wetness slowly expanding in her bed. Enjoying the moment she couldn't help to let out a small moan and decided to go down with her hand in her panties, she could feel her own stream run through her fingers. Until her stream finally died out, feeling content now that she had emptied her bladder in her shorts and bed she closed her eyes again and just enjoyed the feeling of her soaked bed. Slowly feeling her pee soaking into the mattress she felt herself being satisfied with what she just did. Sitting up now in bed, after taking some more gulps from her water bottle she checked her phone and after a few minutes she felt Chloe was starting to wake up.

"Good morning, how's my favorite bedwetter today?" Luna asked jokingly.

"Don't say it like that! It's embarrassing now!" Chloe said still half mumbling and groggy.

Luna laughed, "it's fine, i'm just joking."

"Actually i had almost forgotten i did that, but then you reminded me and i could feel my soggy shorts." Chloe said as they both giggled at their naughtiness.

Chloe also picked a bottle from her own night stand and took a few gulps, right after she squirmed a little bit she got into thinking it seemed.

Chloe said a bit shy, "I don't want to get out of bed just yet to go shower, but i really need to pee."

"Oh no you're not thinking of wetting the bed again are you?" Luna said jokingly, "Don't worry, i literally did that a few minutes ago but you were still sleeping, my side of the bed is completely soaked right now."

"Show!" Chloe shouted as she pulled away the bed sheets.

Now Luna's soaked bed and pajama shorts were revealed, she was feeling the embarrassment now but meanwhile she also saw the sexy damp shorts of Chloe with her own faded stain on her bed.

Chloe shifted now to also sitting up right in bed next to Luna but slightly turned towards her and spread her legs wide open, Luna could see her pink panties peak through her leg hole. Chloe let out a loud sigh as immediately Luna could see how Chloe started pushing her pee in and through her grey pajama shorts, while some was also flowing out of her pants legs and onto the bed. Making her soggy shorts turn completely dark grey again while she was fully rewetting them. Luna could see how her pink panties were turning a darker shade of pink again while her pee was starting to pool around her now. Luna got massively turned on by this scene as her friend was without any shame relieving herself in her shorts and bed right next to her. Luna could feel the rest of her despair from earlier fading away with this glorious sight.

_____________________________

After some browsing on their phones under the blanket Chloe decided to go take a shower, Luna said she would follow right after and then start their day.

As Chloe got out of bed and walked to the shower with her fresh clothes Luna couldn't keep her eyes off of her, her shorts were drenched while clinging to her butt, the pee had crept up to her shirt as well. That's hot as hell Luna thought, and as Chloe locked the door she couldn't help to shove her hand in her shorts and start playing with herself, rubbing her clit and fingering herself with the scene replaying in her head of Chloe deliberately wetting her bed just minutes ago as well as her dream she has had earlier. Pressure was building up inside her and while playing, she was ecstatic from the pure pleasure she was feeling. When she finally reached her climax she felt herself squirting in her panties, not that she was worried wetting her panties more as they were already soaked anyway.

Luna realised both wetting and Chloe turned her on so much, but the combination of both togheter gave her the most incredible orgasms she had ever felt. Laying on her bed with her hand still in her pants, heavily panting and fully satisfied once more. She stayed like that, relaxing until it was her turn to shower.

_____________________________

Hot water was caressing her body while her mind wondered off, she couldn't deny anymore that she had completely fallen for Chloe at this point, she felt like a total moron. A lump formed in her throat again when she remembered how Chloe had said how happy she was they were best friends.

Luna came to the conclusion that there was nothing she could do besides trying to move on and accept they'll never be more than friends, because lingering over this is only gonna hurt her more. She had felt feelings for Chloe before these past days but she hadn't gotten hurt over it yet, until now that is.

But damn Chloe had looked cute in her soaked pajamas.

Shaking her head as if trying to get the thought out, she started to wash herself and think about something else.

________________________________

They got dressed and headed out for lunch, Luna was wearing tight jeans short shorts with a blue top and Chloe went with comfortable shorts and a t-shirt. When Luna was picking out her clothes she realized when she was already in the shower that she had picked those clothes because she thought she looked sexy in them for Chloe... Again, what's the point? She felt like a moron again.

They went to one of the dining halls and as they were eating they were checking out in the app on their phones what they wanted to do next. Going over all the events and things to do they happily talked about the activities they saw passing by. They both got reminded how extensive the list of activities as that this ship had to offer. Just as they finished their lunch Chloe pointed out there was a theatre show starting very soon, maybe if they hurried they could catch it. Luna was all for as she had wanted to see it anyway so they quickly finished the rest of their food, downed their drinks and took one extra for underway as it was quite a walk still.

Luna could already feel her bladder start to fill as they left though.

They had made their way to the entrance of the hall where the show was being held and they got there right on time. Quickly looking around and reading the info on the panel next to the door how acces to the show actually worked and to their disbelief they realized they had made the trip for nothing. Tickets were free but you had to order them beforehand and the tickets for this show were all gone already.

Just as they wanted to leave dissapointed and empty handed they heard a familiar voice.

"Yo Luna, yo Chloe!" Emma and Billy shouted while they walked over to them.

They quickly caught up and started talking about their predicament and to Chloe and Luna's luck they had 2 extra tickets for the show, their parents were gonna be joining them but they changed their mind just a few minutes ago and let them go alone, so they gave the tickets to Luna and Chloe.

Lucky for them they will be seeing the show after all...

*047*2022-12-08 18:54

{{17 hours ago, Omo-G said:

Was worried when this got accidentally hidden, looking forward to the next group scene

}}

Apparently i broke a rule in chapter 9, there's a problem with the character 'Billy' so i'll do some edits once I get back from work.

Billy will be 2 years older now meaning he's 18+ ðŸ‘

Edit: Nevermind, i can't edit the older chapters anymore, i edited chapter 9 instead.

*048*2022-12-09 00:11

Chapter 11:

"We really need to hurry up though as the show is about to start and we still want to go to the shop to get drinks and food, popcorn and soda are included with the tickets for free by the way." Billy said.

Luna hurriedly said, "Yea and i still want to go to the toilet before the show starts! What about you guys?"

Chloe nodded yes,

Billy and Emma shook their heads saying no.

"Alright see you guys in a bit!" Luna said as she walked away.

Billy shouted after them, "We'll get you your drinks and food already if you want, else you'll be late!"

"Thanks that would be great!" Chloe and Luna shouted in unison

Chloe quickly joined her and they both went to go stand in line for the toilet, even the indicated toilets for the theatre had apparently red and green lights Luna noticed, what would happen if these would suddenly turn red? For example during the break?

Luna didn't ponder about it for too long, changing her mind about something else, she always bought a large soda when she went to the movies but often had to go to the toilet in the middle of the screening, she had fantasized in the past about letting go and wetting her pants and seat instead, of course she's way to shy for that for even thinking of actually doing that... But now in this scenario, it felt a lot more plausible. Accidents are allowed after all.

Overthinking it in her head Luna decided to talk to Chloe about her thoughts, after all she had been very accepting about her fetish so far, and clearly she enjoyed it as well, even in the morning when she wasn't drunk anymore she seemed open about it.

"Hey" Luna whispered, "What if these toilets turn red during the break, i saw a sign you can't leave the theatre and re-enter during a show."

Chloe thought for a bit and went over the options, "Well if the show turns out to be mediocre i guess we could just leave and go find a toilet and go do something else."

"But what if it's a killer show?" Luna asked with a frown.

"hmmm" Chloe squinted her eyes at Luna, "Are you implying what i'm thinking you're implying?"

Luna leaned in, now whispering so no one else could hear, "Is it weird if i said it's been a bit of a fantasy of mine?"

Chloe her eyes widened now, Luna blushed heavily as she had mentioned one of her deepest fantasies, although she had started to feel quite comfortable spilling her secrets about her kink to Chloe.

She could see Chloe ponder over it, but then it was their turn so they both went to the toilet and afterwards quickly rushed to their seats as they were definitely on the late side.

Luna and Chloe entered through the doors entering the theatre's hall, they were greatly impressed with how big the space was. It looked beautiful with balconies and amazing decorations, almost like in a fairytale.

"I don't believe we're still on the ship anymore, this is crazy." Chloe reacted.

The lights were already dimming by the time they got to their seats, Emma and Billy were already seated, they thanked them for their drinks and popcorn they had brought. Luna shared the big popcorn with Chloe as the show was about to start.

"So how long is this actually? I've never really been to a proper theatre show." Chloe confessed.

Emma and Billy both answered, "Three hours, with one break in the middle."

Luna was confused and surprised, she immediately realized they had a problem,

"Hold on what do you mean? That's like one hour and a half before and after break?!" Luna said shocked. "They have to know that with the drug in our systems it's literally impossible to hold for that long."

"Yep, our parents realized the same thing, that's why they suddenly decided to skip." Billy said.

Luna and Chloe glanced at each other, knowing what this meant.

Emma announced with a casual tone "On the app there was a small notice saying it's allowed to have accidents on these seats. So we're just gonna go in our pants during the show."

"Hold up, did she just say they're gonna wet themselves like it's the most normal thing to do during a show?" Chloe asked Luna while squinting her eyes a little bit.

Luna wondered, what will she and Chloe do, leave the theatre when they needed to pee? or join Emma and Billy? They really seemed to be ok with this situation, especially Emma.

Billy apologized, "I'm sorry, maybe we should've said that earlier, but honestly look around, we won't be the only ones with wet pants i'm guessing. When i think about it, i'm really surprised they got so many people to watch this, although i think a lot of people don't realize how long it takes until the break. So i'm curious what they're gonna do, will they just leave or wet themselves?"

"Look over there." said Chloe as she pointed behind them,

There were employees standing on the sides and in the back behind the seats, spread out over the theatre hall, they had clipboards in their hands.

"I feel like they're taking notes how people respond to this situation, this really does feel like a social experiment." Chloe said intrigued. "It almost feels like they do this on purpose, just like how the toilets rotate at the worst times."

"We noticed that as well," Billy said in agreement, "Emma is getting the hang of predicting the rotations sometimes."

Luna found this news interesting, apparently she hadn't paid enough attention to the rotations yet.

The show started as the last lights went out and everything went dark.

Everywhere on the ceiling they could now see what seemed to be the nightsky, stars were twinkling everywhere. She could hear people go "aah" and "ooh" as the show started. Suddenly what must've come from the balcony behind them was a guy in a impressive astronaut suit floating above them, he slowly made his way to the main stage as if he was in low gravity, Luna could just barely make out the wires he was connected with. She was really impressed with the production value already. As the main stage got revealed that looked like the moon where the astronaut landed, all while simulating the low gravity with the wires.

Luna quickly realized it was a play about what humanity had achieved with flight over the decades, she was immediately engrossed in it, with a quick glance to Chloe she noticed she wasn't the only one. Luna took a big sip from her coke and a big hand of popcorn while keeping her attention to the play.

About half an hour later the first part ended and she had loved it so far, in theatres there would be very small intermissions so the crew could do certain setup changes to change the background etc, this usually only took a few minutes, that's why a toilet break wasn't allowed during it and only allowed at the big break of 15 to 20 minutes, else people would walk through the hall during the play. But Luna her bladder had filled significantly over the time and she knew there was no way she was gonna make another half hour.

The lights in the hall went on as the small break of about 5mins started.

Not to anyone's surprise there were people who were getting up already, probably looking for a toilet, some seemed to be leaving, while others went back to their seats after talking to the employees at the doors confirming they couldn't re-enter after leaving. Luna glanced over to Chloe who looked back at her,

"Damn, if the show would've been mediocre i would've opted to leave instead of wet myself. But i gotta admit, it's pretty good so far and i'm actually considering staying." Chloe said while thinking.

"Same, the show is really good, but how embarrassing it will be when the show is over and the lights go on and we have to leave in soaked pants all the way to our room in the middle of the day?" Luna said, she was overthinking the situation out loud.

"How many of these people will also leave with wet pants you think?" Chloe asked, "I feel like i wouldn't be nearly as embarrassed if half of these people would leave with wet pants like us."

Luna now turned around to face Emma who was sitting next to her, "When you're gonna pee in your pants, aren't you gonna feel..."

Luna didn't finish her sentence as now with the lights on she noticed the dark blue stain on Emma's jeans shorts she was wearing,

"You already peed in your pants?" Luna asked surprised.

Emma stopped sipping from her coke, shrugged and responded in a down to earth manner, "Of course, i needed to pee before the show even started so i let go in my pants the moment the lights went out."

"Hold up," Luna remarked , "didn't you say you didn't need to pee when i asked you earlier, right before we went inside?"

"No? You only asked if i needed the bathroom." Emma replied in a smug way, "i definitely needed to pee. But why would i go to the bathroom if that means i'll be too late to also get snacks and be on time, all that just to end up with a full bladder half an hour later and wet myself anyway?"

Luna and Chloe both stared at Emma, they both opened their mouths to say something, then closed them again. Luna was dumbfounded at how casual Emma was acting while she was sitting in her soaked shorts and admitting she skipped the toilet to wet her shorts minutes later.

Chloe opened her mouth again, "I hate how i agree with you right now!"

They all started laughing now at this weird conversation and realizing Emma was weirdly right.

"Just go in your pants, it's fine." Emma comforted Luna and Chloe.

"Talking about a role switch, look who's comforting who now about wetting themselves." Chloe said while chuckling. "Last time we saw you we had to comfort you on the train."

Billy chimed in, "Yea i feel like my sis has gotten comfortable to just let go in her pants if necessary. But she's right though, no shame if you both wet yourself."

Luna had felt a bit nervous during the entire conversation, she had dreamed of a chance to wet herself and her seat in a place like this but on the other side, she had a hard time dealing with the embarrassment that would follow. They also had nothing with them to cover it up. However, just thinking about doing it was arousing her already.

"If you want to stay i'll stay as well." Chloe said, finally making a decision.

Just as she said it the lights started to dim again, guess they had waited to long to make a decision anyway, Luna and her overthinking always. She turned to Chloe now.

Luna confirmed, "Guess we're staying if it's ok with you, i do want to see the rest anyway."

"Ok then." Chloe responded

The show continued and it got even better, at some point two of the actors were floating above the audience in a mini retro airplane showing the first flight of the Wright brothers.

Luna's bladder was filling at a rapid rate now and she knew it wouldn't take much longer until she would start getting uncomfortable, there was absolutely no shot she was gonna make it until the break, correction, even if she left now she wasn't even sure she would make it to the toilet in time if the one outside would be on red. But instead of feeling panic she started to feel her excitement build, she won't be the only one with wet pants and remembering the words of Emma and Billy, no reason to be embarrassed about it. So no reason to really hold it anymore.

Luna leaned back in her seat a bit more and got comfy while she started relaxing her bladder. With just a little push she dampened her panties, quickly followed by another spurt doing some more damage. Still shouldn't be visible though Luna thought. It was giving her courage knowing Chloe and the others all would have wet their pants by the time the first break would come.

Luna started pushing a longer spurt in her pants now, feeling the warmth around her pussy as her pee was soaking in her panties and in her shorts, she could feel a trickle run down to her butt now, knowing this would definitely be visible if she would stand up with the lights on.

Her heart was beating faster while getting aroused knowing she was wetting her pants in the middle of hundreds of people, not only that but she would have to walk to her room afterwards with soaked pants. Luna felt like she should be panicking right about now but she was getting engrossed in fulfilling her long time fantasy.

Embarrassment had made way for enthousiasme now, Luna succumbed to the desire and decided she was gonna give her shorts a good soaking. She would figure out later how to deal with getting to their room. She grabbed a handful of popcorn which was standing on Chloe's lap and whispered in her ear: "I'm gonna piss myself."

There wasn't a lot of light in the room but just enough that she could see the playful expression on Chloe's face as she whispered.

"You're gonna enjoy this aren't you?"

Luna nodded with a slight grin on her face while she stuffed the popcorn in her mouth.

"This is scary, but i think i'm gonna join you, i think i want some support though." Chloe grinned, as she nodded towards somewhere between them.

To Luna's surprise she saw that Chloe had laid her hand spread out on the armrest between them with her palm upwards, Luna grabbed her hand almost instinctively. Her heart skipped a beat as she felt Chloe close her hand and intertwine their fingers. Luna felt ecstatic.

With her right hand now free she placed it on her crotch and relaxed, her pee came out on it's own now and to her delight she could feel her crotch warm up again and it quickly started spreading downwards. She was happily relieving herself in her pants and loved how she could feel her pee streaming through the fingers of her right hand, while also having the warm embrace from Chloe in her left hand.

Luna had died and gone to heaven.

At least that's what she felt like. At this point there was no possible return anymore, not that it mattered because she had no intention of stopping her stream anyway and kept emptying her bladder into her shorts. It was pooling around her butt and slowly soaking into the seat. Luna felt great, she was beaming as she had never thought she would ever get the chance to wet herself in a theatre seat, but here she was, fully pissing herself and enjoying it as much as possible.

Her stream finally died down and she let out a loud sigh, almost sad that it was over. Her crotch wasn't too bad it seemed but she knew the entire back of her pants must be soaked.

"Shit that was amazing, i loved it! Why was i even worried in the first place?" Luna said out loud towards Chloe, probably louder than she had intended.

Luna could feel a slight squeeze in her hand now coming from Chloe, she looked at her and noticed the blank expression on her face, she glanced down to her crotch and just as she was looking there was a stronger light coming from the stage which was enough for Luna to see the dark spot grow on Chloe's red shorts. Luna couldn't help grinning while she watched how Chloe was wetting herself in her seat as well.

Luna focused her attention back on the play now while basking in the glory of her wet pants.

To her surprise Chloe didn't pull away her hand even after she had emptied her bladder which she had predicted would happen. Luna didn't either so they kept holding hands throughout the play.

While the play continued she could feel her bladder filling up again after a while, the big coke was definitely helping as she kept sipping from it through the show. Luna happily let go again in her shorts and kept doing it for the remainder of the show further soaking them until it was time for the break.

They all wanted a refill for their drinks but Luna and Chloe were quite apprehensive about walking to the shop in their wet shorts. Emma and Billy volunteered to go instead. Luna had a clear view now as Emma and Billy walked away, Billy was wearing black shorts so it wasn't very visible, you could still see it under full light but the contrast was big compared to Emma her pants. Her behind had a much darker blue stain as she could see her butt was soaked.

Now Luna noticed quite a good amount of people had left the theatre by now, she assumed all people that didn't feel it worth to leave in wet pants at the end of the show, she could totally understand of course. But to her own surprise, there were still about half of the people left. Plenty of other people were now going to what she assumed to the shop for snacks and drinks. She could already tell a good amount of people had wet pants, they had nothing to worry about as she got confirmation they wouldn't be the only ones with soaked pants at the end of the show.

They got their soda refills and started happily chatting again while sipping from their drinks, the play started again and they all shut up as they watched the show.

Unfortunately she had let go of Chloe's hand when the lights came on again, Luna really wanted to hold her hand again. A little voice was reminding her of what she had said in the shower, to try and get over Chloe but she chose to ignore it.

Chloe hadn't offered her hand anymore like before, so why not try? Chloe had initiated it the first time so Luna initiated this time, she placed her hand on the armrest with her palm up like Chloe had done earlier, she was a bit nervous about it but suddenly she felt Chloe her hand, she closed her fingers and they intertwined with hers. They quickly glanced at each other and they both had a grin on their face and quickly focused their gaze on the play again.

Luna wasn't sure what it meant but this was definitely not helping her getting over her crush.

Luna would keep letting go in her pants whenever she felt like for the remainder of the play.

She assumed the others were doing the same.

The play came to an end and the crowd applaused, it really was a good show the four of them thought. But now the lights came on and they were supposed to leave...

Luna had thought she would start to panic more than this, but actually, she was pretty calm. As people started standing up she started noticing the predicament of other people.

Some were binding some sweather around their waist but as the temperature was decently high most people didn't have extra clothes with them. Some girls had dresses and skirts on, so obviously they had just hiked them up and wet their panties or taken them off and went commando. A little girl stood up in the row in front of them with a dress, probably about the age of Emma and she could see the entire back of her dress got soaked. She hadn't even bothered to hike it up Luna realized.

They started making their way to the exit now together with the rest of the people, Luna did notice that Chloe was quite a bit more uncomfortable than her. She did her best to comfort her as they made their way out of the theatre and once exiting she noticed how the crowd started to disperse. Which also meant they would start to stand out more with their soaked pants.

They quickly shared phone numbers with Emma and Billy as they had asked if they wanted to meet up later for dinner perhaps, they had told their parents about them and apparently they wouldn't mind if they joined them for dinner some time. Luna and Chloe happily agreed and they said their goodbyes to each other.

They walked to their room now going through the hallways, it was impossible to avoid other people as the hallways were often crowded, they even had to cross through a group of people. Luna was a bit embarrassed but it wasn't too bad, obviously people noticed their wet pants but it seemed nobody really paid attention to it, or at least they weren't bothered enough about it to have a reaction. They were walking through a hallway which connected to several other parts of the ship so there were quite some people passing by here, but yet again, nobody seemed to be bothered reacting to their wet pants. There was a toilet a little bit further in the hallway.

Suddenly they heard a familiar voice shouting from behind them.

"Let me through please! Emergency! Oh god please move i'm gonna piss myself!"

They suddenly saw Peyton bolt past them with her hands crammed in her crotch holding herself, she looked like she was seconds away from losing control over her bladder. Stopped in the middle of the hallway, squirmed for a few seconds, she seemed to regain control a little bit and started to wobble towards the toilet now. Luna was pretty sure she had caught a glimpse of a wet spot on the back of her jeans as she wobbled away.

Peyton had made it to the entrance of the toilet, "NO NO NO NO this can't be!!!!" as she dropped on her knees in front of the toilet.

Luna and Chloe had now caught up enough to see the light was on red. Peyton was making a scene though and people were all looking in their direction, seeing what was the drama exactly about.

"I literally ran across the entire ship just to find one green toilet, how is this possible..." Peyton was sobbing on the floor.

Luna could now see her jeans had a dark spot at her crotch, she was still trying to hold it but wasn't running anymore, her fight must've been going for quite a while apparently.

"Finally she gave up, i thought she would never stop running." Vicky said from behind them.

They greeted Vicky while Peyton was still sobbing on the ground and making a scene a little bit further away from them. Vicky clearly had wet herself looking at the wet patch on her overall she was wearing, although she didn't seem to be fazed about it at all.

Peyton was getting a good amount of attention from onlookers by now when suddenly she recognized the big black man from a few days earlier in the pool walking towards her.

Luna had almost forgotten how big he was when he towered above everyone else.

With a soft but deep and rumbling voice, "Girl why you making a scene? Just go in your pants already, you're just making a fool of yourself trying to hold it."

"b-bu-but..." Peyton stammered and stuttered. "I can't just wet myself in front of everyone..."

"Of course you can, nobody will bat an eye."

While the tower of a man seemed to be comforting Peyton in his own way he pointed to his girlfriend, or more so, her pants. Which only now Luna realized had a big wet patch expanding down her legs. She was really attractive and had a light brown skin color. Funny how she hadn't even noticed her wet pants yet.

He and his girlfriend seemed to have seen enough and went on their own way again as they started walking away, but not before the woman saying something to Peyton.

"A small piece of advice princess, you can sit there and wait for the inevitable to happen, or... let go and you'll feel a lot better."

Whether it was the advice from the woman or just Peyton losing control but Luna could now see a puddle forming under Peyton, she was fully wetting herself now in her jeans.

"See, don't you feel a lot better now?" Vicky asked while she walked up to Peyton and tried comforting her.

Peyton was just sobbing on the floor in her own puddle. People started to move on now and mind their own business again.

After Peyton got it together she left with Vicky, while Luna and Chloe continued walking towards their own room which wasn't too far away anymore.

Chloe started explaining something she had noticed to Luna, "So nobody seemed to react, notice or rather care about our own wet pants when we were walking through the hallways right?"

Yea you're right, actually i had almost forgotten i was still in my wet pants." Luna chuckled.

Chloe continued, "But Peyton has an accident after holding it and whole potty dance routine etc, you name it, but did you see how embarrassing it was and how many people noticed and saw that?"

"Yea pretty much everyone... oooh that's what you mean, people don't really care that much if you wet yourself, it's only when you yourself are making a scene out of it people will pay attention." Luna said now understanding what Chloe meant.

"Exactly, like we've seen multiple people with wet pants or seeing them wet themselves and did we really care? Like the woman in the elevator last night, she completely soaked her pants." Chloe said.

Luna chimed in now, "But then we see Peyton lose control while she was very much dying from embarrassment and... i felt really bad for her, omg you're right!"

While still walking towards their room they passed a group of people, Chloe came to her conclusion now, "So basically if you accept it and just let go on purpose instead of making a huge deal out of it like Peyton, nobody really cares that much if you wet your pants, well at least on this crazy cruise of course."

Suddenly Chloe stopped dead in her tracks,

"So... that means..." Chloe said in a mysterious tone.

Luna had no idea what she was talking about, but she turned around and waited for Chloe, now looking at her waiting to say something.

Chloe: "...."

"What are you..." Luna didn't finish her sentence as she could suddenly hear a hissing noise, and a wet patch quickly formed on the front of Chloe's crotch with droplets falling from her shorts which quickly turned into streams, she was letting go in her shorts rewetting them completely.

"Holy shit Chloe, are you actually pissing yourself in the middle of the hallway!?" Luna said with her eyes wide opened.

Some people of the group they had passed earlier had turned around to see what was happening, but Luna couldn't really tell if they even had reacted as they already continued on their way.

"Ok i can't believe i'm doing this, but i had to go anyway and it feels kinda good honestly." Chloe sheepishly admitted.

Suddenly a door opened of one of the rooms close to where they were standing and a man stepped out. He saw Chloe who was still relieving herself in her shorts with an expanding puddle underneath her on the carpet, he shook his head, rolled his eyes and just walked away through the hallway without even muttering a word.

Chloe her stream subsided and the two girls looked at each other to start laughing a second later, they were snickering at how surreal that experience just was. They calmed down a little bit and Luna realized she also had to pee like Chloe.

"You know what also would be funny?" Luna said while still snickering.

"No, but please tell." Chloe said.

Luna: "...."

"What are... oh ok i get it." Chloe said when she could hear the hissing start and started to laugh again.

Luna didn't even feel any shame while she was having fun with her best friend, not even scared at getting caught at this point. Tears were rolling from their cheeks from laughter while the splattering could be heard from the stream hitting the carpet. Luna was completely rewetting her shorts now. They had been sitting down in the theatre so their backs got soaked but the front had gotten mostly spared, but now both girls their fronts of their shorts had a big wet patch as well. Neither cared though as they were having too much fun with this.

They finally made it to their room, Luna couldn't believe she had passed literally dozens of people with visibly soaked shorts.

"I can't believe we just did that... so many people must have seen our wet pants!" Luna squeeled

"i'm still shaking, i kid you not!" Chloe squeeled even louder.

When they finally calmed down both girls started to change clothes and prepare for dinner with Emma, Billy and their parents.

