School trip on a very special cruise - Page 2

Author: OmoNeon

*044*2022-12-04 02:00

I was working on the new part as i realized it was getting too long so i cut it in half. It does end on a bit of a cliffhanger so i'm sorry about that, but with a bit of luck i might get the next chapter out by tomorrow 😄

___

Chapter 10: This continues right where chapter 7 ended, with Luna and Chloe falling into sleep after their wet adventure on the deck during the night.

___

Luna opened her eyes, she was looking at the curtains next to her bed with some light shining through them. She felt a bit groggy still while letting out a yawn. She realized she really needed to pee bad, but her bed was so warm and cozy. While rubbing her eyes she shifted on her back so she could check on Chloe.

"Good morning sleepyhead." Chloe whispered in her ear. She got surprised by how close she was to her.

"um...morning." Luna mumbled.

Luna raised her hand to be able to see Chloe better, she got surprised again by how close her face was to hers. Chloe apparently saw her raised arm as an invite, she crawled close to Luna and laid her head on her shoulder while draping her arm over her stomach.

"Uh... what?" Luna asked confused when she felt Chloe curling up to her.

Luna could feel Chloe's breath in her neck when she let out a "shhhh, it's ok"

Luna shivered when she could feel Chloe kiss her neck and said with a chuckle, "I heard you talk in your sleep."

Luna didn't know what was going on, what could she possibly have said in her sleep that made Chloe act like this??

Chloe kept giving small kisses while going up to Luna's cheek, then nibbling on her earlobe. With every small kiss Luna could feel herself getting turned on more and more, she turned towards Chloe and lowered her arm over her shoulder. Luna looked her straight in the eyes when Chloe closed hers, leaned in and kissed her on her lips. Luna had no idea what exactly was happening but she didn't really care at this point anymore as she started kissing her back. They started making out like this for a few minutes while Chloe had been caressing her stomach first, but quickly moved up to her chest, to then move her hand down and go under her t-shirt. Luna could feel Chloe's soft hands caressing her breasts under her shirt.

Luna could feel herself heat up, breathing heavily when suddenly Chloe's lips parted slightly, allowing Luna's tongue to slip inside deepening the kiss. Chloe let out a small moan, while answering Luna's advance with her hand sliding down. Luna spread her legs when she could feel how Chloe's hand entered her shorts, with a shiver going over her spine she could feel Chloe's hand entering her panties and after a small pause just to tease her, she finally slid her finger over her clit. It felt like electricity going through her as Chloe started to rub her clit now. Her arousal was going up at an insanely fast rate, getting her closer to an orgasm with every second, but so was her need to pee.

"No stop, i'm gonna pee in bed, stop!" Luna begged.

Chloe whispered in her ear, "shhhh, just do it, you'll like it."

Luna could feel how Chloe slid two fingers in her, electricity going through her body as she started fingering her. They started kissing again, pressing their lips togheter and Luna letting out moans while getting closer and closer to finishing, knowing she was gonna lose control over her bladder if that happened... She didn't want Chloe to stop though as waves of pleasure where going through her body.

Chloe picked up the pace and this was too much for Luna, after just a few seconds she zoned out and moaned loudly as she reached her climax and welcomed the feeling of herself losing control over her bladder as a torrent of pee shot out of her.

___

Luna gasped and shot up in her bed as she woke up from her dream.

No Chloe in her embrace anymore but her orgasm was still very real, she involuntarily thrust her pussy forward as she felt spurts of pee going in her panties with every spasm, loud enough that she could hear the hissing. Waves of pleasure coursing through her body made it that she couldn't stop even if she wanted to. She could feel the wetness and warmth spread and pool around her while sitting in bed, while after a few seconds her orgasm finally subsided, letting out the last few spurts in her panties made her mind come slowly back to reality. Realizing in horror that she had soaked their bed because of the dream, she checked on her side to look at Chloe, who was slowly waking up, opening her eyes and stretching.

"I thought i could hear a hissing sound. Holy shit did you just pee in bed?" Chloe mumbled sleepily

Luna her mind was racing, even though she was still groggy from sleep, she needed to figure out an explanation for all of this. She could feel her pee soaking in the mattress when she realized Chloe only noticed the last few seconds of her dream induced orgasm, she thought she had simply wet the bed. She suddenly noticed the light for the toilet was red.

"Um... the toilet, it's uh, you know, it's... red." Luna stammered.

"Wait, why is the toilet red? i'm bursting to pee!" Chloe suddenly veered up.

"Look through the curtains, it's light outside." Luna said, trying not to sound as if she had just found that out herself.

Turned out they had gone to sleep so late that it was already past morning by now and their toilet switched to red.

"So... you just went and peed in bed?" Chloe asked confused while she lowered herself back and under her sheets.

"Well i mean..." Luna was thinking as hard as she could while answering, "These beds dry up so quickly anyway and... I still felt really sleepy... and... i still needed to shower in the morning anyway... and... i was gonna throw my pajamas in the laundry bin anyway and put on a new one tomorrow, you knew they'll wash them anyway so i thought, and everything that happened on our little adventure yesterday kind of made me think of how it would feel." Luna stammered through all of it while making all of it up in the moment. Hoping it was believable even though it's still super embarrassing.

Luna continued with the half truth now, "I'm sorry! i kind of lost control if i'm honest." She said defeated.

Chloe didn't really respond immediatly, Luna noticed she was fidgeting under her sheets, was she holding herself?

"So... how did it feel?" Chloe asked finally.

"Um..." Luna thought about her answer, she answered shyly "I hope it's not too weird if i say i also liked it similarly to yesterday?"

"haha, no it's ok, i also kind of liked it." Chloe said while still fidgeting, after a small pause she continued with a mischievous smile, "It's so warm and cozy, i don't really want to get out of bed."

Luna noticed the expression on Chloe's face, she was already heating up just thinking of the prospect of Chloe wetting her bed while laying next to her. Luna lowered herself under her sheets again. Lying on her side looking at Chloe who she could just see enough in the almost dark room.

"Just try it, what do you have to lose?" Luna said hopefully.

Luna could see how Chloe's eyes sparkled when she said, "Promise you won't tell anyone?"

"I promise this is our little secret." Luna reassured her with a big smile.

Luna started getting fluttering feelings in her stomach knowing what Chloe was gonna do, Chloe shifted on her back and after a few seconds Luna could tell from her expression she was pushing.

"Oh that's warm." She said while letting out a gasp, "Holy shit i'm peeing"

When Luna could start hearing the hissing coming from the other side of the bed she had to try hard to not shove her hand in her panties, instead she put her hands between her legs and on her crotch and started to push. Now feeling her own stream hit the inside of her panties and soak her hands made her feel absolute bliss.

"Screw it, I'm letting out the rest." Luna said shamelessly.

"Oh god, i can feel it start to spread." Chloe said letting out a sigh, "Why does this feel so good?"

"No idea, but i'm glad i'm not a complete weirdo for enjoying this." Luna answered while her pee was running down and further soaking her pants and sheets.

They both started giggling when Chloe said, "Maybe we're just both weirdos."

Both their streams subsided when Chloe turned on her side again, both girls were looking at each other now, They both let out a sigh in unison, giggled and both were smiling at each other. Luna noticed Chloe was really enjoying this as well.

"This cruise has been wild so far." Chloe said. "And you have no idea how glad i am it's with you."

Luna started blushing, hold on what exactly does she mean with that? Chloe crawled a little bit closer to her.

"You know what i told you earlier on the deck? I never actually told anyone that before." Chloe whispered now.

"Luna whispered back, "Anything to help, you've done plenty for me as well so this is the least i can do."

Luna was now wondering... no, hoping that she was wrong about Chloe not sharing the same feelings like she did, she gained a sparkle of hope that maybe they could be more than just friends. Her heart rate started going up as she crawled closer as well, she accidentally touched her hand under the sheets and to her surprise Chloe grabbed her hand. Luna's heart skipped a beat.

"I never really thanked you properly for listening to me yesterday night out on the deck, you really mean a lot to me." Chloe whispered, "So thank you"

Luna could see that trademark smile of Chloe, while seeing her eyes slightly sparkle in the dimly lit room. She noticed how close their faces actually were, yet that last little bit of space between them seemed like a lot to overcome. She wanted to embrace her, cuddle up to her and kiss her. She felt butterflies in her stomach as she wondered if Chloe was thinking the same as her. However, again... she was overthinking things.

Luna whispered back, "Don't worry about it, i'm here for you and you can tell me anything, really."

Luna actually wanted to tell her how she felt about her, even if the idea of getting rejected scared her to death.

"Chloe i... " Luna didn't really know how to say it, "I mean..." she stumbled over her words and stammered. As suddenly Chloe let lose of her hand and crawled back to her side,

"I'm sorry i made it awkward." Chloe blurted out, "just forget i did that, all i wanted to say is just... I'm glad you're my best friend." At the end she let out a massive yawn, closing her eyes. "Maybe we should get some more sleep, i'm beat."

Just for a few seconds Luna had gotten a little bit of hope of Chloe sharing the same feelings like her but she felt it fade almost instantly, her heart sank trough her chest when she realized Chloe never wanted to be anything more than friends. It's wholesome what she said, and she should be happy for herself that she meant so much to Chloe. So why could she feel tears well up in the corners of her eyes?

Luna also crawled back to her side of the bed, she lifted the sheets a bit higher trying to hide her tears in case Chloe would look. She felt like a moron. She felt a lump in her throat the whole time while she tried to fall asleep, why did this hurt so much... she thought, eventually she turned around with her back to Chloe and eventually falling asleep in her soaked pajama shorts and bed. Even knowing she had fulfilled one of her fantasies of wetting her bed she didn't even care right now.

___

Luna opened her eyes and let out a yawn and stretched. When she felt her damp shorts and bed she got reminded of what had happened during the night... well morning rather, she also noticed how her full bladder had gotten full again. She took a bottle of water off of the bedside table and took some gulps. Luna had calmed down now from their little talk they had earlier in the morning as she had some time to think, putting things in perspective, she still had her best friend by her side on this fantastic cruise. Even if she has to accept they would never be more than friends, they had grown closer than ever she felt like, even sharing in her secret and indulging in her kink.

Thinking about that, she really needed to pee and even if she really enjoyed her bedwetting/orgasm combination in the moment, she was mortified what Chloe would've thought of it. With the cold shower of getting friendzoned she hadn't really enjoyed it all that much. Chloe was still sound asleep but knowing she had willingly wet the bed and had admitted she liked it Luna felt like she wouldn't judge her if she wet her bed right now.

With that said, she shifted on her back, pulled the sheets a bit higher to her chin, got all comfortable and started to relax her bladder. Nothing was coming out but she didn't push either, she was laying nice and comfy just waiting for it to finally happen, and after about a minute of just relaxing she could feel the first drops entering her panties. Her heartbeat started to increase and she started biting her lip as she felt a trickle started to escape and slowly form into a stream. Her crotch got all nice and warm as she could feel the wetness start to spread while rewetting her panties and shorts. Warmth slowly spreading downwards and starting to pool downwards and to her delight she started to feel her butt heat up. 

She relished the moment as she fully relaxed and her stream started to pick up force. Not worried that Chloe would hear it she started to hear her hissing sound coming from under her sheets accompanied with her warmth and wetness slowly expanding in her bed. Enjoying the moment she couldn't help to let out a small moan and decided to go down with her hand in her panties, she could feel her own stream run through her fingers. Until her stream finally died out, feeling content now that she had emptied her bladder in her shorts and bed she closed her eyes again and just enjoyed the feeling of her soaked bed. Slowly feeling her pee soaking into the mattress she felt herself being satisfied with what she just did. Sitting up now in bed, after taking some more gulps from her water bottle she checked her phone and after a few minutes she felt Chloe was starting to wake up.

"Good morning, how's my favorite bedwetter today?" Luna asked jokingly.

"Don't say it like that! It's embarrassing now!" Chloe said still half mumbling and groggy.

Luna laughed, "it's fine, i'm just joking."

"Actually i had almost forgotten i did that, but then you reminded me and i could feel my soggy shorts." Chloe said as they both giggled at their naughtiness.

Chloe also picked a bottle from her own night stand and took a few gulps, right after she squirmed a little bit she got into thinking it seemed.

Chloe said a bit shy, "I don't want to get out of bed just yet to go shower, but i really need to pee."

"Oh no you're not thinking of wetting the bed again are you?" Luna said jokingly, "Don't worry, i literally did that a few minutes ago but you were still sleeping, my side of the bed is completely soaked right now."

"Show!" Chloe shouted as she pulled away the bed sheets.

Now Luna's soaked bed and pajama shorts were revealed, she was feeling the embarrassment now but meanwhile she also saw the sexy damp shorts of Chloe with her own faded stain on her bed.

Chloe shifted now to also sitting up right in bed next to Luna but slightly turned towards her and spread her legs wide open, Luna could see her pink panties peak through her leg hole. Chloe let out a loud sigh as immediately Luna could see how Chloe started pushing her pee in and through her grey pajama shorts, while some was also flowing out of her pants legs and onto the bed. Making her soggy shorts turn completely dark grey again while she was fully rewetting them. Luna could see how her pink panties were turning a darker shade of pink again while her pee was starting to pool around her now. Luna got massively turned on by this scene as her friend was without any shame relieving herself in her shorts and bed right next to her. Luna could feel the rest of her despair from earlier fading away with this glorious sight.

___

After some browsing on their phones under the blanket Chloe decided to go take a shower, Luna said she would follow right after and then start their day.

As Chloe got out of bed and walked to the shower with her fresh clothes Luna couldn't keep her eyes off of her, her shorts were drenched while clinging to her butt, the pee had crept up to her shirt as well. That's hot as hell Luna thought, and as Chloe locked the door she couldn't help to shove her hand in her shorts and start playing with herself, rubbing her clit and fingering herself with the scene replaying in her head of Chloe deliberately wetting her bed just minutes ago as well as her dream she has had earlier. Pressure was building up inside her and while playing, she was ecstatic from the pure pleasure she was feeling. When she finally reached her climax she felt herself squirting in her panties, not that she was worried wetting her panties more as they were already soaked anyway.

Luna realised both wetting and Chloe turned her on so much, but the combination of both togheter gave her the most incredible orgasms she had ever felt. Laying on her bed with her hand still in her pants, heavily panting and fully satisfied once more. She stayed like that, relaxing until it was her turn to shower.

___

Hot water was caressing her body while her mind wondered off, she couldn't deny anymore that she had completely fallen for Chloe at this point, she felt like a total moron. A lump formed in her throat again when she remembered how Chloe had said how happy she was they were best friends.

Luna came to the conclusion that there was nothing she could do besides trying to move on and accept they'll never be more than friends, because lingering over this is only gonna hurt her more. She had felt feelings for Chloe before these past days but she hadn't gotten hurt over it yet, until now that is.

But damn Chloe had looked cute in her soaked pajamas.

Shaking her head as if trying to get the thought out, she started to wash herself and think about something else.

___

They got dressed and headed out for lunch, Luna was wearing tight jeans short shorts with a blue top and Chloe went with comfortable shorts and a t-shirt. When Luna was picking out her clothes she realized when she was already in the shower that she had picked those clothes because she thought she looked sexy in them for Chloe... Again, what's the point? She felt like a moron again.

They went to one of the dining halls and as they were eating they were checking out in the app on their phones what they wanted to do next. Going over all the events and things to do they happily talked about the activities they saw passing by. They both got reminded how extensive the list of activities as that this ship had to offer. Just as they finished their lunch Chloe pointed out there was a theatre show starting very soon, maybe if they hurried they could catch it. Luna was all for as she had wanted to see it anyway so they quickly finished the rest of their food, downed their drinks and took one extra for underway as it was quite a walk still.

Luna could already feel her bladder start to fill as they left though.

They had made their way to the entrance of the hall where the show was being held and they got there right on time. Quickly looking around and reading the info on the panel next to the door how acces to the show actually worked and to their disbelief they realized they had made the trip for nothing. Tickets were free but you had to order them beforehand and the tickets for this show were all gone already.

Just as they wanted to leave dissapointed and empty handed they heard a familiar voice.

"Yo Luna, yo Chloe!" Emma and Billy shouted while they walked over to them.

They quickly caught up and started talking about their predicament and to Chloe and Luna's luck they had 2 extra tickets for the show, their parents were gonna be joining them but they changed their mind just a few minutes ago and let them go alone, so they gave the tickets to Luna and Chloe.

Lucky for them they will be seeing the show after all...

*047*2022-12-08 18:54

{{17 hours ago, Omo-G said:

Was worried when this got accidentally hidden, looking forward to the next group scene

}}

Apparently i broke a rule in chapter 9, there's a problem with the character 'Billy' so i'll do some edits once I get back from work.

Billy will be 2 years older now meaning he's 18+ 👍

Edit: Nevermind, i can't edit the older chapters anymore, i edited chapter 9 instead.

*048*2022-12-09 00:11

Chapter 11:

"We really need to hurry up though as the show is about to start and we still want to go to the shop to get drinks and food, popcorn and soda are included with the tickets for free by the way." Billy said.

Luna hurriedly said, "Yea and i still want to go to the toilet before the show starts! What about you guys?"

Chloe nodded yes,

Billy and Emma shook their heads saying no.

"Alright see you guys in a bit!" Luna said as she walked away.

Billy shouted after them, "We'll get you your drinks and food already if you want, else you'll be late!"

"Thanks that would be great!" Chloe and Luna shouted in unison

Chloe quickly joined her and they both went to go stand in line for the toilet, even the indicated toilets for the theatre had apparently red and green lights Luna noticed, what would happen if these would suddenly turn red? For example during the break?

Luna didn't ponder about it for too long, changing her mind about something else, she always bought a large soda when she went to the movies but often had to go to the toilet in the middle of the screening, she had fantasized in the past about letting go and wetting her pants and seat instead, of course she's way to shy for that for even thinking of actually doing that... But now in this scenario, it felt a lot more plausible. Accidents are allowed after all.

Overthinking it in her head Luna decided to talk to Chloe about her thoughts, after all she had been very accepting about her fetish so far, and clearly she enjoyed it as well, even in the morning when she wasn't drunk anymore she seemed open about it.

"Hey" Luna whispered, "What if these toilets turn red during the break, i saw a sign you can't leave the theatre and re-enter during a show."

Chloe thought for a bit and went over the options, "Well if the show turns out to be mediocre i guess we could just leave and go find a toilet and go do something else."

"But what if it's a killer show?" Luna asked with a frown.

"hmmm" Chloe squinted her eyes at Luna, "Are you implying what i'm thinking you're implying?"

Luna leaned in, now whispering so no one else could hear, "Is it weird if i said it's been a bit of a fantasy of mine?"

Chloe her eyes widened now, Luna blushed heavily as she had mentioned one of her deepest fantasies, although she had started to feel quite comfortable spilling her secrets about her kink to Chloe.

She could see Chloe ponder over it, but then it was their turn so they both went to the toilet and afterwards quickly rushed to their seats as they were definitely on the late side.

Luna and Chloe entered through the doors entering the theatre's hall, they were greatly impressed with how big the space was. It looked beautiful with balconies and amazing decorations, almost like in a fairytale.

"I don't believe we're still on the ship anymore, this is crazy." Chloe reacted.

The lights were already dimming by the time they got to their seats, Emma and Billy were already seated, they thanked them for their drinks and popcorn they had brought. Luna shared the big popcorn with Chloe as the show was about to start.

"So how long is this actually? I've never really been to a proper theatre show." Chloe confessed.

Emma and Billy both answered, "Three hours, with one break in the middle."

Luna was confused and surprised, she immediately realized they had a problem,

"Hold on what do you mean? That's like one hour and a half before and after break?!" Luna said shocked. "They have to know that with the drug in our systems it's literally impossible to hold for that long."

"Yep, our parents realized the same thing, that's why they suddenly decided to skip." Billy said.

Luna and Chloe glanced at each other, knowing what this meant.

Emma announced with a casual tone "On the app there was a small notice saying it's allowed to have accidents on these seats. So we're just gonna go in our pants during the show."

"Hold up, did she just say they're gonna wet themselves like it's the most normal thing to do during a show?" Chloe asked Luna while squinting her eyes a little bit.

Luna wondered, what will she and Chloe do, leave the theatre when they needed to pee? or join Emma and Billy? They really seemed to be ok with this situation, especially Emma.

Billy apologized, "I'm sorry, maybe we should've said that earlier, but honestly look around, we won't be the only ones with wet pants i'm guessing. When i think about it, i'm really surprised they got so many people to watch this, although i think a lot of people don't realize how long it takes until the break. So i'm curious what they're gonna do, will they just leave or wet themselves?"

"Look over there." said Chloe as she pointed behind them,

There were employees standing on the sides and in the back behind the seats, spread out over the theatre hall, they had clipboards in their hands.

"I feel like they're taking notes how people respond to this situation, this really does feel like a social experiment." Chloe said intrigued. "It almost feels like they do this on purpose, just like how the toilets rotate at the worst times."

"We noticed that as well," Billy said in agreement, "Emma is getting the hang of predicting the rotations sometimes."

Luna found this news interesting, apparently she hadn't paid enough attention to the rotations yet.

The show started as the last lights went out and everything went dark.

Everywhere on the ceiling they could now see what seemed to be the nightsky, stars were twinkling everywhere. She could hear people go "aah" and "ooh" as the show started. Suddenly what must've come from the balcony behind them was a guy in a impressive astronaut suit floating above them, he slowly made his way to the main stage as if he was in low gravity, Luna could just barely make out the wires he was connected with. She was really impressed with the production value already. As the main stage got revealed that looked like the moon where the astronaut landed, all while simulating the low gravity with the wires.

Luna quickly realized it was a play about what humanity had achieved with flight over the decades, she was immediately engrossed in it, with a quick glance to Chloe she noticed she wasn't the only one. Luna took a big sip from her coke and a big hand of popcorn while keeping her attention to the play.

About half an hour later the first part ended and she had loved it so far, in theatres there would be very small intermissions so the crew could do certain setup changes to change the background etc, this usually only took a few minutes, that's why a toilet break wasn't allowed during it and only allowed at the big break of 15 to 20 minutes, else people would walk through the hall during the play. But Luna her bladder had filled significantly over the time and she knew there was no way she was gonna make another half hour.

The lights in the hall went on as the small break of about 5mins started.

Not to anyone's surprise there were people who were getting up already, probably looking for a toilet, some seemed to be leaving, while others went back to their seats after talking to the employees at the doors confirming they couldn't re-enter after leaving. Luna glanced over to Chloe who looked back at her,

"Damn, if the show would've been mediocre i would've opted to leave instead of wet myself. But i gotta admit, it's pretty good so far and i'm actually considering staying." Chloe said while thinking.

"Same, the show is really good, but how embarrassing it will be when the show is over and the lights go on and we have to leave in soaked pants all the way to our room in the middle of the day?" Luna said, she was overthinking the situation out loud.

"How many of these people will also leave with wet pants you think?" Chloe asked, "I feel like i wouldn't be nearly as embarrassed if half of these people would leave with wet pants like us."

Luna now turned around to face Emma who was sitting next to her, "When you're gonna pee in your pants, aren't you gonna feel..."

Luna didn't finish her sentence as now with the lights on she noticed the dark blue stain on Emma's jeans shorts she was wearing,

"You already peed in your pants?" Luna asked surprised.

Emma stopped sipping from her coke, shrugged and responded in a down to earth manner, "Of course, i needed to pee before the show even started so i let go in my pants the moment the lights went out."

"Hold up," Luna remarked , "didn't you say you didn't need to pee when i asked you earlier, right before we went inside?"

"No? You only asked if i needed the bathroom." Emma replied in a smug way, "i definitely needed to pee. But why would i go to the bathroom if that means i'll be too late to also get snacks and be on time, all that just to end up with a full bladder half an hour later and wet myself anyway?"

Luna and Chloe both stared at Emma, they both opened their mouths to say something, then closed them again. Luna was dumbfounded at how casual Emma was acting while she was sitting in her soaked shorts and admitting she skipped the toilet to wet her shorts minutes later.

Chloe opened her mouth again, "I hate how i agree with you right now!"

They all started laughing now at this weird conversation and realizing Emma was weirdly right.

"Just go in your pants, it's fine." Emma comforted Luna and Chloe.

"Talking about a role switch, look who's comforting who now about wetting themselves." Chloe said while chuckling. "Last time we saw you we had to comfort you on the train."

Billy chimed in, "Yea i feel like my sis has gotten comfortable to just let go in her pants if necessary. But she's right though, no shame if you both wet yourself."

Luna had felt a bit nervous during the entire conversation, she had dreamed of a chance to wet herself and her seat in a place like this but on the other side, she had a hard time dealing with the embarrassment that would follow. They also had nothing with them to cover it up. However, just thinking about doing it was arousing her already.

"If you want to stay i'll stay as well." Chloe said, finally making a decision.

Just as she said it the lights started to dim again, guess they had waited to long to make a decision anyway, Luna and her overthinking always. She turned to Chloe now.

Luna confirmed, "Guess we're staying if it's ok with you, i do want to see the rest anyway."

"Ok then." Chloe responded

The show continued and it got even better, at some point two of the actors were floating above the audience in a mini retro airplane showing the first flight of the Wright brothers.

Luna's bladder was filling at a rapid rate now and she knew it wouldn't take much longer until she would start getting uncomfortable, there was absolutely no shot she was gonna make it until the break, correction, even if she left now she wasn't even sure she would make it to the toilet in time if the one outside would be on red. But instead of feeling panic she started to feel her excitement build, she won't be the only one with wet pants and remembering the words of Emma and Billy, no reason to be embarrassed about it. So no reason to really hold it anymore.

Luna leaned back in her seat a bit more and got comfy while she started relaxing her bladder. With just a little push she dampened her panties, quickly followed by another spurt doing some more damage. Still shouldn't be visible though Luna thought. It was giving her courage knowing Chloe and the others all would have wet their pants by the time the first break would come.

Luna started pushing a longer spurt in her pants now, feeling the warmth around her pussy as her pee was soaking in her panties and in her shorts, she could feel a trickle run down to her butt now, knowing this would definitely be visible if she would stand up with the lights on.

Her heart was beating faster while getting aroused knowing she was wetting her pants in the middle of hundreds of people, not only that but she would have to walk to her room afterwards with soaked pants. Luna felt like she should be panicking right about now but she was getting engrossed in fulfilling her long time fantasy.

Embarrassment had made way for enthousiasme now, Luna succumbed to the desire and decided she was gonna give her shorts a good soaking. She would figure out later how to deal with getting to their room. She grabbed a handful of popcorn which was standing on Chloe's lap and whispered in her ear: "I'm gonna piss myself."

There wasn't a lot of light in the room but just enough that she could see the playful expression on Chloe's face as she whispered.

"You're gonna enjoy this aren't you?"

Luna nodded with a slight grin on her face while she stuffed the popcorn in her mouth.

"This is scary, but i think i'm gonna join you, i think i want some support though." Chloe grinned, as she nodded towards somewhere between them.

To Luna's surprise she saw that Chloe had laid her hand spread out on the armrest between them with her palm upwards, Luna grabbed her hand almost instinctively. Her heart skipped a beat as she felt Chloe close her hand and intertwine their fingers. Luna felt ecstatic.

With her right hand now free she placed it on her crotch and relaxed, her pee came out on it's own now and to her delight she could feel her crotch warm up again and it quickly started spreading downwards. She was happily relieving herself in her pants and loved how she could feel her pee streaming through the fingers of her right hand, while also having the warm embrace from Chloe in her left hand.

Luna had died and gone to heaven.

At least that's what she felt like. At this point there was no possible return anymore, not that it mattered because she had no intention of stopping her stream anyway and kept emptying her bladder into her shorts. It was pooling around her butt and slowly soaking into the seat. Luna felt great, she was beaming as she had never thought she would ever get the chance to wet herself in a theatre seat, but here she was, fully pissing herself and enjoying it as much as possible.

Her stream finally died down and she let out a loud sigh, almost sad that it was over. Her crotch wasn't too bad it seemed but she knew the entire back of her pants must be soaked.

"Shit that was amazing, i loved it! Why was i even worried in the first place?" Luna said out loud towards Chloe, probably louder than she had intended.

Luna could feel a slight squeeze in her hand now coming from Chloe, she looked at her and noticed the blank expression on her face, she glanced down to her crotch and just as she was looking there was a stronger light coming from the stage which was enough for Luna to see the dark spot grow on Chloe's red shorts. Luna couldn't help grinning while she watched how Chloe was wetting herself in her seat as well.

Luna focused her attention back on the play now while basking in the glory of her wet pants.

To her surprise Chloe didn't pull away her hand even after she had emptied her bladder which she had predicted would happen. Luna didn't either so they kept holding hands throughout the play.

While the play continued she could feel her bladder filling up again after a while, the big coke was definitely helping as she kept sipping from it through the show. Luna happily let go again in her shorts and kept doing it for the remainder of the show further soaking them until it was time for the break.

They all wanted a refill for their drinks but Luna and Chloe were quite apprehensive about walking to the shop in their wet shorts. Emma and Billy volunteered to go instead. Luna had a clear view now as Emma and Billy walked away, Billy was wearing black shorts so it wasn't very visible, you could still see it under full light but the contrast was big compared to Emma her pants. Her behind had a much darker blue stain as she could see her butt was soaked.

Now Luna noticed quite a good amount of people had left the theatre by now, she assumed all people that didn't feel it worth to leave in wet pants at the end of the show, she could totally understand of course. But to her own surprise, there were still about half of the people left. Plenty of other people were now going to what she assumed to the shop for snacks and drinks. She could already tell a good amount of people had wet pants, they had nothing to worry about as she got confirmation they wouldn't be the only ones with soaked pants at the end of the show.

They got their soda refills and started happily chatting again while sipping from their drinks, the play started again and they all shut up as they watched the show.

Unfortunately she had let go of Chloe's hand when the lights came on again, Luna really wanted to hold her hand again. A little voice was reminding her of what she had said in the shower, to try and get over Chloe but she chose to ignore it.

Chloe hadn't offered her hand anymore like before, so why not try? Chloe had initiated it the first time so Luna initiated this time, she placed her hand on the armrest with her palm up like Chloe had done earlier, she was a bit nervous about it but suddenly she felt Chloe her hand, she closed her fingers and they intertwined with hers. They quickly glanced at each other and they both had a grin on their face and quickly focused their gaze on the play again.

Luna wasn't sure what it meant but this was definitely not helping her getting over her crush.

Luna would keep letting go in her pants whenever she felt like for the remainder of the play.

She assumed the others were doing the same.

The play came to an end and the crowd applaused, it really was a good show the four of them thought. But now the lights came on and they were supposed to leave...

Luna had thought she would start to panic more than this, but actually, she was pretty calm. As people started standing up she started noticing the predicament of other people.

Some were binding some sweather around their waist but as the temperature was decently high most people didn't have extra clothes with them. Some girls had dresses and skirts on, so obviously they had just hiked them up and wet their panties or taken them off and went commando. A little girl stood up in the row in front of them with a dress, probably about the age of Emma and she could see the entire back of her dress got soaked. She hadn't even bothered to hike it up Luna realized.

They started making their way to the exit now together with the rest of the people, Luna did notice that Chloe was quite a bit more uncomfortable than her. She did her best to comfort her as they made their way out of the theatre and once exiting she noticed how the crowd started to disperse. Which also meant they would start to stand out more with their soaked pants.

They quickly shared phone numbers with Emma and Billy as they had asked if they wanted to meet up later for dinner perhaps, they had told their parents about them and apparently they wouldn't mind if they joined them for dinner some time. Luna and Chloe happily agreed and they said their goodbyes to each other.

They walked to their room now going through the hallways, it was impossible to avoid other people as the hallways were often crowded, they even had to cross through a group of people. Luna was a bit embarrassed but it wasn't too bad, obviously people noticed their wet pants but it seemed nobody really paid attention to it, or at least they weren't bothered enough about it to have a reaction. They were walking through a hallway which connected to several other parts of the ship so there were quite some people passing by here, but yet again, nobody seemed to be bothered reacting to their wet pants. There was a toilet a little bit further in the hallway.

Suddenly they heard a familiar voice shouting from behind them.

"Let me through please! Emergency! Oh god please move i'm gonna piss myself!"

They suddenly saw Peyton bolt past them with her hands crammed in her crotch holding herself, she looked like she was seconds away from losing control over her bladder. Stopped in the middle of the hallway, squirmed for a few seconds, she seemed to regain control a little bit and started to wobble towards the toilet now. Luna was pretty sure she had caught a glimpse of a wet spot on the back of her jeans as she wobbled away.

Peyton had made it to the entrance of the toilet, "NO NO NO NO this can't be!!!!" as she dropped on her knees in front of the toilet.

Luna and Chloe had now caught up enough to see the light was on red. Peyton was making a scene though and people were all looking in their direction, seeing what was the drama exactly about.

"I literally ran across the entire ship just to find one green toilet, how is this possible..." Peyton was sobbing on the floor.

Luna could now see her jeans had a dark spot at her crotch, she was still trying to hold it but wasn't running anymore, her fight must've been going for quite a while apparently.

"Finally she gave up, i thought she would never stop running." Vicky said from behind them.

They greeted Vicky while Peyton was still sobbing on the ground and making a scene a little bit further away from them. Vicky clearly had wet herself looking at the wet patch on her overall she was wearing, although she didn't seem to be fazed about it at all.

Peyton was getting a good amount of attention from onlookers by now when suddenly she recognized the big black man from a few days earlier in the pool walking towards her.

Luna had almost forgotten how big he was when he towered above everyone else.

With a soft but deep and rumbling voice, "Girl why you making a scene? Just go in your pants already, you're just making a fool of yourself trying to hold it."

"b-bu-but..." Peyton stammered and stuttered. "I can't just wet myself in front of everyone..."

"Of course you can, nobody will bat an eye."

While the tower of a man seemed to be comforting Peyton in his own way he pointed to his girlfriend, or more so, her pants. Which only now Luna realized had a big wet patch expanding down her legs. She was really attractive and had a light brown skin color. Funny how she hadn't even noticed her wet pants yet.

He and his girlfriend seemed to have seen enough and went on their own way again as they started walking away, but not before the woman saying something to Peyton.

"A small piece of advice princess, you can sit there and wait for the inevitable to happen, or... let go and you'll feel a lot better."

Whether it was the advice from the woman or just Peyton losing control but Luna could now see a puddle forming under Peyton, she was fully wetting herself now in her jeans.

"See, don't you feel a lot better now?" Vicky asked while she walked up to Peyton and tried comforting her.

Peyton was just sobbing on the floor in her own puddle. People started to move on now and mind their own business again.

After Peyton got it together she left with Vicky, while Luna and Chloe continued walking towards their own room which wasn't too far away anymore.

Chloe started explaining something she had noticed to Luna, "So nobody seemed to react, notice or rather care about our own wet pants when we were walking through the hallways right?"

Yea you're right, actually i had almost forgotten i was still in my wet pants." Luna chuckled.

Chloe continued, "But Peyton has an accident after holding it and whole potty dance routine etc, you name it, but did you see how embarrassing it was and how many people noticed and saw that?"

"Yea pretty much everyone... oooh that's what you mean, people don't really care that much if you wet yourself, it's only when you yourself are making a scene out of it people will pay attention." Luna said now understanding what Chloe meant.

"Exactly, like we've seen multiple people with wet pants or seeing them wet themselves and did we really care? Like the woman in the elevator last night, she completely soaked her pants." Chloe said.

Luna chimed in now, "But then we see Peyton lose control while she was very much dying from embarrassment and... i felt really bad for her, omg you're right!"

While still walking towards their room they passed a group of people, Chloe came to her conclusion now, "So basically if you accept it and just let go on purpose instead of making a huge deal out of it like Peyton, nobody really cares that much if you wet your pants, well at least on this crazy cruise of course."

Suddenly Chloe stopped dead in her tracks,

"So... that means..." Chloe said in a mysterious tone.

Luna had no idea what she was talking about, but she turned around and waited for Chloe, now looking at her waiting to say something.

Chloe: "...."

"What are you..." Luna didn't finish her sentence as she could suddenly hear a hissing noise, and a wet patch quickly formed on the front of Chloe's crotch with droplets falling from her shorts which quickly turned into streams, she was letting go in her shorts rewetting them completely.

"Holy shit Chloe, are you actually pissing yourself in the middle of the hallway!?" Luna said with her eyes wide opened.

Some people of the group they had passed earlier had turned around to see what was happening, but Luna couldn't really tell if they even had reacted as they already continued on their way.

"Ok i can't believe i'm doing this, but i had to go anyway and it feels kinda good honestly." Chloe sheepishly admitted.

Suddenly a door opened of one of the rooms close to where they were standing and a man stepped out. He saw Chloe who was still relieving herself in her shorts with an expanding puddle underneath her on the carpet, he shook his head, rolled his eyes and just walked away through the hallway without even muttering a word.

Chloe her stream subsided and the two girls looked at each other to start laughing a second later, they were snickering at how surreal that experience just was. They calmed down a little bit and Luna realized she also had to pee like Chloe.

"You know what also would be funny?" Luna said while still snickering.

"No, but please tell." Chloe said.

Luna: "...."

"What are... oh ok i get it." Chloe said when she could hear the hissing start and started to laugh again.

Luna didn't even feel any shame while she was having fun with her best friend, not even scared at getting caught at this point. Tears were rolling from their cheeks from laughter while the splattering could be heard from the stream hitting the carpet. Luna was completely rewetting her shorts now. They had been sitting down in the theatre so their backs got soaked but the front had gotten mostly spared, but now both girls their fronts of their shorts had a big wet patch as well. Neither cared though as they were having too much fun with this.

They finally made it to their room, Luna couldn't believe she had passed literally dozens of people with visibly soaked shorts.

"I can't believe we just did that... so many people must have seen our wet pants!" Luna squeeled

"i'm still shaking, i kid you not!" Chloe squeeled even louder.

When they finally calmed down both girls started to change clothes and prepare for dinner with Emma, Billy and their parents.

