Omo Poem

Author: Astolfosuki

*000*2013-04-26 00:18

First attempt of writing a poem on omorashi, but I hope for the best of it.

Jumping up and down,

Swifting from foot to foor.

Desperate to release her holy water,

Before the inevitable happens.

All I can do was steal glances at her,

She might have notice,

But nothing can be done.

Because we are both concealed here.

Her blushing face,

Sweat beated forehead,

Expresses her agony and distriess.

Yet there is no word to describe how beautiful this view is.

I feel like the luckiest person alive,

Because I get witness something like this.

Something so indecent yet pure

My heart beats faster,

As the wait was coming to an end.

Then comes a thud.

She was kneeling facing the looked door.

Both her hands buried inside her skirt.

A tear slide down her red blushing face.

Only a few more moment,

Before the on coming tortue and relieve.

Then it happens.

A gasp,

Then hissing that fills the empty space.

This is the sound she dreads to hear,

But the sound that I'm waiting for.

At that very moment,

It was like I'm in heaven.

The hissing ceased to exist,

But the golden puddle didn't stop growing.

There was no point in fighting anymore,

She has done it and she know.

Slowly I wrap my arms,

Around her small, fragile, shaking body.

And she quickly buried her face in my slender shoulder,

Hoping this would all go away.

For me, however,

I hope it would last forever,

This very moment,

Where I saw an angel,

That brought me to paradise.

