Desperate at Wimbledon

Author: Guest DESPERATIONMAN

*000*2015-07-03 00:50

Maria Smith was a female umpire from London, aged just 25. With a near perfect body, gorgeous complexion, beautiful deep blue eyes and fashionable dark blonde hair, she was one of the most popular umpires on tour, from spectators and players alike. An exceptional talented woman, she achieved all her qualifications to become one of the youngest tennis umpires in history. Furthermore, impressive displays at the lower ranking events had earned her more exposure at a higher level, and now Maria was about to officiate at Wimbledon for the first time in her career.

The first match she had been given to umpire was a massive one as well, World No.1 and defending champion from Spain Carla Gutierrez against multiple grand slam champion from Holland, Kimi Haase, who had done well to recover from a serious injury to be ready to make her big injury comeback. Dubbed 'match of the round' by the media, Maria was set to make her Wimbledon officiating debut on centre court live in front of millions of people.

Maria woke up, seemingly unaware of how big this day would be for her. She continued her normal routine, emptying her bladder loudly into the toilet bowl, before getting dressed. Despite the strict dress code at Wimbledon for umpires and players alike, Maria liked to feel good about herself, so she slipped on her sexiest pair of black silk lingerie, admiring her beautiful body in the mirror as she got changed.

"God, you look gorgeous,' her boyfriend spoke up, coming out of his deep sleep.

"Thanks, if you're lucky, you might see more later," she winked, putting her umpires uniform on.

"I'll hold you to that, can't wait to see you on TV this afternoon, knowing you'll be coming home to me" he declared.

"Oh my God, I'm so nervous, what if I make a big mistake?" Maria had been worrying about this ever since the draw came out. Before this, the biggest match she had umpired was a French Open Round 3 match with very little interest, and very few spectators. Now, she would have every decision analysed, every hiccup challenged.

"Just remember what you've been taught all this time and you'll be great." he reassured her. "Now let's get you a coffee, you need to be sharp for later."

###

Maria sat in the members lounge of the All England Tennis Club, watching the tennis while sipping a large glass of complementary orange juice. She was so nervous, that she kept getting dehydrated, yet also couldn't stop running to loo every fifteen minutes. Her bladder had always been somewhat of a problem for her. At school, she once had an accident at the age of 16, after a particular harsh history teacher wouldn't let her use the toilet while she was in absolute agony, while once in a cross country race, she became so desperate for a wee that she was forced to abandon the race, and relieve herself in a bush, only to be discovered by several members of the school's rugby team, and photographed.

As umpires are not allowed to leave their seat during the duration of a match, Maria had realised that her bladder could become a problem, so she had worked on strengthening her weak muscle. To do this, Maria would deny herself the bathroom and fill up on liquids to test her resolve. This often resulted in her soaking her knickers initially, however in the privacy of her home, she didn't mind too much, and her bladder hadn't caused her too many problems since she began umpiring. She had ended a few three hour marathons with crossed legs, but had never come too close to wetting herself yet. The score in the men's tennis match was 6-3 5-7 2-2, and Maria's match would follow, so she figured she had one and a half hours at least before she had to be ready. Feeling her bladder fill up again, she decided she would end her discomfort and use the bathroom again.

However once she got to the bathroom, she pushed the door, but it wouldn't budge. A cleaner walked passed, and explained they were closed for the next hour.

"You'll have to use the public ones love," she told her.

Maria groaned, her beauty meant that she had become increasingly popular in the UK with the male population, and she didn't particularly fancy having to walk through the packed grounds of Wimbledon in order to relieve herself. However she was desperate, so went off to the loo without too much complaining. Predictably, she was asked to pose for at least ten selfies on the way, fighting the urge to hold herself during them, and eventually, she reached the queue, only to find at least twenty ladies ahead of her. She sighed, before joining the line and standing with her legs crossed, relieving some of the pressure. She had reached fourth in the queue, when an official ran to her.

"Maria, Carlos retired, the match is over. You're up next, you need to get ready" her senior told her.

"But I really need to use the loo," she protested.

"I'm sorry, but we can't wait any longer," he explained, slightly mesmerised by the dance she was doing to ease the urge.

"Urgh okay," she groaned, leaving the line and proceeding to the court.

###

'And please welcome your umpire today, Maria Smith" Maria waved shyly as a cheer erupted across centre court. She was now seated in her chair and watching the players warming up. The urge had eased slightly, however she still hoped the match would be over quickly, so she could use the loo without any embarrassment. Carla was swatting serves down relentlessly, and Maria admired her beautiful tanned skin, and her large breasts visible when she served. Kimi was similarly beautiful, tall, with gorgeous blonde hair and a slim body, with slightly smaller breasts. Many touted this game as the most beautiful in history, with the two players regularly appearing in top 5 hottest player polls, and Maria herself seen as stunningly good looking. The two had finished their warm up, Maria winced slightly as Kimi took a large swig from her water, reminded of her own predicament.

'Kimi Haase to serve. Play' Maria announced. 'That felt good.' her internal monologue began. 'Yeah, not as good as a toilet would though.' she bitterly thought to herself. 'Just focus on the match, it will be over soon and everything will be fine.' Maria crossed her legs and shuffled periodically during the opening half an hour, hoping not to draw attention to her predicament. After thirty five minutes, the score was 4-3 to Haase, the two had both played out several length games, both spurning break point opportunities. Unfortunately for Maria, it was one of the hottest days of the year, so she simply had to keep drinking water in order to avoid falling to the heat. She reckoned she had drank a small bottle seven games in, on top of the orange juice she failed to release before, and the coffee she suspected was still in her system.

Considering her aching bladder, Maria had performed excellently, even earning applause from Carla after an excellent overrule on one of her serves which had looked long. However the more full of liquid her bladder became, the more she doubted her ability to make the correct decisions. By 5-4, Maria was struggling to sit still, and she was exasperated when Kimi missed five set points, meaning instead of moving to the second set, the score went to 5-5. 'Game Gutierrez' she announced, trying to hide her disappointment. The set eventually went to a tiebreaker, which Haase won 10-8, in a set taking over an hour. Maria had noticed Carla looked in discomfort at the change of ends at 6-5, shifting in her seat, and occasionally looking exasperatedly at her camp. At the end of the set, it became clear why.

"I have to pee sooooo badly," Carla explained, taking the bathroom break which is permitted for players at the end of a set. Maria was left there, to watch as Kimi took another deep swig of the water. Maria could only imagine as Carla entered the loo, white panties by her ankles as she released her pent up pee in the bowl. Her gorgeous Spanish pussy visible as she moaned in relief to finally being able to end her desperation.

Indeed, Carla came back looking relieved, and remarked to Maria as she passed the chair 'Thought I was going to piss myself then' Maria offered a weak smile, as 'wetting herself' was something at the top of her worries at that moment in time. The players resumed the second set, and Maria hoped Kimi would win it quickly, for the sake of her dignity. As Maria was forced to continue drinking, her problem only got worse, and by 4-4 in the second set, she was absolutely bursting, barely able to sit still, digging her hands into her crotch. Carla was serving, but Maria could hardly concentrate.

0-15

Carla slammed a forehand into the net.

0-30

Carla smashed a back hand long, unleashing a loud scream of despair. This caused Maria shock, and her hand darted to her pussy as a spurt threatened to come out.

0-40

A double fault from Carla, Maria meanwhile was trying to contort her body in a way to prevent any further leakage.

'Game Haase' Maria could hardly contain her excitement, as she knew relief was one held service game away. However this was to be short-lived, as in the next game, two match points came and went for Haase, and she broke back. "Game Gutierrez' the sorrow in her tone was evident, and was met with a disbelieving stare. Gutierrez won the tiebreaker 7-3 eventually, and Maria groaned in despair for her poor bladder as she was forced to hold on for another set. "I'm desperate for the loo" Kimi announced, walking off court to pee. "Same here" Maria muttered under her breathe.

As Kimi had a much needed wee, Carla decided to confront Maria. "What the fuck is your problem?" she asked.

Maria tried to remain calm, ""Code violation warning, Miss Gutierrez," she announced, digging her hand into her crotch.

"Why do you sound so pissed off" - the word 'pissed' didn't help Maria, as she willed her muscles to hold on - "when ever I win a game."

"I-I-I'm sorry.." the first spurt of pee leaked into her knickers as her face turned bright red "that you feel that way, but it's not true"

"Whatever," Carla lamented, as she took a long swig of her drink, causing Maria to close her eyes and grimace again. Kimi came back looking refreshed, and the match continued.The match was now two and a half hours old, and Maria was well aware that when training her bladder for being an umpire, she had lasted longer than this. She was wondering if this was the most desperate she had ever been. it was between this and the taxi ride home from her friend's 21st birthday party, where she ended up wetting herself on her own doorstep. Yet that was in front of her boyfriend, who found it sexy. This was in front of millions of people, many of whom would view her wetting herself as unprofessional and gross. Three long games saw Kimi move ahead 2-1, and Maria could hardly take it any more, after two more spurts leaked. She called the head of Wimbledon over to the chair during the changeover.

"Look, you've got to let me have a toilet break, I am absolutely dying for the loo," she exclaimed in what she thought was a barely audible whisper. However, fatefully, as the gasp on centre court revealed, she had left her microphone on, and the whole stadium knew she was on the verge of wetting herself.

"For God's sake Maria, you can hold it. You're a professional umpire not a child."

"Look, if you don't want this seat to be soaked in my pee by the end of this match, I suggest you let me go,"

"If you disgrace this tennis club, we shall let you go permanently," he slunked off to his seat.

A tear fell out of Maria's eye, as she desperately tried to avoid just emptying her bladder there and then. Carla, who was still annoyed about before, was loving it, and took the opportunity during the changeover to swish the water around in her mouth.

"You have no idea how good it felt to pee, it was better than cumming" Carla winked at the umpire. Maria just wanted to crawl in a hole a die, there was no way she'd end the match dry. Furthermore, Carla was now deliberately slowing down her time serving between points, seemingly delighting in Maria's now inevitable squirming.

An hour later, and Maria was somehow miraculously dry, despite Carla's repeated attempts to make her more desperate. A few more spurts had leaked, and Maria could now barely speak or concentrate on the match, and was forced to sit with her legs tightly crossed, keeping as much pressure on her pulsing bladder as possible, but she was still dry. Forget Karen's 21st, this stood alone as the most desperate she had ever been. It was 9-8 with Carla serving at 15-40, suddenly, it looked as though the bathroom was in sight for Maria. She just had to hold it together for a few more seconds. Ace. 30-40, Maria moaned as she felt another spurt burst its way through. Carla went to serve again, but missed it clearly. Her second serve came in, landed smack on the line, and bamboozled her opponent. 'OUT' Maria yelled.

Carla looked at Maria, "You fucking joking?" she had no challenges left, so her overrule meant that she had lost. The crowd were speechless, they saw it was in, Carla saw it was in, Kimi saw it was in and Maria saw it was in. "Game, set and match Miss Haase"

Maria danced down from the chair, avoiding eye contact with any of the players or the crowd. Kimi was shocked, Carla was furious, and the crowd were just confused. In the safety of the officials area, Maria burst in to tears, and grabbed her crotch desperately, frantically looking for the toilets, as she was still new to SW19. She heard an angry Spanish voice and was forced to run as fast as her bursting bladder would allow her to find the loos, as the longest spurt of the afternoon escaped, now visible through her white trousers. She finally found the ladies, but while frantically pushing the door, realised it was still closed. Now with two options, Maria could either wet herself there and then, or use the mens opposite. She took the opposite option, as another spurt of pee left her urethra, pooling in her panties and dampening her bum.

She barged into the men's, already in the process of removing her trousers. However she found both the stalls in the men's locked, forcing her to make use of the urinal. Upon being so close to relief, her bladder finally gave up. Sitting on the urinal, she didn't bother to remove her already soaked panties, instead wetting straight through them. The slit of her pussy was obvious as the pee dribbled out, before a full on stream soaked her knickers and splashed into the urinal. She felt more aroused than she had ever felt in her life as her pubic hair was drenched by urine and she pulled the elastic of the waistband of her knickers, watching her wee attack the fabric of her panties. After two minutes, her pee finally ended, and as a confused male tennis player left the stall, she ran inside, firstly to remove her drenched panties, and then to take care of her second urgent need of the day.

*001*2015-07-03 18:51

Well that was better then my story. I'm interested in seeing where your one goes. Good job.

*003*2015-07-05 01:09

When will we see a continuation?

*004*2015-07-05 22:45

Despite the initial relief, the next few months were hell for Maria. Her lack of professionalism led to her suspension from umpiring for two months, and she was forced to publicly apologise to Carla for her poor judgement. Fans of the World No. 1 had sent death threats to Maria, after Kimi went on the lift the trophy at the end of the tournament, while her reputation was in tattered after the whole world heard her admit live on centre court that she was bursting for the toilet. Nonetheless, by the time the US Open came around, Maria had served her suspension and was ready to umpire again.

After several good performances umpiring the games on the outside court, Maria had been promised she could umpire whichever match was placed on the night session on the main stadium. As fate would have it, the match they opted to put at this time was the now-World number 3 Carla Gutierrez against French rising star 18 year old Caroline Clement. Maria's heart sank as she found out, as she knew that the whole Wimbledon incident would be thrown into the spotlight again. She sat on the bed of her 5 star hotel room in New York, watching the highlights of the previous days tennis. She was sat in her pink bra and panties, waiting patiently for her boyfriend to get out of the shower so she could use the loo. However Maria quickly became enraged when Carla's press conference ahead of her match against Clement came on.

Interviewer: You may or may not know this yet, but English umpire Maria Smith has been chosen to officiate your match tomorrow, what are your thoughts on that?

Carla: I can't believe the tennis federation have even let her back to be honest, I lost at Wimbledon because of her, so this makes me a big underdog tomorrow. I hope for once that she can be professional in her job and umpire fairly this time, for the sake of the game. Umpires like her are why the game isn't taken so seriously any more.

"The fucking bitch" Maria snarled through gritted teeth, as the press conference continued.

Interviewer: Last time she umpired one of your matches, she had a bit of a problem staying focussed, so to speak. Can you see a repeat of that tomorrow?

Carla: I suggest she should use the bathroom before this match this time, if me and Caroline can hold onto our bladders while taking on all these extra fluids, I don't see why she can't.

Interviewer: Maria could possibly be watching, do you have any words for your umpire tomorrow?

Carla: Hi sweetie, try and be a big girl tomorrow, I don't want to slip up on your pee.

The journalists joined together in laughter, as Maria angrily turned the TV off. "Honey, are you nearly done in there, I have to pee."

Her boyfriend unlocked the door to let her in, as Maria slid her panties down and sat on the toilet seat. "I can't believe that fucking cow," she ranted, as the pee began to trickle out of her urethra. "Trying to embarrass me on national television, I wish there was a way I can get back at her." Her urine continued to hit the toilet water at full pelt, with an accompanying hiss. She held her mouth wide open with relief as her bladder emptied.

"You're so fucking hot when you pee," her boyfriend remarked, admiring her neatly shaved pussy as it continued to unleash a jet of pee. Maria smiled cutely as she wiped, before flushing and embracing him in a passionate kiss. "Come on then!" he exclaimed, ripping off her bra and lifting her over to the bed, as she shrieked with laughter, before they inevitably made love to each other.

"I'm not sure I can do this tomorrow," Maria cried, as the sober reality of the events yet to come kicked in.

"Don't worry, I have a plan." he winked, as he found a way genius to get revenge.

###

New York, 7:04pm

Maria's boyfriend worked part time as a groundsperson at the US Open, so was responsible for preparing the stadium before the matches began. His job also entailed preparing water for the players to use during the match, which he planned to take advantage for. Slipping diuretics into all the bottles of water would result in Carla becoming desperate to use the toilet, and would ruin her reputation, after she contributed to his girlfriend’s decline. Carla never condemned her fans for sending death threats to Maria, merely saying they have a right to express their opinion, and it was her official complaint to the authorities at Wimbledon that led to Maria’s suspension being increased from two weeks to two months. Of course, her opponent would become affected as well, but that was his necessary consequence. He just needed to warn Maria not to drink the water and everything would be okay. On his way back, he happened to see Carla coming out of a practise session.

“Hey, Carla Gutierrez right?” he asked.

“Yes. What do you want?” she coldly replied.

“I’m Tom Williams, I’m a huge fan of yours; can I get a selfie?” he asked.

She sighed, and reluctantly posed for the selfie with Tom, before trying to leave.

“Oh, I’ve got some water here if you want some, that practice looked tiring,” he resisted the urge to break out into a snigger.

Carla smiled weakly, “Thanks kid, hope you enjoy the match.” She took a long sip of water, completely unaware of what hell her bladder was about to go through.

###

The ladies toilet, 7:28pm

Maria sighed in relief, as she loudly emptied her bladder into the toilet bowl. She had been anxious to go for a while, after getting stuck in traffic on her way to the court, and was relieved she had time to pee beforehand on this occasion. She got a mysterious text from Tom asking to see her before the match started, but she wouldn’t have time, as she was due on centre court any moment. Her blissful pee was interrupted by a loud banging.

“Hurry up, some people are desperate out here!”

Maria knew that voice, it was her old rival Carla Gutierrez. Sure enough, on the other side of that door, Carla was dancing on her toes, doing anything to prevent herself from wetting herself minutes before the match. She pushed her tennis skirt into her pussy to put more pressure on her overactive bladder.

“Fuck, that water went straight through me,” she complained to a member of her entourage, now hopping from foot to foot and shifting her thighs together. She heard the toilet flush, and the tap go, Carla tried to compose herself, however hearing the slow trickle of water was torturous for her, and she winced while whoever was behind those doors took her precious time. Maria kept her head down as she walked out.

“Good plan, Smith. Don’t want to piss yourself again, do you?” Carla smirked.

Maria kept walking past, noticing the fact that Carla had both her hands pressed into her fanny. Why had she left it that late before peeing?

“Miss Gutierrez, you need to be on court now,” a tournament official said.

“No, I need to piss now.” Carla frantically dashed into the toilet, making sure to lock the door. She ripped her panties off, and began to unleash the torrent of pee into the bowl. Carla moaned in relief as she drained her unusually full bladder of every last drop. Even once she had finished, she didn’t feel as good as she hoped she would, instead feeling washed out and exhausted. Putting it down to nerves, she wiped her pussy, flushed, washed her hands and proceeded to get ready to go on court.

“You’re five minutes late, Caroline’s been out there just waiting,” the official snarled.

“I’m the one the crowd came to see, they can wait five minutes,” Carla rolled her eyes, preparing her tennis rackets, while trying to compose herself into the dominant persona she liked to display.

She walked on court to a chorus of boos, as she saw Caroline and Maria at the net, laughing. “Probably talking about how she’s going to fuck me over today.” Carla thought to herself. She got to the net, failing to show anything other than a steely cold glare, trying to intimidate her much younger opponent. Maria explained the rules, as usual, while Carla looked on, trying to focus all her attention on the match ahead.

“Hope you wore diapers today,” Carla murmured under her breath. As the warm up progressed, Carla began to feel discomfort in her stomach, and was struggling to move as well as usual. ‘I just peed, why do I have to go again?’ she thought to herself, feeling her bladder twinge as she went to hit a serve. She played through the pain, however she struggled to get her usual pace on the serve. In the hot conditions, both players went to get a drink at the change of ends, although Carla really didn’t want to, as her bladder was filling up at double quick time. It was Carla to serve first, and as usual, she was first to the baseline, keen to move on with what she expected to be a demolition.

First serve, straight into the net. ‘Okay, no problem,’ she thought. However the second serve was weak, and Caroline returned it with venom, with Carla failing to even get a racquet on it. ‘0-15’ Carla gingerly moved to the other side of the court, well aware she was now once again desperate for the toilet. The movement of the serve increased the pressure on her bladder, so she had to be careful to avoid any leaking. A tame second serve was again hit back with interest, and Caroline took control of the rally quickly, finishing off with a volleyed winner. ’0-30.’ ‘Okay focus, you’re not six, get to the end of the set, then you can use the restroom.’ A double-fault followed. ‘0-40.’ Carla looked exasperated, she had no explanation for her overactive bladder. ‘Come on, you’re a grand slam champion, you can do better than this.’ She fought past the pain barrier to hit an ace. ’15-40’. However the joy was short lived, as Caroline ripped a backhand winner to take the game.

Soon, it was 5-0 to Caroline, and Carla was absolutely bursting for the loo. She spent the entire changeover with her hands buried in her crotch, hidden by her towel, murmuring to herself in Spanish. She bounced her knees up and down, and occasionally gasped as spurts of pee threatened to leak. However, she noticed her opponent was struggling with something as well. Caroline, who had looked composed for much of the first set kept glancing up at her box, mouthing something to her coach. Could it be she had to pee too? Her body language suggested this, with her legs tightly crossed together. Her beautiful young face looked anxious, but she knew she was very shy, so wouldn’t speak up unless it was urgent. It was Caroline’s turn to serve, and part of Carla wanted her to win the game so she could get to a restroom soon.

Caroline was in uncharted territory, she had never taken a set off any of the world’s best, yet she was one game away from earning a 6-0 set against the World No. 3. However crucially, she was also in dire need of relief. She felt fine before the match, and as usual with a pre-match routine, she used the toilet ten minutes beforehand. Normally with quite a strong bladder, Caroline felt as though if she didn’t win the set in this game, she would wet herself. She went to serve, ace. ’15-0’ Carla barely moved for the ball, and doubled over afterwards, seemingly close to tears.

Again, Caroline served, and Carla barely got it back, with a powerful forehand winning the point for the Frenchwoman. ’30-0’. ‘Two more points,’ Caroline thought, as she adjusted her skirt. She threw the ball up in the air, but felt her bladder muscles twinge, and she dropped it. ‘Sorry’ she exclaimed, as she willed her peehole to remain firm. She tried again, and served another ace. ’40-0’ And as Carla netted another forehand, that was game and set, but most importantly, a bathroom break.

“I have to pee,” was all Carla could muster, as she tried to maintain her dignity walking off court.

“Me too,” Caroline shyly murmured, following her higher ranked opponent out.

As soon as they were away from the crowd, Carla bent down in agony.

“Jesus, I have to go soooo bad” she exclaimed.

“Me too, I’m bursting to go,” as she approached the bathroom door.

“No, I’m going first. I’m the grand slam champion here,” Carla barged through, with her hand now buried in her pussy.

“Oh… okay,” Caroline felt bitterly towards that statement, but was too quiet to express how she really felt. She was left standing outside the bathroom desperately dancing from toe to toe in the name of holding it in.

Carla had reached the bathroom, but she now had a problem. The sight of the toilet had doubled her need to go, and she felt if she moved, she’d wet herself. As she edged closer, a long spurt leaked out, visible through her white panties. With one final push, she pulled her panties down out of the way, and was finally able to release her pent up fluids into the bowl, feeling almost orgasmic as the pee exploded out of her aching bladder. Caroline could hear the whole thing, and was forced to bite her lip and literally hold her peehole in order to prevent an accident.

Tears stained her youthful eyes, as she felt her knickers dampen with her own hot urine. Finally, she heard the toilet flush, and Carla eventually came out, looking relieved. Caroline ran in, tightly holding on, before unleashing a torrent of pee which had been building up inside of her like a tsunami. She groaned as her aching peehole was finally able to let go. Returning to court, she was able to take a long big drink, after trying to avoid it during the first set.

“Caroline, could you pass me a bottle please?” the umpire asked. Maria had noticed a thirst, and since she didn’t feel remotely in need of the toilet, she felt it would be safe to have a drink.

“Sure,” Caroline smiled, passing her a bottle. At this point, Maria’s boyfriend was desperately trying to get attention, after failing to warn her about the diuretics he had placed in the water. But it was too late, as Maria took a big swig, unknowing that she was going to have another uncomfortable evening.

Three games into the second set, and Carla had stormed to a 3-0 lead. However she was far from comfortable. Once again, her bladder had filled up extremely quickly, and as a result, she could hardly sit still at the changeover. Her opponent wasn’t much better, in fact worse, silently murmuring to herself as she felt the pressure of liquid on her peehole. And now Maria once again found herself bursting for a wee, but was desperate not to betray her need, as she didn’t want people to view her as incompetent. Maria had noticed both players seemed to have to go to, and was amazed at how full her own bladder had become, given that she used the loo before the match, and didn’t have to go at all ten minutes earlier.

Another two games passed, and Carla was now 5-0 up. Caroline had collapsed in this set, and looked on the verge of tears at several points. She resorted to openly holding herself at times, and between every point, she couldn’t stand still. Carla was having problems as well, having to clench with all her might to prevent leakage on certain occasions, while Maria simply sat there, absolutely dying to use the toilet. All three were truly on the edge of an accident, and things were about to get dramatic.

A straightforward service hold for Caroline meant Carla had to serve the set out, so she and Caroline could use the restroom. ‘Come on, four big serves, then you can pee.’ However her intense need to pee and the side effects of the diuretic were causing her difficulty with balance, and as she began to serve, she felt extremely dizzy. Three double faults brought up 0-40, but suddenly, Carla collapsed on the court.

‘Oh my God, is she okay?” Caroline felt a spurt a wee leak into her knickers from the shock of this. She hadn’t lost consciousness, however she was clearly suffering. The medics came over to tend to the injury. ‘Medical time out, Miss Gutierrez,’ Maria announced, secretly hoping she’d retire so she could empty her bladder. Carla was taken off court, by the medic, bending over in the name of keeping her knickers dry.

‘Miss, are you okay to continue with the match,’ one medic asked, while Carla sat on a chair, head in the recovery position.

‘Yes, but I’m begging you, please let me use the restroom, I’m so desperate to pee’ she pleaded, digging her hands into her crotch as another spurt leaked out.

Meanwhile on centre court, Caroline sat there with legs tightly crossed, trying to focus her mind away from the waterfall built up inside of her. Maria also had problems, and realised she wouldn’t make it to the end of the match dry. She knew deep down Carla wasn’t going to retire, and she also knew the match would probably go to a third set. Therefore she decided to employ a risky tactic, wetting herself slightly every five minutes, in the hope that it would dry off and not be visible on her black trousers. It took a while for her bladder to overcome the shyness, but eventually, Maria was able to let a five second spurt out of her urethra, blushing as she felt the partial relief. However once she stemmed the flow, she felt more desperate than before, and was forced to let a little more out. She looked down, her crotch was absolutely soaked, and the seat of her chair was wet, but despite the damp and uncomfortable feeling in her pussy, she didn’t mind too much.

Carla moaned in relief, as a medic held a lunch box sized container against her peehole, as the loos were closed for cleaning. Her exposed pussy glistened with wee, which escaped in long short bursts. The medic could barely hide his erection as he admired every aspect of his sight, from her beautiful face painted with relief, to her pubic hair damp with urine. Upon finishing, Carla pulled up her panties, moistened with pee and returned to finish her match.

Despite Carla being the more relieved of the two players, the diuretic was having a more profound effect on her, and four games later, not only was Carla desperate for the loo again, but it was also 5-5. Caroline meanwhile was beside herself with desperation, visibly struggling to hold on, and crying between points. After a gruelling rally at 15-15, which was taxing on both bladders, a drop shot from Carla was chased down by Caroline, who fell on the floor in her effort.

Her head dropped as she felt the inevitable. All of her sudden, her pussy felt extremely numb, and immediately, a long spurt of pee leaked out, soaking the crotch of her panties. This opened the floodgates, and now crouched down, the pee visibly dribbled onto the court through her skirt, as Caroline was beside herself. Wanting the ground to swallow her up, the pee wouldn’t stop coming, as a river gushed out of her panties and skirt. Maria, whose tactic of slow release had made her need to urinate far worse, was forced to take evasive action.

‘Ladies and gentlemen, play is suspended.’ And while cleaners rushed to clean the court, Maria hobbled off court, absolutely bursting for relief, followed swiftly by Carla.

“Did you spike the fucking drinks or something, bitch?” Carla yelled at her, while she desperately tried to open the bathroom doors.

“Well why would I spike my own drink?” she reasoned, bending her knees desperately, as she realised the door wasn’t going to open. Another long spurt dampened her black trousers again, as Maria let out a gasp of exasperation. “I have no idea what happened.”

Carla now had her hands covering her naked peehole, and she felt them become wet with pee as another drop gained freedom. “W-w-w-why isn’t the door opening?” she asked.

“It must be locked,” Maria was now absolutely dying for the toilet, and being so close to a toilet wasn’t helping. One spurt later and it was all over. The spurt grew into a consistent dribble, which then developed into a torrent of urine. Maria gasped in relief as the pee exploded out, two rivers travelling down each leg, pooling in her shoes. The crotch of her panties was completely soaked, pooling around her bum. This sight was too much for Carla. She stuffed her hand in her skirt, and held onto her crotch, as a large spurt came out.

A wet patch was clearly visible, as she grabbed an empty tube of tennis balls she had left in her bag. Her slit was in view as she held the tennis ball tube against her crotch, with pee now steadily leaked from her panties. She managed to pull her knickers out the way so her exposed peehole could release its fluids into the tube. She moaned excessively as her hot wee flooded out. Her bladder was so full, the tube was filled in no time, but Carla didn’t care about the mess at this time, as the overfilling piss leaked all over the floor below. Without thinking, Maria grabbed Carla, and gave her a passionate kiss, her soaked trousers rubbing against Carla’s equally saturated dress. They had time to work out what had happened later, now, they were left to enjoy the moment.

