End of the Line

Author: bes31

*000*2018-04-23 08:19

Hi. Recently, I've been interested in a certain type of story, the simple line story: A group of girls, an occupied bathroom, and the surrounding drama that follows. It's not complex, but I've been wanting to write one of these for a while, so here goes nothing. Also.. Homage to Rick Dixon, I guess, as he's been one of my favorite writers on here recently. I think my goal here is to flesh out such a story to the maximum capability, so this will be pretty long (and this will be only the first part). I haven't written long-form in a while, so I hope y'all like it.

End of the Line:

PART 1: "200 miles away. North or South."

Last month, once college had finished and our final test had been inputted, a group of friends and I decided that it would be the perfect time to fulfill a promise that we made to ourselves when we were Freshman-- a glorified, down-to-earth, Americana laced road-trip. As we depressed from the laborious Finals week, our attention turned to packing bags, booking hotels, and generalizing directions for what we called a "trip of a lifetime". In fairness, this statement was hyperbole, it was a standard road-trip, New York-to-California, and then back again with gusto and general tourist spirit. But for the four of us, the trip beyond the cramped settlement that is New York to the open land would be refreshing.

It was the second day, and the four of us were situated comfortably into a moderately sized SUV, cozying up with the reclining seats, with all the accompanying entertainment being the empty roads and the cell phones that clinged onto the smallest bits of signals before being shut down to the rest of the world. It was boring, and as the sun began to close down on the warm afternoon, we had decided to grab a quick bite to eat (rather than nourishment from the endless foray of packed snacks, as Goldfish cannot sustain forever). At the smallest bit of civilization, the driver pulled into an old-school diner, with a glowing white-and-silver exterior with shining embezzlement and neon signs, all cascading with the smell of pancakes and coffee to impress the craving passengers. We were immune to the aesthetic, and the smells, and the four of us entered into the near-empty restaurant.

"Hi y'all, welcome to End of the Line. It'll be four?" The waitress greeted, she was an older women with caked-on makeup upon a wrinkled face and a pony-tail that oft represented someone below her age, still she bounced around with energy, charisma, and a Midwestern charm. After the long day of travelling, our group could only do with a nod, and immediately she piloted us to a large table, glistening, surrounded by strange music memorabilia. "Now, do y'all need anything?"

"We'll have waters." I started, which caused a slight grimace on the face of the waitress, what's up with that? I thought. Either way, she smiled at me and assured the group that she would return with said waters. Across from me, one of the members of the group peered around the room with a slight urgency. To her left, she peered, above my head, she shook her head, and then to her right, she smiled and stood up, causing our heads to turn.

"I'll be right back." Hanna, the standing girl, told the group, as she walked off to a slight crevice in the diner, the bathrooms... of course. I thought to myself, as it had been a long day for all of us. Hanna was the owner of the SUV, and with that came the responsibility of driving that lumbering vehicle across the country, of course Mark, Felicity, or myself would all have been willing to drive as well, but Hanna was stubborn, and willingly beared the responsibility. Today, she woke up in a hotel room, and by 9:00 she was behind the wheel, and continued to do so with only minimal stops for 8 hours. She was strong, and stubborn, but as she now stood in the crevice, knees slightly bent, acknowledging the occupied single-toilet room in front of her, I could tell she was nearing her breaking point, and shamefully, I became fascinated.

"What about you, Felicity?" Mark asked with a candidness that impressed me. Felicity was to my right, and my eyes turned from Hanna at the door to Felicity as the questioning began. It was fair, as like Hanna, Felicity had gone eight hours without any form of relief. We had made two stops, one at 1:00, where we filled the car with gas and grabbed a bite to eat from a gas station, but when the topic of the bathroom brought up, we were presented with an out of order sign. We continued onward, though, until around 3:00, where Marks bladder had expanded too far, and he requsted a reprieve on the side of the road. There, Mark and I both relieved ourselves as the girls diverted their eyes, we offered to do the same for them, but neither obliged, as it would have been obscene. Now, Hanna was waiting for the toilet to open, obviously in some discomfort, and Felicity simply sat, not wanting to cause a scene.

"Oh--- I'm fine.... No need to get up there until Hanna's done." Fair enough, though Felicity acknowledged her need. Underneath the table, I could tell that Felicity had crossed legs, and a protruding bladder that could be seen through the outline of her sundress, sometimes she would bite her lips, but she remained calm. I pretended the read the menus as I watched both girls, Hanna casually gazing at her phone, legs crossed as the door remained locked, and Felicity, who read the menu herself with discomfort-- I was blessed to be friends with such beautiful girls.

Felicity was pristine, a sort of controlled beauty with pale skin, golden-blonde hair and a good body, all masking someone who was intelligent and thoughtful, all of which forced me to have romantic feelings that I never could control. Hanna on the other hand, was much more of a friend (as I had known her since we were children), she was skinny, with long legs and curly brown hair, she was more down-to earth, in a blouse, jean skirt, and boots that matched her perfect, still I could tell she was incredibly pretty, and even as friends I enjoyed watching her ponder the still-locked door.

Those doors have been locked for a while, I thought as the waitress appeared with our drinks. Casually, she looked over to Hanna with a face that resembled empathy, did she know something I didn't? Hanna looked back at us as well, slightly confused, and certainly annoyed, her legs bent inward to the slightest degree and a right leg that couldn't sit still. Quietly, she squeezed on her thigh, trying to focus on her phone.

Five minutes later, and as Hanna began to stare longingly at the closed door, and Felicity began to place her left hand down near crotch, giving occasional squeezes to her cramping urethra, the door opened with the sound of a bell ringing, and a family coming through the doors. There were four of them, and as the ordered off the menu, I took note of the family, a overworked Mother and Father, a young boy, and a women who seem disinterested with her parents conversation. The women was annoyed and flustered, dressed in tight jean-shorts, a blue t-shirt, and with dyed blonde hair with a punk aesthetic. She was probably 17-19, with a surprisingly large chest, and with a personality that drew ire from (what I assumed was) her family.

Picking up the families conversation, I listened closely.

"Come on, Darlene, you're being ridiculous." The Mother lambasted, Darlene must've been the women's name.

"Just shut up! I'm fine!"

"Darlene's gonna pee her pants." The boy said with a sing-song mocking tone, immediately my ears perked up. "Darlene's gonna pee--"

"No I'm not! Shut up!" Darlene nearly screamed, she was slouched into her chair, exposing enough of her middrift to see a slight rise near her lower belly. She probably was caught in the same predicament, a long drive without a toilet and too much decency to pee into the side of the road. As I listened, I caught Felicity averting her ears, she seemed in pain, as if the conversation reminded her about her own needs. Hanna continued to play on her phone, but the expression on her face was worsening. "I don't use public bathrooms, they're gross!" Darlene continued.

"Well, we are not stopping until the hotel, so it's either now or midnight." The father continued, all with forceful certainty. Darlene rolled her eyes at him, adjusting her Daisy-Duke which showed a little more of her inner thighs than I could handle, I tried to stay calm, as these situations were beginning to stack upon each other.

"Whatever...... Besides, there's a line for the bathroom already." Darlene nodded off to Hanna, who was by herself, contemplating the door that remained locked.

Another five minutes had past when we started to realize that something was off. Hanna was bouncing up and down at this point, rolling her Converses on the tiled floor and constantly biting her lips, she hadn't used the toilet in nearly nine hours at this point and the drinking of sodas and water inside the car was regular. Now, she felt weighted down, sometimes crossed over, even at some points she pondered to the Men's bathroom, but as she pulled ever so slightly she found that the Men's reprieve was locked as well. She remained stuck, and Felicity watched with baited breath, even Darlene made a few glances, she shook ever so slightly (even if she wouldn't be caught dead in a public toilet, a point she iterated many times to her poor parents).

"Do you think there are staff bathrooms?" Felicity asked me with shyness, she didn't like being in such a predicament as she twisted the edges of her sundress, her legs deviating from positions, trying to find comfort, but the pain was within.

"You could ask." I reminded Felicity, who seemed dissatisfied with her answer, especially since Hanna had already asked. A few minutes ago, when the waitress brought over our meals of pancakes, scrambled eggs, bacon, and the likes, Hanna had asked her why exactly the bathrooms were closed. "Oh, they're just occupied." The waitress responded with a uneasy smile, sometimes she would bounce on her black high-heels, she was desperate too, so if there was a staff bathroom, it wasn't being used either. Across the restaurant, Darlene clamped down on her short shorts, giving a slight moan, from my vantage point I could see the slightest trickle of darkness on the indigo, her legs crossed with intensity, just preventing a flood from appearing.

"Oh Darlene, you're hurting yourself!" The Mother warned her daughter, whose eyes rang with worry instead of rebel spirit.

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhh---- Fine!" Darlene stood up and awkwardly jigged to the crevice where the bathroom would be, I wondered how much of the "Uh"'s were a stand in for her pride, as she obviously was losing control. In the crevice, the punk-rock girl stood next to Hanna, comparatively, Darlene was in rougher shape, bent over with one hand permanently pressed down on her failing privates. Hanna was desperate too, but under control, Darlene looked as if she could burst at any moment-- but she did have pride, one that prevented her from losing control. "What's up with the bathrooms?" Darlene spoke to Hanna, who was fine with conversation, anything to get her mind off her swollen bladder.

"I don't know, whomever's in there is not coming out."

"Have you tried knocking on the door?!" Darlene dramatically asked, shifting hands around her waist-- God, she could explode at any second. Hanna had no response, not sure what the punk-rock girl was alluding too. "Y'know, to see if anyone's in there!"

"Oh--- Okay." Hanna nodded and quickly knocked on the door, and almost immediately, a knock back. In some ways, this was the worst case scenario, and both girls knew what this socially meant. If the doors were locked and no one was inside, then there was no reason to wait, the girls could both run to the back and relieve their swollen, oversized bladders, but now that an open toilet was accessible, they had to stay, and just wait. I watched intently, though I saw Felicity look at me, maybe she was wondering why I was so interested.

"Um.... Hi?" Hanna spoke to the person on the other side. "You've been in there a while, and there are people here who really need the.... Y'know. Do you think you can come out soon."

From the other side, a women's voice, "Just a second". Darlene moaned, shaking her hips around in obvious cramping pain. "I don't have a second! I need to pee now!" Darlene complained, drawing attention to the entire kitchen and her family. I looked over to them, her brother was loving it with a giddy smile, but her parents were worried. Hanna was also worried, but also annoyed, as she swayed around, sometimes kicking up her legs, almost nearing a pace.

"I get that you need to go-- So do I-- But you don't have to yell so loud." Hanna talked down to Darlene, who responded to it in spade, bending down and nodding (and surprisingly, not yelling). I get the yelling, I've been in positions where I've almost lost control, but I couldn't imagine Hanna or Felicity liked such a display. Suddenly, I was reminded of Felicity, who rubbed her thighs constantly.

"Sorry--- It's just that I haven't gone all day, and I just really need to go." Darlene said in a lower tone. "Literally all day, you see, I have a fear of public bathrooms, so when I woke up at the hotel this morning I just couldn't muster the will to go. I thought that there would be a time that I could piss in the woods, or piss in a bottle, but my parents didn't let me-- and now--- Well, I think if I don't use the toilet soon, I'm going to explode." Hanna (and I) listened to the story. I imagined, the long afternoon drive with confidence, just waiting for an oppurtunity to release your pent up bladder and to be denied relief over and over again.

God, I was becoming fascinated, my thoughts became rock hard as I put off the pancakes to appreciate the three girls that were putting on a show. Felicity burrowed herself down, pushing on her nether regions with strength, her pale face beginning to appear beet red. Darlene hadn't relieved her swollen bladder for a long time, and it showed from her pained face, crossed legs, and dancing hips. And then there was Hanna, who stood with her head against the wall, feeling the pain of standing in the same spot for nearly 15 minutes without the door opening.

Part of me wished I could escort all three girls out of the diner and to the side of the room, and from there I would watch as they undress, Felicity would pull up her sundress and move her white panties to the side as she would unleash a torrent, Darlene would slide down her short shorts and panties, all trickling down with precious (and loud) relief, and Hanna would cautiously roll down her panties as the stream would appear from underneath her now Commando skirt. But that would be weird, much better for just a fantasy. Instead the girls remained in pain, the door remained locked.

But then, the next best thing occurred-- because the entrance opened again, and immediately I was sparked again.

"Hi y'all, is it two today?" The waitress asked, she legitimately seemed to be in pain at this point.

"Oh no... We were just wondering if we could use your facilities?.. Please."

"Oh... Well, they're to your right." On instinct, my head swiveled again to spot two women, both which immediately recognized the uncomfortable line in place, and from their uncomfortable stances, would only be contributing.

"Ah, shit... There's a line, Jasmine." The one on the left claimed, she was gaudy and alternative, large-chested with dark-brown skin and long braided hair, dressed in flowing blouse and oddly colored pink skirt which loosely covered her upper thigh. Still, she was bursting, obviously, from head-to-toe, with her legs scrunched up, hand pushing down on her urethra, and a pained expression that could already be seen from the other girls. Next to her, a smaller women with lighter-brown skin, petite frame and short brown hair, she was dressed in jeans and a t-shirt, tom-boyish in nature, and her straight posture carried more of the same. I could have mistaken her for a man if it wasn't for the perky breasts that poked through her yellow v-neck shirt, and the she was pushing on her vagina as well.

"There's nowhere else we can go." Immediately, Jasmine and the other women hurried to the line, only increasing the worry of the desperate Felicity, who didn't want to expose her desperation, and remained sitting. I looked to her with a startling worry, and she turned back to me with pain drenching her face, and nearly a tear in her eye. Putting her mind off of it, she finished up her pancakes. It was crazy that the food was done, and for all 20 minutes, Hanna had been standing up there, now it was dificult to spot her in the crevice, with Darlene leaning on the wall, and the two women taking spots as well. Sometimes I would see the head of Hanna, she looked bewildered, completely enamored with her desperation, near the point of crying out.

"Erica..." Jasmine spoke, unbuttoning her jeans to relieve the pressure on her expanding bladder, "this is really bad, I'm about to explode."

"Me too, honey... Me too." Erica said with sympathy.

"We all are." Darlene introduced herself to the two women. "But I've been here for ten minutes, and this girl--" Darlene pointed to Hanna, who tried the men's bathroom for the 20th time and found no success, "she's been here for twenty."

"Twenty!" Erica reacted with shock. "Is there a dead body in the toilets or something!?"

"We've talked to her, she just won't open the door." Hanna said with complete frustration.

"Why don't we barge in, we haven't peed for a day!" Jasmine contextualized the two's shaking and complete desperation, a day? God, these girls were stronger than I could imagine. "We were supposed to go to an Air B&B, but it got cancelled, so we had to stay in our car for the night and even thought we've been dying for a piss for forever, we just couldn't find a place that had a toilet. Until now."

"You haven't gone for 24 hours!?" Darlene was amazed, as she was at wits end with only a measly 20 hours to her name.

"Something like that-- and--- Oh!!!" Erica moaned, causing a chain response for all the girls to moan. All four girls were dying, and their desperation just couldn't end. Hanna now knelt down next to the bathroom, a few spurts stained the bottom of her light-blue jean skirt, but it was nothing to Darlene, who remained in complete tension and still had a dark spot on her short shorts. Jasmine continued to push down, tears forming in her--

"Bes."

And then there was Erica, who pulled on her miniskirt and--

"Bes!"

My attention was halted, as suddenly someone was calling for me. It was Felicity, who in the madness I forgot was waging her own war. I looked at her with worry.

"Yeah?"

"Could you uh---" Awkwardly, she chose words. "Could you help me outside?"

"H...Help?" She looked to me with complete agony on her face, and I knew what she meant. I stood up from my meal, and as Mark watched, I helped up Felicity as well. She was really hurting, her face still red, with her hand carefully placed over her crotch, everything swelled and full, but despite it not a single drop on her chair-- she forced herself to hold it, and when she couldn't, she came to me. Holding her hand, I helped the bursting girl out of the diner, not even gaining attention from the other girls, they were already occupied with their own problems.

"What do you want to do?"

"I don't know-- Just---- Just take me---" Felicity couldn't complete a sentence as I pulled her out. I pushed on the door and allowed her to leave the sight lines. Throughout all of this she hopped along, bursting at every corner, with every step being a careful balance not to lose control of the overflowed load inside of her. I was not aroused, though, I was worried, and with worry I made sure that she reached the side of the building, just as a large humming sound came from the highway. Felicity still looked around, she was bursting, but she could tell that given the correct angle, a passerby could see her, carefully she moved on, pushing down on the abused cloth that made her sundress.

"I promise I won't look." I told her as I let go of her hand, she was at the side of the building, nearing the back as I let her by herself. Alone, Felicity danced, a full-on potty dance as if she was a child, looking around to see if it was finally appropriate for her to pull down her panties and unleash the built up storm. I want nothing more to watch, but I promised that I wouldn't, so with pain I turned away. Still I could hear Felicity pull down her panties and moan, and---

It was silent, without any sounds of spashes or moans of relief. After 15 seconds of silence, I was confused.

"Is everything alright?"

"I.... I can't." She can't?? I thought, thinking of turning around.

"What do you mean, you can't."

"I.... It's locked, I can't...."

Awkardness filled the space between us, as I stood away from her. "Can I turn around?" I asked, wondering what was wrong.

"Yeah." I did, and to my surprise there was nothing, no liquid, no piss, but Felicity remained dancing, dying to pee. "I'm just really shy, that's all." She said, blushing. I managed out a smile, could you imagine-- pee shyness for someone so desperate, I couldn't imagine how it felt for Felicity, who was dying, and just couldn't. "I've never been able to pee outside, I just thought since it's so bad that..." She bent over, "I need to wait for a toilet."

"Well, that's okay, you'll just wait on line." I said with ignorance, and she smiled at it as if it was a joke.

"Yeah, that'll work out good." Felicity pranced back to the diner, still pulling on her sundress, and as the sun began to fade I wished for nothing more to have been able to see the pleasures of Felicity's relief-- but it'll have to wait. Maybe the bathroom was open, whoever was inside is finally out, maybe Hanna can get relief! Either way, I felt the sting of my own bladder, and the peace of the wall. I let go slowly, urinating against the wall, realizing that the strain I felt was nothing compared to those five girls. I smiled at the thought, of how many beautiful bursting bladders had been placed before me as I finished, buttoning my jeans and--

"Shit! Shit! Shit!!!"

A loud voice came near at a record pace, and I stopped, as because from the corner the figure of Darlene appeared, blue t-shirt and blue shorts that were so short that they drew my into a frenzy, all along with it a stained bottom where spurts of piss had been coming out of the desperate girls troubled urethra. She bounced her legs up and down with fury as she stopped, and looked at me.

And I looked at her.

And she looked at me.

And I looked at her.

And she pissed her pants. Her muscles stopped, and she bent forward, with the strained indigo becoming the only color as the liquid surrounded her lower body. She nearly squealed as I watched her lose complete control, eventually as the urine poured out of her body she attempted to pull down her moist shorts, but the stickiness prevented it, and suddenly she was fully drenched. I could only watch in amazement, and she reacted with horror, all turning into a shocked, saddened face-- she had so much pride, and now it was as if she was a little girl.

"I----" She struggled to make a word, still pushing down as the stream stopped. I said nothing, in shock as well. "I--- I really needed to pee." It was known. From behind her, her family appeared as she walked off, embarrassed, without saying a word. Her Mother and Father reprimanded her, "Why didn't you go like we told you to!" Her Father yelled, and Darlene's brother teased her relentlessly. Darlene was going to remember this day for the rest of her life, and so would Erica, Jasmine, Felicity, Hanna, all because someone refused to leave the bathroom.

The problem was that there were no public bathrooms from here, for 200 miles, either way. You either peed now, or you would wait, and those who came had no choice. It was the End of the Line. If you didn't pee here, you wouldn't pee anywhere.

Carefully, I walked out of the side of the building, through a window I saw Mark and Felicity, both waiting for this nightmare to end. Felicity's hands were tied, and her head was on the table. I also saw the line, now three girls, waiting with urine coming through their eyes. But it was then that I saw something else, something that made it only crazier. In the front of the diner, a school bus-- a school trip-- and unless my eyes deceived me, many girls that weren't peeing anywhere else.

END OF PART 1

*003*2018-04-23 22:47

{{

3 hours ago, YourFNF said:

Yeah I would have just gone and pissed out back, their not gonna provide sufficient facilities people can just deal with me taking a piss bits out.

}}

Yeah, you're going to have to turn off parts of your logical brain for this one, just imagine that this takes place in a world where that that doesn't happen for some reason.

*008*2018-04-24 06:24

{{

24 minutes ago, Keita123 said:

Oh man, this is so good! Your description of desperation is excellent! Looking forward for more!

}}

Thank you! To be honest while writing this my biggest worry was that my descriptions were too repetitive. There are only so many ways to write "she needs to pee", but I shall continue to be creative, hopefully.

*012*2018-05-24 07:35

4000 words in, with only a few paragraphs and polishing to go, and my hard drive in my laptop breaks.

Yeah... So that's swell. I'll post part 2 soon, but not today

*015*2018-05-26 10:18

Part II: What's Ladylike About Pain

The first time I ever saw Hanna at the brink was three years ago, a slight trip with friends from our college dorms to a large fair on the edge of town. Given the size of the fair, we had left early with a substantial group of friends who all had mentally prepared themselves for endless excitement; Hanna was less enthusiastic of this trip, and her enthusiasm drained as the day past on. The reason for her general annoyance was discomfort, one that we were not aware of-- she was awoken, and forced onto the vehicle without the chance to eat, shower, or release a good night of piss. Hanna would never tell such a group of her need, so she walked among us, ate with us, drank (slowly) with us, and lasted with us till the carnival's closing. We had all gathered at the front of the park, and with such a long period of activity, all in desperate need of the toilet.

When we reached the line of portable toilets that stretched out the front, they were soiled from an entire day of activities. Some of us beared the smell: Angela, a meager Hispanic girl hurried in, her tiny bladder being unfairly stretched, Mark, who we know entered reluctantly, even I succumbed to immediate need. Three of us were relieved, leaving three that refused the disgusting bathrooms. There was Lianna, a tall African-American girl, who wouldn't touch even the cleanest port-o-potty no matter what, Caitlin, a geekier girl who complained more of dehydration than of desperation (maybe a correlation), and then there was Hanna, miserable in plain sight, practically forcing her body not to run into the possible relief.

While Lianna sometimes bent her knees and made a snappy complaint, and Caitlin would almost show signs of a full bladder every once in a while, I focused the majority of my focus on Hanna, who stood with legs crossed, and an endlessly stressed complexion on her face. I could tell that if there were one moment -- one small second-- where Hanna stopped focusing, her overclocked bladder would spill all over her and her khaki shorts. This tension forced me to keep watching, and I kept my eyes on her.

"Bes, why are you staring at me?" She noticed immediately, as she asked with a cautious, almost paranoid tone.

"Oh...." My brain froze. "I just.... I...I was just wondering if you were okay?"

"Heh..." A slight chuckle, as if she knew her facade was beat. "Trust me, I'll be alright?"

"Yeah, I figured." I was walking by her side, and I noticed that at the bottom of her tank-top, her belly protruded outwards. Inside, a swelled mass. Unbelievable, I thought, trying to hide my excitement from Hanna. "It's just that you look like you're about to explode."

Hanna smiled, "Well, you wouldn't be wrong?" She crossed her legs over. Judging by her reaction to me, it almost seemed as if she was relieved to finally get her pent-up pain out to the world. "I haven't gone in nearly 30 hours... So yeah... Gotta go." Playfully, she posed with her thighs caving inward, and her hands holding her crotch. It was absurdly hot, and my mind was doing front flips at the visualization.

"Why didn't you go to the port-o-potties then?"

"Oh... Don't worry, I can hold it." She reminded me in a confident tone. "I can always hold it." I wished to test that theory, watch as she truly reached her edge, stand pact as she drank and drank and drank and drank until this girl finally exploded in a heap of relief. But... She was only a friend, and I would not press that on a friend. In front of us, the figure of Lianna became manic, bouncing from one leg to another, dancing in the middle of the parking lot. "Oh! I can't hold it anymore!" Lianna yelled, running to a nearby patch of dirt.

"I don't use port-o-potties, or bushes-- or whatever..." Hanna kept talking, our eyes focused on Lianna in her sprint.

"Really?"

"My Mom stressed it on me. She told me it wasn't ladylike to do such things." Lianna reached the dirt, and with only an immediate crouch, a loud, directed stream of urine exploded out of her, the jet stream cutting the dirt. I tried to avert my eyes, as it would have been too embarrassing to be caught, I only heard the cries of relife, and Hanna heard them too. In the corner of my eye, I watched the brunette girl flinch with a bite of the lip, but her shorts remained dry.

"What's ladylike about pain?" I asked the remaining desperate girl, but Hanna didn't answer, she was tending her own overload. Maintaining control as the hiss of urine splashing out filled the area, even Caitlin pushed down on her frizzy dress, proving that she was a least desperate. When Lianna finished, her face read a mixture of relief and embarrassment, but it was a playful feeling as she joked about the long day, and the endlessly strained bladders. No one judged Lianna for losing control, and yet Hanna could not muster the will to release her pain. Instead, Hanna, along the other five of us, all packed into the car, two of us desperate, yet there were no complaints.

"What did you ask me?" Hanna turned to me in the car, we were in the same row, and I could see her crossed legs and slightly shaken form.

"Huh?"

"You asked me a question? What was it?"

"Oh nothing."

"Ok." Hanna turned forward , pushing slightly on her urethra with her right thumb. Coldly, she continued, "You were right. I should have gone when I had the chance."

###

"Huntington School For Girls" the bold letters on the side of the bus told me everything I needed to know. I was at the side of the building, standing only a few feet from Darlene's puddle, as the bus pulled into stop and the patrons expelled from the bus in record time. It was not a large bus, smaller than most school buses, but with a similar shape, though it's white color gave it more of a prison bus than anything. I was interested, especially due to the direction, straight from the 200 mile, certainly full of full bladders. If I wasn't so worried for Felicity's locked bladder, I would have been giddy.

Hell, I was giddy, and as I carefully made my way back into the cafe, my mind was springing with possibilities of endless torture. Could you imagine, a bus-load of girls stuck on the line! I had to make my way back to my seat before I went mad with excitement. At the table, Mark and Felicity still sat. Mark was very annoyed, playing on the draining phone while trying to get out of the cafe, Felicity was locked up, worried, and in severe pain. I turned her attention to her. "Felicity. There's a bus outside, if you don't want to wait forever, I'd get on line."

"What's the point?" Felicity asked, defeated. "It's not moving." She wasn't wrong, as the three remaining girls all stood in their positions. Erica was first, she swayed back and forth as if she was a clock, constantly rubbing and squeezing the edges of her skirt. Second was Jasmine, whose desperation was quiet and subdued, bent over but still. And first was Hanna... Poor Hanna, bent over, tired of knocking on the bathroom door. Could it just open! I thought for her, I couldn't imagine how much anger she was in. "What happened with the other girl?" Felicity asked with at least a small bit of empathy.

"Oh, she pissed her shorts... Right in front of me actually." Behind the table, the door swung open to a man, in his fifties, with a dainty, worried smile. He must've been the teacher. The waitress, who was as desperate as any of us, stood as service to the teacher.

"Hi, welcome to the--uh--- End of the--ooh--Line. How many?"

"Oh, I'm with a class of mine. We were wondering if there were public restrooms available." The waitress looked over and sighed, she knew the unfortunate tragedy of this classes situation.

"Restrooms are for customers only, honey. Y'all want a bite to eat as well."

"Oh no..." The teacher struck worry. "We're not looking for someplace to eat, the girls just have to..."

"The closest rest stop is 100 miles away, honey. This is the only spot you got."

The teacher sighed and nodded to the waitress, failing to notice the long line-- the girls might get relief faster if they travel another 100 miles. "It'll be eight." The teacher spoke as he headed out to the bus, the waitress made an involuntary courtesy before setting up a large table directly adjacent to our own. Our side of the restaurant was about to be crowded, and I couldn't be happier.

"Erica..." To my right, my head turned as Jasmine spoke, she was stuck in the same position, but her face rang out in pure misery. "I don't feel good at all, I can't hold it!" She spoke through worried tears.

"It's all right, I got you." Erica retorted with kindness, and sensually she placed her right hand directly on the crotch of Jasmine, helping her out. Part of me wanted to do the same to Felicity, who seemed corkscrewed and miserable, if I could casually place my hand on her urethra, to lighten her stress. But we weren't close like that, and besides, such a shock could cause a burst itself. Frankly, I knew that I couldn't help her, any action would have been overbearing or careless, malicious or apathetic.

It's strange, because as I look back on this day I remember it as one of fantasy, where all of my wildest dreams came true for one endless afternoon. But as of the moment my reactions to the two girls struggles was one of worry and sadness. Their desperation was not enjoyable, nor was it hot, it was long, arduous, and painful. I wished nothing more for the bathroom to open up and for Felicity and Hanna to end their suffering. But alas, it continued onward. Perhaps it was because I knew them so well, or maybe it was because their pain was real, and not only for my imagination, maybe I saw some of their pain as my own when I am desperate.

Or maybe because I was in love with both girls. And as Erica pushed her love forward with sympathy and sadness, no one wants to see their loved ones in pain.

###

The first time I saw Felicity truly desperate was the same day that I fell in love with her. We were both 15. It was the Freshman year of High School, and we had been friends for around a year. After meeting in eighth grade, around the time where boys and girls stopped seeing each other as objects of fear and loathing, we had become good friends, and due to being at similar academic levels, we found ourselves commonly in classes together, and due to our friendship commonly in groups together. On this day, we were a pair for a Social Studies project, one that forced us to work together beyond the confines of the school, so I had invited Felicity to spend an afternoon working on the project at my house.

Now, given that I was only a Freshman, and generally not aware of simple logistical facts about the happenings of girls. For example, I had yet to realize that the five minute passing periods were simply too short to give ladies any time to seek relief, as most girls pranced from class to class. Also, I didn't know that most girls frowned upon the toilets at the school, disgusting, full of graffiti, used tampons, and general annoyances. I also didn't realize that for most girls it was commonplace to spend all day at school without relieving a drop from their hopefully un-full bladder. What did appear to me was Felicity, who hugged me as we met up, I noticed a strange nervousness about her-- but thought nothing of it.

"Heard their was a party in Mr. Melrose's class today."

"Yeah, it was fun. I had like four cups of pop too." Felicity hinted, but I caught none of it. Felicity was subtler, and it was in her personality trait to refuse even the strongest sense of pain. It was the same reason why a girl who was about to explode would refuse to get in line for the toilet, she was taught that it was unladylike to show discontent, even if it was bursting out of you due to the fact that you drank too much soda in the beginning of the day, and never got a chance to relieve yourself. Once again, I heed to the earlier question: What is ladylike about pain? Why should Hanna suffer more than she has too? Why must Felicity hide her desperation?

When we reached my house, I had noticed that her slight quirk in walking had turned to almost a jig, she was biting her lip, bouncing up and down. "Are you all right?" I asked Felicity again, but she fibbed "No! I'm just excited, that's all." I wondered if she wanted me to call her out, expose the truth so she would have an excuse to ask permission for relief. Hell, she didn't even need permission.

But that wasn't Felicity, and she'd rather suffer in quiet than expose even a single person to her embarrassment. And I... a fellow 15 year old who didn't even realize she was desperate, played along as an ignoramus. As we entered the house, I led her down to the basement, passing an unoccupied toilet that Felicity glanced longingly at, pushing in her two blue-jean clad thighs together. By the time we were in the basement, there was a bathroom directly next to us but she had no intent loose. Felicity dropped her backpack on the ground and began to work diligently with me, squirming endlessly, sometimes dancing out-of-character, sometimes simply squeezing down on her nether regions and praying that she did not lose control in front of me.

We were like this for three hours, I was almost immediately fascinated by her endless strains and contortions. She was sweating in the cool basement, her skin nearing the color red, but she refused to let herself leave. Sometimes, when she thought I wasn't listening she would mumble her own misery to herself; "god I need to pee god I need to pee god I need to pee" she mumbled, usually with her right hand caving across her inner thigh. I never guided her, though, I figured that if she wished to relieve herself she had the agency to do so, but she had not. Besides, I had enjoyed the show so far, why stop it?

Eventually, though, I felt a tinge of empathy. "Felicity." She stared upwards at me, breaking out of her spell. "I don't mean to be pushy but... Do you need to use the bathroom?" Her skin turned pale, as if I was now a part of her (obvious) secret. She was sitting criss-cross on the ground, a large poster in front of her that she had spent the last hour glueing together alongside me. By the three hour mark, what were squirms had now become shuffles, and she could not stand still. Yet, as I inquired, she turned very still.

"C..Can I?" She asked. A silly question.

"Of course!" Immediately she stood up, looking to me as to guide her. "It's just in that door to the right." She ran to the door, hand next to her vagina, squeezing so she could make it to the door. And then... she stopped, and turned back towards me.

"It's locked." She looked back with sorrow in her eyes. I didn't understand, there couldn't be anyone in it, was the bathroom being renovated? Felicity slinked back to the poster, working again, bent over, desperate to a tee. I stared, I simply didn't understand.

"Y'know there's a bathroom upstairs."

"That's okay. I'm fine, Bes." Studious like a bee, Felicity began to work again. She continued like this for 30 more minutes, until the poster was completed and we climbed the stairs to greet her parents in the front. "You can still use the bathroom if you..."

"I'm fine Bes." She wiggled in front of me, playfully, despite her bladder being beyond over-stuffed. I watched in the front lawn, her ankle twirling around, as she waited. Sometimes she would turn back to me and smile, and I was only becoming more aroused. By the time the parents arrived, and their car began to ascend my driveway, I was only more and more curious. So, as the final moments of the afternoon came, I finally popped what was on my mind.

"Hey Felicity?" The girl turned around, turning her attention away from her approaching parents. "If I may: Why didn't you just use the bathroom, I mean, I know the door wasn't locked and you were obviously desperate and..."

"Simple." Felicity smiled as she turned her head to me, moments from entering the car. "I knew you liked it."

....

Oh Shit.

###

"One.Two.Three--Oh God--Four.Five.Six.Seven.Eight" At the table next to us, the older waitress shuffled between every step, her body must've been resembling the yellow dress she was trapped in, with urine coursing through their veins. Then again, that must've been true for almost every girl in the cafe, and the tensions were just as high to boot. I wasn't paying attention to Hanna, nor was a I paying attention to Felicity. It was at this moment, that the door swung open, and I met 7 girls of the Huntsville School for Girls.

"Alright girls." The teacher spoke with a charismatic tone, and despite all of the pain between the girls, they listened. They were older than I expected, with senior stance and general lack of caring, a few of the seven girls rolled their eyes at the teachers call to them. "As you can see, there is currently a line for the bathroom. Now I know that some of you are really needing the toilet..." The teacher spoke with honesty and discomfort, and the girls murmured. "But let's wait until these three girls have had the oppurtunity to--" In the back, a girl raises her hand. She was a shorter girl, scary-thin with long brown hair. "I'll answer questions when I'm done. Now, we're going to eat here but we don't have too much of a budget left for..."

"Mr. Towns" The girl in a back spoke, hardly over a whisper. "Mr. Towns." The teacher stopped.

"Yes Jessica."

"I know what you said, but I really, really need to use the... Y'know. Can I please go outside and..."

"No. There will be no squatting, or anything of the kind! According to the code, you ladies will act ladylike, no matter the circumstances and..."

"What's ladylike about being in pain!?" A voice cut through the front, talking back to the teacher. I turned my eyes to a girl on the side of the building, leaning on the edge with a rebellious aura around her. She smiled and looked at the teacher, who became beet red in almost an instant.

"Candice, if you are still willing to talk back to your teacher-- perhaps you don't need the bathroom that badly. You can wait till we get to Wichita." Candice face didn't change, though by her crossed legs, stocking covered with black short shorts covering the top of her legs, she might need it. Candice was very pretty, as I looked up to her, short but thick, with caramel colored skin, dressed awkwardly in short shorts and a tight-fitting school-sanctioned t-shirt (must've been something she was being forced to wear).

"Fine with me. I can hold it till Wichita."

"Mr. Towns! Mr. Towns!" It was Jessica again. "It's really bad... I can't hold it! I can't hold it!"

"Can we please go outside Mr. Towns!?" Another girl asked with passion, she was an Asian girl in a loose-fitting jean skirt and tanktop, all while tapdancing incessantly. "None of us have gone all day!"

"Let me make this clear!" Mr. Towns yells. "If ANY of you squat, or have an accident. I will fail you! If you can't prove you're ladylike enough to withstand a little pee, then, what good are you!" The murmuring stopped at the absurd demand, and the girls faces were glistening with absolute fear. Jessica, who must've been leaking at this juncture, bent herself like a pretzel just to prevent any possible urine from dropping. The only one who was not afraid was Candice, who smiled at the gesture.

My natural instinct was more reactionary. "That can't be legal!" I said to Felicity, who was only slightly paying attention.

"Charter school, man." Candice spoke to me with the lightest of smiles. "Anything is legal.... Whatever."

"Hey!" A voice called out as the scared students went to the table, it was Hanna's. Who had spent the entirety of the conversation tense and stiff, just like the day at the carnival. As she walked, every movement has stress, and I could feel her about to explode. "I know you're a hard-ass teacher or whatever, but I've been on the bathroom line for twenty minutes, and the girl in there refuses to come out. I don't think your girls will make it." Mr. Towns listened, but shrugged her shoulders.

"They're strong, they'll be fine." I stared at the girls, and they were not fine. The closest to me was Candice, who grabbed a nearby seat, maybe with the intent of conversation (hopefully). To her right was an Indian girl, tall with long legs and endless-but-messy curly hair, the girl sat with one foot on the chair, and her knee in the sky, all shaking constantly. Next was the Asian girl, who was nearly pushing down a fist into her pussy. Next on the table was a ginger girl with light freckles that matched her red and white dress, she read the menu to escape the deluge of urine inside of her.

On the opposite side of the table was Mr. Towns, who did not take strongly to Hanna's words, though legitimate. Next to him was Jessica, who was sobbing at the inevitability that she will fail. To her right, a Hispanic girl with full proportions along with a full bladder, her long legs were nearly tripled cross. And finally, on the right of Candice was tom-boyish girl, dressed in baggy jeans and messy t-shirt, she seemed generally in control of her bladder, and the small stain at the bottom of her crotch might be why.

But then there was Hanna, in all my watching of these seven girls, I had forgotten about my own friends, namely Hanna, who walked over to us for the first time since excusing herself more than 20 minutes ago. "This is bullshit!" Hanna paced herself, probably to forget about the bursting bladder. As she neared, I had noticed more details about her appearance, including a bulge appearing at the edge of her stomach, and protruding out through her jean skirt. Hanna had responded to it, the top button was unclasp, and the belt was unbuckled, all in hopes to relieve pressure. Up close, her desperation was more real, only mirrored by the night in the carnival, I had never seen someone so stressed. "I feel like I'm going to explode."

"Me too." Reluctantly Felicity responded, yet still glanced at me with a light smile, maybe I'm still an object of impressing.

"There has to be another place to pee. Obviously this isn't working."

"There isn't for another 100 miles, according to the waitress." Hanna fell back into her chair, miserable, full to the brim. "You could go out..."

"No! I don't do that!" With defeat, Hanna leaned back in her chair, the large bulge popping out behind her brown t-shirt. It was at this moment that I could finally sit back and stare at the processions, 11 girls, all desperate, and no bathroom in any of their possibilities. Hanna, who refuses to lose control anywhere else, Felicity, who can't pee at all, the seven high school girls, all bursting, and all forced to wait by a remorseless teacher, and Jasmine and Erica, who have searched for relief all day with no avail. It was at this moment that I finally was able to smile, the sheer absurdity of it all, that so many girls could come in at one place at one time. Maybe this was a dream, and that these women would wait in baited agony until the end of time. I was there with them, watching with wonder.

Click

The room becomes quiet, and full of suspenseful breath, Hanna turns around almost too quickly, Felicity looks up from the table. The girls at the other table all perk up, and Jasmine and Erica smile. But most of all, a young women walks out of the single bathroom stall, noticing the surprised onlookers. The women stares back at the excited patrons, the desperate near-dozen.

"What?? I was sick?"

The bathroom was free. And the race was on.

*023*2018-06-05 07:34

{{

On 5/27/2018 at 9:03 AM, FullBladder85 said:

Another great part of this story, keep up the good work.

Of course, if Hanna could previously wait for over 30 hours then she should definitely be able to hop back in the car and wait another 100+ miles to use the toilet elsewhere, unless she's had a lot more to drink this time around.

}}

Hmm... Makes you think that her journey is far from over...

