Konata pees herself five times in a row

Author: RobotRemote

*000*2011-04-02 14:56

Konata had to pee bad each day. and yes, she peed herself on those days.

On Monday...

Konata was like "can i go pee?" Tamura said "no play this game first"

So she did it was called super mario bros.

After 4 seconds a scary face popped up and it screamed and konata fell of her chair and peed herself.

On Tuesday...

Konata was like "can i go pee?" Tamura said "no play this game first"

She disagreed. Tamura then locked the toilet door. and forced to play "find justin bieber"

Konata was a super fan of him she chose omg omg. and when she looked towards the screen.

A scary face of justin bieber popped up and screamed while playing eenie meenee and konata screamed and peed herself.

On Wednesday...

Konata was like "can i go pee?" Tamura said "no play this game first"

She disagreed. Tamura then said she'd call 911. so she had to play "hit the dot"

The dot got smaller every time she clicked. then it got so small...

A scary face popped up and screamed at her then konata started crying and then peed herself...

On Thursday...

Konata was like "can i go pee?" Tamura said "no play this game first"

She disagreed. she said it was going to be a screamer. Tamura said "no scary face will pop up"

Then she said OK! then she played "Save Justin Bieber"

She got to a narrow path then.

A scary face of justin bieber screamed at her. while playing baby. Konata screamed so hard that she just peed herself.

On Friday...

Konata was like "can i go pee?" Tamura said "no play this game first"

She disagreed. Tamura said she was sorry and said she would play a nicer game this time.

It was the "scary maze game"

When she got to the narrow path.

The excorist face popped up. she ran out of the room. cried, screamed, fell down the stairs, and yes, she peed herself.

On Saturday...

She lost the game... all day.

On Sunday...

She lay on the floor sleeping... all day

THE END.

