A yandere need

Author: Ashlovesomo

*000*2023-07-19 21:58

This is a little story including characters from a game called Yandere Simulator, one of my favourite games! (Please note that any drama behind the game is something I don't associate with, but if you don't know what I'm talking about then ignore this!)

Also please note that murder will be spoken about due to the game being about a psycho schoolgirl!!

Ayano was fucked. After being caught holding a knife by some student council bitch, she was sent to the guidance counsellor's office with a full bladder. She had just finished up killing her first rival and went to go wash the blood off the knife before using the toilet, but before she could even go in, Akane caught her.

"So...Ayano Aishi. I think you know why you're here." The guidance counsellor had a stern look, ignoring Ayano's clear shuffling around.

"No, miss. I don't." Ayano replied with a gulp, a hand slowly gliding towards her crotch. Her legs fanned in and out subtly, her thighs squeezed anytime she could feel the flood about to burst.

"You were caught carrying a dangerous weapon around school grounds. What were you thinking, Miss Aishi?" Ayano couldn't look her in the eyes, she could only pay attention to her stupid bladder that decided to fuck around and find out that day.

"M-miss...can this wait? I really have to go to the bathroom." Ayano shoved a hand in her crotch, wiggling around in her seat to gain some sympathy from the guidance counsellor but to no avail. In fact, the woman had nothing but a stern look on her face, showing no sorts of sympathy to Ayano's issue. Watching this squirming mess of a girl only made her want to make the situation worse.

"You can wait there whilst I get some documents. After that, I will escort you to the toilets. But as soon as you drip out your last drop of pee, you better tell me EXACTLY why you were holding a knife on our campus. Stupid girl." And off she went, locking the door behind her before Ayano could object.

Ayano whimpered before flopping back into her seat, kicking her legs in the air rapidly whilst gripping her crotch to high heavens. Everything sent Ayano's mind back to her desperation, not even her beautiful Senpai could set a good enough distraction. With every minute passing by, Ayano clearly realised that the guidance counsellor was stalling. It couldn't possibly take THAT long to find some documents. Unfortunately for Ayano, that only made her situation dire. Her hands pulled her panties tightly against her pulsating vulva, whimpers escaped her mouth from the painful pleasure.

"Is this stupid woman even coming back?!" Ayano whined, throwing her head back in frustration. Eventually, the guidance counsellor slowly entered the room with her hands full of unknown papers. Ayano's yandere instincts would've made her peek to see what they were about, but she was too busy holding herself and shivering out of desperation.

"Oh, Miss Aishi! Control yourself! That is disgusting. Come on, let me take you before you have an accident." Ayano sulked behind the guidance counsellor, doubling over every chance she got before catching up to her with her hands in her crotch. Musume walked past, giggling at Ayano with her phone up to take a photo.

"Awww, poor baby's gonna piss herself!" Musume faux pouted.

"Miss Ronshaku, get to class." Ayano hid her face, shifting on one foot to the other as the guidance counsellor scolded Musume. As she continued to fidget, her senpai began walking past her, smiling at the teacher. Ayano snapped back into position, smiling awkwardly as a response, her pussy muscles clenching as much as possible. When she was out of the pretty boy's sight, her face conformed once again, her hips wriggled in her short blue skirt.

Eventually, the guidance counsellor finished her conversation with Musume and continued walking without even looking at Ayano, signalling the poor girl to continue walking. As soon as they reached the bathroom, the guidance counsellor stood before Ayano infront of the doorway. In response, Ayano wriggled on the spot, whimpering and shoving her hands in between her rubbing legs.

"Be quick, Miss Aishi." Ayano would've seen the slight smirk on the woman's face if she hadn't of rushed into the toilets without hesitation. Before her was an open stall displaying relief and release. Ayano didn't even wait to get into the stall before shuffling her panties down her legs with her hands still gripping her crotch. She began wadling into the stall, hands gripping her puffy, quivering pussy. Without warning, piss began dripping through Ayano's fingers, making Ayano whimper in response. She uncontrollably leaked infront of the toilet, her panties around her calfs. Before anymore piss could fall to the floor, Ayano pulled her vulva into a "V" shape and let the remainder of her stream into the porcelain bowl.

"Ohhhhh fuuuuck!" Ayano smirked, moaning with her eyes wired shut. Relief washed over her, distracting her from the inevitable punishment she would get from that terrifying woman outside.

*001*2023-08-08 14:25

Here is an unnecessary second part with Osana! I'm gonna make a series out of this now lol

No smut, don't worry lol

Osana kicked up her feet, leaning back into her chair as the teacher rattled on about nonsense. She caught Raiburu's eye and smiled sweetly, closing her eyes with joy and relaxing into the hold of the chair. Osana was going to meet Taro on the rooftop and give him a bento she had made, so she was quite excited for it. Although, her excitement shifted a tad as her bladder started to become an issue. She tapped her foot rapidly, shifting her bum in the seat into a more comfortable position. The wild thing was that she didn't drink an awful lot to make her bladder fill up, so something she drank was either rushing to her bladder or...drugged. It would explain the look of mischief on Ayano's face from two desks across.

As the lesson progressed, Osana's problem became a bigger issue and her slight shifting in her seat turned into a subtle squirm with a hand in between her legs, her head resting in her right hand to avoid eye contact with her classmates. The boy next to her looked down at her skirt with wide eyes, shifting in his seat uncomfortably. With much force, Osana continued shoving her hand into her crotch, pressing against her crying urethra. Suddenly, she felt a leak roll into her panties, leaving a slight wetness pressing against her pussy. Osana squealed quietly under her breath, shoving both hands in her crotch with no care about who would see. To her surprise, the desperation subsided and she went back to subtle bum wiggles.

"O-okay. I'll go pee after class and then give the bento to Senpai. I hope I can hold it until then..." Osana thought to herself, her head hung low.

"Alright everyone, please stand and take yourselves to the changing rooms. Change for PE and meet in the gym." Osana's worst nightmare had gotten worse, now with a full bladder that was slowly dripping into her panties every 5 minutes, no matter what she did to hold it back. She couldn't imagine running around the track with a bladder that full! Ignoring Raiburu, Osana slowly waddled to the front of the class, marching on the spot with a hand drooped next to her. She wanted self control but didn't want to wet herself.

"U-um miss...I need to use the bathroom. Please may I go?" Osana whined.

"Nice try, Miss Najimi. Go get changed with your classmates and follow the class president into the gym in a single file." The teacher smirked, rubbing off the maths equations on the chalk board. Osana whined and moaned under the breath before slowly walking out of the class with her head hung low. People were friendly at Akademi, so no one laughed, they only looked at Osana in pity. But that was way worse.

As Osana reached the changing rooms and opened her locker, she felt her pee crash against her vaginal walls, pressing against her piss hole. She dropped everything and doubled over, stuffing her hands up her skirt to grip her quivering pussy.

"Osana...are you okay?" Raiburu gripped Osana's shoulder, smiling weakly.

"N-no...I need the toilet. The teacher wouldn't let me go." Osana's voice strained as she felt another couple of drops escape. Ayano smiled in mischief, watching Osana from behind her locker before walking up to the sinks. With one turn of the tap, water blasted out of the faucet, Ayano pretending to wash her hands under it. She could see Osana's urgent pee dance in the mirror, the marching on the spot, the doubling over, the wriggle of her hips, it made Ayano laugh as she realised the girl wouldn't be giving that bento to Senpai.

"Oh gosh...are you gonna be okay?" Raiburu whispered, not knowing that everyone's attention was on Osana'a over the top pee dance.

"N-no. I don't think I can hold it." Osana wired her eyes shut, opening her mouth to say something, but she was interrupted with a singular jet of piss squirt out of her and into her panties. She bounced up and down, her hands squishing her pussy lips together to stop anymore leaks from coming out.

"Oh no, Osana, you really need to run to the toilets before you have an accident!"

"N-no Raiburu...I'll get a bad mark on my system and they'll send my parents a message. I can't afford that, not after getting told off before!" Osana continued to whine, wriggling around on the spot with her hands digging at her vulva, ignoring the stares from all the girls exiting the changing rooms in their PE kits. Raiburu gave Osana and sympathetic look, helping her to get changed.

With much difficulty, Osana was changed into her PE kit and slowly walked out of the changing rooms, joining everyone on the outdoor track. As students ran around the track with their friends, Osana couldn't help but look at Ayano from her class. The look of mischief on her face, the empty eyes, she had to be responsible for whatever she was going through. Osana mustered up enough strength to march up to Ayano, a hand in her crotch and her thighs rubbing together.

"Hey! Why are you looking at me like that! Can you stop it?" Osana frowned, wriggling on the spot with a hand holding herself above her shorts. Ayano pretended to look concerned, before smiling at Osana with "sympathy".

"Oh god no Osana, I was just thinking of something funny. I could never laugh at you!" Ayano said, a dash of faux pity in her voice. Osana couldn't argue with her and continued to frown before marching away, missing Ayano's rolling eyes. She found Raiburu and tried to jog up to her, but everything was a blur. Her bladder sloshed on every step, her hand squeezing her vulva with force. Nothing helped anymore. She was on the verge of wetting herself. Everyone's voices became a blur, her head spun as her piss was on the verge of squirting out of her and splashing on the floor. Osana wriggled on the spot as she lowered her body in a circular motion, her legs pretzeled around each other, squishing her hands that gripped her crotch. Before Raiburu could call out her name, Osana ran off, targeting the changing rooms.

As she urgently ran in through the doorway, her eyes darted around, finding anything to release her bladder. An idea came to Osana's mind and with urgency, she swung open her locker door, scrambling for her towel with one hand, the other rhythmically squeezing her vagina lips together. After a few seconds, she had found her towel and began to pull her shorts down with her hand still glued to her crotch. With much difficulty, Osana managed to get her shorts and panties down with only two spurts of piss squirting into them. Before any more leaks could get out, Osana jogged on the spot with her hand still gripping her exposed pussy. She positioned the towel beneath her, pressing it against her vagina. With a few uncontrollable leaks on the floor, she let go, her piss slowly spreading in warmth into her towel. Osana moaned and swung her head back in relief, giggling to herself.

"Osaaaanaaa, where are you?! Osa-" Raiburu had walked in at the wrong moment and she stood in the doorway, her jaw dropped. Osana whipped her head around with no idea that her best friend stood before her.

"AHHHH!" Osana screamed, before falling backwards and letting go of the towel, her pee still squirting out of her exposed vulva for Raiburu to see. Osana looked away in embarrassment as her stream continued.

"I-I'll let you finish." Raiburu mumbled, before running out of the changing rooms and leaving Osana with the hissing of her piss and her own thoughts.

*002*2023-08-10 02:59

Here's another part with Taro! Male desperation for this one lol. Oh and a tad bit of smut. Not your thing? Skip at line "More footsteps were heard..."

Taro loved books. His entire personality was his book. No one bothered him and everyone loved him, although no one knew why. But who knew him better than the girl staring at him from behind the tree? As Taro took in the sounds of chatter, the water splashing out of the fountain he sat on and the birds singing songs in the trees, he flipped another page in his book. He was so distracted from the world around him, he didn't even notice the girl stood infront of him.

"H-hey! Uhhh I'm just coming to see if you're okay! My name is Amai, I'm president of the cooking club!" Taro slowly looked up from his book, his eyes laying on the sweet girl infront of him with a tight lipped smile. He could almost hear the anger from Ayano over at the tree across from him.

"Oh uhh yeah I'm okay! I'm Taro. I'm...in no club, ha." He muttered, making no eye contact with Amai. With the distractions of classmates talking, nature's song...and a tempting bladder building up.

"Well, if you ever wanna come along to the cooking club, let me know! I-I hope to see you soon!" And off she went, walking over to Ajia, a fellow member of the cooking club. Before Taro could continue with his book, he felt the sensation of his bladder grow stronger, shifting slightly on the edge of the fountain, his dick squashed in between his thighs.

After a few pages, the bell chimed to signal everyone to head to their classrooms. Taro slowly stood up, a slight waddle in his step as he made his way up the stairs. Ayano followed him closely, watching his every move.

'He seems to be walking slower today...and his hand is shifting towards his delicious crotch? Wait...he doesn't need to...'

As Ayano made her way back to her class, Taro sat at his desk, his eyes darting around whilst his classmates continued their small talk. His thighs rubbed together quicker, his hands rested on top of them. Taro winced slightly as he pressed his stomach into his desk, the piss pressing against his dick head.

"Yo, Taro? You good?" Musume questioned, leaning slightly toward Taro from her desk. "You're like...moving a lot and stuff."

"Uhhh yeah...yeah I'm good." Taro faux smiled.

"Riiiiight." Musume turned back to her phone, Taro gave his dick a squeeze, breathing deeply and sighing in stress. The 20 minutes before their teacher entered the class felt like an eternity for Taro, he just wanted to use the toilet.

As their teacher answered questions from students raising their hands, Taro could no longer concentrate and his desperation had grown on him. His ass wriggled in the chair, his hands clamped onto his cock tightly, which got some suspicious looks from Musume. While everyone was writing notes, Taro looked at the clock intently, wishing the minutes by so he could relieve his bladder.

The bell chimed once again, signalling everyone to stand up from their desks and go to lunch. Taro screamed with joy internally, but it soon ended as he heard some words he didn't want to hear.

"Oh and boys, your bathrooms will be closed for the first 20 minutes of lunch for investigations as we found inappropriate graffiti on the stalls!"

Great. Taro had to wait another 20 minutes before his bladder could release its contents. He sighed in frustration, before marching out of the classroom and walking into the courtyard, where everything beautiful about his surroundings turned into a nightmare. The water dribbling from the fountain made Taro wince, standing on the spit as he cocked his leg slightly, a hand gripping the hem of his trousers. Ayano walked into the courtyard, standing behind Taro with lit up eyes, the sight infront of her was a dream come true. Seeing her beloved grabbing his crotch with no shame only made this better for Ayano.

Taro walked slowly towards the fountain, sitting down with struggle as he took his book from out of his pocket. Opening a book and reading became difficult for Taro as he fought with his bladder. The ass wriggling became over the top, the dick squeezing became necessary for holding his stream back.

'Oooo shit...I really gotta piss. When are these investigations do- o-oh!' Taro felt a leak into his boxers, his penis twitching under his tight grip as he massaged his member to stop any more leaks. Ayano could feel her panties getting wet from the sight she saw behind that tree. Suddenly, an announcement came from the speakers around school campus.

'All male students may now use the bathrooms. We have found the culprit and they will be punished accordingly. Study hard and have a good day.'

Taro leaped up from the fountain, slamming his book down with no care that it would be ruined or get lost...or get stolen from a psycho behind the tree. Quickly, he shuffled out of the courtyard and up the stairs, slowly undoing his trousers. Taro felt a few more drops leak into his boxers, making him squeeze his dick even harder than before, groaning slightly from the ache. The feeling of relief washed over Taro as he saw the open stall, showing the beautiful porcelain bowl. His penis could finally release his full bladder into it, his body could stop doubling over from-

"Move, Yamada! I'm going first!" A random male student that Taro never spoke to pushed him to the side, making him wobble over, losing the grip of his penis. Before Taro could regain his posture, a few more spurts squirted from his cock, his two hands flying down to squeeze it all back, but to no avail. The piss wouldn't stop, so Taro whipped his member out of his boxers, trying to aim for the sink, but it mostly ended up on the floor. He had wet himself. Infront of his classmates. Taro slid onto the floor with his trousers and boxers down to his knees, his penis twitching as it let out his stream.

"You alright down there, Taro?" Budo smirked, washing his hands.

"Y-yeah...I'm good." Before long, Taro was left to his own thoughts and stream...or so he thought.

More footsteps were heard from behind the wall that Taro leaned his head against whilst sitting in his piss puddle that cascaded around him. A girl with a mask from the drama club coyly walked in, resulting in Taro using his hands to shield his cock from her sight, but she only moved his hands away, staring down at his half hard dick.

"W-what are you-" Before Taro could finish his sentence, the girl began stroking his cock with slow hand movement, maintaining eye contact with Taro. He groaned in pleasure as he took in the strange yet nice experience, sitting in a puddle of his own piss that he had totally forgotten about at this point. To this surprise, the girl began rolling down her panties, her skirt only barely covering her exposed pussy. She sat on his cock, slowly thrusting up and down in a rhythmic pace. Taro had no idea what was happening, but he took it all in with no shame, smiling slightly from the amazing feeling of this strange, anonymous girl's pussy wrapped around his member. As she picked up the pace, the girl let out quiet moans from behind the mask she wore. Plap plap, moan...groan. The same sounds echoing around the empty bathroom, no one else around or in sight.

The girl could feel her climax growing, gripping tightly onto Taro's shoulders as she grind quicker on his cock. Taro let out a loud groan before pulling his penis out of her and pumping the cum out of him.

And off she went. Leaving Taro to his erotic thoughts, wondering who the girl was.

Newsflash. It was Ayano. Sneaky bastard.

*004*2023-08-10 03:23

{{Just now, warham1995 said:

Are there any characters in the game who are sadists that force others to hold their pee or masochists that want other people to make them hold their pee? because if there are I would like a story about them.

}}

I would probably suggest the bullies for that one! A humiliation story part with the bullies and a student. That HAS to be the next part, thank you for the idea!

*007*2023-08-10 13:41

{{21 minutes ago, daisyduke said:

Oooh i love your writing style and the characters! would love to read more

}}

Thank you! Stay tuned 😊

*008*2023-08-11 14:08

Here's another part with the bullies and Horuda. This one is a little bit more of a humiliation one than anything. No smut for this! Although there is mentions of murder towards the end. Skip at line "That was the most humiliating day..."

Horuda kept to herself, her head always in her book and her hands always fiddling with each other. The reason was to avoid bullying, albeit she didn't do it very well, as she became the biggest target for Musume and her clique. They would always find new ways to humiliate Horuda, no matter what. Pouring water all over her while she uses the toilet. Throwing her books in the fountain. Pulling her hair and beating her up. Whatever it was, they did it and Horuda was too terrified to stand up for herself. Especially on that day.

When the bell rang for cleaning time, Horuda exited her classroom with her head hung low, fiddling with the top of the trash bag in her hands, when Musume and Hana were waiting around the corner. Whilst no one was looking, they lunged at Horuda and pulled her into the empty clubroom next to them. Horuda tried to get away from their grasp but to no avail.

"P-please...let me go." Horuda mumbled, squirming around in their grasp.

"And why would we do that?" Musume smirked. Horuda ummed and ahhed, lifting one leg and pressing her thigh into her crotch before switching.

"I...I need to go to the toilet." Horuda mumbled yet again, rubbing her thighs together and wincing.

"Oh really?" Musume chimed.

"I think you can hold it like a big girl. You gonna go wee wee in your panties?" Hana faux whined, letting out a giggle with Musume. Before Horuda could speak, the girls dragged her our of the room, walking into the empty bathrooms. They bashed open the door of one of the stalls and held Horuda above the toilet. She wriggled around, pressing her thighs together as she looked down at the toilet beneath her. The piss in her bladder pressed against her urethra, sloshing around her vagina walls. Her face contorted as she felt the pee she held for 5 hours about to escape into her white panties. Hana lifted Horuda'a skirt, revealing her pressed thighs and pink panties.

"Wooahh, check it out. She's got granny panties." Hana cackled. Musume placed a hand on Horuda's bladder, pushing it extra hard.

"N-no! P-please don't do that. I'm really desperate!" Horuda whined.

"Shiiiit, it's rock solid. She got a whole lot of piss in there. Ew, did she just pee?" Musume and Hana cackled together as Horuda's bladder leaked some pee into her panties, dripping a couple of times in the toilet bowl. She pressed her thighs together to stop the flow, bending her knees slightly whilst bouncing slightly. To her disappointment, Musume and Hana separated her legs, holding them apart whilst cackling at Horuda's need.

"Wait! We so have to livestream this! For Hoshiko's blog and my insta?" Musume chimed

"OH. EM. GEE! Tie her up, I wanna see her burst!" Hana cackled, taking the ribbon off of her seifuku, Musume following suit. As they tied Horuda's legs to the poles at the bottom of the stall, the poor girl was a contorted mess. Her legs bent together, her thighs pressing together as far as they could go, her face contorted from the ache and pain.

"P-please...I really need a wee!" Horuda whined, bouncing up and down. As Hana and Musume let go of Horuda's hands, they snapped down to her crotch, gripping her pussy through her panties. It quivered from the desperation, the pee pushing against her piss hole. With no warning, Musume and Hana rolled down her panties to her ankles, ripping them apart. They took apart the top of her seifuku, leaving nothing but a bra on covering Horuda's petite tits.

"Oh my god. She has a hairy cunt AND tiny boobs. What more could you POSSIBLY want!" Musume laughed sarcastically, holding the phone up to show the livestream Horuda's naked pussy through her fingers. Horuda hung her head low, looking down at her quivering pussy, her hands gripping it for dear life. She wriggled her hips from side to side, bouncing her arse up and down with her fingers individually pressing her pee hole. As Hana and Musume narrated the situation, everything went blank for Horuda. The ringing in her ears became a swollen sound, the two figures infront of her became a blur. With no warning, a few drops of pee rolled out of her pee hole, the sound of her piss dripping into the toilet water was the only thing she heard. Her hands became wet from her piss leaking out of her, making it much harder to grip her pussy and hold back her stream.

Before long, Horuda'a issue had become worse. Standing over a toilet with her legs spread apart was the least of her problems as she realise her breasts and pussy were on show for Musume's insta followers to see. Suddenly, a jet of piss squirted out, resulting in Musume and Hana giggling from the sight of Horuda'a quivering pussy letting its contents out. She became a squirming mess, her bouncing on the spot was over the top and her hands gripped her pussy lips until they were numb. Tears welled up in her eyes, threatening to spill.

"Uh ohhh, is big girl gonna go pee pee?" Musume laughed, recording Horuda up close.

"Hm...this is boring, let's take her to the courtyard. Guaranteed she'll piss herself then." Hana whispered.

Before long, Hana and Musume had untied Horuda and were taking her down the stairs. Her skirt barely covered her pussy and her bra left nothing to the imagination. As Horuda closed her eyes, she could feel everyone's eyes on her, their jaws dropped as low as they could go. With a humiliating walk and a few more giggles later, Hana and Musume stood infront of the fountain with their hands gripping one of Horuda's arms. Her pussy quivered at the sight and sounds of water dribbling, everyone's eyes on her. She wriggled on the spot some more, her thighs pressing her exposed pussy lips together to stop her per from dribbling out. Unfortunately, a few drops of pee rolled out of her piss hole, rolling down her legs. People murmered in pity and distraught as they watched Horuda's bladder giving up on her.

"Tie her to the tree, we need to dip after." Hana whispered, resulting in Musume shoving Horuda into the closest tree and tying her hands around it.

"Quick, let's bounce!" Before Horuda could protest, Hana and Musume ran off, leaving Horuda and her full bladder behind.

"N-no..." Horuda whined, her tears rolling down her cheeks. The students in the courtyard ran away to go tell the teachers, but Horuda still remained. The sounds of the fountain sent shivers down her spine, her thighs pressing against her pussy. A gush of wind sent her skirt flying up, her pussy on show to everyone who dared to look. Horuda moaned and whined as leaks left her vulva uncontrollably, the piss rolling down her legs and dripping onto the grass. Before long, a bunch of running footsteps emerged from behind, a teacher and students came up to Horuda.

"Oh dear gosh, who could've possibly done this! Oh bless your heart, let me go get you a towel."

"N-no! Please! I need the...toilet." Horuda's cries of help were ignored, but they didn't matter. The dam burst. It went from a singular squirt, thigh squeeze, a longer stream, more pussy grips, then before long, the piss just rolled out with no signs of stopping. The teacher and students ran back, their jaws dropped as Horuda cried and pissed on the floor, the stream rushing out of her pussy lips.

"O-oh dear...I'm so sorry, Horuda. Everyone, look away! Let me sort this out."

That was the most humiliating day ever for Horuda. Now all she could think about was stabbing Musume and her gang repeatedly in their cold, dark hearts.

*010*2023-08-12 23:24

{{2 hours ago, warham1995 said:

I feel Kind of bad for Horuda, but I hope that she gets her revenge however violent or non-violent it is

}}

Well in the game it does get quite violent, but I should hope in my version that its solved with kindness for once 😅

*012*2023-08-13 02:19

{{2 hours ago, warham1995 said:

What about a masochist that wants other people to hurt her bladder by not letting her go to the toilet and after getting to the restroom having her sit on a toilet but be unable to release her bladder before finally letting her pee because it turns her on for the story after? sorry if this is the 2nd time I'm asking for this story prompt.

}}

Hm, I'd probably have to make a story with random characters out of this one as I don't think the idea would fit in with Yandere Simulator. But I'll think about another story idea with this prompt!

