Castle visitation

Author: Lukhas

*000*2017-07-23 23:12

It is time right before Christmas holidays. We do not have any lessons last days before Christmas and this day we are going to the castle. Trip starts in front of our school when we take a bus and ride to the castle. We are in year 8 and between 14-15 years old. I am Martin little shy boy but not bullied. It takes little over one hour to get to our place. On the bus I can feel that I need to go but little and I know that we do not use so much time to the castle and rush traffic is now into city and we are riding from city. I am calm at this point.

We are going from the bus and teacher (female, 29 year) is telling us that last 500 meters we must go up the hill. Bus cannot go there due to too narrow road. I am going right in front because I want to be first there and find bathroom before we get innside the castle. But bathrooms are in front of courtyard and I am missing them. Some of my classmates use them but not me.

Our teacher is coming to courtyard and she is meeting our guide (female, 31 year). And we are going innside. I am little bit nervous because there was no time to go to the bathrooms but nobody ask for it. It is strange, do not tell me that nobody did not want to pee... but I do not know that they, which needed to pee, was already in the bathroom.

After 20 min. I need much more. Sometimes I help myself with grabbing to my crotch but I try to be secret. Nobody needs to know that I am in troubles. It is not take a long time when my need is getting to be worse and worse and I am starting with little pee dance, trembling, grabbing in my private area. When we are going it is good but when we stop it is problem.

Lea (female classmate) notices that something is wrong with me and ask me:

Lea: what is wrong with you, are you cold?

Me: yes

Lea is noticing that I must take one hand to my crotch.

Lea: do you need to pee?

Me: yes, I hope that we finish soon

But she does not ask more and I am thankful for it. She does not tell to another classmates or to the teacher and I am thankfull for it too.

After another room I am in panic because I am feeling one spurt but too short. So nothing is visible in my jeans but I am feeling that I must go soon. Another classmate Vladana notices that I am in troubles.

Vladana: do you need pee so badly?

Me: yes, I need to go now, I am surprised that nobody needs.

Vladana: we was in front of courtyard in public bathrooms, you did not use it?

Me: fuck me, I missed bathrooms there.

Vladana: but we will be innside maybe 30 min. so I am not sure that you make it.

And when we are moving to the another room she is taking contact with out teacher

Vladana: miss teacher, Martin needs to pee

Some of our classmates heard it and now they know that I am in pee troubles.

Teacher: Martin, there was public bathrooms in front of courtyard why did not you use them?

Me: I missed them, thought that I could use bathroom in courtyard but there was no bathrooms so...

Teacher: you could ask. What can I do now... we cannot let you go alone through castle. You do not have keys and our guide needs keys for herself. So tell me what can I do now?

Me: I do not know...

Teacher: you must hold it it takes not so long time now. Sorry.

Now all of my classmates know that I need to go and I am sure that they watch me, watch my battle with my body. Maybe some of them want my pee in my jeans.

Simon: I think that I have never seen some boy pee himself, it is only girls which sometimes do it

Larry: yes, definitely girls thing

Isak: no, one boy which moved in year 2 peed himself in the classroom

Simon: it was in year 1 so it can happen, now we are older

Isak: but Martin can hold it, I think

Simon: I am not sure, he looks like nervous, he is trembling, he does not have a much time

Larry: do you want to see him wet?

Simon: maybe. I feel sorry for him but I want to know how girls will react

Now we are going up to the tower. It is much stairs and I am thanking Gud that I am last. I cannot go quickly and sometimes I must stop. I suddenly feel a squirt to my briefs, strong, 2 sec. enough to wet my jeans a little. I am stoping and taking control. But after 2 sec. I feel that my pee squirts to my briefs without any control. I am not brave enough to watch my jeans but I am feeling how my own pee runs into my crotch and thighs to my knees and down to the stairs. Now it is reality. I just used my jeans as a bathroom. I do not know if I should laugh or cry. It is visible, when I reach tower all of classmates and teacher get know what happen. I am stupid that I missed bathrooms.

In the tower teacher says:

Teacher: Martin, this is the last room so hold it 5 min...

But at the same time notices that I already wet myself

Teacher: ok, it can happen, do not be sad, it is not problem. Accidents happen so do not cry.

Some of classmates laugh at me and tell me about diapers but I am in shock so I do not hear them. On the way back to the bus we are stoping in front of bathrooms and teacher tells that we should use them. I am going too.

Vladana: Martin, why are you in line? Your pee is in your jeans

I start to cry and go slowly to the bus. I must sit in my wet jeans all way to the school, rest of school day I could change to my gym clothes.

*002*2017-07-25 10:42

{{4 hours ago, DesperateCAN said:

Good story. But the grammar is a disaster !

}}

I know it, I tried to write it in present time, but grammar is always disaster when I am writting. Interstlingy that it is not problem to talk in 4 languages, but grammar is something which is not for me :-)

*004*2017-08-06 19:30

Yes, it can happen. In year 5 we was in the cinema and one classmate needed to pee badly and her plan was to go on the train. When we took train to the cinema there was bathroom there. But on way back came older train without WC. She was looking for WC but there was no WC there. She was too shy to say something and peed herself. Poor girl it was very visible on her pants- red colour was not good that day. She cried but teacher could not help her. She had to be in her wet pants rest of the trip.

