"Well this was an Adventure"

Author: hauntedhouse1

*000*2014-01-17 00:53

**First off let me say that this story is my first story on the forum and will likely not be very good**I will be posting it as chapters mostly because of time constraints unfortunatelyI will absolutely read suggestions and comments and they will likely influence where the story is heading. DIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNGGGGG DOONNNNNNNG!!!!! The door bell for some reason sounded louder than it had ever previously sounded however Elena brushed it off and ran downstairs to answer the door since it was likely the pizza she had ordered around an hour prior. Before opening the door she looked outside the peephole just to vriy it was whom she thought it was; she was the only one home and naturally nobody knows anymore who can be doing what.

"Oh hey there uhhmm I have a large thin crust pie and a diet cola, it's going to be 12.95" the sheepish boy with bad acne informed Elena as she opened the door. Elena took note of how nervous the boy was and figured it had something to do with what she looked like, at 21, two sleeve tattoos and some tight yoga pants on it isn't a far stretch to say that she was attractive.

After she had paid the boy and gave him a nice tip because she felt a little sorry for the poor guy she went back upstairs to her bedroom so that she could continue working on her histroy homework. Even though she was 21 she had put college off a few years and had just started taking classes; history being the first one as it overall was her favorite subject years ago in highschool. After eating a few slices and reading a bit about Henry the 8th she figured she would text her boyfriend and let him know if he wants he can stop by since the parents were gone and she was a little bored.

Alex her boyfriend was a pretty cool guy, the normal highschool graduate who has no plans of college but instead went and began working on cars. Elena knew that in the long run he would need to do something else more than likely as there wasn't much money involved but she really liked him and that thing he did when they were alone..well that had a lot to do with it also. Before she knew it she was done her homework and finished almost the entire pizza and 2 liter soda but Alex still hadn't messaged her back...she texted him again looking for a response but before she could read it she dozed off laying on her bed. Then the power went out.

Alex was headed towards his girlfriends when the traffic lights had stoped working; it sometimes happens in storms and such but at the moment it seemed like a clear night so he didn't know exactly what was going on. Either way he continued on just driving a bit slower and examining the road a little more. He had attempted to message Elena back but when he tried he realized he didn't have cell reception either, also a bit strange but he put it out of his head and focused on getting to Elena's in one piece. It had been about an hour or so since he receied her last text when he finally arrived at her house; between being a bit farther initially and driving a little slower it took some time. He knew her parents weren't home so he used the key she had given him a while back when he used to sneak in late at night; when he entered it was a bit difficult to see since there was absolutely no lights on or candles. He figured she might be asleep so he shut the door and headed upstairs.

" Hey Babe! ELENA!" Elena slowly opened her eyes when she realized Alex was standing over her. " Babe why is it so dark in here turn on the lights" Elena hadn't known about the power outage so when Alex told her about it she was pretty upset; she hadn't saved the homework she had been working on! Either way they both had the house to themselves now and since there wasn't much to do since the power was out...they began kissing and messing around; Alex LOVED when she wore these yoga pants, he knew she was wearing a thong under them and it drove him wild. When Alex got on top of her she realized that two liter was starting to want an exit plan and she kinda had to pee..bad. She knew she could hold it until they were done, kinda irritated because sex is never as good when she has to pee...when it feels good and he is going hard she is always scared she might pee a bit like she did once when she was 16 so it always kept her a bit out of the moment.

20 min later (LOL)" Babe I love you" Elena slowly got up to grab her underwear and pants so she could throw them on and run to the bathroom. She was putting her pants on when both her and Alex heard a noise downstairs and both stopped in their tracks. Elena slowly, quietly got dressed as did Alex..both rearranging some blankets and such, lighting a candle. They figured it would be Elena's parents and despite it being obvious given their age they still avoided acting as if they had sex. Elena opened her door " Mom, Dad; Alex is over and we are up here cleaning my room..whats going on, why is the power out?"Unfortunately it was not her parents who was causing the noise; whomever it was however did reply by simply yelling:

" I DO NOT KNOW WHERE THIS IS BUT DO NOT MOVE OR I SHALL BE FORCED TO KILL YOU!!!!"

I know the story is SLOW but this is simply a first chapter and it will all make begin making sense is chapter 2

