Best friends and Urinals

Author: DespLover9021

*000*2018-01-04 18:15

// authors note: I have not honestly done this in such a long freaking time and while this might not be one of the best stories you guys are probably used to seeing on here I kind of wanted to give this a try and see if I can do it. I'm not a person who can create a great story by any stretch but I'm gonna give it a shot the second time around and hopefully I do better than last time. //

//Authors note 2: this story is focused on young girls attempting to use a urinal for the first time. Krito or any staff reading this, please don't give me another warning point where I don't deserve it. This time I'm covering my bases by putting this note in here.//

###

Now with that out of the way let's begin the story okay. Please bear with any plotholes or incomplete descriptions of any of the girls as I haven't really done something like this in a very long time.

###

Welcome to the city of Los Angeles, a play place for the rich and famous, a city of lights and sounds, a city where if you could make it there, you could make it anywhere, a city of dreams. These were all things that describes this magnificent city in the southern part of the state of California. Now California with all its beaches and everything else it had to offer was still a state in the end but it had the most land of all the other 50 states and it was situated on the west coast which meant it was usually an hour or two behind every one else time wise.

As we wind through the city going through some of its famous streets like Hollywood boulevard, etc. We come across a small tightly knit group of girls, now in a city as famous as long Angeles and sometimes more importantly Hollywood, these girls would be nothing more than specs on people's radar, but this group were going to try and attempt something that not most girls would even try and attempt.

These two girls, best friends since early childhood were going to attempt to pee standing up in a urinal. into a now as you probably know, the anatomy of a female compared with a male is pretty significant in the chest and between their legs but these girls had been wanting to try something like this for a long time and it took them a lotta nerve just to even work up the courage to even attempt this little idea of there's. These girls were both the age of say 14, not too young by any stretch of the imagination but also not teenagers either, they were one year away from being teens and that made them a little excited.

So, who are these two girls and what are their names you ask? Well friend I'll tell you:

The first girl with pale skin and ocean blue eyes and har that was as black can get is named Sarah. She is a average build girl for a 14 yr old but nonetheless important. The second girl with a medium build, same skin tone as her friend and shoulder length dyed hair of blue with a mixture of red and black in it, was named Analise. These two girls were both best friends, they had been best friends since childhood, having sleepovers together and doing what every best friend pair did together.

Today however they were going to attempt to pee standing up in a urinal of all things, they had seen their brothers doing it, so they figured why not let themselves try. Though they were gonna need to have their bladders full before they even attempted to try such a task, which luckily they pretty much did at the moment. The girls were at Analises house, her mother worked full time at a talent agency so she was always out of the house, only coming into sleep for a few hours and check on the family before leaving again, her house had something that most LA homes didn't and probably never would, with the uniqueness of clients that her mom dealt with on a almost daily basis sometimes an unorthodox approach was the best approach when designing a bathroom and oh boy was this bathroom semi-unorthodox to say the least.

Sarah and Analise were in her room and they were just laying on the bed and chatting about things, that is until they started to feel their bodies send more regular warning signals to them that they might want to try and empty their bladders soon. So they decided they had waited long enough for their attempt and got up from the bed going together into the bathroom. When they entered it they immediately went straight for the shiny porcelin urinals sitting near a window on the far side of the bathroom. The bathroom was about the size of a loft bathroom with a tub that acted as a Jacuzzi, the girls loved this one most of all but didn't really use it as much as they used to because they were too old to be bathing together.

When they reached the urinals they were both giddy with anticipation but also were a little bit on edge and unsure of how to go about their endeavor, until that is their bladders sent them a little reminder of how much time they might have left before it chose for them so they hastily stepped up luckily there were two urinals there that they both could use so they each took one stripping their pants and panties down to their feet and adjusting their hips so that they would be able to get their pee into the bowl, they had been practicing doing all this way before they had even tried to attempt to per in a urinal, though their first attempts at peeing standing up were...less than successful but after a while of practicing and pretty much peeing together whenever they could helped out a lot most definitely.

So with bladders primed and positions ready they looked at each other quickly but quickly turning back to focus on the targets of their per and slowly relaxed the muscles that were firmly holding their pee in place until their muscles were completely relaxed and after about sixty seconds of waiting Sarah started to feel her pee rushing through her bladder into her labia and soon spurting out a tiny gush of pee into not the urinal but her lowered pants, at first, she silently cursed herself before figuring out the problem and adjusting herself and her aim before another spurt let go and hit the urinal this time.

As Analise heard the familiar sound of liquid meeting porcelin, her body also started spurting though on her first attempt her spurt also landed in her lowered pants and she adjusted herself and her aim just like Sarah had before the next spurt hit the urinal. Both girls were extremely happy at the outcome of this and soon enough after four more spurts each into the urinal both of their streams got started.

Once their stream got started though they couldn't help but both be super happy about this and just enjoyed the feeling of their streams leaving their body and hitting the inside of the urinal with occasional splashbacks but for the most part their pee sprayed noisily into the urinals. After about an hour and a half (they had both drank 5 very large soda bottles about a couple gallons each) and giggling all the while they felt themselves starting to reach the end of their little adventure and forced the rest out. Once their were done they returned to a normal stance and pulled up everything before going over to the sink and washing their hands and drying them before high-fiving each other.

//thank you for reading and I hope you all enjoyed. If you all did enjoy this and wanna see more of this story then please feel free to say so.//

*002*2018-01-04 18:54

Thanks.

*005*2018-01-05 19:04

{{14 minutes ago, Tapris-chama said:

Not bad for someone who doesn't post many stories. Clear, to the point and with a decent amount of description.

However...

Some constructive feedback is also appropriate, starting with the most unusual part:

Erm...what? O_o

I had to do a double take when reading to see if I'd misread that or not. 90 minutes...5400 seconds...of peeing non-stop (according to how I interpreted the passage)... do they have, like...a whole 3 gallon water tank in them or something? From the looks of the drink descriptors, I guess I'm not far off the mark with the 3 gallon water tank thingie. That's...inhuman...

I mean, personal opinion aside, that much drink in the space of a single day would cause water poisoning. NHS (National Health Service, a British thing) recommends around 1.2 litres of fluid intake daily on average so that is waaaayyyy over the limit.

Really sorry if I come across as negative, but I'm all for realism, as people know. Reading that sentence just made me very confused. Please, keep to realistic estimates in the future~ Your style of writing is good, but it's a little marred by that wacky bit. Also, correct me if I'm wrong (ignorant Brit unknowing of American real estate), but I don't think houses come with Urinals normally, and getting some installed where basic toilets would do the trick seems to be counter-intuitive to me. I know this is fiction and anything can happen, but this also confused me a little.

As for the second (and last) point of feedback: I'd like to see a little communication between characters so we can see their personality a little better. I always go by 'show, not tell' when writing, so I do go for a lot of dialogue between characters to 'show' their personalities and relationships rather than 'tell' the audience about them in a sentence or two. People have different writing styles, and I appreciate that, but just a few exchanges between the characters would be good as it'll feel more involving than just 'bam bam bam, they are like (x) and (y)'.

Overall, as I said at the start, a good story as a whole, just a little marred by contextual details. Keep up the good work~

}}

I had to figure you were gonna bring this up. Remember I do have a note at the top saying that I haven't done this in a very long time and if you can please bear with any plotholes or inconsistencies in the story.

As far as the stuff you brought up those are all really good points but the one about the urinals not being in houses as standard but I meant to put some context in that part and explain how the mom decided that it might be best that if her daughter maybe wanted to try and do what her brother is able to do standing up that she should at least be able to experience the full thing. I hope that makes sense. I'm gonna do another chapter that is the prequel to this little adventure and it will be much better.

*006*2018-01-07 21:36

// Authors note: The previous entry was supposed to be the first chapter, this entry will give you guys who have read this a little bit more background on how the two girls came to even wanting to even attempt at using a urinal standing up or even peeing standing up for that matter. //

//Authors note 2: again please bear with any plot holes or incomplete descriptions I will do my best to write a more realistic story. //

"Oh my god, I have to pee so bad! Jake! hurry up!" Cried out a girls voice from outside the door to the bathroom. The cry coming from outside belongs to Sarah and she is in desperate need of a toilet, She had tried to get into the bathroom before her brother had managed to trick her into letting him go first and now she was regretting it very much so and continually pounded on the door until he would open up and let her in. Maybe it hadn't been the best idea to have her mom give her a large glass of lemonade with her breakfast this morning, but she had wanted to just be done with breakfast so she could go and meet Analise at her place so they could hang out.

Analise was Sarah's best friend in the whole world, they had been best friends since the first time they met when both of them had been unfortunate enough to have been both desperate at the same time in kindergarten and both having to ask to relieve themselves but being denied by the teacher and having an accident at the almost exact same time. Since then they had both discovered that they had many things in common with each other and had decided to be friends.

As Sarah continued to wait outside the door and pound on the door for her 16 yr old brother Jake to hurry up in the bathroom, She couldn't help but wonder what the heck he was doing in there. Finally after a few more tense moments in which Sarah almost lost control of her bladder because of her stupid brother not hurrying up, he finally let her in and went to her room teasing her as he left saying "Jeez Sarah your what 14 and you can't even hold your pee in for like five minutes? Your such a baby you know that?"

She was about to retort but she felt her hold loosen for a second and dashed inside the bathroom and got her pants down and on the toilet before her bladder completely gave in and a geyser's worth of pee came flooding out of her, as she sat there sighing from the relief she just wondered if there was another way to go about doing what her brother seemed to be able to do so easily standing up. One she was finished with her business she stood up, wiped and pulled everything back up and went to wash her hands in the sink before she went to her room and collected the things she would need to bring with her whenever she went out to her friends place. Once she was sure she had everything she went to the door and told her mom she was going to Analise's house before she opened the front door and walked out to her friends place.

Analise on the other hand had still not gotten her relief yet and was continuing to pound on the door waiting for her brother to open the door. Once he finally managed to do so and she peed, she came out and went to her room and quickly picked up and folded her clothes all nice like and what not and waited for Sarah to come and ring the doorbell. Though she started to have a thought about maybe being able to pee in a way that her brother and all boys managed to do so easily and not have to worry about things like a dirty toilet, etc. Soon though she heard the doorbell ring and her mom answered it letting Sarah know where Analise was and Sarah climbed the stairs to Analise's room before knocking and being allowed to enter the room.

"Hey Analise, I'm so glad i was able to come over today otherwise i would have been sooo bored at my place. My mom is being such a pain, you have no idea." She said as she sat down next to her friend and put down what she was carrying with her. "Hey Sarah glad you could come and I know I feel the same way, but at least my mom isn't being like yours at the moment now is she?" She asked her friend as she looked at her for a moment her blue eyes staring into her friends black ones. "So, what do you wanna do today? I was kinda thinking we could take a walk and maybe go to the mall if your okay with that?" Sarah asked her friend as she then added "Or we could take a walk over to sunset boulevard and take the bus to Hollywood?" She wondered if her friend would wanna do one of those things with her. You see both of them living in as famous as a city such as Hollywood and Los Angeles for that matter kinda had its perks sometimes.

Analise thought for a moment, while the concept of being able to walk around Hollywood boulevard for a few hours for like the 23rd thousandth time sounded appealing to her and going to the mall also seemed to appeal to her, she really wanted to just stay home and just be on her computer for a while. "Nah, lets just say here today, besides, we can both catch up on the episodes of our favorite show." She said as she looked at her best friend hoping this was okay with her as she wasn't much of an outdoors person as much as she would like to convince herself that she was.

"Okay then." Said Sarah as she sat on the chair that she always sat in when she came over to her friends place and waited for the show to be started from the computer. When the show was started and they watched there happened to be a scene where a guy walked into the bathroom and stood up peeing into a toilet cause he had been waiting a long time to pee but his gf hadn't let him go because she wanted to spend time with him. This scene seemed to trigger the thought they had both been having before they had gotten to talking and stuff.

Sarah decided to go first "Hey Analise, you know I've been wondering, is there another way for girls like us to maybe be able to relieve ourselves like the boys do?" She asked as she looked at her friend who had heard the question and responded "you know I have been wondering the exactly the same thing. I mean it would make things so much easier at times you know what I mean?"

Analise waited for a response from her friend before she heard Sarah say "yeah, there has to be other ways for us girls to be able to pee and not have to worry about whether we're gonna get our butts dirty if we sit on a not clean toilet, etc. " She said as she asked "Analise, are you thinking what I am thinking?" Before the response of "Yeah I am." came and they looked to each other. "All right then lets try it and see how it goes." Sarah said as she picked up a unopened can of soda and handed it to Analise before she grabbed her own and opened it drinking it down and feeling the liquids rush down her system and the sugar keeping her awake.

Analise opened the can of soda and drank hers down before she got two more cans of soda for them before she sat back down and opened hers and letting her friend open hers and drinking it down, soon after about a couple more cans of soda and sitting through another few episodes of the show they were watching, both girls were feeling their bladders at full levels and both got up walking to the bathroom together. When they got inside the bathroom both girls stood wondering which of them should try going first or if both should just share the same toilet, in the end though both decided to share the toilet as they walked over and dropped their pants to their feet standing on opposite sides of the toilet their pelvic muscles facing each side of the toilet.

"How should we aim though?" Analise wondered as she tried to get her posture right so that she didn't wet her friend or miss the bowl completely and wet her clothes.

Eventually both girls decided on a slightly bent legs posture and deciding it might be best if they both curved their backs and soon enough they were off to the races as their pee seemed to leave through their pee holes and instead of hitting the bowl like both expected, their streams seemingly only made it halfway and their arcs curved downwards wetting the floor in front of each girl and creating a puddle that seemed to soon wet their lowered pants and they both looked shocked, after all this was the first time they had tried something like this so they were bound to fail on their first attempt, as their pee hit the floor and continued to create a puddle in front of each of them, they couldn't help but feel like they were missing something.

Soon enough they both finished off and both girls were left to just pull up their pants and each one take turns in the shower while the other waited.

Once both girls were clean and dry and back in their room they talked about what had happened in the bathroom. "Man, that was much harder than I thought it would be." Said Sarah as she sat there in freshly clean pants and underwear. "I know right, I thought that we would both at least be able to be on the same level as the guys do." Analise said as she looked at her friend "Maybe we just have to try harder and practice on our techniques?" Asked Analise as her friend nodded "Yeah maybe we should just both practice when we are together and eventually we will master it and then we can go for the big target, a urinal." She said with a glint of want in her eyes. "Yeah lets do it!" Analise said.

// Hope you all enjoyed this chapter and maybe if people want more I shall give more, hope this was better than the last one.//

