The Prodigal Princess 5: Winterfall

Author: Blackheart

*000*2012-09-12 06:22

(I'm back. ^_^ )

"Only strike when victory is assured. The farmer does not law low the wheat with half a stroke; thus the army does not law low their enemy with half their strength. If circumstance conspires against you, offer circumstance tea" - Military texts of Nortmund military legend Johannes Kilgore. The last sentence essentially translates to "wait out the enemy."

"Madame, the news is grim," murmured Hawthorne, the sergeant of the royal train's detachment, brushed snow from his coat and cinched the tent's knots, closing the pale light out. The warm lamplight that replaced it featured the man's worried face. "Word has arrived that the 3rd Army from Hiidenburg routed two days ago. The Oslanders torched the entire city, burning a good portion of the 3rd alive. The rest have scattered. Guardian Griffiths rides, but his forces are at least several days from here."

Wild, pale blonde locks of hair framed delicate yet hard face of the Knight Bachelor Samantha Greylily. She sat drinking Kafe, a mildly alcoholic stimulant from the east. The floral burn did little to stifle the chill she felt. Hiidenburg was only a few day's hard ride from Daschour, the royal family's destination. They had planned the journey for morale purposes. Things were hard in the fragile southern lands. The cold was brutal, the threat of Osland worse, and to top it off, the bandit problem had not been solved. It had been hoped that a visit from the royal family would ease some of the troubles. In Sam's opinion, it was far too risky an act for such a small gesture. And now, this.

She sat forward, finishing off the Kafe in a gulp. "What are Veridis' orders?"

"He is still in conference with the royal family. As per your instructions, I've already set the soldiers to striking the camp. We should be ready to go within the hour, or whenever they finish and their tent can be broken down. He has requested your presence as soon as possible."

The journey was coming to an abrupt end, now that the Oslanders stalked the southern hinterland. It had only been a few weeks since her "run-in" with the Queen, and the days following it had been mostly business, with the planning of this trip. All for naught, apparently. The train would need to make for Nortmund quickly, else the Osland raiders would overtake the slow-moving caravan. "Tell him I'll be there straight away," she said, pushing her chair back.

He nodded and left as the Sam stood. Her winter furs fell open for a moment to reveal the pale, toned skin on her legs. The brutal cold and clouds had all but bleached the sun from her body, leaving her almost porcelain. She shrugged the robe off and revealed her fencer's body briefly. A hard, but comely woman, she was lithe but still curved, smooth yet dotted with thin scars years old. Shivering, she went to work putting on her leather pads. The armor had some metal rivets, but in the cruel winter, the only practical armor was primarily fur and leather. Most metal plates would freeze and shatter. Strapping her sword to her side and fastening her cloak, she made her way out into the sterile white light of the snowy morning. The cold made her bladder twinge mildly, but she was far too preoccupied to let it affect her.

Making her way to the pavilion tent, the guards in front of it saluted, and let her pass. Inside sat the King with the Queen at a wooden table, alongside a stern, hardened man. Gin Veridis, First Captain of the Royal Guard. Gin leaned over the table, tracing a line along a cloth map. He was speaking quietly, and with the sound of the soldiers outside breaking the camp, Sam couldn't make out the words. As befitting her station, she awaited the call of her commander. And while she did, her eyes wandered. The royal pavilion was well appointed, though still a little spartan for the road. Rugs lined the boarded floor, and a small firepit heated, the smoke and vapor escaping into a hole built into the top.

As her eye traveled, she noticed off to the side, reading quietly, there was the red-haired goddess, the Princess Amelie. Her breath caught, and her body heat ticked up. The mere sight of the girl was nearly enough to set Sam aflame. Worst of all, the girl knew it. Though the girl made a pretense at continuing to read, a sly smile crept up her lips, and her eyes briefly flashed to the Guardian. The Princess was lounging in a silky dress - the tent being warm enough to wear normal clothing, and it clung to the young girl's body in a most insidious way. As she watched, the girl slid her leg down the divan she was laying on, parting the legs and allowing it to ride up, revealing dark blue stockings to milky thighs and eventually the girl's...

"Sirrah Greylily, step forward." Gin's voice was even, but the command was implacable, and her mind immediately snapped to attention. Shaking off Amelie's lustful spell, Samantha moved to the table.

"My liege," she said, bowing to the King, followed by "your Highness," and another bow. Finally, she saluted Veridis.

"Captain, what do you require?"

"I trust Hawthorne has alerted you to the situation?" he asked, not waiting for a response. "The decision has been made to make haste back to Nortmund. The Family shall be separated to reduce the risk of travel during the return, and we shall be leaving within the hour. The Queen will ride the carriage, while the King shall return with myself and the Guardians. The men will break the camp and return on their own time. They are aware of the risks, and happy to protect our liege. You," he said, pausing briefly, "shall ride with the Princess. First west, to Ferrus, then back north to home."

"Why the split, sir? That seems dangerous." She shifted forward, looking at the map. Various markers had been placed down, and she realized as Gin responded how dire their situation was.

"Aye, but it's a sight better than our alternative. As of this moment, we stand in the disputed territory of Nortmund and Osland. The barbarians march on this road as we speak, and we cannot risk the entire family being captured."

She stood for a moment, and let the situation sink in, before taking a deep breath, and nodding. "So shall it be done. Anything else?"

"One more thing. This," he said, pulling a discreet, plain wooden box from below the table, "Must reach Nortmund with the Princess. And the package must remain intact. It is an artefact. A dangerous one at that. I'm sure I don't need to go into details about proper care and handling of it, yes?"

Her world tilted slightly, and she shied away from the box. Artefacts were occult tools, objects of cultists and witches. Why it was there was beyond her comprehension, and it was only her steel will that surpassed her trepidation, and took the package. "It...It shall be done, Captain. My liege, my life is Amelie's."

His voice intoned gently, and she realized how rarely the King had ever spoken to her. Tension drew the words tight, but confidence radiated from him. "Of that, I am certain, Guardian. Go with the Gods, and we shall see you Home soon."

(Going to take a pause with this and finish it soon!)

*013*2012-12-20 05:09

The King nodded at her, and as quick as that, she was dismissed. Gin went back to discussing tactical details with her liege, and the box sat quietly on the edge of the table. Was it her imagination, or did it practically beckon her? She shook her head briefly, and set her mind to the task at hand. She collected the box and turned. Amelie was already up, with a heavy fur coat on, looking beautiful and mischievous and scared at the same time. She guessed that the princess had already been made aware before Sam had entered. As she made her way over, the girl spoke to her.

"I've already taken the liberty of having horses and supplies set for us. The servants have already packed my things. As soon as you're ready, we can leave." Despite the gravitas of the situation, the Guardian had to admire Amelie's strength. There was no trembling or weakness for royalty. In the back of her head, the girl's figure etched itself into her mind. The flowing cloth beneath her coat almost accentuating the her forbidden places. "Would you care for some help getting things together?"

Sam kept her face carefully neutral as she nodded, though she longed to touch her, if only for a moment. Instead, she moved to hold the flap of the tent open for the girl, and they left into the pale white light of day. Outside, Hawthorne awaited her. "Madame."

"Sergeant. Take care of the Queen. If anyone can, it will be you." A thin line of emotion tinged her words. What was that? Fear?

"Yes, Madame. I heard that you're riding for Ferrus, yes?"

"It seems that way. Why?"

"I know of a man there, in the event you find yourself in a need that can't be paid off with your crest. His name is Thatcher. Caldwell Thatcher. He's not exactly...Reputable. But he is loyal to the crown. Of a sorts." Hawthorne shifted uncomfortably. Sam knew what he meant - A rake of some sort. Ferrus was a made trade town; likely the man was a gambler or smuggler or so. "You might not be able to trust him with your purse, but I'd put even my own life in his hands, if it came down to it. I have hopes that you'll have the easiest journey of any of us. But there's been enough surprises today that I worry for that."

"I appreciate the concern, but it won't be needed," she said with a confidence she didn't really feel. "We will be home in no time, and when we are, the first round's on me."

He nodded, and saluted as they made their way back to her tent. As an officer of the court, she received her own private, albeit small, tent. That said, as she was used to traveling light, it still held plenty of room. Her small trunk was all that was there, aside from the cot. Amelie followed her in, and closed the flap behind her. "I'd be lying if I said I wasn't worried, Samantha. This has never happened before, and I'm surprised we got caught like this." The Princess moved past her and sat on the bed, sliding her coat off.

"It does seem a little odd. The entire trip, and then this happening. I wouldn't have thought that Gin would let the royalty out of the palace, let alone this far south."

"My father practically had to drag him here kicking and screaming himself. He argued that fear in this time would cause more damage than any bodily harm that could be put upon him or the family. A harsh sentiment, though I do agree."

"There won't be much of a kingdom to lead though if he d-"

"Don't say that!" Amelie glared at her briefly, before standing and kneeling to open Sam's trunk, laying the Guardian's belongings on the cot.

"I'm sorry. This has me on edge too." She took stepped next to the Princess, watching the girl go through her things. It wouldn't have been the first time, so she had no real qualms about it.

"I'd been thinking about that a bit. Why don't we start our trip off with good feelings and good omens?" The girl looked over her shoulder with a sly look at the Guardian, while she stuck her hips out just slightly, causing the cloth of her dress to drape itself over her perfectly formed ass.

"What do you mean - wait, here, now? We don't really...Oh gods. I've missed that" Amelie's thin hand snaked itself along the inside of Samantha's thighs.

"We have a minute or two, at least. We'll have to keep it quiet and quick," said Amelie through an evil grin, "but that's nothing new." She pressed her ass against Sam's leg and crotch, causing her to moan quietly. In almost a whisper, the girl said, "Besides, I have to gooooo..." To accentuate it, she squeezed her thighs against the Guardian.

Unable to help herself, the Guardian slid a hand against the girl's hip bone, pulling her against the woman. Before she realized what she was doing, the other hand had already snaked around the girl's chest, caressing her breast, moving up to her throat. A heavy draw of breath came from the girl, and she hiked her skirt up slowly, still mostly pressed against Sam. Creamy legs were exposed, followed by the girl's beautiful ass, practically glowing in the pale lanternlight. She noted that the girl wasn't wearing undergarments. Sam's mind wandered briefly at the girl's pantiless groin, resting on the pillows in the main tent.

With her one hand holding the girl against her, the other slid down, ever so slowly, caressing each part of the Princess' skin, reveling in her soft pubic mound with its light fuzz. Her fingers felt the girl's pussy, and it was already slick. The merest touch was electric to Amelie, who gasped before sidling herself up, squatting down slightly. She held herself against the cot. Her forbidden places were on display, enticing the Guardian. She kneeled before her Princess, eyes glued to the scene before her.

An innate sensuality caused the girl to rock her hips slightly, moving her ass slowly in a hypnotic circle. "I've had to go all morning, and haven't had a chance to release my water since I awoke. I almost couldn't hold it in the pavilion. I squirted a few times on the pillows. I don't think I can hold it any longer..."

Sam was transfixed. The words from the girl echoed in her head, but her eyes were trapped on the visage in front of her. And just like that, she saw it happen. At first, a tiny trickle escaped her soft pussy lips. The girl tensed briefly, trying to hold it, and then a squirt, tracing its way down her thigh. All of a sudden, the floodgates opened, and she started peeing in earnest, the pale yellow liquid hissing in the quiet of the tent. The outside world fell away as the Guardian watched. Bewitched, her hand reached out, touching the girl's soft lips. And in response, unable to contain herself, the girl pressed herself against Sam's hand, still peeing.

Oh gods...Touching her felt so good. How did it feel so good?

She slid a finger inside the girl as her stream died down, and the girl pressed her body against Sam. Winding hands flailed against the Guardian's body, each touch electric, uncontrollable. It's been so long. How does it feel so...

And then she heard it. A whisper-thin hum, like...Like nothing she'd ever heard before. Amelie, noticing Sam had paused, murmured half in curiosity and half in frustration, "Samantha, what's the matter?"

"I...I'm not sure. Do you hear..." And then she pinpointed the sound. It was coming from the box. The artefact's box. Inside it, illuminated from the cracks in the lid, there was a deep-violet glow.

"My lady, there is witchcraft afoot."

(Taking another break. Sorry guys! Time is a precious commodity for me these days. But I will continue to work on this!)

(Side note: Would it be possible to get this attached to the first post? I can't seem to edit it.)

{{: 

Whaaaaaaaaaaaat this is actually really well written

}}

I'm glad you like it. The character Sam was modeled from one of your drawings, :)

*017*2013-03-05 11:46

I promise I won't. I'm having to sort some stuff out in my life for a bit though, so until then I don't have a lot of time to devote to this creative pursuit, :).

