Anything to Confess? - Page 2

*025*2021-08-12 10:57

{{Just now, Manowar said:

Glad to hear that your son is recovering.

So Liam and Megan went to the same toalet. Too bad for him, the girl won the race. Now they could meet each other in toilet doors...

}}

Loads still to come as had lots of writing time in hospital

&&

&&

&&

*026*2021-08-12 13:49

Chapter 14:

Liam

I follow Aidan as closely as I can thinking of nothing else other than holding back the waterfall inside me. He hasn’t given any indication where we are going and I daren’t ask. I’d piss in a drain pipe right now I’m that bursting!

The pavement is uphill and the effort required is almost too much. I have to pause, just for 20 seconds or so, to bend forwards and squeeze myself. Even my bloody testicles ache right now! We’re at the edge of a council housing area and the only open building I can see is an old Victorian red sandstone school like building with a fence around it. There’s a sign outside but the angle it faces means I can’t make out what it says until we get nearer. There’s very few people around and the silence is almost eerie.

I do however notice a youngish girl about to cross the road. It’s a damp drizzly day but she’s got nothing more that a t-shirt and cardigan on and she seems in rather a hurry. She reminds me of the girl I saw in the laundrette last week, but then so many people do since I can’t stop thinking of that girl. I’m too busy with my head down holding myself but when I look up again she’s disappeared. Did I imagine her?

Aidan beckons me into the old building and through the heavy wedged open door.

‘There a loo in there mate but..’

I don’t have time to hear what the but is as I hold my damp dick through my jeans and frantically head where Aidan pointed. I can make out a sign on a door with baby change, disabled toilet, gents and ladies. Fan-bloody-tastic! Thank fuck I can finally piss!

Pushing the door open with my back, both hands now on my crotch, one gripping myself firmly the other unzipping ready, I turn and freeze, horrified.

This isn’t a corridor with separate gents, ladies and a disabled loo as I expected but one area with a sink, a baby change table and one wide doored single cubicle. Still it’s a toilet and will no urinal to be seen I start to fish out my quivering penis from my open jeans fly and boxers as I push the cubicle door with my other hand. I take a step towards the toilet, my head down as I walk in ready to aim and fire…

Then she screams at me! More in shock and horror than fear I think. I look down at my own exposed desperate penis in embarrassment as I hear her stream exploding loudly into the pan. I might have given her a shock but it clearly hasn’t prevented her body from peeing! The problem is though that this is more than my own exhausted body can handle and a good size spurt shoots out of my dick onto the tiled floor right in front of this girl on the loo!

I apologise profusely, backing up as best I can and trying to close the door to give her privacy. It’s the same girl I saw with just a cardigan on moments earlier (I obviously didn’t imagine her) and despite living with Lauren on and off for almost 10 years years it’s the first I have ever seen a woman pee in real life other than last week at the launderette. My hand is still gripping my exposed penis and I dance about like a lunatic waiting to get into the stall but also in shock at the image I just walked in on. My body feels on fire, I assume with such urgency to piss combined with embarrassment, but for a second it feels so similar to sexual arousal too. I stroke and squeeze myself as I can’t help swearing loudly hearing the fast outpouring of urine coming from the stall.

‘Fuck!’

‘I’ll be as quick as I can. Sorry, I had no time to lock the door!’

It should be me apologising for walking in on her but I can barely speak I am so on edge. My flaccid penis has grown a little in my hands, my legs are twisted all over the place as I try and hold back just that bit longer and I am out of breath and sweating.

Another spurt shoots out onto the floor as I hastily dance around looking for somewhere, something, anything, I can piss in! It’s too late and I am not going to be able to wait. As the long unstoppable splashing comes from behind the stall door another longer spurt arches out of me splashing on the floor in front of my feet. I’m beyond the point of holding back. My body can’t take anymore as a non stop whoosh whizzes out of my personal hose pipe onto the floor as I stagger towards the sink.

*028*2021-08-13 12:39

Chapter 15:

Megan

The high I get from finally being able to relax on the loo is so short lived it only actually lasts seconds. My mind and body is so consumed with the incredible relief of actually making it that I get the most terrible fright ever as someone walks in on me, exposed and peeing like an overflowing bath with it’s plug pulled out. I had no time to lock the door and now someone is standing right in front of me, his dick out and everything, even peeing a bit, and all I do is instinctively scream like he’s got a knife in his hand rather than a peeing penis! I hardly get to look at him but there’s definitely a familiar sense about him.

I stare at his firm hands, his shaking spurting penis and his solid chest as he backs out apologetically and pushes the door ajar. The whole time my bladder is erupting continually and I can’t stop. I can see his feet continually moving from under the door and then I hear him swear. Whoever he is he’s very clearly desperate to use the toilet I’m occupying and despite the fact I couldn’t have waited a second longer I still feel immensely guilty that I’m making him wait. Yet simultaneously the noise of him pee dancing behind the door, the urgency in his voice, the way he almost pissed all over me, gives me a feeling of pleasure and horniness I never expected and reminds me of how I felt last week when I was trying to hide my desperation from a stranger in the laundrette.

I hope Father Reilly has plenty of time when I finally build up the courage to go to confession!

I can’t hear him anymore nor can I see his feet. As my own bladder finally finishes emptying I feel a sense of disappointment that he might have had an embarrassing accident or that I might never be able to properly apologise face to face. Whatever has happened I somehow feel responsible.

I wipe my slippery sensitive pubic area and pull my rather damp knickers and tights up, making sure to avoid the puddle of pee that isn’t mine. I pull some extra toilet roll out and mop up the puddle before flushing and heading out towards the sink.

And there he is! His front facing the sink as he stands as close to it as he can. I can see his head bent forwards in the mirror but can’t make out if he’s washing his hands or something else. Apart from the fact I am not leaving without washing my hands I also want to somehow see if he had an accident or not. He has a council high vis waistcoat on and I go red just thinking of the public shame he will face walking the streets with wet jeans. As the flush of the toilet goes quieter I can just make out water running and I suddenly realise he’s still peeing…in the sink! I’m not sure if I’m shocked, horrified, impressed at his problem solving skills or disgusted? Maybe a mixture of them all combined with fascination at the idea of a grown man having to piss so urgently that he had to resort to a sink in a public toilet in a library. That last thought gives me a tingling throughout my body.

I patiently wait to use the sink eyeing this man from top to bottom and feeling a sense of shared privacy between us. Inadvertently we have bath witnessed the other stranger peeing; an act that is intrinsically and traditionally very private. It doesn’t somehow seem as bad that he just saw me exposed on the loo as I now realise that I saw his private body part and I am now in touching distance of him as he urinates. It’s like we are somehow even, united in embarrassment and humiliation. As I continue to look around the bathroom trying not to appear to be staring I notice how wet the floor is and realise he didn’t quite make it to the sink in time. Imagining how strong his urge must have been, how full and heavy his bladder must have felt, makes my head spin. It’s not hard to imagine as less than 5 minutes ago I felt exactly the same way.

A few minutes later he raises his head and I make out his face and eyes in the mirror.

It’s him. I know it is.

This is weird. Wonderful but weird.

*031*2021-08-13 22:53

Chapter 16:

Liam

She’s standing right there staring at me as I let loose in the sink. I can feel it and sense it, though I don’t dare turn for fear I will splash everywhere. But God I want to see her face so badly. There’s something so unbelievably hot about this whole situation but I can’t think about that for fear my dick will go erect and then my bladder won’t fully empty. Despite how wonderful and amazing it is in this public toilet right now I am still very conscious that Aidan is outside waiting for me and we need to get back to work quickly.

Finally, after what feels like an age, my flow slows to a trickle then a few stray drips and I shake and tuck myself back in. She’s still standing there and as soon as I am decent I turn and look at her eye to eye.

Oh my God!

It’s her! I know it is. Her face is forever tattooed on my mind and has been since last Wednesday. It’s launderette girl! I can’t blow it this time. I can’t.

I clear my throat and try saying something to break the ice.

‘Really sorry about walking in on you and…’ I drop my gaze and see the horrifying mess I left on the floor, ‘for the mess. I’ll clean it up. This is so embarrassing.’

Oh God, do I dare ask ‘Are you the girl from the launderette?’ Is it even appropriate to say, ‘Fucking hell you are the hottest girl on the entire planet and you have cast a spell on me that has consumed me ever since I first saw you.’ My words stay in my head but fuck am I erect in seconds just looking in her gorgeous erotic eyes. I’m as desperate now to fish my dick back out and cum as I was to piss just moments ago.

But in fear of her screaming again if she sees my bulge I quickly and embarrassingly grab a handful of paper towels and kneel on the floor to mop up the huge mess I left. Now I’m facing her sensible flat footwear, her ankles covered in flesh nylon tights and her defined and womanly calf muscles. Shit even these are driving me wild with desire. What is it about this girl? Her legs are moving away though now and emotion is overcoming me. Embarrassment, shame, and rampant hormones combine to form tears on my red flushed face while I mop up the liquid that still feels warm through the thin paper towels.

Something touched me! Sparks fly right through me from the back of my hand and I jump in shock. I raise my face to see what or who it was. There she is, bent down on her knees on the dirty floor of a public toilet, paper towels in hand, joining me mopping up my mess as her hand accidentally touches mine as we attempt together to soak up my urine from the floor tiles. Her face is so agonisingly close to mine I could kiss her, but I daren’t. Instead all I say is some absolute nonsense.

‘I thought the council were paying me to clean up other people’s mess not my own.’

I’m an idiot. A fucking piss-on-the-floor-of-a-public-toilet-and-mess-up-with-a-beautiful-sexy-girl idiot.

Kissing her might have been better after all.

*032*2021-08-14 10:16

Chapter 17:

Megan

The poor guy is clearly mortified about pissing on the floor and it’s all my fault. The least I can do is help him clean it up. It doesn’t even bother me anyway, as one I am used to cleaning up after others, and two I have nothing to hurry home for anyway.

I didn’t mean to touch his hand as I bent down but when he looks right at me I suddenly realise where I recognise him from. It’s that English guy from the launderette! He probably doesn’t even remember me and I am definitely not going to mention it as I am trying hard enough to forget that day as it is. But God he’s handsome. And hot. And my thoughts are racing to places no good Catholic girl should ever go. It’s ridiculous but I actually want to kiss him. I have never wanted to kiss a man before, not like this.

He’s also witty. While we are using the cheap paper towels to mop up the mess he quirks something about the council paying him to clean other people’s mess and not his own. That actually makes me chuckle. It also makes me wonder how much I would be paid for all the clearing up I do for others. Father Reilly says it’s my duty and sacrifice for my sins but it seems like I must somehow sin way more than anyone else in my family and I don’t know how.

Other than Father Reilly in confession I haven’t ever told anyone all the stuff I do at home but here I am in the toilet of the library crawling on the floor mopping up someone else’s piss and I actually blurt out to a stranger a little of my secret home life.

‘Well that’s better than me. I spend my days cleaning up other people’s mess and I don’t even get paid a penny. In fact my payment is being shouted at and pushed out my own house and not allowed to even use my own toilet.’

If dad knew I was talking to a strange man he’d go ape. If he knew I had just divulged family information he’d leather me black and blue. That’s why I spend so much time praying to the saints and God. At least mam and dad can’t find out what I say to them at chapel can they?

He must think I’m some mentally insane woman who is attention seeking. His eyes ooze kindness though and genuine interest. His reply isn’t what I expected at all either. As we both pick up the soaked paper towels and bin them at the same time he touches my shoulder in a very comforting way, the exact same way I felt him do at the launderette last Wednesday.

‘Sadly some people seem to get a real kick from controlling others. It takes a huge amount of courage to realise that sometimes the best thing for everyone is to walk away.’

He pushes the soap dispenser down and lathers his hands thoroughly, stepping aside to make room for me to do the same. As he turns the hot tap on he smiles at me via the mirror.

‘I think a beautiful girl like you can find that courage from somewhere don’t you?’

He winks, dries his hands, dumps the used paper towels in the bin and heads to the door. My heart is thumping, my head spinning and my mind whizzing. Other than dad now and again no-one has ever in my life called me beautiful.

No-one.

*034*2021-08-14 14:24

{{2 hours ago, Manowar said:

Fabulous!

}}

Glad you are enjoying it

*036*2021-08-15 10:11

Chapter 18:

Liam

I need my job so badly or I can’t pay my rent, or buy food, or pay my electric and gas bill. I’m already living off my credit card and will be paying the minimum payment every month as it is. That’s the only reason I walk straight to Aidan because every other part of my heart and body would much rather follow that girl. Damn I still don’t even know her name!

‘That better? Right we best get a move on because if the van drives past and doesn’t see us they’ll be calling the mobile and we’ll get a strike against us. I ain’t had one yet and even if you are my ticket to refer-a-friend you’re not worth getting my first strike for.’

Aidan is practically running back down the hill to the shore and I follow him jogging. He doesn’t even give me a chance to answer his question but my mind is elsewhere anyway. Back on the beach he doesn’t even talk to me and goes ahead diligently finding every scrap of rubbish possible. I stay in line with him, roughly, but further towards the sea, finding a surprising amount of plastic waste and other rubbish to pick up. I keep a close eye on Aidan but my mind is as far from the beach right now as it could possibly be.

We are dropped off by the van back to council headquarters at the end of the shift and it takes me a few minutes to get my bearings again and work out the way back to my flat. I shower and then look to see what I can make for dinner. My culinary skills are as crap as my chat up lines, both woefully out of practice. Aunt Ella made the meals whenever I was there and Lauren when I lived with her. If either of them were out I ordered a take away or made a sandwich. I can’t even remember if mum cooked much or not. I’ve quickly learnt that most things come with instructions though and after almost a week alone I haven’t poisoned myself once yet.

After eating and washing up I sit down finally. I’m not used to being on my feet all day and my legs and feet ache. I should find a gym here but that will probably need to wait until I have more money coming in. I check my phone and see if I’ve missed any texts or calls. One missed call from Aunt Ella so I call her back.

Aunt Ella is like a saint but I can sense she’s missing me greatly. During our little catch up she asks several times when I’m coming back. For someone who had a hormonal cheeky 14 year old lad literally dumped on her she cares a hell of a lot about me. She’s the only family I have really and pangs of guilt wash over me at the fact I left her so abruptly without even saying why. Maybe in a few weeks I will feel able to confess what really happened but tonight isn’t the night. The timing needs to be right. I promise her all is well though she can probably sense that’s a bit of a lie. The problem is I feel drawn to staying here but I can’t explain to her why.

After I say goodnight to her I wallow a bit by watching crap on TV and drinking cheap beer. I’m not working tomorrow so at least I have no need to worry too much about the consequences. Flicking through the channels as the night goes on I come across some drama or other. Lighting a fag and sipping more cheap beer I leave it on a few minutes as a scantily dressed woman walks into the office where a man in a suit is eyeing her up.

‘There’s no-one as beautiful as you Julia, and especially not when you lean over my desk like that!’

Between swigs and sips I talk back to my own TV:

‘Ha! You clearly haven’t met launderette girl. Or is it library girl now? You ain’t got nothing on her Julia I tell you.’

Why didn’t I at least get her name? For all I know she might even be a Julia too. The thing is whatever fucking name she has I don’t actually care. She could be Esmerelda Desdamona and I’d still want to kiss her! Oh how I dream of kissing her now especially if she was squirming like she did in that launderette. Fuck you and your black lace underwear Julia, whoever you are, I’m rock hard and stroking remembering the erotic vision of walking in on miss laundrette pissing like a racehorse with her knickers and tights at her knees and her skirt hunched up at her hips.

Now that’s what I call sexy.

*037*2021-08-15 15:59

Chapter 19:

Megan

I can’t help staring as the two men in high vis waistcoats practically sprint out the library like I’m a mass murderer.

But he called me beautiful.

Beautiful.

The word makes my very being tingle. I’m not very pretty like our Aisling, or smart like Niamh, or quick to pick things up like Theresa, or even super cute like Yasmin. I’m slightly chubby, below average at school, out of work and the one who made mam sick. I’m the one who gets sent to the launderette when the washing machine breaks, who cooks and cleans when mam has her bad days, who makes sure the boys are ready for school in time, and who gets left to care for Yasmin every day. I would probably have her with me right now if it wasn’t for the fact mam has to put on an act for the health visitor.

‘Beautiful’ isn’t what my siblings call me, nor the other kids when I was at school, nor even any of the people at chapel. I stop and look down at my patterned pleated maxi skirt and plain dark pink t-shirt with my boring knitted black cardigan on top. How could anyone, let alone a handsome man older than I am, ever find my body beautiful? I’ve no idea why the council employ him to pick up little because he clearly needs his eyes tested!

My thoughts are rudely disturbed by an older lady using a walking stick coming into the library. I must look stupid standing here in the corridor gazing into space, so to make it less conspicuous I turn and start reading whatever is on the wall in front of me. It’s a community notice board with little 5 by 7 cards with various things for sale or things people are in search of, or house swaps, that sort of stuff. I glance over a few cars for sale, furniture for sale, things people want and so on and stop at one card neatly written in blue felt tip pen.

‘Carer required for young disabled girl. 4 hours flexible after school weekdays plus 4 hours at weekends. Good rate of pay and access to vehicle. Must be reliable, caring, patient and hold a full drivers licence. No time wasters. Call Liz 07402 799 609’

I check no-one is around and take the card. I cross myself and promise to bring the card right back tomorrow after I phone the number. I walk the long way home via the shore line just to doubly make sure the health visitor will be gone when I get back. It must be almost time for the boys to finish school as I see a few parents and grandparents heading towards St Christopher’s.

Hopefully with the news she’s about to be a gran for the first time ever in 6 months or so mam will still be in a good mood tonight. If she actually cooks tea I might get a chance to use the house phone without her seeing. My mobile broke months ago and there no way I can get a new one on benefit money. Mam still insists I pay dig money too, though she takes the same amount off our Theresa and she’s working full time. Dad won’t argue with mam so I’m left permanently skint.

I get back minutes before the boys do. The TV is on and mam is sitting dosing in the arm chair with Yasmin bouncing away in her jumperoo thing. Someone from chapel gave us that and Yasmin adores it but mam is terrible for putting her in it and leaving her and forgetting she’s even there. I smile at Yasmin and kneel down to talk to her. Her eyes light up at the interaction and her little arms go out to be lifted. I can’t help wondering how long she’s been in there so automatically feel her to check if her nappy is heavy. It is. Has she even been changed since I last did her this morning?

I grab the baby change mat and find a nappy and wipes and sort her out before her brothers come home. I’m just popping her little clothes back up when the front door opens. Both boys make a bit of a fuss of Yasmin as they come in then head right upstairs, presumably to their room. Then I hear the bathroom door shut suddenly followed by Anthony banging on the door shouting in to his brother. ‘Hurry up in there Rory. I’m bursting!’ It reminds me of when I was younger and coming home from school desperate in this exact house.

It must be a Murphy thing.

Mam is still sleeping despite the noise so I take Yasmin into the kitchen and talk away to her while I look and see what’s in for tea. The dishes from lunch are exactly where they were when I left earlier and even Yasmin’s high chair hasn’t even been wiped. I find the baby sling and strap Yasmin in while I brown some mince and clean the kitchen. While I’m loading the dishwasher, wiping surfaces, talking to Yasmin and preparing dinner my mind is all the time thinking of the man with an English accent who called me beautiful.

God I wish he’d kissed me when we were kneeling on the floor cleaning earlier. I’ve never been kissed before by a man but I want it so badly.

*038*2021-08-16 09:03

Chapter 20:

8 days later

Liam

The last week has consisted of picking up litter in all weathers, spending two days on a training course at the council headquarters, trying to feed myself for less and less money daily and otherwise still fixating on the girl in the laundrette and library. I secretly dream most nights of meeting her while out working but, of course, that idea remains firmly in my fantasies and unconscious nightly states.

Lauren sent me a cryptic message on WhatsApp. Some veiled threat that if I don’t return home she’ll report me missing to the police and plaster my face all over her social media.. She was no doubt drunk when she wrote it as sober Lauren would never message. Her parents would say it’s because she loves me but after what happened before I up and left I know it’s because I finally found the courage to escape her control and she’s desperately trying to get that back. Reading her message again it suddenly reminds me of something that mystery girl said in the library toilet.

Something about ‘cleaning up other’s mess, being shouted at and not allowed to use her own toilet.’ Just the thought laundrette/library girl could be in an abusive relationship makes me so angry. No-one deserves to be shouted at ever, and while I get immensely excited recalling seeing her desperate to pee in the launderette that day I could never truly prevent anyone, let alone such a beautiful young woman, from using the toilet when she needed to. Fuck I go weak at the knees at seeing a woman, her especially, pee dancing, but I’d never cross that line of control, not without at least getting mutual consent first.

Aunt Ella is thinking of coming to visit. I’m not sure she actually will but the night she mentioned it on the phone I spent a full hour after dinner clearing the tiny box room just in case.This flat was advertised as two bedrooms but the so-called ‘second bedroom’ is even smaller than the bathroom and the owner stuck a cheap single futon in rather than a proper single bed to give the impression it’s bigger than it really is. I’ve been using the futon to dump my dirty washing on (in a big Lidl bag) as even my own bedroom is small. In fact the TV room in Lauren’s is probably bigger than this entire flat!

But for me this place is everything: freedom, privacy and my own space. The big problem is that next month’s rent is due in 6 days and my credit card is almost maxed out. Shaun, my boss, told me at training that we work a month in arrears. And they wonder why they can’t get staff? Hardly difficult to see why if you need money quick like I do.

Shaun seems decent enough as bosses go though. He took both training days himself and he was very thorough, though he wasn’t impressed my ID still hadn’t been changed from Aunt Ella’s address back in England. Other than that he said Aidan and Ryan (another guy I was paired with for a few days) had both given good feedback on working with me and my timekeeping, work ethic, and team working were all to my credit.

He did laugh at my one question though. He asked if I’d encountered any problems on the job so far and I went red and said ‘just the lack of access to toilets’, which was very true. Whilst I hadn’t came quite as close to pissing myself as that day with Aidan on my second shift, I was always, without fail, absolutely bursting by the end of every shift. After he stopped laughing he eventually said we are allowed to use any publicly accessible loo but must never ask a member of the public to use their home toilet nor must we ever urinate or ‘anything else’ in any public area ever.

I nodded but wished he’d actually said where these toilets were located on the routes. Actually he never even told me where the bathrooms were on the training days either! There was just two new starts on both days and on day 1 he had us work through all day and have a ‘working lunch’ saying he had a family meal to go to so he needed away sharp. Then on the second day he said he wanted to finish early since it was Friday. Both me and the other guy, Rodger, were dying for the gents by the time we got away both days. I’m convinced Shaun was too because he was very distracted towards the end on both days and very fidgety, but I think once he’d said about just ‘ploughing through’ he didn’t want the embarrassment of then changing his mind. I ran all the way back here both days, only just making it on time.

The only other thing worthy of mentioning is Gareth’s crazy idea of me renting out the tiny spare room. Unless there happens to be a homeless Smurf or some destitute borrowers around in Bangor I doubt they’ll be many takers for my matchbox sized spare bedroom…or it is just a cupboard?

But maybe he’s right. At least then I could stay in Bangor longer because if I don’t manage to find the rent next week I’ll be homeless.

*039*2021-08-17 09:19

Chapter 21:

Megan

Who would have thought 8 days could change so much?

Well, of course, an awful lot hasn’t changed at all. Mam is still how she’s always been: the ultimate Jekyll and Hyde, unstable and unpredictable at home but the perfect mam and gran-to-be in front of others and putting on a great pretence in front of dad. She got all dressed up with make up and a new dress for the big family meal last Thursday, presumably wanting to look the beautiful gran-to-be when Aisling and Harrison finally told the family their not-so-secret news.

Aisling wasn’t the only one looking like she might throw up any moment as my stomach churned when our Shaun went on about how his sister looked beautiful in her checkered skirt and matching top…MY checkered skirt and top that no-one ever even noticed when I wore them to chapel! As always Yasmin was sat next to me and I had stares and comments about ‘This meal is costing Harrison and Aisling a lot of money Megan so don’t let your meal get cold’ whilst I was simultaneously trying to feed Yasmin, keep her entertained and eat my own meal.

In the end Rory was getting antsy (bored and tired like I was I expect) and as it was a school night and I wasn’t enjoying myself in any way, I offered to take the boys and the baby home. Dad didn’t volunteer to drive us, neither did Theresa or Harrison, so we walked the mile home in the dark with me carrying Yasmin and then I got the boys and Yasmin ready for bed. Mam and dad seemed a bit tipsy when they finally got in so I only hope Theresa drove the car and not dad. I can’t wait for the day I finally get my own car and own place!

Other than the big meal the big thing to report happened two mornings ago. I was in chapel all morning, escaping home as usual, praying, thinking and going through my rosary. My mind was heavy with life, how I was going to let Yasmin, mam and the boys down after school on Monday by going for an interview for a new job instead of cooking tea for the family, helping the boys with homework and bathing Yasmin, plus all the business with that English guy in the launderette and library. I must have been there over an hour praying when suddenly Father Reilly appeared beside me quietly praying himself, then when he noticed me smiling at him he whispered those immortal words:

‘Have you something you want to confess there young Megan? You look so troubled and full of care. You know where I am when you are ready.’

I was ready.

Finally.

I sat in that confession booth for what felt like forever. I told Father Reilly everything, well almost everything.

I told him how the washing machine had broken, how dad had ordered a part but it took a week to arrive and how mam had got so angry when she couldn’t find her favourite top because the laundry wasn’t done and how she threw the bin bags of washing at me and told me not to come back until they were all washed, dried and folded. I confessed my sin of not doing all the washing by hand and letting mam down and failing the family. I confessed how I wasted the last of my change on my own selfish desires that day by putting it in the vending machine to buy a drink, not once but twice! I asked Father to forgive me for my gluttony. Then I confessed how I was sarcastic to a stranger who came in needing help but that I did actually assist them. I went on to say how my ‘fleshly needs’ consumed me as time went on.

Father did ask me to clarify that a bit. All the feelings of how I felt that Wednesday came flooding back in that little booth and I was right back there in the launderette again. In actual fact as I was confessing to Father Reilly how I had accidentally and stupidly filled my bladder to a point of desperation that day I realised, very embarrassingly, that I was in a similar position in the confession booth! At least this time I was alone! I explained how the launderette had no toilet and how by the time I realised how bad things were it was too late to find anywhere to go.

Usually Father doesn’t usually ask questions in confession but he asked if my wait was long or short and I explained about the two machines of washing and then having to load two dryers and how I was doing everything to keep my dignity and composure. I told him about the other person being there, but I left out the part about it being a man. I said that I didn’t reveal any of my body or hurt anyone or use bad language but that I did act very ‘silly and childish’ due to my extreme need to pee. I squirmed in the booth recalling it all and explained how things got more and more urgent and then I sat forwards in the confession seat with my head in my hands bouncing my leg as I sobbed and told Father how ashamed I was of what happened and how I won’t ever do it again.

Father was quiet at first. I expected him to say how horrible I am, how worthless I am and how disgusting my sin was and set me a long list of prayers and sacrifices to make things right with God. Instead when he did speak his voice was quiet, calm, and reassuring as he whispered through the gap about how God understands we are human, how he created our bodies with needs and how I clearly had used so much self control to wait as long as I could. 

He even praised me for sacrificing my time for my family to go to the launderette and how the only lesson I needed to learn is to be more cautious about my liquid consumption in future but that it couldn’t be helped. Surprisingly he even whispered how even those devoted to God’s work still have ‘human needs’ and it’s nothing to be ashamed of. I’ll need to come back to confess another day how the thought of Father Reilly needing to pee, perhaps rather a lot, while someone is maybe confessing their soul to them right here in the confession booth, actually turns me on.

Father asks if I have anything else to confess today. I squirm, not just because I do and it’s embarrassing, but because I need to pee, quite a lot actually, but now I’m here and I’ve finally found the courage to come and confess I know that if I don’t get it all out now I will regret it.

So I cross my legs, squeeze my muscles and start to tell him about a week past on Monday with mam and taking Yasmin out and Aisling coming round and the health visitor and how I was bursting for the loo for so long and how mam lied to the health visitor and I couldn’t use the bathroom because of Aisling and how I thought I would wet myself walking to the library. I have so so much I need to confess as I slip a hand between my legs and squirm on the seat and keep talking…

*041*2021-08-17 21:36

{{8 hours ago, Manowar said:

Are all Irish Catholic girls similar to Megan? She is sweet. What is going with Liam's accomodation? For sure he could not stay with Megan...

}}

I’m sure Irish Catholic girls are as varied as any other girls but glad you like Megan.

Poor Liam has himself in a right state but if you keep reading you might find out why eventually

*042*2021-08-18 11:13

Chapter 22:

Liam

I’m doing my first housing estate route today. At least it’s dry again, though for Spring it’s much cooler than I would like. It’s just a 4 hour shift today. I’d prefer more hours, actually I need more hours, but I’m still the ‘new guy’ and I don’t want to tread on anyone’s toes. I’m also getting increasingly concerned about the rent due soon and the lack of food in the flat. I’m not due a break today which is, in some ways at least, a blessing, because I can’t keep saying to my colleagues that I’m not hungry when they stop to buy stuff from Greggs or Subway or snacks from the newsagents. I’m living off Lidl’s own brand of breakfast cereal for breakfast then nothing but tap water until dinner. Combined with all this exercise litter picking I should at least be keeping my figure in check even if it isn’t great for my energy levels.

I am starting to get my bearings a lot more too. When I heard Aidan and myself were covering the Bloomfield estate area I actually knew where it was even if I couldn’t exactly name any of the streets. I could credit this by my hours of walking around and exploring Bangor but this one was much more out of curiosity in trying to find where my fantasy toilet girl might have came from before we met in the library. I can’t stop worrying about what she said in the library toilet and, as ridiculous as it sounds, I have walked to the library from mine so often now then crossed over to the housing estate and walked around listening out for any signs of obvious domestic abuse. I’m not sure what I would do if I heard anything but my heart flutters every time I walk about just thinking any of the houses might be where that girl lives. I never had any of these feelings with Lauren. Not once.

Aidan, of course, knows every street, shortcut, and given how many people toot their horns at him in passing, stop and say ‘hi’ or wave, it’s clear he knows a lot of people who live here too. For the first time it actually occurs to me that he might even know who that girl in the library was! How could that have not occurred to me before? It’s not exactly the easier or most natural things to ask him though. Thinking back he never spoke to her that day nor did she to him that I can recall, so maybe it’s just wishful thinking.

For once Aidan is actually quite chatty as we walk around the estate picking up litter as we go. He asks about the training and what I think of Shaun and comments on how annoying it is to be in the estate on bin day with rubbish overflowing from full bins. I learn about how this area is full of Catholic families and how the Catholic primary school is really popular. He reminds me to look out for needles and smashed glass on our walk and shocks me when he says that Shaun, our boss, actually has family living here. It certainly doesn’t seem like where I would ever imagine Shaun Murphy came from. It just goes to show how you never know someone’s back story I guess.

We don’t enter gardens or paths so I stare at Aidan as he opens a gate and winds his way up a ramp access picking up litter as he gets closer to the front door. Maybe it’s his house, or a relatives? I stand at the gate watching until he finishes and returns. I’m about to ask him about it when he volunteers the information readily.

“Young Chelsea’s house mate. Her poor mam and dad are exhausted caring for her. Least I can do to help. A few of us at the council did a big fun run for her last year to get her a wet room. I might work for the council but fuck did they screw that poor family over mate. All they asked for was a downstairs wet room so the wean could get clean in dignity but they said no and left the poor souls to have to find the money themselves. Thousands it was too. The mam, Liz, used to work the main switchboard at the head quarters you see so she’s one of us. We all do our wee bit to help them out now whenever we can. In winter we help salt that ramp for them, the gardener team trim her hedge so the wean doesn’t hurt herself coming down the ramp and we pick up any litter too. It only takes a minute but it’s so worth it.

While Aidan was talking to me I finish the bottle of tap water I’d brought from the flat and put the empty bottle back in my backpack. We carry on working and before I know it we are heading back to finish our shift. I’m glad though as, once again, I really need a piss. For the first time ever Aidan actually remarks in passing as we are heading back that he’s gutted the building will be closed on our return as he’d have ‘gave anything to use the gents’. I can’t help wondering how long he’ll have to hang on until he gets home.

I’ve now found a short cut to my flat which is just as well as drinking all that water on an empty stomach is fatal for my bladder!

*044*2021-08-18 15:01

{{28 minutes ago, Beastman said:

The idea of Megan sitting in confession desperate to wee and admitting her naughty thoughts to her priest makes he such a bad catholic girl.. Its unbelievably naughty I love it so much. I wonder if he's in to it? He didnt seem to think it was such a big deal when she first told him..

I wish your son a speedy recovery, sorry to hear that he has not been well.

}}

Yes I do wonder what’s going on in the other confession booth with Father Reilly too…and as for Megan, she tries so hard to be a good Catholic but that bladder of hers just keeps letting her down

*046*2021-08-18 21:57

{{6 hours ago, waterrat said:

Finally had the time to start reading your magnificent work and had to do it in one go. I couldn't stop, it is too exciting! Megan is an amazing young women, a dream girl you could say.

I am excited which way it will continue, what new things Megan will find out about and what her bladder will do with her

}}

Thank you! Still more to come!

*047*2021-08-19 08:52

Keep on reading to find out what happened to Megan in confession later on but for now here’s chapter 23:

Megan

Mam was raging when I said I was going out tonight even when I tried saying I was going to meet someone about a job.

“And what new job starts this late at night? Go then but don’t bother coming back! And your dad will be hearing about this when he gets in you know!”

The thing is I did tell dad so that last one isn’t even much of a threat but mam likes to threaten us with dad whenever she can’t think of anything else. She knows I’ll be back anyway too…where else could I possibly go? I’m just grateful Theresa is in so Yasmin and the boys will be ok. I hate leaving them but this is important.

I’m meeting Chelsea tonight and getting to know her for an hour or so. I popped round to see Liz after we talked on the phone a few days ago. She wanted me to come around while Chelsea was at school so she could ‘see if I was a good match’. It made it sound more she was setting us up on a date than an interview for a care position but she sounded as anxious about meeting me as I was about meeting her. I had the tour of the house and I was quite in awe of the amount of equipment Chelsea needs in every room. It made me so grateful that Yasmin can already crawl and will likely walk at some point, even if later than other kids. Just the thought of hoists, stair lifts, wheelchairs, standing frames, medical supplies and a wet room is overwhelming. It’s all new to me and I am suddenly unsure if I can take the position and adequately care for their daughter.

But now I’m in their living room again and Chelsea isn’t just a photo on the living room wall I feel less anxious and more excited. Despite the fact she isn’t using speech to communicate I find I can understand Chelsea very easily. Her eye gaze, body movements, and smile tell me so much and when she giggles I can’t help laughing too. Liz has a full book of all her daughter’s needs and I ask if it’s possible to take this home to read through more thoroughly. Liz seems delighted at this, though she did look at her husband before confessing that a member of staff at Chelsea’s school has also shown interest in the position so if I don’t get the post I will need to return the folder. I nod even though my heart is sinking. It might just be a part time job but I so want this.

As I go to leave Chelsea’s dad, who has otherwise been quite quiet, though very attentive, asks me if I have any other jobs.

‘We have only managed to get 8 hours direct payments and I am well aware that isn’t much for anyone to live off so I assume you will be looking for other work too?’

It’s so direct but I guess he only wants to make sure someone will be reliable which I can sort of understand. The front door is open and Chelsea has used a walking aid to slowly come out of the main room to say goodbye. I don’t really want the whole world to know my financial situation, or lack thereof, but I don’t feel I have much choice and maybe knowing I still live with my parents and have no other job might help them realise I have no competing interests? They don’t need to know about home life, no-one does.

‘Actually I still live at home and currently I am not working so I can be very flexible. 8 hours a week won’t be an issue.’

It’s then he says something that changes everything for me.

‘I wasn’t meaning to pry Miss Murphy. It’s just I am a benefits advisor and had too many clients think they are doing the right thing taking jobs for just a few hours then realising they are worse off. That’s isn’t in our interests, even less so Chelsea’s, so I just wanted to make sure you had thought about that.’

I hadn’t. I haven’t got one clue about benefits and only applied for the dreaded stuff because our Shaun works for the council and said I should. It makes no sense to me whatsoever that anyone could be worse off working.

Chelsea makes a noise and Liz rushes to help her back into the lounge and as I take a step out their front door Mr McGintley smiles at me.

‘I happen to think you and Chelsea would be a great team together so, please, if I can advise you on finances at all just call me. I don’t want you put off because we can’t employ anyone for many hours ok?’

I walk the mile around the housing estate feeling much taller than my measly 5 foot 2 inches and much happier than I’ve been in years. Now I have confessed a lot to Father Reilly (though not everything!) and met Chelsea life just feels like it’s changing in the right direction.

Well it was, right until I set foot back home that is.

*049*2021-08-19 14:53

Chapter 24:

Liam

I didn’t sleep well last night at all. Even worse than normal, which is really, really bad. Anxiety is attacking me badly and hunger isn’t helping. I miss Aunt Ella. Maybe it’s time I quit running away and ask if Aunt Ella will loan me the money to get back to England? I’m sure she would.

I pace the floor of the tiny flat until 9am. It doesn’t seem fair to call Aunt Ella any earlier. My mobile is on a direct debit to my credit card so at least I have the means to phone, for now. I feel such a failure. I’m no better than my dad who dumped my mum when she said she was pregnant and I’m every bit as bad as my mum who ran away from responsibility and abandoned me with a friend and never came back. I was obviously born to fail. It’s in my genes, clearly.

The thing is I am actually really enjoying my job. Sure it is pretty mindless and needs very little thought or skill and incredibly repetitive, but it is also oddly satisfying too. I’d really thought it was meant to be too, what with finding a flat so easily and then how I got my new job without even so much as an interview. Then there was meeting that girl in the launderette too. God how I will never forget that day as long as I live! And then the library? What were the chances of that? What if I go back to England and we were destined to meet again and I lose that opportunity forever?

I text Gareth and see if he’s available. He calls back immediately and calms me down, like always. He’s coming to Bangor next week to visit family and he can’t wait to see my flat and have a night out with me. I sigh and confess I might not be here by then because I’ve got myself in a bit of a mess. He’s a great listener, Gareth, and a brilliant fixer. 

He has life together, unlike me, and always knows what to do. He suggests (again) advertising for a house mate but I tell him I can’t afford to advertise anywhere and that the spare room is tiny. He’s still insistent and suggests seeing if local shops or community buildings like a post office or library might let me put a card up for free. He goes on about asking for a cash deposit up front but after giving me a long detailed list of things to look out for to make sure I am not conned he does at least end the conversation by saying that I ‘shouldn’t be stuck’. I assume he means he might loan me the rent which immediately makes my shoulders stop hunching and my chest loosen.

I decide not to bother calling Aunt Ella and instead google on my phone ‘room to rent Bangor, Northern Ireland’ and note prices, locations and other info. I search around the flat for a pen and write six identical notes advertising my spare room for rent. Thankfully I have no shift today so I search the kitchen for anything to eat and find two cheap digestive biscuits. I’ve no milk so it’s a black coffee with no sugar then I stuff the notes in my pocket and decide to try some local shops before I lose my courage. The little local shop pins my card up on the door without question, the local post office takes it and promises to put it up too. Even the Co-op, which I have never actually shopped in yet, help me out. Left with just three cards left I decide to head down, yet again, to the library. Just the very thought of the building brings back incredible memories.

It’s a bit after 10:30 when I finally reach the library as I pause outside just to savour every last memory of the time I saw launderette girl here. I wonder how she is doing, does she work, has she got a boyfriend, is she happy? Has she ever thought about me again? As spots of rain drip onto my hair I pull my hood up and step inside the library. It’s a beautiful building which I hadn’t stopped to appreciate before in my haste to piss the last time I was here.I can see the sign for the toilet and I can’t help smiling as I turn and force myself to step into the main room instead.

The desk is empty so I wander around looking for a member of staff then decide instead to hover beside the desk and hope I am noticed. Eventually someone walks into the room and I explain about my card. She beckons me to follow her and I stand behind her as she slides my card onto the community notice board. It’s another part of the library I hadn’t noticed on my last visit. I thank her and head back towards home, my hand in my coat pocket cradling my mobile and willing it to ring.

I manage to get two other places to display my cards; a local petrol station and an independent little florists. By the time I get home it’s almost 11am so I fill a glass of tap water, drink it all standing over the kitchen sink, then switch on the TV and dose on the armchair after such a terrible nights sleep.

&&

&&

&&

