Shiori

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2013-03-25 07:37

I have written this to go along with one of the movies that were recently uploaded to the vids area. I hope you enjoy it. It is only wetting and involves the wetting girl, a mistress woman who treats her more like a slave, and a man that is more or less just there for the story, and not really important to the events.

There is some BSDM here, but more just on the soft core level of controlling someone else's bladder release. There is no spanking or hurting of the submissive except in forcing her to try to hold it as long as she can. You might even cheer at the end, I'm not sure. Well, have fun reading:

Shiori

“What are you doing?” the mistress Mayuki asked the girl that was on the floor in a pair of old jeans and white t-shirt with her hair in two sets of braids.

“Do you want to be fired? You haven’t really even touched this room yet!”

“I’m sorry, mistress,” the young girl looked up at the woman in a white button down blouse and a dark business skirt. The woman’s face was sincere with disapproval written all over it. Of course, this made Shiori’s condition much worse than it was, because she feared the mistress, or rather, that the mistress would really fire her one day.

“Shiori, why isn’t this room cleaned up?” she asked with a hand on her hip and her face as stone cold as a rock.

“I… I just got to this room,” Shiori said honestly. “I’m going to clean it now.”

“Good. I’ll be in the other room, and when I come back, I want to see this wood floor so shiny, it would be like a mirror.”

“Yes, I understand,” the younger girl bowed as low as her waist would let her.

Then she dropped down to one knee, pulling out a small square of thick cloth with which to wipe the floor. The living room, which she was to wipe, was rather spacious with few furnishings breaking it up, and all of this, Shiori was expected to wipe with nothing but a square of cloth until the floor shined.

In some ways, it reminded Shiori of being in high school again.

She put the cloth firmly in place on the floor, put both of her hands on the cloth, and started to push it down an  invisible aisle on the floor so as to make sure she got every part of it.

Already, Shiori thought about how time was quickly passing. She had been working for this woman for the last two months, something that actually, the woman had done as a kindness for her because before this, the girl had been living on the street, often finding no more refuge than that of an alleyway to block the wind of cold nights. Now, however, she at least had a nice place to sleep and some food on a daily basis.

Shiori wiped back up the way she came, but in a second imaginary row wiping the dust from the floor in one streak that did indeed leave a shine as if the wood had just been varnished. This was her job. She was the maid of this household.

As Shiori started a third line down which would take her right by the low table, a man entered through the front door and looked down at the woman nearly on her hands and knees, her but sticking up so that he thought he was looking at heaven. She dropped her butt and turned to see that Yato had come in.

“Master, I’m sorry. I’m still cleaning.”

“Mayuki came in from the other direction and saw Shiori and Yuto looking at one another. With an indifferent face, she nodded at Shiori to continue her chore while she walked over to the businessman that was dressed in a white shirt, striped blue tie and dark blue dress pants, and she kissed him.

“Welcome home, dear husband.” It seemed that she was taunting Shiori as if she knew that Shiori wanted a man of her own, but somehow didn’t feel that she deserved one. “Shiori is just going to finish cleaning the living room, and then she can get you some refreshment to relax from your hard day at the office.”

Shiori wiped another row.

“That’s fine. I’m actually going to take a shower first anyway,” Yuto informed Mayuki. “I feel as though I’ve crawled through the grime of life for the last eight hours, and as if it is clinging to me like particles of slimy mud.”

“I understand. I’ll just go prepare your evening wear while you are in the bath then.”

Shiori wanted to stop Mayuki and tell her that she needed something, but she felt as though trying to interrupt now, might cause a scene, and she also knew that she was lucky not to be yelled at as it was because she had not finished cleaning the living room before Mayuki had returned though it was unnaturally early for her to come back through, and only brought on by the arrival of her husband from work.

Shiori made a fifth trail of shiny wood appear behind her as the other two departed the room. She sighed as she continued wiping the room until the entire floor was shiny. Then she stood up, her hand on her side, as if it hurt, and she walked over to the storage closet where the sitting pillows were stored.

Just as she opened the closet, Mayuki came in again.

“Good, you’re about done. I want you to get some refreshment ready for the master after you put the pillows down. Then we need to start dinner.”

Shiori nodded knowing that when Mayuki said ‘we’ she really meant that Shiori would be the one cooking while she supervised. But as she placed the last pillow in its proper spot around the table, she looked up at Mayuki with pleading eyes, just a little moist in meekness.

“I’m so sorry, but may I please use the bathroom before getting the refreshments?”

“What are you talking about? Of course, you have to take care of the master of the house before you think about yourself. Are you so foolish as to think like that? Now, come and get the refreshments!”

“Please, I wouldn’t ask, but I really have to go.”

“Then stop stalling and get his refreshments. The longer you stall on nonsense, the longer it will take to just finish so you can do what you want.”

Shiori nodded. Of course, the mistress was right. If she just argued, nothing would get her closer to the bathroom, and it would just make her mistress upset. She walked towards the kitchen a few steps behind Mayuki, her left hand still on her side rubbing it as if to rub the tension from her distraught bladder into oblivion.

“Of course, Yuto likes to drink his sake and have dehydrated fish chips before dinner. You should know that by now, so I expect you to get it automatically from today when he comes in from work.”

Shiori nodded. Of course, she knew that now. She took the little pot for the sake with its little burner to the table and placed it at the master’s seat so he could heat it up while watching television.

Though this was a very expensive house with a western style dining room and table, Yuto really prefers the Japanese style table in the living room.

Once the sake pot, bottle of drink, and dehydrated fish were set out for him, Shiori looked up at Miyuki to see if she could visit the toilet room or not.

She thought she had permission, but she knew better than to assume when it came to the mistress, because assuming was the fastest way to get in trouble.

“So, um, may I go to the bathroom?” she asked again.

“If you hurry,” Miyuki said sternly. “I don’t want the master to wait all night to eat.”

Shiori nodded her head and started towards the toilet. She pulled on the door, but it was locked.

“Mistress!” she called.

Miyuki came towards her, wondering what the helpless child-like young woman wanted now.

“It’s locked,” Shiori whispered.

“Well, when the toilet is locked, what does that usually mean?” Miyuki asked her servant as though she were talking to a two year old.

“Someone is in there?”

“Right. So, you’ll just have to wait a little bit. Come and start dinner.”

“But you said I could go,” Shiori drew back towards the toilet door to emphasize the point.

“Yes, but if someone is in there, I don’t see how you can go, can you?” Shiori shook her head.

“So, come and start dinner, and when you get to a point where you can take a break, you can try again.”

“Please, I don’t think I can wait that long. Can’t I just wait for Yuto to come out and then go?”

“No, you cannot! You are here because we have given you a room but you know you have to work for that room, right?”

Shiori nodded.

“Well, unless you want to get fired, you need to come with me.”

Shiori nodded and walked, or more like stumbled along towards the kitchen, her left hand not leaving her aching side and stomach as she faced the stove.

Miyuki pulled out three pans, some food, and then coughed lightly to let Shiori know that she was expected to begin. Shiori sighed and started to cut up the vegetables. Miyuki retreated to the dining room table to take on the role of supervisor, watching to make sure Shiori continued working, but not whether she was doing it right or not. She was sure that the girl could cook by now, of course.

Shiori shifted her weight as she had to move her hand away from her side and stomach to properly hold the vegetables for cutting. It was starting to feel quite full in her stomach, and her privates tingled with a feeling of burning desire to relieve some waste water, but she knew that it was not going to do any good at the moment to ask.

She cut up some carrots, then started on some cabbage. The time seemed to trickle by as she was working, and she felt like she’d never get to a break, and meanwhile, her stomach was sending signals as if it wanted to pulsate. Sweat dew prickled the top of her head near her hairline. Her eyes squinted a couple of times and her mouth drew tight as sharp breathes were inhaled to keep her in control.

Mayuki smiled at the tortured girl as if she was actually enjoying the predicament that she was in. It was not a new position for Shiori to be in, but still, the humiliation of being like this was still much to bear for the young woman, and she if she wasn’t so afraid of going back to living on the streets, she’d tell the woman to go to you know where, but no, she was scared to go back to that.

Shiori finished cutting up the cabbage, as Mayuki shifted her feet so that her left leg laid across her right thigh.

The young girl was now starting to cut up a sausage piece. They were going to have a kind of stir fry with sausage, cabbage, carrots, and thin chow mein like noodles. It was the Japanese way of making said noodles, not with the hard fried noodles, but with just the ramen style soft ones.

Yuta came into the kitchen momentarily after his bath, his blue shorts and a t-shirt on.

“Shiori’s making dinner,” Mayuki said with a clever smile that told Yuta that she was enjoying something or other. Then she noticed Shiori just as one of Shiori’s feet shifted and she bent her legs drawing in another deep breath.

“Does… does she have to pee?” he asked the mistress.

“If she does, what is it to you? You hired her for me, and whatever I wanted to do with her, remember?”

Yuta nodded. “But if she has to pee, shouldn’t she go?”

“I’ve decided that she has to hold it because she was stalling,” the strict looking woman said her mouth tightening into a frown that gave both Shiori and Yuta a message that they should drop it.

Shiori would have dropped it, but it was much easier to be told to drop something like this than to do it when you are the one suffering from constant signals that your bladder wants to give out.

“Mistress,” Shiori turned to look her way. “Please, may I go before I turn on the stove? I’m really not going to be able to wait.”

Mayuki already could tell that the girl was squirming quite a lot, however, she decided to play dumb about it.

“Well, you will wait, or you be fired. It’s up to you.”

Shiori looked at her, her mouth parted and blowing out hard breathes of anxiety at her predicament. Her ears were burning and her head felt both hot and cool at the same time. What did the woman want from her, for her to really pee her pants in front of her? Until now, she had only ever came close, because Mayuki seemed to call the holding off at the last minute and let her go all the times before, however, she doubted that if she turned on the stove, that she would be allowed to turn it off to go at the last minute, and she was certain she wasn’t going to make it past halfway through heating the food up.

“Please, you don’t understand,”

Shiori said tears slipping out of her eyes as she wiggled in place. “I really honestly can’t wait. I think I’m going to pee my pants. It feels like it’s going to come bursting out at any minute.”

“Well, if you do pee your pants,”

Mayuki looked dead into her eyes. “If you pee yourself like a baby, that’s what you are telling me you are. Do you want me to treat you like a little kid from now on? Maybe put you in diapers?”

“No,” Shiori sniffled trying to keep control of her bladder.

“Then you better hold it until you finish with dinner.”

Shiori turned back to the stove.

“If you say one more word about it, I’ll put you in diapers anyway, so it’s up to you.

Either finish dinner, or you can wear diapers like a little baby.”

Shiori felt her heart grow pins at these words, and the tears in her eyes stung twice as much, but she hobbled about trying to keep control and worked on trying not to bring it up again.

The sausage and stuff was soon in a frying pan sizzling, and as it did so, the sound played tricks with her ears. It was as if there was little difference between that and the sound of pee gushing out of a naked body and just before it hitting the water of the toilet bowl.

She wanted to go so badly, but she just squirmed and even put her left hand between her legs to try to add to the pressure. Was she going to wet? Please, no.

Several seconds passed as she squirmed at the stove, and finally, the sausage, cabbage, and carrots seemed to be finished and tender as they should be.

Shiori turned off the stove and then turned around, her hand still in her crotch of her jeans, trying to control her bladder.

“It’s done?” Mayuki asked.

Shiori, feeling the cool of fear on her head nodded. She was shaking and her dancing had momentarily stopped while she grabbed herself tighter.

Mayuki walked over to the stove and inspected the dinner.

“It looks good. You go ahead and go potty now, and I’ll dish it out,” Mayuki said with a soft smile on her lips.

Shiori hobbled to the bathroom door, turned the knob hoping it would not be locked again. She feared that even another minute would spell disaster for her already weakening muscles. She wasn’t even sure she could get there. She had shuffled her feet so as to not move her thighs away from her groin.

She was delighted when the door handle turned, and she was able to pull the door open.

Did you change the way stories appear, Kiri? It seems that it now keeps the exact format of my microsoft word format, down to how many words per line. It makes it easier for making paragraphs, but I'll have to remember this and maybe use a different font for my next story.

*002*2013-03-25 22:40

{{:

I really enjoyed this story. Desperation and domination are my favorite parts of omorashi, and you describe them very well.

However, I'll admit I was slightly disappointed that the story did not follow the frantic entering of the bathroom and the actual finale. Did she make it? Or did she leak a little and have to hide it? So many questions!! >_<

Otherwise, wonderful job. Thanks for posting!

}}

Sorry, but as a writer, this is my favorite kind of writing, because I like the reader to have a little wiggle room to imagine the ending they'd like. I also like to have the possibility of coming back, and imagining different endings to which I might actually decide on one later, and use that to start a sequel chapter.

*006*2013-04-06 14:44

I know this isn't exactly finished. I'm not sure how I want to end it yet.

I did think that you might like to see where I am with it, though, and maybe someone might have suggestions about where it should go.

Shiori

Another Problem in the Making

Shiori was a lot better at pleasing her mistress and the master of the house about a month later, and she had not had any close calls in that time. The mistress seemed bored of the game where she tried to make her wait as long as possible, and Shiori was very glad of that.

Shiori was now in the living room straightening it up, and Miyuki was watching television occasionally glancing over at her little maid. One thing that she still insisted on, was that Shiori had to wear a cute short skirt, one that was extremely juvenile and showed off her panties when she bent over. She loved Shiori in skirts like that, or in jeans.

Shiori had protested once upon a morning, but now, she just accepted it, and wore the skirts on her own. What did it matter? She never really went anywhere, and the mistress and master had seen her like that many times now.

“Shiori?” Miyuki said from the sofa as Shiori stood up from wiping the floor with the square of cloth. “I want to take a little trip this afternoon, and I don’t want to go by myself. How would you like to get out of the house?”

Shiori looked over at the mistress very surprised. “Really?”

“Yeah, really. Let’s go to Disneyland or something.”

“Can… can I wear jeans?” she stuttered knowing that the mistress had to be obeyed even if she said no. “It’s just… just that in public, this skirt… well, it wouldn’t be so bad, but the panties you always put on me are so childish.”

Miyuki smiled. “I know. I do that so you know your place in this house,” she said. “But I see no reason you can’t wear jeans. It might be a little chilly anyway since the sun isn’t properly out.”

Shiori smiled. It seemed that her mistress was really going to let her enjoy a day out for once.

“Actually, I want you to wear that purple top, too,” Miyuki said. “That one I got you that looks a little more grown up?”

“Really?”

“Yeah. Since we are not in front of Yuto, today, I don’t see any reason for you to dress like you are a child. Who knows, maybe you’ll meet someone you want to talk to, and you wouldn’t want to look like a child in front of that person.”

Shiori smiled and nodded.

“I figured you have been working so hard in the last month, you deserve to actually enjoy a day.”

“When do you want to leave?” Shiori asked.

“I was thinking at eleven.”

“Alright,” Shiori looked up at the clock and realized she’d have to hurry if she was going to get a bath. “Um… do you need me to do anything else?”

“No, just get ready.”

Shiori was in the bath for about fifteen minutes, then started to comb her wet hair in just a towel when Miyuki came in on her.

Miyuki put some hair bands down for her to choose from, and got out some make up.

“What’s this?”

“I just thought you should look your best when you go out,” Miyuki said as if she was talking to a friend rather than her ‘little maid girl.’ “If you’ll let me…,” she reached for the comb that Shiori was dragging through her hair.

Shiori relented, and Miyuki started to brush it into a nice set of braids. She swept back Shiori’s bangs with a purple hair band, and then she started to apply the makeup.

When they were through, Shiori looked quite different from her usual immature image that Miyuki liked her with. She was very pretty, with her slender build, her nicely smooth and tan legs, and her face now nearly blemish-free looking. Her brown eyes shined behind the complementary colors of the makeup, and it was like a completely different, more peaceful spirit was inhabiting the slender small body.

“Alright, get your jeans and that purple top on,” Miyuki said. “Then I want you to drink the orange juice on the table I got for you before we leave.”

This was not strange at all to Shiori. She was used to her mistress insisting she drink something or eat something at odd times of the day because she was not allowed to do anything on her own without permission, and it seemed like her mistress enjoyed giving her stuff to eat or drink when she wanted to.

Shiori started to drink the orange juice down after she was dressed, and then Miyuki pushed her along towards the small dark blue hatchback Subaru.

Suddenly, Miyuki had a change of mind. “I don’t think I want to go to Disneyland this late,” she said. “How about we go to the beach instead?”

Shiori wasn’t picky. Whatever her mistress wanted was fine by her, so she just nodded.

It was a three hour drive to the beach, and along the way, they listened to music and talked as if they were best friends. Shiori even forgot for the moment, that she was Miyuki’s maid, and Miyuki seemed to have forgotten that, at least until Shiori realized two hours in, that she wanted to stop off somewhere.

“Um… Miyuki?” she asked a little nervously knowing that she had no rights if Miyuki didn’t want to stop. “Can we stop off for a minute at the next convenience store?”

“Why? Are you hungry?” Miyuki asked completely oblivious to her maid’s reasons.

“No, but I… I kind of want to use the… the toilet.”

“Oh, is that all?” Miyuki asked. “Well, you don’t have to be so nervous. I have to stop for myself as well, soon, so yeah, I’ll stop in a bit.”

Shiori was relieved to hear that.

It seemed like time was slowing down, but her bladder urgency was starting to speed up. Shiori wasn’t sure why it always seemed to come on her when she was least ready for it, but she closed her legs a bit tighter and looked carefully around for any place that they could stop.

“There’s a ‘family mart,’ (a convenience store in Japan) just ahead,” Miyuki said with a smile on her rosy lips. “How about we stop there?”

Shiori nodded. She didn’t care where they stopped as long as it wasn’t too late.

“When you go in, I’ll give you the money. I want to use the bathroom first, and then after you buy our things, you can go,” Miyuki told her as if it was expected that she just hold it until given permission.

Shiori, though a little panicked in her head, figured that this was the way it would be. Miyuki had told her that she had to go, and most convenience stores only allow one person at a time, so she, being the mistress, would definitely go first.

Shiori waited for Miyuki to stop the car, give her a little money for buying some snacks that she wanted, and then she stepped out of the car and walked into the convenience store going towards the snack aisles while Miyuki went to the back towards the girls’ room.

Shiori pulled some juice out of the refer area, a bag of chips off of the snack aisle and a couple of sandwiches. She could feel a heavy fullness in her stomach that was pressing with intensity as a slight burn of desire tickled her vagina-lips. She really had to go.

She walked up to the cashier, and just as she was standing there, nearly doing a pee dance, Miyuki came out and walked up to her.

“I’ll get this, you go ahead and go,” she whispered opening her purse.

Shiori nodded and started to shuffle to the back of the store towards the toilets. She wasn’t sure if she would even make it, but somehow, by sure will, she made it to the back in time to see three people in line. She sighed as she stood in the back wiggling her legs.

“Look mommy,” a girl behind her pointed. “I think that woman really has to pee!”

“Quiet, Emiru. We don’t say things like that.”

The girl was only about five years old.

Shiori blushed and looked straight ahead at the three people in front of her and the closed bathroom door. She really hoped whoever was in there would hurry, and that the next three people would also not take too long. She was already pushing her limits with her bladder as it was. It seemed to take forever to find the convenience store, and it really was. It had taken at least an hour to find it because they were driving in the mountainous country area.

‘Please, please, please,” Shiori started to mouth under her breath. “Please let me make it. Please, please, please.”

She was bouncing a bit as her knees and thighs were as closed as possible and her shines were slightly spread apart to give her balance as she bounced in place, her hands panicking and restless. She couldn’t openly hold herself in front of these strangers, but she could feel her muscles wavering in strength as wave after wave of pressure was sent from her bladder down her tubing and towards her throbbing girlhood.

Time seemed to trickle by. The lock on the door jingled, and it came open revealing a teenager. She gave the small line a small guilty smile and went to the sink to wash her hands. Shiori shrugged it off.

The next woman went into the stall, but then she gasped as the toilet was flushed again, again, and again. She came back out.

“It’s broke, girls,” she called to them.

The young girl hurried away and to her parents’ car. She didn’t want the others to accuse her of breaking it, even though she was the last one to use it, when it was still working. Shiori wasn’t sure whether it was her fault or not. It didn’t matter, all that did matter, was that there was now only a men’s toilet, and she really had to go.

She cautiously opened the men’s door, but then gasped when she saw that it was nothing but a urinal. There was no way she could use that! She was not like some bold girls who somehow found a way to do so, and so she closed the door, and shuffled in tiny steps towards the door that separated the toilet areas from the shopping area.

Even if she did get Miyuki to pull over again, she was certain that she wouldn’t make it to the next toilet. Still, she had to tell Miyuki, and try to wait because there was no way she could use the toilet there, and she couldn’t wet her pants like a little kid!

She opened the door carefully, to find Miyuki standing there looking stern.

“Took you long enough.”

“There was a line, and… and I can’t even go,” Shiori whimpered.

“What do you mean you can’t go?”

“The toilet is stopped up.”

“Oh, well, get in the car, and I’ll take you somewhere else to go then.”

Shiori shook her head.

“I can’t wait that long. I’m going to wet if I wait for the next stop.”

“Well, what do you want to do?” Miyuki asked.

“I… I don’t know,” Shiori whispered, her face blushing, cooling, and blushing again in turn. She felt as if everyone was looking at her, and with her bouncing movements, and her legs writhing together, it was no wonder if they were.

“Then, just piss your pants,” Miyuki said.

“But…, I thought you said I’d have to wear diapers if I do that.”

“Of course you will,” Miyuki confirmed. “But if you can’t help it, and have to pee your pants, you might as well get it over with.”

“No, no, no,” Shiori whispered. “I’ll hold it.”

“Then let’s get in the car, and I’ll look for a place for you to go.”

“Shiori nodded and shuffled, slower and slower, towards the car, quite certain that it was a lost cause, but unwilling to give up because that would mean not only total embarrassment, but also diapers for however long Miyuki would decide for.

“I… I could pull my pants down around back the store and go,” she suddenly decided.

“You would do that?” Miyuki asked in surprise.

“Better than wetting my pants,” Shiori said.

“Better that than living at my house?” Miyuki asked.

“Huh?”

“You heard me. I don’t want an indecent person working for me.”

“But…, I’m not indecent!”

“Then you won’t pee out where anyone might look at you.”

“They won’t. I’ll be behind the store. I don’t think anyone would go back there.”

“Well, someone would, or you wouldn’t have thought of it. And as far as I’m concerned, it’s indecent to pull your pants down outside no matter what, so you can either move out when we get home, or you can hold it.”

“I’ll… I’ll hold it,” Shiori’s shoulders sagged. “But it’s not my fault. Someone stopped up the toilets.”

“Yeah, yeah, I know. I told you that you can pee your pants.”

“Yeah, but then you’ll diaper me,” Shiori said. “Besides, everyone will see me in these wet jeans, and know what I did.”

“Yeah, that’s true,” Miyuki said. “Well, just try to wait as long as you can. I’ll try to find you a bathroom as soon as possible.”

Shiori didn’t know how she managed to get to the car without leaking at all, but she did, and when she sat down, she hoped it would relieve some of the pressure, but instead, it seemed to intensify it as her stomach was folded in on itself now causing pressure to be felt from the outside of her stomach. She unbuttoned her jeans.

Miyuki didn’t seem to notice, or she didn’t say anything about it.

The car was started and Shiori felt her stomach vibrating with the engine of the car. It was like fate was conspiring against her. She really hoped not to have to wear diapers because of leaking into her pants.

In less than five minutes, they were pulling out of the convenience store. Miyuki was keeping her seemingly straight, but from time to time, she looked out the corner of her eye towards the struggling young maid. There was a small smile on her lips, but she was trying to keep it from getting too wide because she didn’t want Shiori to know that she was enjoying this.

Shiori was too entranced in her own problems to notice anything else going on around her, even her mistress’s sly thin smile that was fighting to come out, and her eyes glancing towards her. She swayed both legs together as she tried to hold herself hard. She moaned heavily. Coolness that should have been heated sweat was teasing her hairline and she felt almost sick to her stomach.

“Please! Please! Please don’t let me pee my pants!” she thought over and over as she dug her fingers into the fabric of her pants trying to keep them dry.

“You aren’t going to make it, are you?” Miyuki said which seemed very tantalizing to the young girl. “I mean, I bet you’re already leaking.”

Shiori shook her head no, but she couldn’t utter a word because she was using every bit of effort she had to just keep her piss where it should be stored until the proper time and method of release presented itself.

“I know you are,” Miyuki said. “I don’t see any point in you trying to hold it any more. You’re just going to be uncomfortable until it happens anyway, right?”

“Do you want me too?” Shiori gasped out whispers trying to keep control.

“Not really, but if you do go, I’ll understand. You just can’t hold it anymore, and I don’t really think that’s your fault.”

Shiori had tears in her eyes as her head felt even cooler where she thought it should feel hotter. Her legs were shaking as much from nervousness as from having to go now, and her arms were trembling like a miniature earthquake.

“If you pee you pants,” Miyuki went on. “Since it’s not your fault that that other toilet was clogged, I’ll not put you in a diaper, but in exchange, you have to do something I want from you, and you will not know what that will be until I’m ready to ask. Do we have a deal?”

Shiori was still struggling to hold herself in. She didn’t want to wet her pants even if she was not going to have to wear diapers over it. She was too old for that!

“No?” Miyuki asked. “If not, then you better not wet until we get to a toilet. If you agree now, whether you make it or not, at least, if you don’t make it, you won’t have to wear a diaper.”

Shiori sighed, and then nodded.

“So, do you agree?”

She nodded.

“Good. Now, go ahead and pee your pants. You aren’t going to make it anyway. And later, when I want, you will do what I say.”

Shiori looked up at her. She really didn’t want to wet her pants even if she had made the deal already.

“Now!” Miyuki barked. “Do as your mistress says. Show me you trust my judgment, and that you want to stay at my house, still.”

Shiori looked at her feeling trapped. She thought that Miyuki was being a little strange and unreasonable, but she knew that she couldn’t argue with her about it because that would just get her in trouble. She sighed and started to try to pry her legs apart.

Her body didn’t want to relax, and her legs wanted to stay melted together, but she knew that she could not disobey her mistress.

“I’m trying,” she whispered as she tried to force her legs apart. 

A future collection of hurriedly written stories

By Ranpalan

*000*2013-07-05 14:45

Rainyday suggested that if anyone wants to learn to write, thon should write a little bit every day; around 750 words. I'm going to try following that advice. I don't have easy computer access daily so don't expect updates that often, but I do intend something semi-regular (and y'all should call me out on it if I don't deliver).

Without further ado, the first piece.

The map was a simple one. Forest in the north, some hills to the south-west, water in south-east. British defensive position on the hills, an army of the Holy Roman Empire approaching through the forest. Quite a significant force, at that: around twenty groups of foot soldiers, including archers, and three catapults following behind. The British only had six groups of archers left, complemented by one cannon and two squads of cavalry. Reinforcements would arrive in four hours: eight groups of footmen and a hero. Enough to wipe the floor with the invaders, unless those got the hill position before that.

Usually, Kate wouldn't mind a map like this: a simple matter of standing your ground, fixing your holes before the enemy can exploit them, and occasionally gambling on whatever holes the enemy may leave. The weather conditions were in her favour, the enemy looked green enough to not worry about any tricky business, but this still wasn't enough to calm her down.

Kate had to pee. Not badly; she'd have been fine with a quick cavalry battle, or maybe even with an urban skirmish, though she always hated those. A siege would let her issue the orders and take a little break before the enemy got there. Now, though, she'd definitely not have a chance to get a break until after the battle; real time until reinforcements was one hour, but then there'd be another half hour of fighting to finish off the enemy. By then, it'd be bad.

For a moment, she pondered whether taking a few extra risks could be enough to make the enemy resign and cut the battle an hour short, but that wasn't going to be work. Too much of a different in army size; a single cavalry charge couldn't eliminate anything important, and after that she'd be left too vulnerable to flanking.

Though the battle was definitely going on in a game, the developments in speech and body movement recognition had lead to the terminal looking a good deal more impressive than both the early arcade boxes and the later PCs. She was standing on a platform above and slightly behind the game board itself. Her opponent was about a dozen metres in front of her, with a sound barrier preventing each side from hearing the other. She could see him, focused on the game, getting his troops into position.

In hindsight, there was absolutely no reason to accept the challenge before going to the bathroom. Her honour was not at risk; she was higher rank, she could have appointed a later time, or insisted on choosing a map that would have suited her situation, and in any other case, she probably would have. Not here, though. She'd hoped to get a chance to battle for a while, and agreed before properly considering the terms, as well as the tea she had been drinking to save her throat from certain death.

Had been, and still was, for that matter: the battle had progressed to be a highly inconvenient positional war, the line of troops shifting around, one side trying to lure the other a little too far, the other trying to find a good invasion point. Kate was, without thinking, performing much the same movements with her hips, her legs pressed tight, bending over the railing a little to better see the battle.

At her level of play, estimating how much time things would last was second nature. She knew her formation would last another twenty minutes. She knew the reinforcements would take another ten. She soon realised her bladder was something she'd have to get to know better, but guessed it could last fifteen.

Another advancement by the enemy, another rearrangement to prevent a breakthrough near the second tower, a quick crossing of legs to prevent a rather more personal breakthrough. By all rights, she couldn't spare a hand right now, but she went ahead and gave her crotch a squeeze anyway. For a moment, it helped; then, noticing her opponent looking at her strangely, Kate blushed and tried to focus on the battle again.

The enemy's charge didn't turn around quite on time, ended up too close to the walls, and a well-timed volley definitively pushed the battle in her favour. This was the moment for which she played, and her body didn't disappoint: a crazy surge of adrenaline, a sudden clarity of mind allowing her to get her cavalry just right, a lucky cannonshot...

... and, with her attention elsewhere, her bladder giving way, unnoticed in the fray of battle by all but her opponent.

*002*2013-07-07 12:39

... The first drops were escaping already, her bladder giving way to the overwhelming pressure...

The day hadn't started out all that bad. A quick shower, toast and coffee for breakfast, and then Nora was on her bike, on the way to the forest. The hour was still early, the sun barely over the horizon, and the wind chilly in her face. The paths didn't seem to be frozen over any more, though there was still some snow to be seen amongst the bushes.

... A brief leak, then another, the pressure of her hand not helping much at all any more...

She had all the time in the world to herself today. After the argument she had had with her friend on the day before, any plans went down the drain, and she knew that sitting around at home would only serve to make her more miserable. The forest offered no less solitude when it came to humans, but it was full of other life, while the cold and distance made it feel far more real. Reality as it was, not filtered to a stream of unicode characters mixed with 1080p video.

... Her breathing was heavier now. She still wanted to contain at least some of it, never mind that her jeans were obviously wet, and her stream now coming out strong...

Had Nina been less busy with her thoughts about the argument, she'd realise that a long trip was out of the question that day. Two cups of coffee to wake up, and then a glass of water with the paracetamol to get rid of her headache, and then the cold to top it off -- she could hardly hope to last more than an hour before the trip became thoroughly uncomfortable. Foresight wasn't her strong point; nor bladder control, for that matter, which at times made for a thoroughly embarassing combination.

... She could feel her socks getting wet, her breathing calming down. She leaned on the wall, the stream now continuing uncontrolled...

Home must have been three quarters of an hour away by the time Nina finally acknowledged the fact she'd have to get back eventually. A few wishful glances at the bushes later, she was already heading back. If it was summer, she'd have popped a squat right away, she told herself, but the lack of leaves and the cold weather made the prospect highly unattractive. Besides, she was sure she could hold it. She always was.

... "Nina, what happened?" came a voice, pulling her out of the thoughts. Most of it was out already, she could have stopped now, but why?..

Though the fullness was nothing like pleasant, it was at least a distraction from the rest of her thoughts. On the outskirts of town, she considered finding a tree to water after all, but that was hardly justified: it was only five more minutes, and then she'd be fine. Her bladder, feeling release approaching, was already getting ready to give up, but she wasn't willing to let it have its way just yet. Five more minutes, one flight of stairs, and then it'd be fine.

... She gave a short whimper and moved past the older girl, not answering, tears at her eyes. What point was there now? She was the emptiest she'd felt in days...

Pulling her shoes off was usually the hard part. Just the thought that she could pee in less than a minute was enough to make her lose most of what little remained of her control. Not that long ago, the stairs would get out the first few drops, but she had worked hard to break that habit: now, with her bladder at her limit, she had to use all her power to clench shut, run up, and then relax as she pushed the bathroom door. Locked, and with her control slipping...

... When Nina got out of the shower, she found the puddle cleaned up and some clean clothes waiting for her. It wasn't the first time, after all.

*003*2013-07-08 17:22

A quick attempt at writing dialogue, which is bound to fail.

The office had the usual uncanny warmness of rooms designed to make people feel comfortable. Perhaps the decor really did achieve that goal, but Nicky found it to remind her too much of meetings with the psychologist to inspire any kind of positive emotions. On the other hand, it was exactly such a meeting that she had come to, and so even if the decor had been different, she would probably have had exactly the same expectations.

Miss Drens was already waiting for her behind the table, cup of coffee in hand. She was smiling somewhat apologetically, as always, and asked the question that had become a bit of a codeword for them, "Trouble again?"

Nicky had been seeing Miss Drens for several years now. Not of her own accord -- she was sure she was quite sane, as was Miss Drens, but her parents tended to be a slight bit overprotective, and whenever anything happened that they didn't expect, they would send her off for a "chat with the doc". The exact stories never reached them, but the fact a certified professional claimed everything was okay was enough for them to relax and feel like they've done their Parental Duty, and were thus clearly Good Parents. Nicky was initially rather bothered about being forced to talk about embarrassing experiences, but it was worth it; at least she ended up not getting in trouble for most of what happened.

"I pissed myself," she admitted, her cheeks going bright red. She paused, getting together the courage to admit her stupidity. The expectant look she was getting wasn't helping, but she'd had to talk about worse things. "I was at a party, had, like, a few beers... There was, well, a guy--"

She drew breath, thinking of the guy's expression when he saw her wet pants. He didn't even seem all that put off by it. He looked more surprised than disgusted, in any case.

She pulled her thoughts back together and continued, "We talked for, like, a while, and he offered to walk me home... So shy, it was adorable. Anyway, we were already outside when he asked, and I, well, obviously, accepted, so we were off. And then about two blocks down I realise I had went once that night, and ever since then, I had been talking to him.

"So, anyway, he takes me to the Juliana park and we find a bench to, uhm, talk. He's really nice, but then while we ki-- but then I realise that if I don't pop a squat now, I'm going to, like, soak his lap or something..."

Nicky paused, realising what she had just said, but Miss Drens didn't seem to mind. There wasn't that much of an age difference between them: ten years, if that, and judging by how understanding her gaze was, she had had her fair share of violent snogging on public benches. She sipped her coffee to hide the smile and said, as seriously as she could, "Go on."

"So, I whisper to him that I'm going to spend a penny in those bushes, and he was cool with it, even offered some tissues... And everything's great, I start walking -- and by now I'm seriously bursting, but that's fine, the bush is right there -- so I step in, trip, fall flat on my face and completely soak my pants."

She said the last line as casually as possible, though she could feel her voice give way to her embarrassment on the last three words. She knew what question would be coming, but didn't feel like bringing it up herself. Miss Drens knew what was important.

"Was the guy nice about it?" it came, even phrased as she had expected. Nicky nodded quickly, forcing a smile: the guy had been quite the gentleman, even walked her the rest of the way home. He didn't ask for her number, but in the days of Facebook that was probably unnecessary.

An awkward silence hung. They still had forty five minutes, during which they'd have to make sure Nicky was, in fact, still healthy and sane. Miss Derby walked over to her bookcase in hopes of finding something relevant to do, but then chuckled, turned around, and said "Well, just to make sure you don't get any kind of trauma over this, let me tell you about how much worse it could have been."

*004*2014-09-03 23:56

The first stall is taken, but the second is free. Jessica pushes the door open with her weight, her hands struggling with her belt and zipper. Despite the apparent urgency, she spends a precious second to close and lock the door, before pulling down her jeans and sitting. The moment her thighs touch the seat she lets go, sighing a little, not having leaked a drop in her panties.

This wouldn't do. This wouldn't do at all. I rewind the world the slightest bit, wondering how to fix it. The images move backwards, skipping a few seconds at a time: here she is locking the door, struggling with her belt, running through the bathroom...

I stop when she is back with her friends, about to excuse herself. They're at a bar, sitting around a table, empty glasses in front of them. Another girl is considering to go at the same time; the slightest push sets the events in motion.

"Bee-arr-bee," Sarah sings, "Sorry, this stuff goes right through me."

She's cute, and playing up that cuteness. Dirty blonde hair, green dress, over the top body language. She doesn't really have to go that bad, but she acts it out anyway, shifting her hips around a little while she gives others a chance to come along.

Jessica is the opposite, in many senses. She has to go a good deal worse, and has had to for a while, but she didn't want to be the one to say it. Brown hair, jeans and tank top, a smidgen distant. She hasn't been following the conversation much, mostly looking for a good chance to go. It wouldn't get better than now.

"Yes!" she exclaims, stepping forward. Then explains, more shyly, "I mean, me too."

Nobody else joins them and Jessica lets Sarah lead the way. She's not particularly eager for the other girl to notice her blush, or her rather apparent desperation, but she quickly regrets that decision when Sarah takes the only free stall. Out of sight, Jessica gives her crotch a much-needed squeeze.

She's pacing, doing her best not to listen to the two loud streams. She keeps her hand pressed tightly between her legs until one finally stops, and having pulled it out she wastes no time in undoing her belt. She grabs herself again when the toilet flushes, then undoes her zipper, hopping from one foot to the other. Anticipation, the most dangerous part of waiting.

The stall door opens soon enough, and Jessica rushes in. She doesn't bother with the lock until her pants are down, her foot keeping the door shut. She has less time to spare than the last time around, and she's not quite sitting when she lets loose, but her panties are still dry.

I pause before she even has time to empty. If I want to, I can keep the stalls occupied for longer, have her wait for her turn until she can't any longer, but that would hardly be interesting. I need to go further back.

The images flash by again. A particularly good one of Jessica comes up, the girl hunched over and trying to undo her belt. I save it, then go further. Here she is, talking to the girls, refusing to dance, drinking her mixed drink...

Those last two could be useful. I pause when the barman gives her her drink. It isn't anything strong -- or wasn't, at least, before my tampering.

She hasn't had it before, and so can't tell it's not right. After a few larger sips she slows down, but doesn't dare to complain about the strength. The others are drinking it just fine, and they'd said it was supposedly fairly weak. Besides, she likes the taste; also my work.

"Jess, since when do you chug your breezers?" asks Sarah, prompting a laugh from the group.

Jessica looks at her glass with some surprise, not having noticed when she finished her drink. The lightness in her head isn't helping, but she doesn't want to worry right now. Instead, she says, "It's good. Anyone getting more?"

They get more, and she doesn't notice that this glass is weaker, or that it's less good. She joins the others in dancing, too busy eyeing the boys and enjoying being relaxed to notice her bladder slowly filling. Speaking of boys, there seems to be one at whom she is looking particularly often -- a quick search finds his name and information. Josh, 19, chemistry. Not a bad match, but both are too shy to make an approach.

Sarah starts showing off again, distracting Jessica from her little crush. She drank a glass more in this timeline than she had in the previous, and is already feeling the effects, displaying them to the rest. Her dancing starts to look more like a potty dance, hips swaying, thighs tensing a little. The other girls laugh, then join in.

It's more than enough for Jessica to notice her own need. She participates, shifting around to the tune, even letting her hand stroke her thighs and stomach, which earns her some laughs from the others. She wants to show off some more, especially noticing that Josh is chancing her glances, but her bladder is getting the better of her. Her movements are becoming more a matter of holding on than of dancing, and when the music starts to slow down, she can't make herself squirm around any less frantically to match.

"Need a wee!" Jessica blurts, her inebriated mind considering it a good enough explanation. The others laugh as she makes her way away, though Sarah and two others follow.

Once she's at the bathrooms, the situation is much the same as it was in the previous timeline. She needs to go worse than then, her belt already undone when she steps inside the bathroom, and her zipper following soon after. Had she not had the extra alcohol, she would have been more discreet in the presence of Sarah, but she doesn't care right now. Doesn't care about much at all, in fact, both her hands buried in her crotch, her knees rubbing against each other, her body bent over.

"Jess? You okay?" Sarah asks from behind her.

Jessica shakes her head, then bends over a little further when she hears a toilet flush. She can feel wetness down there, and knows that she leaked, if only a little. When the door opens and she rushes in she leaks again, a little more, but manages to regain control before she loses it all. Her jeans already half-down, she now pulls down her panties and drops to the seat, finally letting it all out. Once the pressure is more tolerable, she locks the door.

I curse under my breath. It's better than all my other attempts in the last few hours, but hardly enough. I need to get more creative. Maybe that guy, Josh...

*006*2014-10-16 19:14

Thanks for the feedback! I'm a bit busy these days but I'll try to find the time to write another one. I am seriously considering making the last one a recurring theme, but I don't really have the inspiration at the moment.

*007*2018-08-19 22:46

(I saw http://fluffy-omorashi.tumblr.com/post/177093841230/tremblingstockings-a-character-that-can-wield

- and thought "Hey, this needs writing.")

{{:

A character that can wield magic has a crush on someone and starts to get jealous when their crush is talking to someone else for a long time.

They decide they’ll speed up the process by making their crush’s bladder full. Despite the consistent pressure they add to their crush their crush doesn’t leave. They wonder if their power is even working and frustratedly give one last bit of pressure.

Suddenly their crush gasps and doubles over, wetting themselves full force, blushing and trembling. The person who wields magic is worried and tries to stop it but it’s no use as their crush becomes soaked.

They feel very guilty, but this gives them an opportunity to help their crush afterwards and actually talk to them.

}}

This happened to me, more or less. The "feel very guilty" part is spot.

There was a girl, Tara, who I was absolutely head-over-heels in love with. I knew she was way out of my league, but I couldn't help myself: she was funny, cute, shy, and was one of the few people who really got my jokes. Whenever we talked, I felt like we shared a connection, and I wished there was a non-creepy way of telling her just how much she meant to me. We were friends, of a sort, and I was scared she'd ostracise me from our little gang if I talked to her about it. (EDIT: Please don't send me messages that I was right or wrong; this isn't the forum to talk about these things. I'm a lot older now and she's married, so "just tell her!" isn't very useful advice.)

I know, this doesn't match the post. Tara and I saw each other often: we had another two friends, Tom and Mike, who we often played board games with. We definitely talked, sometimes even one-on-one over chat, though she always seemed a little reluctant to meet with me one-on-one in real life. She was definitely fine with the four of us together. In fact, we were hanging out at Tom's house and playing boardgames when all this happened.

That day we were playing Magic, and we were three games and five beers in. The third game had been close, and we were now having the usual post game "what-if" banter. Mike was defeated fairly early into the game and I managed to take the lead, but at the end Tara managed a beautiful combo that took out both me and Tom in one blow—I won't bore you with the technical details. What's relevant to the story is that Tom could have won, if Tara hadn't drawn just the right cards: he had a good hand, and wanted to show off what he could have done if he'd just have had one more turn. Tara, on the other hand, thought it wouldn't save him, and at best it would have ended with me winning. It was all in good fun, but they were both sure they were right and weren't going to back off.

Maybe it was that Tara never held her pee for me. Okay, that sounds weird. I don't mean in the "ask my permission to go" sense, though she obviously never did that either. Just, whenever we played games, if she said she was going to go and I suggested that she wait until the end of the level, she always just went anyway. And I knew for sure she had to pee now: she complained about it during the game more than once. In hindsight, I should have seen her big sequence coming: she always got really focused on a game if she was about to do something complicated. "I really have to pee, so let's finish this quickly," were her first words on her last turn. Even if she hadn't announced it, I knew the tells: I could see her shifting on her chair, biting her lip, drumming with her fingers. She was bursting to pee, she'd said that she was in a hurry, and now she was talking to Tom.

I panicked. She was doing something for him that she had never done for me, even though I asked for it and he didn't, and I was afraid there was some chemistry forming there. When she made a dick joke about one of his cards, was that just childish humour, or was she flirting? When he pointed out that killing him was a risk and they could have joined up and won together by killing me (house rule), was he suggesting something more? I honestly still don't know, but I decided that it would be better if she went to the bathroom. We weren't likely to play another game, maybe I could talk to her on the walk home...

Being the nerd I am, I'd love to give a detailed explanation of how my powers work, but that's probably not what you're here for. Basically, I can focus on a person and their need to pee will get worse. It often goes in bursts: slowly getting worse at first, and then crossing some threshold and really taking a step up... but I'm going into exactly the details I promised to avoid. I focused on Tara.

Nothing happened. Maybe that shouldn't have surprised me. She was already standing and leaning on the table, her legs crossed and her hips bobbing up and down in an obvious display of desperation. Maybe she took a breath that was a little more pained than it would otherwise be, or maybe it was my imagination. In any case, she kept talking, describing how she'd counter Tom's plan, just as focused on the argument as she had been before my push.

Surely she can't hold it much longer, I thought, and I pushed again. And, well, I was right. She dropped the card she was holding, took a step from the table, grabbed herself with both hands, and started peeing. "Shit, shit, shit," was all she said as skirt, bright green, turned dark between her legs. She looked at me and I stared back, speechless, stared at her face, her crotch, her face again. It felt like it lasted for years, and every second was torture. It wasn't hot. It wasn't sexy. All I felt was disgust—at myself.

"I'm sorry," she said when the stream ended. Her cheeks were wet.

"It, uh, happens. You, uh, want to go shower?" said Tom, and then added to me and Mike, "Guys, let's call it a night?"

We nodded, shuffled out avoiding the puddle. I could hear Tom telling Tara that he would clean it up, that it was really no problem, that his dog had done worse. She apologised, again and again, said she didn't know what happened, said that it was all so sudden. I wanted to admit it all then, but I couldn't, not with Tom there. Mike and I went home.

"You didn't have to do that, you know," he said after we were away from Tom's house.

My heart froze. How did he know? What could I say? Did he know about the other times? Those other girls hadn't wet themselves, or most hadn't, anyway. Did he have proof?

"Do what?" I asked.

"You didn't have to make it worse for her. That look of disgust on your face..." He trailed off, then gave me a sidewards glance and continued, "I mean, man, don't get me wrong, it was weird and gross and I don't know why she didn't, you know, just go. But we're friends. You could have just played it cool, there was no need to get high and mighty about it."

We walked in silence for a bit. Was his version of the events even worse than the truth? I didn't know, and I didn't dare tell him.

"I'm sorry, man," he said when we reached the place where our paths would diverge. "I just know she cares about what you think, and I know you didn't mean to hurt her, but... yeah. See you."

We came together to play more board games two weeks later, but it wasn't the same. I had tried to apologise to Tara over chat, and she told me she didn't think my look was wrong and that I should just forget it. Neither of us could look the other in the eye that evening. Mike looked at me with pity. Only Tom was cheerful, in his usual 'not entirely socially aware' manner. He was really glad to have a girlfriend: after that shower, Tara had stayed the night.

