The Desperate Chinese Office Lady

Author: ILoveOmorashi

*000*2012-06-02 23:06

Xun was looking forward to starting her new job as an “OL” (or “office lady”). She had been constantly looking for work for months after graduating college and she finally landed a position with one of China’s biggest firms. Even though it was an entry-level position, the pay was semi-decent, but the best part was that the work environment was air-conditioned, unlike the past factory job she had.

But during orientation, she found out it wouldn’t all be a breeze.

For their twelve-hour shift, the office ladies would get an hour lunch break halfway into the workday with one ten-minute break in the morning and one ten-minute break in the afternoon. At all other times, they would have to remain at their desks.

They were not even allowed to go to the ladies’ room!

Xun was shocked that a clerical position would have such a strict toilet break policy, but it was explained that in order for the company to be as productive as possible, the office ladies could not be taking at-will breaks and leading to lost money and time.

She briefly considered looking for another job, but since she needed money now, she decided to stick with it and try to endure it after all.

Two days later, Xun showed up for her first day at work at 6 a.m. sharp. She had on the standard company OL uniform: pink skirt, pink vest, white long-sleeved blouse, pantyhose and black pumps. The other office ladies were wearing the same uniform. The office on her floor was one large area with several rows of desks. Aside from the modern office equipment, it didn’t look all that different from the office on that American TV show she liked watching on the Internet (Mad Men).

Xun sat down at her assigned desk and yawned loudly. She decided to avoid drinking any diuretics so it would make it easier to get through the workday, but a few minutes after she started on typing in data on the computer, she became dismayed when she saw a man rolling a tea cart into the office to offer it to all of the OL’s. It would have been disrespectful if she refused a cup of tea, so she had to accept it.

Sure enough, she was soon hit with the need to urinate. Xun looked up at the clock---two more hours to go until the morning ten-minute break. She spent the next hour trying to ignore it and concentrate on her work, but the need grew worse by the minute. She was already discreetly pressing one hand into her crotch off and on as she typed. She also looked around the office and could see several other OL’s fidgeting and squirming in their seats. She thought it was wrong for them to be obliged to drink tea when they weren’t allowed to go to the toilet at will.

The minutes seemed to crawl by extremely slowly and then it was time for their brief morning break, which was signaled by an intercom bell tone. Finally! Xun and the other desperate OL’s walked really fast to the ladies’ room. Her bladder was really starting to scream at her. Unfortunately, a line formed as the ladies’ room only had one toilet. Just when it got to be her turn, the other OL in front of her (her name was Jinglei) and came running out. “The toilet’s broken!” Jinglei exclaimed. “I’m so sorry.” Xun’s heart sank at hearing this and the other remaining OL’s who needed to go moaned in despair. And there wasn’t enough time for them to go upstairs to go pee, either! If any of them were even a minute late in returning, they would be written up and possibly fired. She and the other girls would just have to wait another two hours and fifty minutes until the lunch break.

The intercom bell went off which signaled the end of the break and Xun returned to her desk, dreading the long wait. Another hour passed as Xun struggled to hold on. Her need to pee had gone from bad to very bad. She could barely concentrate on her work and was now periodically pressing both hands into her crotch. She didn’t think she would able to make it until the lunch break.

It’s not like she hadn’t had to hold her pee at work before. But at least at the factory job, time seemed to go by faster and she wasn’t made to drink tea which filled up her bladder.

The only other thing she could think of to do was ask the supervisor if she could go to the toilet, even if she knew it would likely be futile. Not long after this came to mind, she saw him walking down the aisle between the rows of desks, observing their work. She squeezed her thighs tightly together and got ready to ask him once he got close to her desk.

“Um, Mr. Jiang?”

He turned his head, grunting in acknowledgement.

“I know it’s not my break yet, but, um, may I please go to the toilet?” Xun asked. “It’s really an emergency and…”

“No, you may not!” Mr. Jiang snapped. “You know better than to ask when it isn’t your break! You’ll just have to wait until then!!”

“Please, Mr. Jiang!” Xun pleaded. “All I ask is a couple of min…”

“I already said no!” Mr. Jiang told her, still not budging. “If I let you go, then I’ll have to let all the other girls go, and every minute away from your desk while not on break is lost productivity. You only have another and hour and forty minutes to go. It’s not that long!!”

“But I…”

“Ask me again, and you’re fired!!”

With that, he turned around and walked away.

Xun now had no other options except to try and hold it until the lunch break. She soon noticed another OL at a desk near her (a petite bob-haired girl named Wei) who looked like she was about to cry and whose legs were shaking furiously.

Wei turned toward Xun. “I have to pee very badly, Xun!” she whispered. “I don’t think I can wait much longer!”

“Me, too, Wei,” Xun whispered back. “But we can make it to the lunch break. Just try and hold on, okay? Don’t let them win!”

“Hey, no talking!” Mr. Jiang yelled. “You know it’s against office rules!”

Xun somehow managed to last another hour. It was now forty more minutes until the next break. It was impossible for her to sit still and her need to pee was so great that it almost felt like her urethra was on fire.

Suddenly, Wei burst into tears and urine seemed to explode from under her, running off the chair and onto the carpet beneath her.

At the sight of this, Xun herself couldn’t hold it any more. She simply had to go now and she didn’t care what the consequences were. She jumped and ran out of the office, almost slipping on Wei’s expanding puddle (she was still sitting at her desk with her face in her hands and sobbing) and ignoring Mr. Jiang yelling after her. She then ran to the elevator and took it up to the next floor while dancing from foot to foot and holding her crotch with both hands, wishing it would go faster.

She burst out of the elevator and made straight for the ladies’ room on the floor, which she was greatly relieved to find wasn’t occupied. She got to the toilet, but she started peeing even before she could get her panties and pantyhose all the way down. She yanked them off and sat down on the toilet, emptying the rest of her bladder’s volume into the bowl, sighing loudly with relief. She peed for two full minutes, and it was the best pee she could ever remember.

Xun didn’t know if she would have a job or not after this, but she was more concerned at the moment with her wet panties and pantyhose. She figured she could peel them off and throw them away, even if she ran the risk of having other people see her pussy as she sat down.

Hopefully she could get work at the factory again.

