Prisoner

Author: PrinceOfThePee

*000*2013-09-16 08:09

CHAPTER ONE

Will still wasn't sure how he had ended up in this current predicament. No matter how many times he racked his brain, he couldn't figure out how he had gone from walking through the park, to laying on an air matress in a dim room handcuffed to a girl who looked to be around his age. He had no idea who the girl was and no idea where they even were. He just knew that he was cold, nauseous, had a killer headache, and had to pee.

Will shivered and stuck his free hand in his jacket pocket. He decided they must be in a basement of sorts, as cold and dark as it was. Will glanced at the girl laying next to him. She had long, light brown hair, skin that was losing it's summer tan, and smudged makeup around her eyes. She was wearing faded jeans and an unzipped jacket, revealing a plain black tank top underneath. Will reached over and poked her, wondering if she knew anything about what was going on. She didn't even stir. Will sighed and sat up on the table. His head spun horribly when he moved though, so he lay back down, swallowing the bile that rose in his throat.

Time ticked by slowly for Will, feeling so miserable and having no one to talk to. He felt anxious, scared. He chewed his the fingernails on his left hand down to nubs out of nervousness. Will had just bitten off the fingernail on his pinkie when he heard a quiet groan from beside him. He looked over and saw the girl's expression become contorted, as if she was in pain. Moments later she relaxed and opened her eyes. They were hazel, a weird mix of brown and green.

"Uh....what the fuck?" the girl tugged on the handcuffs. "The hell happened? Who are you?"

"Will. I have no idea what happened either."

The girl continued to tug on the cuffs. "This is bullshit! I mean, who handcuffs two people together?? Is this your some idea of a sick joke?!" She glared at Will.

"I didn't do anything!" WIll said defensively. "Calm your tits."

"Excuse me?"

"Forget it. Just help me find a way out of here." Will tried sitting up again, with more success. "There's gotta be a way out."

"Is there?" Will and the girl jumped. The voice was disembodied. Will assumed it was coming from a hidden microphone or something.

"Hey, let us out of here you creep!" the girl yelled in the direction of the ceiling.

Laughter. "You better watch yourself Bree." the voice said. "I can make things very very difficult for you two."

"How the fuck do you know my name?!" Bree demanded.

"I know a lot of things about you. Both of you. And you will do exactly as I say, when I say it, or you will be punished."

Bree was speechless. Will was so focused on trying to get out of the handcuffs that he barely noticed what the voice was saying.

"You know Will, those handcuffs only come off with a key. A key that only I have. And maybe if you behave, I'll give you the key."

"Behave?" Will asked, "How...? And who are you?"

"Who I am is not important. What's more important is whether you are going to obey my orders or not. Now, do you see the pitcher of water and glasses on the table by the staircase?" Will looked around until he spotted it. "The water contains medicine. Medicine that will relieve some of your concussion." Concussion? Well that explained the aching skull and nausea. "Now, get up and go drink it. All of it."

*001*2013-09-20 14:55

CHAPTER TWO

After a few minutes of struggling and then working together, Bree and Will managed to get off the air mattress and make their way to the table with the water on it. The pitcher of clear liquid looked innocent enough to Will; he immediately poured himself a glass.

“Are you crazy?!”

“What?? Mr. McWeirdo here said he'd punish us if we didn't behave.” he sniffed the liquid inside the glass, trying to smell any poison or anything dangerous. He really couldn't smell anything but a slight mineral smell (common in most tap water). Will took a sip of the water (he was pretty thirsty anyway), and had soon drained the glass. Bree just stared at him.

“You're fucking crazy. I'm not drinking that.”

“Oh really?” the voice sounded amused. “Did you not hear me, Bree, when I told you there would be punishments if you didn't behave?”

Bree ignored him. Will was downing another glass of water.

Minutes ticked by as they stood there. Bree stood as still as a statue, but Will was quite fidgety, shuffling his feet and squirming a bit. His bladder, which had already been quite full when he'd woken up, was becoming fuller, probably from the water he'd drunk. His need was becoming a bit urgent, so he started walking around the room trying to find somewhere he could pee, dragging Bree along with him.

“Would you cut it out??” Bree snapped, pulling on her handcuff to stop Will's frantic search around the room. “What are you even doing anyway?”

“Ah...” Will tried to come up with an excuse besides his bladder, “Looking for a way out?”

“There's stairs over there.” Bree pointed.

Maybe if we can get out of here I'll find a bathroom... Will thought as they made their way over to the stairs. Unfortunately, the door at the top of the stairs was locked. Will was beginning to get anxious. He could probably still hold it for a few more hours, but once he got to his limit, what then? If he did miraculously find somewhere to pee, he was still handcuffed to this girl he barely knew. He wasn't sure if he'd be able to pee if she was watching.

After a while of fruitless searching (Bree for a way out, Will for anything he could use to pee into, they went back to the air mattress and sat down on it, causing it to sag.

“Well now what?”

Will just shrugged, trying to ignore his aching bladder.

