Judith Tells All

Author: stinklerus

*000*2012-04-25 19:00

Here is a new story from me. I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it. It is loosley inspired by experiences I have read a $$ about in the past.

Bill was giving Judith a lift back home, as they both lived in the same street and worked for the same large company which had branches all over the country. They had been at a team meeting at a main branch in a town about a few hundred miles away from home. Judith had travelled down by train the previous day, while Bill had arrived there from another town where he had been staying for a few days whilst finishing an installation job. Bill had known Judith ever since she had started work with the company, and often gave her lifts to and from work when he wasn’t away on installation work. They were good friends and workmates, but nothing more. For a start she was much younger than him, in her late 20’s, whereas he was in his forties – and happily married.

Judith was a very happy, cheerful person, and very outgoing. She wasn’t exactly slim, but had an attractive enough figure if you liked women with curves. As far as Bill knew, she didn’t have a steady boyfriend, although rumour in the office had it that she was 2a bit of a goer” and liked the men. Bill admitted to himself sometimes that she was “a bit of alright” and that he would have tried it on with her if he was a bit younger. He was sure some of the younger guys in the branch were jealous of him, as they would have liked the chance to get to know her like he did.

Their company event finished in mid-afternoon, which was good, as it gave them the chance to get on the road before the rush hour traffic became too bad. Bill went to the loo before leaving, and noticed that Judith did as well. It would be at least 4 hour drive before they got home, so they would probably stop somewhere on the way for coffee and another comfort break.

As they got underway and clear of the city traffic they started to chat about various items of company gossip. One thing that intrigued everyone else at the branch was how Judith suddenly seemed to start to get along very well with Mrs. Collins, the branch manageress. Mrs. Collins was in her forties and was not very popular with most of the staff. She could be very demanding of staff and always seemed to be in a grumpy frame of mind. Actually she didn’t bother Bill too much, as he was mainly away from the branch and didn’t see much of her. He was also good at his job and as a result she tended to leave him alone.

He actually felt a bit sorry for her, as he knew that her husband was very arrogant and also very demanding. Bill thought that she probably got a hard time both at work and at home. Secretly he found her rather attractive, as she was always smartly dressed, with smart business suits with tight skirts. She had a good figure for her age and a lovely tight bottom which her clothes tended to show off to perfection. Bill would never admit it to his colleagues, but he would have taken a chance with her if he thought he could get away with it.

As they travelled along, Bill decided to open the subject of Mrs. Collins, but she didn’t really take him up on the subject, other than to say that she didn’t particularly like her any more than anybody else and that she tried to stay out of her way if possible. They then carried on chatting about various bits and pieces and didn’t mention her again.

When they had been on the road a couple of hours, Bill noticed that Judith had gone quiet. There was a service area about 15 minutes away, so he suggested that they should stop for a coffee. They stopped at the services for coffee and both again used the loo. After setting off again Judith seemed more relaxed and said “Oh, that’s better. I was really needing that.” Bill started to say that he liked his coffee too, when Judith replied by saying “No silly! I didn’t mean the coffee, I meant the loo! I was starting to need quite badly.” Bill replied by saying that if he had known that he would have pulled off at an earlier services but she replied that it was OK and that if she had been really desperate she would have asked him to pull over so that she could relieve herself. Then she said something which she obviously didn’t mean to say but which slipped out without her realising it. She said “ After all I wouldn’t want to do Mrs Collins”

Bill looked at her quizzically, but she giggled and said “Oh! I didn’t mean to say that. I’m not supposed to tell anyone.” She then changed the subject and carried on about something else. After about 10 minutes though, she snuggled into her seat and smiled at Bill, before saying “Ok, I can trust you not to tell anyone. You must promise though, because she will know who told you and then I will be in real trouble.” Bill assured her that her secret was safe with him, as the last thing he would want to do was to get her in trouble with her boss.

“Ok then” said Judith. “I’ll tell you what happened, but basically Mrs Collins had an accident.” Bill looked surprised and said that bhe hoped she hadn’t been hurt or had hurt anyone else, to which Judith replied. “No, silly, not that type of accident –she wet herself” Bill looked incredulous. “What,? Mrs. Collins wet herself!”

“Yes replied Judith – completely – knickers, tights, skirt the lot! She was totally embarrassed and made me swear not to tell a soul.” Bill again assured her that he would never tell anyone and she started to tell him what actually happened.

“We had been at another team meeting about an year ago and that time I was travelling with Mrs. Collins. She had been given a hard time during the meeting from the finance director and had to try her best to defend the performance of the branch. She got a bit agitated with him in front of everyone else and some people in the room were surprised at how she spoke to him. When the meeting finished we were heading to the loo before we set off when the assistant director called Mrs. Collins over and took her into a side room. I went to the loo and, when I came out Mrs. Collins was coming out of the room.

She asked if I was ready and when I said I was she said to come on then, we are getting out of here. She was obviously upset and in a bit of a rage, because she stormed out ahead of me, red in the face, without speaking to anyone else. When we got in the car she was still fuming and was driving very aggressively. Once out of the city traffic, however, she seemed to calm down a bit and eventually apologised to me for her behaviour. I told her it was all right and that I had felt sorry for her for the way she was treated at the meeting. She then told me that what had happened in the meeting was nothing to what had taken place with the assistant director. She felt hurt that her efforts weren’t being appreciated and that all the problems the branch had been experiencing were being blamed on her.

After about an hour she became quiet again and seemed to tense up. There was a service area about 20 miles ahead and when she saw the sign she said “Oh good, we’ll pull in there. I’m really needing the loo. I was needing before we left, but after the assistant director had finished with me I wasn’t about to hang around. Oh!, I’m bursting. I hope there isn’t a queue” However, when we were about halfway to the service area all the traffic in our direction suddenly slowed to a complete stop.

“Oh no!” she said “Not now. Please, not a breakdown. I must get to the toilet. I’m desperate!”

By now she was looking flustered and her checks were red and flushed. She was squirming about in her seat, obviously squeezing her thighs together. I tried to reassure her by saying that it was probably just the amount of traffic and that it would soon clear, but then a policeman came walking up through the lines of cars and vehicles, stopping to speak to each driver. Mrs. Collins muttered something about this not looking too good, and when he reached the car he told us that here had been a serious accident ahead and that all traffic was being diverted onto minor roads. It would be a longer journey, but would be quicker than waiting until the accident had been cleared. He then asked where we were going and Mrs. Collins told him, adding that we had been intending to stop at the services. He informed her that we would be diverted off before the services and gave us directions so that we would be heading the way we wanted to go.

When he left the traffic started moving and Mrs. Collins started cursing softly to herself. She was saying “Bloody accident. There will be an accident here in a minute if I don’t find a loo. I’m absolutely desperate.!” About 5 minutes took us onto the diversion and at the roundabout Mrs. Collins was happy to see that very few vehicles seemed to be taking the turning we had been told to take. She explained to me that she would stop as soon as she found a suitable spot. The road was single carriageway in each direction, and twisted along through trees and farmland, with the occasional house set back off the road. By now Mrs Collins was in a really bad way, she was driving with one hand on the wheel and the other permanently pressed into her crotch. Her skirt had ridden up her thighs so far that the thicker part of her tights was in view. There were beads of sweat on her forehead, and she was breathing in short gasps.

She kept muttering to herself “Oh shit! Oh shit! I’m nearly going in my knickers. Please let there be somewhere to stop. Anywhere will do! Just somewhere I can get my knickers down before it’s too late! I don’t even care if any one sees me – they’ll probably never see me again anyway! I’ve just got to pee-Now!”

I was starting to become embarrassed for her, as she was obviously well out of her comfort zone. I kept looking ahead to see if there was a layby or somewhere to stop so that I could warn her about it, but for a while the road just carried on without any openings of any kind. At one time I thought she had lost it, as she stopped fidgeting and froze in her seat.

After few seconds though she regained some of her composure and pulled up the front of her skirt to allow herself to hold herself directly through her knickers and tights. I was quite surprised actually as she was wearing quite trendy looking knickers. I expected her to be wearing old granny jobs. This went on for another few minutes before she said “Oh Judith. What am I going to do? I don’t think I can hold it any longer. I’m about to wet myself. I’m so desperate!” I tried to encourage her to hold on, telling her that there was bound to be a layby or something soon, but she was now in such distress that she was almost sobbing to herself and I was worried that she might just give up and go in her knickers right there in the car.

Then I spotted it. A field gate just ahead. There was a gap in the hedge and a clear opening into the adjacent field. I told her about it and she slowed down before turning into the opening and skidding to a stop. Luckily the gate was open or I think she would have run right into it. She undid her seatbelt and got out as quickly as she could, pulling up her skirt as she did so. As soon as she was clear of the car she headed for the back of the hedge but before she reached it she froze in her tracks and jammed both hand firmly between her thighs.

I though again that she had maybe been too late, but somehow she had managed to hold on. She set of again towards the hedge, but this time she was walking by only moving her legs from the knees down. Her thighs were squeezed together and she was holding herself for dear life. Just before she was completely out of sight of the road she froze again, but this time she spread her legs apart and looked down between her feet. She then let go of her crotch and gathered her skirt around her waist just as a torrent of pee cascaded onto the ground between her feet. She stood for a moment like this before eventually squatting down to finish her pee, still with her knickers and tights on. Her tights were all streaked with pee down the legs and her knickers must have been soaking.

When she had finished she hobbled over to a thick part of the hedge- probably the part she had been heading for originally – before squatting again to remove her soggy underwear. She wiped herself dry the best she could with the dry parts of her tights before discarding them in the hedge. She then pulled her skirt back down and came back to the car looking very sheepish. She was full of apologies and obviously very embarrassed. I tried to tell her it was ok, and that anyone can have an accident. To help make her feel better I said the I was really needing to go to and I got out and went to the same thick part of the hedge and squatted for a quick pee too. I hadn’t been needing to badly but did manage to leave a small puddle although it was nothing like the size of the one Mrs Collins had left. The poor woman must have peed gallons! The ground was soaked all around where she had been standing and I could se the pee dripping off the gusset of her knickers in the base of the hedge.

I went back to the car and we set off again. I promised not to tell anyone and she told me how grateful she was that it was me in the car with her and not some of the other staff. And so that’s it. Maybe that will help you to understand why I get treated slightly better by Mrs. Collins than most people.”

By now Bill and Judith were almost home. As he dropped Judith off she gave him a peck on the check and said good night. Then he started wondering. Was she a pee enthusiast? Did she suspect he was? Was she trying to get him worked up? Did she fancy him? One thing for sure was that he would look at Mrs Collins in a different light from now on, and also his would wonder why he was so stiff when they went to bed that night.

*002*2012-04-26 19:30

Thanks for the positive comments. I have already posted some of my earlier stories recenly, but I also have some others in draft form which I hope to post soon. I get my inspiration in various ways, either from real life situations involving women that meet my criteria but where no desperation or wetting was involved. I find that by using my imagination to alter the circumstances I can produce a desperation and wetting story quite easily. I also take inspiration from reports of real experiences, either as reported by the person involved or a witness. I try to incorporate some of the language and actions from these reports into my stories. Unfortunately I don't have much of a personal catalogue of experiences to fall back on, but I keep my eyes and ears open, always hoping to witness something exciting.

