An Unplanned Inconvenience -- A Kill La Kill Story Staring Ragyo Kiryuin

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2023-07-08 02:15

Another story! This one stars Ragyo Kiryuin, the villain of Kill La Kill. This one's a rewriting of the scene where she's revealed, but instead of it going the way it does in the anime proper, Ragyo didn't get to visit the little evil mastermind's room before the fight! It ends with a very public and embarrassing accident, with some humiliation, so if you're not into that, maybe give this one a skip. Otherwise, I hope you enjoy!

An Unplanned Inconvenience

Ragyo laid back in her chair, smiling as she sipped on a cup of tea. Today was a grand day for her, and she could hardly contain her twisted excitement. A wicked smile spread across her face as she watched her minions, mindless life-fiber soldiers, making preparations for today’s invasion.

Today, Honnoji Academy would be holding the Great Culture and Sports Festival, and at the ceremony, she would take control of the inhabitants of Honno city. Her daughter would help her usher in an era of Life Fiber supremacy, and she would be rewarded by the Life Fibers for carrying out their will with unlimited power and an eternal rule.

She was so excited she managed to polish off her first cup of tea, and she clapped her hands.Her assistant stepped forwards to refill her cup, and Ragyo leaned back. She closed her eyes and took in the pleasant scent of the tea. She understood why Satsuki had such a fondness for the stuff.

For now, though, she was overseeing the shipment and distribution of her life fiber clothing. Honnoji Academy would be a testing ground for the concept, to coat all of humanity in life fibers and cocoon them so that the life fibers could use their energy and essence as power. It was a beautiful plan, and one she hoped would go over well.

Ragyo took another large sip and continued to watch in the shadows as preparations were under way. She watched as each of the inhabitants of Honno city were given the mandatory formal suits, each ingrained with Life Fibers. She laughed to herself as she continued to drink her tea, polishing off yet another cup. As she stood up, however, she suddenly noticed a pang from her bladder. She had to pee. It was an inconvenience she was not prepared for, and she didn’t want to miss the final steps of her plan all falling into place. She had a bit of time before she needed to make her grand entrance anyway, so she instead crossed her legs and tried to push the feeling to the back of her mind.

It was easy at first for her to ignore her needs, but as she continued to supervise the plans for the invasion, her bladder kept sending her nagging signals that she should relieve herself. Her body also begged her to stop drinking tea. With each sip her bladder spasmed and she pressed her thighs together, frowning in irritation. Humans were such vile creatures, having to deal with such things as needing to pee. It was one of the many reasons she joined forces with the Life Fibers.

Before she knew it, she had polished off the entire pot of tea, and she was starting to squirm around more in her chair. The last of the Life Fiber’s preparations were in place, and it was getting closer to the time she needed to make her appearance at the arena. She stood up, intent on taking care of her filling bladder. It would not do for her to have to hold it throughout the invasion. As she stood, however, she got caught by the unexpected pressure, and she felt herself double forwards. She danced in place slightly as a hand moved to her abdomen, and she could feel the telltale signs of her bladder bulging outwards.

Not only had she drank a lot of tea, but she also couldn’t remember the last time she went to the bathroom. When she woke up this morning, she was so excited about the impending invasion that she couldn’t recall relieving herself. Instead she had sprung out of bed eagerly and came immediately down to her secret lair to ensure everything was working and in place.

“I better take care of this now before I have to make my grand entrance,” she spoke to no one in particular.

Before she could shuffle off to the bathroom, however, Nui arrived, bowing before her.

“Nui, what are you doing here?” Ragyo asked, incredulously, “You’re supposed to be at the arena, overseeing the final preparations!”

“Forgive me, mistress Ragyo, but I caught wind of the Nudist Beach making preparations to counter our invasion. I suggest we accelerate the plans before they can make their move.”

Ragyo looked at the monitor, and saw that the preparations were almost complete. If she left immediately, they could start the plans now. Of course, that meant she wouldn’t get the chance to relieve herself first.

She gauged her bladder’s fullness and weighed her options before finally nodding, “Very well. Contact Satsuki and the Student Council, I want them ready immediately. We’re going ahead with the ceremony.”

“Very well, this is going to be fun!” Nui smiled, dancing as she slipped off.

Ragyo walked calmly down the halls, ignoring the nagging from her full bladder. She glanced at the bathroom door as she walked past, briefly wondering if she could slip in quickly and relieve herself, but she had to get going now if she wanted to show up at the arena on time. She cursed the bastards of the Nudist Beach, always trying to undermine her plans. If it weren’t for them, relieving herself wasn’t an issue.

As Ragyo walked, she felt a wave of pressure wash over her, and she staggered slightly, having to clamp her thighs together. She grit her teeth. She hoped the invasion would go smoothly. She wasn’t worried, but it would be quite irritating if she had to fight in this state.

Ragyo made her way to an elevator that would take her all the way up to the arena, and stepped in. It wasn’t a long ride, but the sensation of moving and the occasional jostling didn’t help her bladder. Shaking her head, she tried to get her mind off of her annoying bodily needs and pulled up a screen so she could watch the arena. Satsuki was giving a speech of introduction, and as soon as she was done it would be Ragyo’s turn to arrive.

After quite some time, the elevator reached the top, and Ragyo allowed herself one private shuffle to quell her full bladder before stepping out into the center of the arena. As planned, her radiance shown like a brilliant rainbow over the entire arena, and everyone fell silent. She started walking towards Satsuki and the student council. She tried to maintain her composure as she took each step, but the fact that she hadn’t been able to pee beforehand was making it hard for her to do so. She wanted to press her thighs together and shuffle in place as she came to stop by the platform, but she could not afford to do so in front of so many others, especially not in her moment of triumph.

“Ladies and gentlemen, I pose a question to you? What is the world? The world is clothing!” Ragyo began her speech, “Life Fibers are the ruler of this world, and I, Ragyo Kiyurin, carry out their will! Honnoji Academy was created with this purpose!”

Ragyo was hit with another wave of desperation, and she shifted slightly, making it look like she was just turning to look at the rest of the audience. She grit her teeth, cursing her full bladder as she continued.

“The weak will serve as the foundation for what is to come! You should consider it an honor! Now, let the celebration begin!”

Ragyo pressed the ornate red button on the pedestal in front of her, and soon the entire stadium’s inhabitants were engulfed by the Life Fiber suits they had been given. She looked out across the stadium and laughed, smiling. Hopefully things would go smoothly, and she would be able to head off to the bathroom as soon as it was all over.

Of course that was wishful thinking. Just when she was taking in the silence and basking in the success of her experiment, a loud thud sounded, and a brat with red and black hair appeared before her.

Ryuko Matoi. She had heard much about her from Satsuki. She wanted to see what she was capable of. If her suspicions of Ryuko were true, then she could become a valuable asset to her. She stepped forwards, interested, but then frowned. She felt another wave from her bladder. Fighting in this state would be a pain.

She glanced back, wondering if she could ask Satsuki to deal with it so she could finally call this off and pee, but just as she did so, she noticed Satsuki stepping towards her with her blade. If she hadn’t looked back at that moment, she would’ve been stabbed in the back, but she managed to side-step it, grabbing Satsuki’s arm and glaring at her.

“What do you think you’re doing, aiming a blade at your own mother!?” Ragyo asked, rage clear on her face.

Satsuki seemed to be caught off-guard, having expected to land the blow while Ragyo’s guard was down. Instead, she stepped back, joining the rest of her student council as they moved to confront her.

“I, Satsuki Kiryuin, am rebelling against you!”

“You wish to take my empire from me? To dethrone me?”

“No. Humans are not meant to serve clothing! I intend to destroy Life Fibers! I have turned Honnoji Academy into a fortress to rebel against you and your empire!”

With her bold declaration, the screen of the arena changed to show that some of Satsuki’s other lackeys had infiltrated her own mansion and had disabled the Original Life Fiber. Not only that, but Inumuta had activated some sort of device, and needles shot into the cocoons of life fibers that had enslaved the audience. Suddenly, they were all free. Gamagori and his disciplinary committee had captured her assistant, and the rest of the students were putting up a resistance too.

Ragyo was furious. Everything was falling apart, and worse still, she still had to pee like crazy. A prolonged fight would be bad. Luckily, Ryuko seemed to be stunned into silence by Satsuki’s sudden declaration, and because Satsuki’s sneak attack had failed, Ragyo was able to rush up to her.

“If you no longer wish to serve me, then I strip you of your rank as Student Council President, and of your uniform.”

Satsuki’s eyes widened in alarm as Ragyo absorbed the life fibers that made up Junketsu and watched in horror as they formed around her. Ragyo activated the Kamui and she transformed, her outfit being replaced by the revealing form of Junketsu. Ragyo winced when she felt the cold air on her exposed skin, and she could tell her bladder was starting to bulge out. She had to finish this quickly.

“You should know, Junketsu, like all life fibers, is loyal to me. A fool like you cannot wield him properly!”

Ragyo moved to attack Satsuki, but then Ryuko quickly transformed and dove in the way. Ragyo cursed, feeling her bladder spasm again. She didn’t have time for a prolonged fight. She attacked Ryuko directly, but she caught sight of a blade swinging at her from the side. Satsuki had been stripped of her uniform, but even in her underwear she was choosing to fight with her blade too. Ragyo grit her teeth, but then Nui appeared before her.

“Mistress Ragyo, the smallfry have been taken care of!”

Nui pointed at a large pile of Satsuki’s rank and file, beaten and battered on the floor. So much for a resistance. That just left Ryuko, Satsuki, and the Student Council.

“Which one should I take, Ragyo?”

“Deal with my fool of a daughter. I want to finish this quickly,” Ragyo replied.

“Aw, I wanted to play with her more,” Nui smiled, pointing at Ryuko.

“Do not argue with me, Nui,” Ragyo frowned. Her bladder was only growing more and more full, no thanks to the tea she drank earlier, and the fact that her short speech had turned into a drawn-out affair had really gotten on her nerves.

“Fine, fine,” Nui sighed, turning around to fight Satsuki. The rest of the Student Council stepped in, but Ragyo didn’t have time to pay attention to that fight. She whirled around just in time to block a blow from Ryuko, and the shocks went straight through her bladder.

She buckled her knees a little as she tried to fight off the wave, even as Ryuko whirled back for another blow. Ragyo didn’t want to block another blow like that, for fear of sending another jolt to her bladder, so she dodged the attack to the side. However, Ryuko followed up with another swing, and Ragyo was forced to jump backwards, impressed by the force at which Ryuko cracked the ground when her blow missed.

Unfortunately jumping back meant she landed on her feet and sent a strong jolt up her legs and straight to her abdomen. She winced and clenched one hand, but she had no privacy with which to hold herself, least of all in the middle of battle.

"Your movements seem off, are you alright, mistress Ragyo?"

Junketsu was looking up at Ragyo, clearly noting something was wrong. There was no way she was going to openly admit that she had to pee to him, though. She shook her head.

“I’m fine, let’s just focus on the battle.”

Ragyo charged forwards, swinging a clawed hand towards Ryuko. Ryuko managed to block it with her blade, but she seemed surprised at how sharp Ragyo’s nails were. Ragyo pushed her back and lunged again, ignoring the nagging from her bladder caused by the movements. She could feel it sloshing around in her abdomen, making her desperation all the worse, but she wouldn’t win if she simply stayed on the defensive.

She used her speed to launch a series of attacks towards Ryuko, all of which were barely parried by her blade. Ryuko was strong, but Ragyo was pushing her back, slowly but surely. Unfortunately, just as Ragyo was getting into the rhythm of attacking, ready to break through Ryuko’s defenses, a particularly strong wave washed over her, and her leg faltered. Ryuko immediately took the opportunity to take a swing, and Ragyo had to frantically dodge to avoid the attack. She lunged back and clamped her thighs together, trying to disguise her desperate squirming as recovering from the battle.

This is bad, I can’t fight with my bladder this full.

Ragyo sighed. She wanted to see what Ryuko was capable of, but she was running out of time. She wouldn’t have anyone to test her out on like this, but enslaving her was the next best thing. As Ryuko lunged towards her, Ragyo stepped back and sent spindles of life fibers up into the air, wrapping around Ryuko’s head and embedding themselves into her brain.

Almost immediately, she stopped obediently, and Ragyo allowed herself a laugh.

“Simple enough. Now, Satsuki, stand down, or I’ll send my new pet at you.”

Satsuki looked over, horrified at seeing Ryuko now under Ragyo’s thrawl. Her eyes widened. The fight would’ve been hard if she had Junketsu, but now that Ragyo had stolen it, she had no hope of fighting against Ryuko with a Kamui.

The rest of Satsuki’s little rebellion jumped in the way, but between Nui and Ryuko, it was hopeless. Satsuki looked around, like she was trying to figure a way out of this, while Ragyo shuffled in place, trying not to make her desperation too obvious.

“Everyone, run!” Satsuki finally said.

“What? No way!”

“We’re not going to leave you behind!”

“We’re fighting with you until the bitter end!”

“Friends don’t turn their backs on each other!”

“If we’re all captured here, there’s no more hope for humanity!” Satsuki insisted, “Don’t worry about me, use your uniforms and run!”

“How bold, and utterly pointless! None of you are getting out of here! Nui, Ryuko, take care of them for me. I have some urgent matters to attend to.”

Ragyo began walking off, eager to get back inside and make a beeline for the bathroom. In the background, she could hear Satsuki and the other student council members fighting uselessly against Nui and Ryuko. She had felt how powerful that girl was. Even with their uniforms, they would not have the power to resist.

Ragyo reached the elevator she had used to take up, and tried not to look antsy as she hurriedly waited for the doors to open. Now that she was no longer center-stage, she allowed herself to squirm more openly and grab herself.

"Mistress Ragyo, could it be that you have to relieve yourself?"

She blushed, completely forgetting about Junketsu. She looked down. She wanted to tell the damned thing to mind his own business, but considering she was wearing him now, she supposed it was kind of his business. He’d be the one getting wet if she couldn’t hold it, after all.

“I’ll be fine, that battle just took longer than I expected,” Ragyo smiled, “But, now that it’s over-”

Just as Ragyo spoke, however, she heard Ryuko yell from behind her. She turned around in surprise, just in time to see the girl shrug off her mental refit and tear the life fibers she wove into her brain out.

“Impossible…” Raygo simply stared.

“Ragyo!” Ryuko yelled, lunging straight for her. Ragyo cursed just as she heard the ding to the elevator behind her. Her relief would have to wait.

She grit her teeth and lunged forwards, meeting Ryuko’s charge with one of her own. She was done playing. She was desperate at this point and she didn’t want to put off using the bathroom any longer. She whirled around and kicked Ryuko to the side, glaring at her and ignoring the painful shock that sent through her bladder.

Ryuko seemed to notice that Ragyo was taking things more seriously, so she swung again, this time with more force. Ragyo decided to dodge instead of blocking the hit, nearly letting out a leak as her feet hit the ground. She barely had time to prepare a counterattack as Ryuko was ready to swing again, but Ragyo was able to parry her blade with her hand and grab her by the arm. She swung Ryuko around and sent her flying off, crashing into the stands nearby.

Ragyo took the time and the distance she put between them looked around desperately for Nui, she wanted to ask her to finish the job before her bladder reached it’s limits. Unfortunately for her, Nui was preoccupied fending off Satsuki, who despite not having Junketsu was still formidable, and the rest of the Student Council. She would have to take care of this herself.

Steeling herself and pressing her thighs together, Ragyo dove at Ryuko, slamming into her and knocking her Scissor Blade out of her hands. Ryuko panicked, lunging for the blade, but was forced out of the way when Ragyo sent a clawed hand at her. Ryuko was barely able to roll out of the way to dodge, but it left Ragyo standing over her, smirking.

“You put up quite the fight, but it’s time I finish this, I think!”

Ragyo reached for the Scissors Blade, picking it up and getting ready to plunge it into Ryuko, but suddenly her bladder spasmed again and she wavered. It was only for a brief moment, but Ryuko took immediate advantage of it. She reeled both her feet back and plunged them into Ragyo’s stomach as she sprang from the ground.

The direct hit to her bladder made her leak, and she gasped desperately, dropping the blade in surprise. She doubled over, trying not to lose control then and there. Unfortunately, Ryuko wasn’t going to give her a chance to recover. Ragyo was forced to lunge backwards as Ryuko grabbed the Scissors Blade and swung it directly at her head. The shock from dodging caused another leak, and Junketsu shuffled uncomfortably on her body.

"Hey, don’t wet yourself while wearing me! I drink blood, not piss!"

“Now’s not the time!” Ragyo glowered back at him briefly before having to dodge backwards as Ryuko sent another swing her way. Ragyo tried to counterattack and take revenge by plunging her clawed hand into Ryuko’s own stomach, but Ryuko managed to block her hand with her blade and the two glared at each other as they clashed.

Neither could get the upper hand, however, so they both got blasted back by the force as the fight continued. Ragyo winced once again. She was finding it hard to move with her full bladder, and she couldn’t stand still for a moment. She blushed as she glanced up at the large screens. The audience had been freed, so they could watch her every desperate squirm as she fought both against Ryuko and her own bladder.

Ryuko was the first to dive back in, swinging her blade at Ragyo, who once again sidestepped. She bit her lip, feeling herself nearly lose her balance as she tried not to leak again. She felt her bladder sloshing around with each step as she dodged and swung, trying to fight back even as her own body was failing her.

“Your movements have gotten slower,” Ryuko taunted, noticing Ragyo was lagging behind.

“You insolent fool!” Ragyo grit her teeth. If she was at full strength, she could easily finish this battle, but like this, she was in serious trouble.

Another strong wave hit her right at that moment, and Ragyo had to fight the urge to jam her hands between her legs. Ryuko took full advantage of this and tried too attack, but Ragyo got in a solid hit, slashing at Ryuko’s arm. She dove back and grasped at her arm as Ragyo winced, leaking once again.

"I told you not to-"

“Shut it, I can’t…”

Ragyo felt another powerful wave hit her, and she hadn’t even recovered from the last one. No longer caring about the monitor, she pressed both hands against her crotch, trying to press them as hard as she could against her aching muscles to keep her flood contained. Unfortunately, she was at her limits. She felt herself let out another leak and doubled over. She frantically looked for some rubble or somewhere to dive behind so she wasn’t in full view of everyone, but it was no use.

In the next instant, Ragyo’s floodgates burst, and she began peeing uncontrollably. The strong stream met little resistance due to her revealing outfit, spraying down her legs and pooling underneath her. Her face burned as she realized her accident was being broadcast across the entire arena, absolutely mortified at the thought of everyone seeing her.

She feebly tried to stop, but she had taxed herself too far, and she could barely slow the flow as she emptied her bladder right out into the stage, in full view of everyone. Her knees buckled as relief washed over her, and for a moment she lost herself in the sensation, allowing herself to let out a moan as she felt her swollen bladder slowly deflate. The pressure slowly subsided, and by the time she was finished, there was a sizable puddle beneath her.

Unfortunately, now that she had finished, the relief was completely replaced with sheer embarrassment, and she looked around. It seemed like the whole stadium had stopped to watch her accident.

"I can’t believe you pissed yourself in me, do you know how disgusting this tastes? You better wash me properly when we get back to the mansion!"

In anger, Junketsu canceled their transformation, and Ragyo was stuck wearing the untransformed Kamui, now a sopping wet school uniform.

Nui glanced over from her battle with Satsuki and the student council, and smirked, saying teasingly, “Oh my, Mistress Ragyo! How embarrassing! If you needed to go, you should’ve told me sooner~”

Ragyo was about to scold her for her teasing, but before she had the chance, Gamagori got a strong hit on her, and she was sent flying. Ragyo was annoyed at the position they were in, but she allowed herself a small smile at Nui’s expense for her teasing.

“Hahaha, did she really just piss herself?” someone in the audience asked.

“What is she, a child?” she heard another scoff.

“That’s what you get for trying to pull one over on us!”

“She really did just wet herself like a child, hahaha!”

“She looks kind of hot though, especially in that school uniform!”

Ragyo looked around at the numerous people in the stadium, all watching her on full display. The screens prominently displayed the aftermath of her accident, and the audience was not letting her live this down. Some were angry, some were laughing, and yet others teased her or yelled in disgust. She could only blush and shrink down in embarrassment, but the worst was yet to come.

“Hahahahahahahahaha!” Ryuko laughed openly, holding her stomach as she hunched over, “I can’t believe you pissed yourself? Is that why you were putting up such a sorry fight?”

Satsuki glared down at her as well, having pushed Nui back, “You always look down on others, but how does it feel to experience that same humiliation. Or do you intend to look down on us with that puddle underneath you?”

Ragyo grit her teeth, but seeing as Nui was being pushed back herself, and that she doubted Junketsu would cooperate with her after she pissed herself wearing him, she figured it was time to retreat. Not only that, but the sheer embarrassment of today was still burning on her face. Mortified, she ran off, Nui following close behind, and she planned to regroup and regain her footing later.

The End

