==>Nepeta: Seek Release

Author: maddjunkie

*000*2012-04-07 17:46

I finally got around to writing another story! I'm not sure how many people will even care about this since I don't think I've seen anyone even mention Homestuck on the site. But I had a lot of fun working on this and I hope anyone who reads it enjoys it too.

###

Her legs were going numb, the strain of being spread on the floor and forced to squat in place was killing her. Her knees were starting to buckle under her weight, her body shaking with both exhaustion and need. Pupil-less eyes glanced around the darkened room nervously, fear und something else filling her stomach with tight coils. The Karkat she’d befriended in the dream bubbles had kept her here, in the memory of the room with her shipping chart for the entire day. Her hands were bound behind her back, the rope crudely attached to the bindings on her ankles and keeping her completely at the mercy of her captor.

“Karkitty purrlease let me go!” Nepeta whined, trying in vain to tug her arms around to her front. Her knees were aching and her bare feet and calves felt like pins and needles were pricking at them constantly. She cast a look to her left, pointedly ignoring the images she had once scrawled along the wall, pleading with Karkat who stood leaning against the wall holding a water bottle. The sight made her bladder flex, reminding her of just how much he’d been piling onto her during the course of the day. At the time it seemed completely reasonable that he hadn’t wanted her to get dehydrated, but now she just felt desperate and wanted to crawl into a litter box and pee all day. He shook the bottle towards her, feigning a confused look,

“Why would I let you go? This is what you wanted, isn’t it? All my attention on you, just like a spoiled little kitten?” Nepeta flushed darkly, swallowing as he took several strides towards her. Nepeta could practically weep, her body shuddering as her bladder twitched, the feeling of all her pee ready to squirt out of her causing her to instinctively try to squeeze her legs together. She groaned, shaking with effort to hold on, clenching herself and shuddering as the urge passed.

Without warning, she felt a hand on her face, and at once knew what was happening. She closed her mouth with enough force to make her jaw hurt, gritting in preparation. Karkat growled, squeezing her cheeks to force her mouth open and turning her head to face him. She squirmed as much as she could to try and keep him from putting the water bottle against her lips, but a quick swat against her ass startled her into opening wide. He tipped the bottle upwards, watching as Nepeta struggled to keep up and swallow fast enough to not suffocate. He pulled away when she managed to down half the bottle in one go, walking to some unseen part of the room as Nepeta coughed, spitting up water and choking.

As her coughing died down she could feel the heat of someone behind her. The hair on the back of her neck pricked up, and she shivered as Karkat placed his hands gently against her breasts. He cupped them, brushing his thumbs against her nipples, making them harden with little effort. His hot breath brushed against her neck and ear as he laughed softly, massaging her chest and tugging on her nipples. She felt her breath hitch in her throat, whining and mewling as one of his hands slide along the curve of her back down the crack of her ass. Nepeta jumped when he slowly spread her cheeks to wiggle one finger in between the sweat dampened area. He managed to get himself in to the knuckle, moving it around as if searching for something, before he started making her bladder throb again. She groaned, grinding her hips into the air. Karkat’s finger digging into her nook was heavenly but she was still desperate to pee, and her body was finding it harder and harder to hold on.

She could feel herself getting wetter, vicious genetic fluid coating her sensitive parts, the feeling of arousal serving to intensify her need to pee. Karkat’s finger thrusting in and out of her was driving her crazy; she couldn’t tell if she wanted to mount him more or give in and take a pee over his hand. A particularly rough twist of her nipple sent shocks through her body, her bladder painfully contracting as if all her water were going to flood out of her at once. She squeaked, jumping and bouncing as much as she could in her position.

“Karkat stop, I’m going to pee!” The words flew out of her mouth in a panic, Nepeta frantically shaking her hips from side to side in a desperate bid to halt the feeling of her pee slipping out of her. Tears burned at the corners of her eyes as she felt the first few drops spill out of her tortured hole, almost certain she would completely lose it in a moment. She was on the very edge of release and at once, his hand dropped to pinch together her lower lips, startling the troll into almost peeing right there. He nipped into her shoulder before pulling away and bringing his mouth right against her ear,

“You’ll hold it until I say you can let go.” She cried out with renewed urgency, shaking her warmth fitfully and unable to keep her body still. As if to distract her, Karkat slipped two fingers into her slick entrance at once, reveling in the gasp she let out. Slowly, deliberately, he moved his fingers in and out of her, feeling her walls tremble around his fingers. If he rubbed his fingers upwards, he could practically feel the steady pulse of her bladder ready to explode and the thought that she was holding on for him was almost absolutely driving him mad.

“Oh..” The soft sound of her voice and the tensing of her body was little preparation for the feeling of several drops of liquid spilling out of her onto his hand. Nepeta could hear the pattering of her spurt against the ground and clenched as hard as she could to hold back longer. She managed to slow the flow to a trickle, the liquid making trails along her thighs before slowly stopping. But now her hips couldn’t stop moving, her body screaming for relief while Karkat pulled out of her backside with a loud sleching sound, and quickly slid his hand towards her pussy, pressing his fingers against her to help her hold back. She sighed, trembling as he massaged her lips.

“Just a little longer. You can do it.” It was hardly reassuring, but hearing the low timbre of his voice and how sure he sounded, Nepeta nodded slowly, eventually managing to get a hold over herself and cease her body’s shaking. Not moving his hand, Karkat let his head rest against her back still rubbing along the outermost part of her lower-lips. He continued pinching and rolling one of her nipples in his other hand, listening to the soft moaning and cat-like whimpers Nepeta let out. Letting one hand trail down to her distended stomach and pressing his fingers into it with increasing hardness, he chuckled against her back when she mewled out in.

When he started rolling her belly in his hand once more, jostling the contents enough for Nepeta herself to hear all the liquid she was holding, she bit into her lip hard enough to draw blood. But then he began to thrust his fingers into her opening again, harder and faster than before with seemingly little regard to her delicate sense of state. She whined in the back of her throat, rapidly approaching orgasm but also aware of the feeling of her pee tittering literally at the brink. Nepeta could feel herself slowly losing control, trails of pee trailing down her legs and short bursts spurting from her onto the floor until finally Karkat managed to twist his fingers in just the right way and bring her completely over the edge.

“Karkat I can’t!” She tossed her head back, face flushing in shame as her pent up pee exploded out of her with enough force to form an arc. Karkat jerked his hand back despite the fact that it was already coated in light green urine, and got up to go watch the spectacle from the front. The light green fluid pooled around her knees, thin trails winding down her thighs, hot enough to cause small amounts of steam to rise from the ground. Nepeta slumped her shoulders, body sagging in relief as she continued to pee. When the stream finally trickled to a few drops, Nepeta lazily looked towards Karkat, who smiled down at her,

“I told you you’d like it.”

