Thieves - Page 2

Author: Anubis

*026*2013-08-03 23:58

{{: 

Anubis, this just keeps getting better and better with each successive installment of your story.

Looks like the tables have been turned on that little devil Jake...

I can't wait to see what happens next !

}}

What did you think of the plot twist involving Jake?

*028*2013-08-04 00:22

{{: 

I like it... he wanted his friends to be slaves, but now it looks as if he's going to end up one too.

It would be even better if he ended up one 'instead', but you are the teller of this tale, not i...

}}

I like the suggestion. It is an idea I might think about. I do already have most of the plot twists planned out though. I've also got plans for a surprise ending to the story.

*030*2013-08-12 01:09

Chapter 7: Escape

Shelly pounded on the door to the bedroom with her left hand. “Jake!”

Natalie’s eyes opened wide when she heard Jake crying out down below. “I thought he got away!”

Shelly turned away from the door and pressed her fingers over the opening of her urethra, with her right hand. “Nat, he must have come back for us!”

“What do you think they’re going to do to him?” Natalie asked.

Shelly turned and looked back at the door, shaking her head. “I don’t know. Nat, we need to get out of here somehow. We need to find Jake and we need to get away.”

Natalie tugged on her handcuffs, pulling the small chains on them tight. “How are we supposed to get out?”

Shelly returned to the bed and sat down beside Natalie, who had both of her legs crossed over each other. “I have an idea, Nat.”

Natalie bit her lower lip as she listened, waiting to hear Shelly’s idea, but Shelly didn’t say. She quickly got up and hurried towards the door. She pressed her back against the wall, in the corner, a couple of feet to the right of the door. She moved her hands away from her crotch and gritted her teeth, relying on nothing but her sphincter to hold in her pee.

A deafening silence fell upon the whole house as Shelly waited for someone to return to the bedroom. She pressed her knees together and the palms of her hands against the wall, feeling the smooth, white paint on her skin. Natalie strained her ears, listening for any sign of someone ascending the stairs outside of their room. She heard nothing.

In the distance, both Shelly and Natalie heard the metal door of the basement open and close. After that, complete silence descended upon the house, once again. Both Natalie and Shelly held completely still, straining to hear something, anything, in the deafening silence.

The silence was broken by a strong wind gust, outside of the house. A tree branch just outside of the window scratched the glass with a loud SCREECH! Both Shelly and Natalie jumped at the sound. Shelly quickly placed one of her hands over her pee hole as she lost control of her bladder for a second. The tips of her fingers became wet from pee, but she managed not to pee on the floor.

The sound of the wind gust was followed by the sounds of soft foot steps making their way up the stairs, just outside of the room. Shelly held her breath and pressed her back against the wall.

The footsteps stopped directly outside of the room and then there was a long, moment of silence. Shelly bit her lower lip and pressed her fingers over the opening of her urethra, firmly, as she waited for something to happen.

Natalie held her own breath as she heard the door to the bedroom unlock, not wanting Shelly’s mysterious plan to be ruined. The door opened and Miss Aalia walked in, alone. She furrowed her brow as she walked into the room. “Where is Shelly?”

Shelly slid out from behind the open door and grabbed Miss Aalia. She wrapped her arms around Miss Aalia’s torso and pinned her arms to her sides.

“What the hell are you trying to do girl?!” Miss Aalia cried. She sank her finger nails into Shelly’s bare thighs.

“Ow!” Shelly cried, just as she was grabbed from behind by Jennifer and Alexis. Shelly lost her tight grip on Miss Aalia’s body and Miss Aalia broke free of Shelly’s grasp.

“Let us go, now!” Shelly cried as Alexis and Jennifer pressed her against the wall.

Miss Aalia snarled at Shelly and grabbed her chin with her right hand. “Well, perhaps I should get my paddle back out again!”

Shelly sighed. “Why are you keeping us here? Why won’t you let us go? Don’t you realize that what you are doing is illegal?”

Miss Aalia nodded and her angry expression was replaced with an evil smile. “I don’t think I’m going to get my paddle. I think I’m going to have you drink a lot more water and maybe something that will replenish your electrolytes, after that. I wouldn’t want you to get sick from too much water.”

Shelly tried to shake her head, but Miss Aalia’s grip on her chin greatly limited her ability to move it. “Please, don’t make me drink all of that stuff. It’s all going to go to my bladder and fill it up.”

Miss Aalia chuckled. “Yes, I know. I’m going to punish you by torturing your bladder. I’ll make sure we get it fuller than it has ever been. You will be tied up, so I will help you hold in the pee when your bladder is bursting. There will be no chance of leaking.”

Shelly tried to shake her head again. “No, please don’t!”

Miss Aalia released her grip on Shelly’s chin and turned, so that she was looking at Natalie. “Alexis, Jennifer, take Shelly to the living room.”

Natalie opened her eyes wide in horror as Shelly was pulled out of the room.

“No!” Shelly cried. “Let me go! Please don’t do this!”

Miss Aalia frowned at Natalie. “How full is your bladder?”

“It’s pretty full, but not too bad,” Natalie replied.

Miss Aalia walked over to the bed and sat down next to Natalie. She placed her right hand over Natalie’s cold, wet panties. “Perhaps I should get you a different pair of panties, so you’re not feeling cold down there. How desperate are you, Natalie?”

Natalie thought about it for a moment and replied, “I am probably at a six out of ten. I’m not desperate yet, but my bladder is feeling uncomfortable.”

Miss Aalia placed her hand over Natalie’s bladder. There was no visible bulge, but she pressed down regardless.

Natalie bit her lower lip and squeezed her legs together. “Please, that really makes me need to pee!”

Miss Aalia chuckled. “How desperate do you become when I press down?”

“Eight out of ten!” Natalie cried.

Miss Aalia pulled her hand away, releasing the pressure on Natalie’s bladder. “I’m going to have you drink quite a bit as well, Natalie. I want both you and Shelly to have very full bladders.”

Natalie’s face became pale when she heard what Miss Aalia was planning. Miss Aalia got up off of the bed, grinning at the sight of Natalie’s fearful reaction. Natalie called out to her, just before she disappeared into the hallway. “Miss Aalia?”

Miss Aalia turned her head back and looked at Natalie. “Yes?”

“Why won’t you let us go? Haven’t we been punished enough?”

Miss Aalia narrowed her eyes. “Girl, you and Shelly are nowhere near through with being punished, especially after plotting an escape!”

“Miss Aalia, I did not know what Shelly was planning!” Natalie cried. “Please, I had nothing to do with it, but if you could just punish me instead of-”

Miss Aalia’s jaw dropped. “What did I just hear? Did you just say you had nothing to do with her plan, but you want to take her place?”

Natalie nodded and waited for Miss Aalia to reply.

Miss Aalia exploded with laughter. “Do you expect me to believe that? You will both be punished, together. I will return with more for you to drink, soon.”

Miss Aalia left the room and Natalie began pounding her feet on the mattress underneath her. She tugged on her handcuffs and cried out after Miss Aalia. “Please, just let us go! Please!”

Natalie received no response. Natalie gave up with tugging on her handcuffs and just listened to the sounds of what was going on in the living room. She could hear the click of cuffs and the sound of Shelly’s cries, down below. After a few minutes, Shelly’s cries became muffled and eventually stopped completely.

About ten minutes after being left alone, Natalie saw Miss Annette enter the room. An evil smile appeared on Miss Annette’s face as her eyes met Natalie’s. “Natalie, you’re going downstairs too!”

“What is happening to Shelly down there?” Natalie asked.

Natalie watched as Miss Annette walked over to the right side of the bed and held up a key in her right hand. “Natalie, I am going to un-cuff you, but I need to know that you’re not going to try to run. Miss Aalia will bring your drinks in a minute.”

“I promise not to run,” Natalie said.

Miss Annette hesitated for a moment, before she reached across Natalie and uncuffed her left wrist. After that, she uncuffed her right wrist and Natalie sat up. Miss Annette opened the top drawer of the dresser that was beside the bed and pulled out a black thong.

“Alright, let’s get those wet panties off of you and get you in something sexier,” Miss Annette said, as she tossed the thong on top of the bed.

Natalie got up, on the side of the bed that was opposite of Miss Annette. She slowly slid her wet panties down and kicked them off on the carpet. She picked up the thong, unsure about what to do with it.

Miss Annette raised her right eyebrow. “All you do is put it on, Natalie.”

Natalie looked at Miss Annette with wide eyes. “I’ve never worn anything like this before. My mother always told me what was okay to buy and that only sluts wore these.”

Miss Annette chuckled. “She’s right, Nat.” Miss Annette winked at Natalie.

Natalie felt the material with her fingers. “But, I’m not…”

Miss Annette laughed. “Oh really? So you didn’t sneak around behind your mother’s back and have a threesome with your friends? So you didn’t tell Shelly that you wanted her to pee on you, either?”

Natalie’s lower jaw dropped. How does she know?

Miss Annette put her hands on her hips. “While you two were alone in here, Jennifer and Alexis were eavesdropping on your conversation. I know all of the secrets that you two shared with each other.”

Natalie felt embarrassed that Miss Annette knew their secrets, but that is when she realized that Miss Annette was on the other side of the bed and there was no one between her and the door. She quickly glanced at the open door and back at the thong in her hands.

“You’re not planning to break your promise, are you Natalie?” Miss Annette asked.

Natalie didn’t say one more word. She threw the thong down and ran for the door.

“Stop!” Miss Annette shouted after her.

Natalie rushed out into the hall, with Miss Annette on her heels. She hurried down the stairs and then she found out what had been done with Shelly. Shelly was lying on her right side, on the floor, with her ankles and wrists tied together. Her thighs were held apart by a one-foot long spreader bar and she had a ball gag in her mouth, with a hole in the front of it.

Shelly was whimpering and Jennifer was on her knees, pressing her fingers over Shelly’s pee hole. Jennifer looked up in surprise when she saw Natalie hurrying down the stairs.

“Stop her, Jennifer!” Miss Annette cried.

Natalie hurried through the living room, towards the hallway that passed the top of the basement stairway. Jennifer got up and joined the chase. Natalie ran into the kitchen and kicked the duffel bags out of her way. She grabbed the doorknob of the back door and tried to open it. It would not turn. The door was locked and there was a keyhole on both ends.

“Why is there a keyhole on both ends?!” Natalie cried.

Natalie turned around and pressed her back against the door. Miss Annette was standing in front of her, with an evil smile on her face. Jennifer was beside her, staring at the floor nervously.

“You don’t want to go out there, Natalie,” Miss Annette said. “It’s cold out there and you will freeze.”

“I don’t care!” Natalie cried. “You can’t keep us here!”

Miss Annette crossed her arms over her chest. “What were you planning to do? Were you going to run to the road and hope that someone driving by would stop and give you a ride to the nearest police station?”

Natalie put both of her hands on top of her head. “I don’t know what I was planning. I thought that maybe I could go find some help.”

Natalie quickly glanced at the pots and pans hanging over the kitchen sink. There was enough space between her and Miss Annette that she could make a run for the sink and use one of them as a weapon. Miss Annette caught on to Natalie’s idea when she saw her glance at the wall above the sink.

Natalie made a dash for it, but Miss Annette rushed in to intercept. Natalie reached up to grab a weapon, but Miss Annette wrapped her arms around Natalie’s waist and pulled her away.

“No!” Natalie cried.

Behind Jennifer, Miss Aalia and Alexis entered the kitchen. Miss Aalia was holding a ten oz. bottle of water in her right hand and a mug in her left. Each of the two drinks had straws sticking out of the top.

“What is going on in here?” Miss Aalia demanded.

Jennifer grabbed Natalie’s legs so she could not kick her feet and Alexis helped Miss Annette by grabbing onto Natalie’s torso. Miss Annette backed away once Alexis and Jennifer had a firm grip on her.

“Your slave was trying to escape,” Miss Annette replied. “Luckily, I had the back door locked.”

“Girls, take her to the living room,” Miss Aalia instructed.

“No, please don’t do this!” Natalie begged.

She was carried to the living room, where Shelly was screaming through her gag. While Alexis and Jennifer were holding onto Natalie, Miss Aalia set the mug down on the black table with the cloth over it.

“Girls, hold her so she does not struggle,” Miss Aalia instructed. “Natalie, you are going to drink the water first. Then, you will drink the Gatorade. Your bladder will get really full, but this time, you won’t be able to wet yourself.”

Natalie was horrified. She realized that her life, as she knew it, was over. She had lost all hope of ever getting away. There was no escape.

*032*2013-09-09 02:53

I apologize for the LONG amount of time that has passed since I posted any chapters, but I've had things going on and was either too busy or not in the mood to write erotic stories. Anyway, for anyone that's interested, I have chapter 8 ready.

Chapter 8: The Shower

Natalie bit down on her ball gag as an intense spasm hit her bladder. With her thighs held apart by the spreader bar, she was so sure that her pee would escape past her sphincter, but somehow, she managed to hold it in.

A whimper came up from inside Natalie’s throat and exited her mouth through the hole in the center of the ball gag. Miss Aalia applied more pressure on Natalie’s pee hole, just in case Natalie leaked.

When Miss Aalia felt no pee escape, she was surprised. “Good girl, you did an excellent of job of keeping it held in.”

Natalie tried with all of her might to shorten the gap between her legs, but it was no use. She shook her head side to side. She tried to beg Miss Aalia to let her release a little bit of pee, but she could not speak.

Beside Natalie, Shelly was whimpering and groaning in pain. Jennifer was holding her fingers over Shelly’s pee hole. Miss Annette and Alexis were not in the room, so it was just the four of them there.

“Miss Aalia, Shelly’s bladder is really bulging out!” Jennifer exclaimed.

Shelly curled her toes and balled her hands into tight fists as she groaned loudly. Jennifer’s fingers became wet from Shelly’s pee and she applied extra pressure, to prevent more from escaping.

Miss Aalia glanced at Natalie’s bladder and saw that it was also bulging. “Mmm, look at that full bladder…”

Miss Aalia poked Natalie’s bladder with her free hand and Natalie’s face contorted in pain.

“And look at how aroused you are,” Miss Aalia said with a wide grin on her face. “I bet you want to pee and have an orgasm so badly right now, but I’m not ready to let you yet.”

Natalie tried to beg Miss Aalia to stop poking, but all she managed to get out was, “Ah! Ah!”

Soon, Miss Annette and Alexis entered the living room from the hallway that connected the living room, the study, and the basement steps. Alexis was carrying a dildo in each hand and Miss Annette had a riding crop in her right.

“Ladies, please move your fingers away from their pee holes,” Miss Annette said.

Both Jennifer and Miss Aalia did as requested. Alexis set the dildos on the table and Miss Annette knelt down in front of Natalie. She gently slapped Natalie’s labia with it a few times, before slapping a little bit harder, causing Natalie to moan through her gag.

“Did you like that, Natalie?” Miss Annette asked.

Natalie was squirming like a worm on the floor. Her swollen bladder spasmed and she cried out through her gag. A small squirt of pee escaped her bladder and flew out of her urethra. It struck the metal spreader bar, sending small beads of pee flying in multiple directions as it hit.

Miss Annette gently brushed Natalie’s hair as she looked into her eyes. “Aw, you really want to go pee don’t you?”

Natalie nodded frantically and Miss Annette chuckled. Natalie bit into her ball gag as she felt another bladder spasm. After drinking all of the liquids she had been given half an hour before, she was about to burst and would soon be laying in another puddle of her own pee. She knew it was only a matter of time.

Miss Annette stood up and she nodded at Miss Aalia. Miss Aalia bit her lower lip and slid down her panties, revealing her womanhood for Natalie to see.

“I’ve been waiting for a while to do this!” Miss Aalia exclaimed.

What is she going to do? Natalie wondered.

“Alexis, untie Natalie’s ankles from her wrists, but keep her wrists tied,” Miss Aalia instructed. Alexis knelt down behind Natalie and did as she was told.

Miss Aalia pointed at the spreader bar between Natalie’s thighs. “Remove the spreader bar and take her upstairs to the bathroom.”

Maybe she will finally let me go to the bathroom! Natalie thought excitedly.

Alexis removed the spreader bar and helped Natalie to stand. She left the ball gag in Natalie’s mouth and guided her towards the stairs.

“Jennifer, remove the spreader bar from Shelly,” Miss Annette instructed as Natalie was taken to the top floor.

Alexis led Natalie to the bathroom and opened the door. She turned on the light and Natalie saw the fanciest bathroom she had ever seen. The floor was made of white tiles and the walls and ceiling were white, just like the bedroom she had been in a little while earlier. When Natalie saw the toilet, her sphincter nearly burst open, causing her to scream through her gag and bend forward at the waist.

“You just need to hold it a little bit longer,” Alexis said.

Pee escaped from Natalie’s urethra and started to flow down her bare leg, but she managed to stop the flow before she completely lost control.

Alexis led Natalie to the bathtub, which was at the center of the room. The sides of the tub looked as if they were made of stone and the faucet and the handles that controlled the valves appeared to be made of gold. When Natalie got to the edge, she clamped her thighs together, nearly losing control of her bladder again.

Alexis rubbed Natalie’s arms reassuringly. “Natalie, you need to step into the tub. You can make it until then.”

Behind them, Miss Aalia entered the room and watched, with a devious grin on her face, as Natalie stepped into the tub. Once inside, Alexis helped Natalie to sit down so that she was facing the faucet, with her feet directly underneath it.

Miss Aalia walked over to the tub and looked down at Natalie. Natalie glanced up and crossed her legs over each other. She was moaning from desperation and Miss Aalia enjoyed the sight.

“Natalie, it’s time,” Miss Aalia said, still not telling Natalie what was going to happen.

Miss Aalia got down on her knees and climbed over the side of the tub so that she could be in it with Natalie. Natalie stared at Miss Aalia’s sexy body as she got in and straddled her legs.

Miss Aalia reached behind her and unclasped her bra. She pulled it off and tossed it to the floor. Now, they were both naked.

“You’ve been a bad girl tonight,” Miss Aalia whispered.

She moved up closer so that her torso was almost touching Natalie’s, but their skin didn’t quite make contact. She slapped Natalie’s small breasts and then put her hands on Natalie’s shoulders.

Natalie waited for a second to find out what was going to happen, but her wait ended when Miss Aalia sighed quietly and began to pee on Natalie’s legs. The stream fell from Miss Aalia’s urethra and splashed over Natalie’s thighs. The liquid had a little bit of a yellow hue to it, but was mostly clear. It flowed over the skin and pooled underneath Natalie.

While Miss Aalia was peeing, Natalie began moaning loudly through her gag. She was right on the edge of losing control of her bladder and having a massive orgasm when Miss Aalia’s stream slowed down to a drip.

“You liked that, didn’t you, Natalie?” Miss Aalia asked. “If you decide to be a good girl, then I’ll be a nice mistress who will do that a lot. Do you understand?”

Natalie nodded.

Miss Aalia placed both of her hands over Natalie’s tits. “Natalie, are you going to be a good girl for me? I really want you to be my slave, but I need you to promise me that you will behave. If you behave, I’ll pee on you a lot and give you lots of orgasms.”

Natalie hesitated for a moment. She wanted to be free, but at the same time, being dominated like this was the most enjoyable thing she had ever experienced. Something about being helpless and under another woman’s control was greatly erotic.

Miss Aalia reached her hand down between Natalie’s legs. She started to rub Natalie’s clitoris with the palm of her hand and Natalie tilted her head back.

“I knew you would like that!” Miss Aalia cried excitedly. “Alexis, remove the gag from her mouth.”

Alexis removed the gag and Natalie moaned loudly when the ball was taken from her mouth. “Please! Miss Aalia, please!”

Miss Aalia stopped rubbing Natalie’s clitoris, leaving her unsatisfied.

“Please, keep doing that,” Natalie begged.

“Nope, you haven’t been a good girl, so I’m not going to,” Miss Aalia said.

“Please, may I pee?” Natalie begged.

Miss Aalia shook her head. “Nope, you’ve got to keep holding it in.”

Miss Aalia reached down and wiped the pee off of Natalie’s legs with the palms of her hands. After doing that, she rubbed them over Natalie’s small breasts and Natalie started breathing heavily again.

“I promise that I’ll be good!” Natalie cried. “I’ll be a good slave, if you will just let me pee!”

Miss Aalia laughed and started rubbing her own breasts with her wet hands. “I’m the one who makes the demands here, not you, Natalie.”

“But I’m so desperate!” Natalie cried.

Natalie squeezed her legs together extra tight as she felt another bladder spasm. A long stream of pee flowed out of her urethra and pooled underneath her, but she stopped the flow after peeing for five seconds.

“Uh-oh, did you pee without permission?” Miss Aalia demanded.

“Yes, but I couldn’t hold it!” Natalie cried. “I’m sorry.”

Miss Aalia poked Natalie’s very full bladder. “Miss Aalia, please!”

“Keep holding that pee, Natalie,” Miss Aalia instructed.

She stood up and got out of the tub. As she stepped out, she pointed at Alexis. “Alexis, take her to the shower.”

Alexis helped Natalie to stand back up, but she nearly lost control of her bladder again. “Please, Miss Aalia, I’m going to lose it again!”

Natalie refused to leave the tub at first and she stood in place with her thighs pressed together.

“Get out of the tub Natalie,” Miss Aalia ordered.

Biting her lower lip, Natalie lifted one leg over the edge and pulled the other out after it. Alexis led Natalie to the shower that was against the wall on the opposite side of the room from the door. She parted the glass shower doors and led Natalie inside.

Miss Aalia went into the shower and Alexis walked out so that only Miss Aalia and Natalie were inside. Miss Aalia slid the glass doors shut and Natalie bent forward and gritted her teeth. “Please, please, please…”

Miss Aalia turned the shower on and hot water sprayed out of the shower head, directly on Natalie’s head. She was startled by the sudden spray of the water and she lost control of her bladder again. The pee flowed from her urethra and ran down her legs, but she could not stop it this time.

Miss Aalia watched as Natalie peed. Natalie started moaning loudly as an intense orgasm shook her body. When she finished peeing, she sighed. “I’m sorry, Miss Aalia, but I just couldn’t hold it.

Miss Aalia walked over to Natalie and put her hands on her shoulders. “You did try to hold it in for me, so you get points for that, Natalie.”

A half smile appeared on Natalie’s face and she hoped that maybe she would be released for getting points, but already knew that the hope was false.

“Natalie, I am going to clean you off and when you are good and clean, Alexis will have clothes waiting outside for you to get into. When you are dressed, Jennifer and I will take you to my house and show you to your cage.”

“What about Shelly?” Natalie asked. “What will you do with her? What about Jake? Where is he?”

“Jake is in the basement and he still needs to be punished,” Miss Aalia replied. “Don’t worry about Shelly or Jake. They will be in Miss Annette’s very capable hands.”

Miss Aalia slowly walked past Natalie, who did not move from the place that she was standing, under the water. Miss Aalia picked up a bar of antibacterial soap and approached Natalie.

“Why are you going to take me, but not them?” Natalie asked.

Miss Aalia smiled as she picked up a soft sponge and held it under the water that was falling on Natalie’s naked body.

“So far, you have been the best-behaved of the three,” Miss Aalia replied. “You have always been so polite and have tried your best to obey, only wetting yourself when you just couldn’t hold it anymore. You did try to escape, so you are in trouble for that screw up, but attempting to escape can be forgiven when you have earned forgiveness.”

Natalie nodded. “I tried to escape because I was afraid! I don’t want to be your slave for the rest of my life! What if you never let me go? You can’t blame me for being afraid!”

Miss Aalia rubbed the soapy, wet sponge over Natalie’s chest, carefully washing her tits. “Well, to be honest, I won’t ever let you go. If I do that, you will likely go to the police and I can’t have that.”

Natalie felt panic rising in her chest. Miss Aalia looked into Natalie’s eyes. “I know you have enjoyed everything that has been done to you. You are a very kinky individual and you can’t deny that.”

Natalie knew that Miss Aalia spoke the truth. Even though she was afraid of the idea of being Miss Aalia’s sex slave for many years, she certainly couldn’t deny that enslavement to a woman like Miss Aalia was something she had fantasized about in the past. She also could not pretend that she hated everything that had happened to her that night.

“It’s true, but I can’t be a slave for the rest of my life!” Natalie cried. “I know that breaking into Miss Annette’s house was a bad thing to do. I didn’t even want to do it once I knew what I was going to be doing, but…”

Miss Aalia held up her hand and interrupted her. “But you went through with it, so you had to be punished and now you will be my slave.”

“But for the rest of my life?!” Natalie cried.

Miss Aalia said no more as she washed the rest of Natalie’s body.

*034*2013-09-25 00:32

Chapter 9: All an Act?

While Natalie and Miss Aalia were absent, Miss Annette had decided that it was time to play a new game with Shelly. Her spreader bar was gone, but Shelly’s wrists and ankles were still tied together. She was on her knees and Jennifer and Alexis were helping her to stand on them.

Between Shelly’s legs, Miss Annette was holding an empty mug up to her crotch. Shelly still had a ball gag in her mouth and she was moaning through the gag. Her bladder was hurting and she was right on the edge of an orgasm.

“I know that you want to pee so badly, Shelly, but you’ve got to keep holding and keep those lovely thighs of yours spread apart,” Miss Annette said.

Miss Annette looked up from the mug when she saw Miss Aalia and Natalie walking down the stairs. Natalie was wearing a red satin dress with a low-cut top. The dress was short and showed off her legs. The bottom of the dress just barely concealed her crotch. The top of the dress showed off Natalie’s lovely little tits, which were covered, underneath the dress, by a tight bra. The tight bra squished her breasts, causing them to appear larger than they were.

“Now that is just beautiful!” Miss Annette cried.

Shelly looked over her right shoulder and she saw what Miss Annette saw. Her mind drifted from controlling her bladder to how sexy she thought Natalie looked in the dress. This caused pee to escape from her bladder and she gasped behind the ball gag.

A short stream of pee fell into the empty mug, but was stopped by the fingers that had made their way over her pee hole to block the flow.

Miss Annette scowled at Shelly when she heard the pee escape. “I told you that you weren’t supposed to pee yet!”

“Ah… Ah law-eh.” Miss Annette giggled when she heard Shelly try to speak through her gag.

“Well, Miss Annette, I am ready to take Natalie home and give her a cage to sleep in,” Miss Aalia said.

Miss Annette nodded at Miss Aalia. “Very well then. Go ahead and take your girls with you.”

“Girls, come!” Miss Aalia ordered.

Alexis and Jennifer joined Miss Aalia and Natalie. The four of them walked towards the front door. Shelly noticed that Natalie’s wrists were cuffed behind her back as they walked out the front, leaving Miss Annette and Shelly all alone.

Miss Annette set the mug down and moved behind Shelly, so she could help Shelly maintain her balance. Shelly started mumbling through her gag and she started peeing again. Miss Annette grabbed the mug and put it under Shelly’s crotch just before the pee fell to the floor.

“You peed again, you naughty girl!” Miss Annette cried. She reached in between Shelly’s legs and covered the pee hole with her fingers.

Shelly hung her head and tried to beg Miss Annette through her gag to let her pee, but she could not say a word.

Completely ignoring Shelly’s mumbles, Miss Annette whispered into Shelly’s ear. “Well, even though the others are gone, we can still have some fun here. I still have help.”

Shelly raised her head and looked over her shoulder at Miss Annette. She was confused and did not understand who was going to be helping Miss Annette.

“Oh Jake, come on out here!” Miss Annette shouted.

From the hallway, Jake entered the room, still wearing his black jeans. He was no longer wearing his black hoodie, however. He was wearing a sleeveless, gray t-shirt, revealing his muscular arms. Since Shelly was very much attracted to both Natalie and Jake, she enjoyed seeing his muscles, but she was very confused and afraid.

“Jake, remove Shelly’s ball gag,” Miss Annette instructed.

Jake did as he was told and he pulled away a string of saliva when he removed the ball from between Shelly’s champers.

“Jake, what the hell is happening?” Shelly demanded.

Jake got down on his knees in front of Shelly and he took the mug from Miss Annette’s hand.

Jake looked into Shelly’s eyes and smiled. “I’m going to be making sure you don’t pee until Miss Annette says it’s okay.”

“But, I heard you scream and they took you to the basement!” Shelly cried.

Jake placed his fingers over Shelly’s pee hole so she could not leak and he chuckled. “That was all an act. Of course, I didn’t realize that it was an act until they took me to the basement and told me. All I knew was that I was supposed to lure you and Nat here so that Miss Annette and Miss Aalia could have you.”

Shelly became angry and she snarled at Jake. “But, you broke in with us and you left us behind and… This was all your plan? Miss Annette and Miss Aalia are working for you?!”

Miss Annette laughed. “On the contrary, he’s working for us. Jakey here owed us money and slaves. When he was about thirteen or so, he and a few buddies of his broke into my house and they stole quite a bit from me. Together, they spent the money on candy and drugs. The other boys went off to a Juvenile Detention Center and I made sure that they were never seen or heard from again.”

“I don’t understand, why did he owe you slaves?” Shelly asked.

Jake put his mouth up to Shelly’s left ear and whispered to it. “They told me that if I didn’t want to get arrested and disappear like my friends, I would need to pay them back all of the cash I owed and there was no way I could pay it all back before my young adult life was over. However, I was told that if I gave them two slutty girls for slaves, I wouldn’t need to pay back all of the cash.”

Jake pulled his head away and Shelly spit in his face. “How could you?!”

“Since Jakey has given us you and Natalie and paid back the last of the cash he was required to pay, I have allowed him to play a role in your slave training,” Miss Annette said.

Tears started coming from Shelly’s eyes and she grimaced from the pain in her bladder. “Please, it’s just too much… Please let me pee. I’ve been a pawn this whole time and I can’t take this suffering anymore.”

Both Jake and Miss Annette laughed.

“You are not a pawn,” Miss Annette said. “You see, you did not know about our plan here, so you made the decision to come here with the intention of robbing me. That makes you just as guilty as Jake and very much deserving of any punishment I put you through.”

“I’m sorry for everything, Miss Annette, but haven’t I been put through enough?” Shelly asked. “If you let me pee, I promise to be a good girl. Please, I need to pee so badly. I’m in pain!”

The tips of Jake’s fingers became wet with fresh pee and Miss Annette reached her hand down and moved her fingers around Jake’s hand. Shelly’s juices moistened Miss Annette’s fingers and she gently touched Shelly’s clit with her index finger.

“Oh!” Shelly cried. “Please…”

Miss Annette pulled her hand back and she looked at it. She spread her fingers apart and looked at the strings of lady juice between them. She reached around Shelly’s body and pressed her wet hand on Shelly’s breasts. Slowly, she rubbed the lady juice over her nipples.

“Please,” Shelly begged. “Please…”

“Do you like that?” Miss Annette asked.

“Yes she does,” Jake replied.

“I really want to see this lovely girl orgasm many times and watch her pee gush out from that worn out bladder of hers,” Miss Annette said. “But the thing is, I want Natalie to give her the orgasms and I want Natalie to drink that pee that is inside of her. Unfortunately, Miss Aalia took her away, even though she knew what I had planned…

“Then what will you do?” Shelly asked. “When will you let me pee?!”

Miss Annette laughed. “The answer is very simple! We need to take you to Miss Aalia’s house and get you and Natalie together. You’ll just need to hold the pee until then-”

Shelly interrupted. “But I can’t hold it that long!”

More pee escaped past Shelly’s sphincter and a short stream traveled through her urethra until it met with Jakes fingers. He allowed a little bit to pass by and drip into the mug with a quiet splash, sending ripples through the pee at the bottom of the container.

Miss Annette winked at Jake and said, “Well, if you want Natalie to give you the orgasm and drink the pee, then you had better hold it that long Shelly.”

Shelly desperately wanted to cum and pee and she wanted Natalie to be the one to receive her lady juice onto her tongue, even more. Unfortunately, she knew there was just no way to hold her pee in long enough for that to happen, so she groaned in despair.

*036*2013-09-29 15:39

Chapter 10: Oh the Horror!

Natalie sat in the back seat of Miss Aalia’s car, between Alexis and Jennifer. She was afraid of what Miss Aalia’s house might be like. She tried to imagine what it would be like to live with Miss Aalia for the rest of her life and to sleep in a cage.

“Will there be room to move around in the cage?” Natalie asked.

Miss Aalia glanced at Natalie in her rearview mirror, for a second, and then back at the road. “Of course there will. There’s enough room for a seven-foot tall person to stand up inside of the cage and lay flat, with their body straight. I make sure my slaves are comfortable. I’m not a cruel mistress who would jam them into a tiny cage that they couldn’t move around in.”

Miss Aalia’s answer satisfied Natalie, but she was still very nervous. Beside her, Alexis had her legs crossed and one hand over her crotch. She was gritting her teeth and humming quietly.

“Do you need to pee?” Natalie whispered.

Alexis turned her head to Natalie and nodded, but didn’t say anything. She continued humming her tune quietly.

Natalie looked straight ahead and found that she liked the car that Miss Aalia was driving. It was a black Lincoln MKZ and for some strange reason, it seemed as though the car couldn’t have suited her mistress better.

“Well, here we are!” Miss Aalia shouted excitedly, as she pulled into her driveway.

Natalie looked out through the windshield and saw a house that was about the same size as Miss Annette’s, except the outside looked far friendlier. It was covered with white siding and had shutters around the windows. The lawn was nicely cut and the house was surrounded by a darkly-colored picket fence, which was tall enough to go up above Natalie’s head. It was difficult to see the color of everything as Natalie was relying on the moonlight and the headlights of Miss Aalia’s car, to see her surroundings.

The fence is probably extra tall for privacy, Natalie thought.

Miss Aalia’s house was also surrounded by woods, like Miss Annette’s and it was only about fifteen miles away from Miss Annette’s house. That meant more privacy for Miss Aalia and her slaves.

Miss Aalia parked her car in the driveway, in front of the garage, which was attached to the house. “Alright, everybody out!”

Miss Aalia shut off the car and both Jennifer and Alexis got out. Alexis helped Natalie to step out of the car. For a moment, Natalie thought about crying out for help, but decided against it as it was very likely that no one would hear her and she knew that she would only be punished as a result.

Miss Aalia led the way, up the steps of her front porch, towards the door. On the front porch was a pair of lawn chairs and Natalie started to think that maybe it wouldn’t be so bad to live with Miss Aalia.

As soon as Natalie walked in the front door, Jennifer turned the lights on and Alexis picked up the rear, closing the door behind her and locking it. It was then that Natalie realized that thinking that it wasn’t going to be so bad was wishful thinking. She opened her eyes wide in horror when she saw Miss Aalia’s living room.

The house was very open and there were no walls separating the living room from the kitchen and dining room. In each room was a square, white post, going up into the ceiling from the floor.

In Miss Aalia’s living room, she had four black, metal chairs, sitting against the wall. The chairs had cuffs built into the arms and the legs. Clearly they were used for either interrogations or time-outs. The chairs were also tall, very much like a baby’s high chair, but they looked far more terrifying. In the corner to Natalie’s right, she saw what looked like a tilted cross, with cuffs on the arms.

I hope I never end up on that thing! Natalie thought.

Against the wall to Natalie’s left was a large, black piano. The thing looked ancient, but was kept up so it looked clean and shiny, but also spooky at the same time.

“So, what do you think?” Miss Aalia asked.

Natalie did not reply. She looked away from the piano and her eyes drifted towards the tilted cross.

Miss Aalia noticed Natalie staring at the cross and she pointed at it. “That is called the St. Andrew’s cross. I rarely ever use it. As long as you keep being a good girl, that won’t change.”

Natalie nodded, but didn’t give a response.

“Alright, show her to the kitchen girls,” Miss Aalia said. “She needs to know her way around it because she’s going to be a very busy girl once she becomes part of the crew.”

As Natalie was led into the kitchen, she noticed the white sofa that was against the post in the living room. She had been so frightened by the horrifying objects in the room that she did not notice it before then. She was somewhat relieved that the sofa looked less frightening than everything else.

During the tour of the kitchen, Natalie felt like a zombie. She heard Jennifer and Alexis speaking and she saw the objects in all of the cabinets and drawers, but she had no idea what they were saying and the sights of the tools she would be using did not even register in her mind.

“Now, take her to the bedroom,” Miss Aalia said.

Natalie was led through the dining room. They passed a black dining table, with a strange looking device sitting on it. It sort of looked like a steel mask with cuffs on the sides, near the top.

“What the hell is that thing?!” Natalie cried, not realizing that she had said it out loud, instead of in her mind.

Miss Aalia put her hands on the mask and picked it up. “This is a very special tool that I had custom-made. I call it the Insanity Mask. What happens is I put it over your head and it goes on like a medieval helmet.”

When Natalie took a closer look at it, she saw that there were eye holes in the steal and hanging from the chin was a black, rubber pacifier. The sides of the pacifier had small hooks on them and all around the mouth were small eyeholes for the hooks to go into.

Miss Aalia held the mask up as if she was going to put it over Natalie’s head and Natalie gritted her teeth and lowered her head away from it.

Miss Aalia laughed. “I’m not going to make you wear it right now! When I make someone wear it, I usually put the pacifier in and hook it up so it stays in their mouth and they can’t talk. I also cuff their wrists to the sides so that their hands are up by their head. When you’ve got it on, it makes you look like a crazy person who has their wrists stuck to the sides of their head while they’re moaning and groaning about something.”

“Please don’t make me wear that!” Natalie begged. “I really don’t want to.”

Miss Aalia set the mask back on the table and gently stroked the side of Natalie’s face with one hand. “If you’re good, I won’t ever have to. I have very strict rules around here, especially rules about when you are allowed to pee. Usually I use this when the pee break rules are broken. I have the slave wear this mask and stand in the corner while desperate to pee. In the end, the slave in question usually wets themselves there.”

Natalie nodded to let Miss Aalia know that she understood. “I won’t break the rules then! I won’t ever.”

Miss Aalia smirked at Natalie. “I also have a rule about not speaking until I ask you a question or tell you that you may speak. You have not needed to follow the rule until now, but since I’m telling you, I expect you to follow it and I will enforce it. Do you understand?”

Natalie nodded. “Yes Miss Aalia, I understand.”

She was led past the dining table and glanced back at the mask as she was taken towards a large, oak door. Miss Aalia opened the door and Natalie looked inside. It was then that she saw something even more frightening than anything she had seen previously.

The carpet was blood-red and the paint on the walls and ceiling were also blood-red. In the middle of the room was a small bed for one person. To the right of the bed was a dresser. At the foot of the bed was a spreader bar, hanging from the ceiling, with cuffs hanging from it, towards the floor. The bed was surrounded by four large, black cages. Inside of the cages were soft mattresses, pillows, and blankets. There were also fans in the room that could be used to keep the slaves cool during the night.

“We all sleep in the same room?” Natalie asked.

Miss Aalia looked into Natalie’s eyes and Natalie looked into hers. Natalie saw a frightening gleam in the eyes of her mistress. She clamped her mouth shut and pressed her lips tightly together. She had forgotten about the rule about speaking and broke it.

“You have only been here for a few minutes and have already broken a rule?” Miss Aalia asked.

Natalie nodded. “Yes, but I forgot because the scary stuff distracted me.”

Miss Aalia pointed at Alexis, who was standing behind Natalie and doing a pee dance. She was wiggling her hips, shaking her knees, and pressing both hands onto her pee hole through her underwear.

“Alexis, stop pee dancing over there and get the mask from the dining table.”

Alexis nodded. She stood up straight and tried to pretend that she didn’t need to pee as badly as she needed to. She walked out of the room, towards the dining table.

Natalie wanted to beg Miss Aalia not to put the mask on her, but she was afraid to speak out of turn again, so she only pleaded in her mind. Miss Aalia could see fear in Natalie’s eyes and it brought a smile to her face.

Soon, Alexis returned with the mask and she nearly dropped the mask when she suddenly jammed one hand between her legs and crossed them.

“The mask, Alexis,” Miss Aalia said.

Alexis held the mask out to Miss Aalia, who took it from her. Once both of Alexis’ hands were free, she used them both to help hold.

Miss Aalia instructed Jennifer to remove Natalie’s dress. Jennifer did as she was told and then Natalie was standing in front of them, wearing nothing but the black thong Miss Annette had given to her before she tried to run away.

Natalie, listen to me, because this is important,” Miss Aalia said. “When I put this mask on you, if you feel like you’re about to panic, I want you to say ‘clit’ before I put the pacifier thing in your mouth. If you feel like you’re about to panic after it’s in, then I want you to grunt twice in rapid succession. Do you understand?”

Natalie nodded.

“Good, I only want to frighten you a little and restrain you,” Miss Aalia said as she placed the mask over Natalie’s head. “I don’t want to give a little thing like you a heart attack or something.”

Miss Aalia placed the mask on Natalie’s head, but left the pacifier out. Natalie felt more nervous than before, but she didn’t feel like her life was in any more danger than it had been the whole night.

Alexis bobbed up and down and whimpered, but tried to hide her desperation. Miss Aalia could see and she thought of a fun idea as she lifted up Natalie’s wrists and cuffed them to the sides of the mask.

“Alexis, since you need to pee so badly, how about you give Nat here a golden shower for her initiation into the slave crew?” Miss Aalia suggested.

Alexis grinned from ear to ear at the suggestion. “Yes ma’am!”

Alexis took Natalie into the bathroom, which was attached to the bedroom, through a doorway between two cages. Once inside, Natalie saw a friendly looking bathroom, very much like the one in Miss Annette’s house, except it was much smaller and the tub and shower were together.

Alexis helped Natalie to lie down in the tub and pulled off her panties. Natalie tried to pull her hands away from the sides of her head, but couldn’t do it. Luckily for her, the tub was wide enough that she didn’t feel crowded.

Alexis got in and stood over Natalie. “Are you ready new girl?”

“Yes, I am ready,” Natalie replied.

Alexis spread her legs apart as she stood over Natalie and a hot torrent of pee flowed from her urethra. “Good!”

The pee fell onto Natalie’s chest and her arousal, which had faded during the trip between the two houses, returned with a vengeance. She wanted so badly to reach between her legs and play with herself, but her wrists were stuck to her head and she could not move them.

“Mmm…” Alexis had her mouth closed and her lips pressed together, but was still smiling from the relief. As her pee stream died down, she moaned again. “Mmm…”

Even though Natalie was scared, she was starting to think that she could learn to like being one of Miss Aalia’s slaves. Being peed on and feeling aroused helped her to be more at ease and she liked that.

After this chapter, I think what I should do is try to post new ones once a week, but that's not always an easy thing to do. I'm going to try to post a new one every Sunday.

*038*2013-09-29 16:55

{{: 

Another amazing chapter in this saga... loving it so much !

Your work just keeps on getting better and better, and although having self-imposed deadlines can certainly help spur you to get things done, let's never forget that they are indeed self-imposed. quality should come first, methinks...

}}

I agree about quality being the most important thing, but I think I found a major screw up in the last two chapters (that probably doesn't seem so major to anyone but me ), but it's supposed to be cold outside and I never mentioned anything about Aalia dressing the girls up in warm clothes before going out into the cold. I should have, but it's too late to fix that now I suppose.

*040*2013-10-01 14:21

{{: 

She's a dominant, and she wants them desperate... and cold temps make you want to pee, at least that's how it affects me...

Why would she want them dressed warmly ?

Makes perfect sense to me, you don't need to change it !

}}

Yeah, I guess that does make sense, but I was thinking about her not wanting them to freeze. Oh well, it's good like it is. I do still think I should have made sure to mention that they at least wore something on their feet so the gravel stones outside wouldn't hurt them, but I guess that's not too important.

I've decided against setting posting one chapter a week as in the last couple of days, ideas for the next few chapters just hit me like a tidal wave so I'm going to write and post whenever I have the time, but I'm going to make sure that I post a new chapter at least once a week, as I don't want to keep fans waiting too long.

*041*2013-10-01 14:31

Chapter 11: T-minus …

“Put these on Shelly.” Miss Annette tossed a pair of red panties on the floor in front of her, where she was kneeling and trying not to pee into the mug that Jake was holding. These panties were the very same ones she had been wearing underneath her jeans when she first arrived with Jake and Natalie.

“Shelly, stand up and put them on,” Miss Annette said more sternly. “We’re going to Miss Aalia’s house and I want you to wear those.”

Shelly got up off of the floor, happy to finally have her wrists and ankles free, but she knew that she would very soon have a full-blown wetting as her bladder was filled to the brim and her sphincter was on the brink of failure. Trying to keep the pee held in, she placed both of her hands between her legs and started to rub her crotch, but she did not bother bending over to pick up the panties at her feet.

“Do as I say or I’ll get the paddle from upstairs,” Miss Annette said.

Shelly closed her eyes and fought back against a wave of desperation. A few drops of clear urine fell between her fingers, to the floor below. Once she was able to hold back the flood again, she nodded and opened her eyes.

Jake picked up the mug that he had used to catch Shelly’s leaks and spurts as he stood up and he walked around so that he was behind Shelly. He watched as she bent forward to pick up the panties, groaning as she bent down towards the floor. He watched her buttocks spread apart slightly and he saw her hand covering her wet pussy. As she grabbed the panties, she squealed and stood up straight suddenly. Jake enjoyed the whole scene.

“What was that about?” Miss Annette asked.

Shelly squeezed her thighs together and pressed even harder against her pussy. “The pee escaped my bladder and I can’t tighten my sphincter back up! If I move my hand, it’s all going to come out! Please, I can’t make it to Miss Aalia’s house…”

Miss Annette put both of her hands on Shelly’s shoulders. “You’ve got to hold it until we get to Miss Aalia’s house. It’s only fifteen miles away.”

Shelly bent forward and her face turned red as she grimaced from pain. “I can’t… I just can’t do it Miss Annette. Please, I can’t…”

Miss Annette stroked Shelly’s chin and frowned. “Awe, you’re about to have an accident aren’t you? I’ll tell you what, I’ll let you pee into the mug that Jake is holding in his hand, but you must stop when I tell you. This way, you’ll still be bursting, but at least you will be able to hold it until we get to Miss Aalia’s.”

Shelly closed her eyes and nodded. “Okay.”

Jake stepped forward and placed the mug between Shelly’s thighs, up against her hand. Shelly quickly moved her hand and pee started flowing from her urethra, into the mug.

Shelly sighed with relief, but was interrupted mid-sigh by Miss Annette. “Alright, stop!”

With all of her strength, Shelly clamped her sphincter shut, fearing that she had not let out enough. The flow of her pee stopped suddenly, but was followed by another short squirt into the mug.

“Do you have control again?” Miss Annette asked.

Shelly nodded and put her hand back and started rubbing.

“Nope, no rubbing down there,” Miss Annette said. “You can press, but no rubbing. Until we get to Miss Aalia’s, you’re not allowed to have any orgasms, accidentally or on purpose.”

Shelly nodded and stopped rubbing. She tried to stand up straight and she lifted up one leg to put her panties on. As she did this, she nearly fell over and Miss Annette grabbed her. She needed to use both hands, so she removed the one that was between her legs and squeezed her pelvic floor muscles as tight as she could.

“Good girl,” Miss Annette cooed as Shelly got one leg through the panties and then the other.

“Oh god,” Shelly whispered as she pulled the panties up, amazed that she had gotten them on without spraying pee all over the floor.

“Alright, we better get going,” Miss Annette said. “I want to get to Miss Aalia’s before Old Faithful erupts. It could happen any minute!”

“But, Miss Annette, it’s cold outside!” Shelly whined. “I might freeze and I might wet myself.”

“Oh hush up!” Miss Annette ordered. “When Miss Aalia left, Natalie, Jennifer, and Alexis were nearly naked when they left and they didn’t whine! Hell, even Miss Aalia was wearing nothing but a pair of sandals and her underwear!”

“But Miss Annette, the cold is going to-”

Miss Annette covered Shelly’s mouth and scowled at her. “What did I say about whining? If you pee between here and Miss Aalia’s, you’ll receive a punishment unlike anything you have ever experienced. It will be far worse than anything that has already been done to you since you got here. Trust me; you will have a legitimate reason to whine then! ”

Shelly’s face became pale when Miss Annette told her how bad her punishment would be. As she no longer had the will to resist, she planned to obey Miss Annette no matter what.

“Do you understand me?” Miss Annette asked. “When I remove my hand from your mouth, you are going to call me Mistress.”

Shelly nodded and then Miss Annette pulled her hand away. “Yes Mistress, I understand.”

Miss Annette clapped her hands together and smiled. “Excellent! Jake, bring the mug with you, just in case, but make sure you dump out what is in it, outside. I don’t want pee spilling in my van.”

Jake nodded. “Yes ma’am.”

Miss Annette walked towards a closet and took out a pair of slippers. She brought them to Shelly and said, “I’m going to give you something for your feet so the stones outside don’t hurt you.”

“Thank you Mistress,” Shelly said, bringing joy to Miss Annette’s heart. Miss Annette chuckled in response.

Once Shelly had her slippers on, she put both of her hands between her legs and pressed them over her crotch to help hold her pee in.

Miss Annette opened the front door and Shelly followed her, carefully shuffling along with her legs pressed together. Jake picked up the rear and followed both of them outside.

Miss Annette walked to the van and Shelly suddenly thought about running away. All she would have to do is start running down the driveway and make it to the road. Behind her, she heard the sound of water falling into the gravel as Jake poured pee out of the mug. Jake was standing right behind her and she knew that he was a lot faster than she was.

Well, if he catches up to me, I could always fight back! Shelly thought.

Suddenly, Jake grabbed Shelly’s arms and Miss Annette turned around to see what was happening behind her.

“You’re not thinking of running away are you?” Jake asked.

Miss Annette reached for the mug and she could see Shelly looking down the driveway, at the part that curved through the trees towards the road.

“Shelly, if you want to run away and pee all over yourself while you’re doing it, go right ahead,” Miss Annette said. She nodded at Jake. “Let her go.”

Jake let Shelly go and Shelly looked into Miss Annette’s eyes. She did not like seeing the wicked smile that was on Miss Annette’s face.

“You’re really going to let me run?” Shelly asked.

Miss Annette nodded. “I’m going to give you a choice. You may run away, but if you do, you’ll never see Natalie ever again. You wouldn’t want something bad to happen to her, would you? If you stay with me, you will most definitely see her again. Not only that, but I’ll have her go down on you and I will allow you to pee to your heart’s content when she does it, as a reward for choosing to be a good girl.”

The second choice sounded like the best one, so after a few seconds of thinking, she decided to go with Miss Annette.

“I choose to go with the latter option, Mistress,” Shelly said.

Miss Annette opened the back door of the van and pointed inside. “Excellent! Now, get in.”

Shelly did as she was told and took a seat. Jake walked around to the other side of the van and got in beside Shelly, who refused to look at his face.

As Miss Annette got into the driver seat, Jake looked at Shelly, who was carefully putting her seatbelt on. “Shelly, I’m sorry about all of this, but I had to do it.”

Shelly did not say anything or look at him. She instead looked out the window beside her, at the front of Miss Annette’s spooky, old house. The van started up and Miss Annette backed up.

Jake crossed his arms when he heard Shelly’s teeth start chattering and he watched her cross her legs over each other and start rubbing her crotch with her hands. Even though he knew that Miss Annette had ordered her not to rub, he refused to rat her out because he did care about her deep down, underneath his greed and sadism.

*042*2013-10-06 02:21

Chapter 12: A Very Wet Van

Only a few miles away from Miss Aalia’s, Shelly’s bladder was ready to burst again. She had her legs double crossed and was groaning loudly.

“Miss Annette, I’m not going to make it! I’m going to pee-”

Miss Annette scowled at Shelly through her rearview mirror and interrupted her. “You better not pee on the seat young lady! If you do, I’ll make you clean this whole van and then I will spank you several times!”

Shelly closed her eyes, grimaced, and tipped her head back. Fearing that Shelly was going to soak the seat, Miss Annette tossed the mug to Jake. Jake quickly caught the mug as it nearly hit his face.

“Shelly, do another partial pee into the mug,” Miss Annette instructed.

“I can’t do another one!” Shelly cried. “I won’t be able to stop it this time! I’m not going to make it! Please, I need relief…”

Jake handed Shelly the mug and she took it from him. Carefully, she slouched as much as her seatbelt would allow and then pulled her panties to one side. As she did this, the seatbelt squished her bladder and she had to pull it away with her fingers. Once her vulva was exposed, she placed the mug between her legs so that it would catch her pee.

“If you empty your bladder, I’ll punish you when we get to Miss Aalia’s,” Miss Annette threatened. “You and Natalie won’t be able to have the fun that I was going to let you have. Not only that, but you will receive a severe spanking and be forced to fill your bladder up again.”

Shelly gasped as her sphincter gave out. She used all of her strength to hold back the flood, but the dam had burst and there was no stopping the stream.

“Please don’t punish me Miss Annette!” Shelly begged. “I can’t hold it…”

The pee flowed into the mug while Shelly groaned and strained. The relief she desperately needed was just seconds away, but she feared the spanking she would receive from Miss Annette, so she fought with her bladder, determined not to disobey her mistress.

Suddenly, Miss Annette’s van went over a bump. The pee in the mug splashed out and Shelly’s hand shook, causing the mug to move and her stream to miss the opening. The stream struck the side of the mug, sending pee flying in multiple directions.

“Oh no!” Shelly cried. She quickly moved the mug back into place and resumed peeing into it.

In her shock, Shelly lost the battle with her bladder and her pee soon filled the mug to the top. When the pee overflowed and started running over the sides and her fingers, it fell to the floor with a hiss. Shelly cried out in shock and clenched her sphincter, this time, stopping the flow. Unfortunately, she had already emptied over half of her bladder.

Miss Annette pulled over to the side of the road, parked the van, and looked at Shelly over her shoulder. “You naughty girl!”

Shelly sat up in her seat and pressed her back against the seat, with her eyes opened wide in horror. “I’m sorry Mistress, but I couldn’t make it. I-I couldn’t stop and the-the mug, it… It wasn’t my fault Mistress, please don’t punish me!”

Miss Annette pointed at Shelly and snarled. “You are going to put that pee back where it came from, you bad girl. Drink it. When we get to Miss Aalia’s, I’m going to have you drink more water and then I will introduce you to Miss Aalia’s Insanity Mask for a time-out.”

Shelly had no idea what the Insanity Mask was and she really didn’t want to find out. Unfortunately, she knew there was no escaping what was going to happen.

“Please don’t make me drink my pee,” Shelly begged. “What if it tastes bad?”

Miss Annette turned around and put the van back into drive. “You better drink that pee before we arrive at Miss Aalia’s. You don’t want your punishment to be any worse than it is going to be.”

“Mistress, am I still going to clean the whole van?” Shelly asked.

Miss Annette nodded. “Yes. In the morning, you will clean the whole van, under my supervision. Miss Aalia and her girls will see to it that you don’t try to run away.”

Shelly lifted the mug to her lips and Jake watched her as she did it. He was tapping his feet on the floor of the van as she took a sip and she saw him fidgeting a little, out of the corner of her right eye.

He must have needed to pee and has been hiding it this whole time, Shelly thought.

Shelly took a sip of pee and made a funny face as she did it, fearing the worst. When the liquid touched her tongue, she found that it had a bit of a salty flavor to it. Luckily, her pee didn’t taste as terrible as she imagined, but that didn’t minimize the severity of the trouble she was in. She waited in silence for the rest of the ride, fearing the punishment that was to come.

*045*2013-10-12 13:55

Chapter 13: Full of Surprises

With a grin on her face, Natalie’s new mistress slipped a black collar around her neck and hooked a leash onto the metal loop on the front. She was on the floor in front of Miss Aalia, on her knees. She was still wearing the Insanity Mask, but was not gagged, and her wrists were free from the sides of her head. She was naked, accept for the black thong that she had been given at Miss Annette’s house. Jennifer and Alexis stood and watched, with their hands folded down by their crotches.

“Well, you look good with that on you, Natalie,” Miss Aalia said. “You’ve been a good girl since your little slip-up after your arrival, so I’m going to get that mask off of you. It was a minor offense anyway.”

Miss Aalia snapped her fingers at Jennifer, who stepped forward. “Remove the mask from my new doggie.”

Jennifer knelt down and pulled off the mask.

Once the cool air of the living room touched the skin on Natalie’s face, she was happy to have that scary hunk of metal off, and her mistress smiled down at her. “Is that better?”

Natalie nodded. “Yes Mistress.”

Lying on the carpeted floor in front of Natalie was a large bowl full of water. Miss Aalia pointed down at the bowl and said, “Natalie, drink.”

At first, Natalie was afraid to drink the water because her bladder was filling up again. It was already half full. All of the liquids she had consumed at Miss Annette’s house were still going through her system. She looked up at her mistress, but said nothing.

“I didn’t stutter doggie,” Miss Aalia said. “Start drinking the water.”

Natalie thought about begging her mistress not to make her drink, but decided against it as she had no desire to be punished. She lowered her head to the bowl and started to carefully drink the water.

Suddenly, there was a knock on the front door. Miss Aalia turned away from Natalie and walked over to the front window. She smiled when she moved the curtain aside and looked outside. “I wonder who that could be…”

When Miss Aalia’s back was turned, Natalie pulled her head away from the water bowl and glanced at the door when Miss Aalia let in the visitors that were on the front porch.

Miss Aalia opened the door and laughed. “Look who we have here!”

Natalie watched as Shelly entered first, falling to the carpet as she was shoved to the floor, holding onto the mug that she had seen Miss Annette using back at the other house. Miss Annette walked in behind Shelly and Jake followed her in.

Wait, Jake is here too? Natalie was confused because she expected Jake to be locked away in Miss Annette’s basement, not following her around. She didn't understand why he was wearing his black jeans and boots from earlier that night, either.

“Miss Aalia, we need to punish this girl,” Miss Annette said, interrupting Natalie’s thoughts. She watched as Shelly backed up towards the St. Andrew’s cross, along the floor, holding onto the mug for dear life.

“What did the naughty girl do?” Miss Aalia asked.

Miss Annette pointed at Shelly and scowled. “She got pee all over the floor in the back of my van when she peed without permission. Where’s that mask of yours?”

Miss Aalia turned around and Natalie opened her eyes wide and returned to drinking the water.

“Natalie, did I just see you do what I think you did?” Miss Aalia asked.

Natalie watched out of the corner of her eye as her mistress approached her while she drank, afraid to reply.

Miss Aalia snapped her fingers at Jennifer, who gave her the Insanity Mask. “Jennifer, go to my bedroom and get my favorite toy out of the closet for me.”

Jennifer nodded and hurried towards the bedroom. Natalie stopped drinking and grimaced when her mistress knelt down beside her and grabbed her hair.

“Are you going to answer my question or do I need to give you a whipping?” Miss Aalia demanded.

Natalie looked up at her and started breathing rapidly. “I just wanted to see who was coming in, Mistress.”

Miss Aalia smiled. “But I never said you could look at the door and stop drinking. When I give you instructions, I expect you to follow them. Kapeesh?”

Natalie nodded. “Yes Mistress.” Her hair was released and she returned to drinking. She watched out of the corner of her eye as Miss Annette and Jake cornered Shelly.

“Get back!” Shelly cried. She got up off of the floor and backed up against the wall, beside the St. Andrew’s cross.

Jennifer returned to the living room and handed Miss Aalia a flogger with long, leather straps and a long handle. Natalie watched her mistress approach Shelly from the side.

“Get back Miss Aalia, I’ll take you out!” Shelly cried.

Natalie stopped drinking again and looked up to see what was happening. Jake rushed at Shelly from the door, but backed away as Shelly swung the mug at him. What the hell? Why is Jake helping these crazy women?!

Miss Aalia made a dash for Shelly and she lashed out with her flogger, hitting Shelly in the arm.

“Ow!” Shelly cried in surprise, suddenly dropping the mug. Jake and Miss Annette hurried towards her. Miss Annette grabbed the mug and Jake grabbed Shelly by the arms.

“Let me go!” Shelly hit Jake in the stomach with her knee and Miss Aalia lashed her with the flogger again.

After moving the mug out of reach, Miss Annette quickly grabbed Shelly’s legs. “No, let me go! You can’t do this shit!”

Miss Aalia laughed. “Well, Miss Annette, what is it with this girl? She’s still a feisty thing! I thought we broke her down into a good little slave!”

Natalie’s mistress walked around Jake and slipped the Insanity Mask over Shelly’s head. “No, don’t make me wear that!”

“She was a good girl after you brought your girls here, Aalia,” Miss Annette said. “After peeing in the van, that all changed.”

Miss Aalia stuck the pacifier into Shelly’s mouth and hooked it to the face of the mask so she could not spit it out. After that, she instructed Alexis to go to her bedroom and retrieve a spreader bar from her closet. Alexis quickly did as she was told.

“Jake, cuff her wrists to the cuffs on the mask,” Miss Annette instructed.

Jake quickly cuffed Shelly’s left wrist to the side of her head, but when he let go of her right, she started to punch him with her right fist.

“Ow, stop hitting me!” Jake grabbed Shelly’s other arm and forced her wrist to the side of her head where he cuffed it.

Miss Annette let go of Shelly’s legs and everyone backed away from Shelly, who started twisting her torso and screaming through the gag in her mouth, with her eyes closed.

It really does make her look like a crazy person, Natalie thought bitterly. She looked at Jake and saw him watching Shelly with a grin on his face. What the hell is going on?

Alexis returned with the spreader bar and she gave it to her mistress. “Thank you Alexis. Go stand beside Natalie with Jennifer.”

Natalie stopped watching and returned to drinking her water, but she carefully listened to what was being said.

“Shelly, stop yelling and moving all about!” Miss Annette ordered. “We’re going to put a spreader bar on your ankles and make you stand in a corner! If you resist, we will whip Natalie until she’s raw! Once you’re where we want you, you are going to drink more water!”

Natalie looked up and watched as Shelly stopped yelling and fell to her knees. She watched as her friend started sobbing and Miss Aalia knelt down in front of her and whispered something into her ear, but Natalie couldn’t make out what it was.

While Natalie watched, she heard Shelly grunt twice, in rapid succession, just like she had been told to do when she had the mask on, and both Miss Annette and Miss Aalia helped Shelly to stand.

Miss Annette whispered something into Shelly’s ear and then quickly took her out of the room, into Miss Aalia’s bedroom. Natalie heard the door shut and then Miss Aalia looked back at Natalie.

“You stopped drinking again…” Natalie’s eyes opened wide in fear when her mistress set her toys on the piano bench and pointed at her. She started drinking the water again, hoping that maybe she could get by without receiving another punishment.

“Oh no, you’re not going to get away with it just like that!” Miss Aalia cried.

She picked Natalie up off of the floor by her arms and pulled her towards the chairs that were lined up against the wall. “You’re going to sit in one of the time-out chairs and I’m going to have you drink more liquid through a straw, Natalie. When your bladder is full again, I’ll give you a whipping until you lose control and wet yourself.”

Natalie didn’t like the sound of that. She was forced into the chair and Miss Aalia unhooked her leash and cuffed her wrists and ankles to the chair.

“Mistress, please don’t do this!” Natalie begged. “I'm sorry I disobeyed!”

Natalie’s mistress laughed. “Well, look at you, breaking rules willy-nilly! Are you trying to make a scene because you’re upset about Shelly's break-down? Making a scene isn’t going to help you, young lady. It will only make things worse for you!”

Miss Aalia turned towards Jake and smiled at him. “Have a seat beside Natalie, Jake.”

Jake raised an eyebrow and looked at her suspiciously. “Why? I did everything you and Miss Annette wanted me to do. I gave you the girls and the cash, so why not just let me go?”

Natalie’s lower jaw dropped suddenly and she looked at Jake in horror. “You… You did what?!”

Miss Aalia grabbed Jake and he was surprised to find out how strong she was as she overpowered him and forced him into a chair, on her own. In a flash, she had his wrists cuffed and then proceeded to cuff his ankles.

“Miss Aalia, no, don’t do this!” Jake cried. Once his ankles were cuffed, he started fidgeting in his chair and pressing his knees together.

Natalie’s mistress laughed loudly as she stood up in front of Jake. “You need to pee, don’t you Jake? Well then, we shall have lots of fun!”

Miss Aalia turned towards her two other slaves and walked over to them. She whispered to them, they both nodded, and then the three of them went into the kitchen, leaving Jake and Natalie all alone in the living room.

*047*2013-10-19 17:18

Chapter 14: A New Mistress in the House

Natalie listened to the sounds of someone tinkering around in the kitchen while staring at the floor. How could Jake hand us over to them? Why did he do it? None of this makes any sense!

Beside Natalie, the greedy guy was gritting his teeth and grunting softly. He was really getting desperate.

“Nat, please listen,” Jake said, interrupting Natalie's thoughts. She did not reply and refused to look at him. “Nat, you need to understand why...”

“Shut up Jake!” Natalie cried. “Shelly trusted you and so did I! I don't care why you handed us over to these psychos! I just hope that they are extremely harsh with you.”

“Nat, I'm sorry.” Jake bowed his head and pressed his knees together as he fought a wave of desperation.

Natalie did not notice his desperation because she was still looking away, but also because she was concentrating on her own bladder, which was still filling up. All of the liquids she had consumed that night had put her kidneys into overdrive and they were producing a lot of urine. She was shaking her knees and clenching her sphincter. Oh god, why did you have to leave the two of us alone in this room for so long, Miss Aalia? Please come back!

Only seconds after wishing that Miss Aalia would return, she walked into the room and smiled at Natalie. “How is your bladder doing?”

Natalie didn't reply at first, but she didn't need to because her shaking knees answered the question for her. “I really need to pee again, Mistress.”

Miss Aalia clapped her hands together happily and walked over to the piano bench, where the flogger lay, and picked it up with a wicked grin on her face.

“Mistress, no, please don't do this,” Natalie begged as she started to squirm in her seat and tug on the cuffs on her wrists.

Miss Aalia chuckled as she quickly lashed her slave's little breasts with her toy. “You're on a roll tonight, aren't you?”

Natalie gasped and pressed her back into her chair. Miss Aalia lifted up her right leg and placed her foot between Natalie's thighs, just centimeters from her wet crotch.

“What do you mean, Mistress?” Natalie asked.

Miss Aalia gently brushed the leather straps of her favorite toy over Natalie's nipples, tickling them. “I mean you keep breaking my rules. You have disobeyed me and spoken without permission so many times, I've nearly lost count.”

Miss Aalia chuckled again when she heard a light gasp emerge past her new slave's lips. “Do you enjoy that?”

Natalie nodded. “Yes Mistress. It feels really good.”

Miss Aalia suddenly stopped the tickling and lashed each breast once, causing Natalie to squeal. “Well, I don't want you to feel good. I want to punish you.”

Natalie looked up at her mistress and found herself wondering what had become of Shelly. Her friend had been alone with Miss Annette for at least half an hour, but she didn't really know how much time had actually passed.

Despite fearing punishment, she decided to ask about what was happening in the bedroom. “Mistress, I know I don't have permission to speak, but I have an important question. What is happening to Shelly?”

Miss Aalia removed her foot from the chair and shrugged. “I'm really not sure. That poor thing was terrified, so I would imagine that her mistress is calming her down. We didn't want to scare her as badly as we did. It just sort of happened. I feel really bad about it.”

You feel bad about it!? Natalie thought. Why would a psycho like you feel bad about anything? She was wise enough not to say what was on her mind out loud, but anyone could clearly see, from the expression on her face, that she did not believe Miss Aalia's words.

Miss Aalia frowned in disappointment. “You don't believe me, do you? I'm not a total psycho, like you probably think I am. Miss Annette and I really do like to be kind to our slaves and we want you to have some fun, as slaves, but we can't let disobedience go unpunished. You must understand that.”

Natalie nodded. “You're right, I don't believe you, but I do understand that disobedience needs to be punished. I just don't understand why Shelly and I have to be slaves.”

Miss Aalia grinned. “You don't even know why Jake led you and Shelly to your mistresses, do you? Shelly knows, but I suppose you deserve to know too.”

Natalie shook her head. “I don't want to know why! I just want to go home. I promise that I won't tell anyone what happened. I got what I deserved for breaking in, so I don't need to be punished anymore.”

Miss Aalia's grin faded. “You promise not to tell anyone? That's what they all say, isn't it?”

“Please let me go!” Natalie begged. “Please, I won't tell!”

Miss Aalia shook her head and turned towards the kitchen. “I already said no, so stop talking before I gag you.”

She walked away and Natalie felt a strong urge to pee as she watched her leave. She pressed her knees together and groaned loudly as a little bit of pee leaked out of her urethra. The pee added extra moisture to the thong she was wearing, which was already quite damp from her arousal fluid. Miss Aalia, please don't leave. My bladder is getting fuller and fuller with each passing minute! Don't make me hold it in too much longer!

Both Jake and Natalie squirmed in their seats and Natalie wanted to cry out to her mistress and beg her to return. Please come back and get the humiliating whipping over with! However, before she had a chance to do so, she heard Miss Aalia's bedroom door open.

“Jake, did you hear the bedroom door open?” Natalie asked.

Jake grunted and shook his head as a little bit of liquid escaped his pee hole and formed a wet spot on the front of his boxer shorts, about the size of a quarter, underneath his black jeans. “No, I wasn't paying attention.”

The two of them listened intently and they heard the bedroom door shut, at the back of the house.

“Shelly, are you okay?!” Natalie cried.

She turned her head and waited to see who was coming from the bedroom. She waited a couple of minutes before she saw Miss Annette enter the living room from the kitchen, with a smile on her face. Shelly was directly behind her, also smiling. She was wearing a black dress, just like the one that Miss Annette was wearing, but with a very revealing low-cut top that showed off her large breasts, which were held up by a black bra she had borrowed from the bedroom.

“Shelly, what is going on?” Natalie asked.

She looked down at her friend's left hand and saw a riding crop in it. “Shelly?”

Jake looked up in horror as his girlfriend and her mistress walked over to him and looked down at him. “Shelly, what did Miss Annette do to you?”

Shelly quickly slapped the right side of Jake's face with the riding crop in her hand and snarled at him. “That's Miss Shelly to you, you greedy prick!”

Natalie had her eyes open wide in horror as she looked at her friend. “What happened to you Shelly?”

Shelly smirked at Natalie and was silent for a minute before she gave an answer. “After I panicked earlier, Miss Annette and I had a quiet chat. I'm feeling much better now and I'm going to give Jake his overdue punishment.”

A smile appeared on Jake's face, but then quickly disappeared. It seemed as if he didn't know if he should be excited or scared.

Shelly knelt down in front of Jake and unbuttoned his jeans. When she started to unzip them, she looked up at him and smiled.

“Shelly, what are you doing?” Jake asked.

She laughed at Jake and looked up at his eyes. “I thought I told you to call me Miss Shelly, you dick.”

“Miss Shelly, please, don't punish me.”

Shelly frowned and repeated his words in a mocking tone. “Please don't punish me... Please don't punish me...” She started to pull his jeans off and saw the wet spot on his boxer shorts. He groaned loudly as he was hit by another bladder spasm.

“Look who just wet himself!” Miss Annette declared.

Though Natalie didn't find it arousing, she watched as the wet spot on the front of Jake's under shorts grew until it was about the size of the palm of his hand.

“Lift your ass so I can get your pants off!” Shelly instructed. Jake did as he was told and she pulled his jeans down past his knees.

“No, please, don't,” Jake begged again as the wet spot on his shorts grew even more.

Miss Aalia returned to the living room, grinning, still carrying her flogger. “Well, what do we have here, Miss Annette?”

Miss Annette grinned at her. “Once I calmed my slave, I decided that she should punish Jake for putting her through all of this misery. It is his fault, after all, that she and Natalie are stuck with us.”

Miss Aalia smiled and watched as Shelly stood up. Shelly looked down at Jake and he looked up at her. His knees were shaking as he waited for his punishment to begin.

*049*2013-11-10 15:09

Chapter 15: Bathroom Fun

Natalie remained seated in her chair, pressing her knees together and straining to keep her pee held in, while Miss Aalia freed Jake from the chair he sat in and placed handcuffs around his ankles. Natalie had her fists clenched and was sliding her butt around. I'm going to leak very soon!

Jake got down on his knees and grabbed his privates through his boxer shorts and Shelly looked down at him and gently rubbed his chin with the riding crop in her hand.

Jake looked up at his former girlfriend, who was now his mistress. “What are you going to do to me, Miss Shelly? When will you let me piss?”

The lovely red-head slapped his chin with the riding crop and a wicked grin appeared on her face. “You'll just have to wait and see, won't you?”

Miss Aalia started to gently whip the palm of her hand with her flogger and looked at Miss Annette. “So, have either of you decided on a punishment for the naughty boy?”

Miss Annette shook her head. “As of yet, we have not. I was thinking about going along with my original idea of having Natalie please my slave with her tongue, while being peed on.”

Miss Aalia folded her arms over her chest as she thought about it for a moment. “Well, I need to punish Natalie still, so why don't we punish her and Jake together? We could send them to the bathroom and put them in the tub. While Natalie is pleasing Shelly and being peed on, we could require Natalie and Jake to hold in their own pee while it's happening.”

“No, I won't be able to hold in my pee if you do that!” Natalie cried.

Miss Aalia narrowed her eyes at Natalie. “If either Natalie or Jake pee without permission, then they will receive a severe whipping.”

Shelly looked at Natalie sympathetically and smiled a friendly smile at her, so she knew that it would be alright.

“Come on Jake, you're coming to the bathroom with me,” Miss Aalia said as she grabbed his arms and forced him towards her bedroom, where the only bathroom in the house could be found.

Jake was groaning all the way there as he begged Miss Aalia not to do what she was planning. “I am not going to be able to hold it in through all of this! Please let me piss.”

Once Miss Aalia and Jake were out of the room, Miss Annette and Shelly freed Natalie and she was allowed to press her fingers over her pee hole as they led her towards Miss Aalia's bedroom.

Once they walked in the doorway, Natalie froze, closed her eyes tight, and bent forward at the waist. She applied extra pressure on the opening of her urethra with her fingers as she quietly whispered to herself, “No, not here...”

Both Shelly and Miss Annette heard her, but only Miss Annette smiled. When Natalie was able to move again, the group of three continued their journey to the bathroom and Natalie started to wonder if her friend had a plan to escape. She's free and I'm mostly free. The two of us could escape together and get away!

But, Shelly made no attempts to flee. Instead, the three of them entered the bathroom, where they found Jake standing in the bathtub, over the drain on one end, with his hands at his sides, clenched into fists.

Jake quickly tried to grab himself through his shorts, but Miss Aalia lashed his bulging bladder with her flogger and he cried out.

“Well, it looks like we're all ready,” Miss Aalia said. “Now, all we need is for the other two to be ready.”

Shelly helped Natalie climb into the bathtub and lay on her back, with her feet by the drain, just centimeters away from Jake's feet, which were now uncovered, as his boots and socks lay on the floor a few feet away.

Natalie pressed her fingers into her crotch and squeezed her holding muscles with all of her strength as she bent her knees, pulled her feet up close to her body and pressed her legs together.

Shelly stripped naked and got into the tub, with just enough room for her to place each of he knees beside Natalie's head, while facing Jake, so she could slowly lower her crotch down towards her face, until it was within reach of her tongue.

With her friend's lovely flower just above her face, Natalie could not put her feelings into words. It was wet with Shelly's love juice and she started to rub her own clit with one hand, while pressing down on her pee hole with the other.

Miss Aalia lashed Natalie's stomach with the flogger. “No rubbing! You are being punished, not rewarded.”

She immediately stopped rubbing as her mistress instructed and then, she waited for instructions before doing anything else. She stared up into the folds of Shelly's womanhood, becoming increasingly horny every second, until she didn't think she could take it anymore.

“Alright Natalie, it is time,” Miss Aalia said. “Begin licking.”

Natalie lifted her head up and stuck out her tongue. She wasn't quite sure where to begin, as she had never done this before. When having the threesome with Jake and Shelly, she hadn't used her mouth or tongue for any part of it, but this time, she was going to.

Starting with Shelly's clitoris, Natalie gently slid the tip of her tongue over it and Shelly started moaning quietly.

“Remove your fingers from your pee hole and spread your legs Natalie,” Miss Aalia instructed. Reluctantly, Natalie did as she was told and she groaned quietly through her open mouth as a small squirt of pee shot out from her urethra and splashed onto Jake's bare feet.

“May I please empty my bladder, Mistress?” Shelly asked, looking up at Miss Annette, barely able to speak.

Miss Annette smiled down at her. “Yes, you may.”

Natalie kept licking while she waited to feel the flow of Shelly's urine. For the first few seconds, she felt nothing, but soon, the warm stream fell onto her lips and tongue, sending droplets flying in multiple directions.

Shelly sighed and reached down between Natalie's legs with one hand and pressed her fingers against her pee hole. With her other hand, she grabbed the side of the tub and squeezed it with all of her strength, all the while breathing heavily.

She must have really had to go, Natalie thought, as the stream flowed for at least a minute. Natalie was so horny and desperate for a piss, that she just couldn't take it. Her sphincter opened up, but her pee did not leave her body, since Shelly had her urethra covered. Without the pressure of her friend's fingers, she knew that her pee would be gushing out of her at full force, all over Jake's feet.

Miss Aalia and Miss Annette folded their arms and watched with smiles on their faces at the scene they were witnessing, as Shelly bowed her head and closed her eyes with a sudden gasp.

