Lisa's Second Secret

Author: Slater

*000*2011-01-05 17:01

NOTE: These are characters from one of my books I was thinking about publishing. I was trying to demonstrate to another author how to utilize vivid description to make their story more interesting. It uses all the descriptive methods I know.

Lisa's 11-years-old in this, and her "imaginary friend" is Ra'ef.

“Lisa! Lisa, get up! We’re late!”

Lisa Scoffer shot up awake. She looked at the clock and noticed the thin radio clock blinking at 6:00. She pulled the bedding aside and skidded her feet into her blue slippers.

“Lisa,” her mother called, “It’s actually seven ten. You have ten minutes to be downstairs and in the car!”

And that was how the morning of this eleven-year-old started. Rushed. Twelve minutes later, she dove into the passenger’s seat of the car with two pieces of wheat toast slapped together and a coffee traveler’s mug filled with orange juice in the other.

She crammed her toast into her mouth, and the dryness prompted her to guzzle down the entire cup’s worth of orange juice in just a handful of seconds. She wiped her mouth on the gray sleeve to her hoodie.

“Lisa,” her mother said looking at her for a moment, “are you sure you don’t want a hair cut?”

Lisa pulled down the visor and flipped open the mirror. The left lock of black hair ran down her face and over her chest, the right lock partially covered her right eye and hung just over her cheek. She combed her left hand through her hair. “No. Someone said they liked it this way.”

Lisa’s mother shrugged, but inward, she smiled. No matter where Lisa went, she always seemed to have a friend somewhere.

As they started pulling up to the school, Lisa made a dreadful realization–she forgot to use the bathroom, her morning pee from 9 hours of sleep having to wait. She bit her lip as she slipped out of the car and strolled through the thin crowd of Elementary students.

The bell rang, unusually loud as Lisa was in the classroom, not walking underneath it, ducking for cover in shock, but held her pee. She turned the corner.

“Ah, Lisa,” Mr. Hartman said sitting on his desk, “You made it just in time. You’re normally early.”

The whole class, all sixteen students, turned and stared at her. Her world was drowned in the center of attention. She looked down and rubbed her left leg against her right and grabbed her right arm with the left behind her back.

She struggled for words. “Sorry.”

“Sorry? To who?” Mr. Harman asked with a jocular attitude.

The students laughed in reply and she took her place in the back left-hand corner. She couldn’t possibly dare ask to use the bathroom just as class began! Mr. Harman was a nice teacher, understanding even, but he was fairly strict when it came to leaving.

Lisa looked down at her lap. Blue jeans. She had wet herself before, but that was in a dark purple, felt skirt, in the lunch line, and nobody seemed to notice. This time, an accident would clearly show up. Regardless, she pulled up her right leg and sat on her tennis shoe, swallowed hard and rubbed the top of her thighs. The Battle of the Bulge had begun.

“Today, we will spend the next two hours to Recess reviewing all that we’ve been doing in the past regarding history. Lisa. Since you came in the nick of time, do you remember what happened in America on 1776? Specifically, a large and important event?”

On July 4th, 1776, America declared independence from Great Britain. Lisa carefully thought through her words, staring blankly forward.

“She’s just so stupid,” one of the boys whispered.

Instinctive survival strategies told her to remain elusive and hide. There were predators in the jungle of the classroom. Should she hold it out, bolt and run, or face them head on?

“Uh, I–don’t remember.”

Mr. Harman frowned. He tipped up the glasses on the edge of his nose and stood up from his desk. “Of course you do,” he said folding his arms.

“I–I–um…”

Mr. Harman stared directly into her soul. “July fourth–what?”

Lisa’s nervousness became sweat as it boiled out of pores in her head, face, and hands. She quivered like a cornered bunny, a coyote with dripping fangs and a rumbling snarl ready to strike.

“Josh?”

“America declared independence from the British.”

“See, even Josh knows that one,” Leon whispered as Mr. Hartman turned to write it on the board. It was Mary Ann who giggled. “Lisa’s IQ must be 0.”

Lisa unwillingly pulled her foot from beneath her to sink in the chair.

“Or negative!” Mary Ann giggled back.

Mr. Hartman turned back around. “Lisa, I know you knew that one, and it will be on the test.”

On and on, Mr. Harman occasionally asked Lisa a question, but time and time again, she denied knowing the answer. And time and time again, her urge to pee got worse. Thirty minutes into class, her bladder was already getting full, asking to come out.

She began rubbing her crotch with her good left hand, squirming in place and freezing every time the class focused on her. Her bladder pushed and flexed, bulging stronger and stronger. But Lisa refused to ask to use the bathroom. There was enough attention on her already.

“And now,” Mr. Harman said erasing everything on the black board, “we begin the test. No books or papers in front of you, just two pencils.”

Every student obeyed, putting books and notebooks on the floor, pulling out writing utensils from the cubby holes in the desks.

Over fifty minutes Lisa endured, but now she had another hour and a half to go till Recess. Thick stacks of paper were passed around. This would be a long fight. Lisa was so nervous she was shaking when she received the test, shaking and bouncing her legs up and down.

As her hair dangled in front of her face she took a quick glance around. Good, nobody was watching her. She disappeared into her own little world, pretending to be hiding from it, and flipped open the first page. Maybe she could go if she finished early.

The questions were fairly easy, most of them. She buzzed through and, for extra credit, started one of three essay questions in cursive. That’s when it happened–a tiny squirt of pee pressed into her small, white cotton panties.

She shrieked, just barely audible. Her concentration and world crashed as she leaned over and crossed her legs.

“Lisa, are you ok?” Mr. Hartman asked.

“Yes,” she squeaked in her childish, high-pitched voice. “Just a mistake,” she quickly lied.

“In college, just note for future reference,” Mr. Hartman stated to the class, “you will most likely be using pens for most of your classes. Be thankful you’re still able to use pencils.”

The class then went back to testing, and Lisa looked at the clock. What? She thought with horror, a whole hour left? She looked back down. Her thoughts began racing, and she slowed. Concentration was split between the history she knew and loved against her willpower and focus to keep holding on to her pee.

Now she felt doomed. There was no way she was going to admit her need for the toilet, everyone would know. She’s been embarrassed before about desperately holding it in the lunch line as usual, as students would watch her round the clock and wait to see if she would make it. She even watched two boys make bets.

Lisa continued to furiously wiggle and bounce in her seat, criss-crossing her legs at five minute intervals. Her essay answer took an eternity. She looked up at the clock when she finished. Only twelve minutes passed. Her face began to crumbling into a longing and desperate look, big blue eyes widening and sparkling with sad hope.

People have various methods of holding. Some grab the crotch, and some cross legs, some do both. Others press their legs hard together. Then there were the dancers and bouncers who sometimes twirled. Some pace. Lisa did everything but dance. She twisted about into different positions, finding some method of holding it. But once it got too comfortable, it became too unbearable, and an adjustment was found.

Her focus was broken again. She was on the last page! And they were all multiple choice questions! She quickly read through them.

Mr. Hartman cleared his voice. “If anyone finishes early, please take your time to look over your test a second time. If you have already done that, you may put the test to the side and continue reading our younger version of, “Red Badge of Courage”.

Lisa moaned to herself. She looked at the clock. Just another twenty minutes. She zipped through the last few questions, closed the test and pulled out the book from the floor. Bending down squished her swelling bladder against her legs and waist. As she leaned back up, a thin, wet psst shot into her white panties again.

She shoved her right hand and grabbed her crotch, clenched tightly, and folded her legs over her fingers. As Lisa opened the book mid-way, she tried to read the first few lines where she left off, but concentration was too hard. Ninety percent of her brain was now focused on her bladder.

Another horrible realization came to her as she felt the swelling grow. Her morning orange juice started pushing through. She knew that it wouldn’t be long till the bladder refused to take commands from the brain and force a release.

But her willpower stayed. She only had twenty minutes. She should make it.

Mr. Hartman walked by. “Are you done?” he whispered.

Lisa nodded.

“Are you ok? You’re face is pale.”

“I’m fine,” she replied quietly.

“Ok. After class, I want to talk to you. Come up to my desk when everyone goes to Recess.

“Ok.”

He picked up her test and curved around the room to another student. This was most unacceptable, but her timidity and shyness could do nothing but comply.

The bell finally rang. More pee penetrated through her crotch, this time spilling a little into her jeans with a tiny dark spot.

“Ok class, pencils down. Close the books. You’re done. Off to Recess.”

All the kids stood up. Lisa struggled to commit her body even to this simple task. Legs squeezed together, she slowly paced herself up the front of the room and stopped before her teacher, trying not to look so obvious. She bit her lip, crossed her legs, and put both hands in her baggy pockets.

When all the students left, he walked around her and sat on his desk, folding his hands. “Lisa,” he began, “you’re one of my favorite students. You don’t make trouble, but you also don’t make friends, either.”

She shrugged. No talk in the world mattered at this point in time. She has to go the bathroom!

“And you don’t seem very confident in class. I know you know all the answers to these questions,” he said picking up her test.

And from that point on, the conversation drifted into a forgetful dream. All Lisa did was nod at what he said and crossed her legs tighter and tighter. And he didn’t stop! He talked on about her performance in school, social life, college, and job life! On and on he went, and she began to feel slightly more comfortable about squirming in front of him. Then she began swinging forward and backward, and then she became fidgety.

“Well, you seem to want to go on your way,” he finally stated. “Go ahead.”

“Thank you!”

Lisa turned and calmly made her way out so she wouldn’t appear so rude, and at the same time, not to get in trouble for running. As she made it out of the classroom, Mr. Hartman shut the door and she began making her way towards the bathroom. It was just down the hall to the left on the way to the double doors leading outside. Any number of kids could walk in at any moment for the bathroom.

There was the bathroom sign! She would make it after all! Her left hand grabbed her crotch again, this time feeling the wetness, but she didn’t care. She walked, her footsteps echoing down the hallway, careful not to run, but walked briskly.

Thirty steps away! She could just feel the porcelain seat on her legs!

Psst-psst… “No, no…” psst… it paused. She waited a moment. Sweat began to run down her forehead, squinted her eyes shut and clenched her fists. She opened.

Nothing.

She took another two steps.

Pss…shhhhhhhh… and like a crackling little waterfall, her bladder ruptured through her unwilling crotch, gently gushing the warm liquid into her panties. Lisa looked down, hair hanging in front of her face as she spread her legs shoulder-width apart, the instinct that let it flow easier.

It gently trickled down her legs as it swam through the denim of her jeans, the heavy amount of pee gushing out of the crotch of her jeans in a pinky-sized stream, dropping to the tile and pattering against it. The empty hallway carried the sound and Lisa listened, taking in slow, deep breaths.

Pee spilled through, thickening in flow, rushing around the back of her legs, hot with anger as rivers split off from the main flow, picking their way through the easiest route down to her calves and spreading out from her small butt and down the back of her thighs. By now, it had soaked the upper portions of her legs and after just twenty seconds of peeing, began dripping from the hem of her jeans.

It continued flowing, now pooling at the hems, and as it is when most girls pee their pants, began puddling from there, her little pee stream’s puddle merging with what came from her legs. Now the back of her thighs were completely oversoaked, and it continued fingering out, the tendrils of darkness almost reaching around the sides of her legs, but instead darkened what was already dark blue into light purple, and spread all over her calves.

The rapid gushing could be heard from twenty feet away, Lisa was sure. She could hear every sound loud and clear. She blinked only twice, and it was when her bladder was only halfway done at forty seconds. On and on she peed for an eternity. She felt violated, hot, somewhat sticky, and embarrassed, her cheeks flushing with red. But at this point, as her bladder’s capacity went below 50%, she felt so–relieved. She let out a heavy, “Ahhhh.”

It was now quickly running down her legs, slick with wetness and flowing through her thick denim jeans without resistance, rushing out of her crotch like an unstoppable waterfall. It pressed into her white socks and her converse shoes, and started to puddle inside them. Some of the pee dripped from her left calf’s hem onto her shoe. Her pee stream still pressed out hard and strong, but most of it was coming out of her right hem, creating a constant dripping and pouring wall of pee.

At this time, she was standing in her own, thin lake as it began hugging around the outline of her shoes. Just as it did though, she felt relief in the fullest.

“Hahhh.” Lisa's bladder began finishing up, warmth still flowing out but her pee stream flicking a bit. It finally stopped running out of her crotch, though pee still continued running down her legs and her jeans, but the main force was gone.

All of this in a minute and twenty seconds of nonstop peeing, and being only 4’10” tall, that was a lot of pee!

Shock of wetting her pants still clung to her as she looked down and stared. She blinked a few times and reality swept in. She had done it. She peed in her pants, and with only a few steps left to the bathroom.

A wave of emotions and thoughts came to her, the strongest which was embarrassment. Any kid could walk through and see her standing in her self-made pool. It began cooling quickly, and a chill ran down her spine.

Lisa lifted her left foot, disturbing the soaking sponge of her pant leg and squeezed a short burst of pee out. She pressed harder and closer, pee continuing to fall. It felt so icky to put her legs together, but it was a necessary icky. She then stepped out wide to the left and pressed her right leg together, straining more pee from her legs.

Fascination set in. I peed all of that? She thought with a bit of admiration. For being such a small little girl, she was almost proud of her deed, to be able to wet that much. But now, her priorities were set straight, and her mind thought about the future.

She ran into the bathroom and hid in a stall, sitting on the toilet, squeezing out a bit more pee. It was no longer warm and refreshing, but cool and hateful.

“My poor, precious little Jewel,” a loving, manly voice echoed between the stalls.

“Ra’ef!”

“Yes, Jewel. Most everyone has an accident at some point in their lives.”

“But I already did before, remember?” she wailed.

“I remember. You were fortunate then. Now we have a problem.”

“I have ten minutes before Recess is over. And the school nurse is on the far other end of the school, what do I…”

“Look into the stall to your left.”

Lisa gulped, but did as told, moving from her stall and into the next one. “I don’t see anything.”

She turned around to close it when she felt a pair of jeans. A beautiful pair of jeans, almost identical to her own, baggy, and the same style and the perfect size. She unhooked it from the door and grinned.

“I don’t know how you do that, Ra’ef.”

“You’re welcome, Jewel. It will be our little secret.”

*003*2011-01-08 14:43

Thanks guys.

*007*2011-01-11 16:51

*Hands mountain made of cookies*

*012*2011-02-14 08:16

{{:

I remember reading this on deviant art :3 Is there a part one?

}}

Technically there is, at least there was. I removed it because it was in very dire need of editing. Still is I haven't written anything about these characters in quite some time. These characters are part of a book I might publish some time in the future. This was sort of a side-story I wrote up for someone else.

Thanks again for the comments. This is one of the few stories I have written I think that never gets old.

*014*2011-07-21 11:34

Thanks for the comments. Sorry I didn't get to you guys, it's been a long while.

Captain Jack, yes I'm interested.

*018*2011-08-11 11:17

Thank you guys. Some of the writing I've been looking at around here as of late is putting me on my toes. I better make my promise count on the Stories from School.

