Let it GO

Author: Peeingbunny

*000*2015-05-02 02:07

It had only been a couple of hours since Elsa left Arendelle. She sat upon her new ice thrown watching the snowflakes form in her hand, then throwing them at the wall to create a neat fractal design. She felt a slight twinge in her bladder. She hadn't been to the bathroom since before her coronation and had had a couple of drinks at the party after, just to be polite. But those drinks had to go somewhere.

"It's not that bad," she thought to herself as she rubbed the top of her stomach. She could definitely hold it a little bit longer and it wasn't like she had anything to do that she was in a rush to relieve herself. Elsa wasn't the type of person who would let herself have an accident, she knew how to control herself.

The wall to her left was covered in little snowflakes as wallpaper. They were all different shapes and sizes and as she looked at it, Elsa realized how unique her powers were. Her abilities excited her and all of the many things that she never realized she could do. She was sitting in a castle made of ice that she made! All of those years hidden away in Arendelle, hiding from her powers! She stood up and reached her hands up towards the ceiling. A series of icicles began to come down from the cathedral ceiling creating a delicate balcony on the upper floor. She smiled and picked up her dress and danced around the main room.

She felt another wave of desperation hit her. She'd gotten desperate quite quickly. Placing her hand on her bladder, Elsa wondered if she would be able to hold it longer. Of course she'd be able to hold it longer, she was Elsa! She was a queen! The least that she could do was control her bladder a little bit longer.

Elsa walked closer to one of the walls and admired the little snowflakes again. Although she always knew that each snowflake had its original pattern, it was something different when she knew that she'd created them. She decided that she would cover the entire castle with little snowflake wallpaper. It was just something to do rather than sit on her throne and admire her handy work. And she would just work her way up to the bathroom. She was barely even desperate to pee.

Taking a step back, Elsa created a little snow storm with her hands that reached all the way up the cathedral ceilings. She let each snowflake gently float to the walls. It was as if the little flakes were kissing the ice as they stuck. It was absolutely beautiful. Slowly she made her way to the delicate ice staircase continuing the snow storm that was swirling around the main floor of her castle.

She reached her foot up to step on the first step and quickly slipped off and fell to her knees. A gasp escaped from her lips as a little bit of pee escaped from her bladder. All of snowflakes turned to sharp icicles and fell to the floor, clanging and echoing throughout the hall. Even the ice queen wasn't immune to slipping on a little bit of ice. Elsa quickly regained control and steadied her breathing. She place her hand between her legs to feel the damage. Her dress wasn't wet but her pale blue panties definitely were.

"It's time for me to get to the bathroom," she muttered to herself with her hand still between her legs. She felt a wave of desperation hit her and she quickly pressed against her pee hole to prevent any more from coming on. Panic came over her, she hadn't felt this desperate just a minute ago! And letting a little bit out only made her have to pee worse! Taking a deep breath, Elsa walked up the stairs. She was nervous and felt her feet keep slipping so she had to walk slow. But she couldn't walk slow for fear of wetting herself. When was the last time she had to pee this bad?

Once, when she was thirteen she had accidentally locked the bathroom attached to her room and couldn't get inside it. She was too afraid to leave her room because she was so afraid of her powers. Her bladder ached but if she left her room someone would know about her powers, as her walls were covered in sheets of jagged ice. She'd just kept her her legs crossed and rocked back and forth. At some point, her parents would have to come visit her and they could get the door open for her.

Her bladder begged for relief. Elsa ran through the halls of her ice castle. She wasn't worried about slipping on the ice anymore, she was too desperate to pee! It was begging to come out and she just couldn't find the bathroom! A wave of desperation hit her and she had to stop suddenly and cross her legs.

"Pee, pee, pee, pee" she muttered as she quickly put her hand between her legs. "Please don't come out! Pee! I need to pee!"

She couldn't remember how long she sat on her bed as a thirteen year old so desperate to pee. But she did remember the tears streaming down her face as she silently begged her bladder to hold on. Someone had to come and rescue them soon! A familiar knock rang at the door. She gasped and then quickly looked down.

"Elsa?" her sister asked.

"Go away Anna! I'm busy!" she yelled back. She squeezed her legs tighter. The thought of letting Anna in to help her open the bathroom door briefly came through her head. She shook her head and thought to herself: "No, I can't. She can't see me."

"Are you okay Elsa?" Anna asked. "You sound like you're crying." Another knock came at the door as Anna silently asked to be let in.

"I'm fine Anna! Just leave me be!" she called back and could hear her sister sigh. And just as Elsa heard Anna's footsteps down the hall, a tiny bit of pee escaped her bladder. She could feel the warmth on her legs and saw the wet patch on her magenta dress.

Elsa snapped out of her memory and back to reality as another spurt of pee escaped darkening her icy blue dress. She had to pee so badly at this point that she didn't even want to take a set forward. She felt herself rocking back and forth and jumping from one foot to the other. Where did she put the bathroom in this place?!

It would be easier to hold herself if she could just get this dress out of the way! She started to pick up her dress but quickly stopped and looked around. A decent lady didn't pick up her dress to hold herself like that! A queen was dignified. A queen could hold her pee and find the bathroom. Elsa let her dress fall back to the floor and removed her hand from her crotch, trying to compose herself again. Another tiny spurt of pee escaped and the dark patch on her dress began to grow.

"No," she said with a calm voice that didn't quite fit her mood, "I am a queen. I can hold my pee." She began to walk slowly across the balcony. Every step was torture as she now refused to hold herself. Elsa's desire for control over her situation took over her desperation.

Shortly after her thirteen year old self let out that first spurt of pee, she began to let out more. She couldn't control herself! Her bladder was rock solid and she could see the bulge through her magenta dress. Squeezing her legs as tight as she could, with her hand between them, she begged herself not to pee. But it was to no avail. Elsa wound herself up tight, doing everything that she could but her bladder had had enough. Her pee was going to come out whether she liked it or not. It started out slow and she tried to stop it but she couldn't even move her muscles. She refused to remove her hand or uncross her legs. Soon, she believed she would be able to gain control again. She wanted to pretend it was just another little spurt. And then the stream became strong and there was no stopping it. The pee came out with such a force that it soaked her dress all the way down to her ankles. It soaked the bed and Elsa let out a moan of pleasure! Oh how good it felt to finally let go!

Back in the ice castle, Elsa wasn't having much luck controlling her situation. A queen could hold her pee until she got to the bathroom but Elsa was beginning to realize that she wasn't that queen. Her bladder was aching and she was no longer walking, but hoping from foot to foot as she tried desperately not to pee. A wave of desperation hit her and Elsa felt to her knees. It was going to come out. There was no stopping it.

"No, I can hold it!" she said to herself, still in denial about her situation. "I'm just going to sit here for a bit." Her breathing became heavy as she looked around her at her surroundings. No, she still wasn't going to lift up her dress to hold herself. Her light blue panties were now completely soaked all the way up to her butt.

Elsa rocked back and forth just like she did that one time when she was 13. Her bladder muscles were becoming fatigued and her pee spurts were becoming bigger and bigger until finally Elsa felt her shoulders fall as she lost control of her body.

"I...I...I can't...I can't hold it," she stuttered ,her body shaking. The pee came out with such a force that she almost lost her breath. She had had to pee so bad and it was such a relief to finally let it go! Leaning back on her hands, Elsa peed on the floor. A moan of pleasure escaped her lips as she found herself placing her fingers in the stream of pee and lightly touching her clit.

The pee dripped off of the balcony onto the floor below. Elsa felt herself collapse into a puddle of her own pee with her finger still rubbing her clit. She began to feel like a firework was exploding inside of her. Her body arched up and she gasped for air as she felt the most pleasurable explosion within her own body. With a smile, she laid on the cold ice. Another bit of pee left her sweet pussy lips and Elsa didn't even care.

