Wet, Wet, Wet! (McFly fanfiction)

Author: Lottieee

*000*2013-12-30 10:46

Hey x This is my first post so I'm really sorry if its terrible

Content: Desperation&Wetting

It was the day of McFly's first interview and TV performance, and it could not have been going worse. Tom's guitar had broken, Danny had twisted his ankle, so he could no longer move around on stage, Harry was getting stage fright and had thrown up, and Dougie was hyped up on energy drinks and sweets. They were still in the car on the way there and so they were lucky that Dougie was using this time to burn off the energy , however, Dougie himself was regretting it as he could feel some pressure in his bladder. He continued to dance around the van, using up his energy, stopping himself from sitting down as it made the pressure worse.

They were in the car for another 30 minutes after Dougie started getting desperate, and it only got worse from there. He eventually sat down in the back, where nobody could see him, and he was holding himself with both hands, squirming around. He breathed a sigh of relief when they eventually arrived at the studio, and then he hopped quickly out of the car. He saw the sign for the men's restroom and began running towards it, however, his arm was suddenly grabbed by a member of the backstage crew and he was pushed on stage and onto a sofa. He let out a small whimper as he leaked into his boxers, making Harry look at him.

'D-Dougs? Y-You okay?' The older boy asked shakily, still nervous with his stage fright.

'I need a wee... I'm going to wet myself in a minute!' Dougie whimpered, squeezing his crotch tighter, his small leakage having only made his desperation worse.

'E-Erm.. I-' Harry started, thinking about how to help his youngest band mate, but then the lights suddenly shot up and the show's theme tune rang throughout the studio.

'I can hold for 20 minutes.. I can hold for 20 minutes... Oh god, no I can't!' Dougie said to himself, trying his hardest not to hold himself on live TV.

'Hey boys! It's so nice to see new bands on here! How are you all doing?' The presenter asked happily, smiling at all of the guys. They all just told her that they were fine and then Tom took over answering the questions. Dougie zoned out, just focussing on not wetting himself, until suddenly, somebody in a clown costume came and jumped on Dougie's back as a surprise, scaring and shocking the boy. He screamed and then he felt his bladder release and he started to cry. The clown got off and took off his mask, looking like he was feeling sorry for Dougie, although nobody had noticed that Dougie was having an accident.

'Dougs? Are you okay? Why are you all wet-... Oh... Erm... Can we cut the interview please?' Danny asked loudly as he sat beside Dougie to comfort the boy, and realised what had happened. The red recording light then went off and Dougie started to cry more.

'Sssh Dougs.. Ssh its okay... FLETCH?!' Tom said soothingly, calling out for their manager.

'What's happened boys? Why did you need to cut the interview?' Fletch asked worriedly as he ran over.

'Dougie's wet himself.. Can you help him get changed while we start the interview over? We'll just say he's ill or something...' Tom asked, flashing Dougie a reassuring smile.

'Sure.. No problem... Come on Dougs, it'll all be fine.. Nobody else has to know..' Fletch smiled supportively, helping Dougie up and putting an arm around the younger boy. He then helped Dougie to get changed while the other guy's did the interview before they all headed home. Dougie was quieter than usual that night, but eventually, the guys managed to calm him down and help him to forget it.

If only they knew about his nighttime problem....

Hope you liked it

