Cremia's journey to Clock Town

Author: random999

*000*2015-03-02 19:38

This is my own take on a scene from The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask .

(original here:

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/AO1UzbRac7o?feature=oembed")

It's by no means perfect, so feel free to suggest some improvements!

(inspired by @Antifairy (no idea how you tag people...) and their brilliant Zelda fics.)

Aliens, her sister had said. Cremia smiled to herself. It was just like Romani to let her imagination run away with her. Although, aliens or not, it had probably helped her shooting skill immensely, especially with that green hat kid helping her. What was he called again? Cremia blinked and remembered what she had been doing - getting ready to deliver the milk into town. It was a long trip - 2 hours, at least, and all the cargo had to get there safely. The reins were in place, and the milk bottles divided up into neat groups of three at the back. She was almost ready to leave. Cremia felt a slight twitch in her abdomen- obviously some of that Chateau from earlier was already making its way down. Maybe I should go now, she thought to herself silently. After all, I might not have another chance...

"Cremia?" asked a voice from below. She turned towards it, and standing next to the milk wagon was the boy with the green hat.

"Oh! Good evening... Link...", she mumbled, remembering his name just in time. Link eyed the horse tied up at the post. "Where are you going?"

"I'm going to town," she replied quickly. "To deliver milk." She wanted to leave at 7 - which would give her enough time to do some other things in Clock Town, namely visiting her friend, Anju. Maybe Link wanted a ride into town too - he certainly deserved it, for being such a good friend to Romani the previous day. She smiled at him and asked if he wanted a ride.

"Sure!" he replied enthusiastically. The clock tower, barely audible across the fields, began tolling- it rang 7 times, echoing across the forest-laden fields.

"That's great." Link climbed up the side, and sat down at the back, next to her precious jars of milk. "Tonight I'm kind of lonely..." She said to him, and, realising that was a bit depressing, quickly added "...I welcome company." She drew back on the reins, whipped them, once, and the caravan sprang into action with a heavy jolt. The sudden tremor bounced her up and down in her seat, and she felt that twinge in her bladder take effect again. It won't get that bad, she reassured herself. It's only a little, and after all, you're a big girl...

An hour later, Link was looking bored. She didn't blame him. The fields, at least in this area, were very dull in colour, and barren as far as the eye could see. However, at least she had something to worry about. Her bladder - empty as it may have been an hour ago - had been steadily filling those past 60 minutes. It wasn't too desperate a situation - yet - but maybe, just maybe, she might have to stop for a break in a bit. Maybe she could start a conversation? Ignoring her very noticeable urge, she began telling Link about her life - the ranch.

"I guess it's been a while now since our father died. I'm trying to take care of the ranch, but things have been getting unstable lately..." She sighed. The day before, she had found some broken bottles by the barn. Who was doing it, she didn't know...

"What kind of unstable?" asked Link inquisitively. He was always ready to help, she noted. Always willing. That was nice to see. "Oh, nothing really," she replied. "Just the cows, behaving-" Without warning, the carriage went over a large bump- and her urge to relieve herself increased tenfold. This complicated things a bit - she would definitely, without a doubt, need to stop soon. She just wouldn't be able to concentrate properly like this, and definitely shouldn't be driving a cart when so badly distracted by her bodily needs.

"The cows behaving like what?" Link continued, having just seen Cremia tense up dramatically from the back of the cart.

"Oh, never mind, I'm sure they're fine..." she responded, and quickly crossed her legs under her dress as she started trembling a little. You REALLY should have gone while you could, she thought, cursing herself for being so punctual. Mr. Barten wouldn't have minded if I was just a few minutes late...

"Cremia! Are you alright? You look really scared!" Link sounded genuinely concerned - but he would probably laugh if he knew what was really troubling her. But this seemed like a good time to stop - her private reservoir was sloshing around a lot, and she knew it would never make the rest of the journey. "Actually, I think we should stop here, for a bit. You know, just to give Mazin a rest." She patted the horse with one hand while placing the other lightly between her legs.

"Ok, whatever you think is best..." Had Link realised her predicament? The wagon drew to a halt, stopping before a crossroads. Cremia delicately stepped down from the wooden platform, and quickly turned to the boy at the back. "Link?" she asked politely.

"Yeah?"

"Can you watch the road for me? This area's a bit... dangerous, especially at this time of night." Her excuse for distracting him had some truth in it - thieves were known to operate at the crossroads, late into the evenings. But Link seemed to follow her instruction, and looked back the way they had come, searching for suspicious figures. This was the most privacy she was going to get, and she hurried into the bushes by the side of the road. She crouched down between some ferns, hitched up her dress, and removed her boots- then carefully drew down her silky white panties. The cold night air instantly began to work its magic on her exposed lady parts, and she felt urine welling up, ready to burst forth. This was a close one, she thought to herself. I should really be more careful in future...

"Cremia!" A shout came from the crossroads, echoing through the trees. She instantly snapped her head towards the voice, almost annoyed that someone would delay her relief any longer.

"Cremia! It's them! It's the robbers!"

He was joking. He had to be. But if they were there, this was the family business at stake. She sprang up and started running towards the caravan, leaving her panties behind in the shrubbery. She stumbled barefoot across the gravel, before coming to the crossroads again - and there they were. Two hooded people, on horses, waving pitchforks in the air, charging towards them and their precious cargo of milk.

"Cremia! Get in!"

"I know, I know!" She clambered back into the front seat, knowing that her bladder could probably take a backseat to the upkeep of the ranch. But not for long, she thought. As the riders drew even closer, she drew back on the reins and they sped off, going a lot faster than they should have been. The air seemed a lot colder now that she had gone commando, and the soft breeze didn't help her situation at all.

Concentrate, Cremia, CONCENTRATE! As much as she repeated it to herself, her legs remained tightly crossed under her dress, her lower lips squeezed tightly together, just in case the worst should happen. But the worst was going to happen. Isn't there anyone to take over the reins? It's not just me, is it? "Link!" she snapped, her usually polite attitude stepping to the side for a moment. "Can you take over the reins for a few minutes?"

He looked confused. She was definitely the better rider, so why would she ask him to do it instead? "I can't drive a whole cart!" he replied, still wondering why she would ask it of him. He probably wasn't lying - but then he asked the dreaded question -

"Why?"

It wasn't worth keeping her desperation a secret anymore- even if she did, he would find out another way. "Link, I need the toilet. Like, I really need the toilet." She could imagine his eyebrows raising, asking himself why someone her age would get as desperate as she sounded. "Look, I need you to help me, somehow... I can't manage all this on my own!" She didn't expect him to be able to do anything, and that was understandable.

"Ok... I'll try to get rid of them with my bow!" replied Link, obviously not as skeptical as she had thought he would be. At least that's something, she thought, still at her limit, and still being chased by two mysterious men. The wind began to blow harder, rippling through the coarse fabric of the wagon's hood, and coursing up her dress, tickling her pussy, encouraging the dam to break.

Come on, it's only a few hundred metres left until the main road, and they won't dare touch you there...

You can do it, you're 17 years old now- what would Romani think?

You can-

A small spurt came loose, and the beads of urine slowly trickled down her leg.

No!

It was the beginning of the end - and that end was coming fast. Despite her efforts, she began to leak more and more, a larger volume of urine escaping each time, until the floodgates finally opened. She could almost feel the surge leave her exhausted bladder, and shoot down her urethra, before splashing down onto her legs and soaking into the wooden planks under her feet, as well as into her dress, darkening the paths it took.

The wagon passed the two buildings that marked the point where the gravel path joined the larger, more defined road, and the hooded figures turned back the way they had came, having failed to take anything. While they hadn't taken anything, Cremia felt she had lost something else - her dignity. It was unheard of for someone her age to uncontrollably wet themselves like a child. Maybe for Romani, who occasionally wet the bed, it was just about acceptable.

But her? It was unthinkable. Neither of them spoke during the last 15-minute trip up the hill to Clock Town. Even though the wet area on her dress had mostly dried by the time she stepped down from the front, she still hung her head in shame. Look on the bright side, she thought. You've defended the family business... well, you haven't really, that was all Link... Link jumped down from the back, looking surprisingly active despite having spent 2 hours sitting down. "Are you alright?" he asked, again showing more maturity than she would have expected.

"Yes, yes, I'm... fine." She looked to him again and smiled. "Mr. Barten will be happy to get his first delivery in a while..." At least there was a bright side; the ranch would stay open, rather than be closed down by those bandits!

She felt he deserved her thanks. "You were pretty cool..." He shifted awkwardly, and she could tell he was wondering where this was going. But he deserved at least something. "This isn't very big... but accept my thanks!" She hugged him close, in an attempt to give something back from what had been a hectic evening. However, he quickly pulled away, and stumbled backwards. "I- I don't want to be rude, but..." He hesitated, then spoke quietly. "You're still a bit wet..."

"Oh." She blushed, taken aback at the reversed roles. "Ok."

"Well, thanks for the ride, anyway!" He wandered off, heading towards the eastern gate of the town. Cremia turned back towards the wagon. She had to clean herself up, buy some new shoes, and possibly some underwear, too... The cargo of milk was still intact, despite the rough journey. And I have to unload all this, too... She heard a faint melody in the direction of the gate, and remembered Link could still help her. She turned towards where he had been going, ready to call his name, but he was nowhere to be seen.

How odd.

(Had to re-italicize all of the thought text, so some of the 'thinking' text might not be formatted properly.)

*002*2015-03-04 17:28

{{: 

Well done. I didn't see that you had tagged me at first, but I'm glad you were inspired by my stories. This is a good improvement from your previous BttF story.

"Link, I need the toilet. Like, I really need the toilet." - This a beautiful line. :( I hope you know that I'm going to steal that line for a future story now.

It reminded me of this story: https://omorashi.org/topic/8447-loz-majoras-mask-romanis-bad-morning/

}}

Thanks a lot! This is definitely an improvement over that bttf story, that was my first omorashi story so it was pretty terrible :P

I'm glad you liked that line - it's how I'd imagine someone conveying their desperation in an embarrassed way, so feel free to steal it.

I hadn't read that story you linked, but I'm glad you did because it's quite well-written.

Majora's Mask is my favourite game in the Zelda Series; within that game, Cremia is one of my favourite characters, and this is one of my favourite sidequests. It makes sense that this story would appear sooner or later.

*005*2015-03-05 07:16

{{: 

I still would love to be smooshed between Cremia's well endowed chesticles.

}}

Who wouldn't?

