Wetting Herself - A teacher's wet day at college

Author: misslunaswift

*000*2014-01-23 23:20

My latest story is called 'Wetting Herself' about a teacher's soaking day at work.

Summary:

Kelly begins her day's teaching at college by searching the lost property for something to wear instead of her urine soaked trousers and panties. She finds a tiny skirt that barely covers her and as the head approaches her it rips and falls back to the floor.

Forced to explain herself she tells the story of just how she ended up half naked in the staffroom.

On the bus to college she’s sat beside two girls who are dying to pee just like her. Luckily they have a bottle to pee into and Kelly tries not to watch as she concentrates on holding in her pee. Finally she just can’t hold it in anymore and runs for the front, tripping onto a passenger and peeing all over his lap.

Passing the bathroom, she hears moaning in there. Peering over the top of a cubicle, Kelly gets a shock when she sees Mrs Eddings with her legs spread and the student teacher swallowing her pee.

Reporting them to the head he comes to see for himself but ends up so aroused he has to take Kelly there and then in the toilets next to the two lesbian teachers.

Afterwards Kelly is accosted by the student teacher who heard what she did with the head. Too desperate to stop and talk, Kelly goes back into the bathroom but the student teacher follows her, joining her in the cubicle and kneeling down, threatenng that if Kelly won’t pee in her mouth, everyone will find out what happened between her and the head.

You can download the first few chapters from my website $$

Or see the book on amazon here USA

/ UK

.

Enjoy the first two chapters whilst I get on with finishing Lucifer angel's requested story!

Luna

Chapter 1 – Soaked to the Skin

I never thought my day at work would begin with rooting through the lost property box in the staffroom, frantically digging through the coats and shirts, hoping to find something to replace my pee stained and still wet trousers before any of the other teachers arrived. I couldn’t have dreamed it would end with me actually peeing into another teacher’s mouth.

I was reaching into the lost property when I wrapped my fingers round something that felt right at last. I pulled it out and nearly swore out loud. It was a pleated black skirt which was good but it looked as it was designed to fit a first year school pupil and not a thirty year old teacher who needed to get to the gym more often. Just how skinny were some of the girls that studied here? Still, there was nothing else remotely suitable so what choice did I have?

I could hear footsteps approaching in the corridor outside, I didn’t have much time. I undid the button on my trousers and peeled them down my legs, shivering as the clammy wetness tingled on my skin as the trousers inched down me. I kicked them off and stepped into the skirt. I was barely able to pull it to my hips and the fabric felt as if it might rip open at any moment. Not only that but the skirt barely covered my thighs. I picked up the trousers just as the door opened and I dashed into the stationery cupboard to hide. I could hear Barry and Susan coming in, grumbling about yesterday’s staff meeting.

“It was bloody typical if you ask me.”

“I know, how is it my fault if they don’t understand algebra? Kids nowadays don’t want to learn.”

I ignored their conversation and concentrated on trying to hitch up the skirt, it barely kept my strip of pubic hair hidden, slung this low on my hips. But if I lifted the waistband any higher far too much of my legs were on show including the damp patch at the crotch of my panties, rendered almost completely see through with still warm urine. Swearing under my breath I tugged the skirt back down as the dampness of my underwear sent a shudder through my body. I could smell the aroma of pee coming from them and realised I couldn’t keep wearing them until they’ dried out and stopped smelling.

I had a free period after my first lesson so I might get chance to drive home and change properly. To the sound of mugs being washed up, I tugged my fingers into my panties and whipped them down in a single movement. I sniffed them; they really did stink of pee, then shoved them behind a pile of A4 pads, reminding myself to collect them once I’d finished my first class.

I felt so vulnerable, I’d never in my life gone without underwear and here I was at work with a skirt so short that the slightest breeze meant I’d be exposed to everyone. I could feel the fabric brushing my bottom but the air on my pussy felt strangely nice, a sense of freedom I’d not felt before, exciting as well to be this naughty at work.

Taking a deep breath, I opened the cupboard door and stepped out into the staffroom. Barry and Susan didn’t even turn in my direction, too busy making coffee, so I tiptoed out to the corridor. I glanced each way first but nobody was in sight, a blessing for me as I strode along the hall, thanking my stars that I always got to work early. I had reached the end of the hall when disaster struck and I froze on the spot. There was a loud ripping sound and the waistband of my skirt split at my hip. I grabbed the two sides of the skirt as it threatened to slip down me to the floor, exposing my nakedness to anyone who might appear.

I held the two sides together and shuffled down the hall, taking tiny steps to try and stop any more fabric tearing. I turned the corner and slid straight onto the freshly mopped floor. My left leg flew out in front of me and I crashed to the floor. My bare bottom hit the cold tiles and I winced in pain. I clambered back to my feet but the skirt remained on the floor. I bent down and grabbed it just as a door opened behind me. I didn’t dare look back, pulling up the skirt before spinning round to see the head standing there, his mouth gaping open. In my shock at seeing him I accidentally let go of the skirt and it fell straight back down to the floor. I grabbed it a second time and this time managed to hold it up with one hand whilst walking towards the head.

“I can explain,” I said, “please let me explain.”

He was blushing as he sighed out loud. “Step in here, Kelly but you better have a damn good reason for flashing yourself in my college.”

Chapter 2 – Bursting on the Bus

I had just finished for the day and was trying to start my car. Dead as a dodo. Mike the head of the mechanics course was walking past and stopped when he saw me struggling. “Anything I can help with?” He wiped his oily hands on his overalls.

“It won’t start, I’ve only had it a week. Damn things.” I tried the ignition again. Nothing.

Mike smiled and opened my door. “Leave it with me; I’ll have a look at it for you.”

I left him the keys and decided to walk home. It took a lot longer than I thought it would, nearly an hour’s fighting my way through crowds of teenagers and kids from the school next door, all streaming home, fighting, shouting, swearing. It reminded me why I preferred to drive to work. I vowed to catch the bus in tomorrow morning.

I got home to an answer phone message from Mike. The car was sorted and he’d leave the keys in his office ready for me to pick up. The next day I woke up early and made my way to the bus stop to catch the first bus. It was the weirdest bus journey I’ve ever had and the most embarrassing I think I’ll ever have in my life.

I paid the driver and walked past the unexpectedly packed rows of seats. I hadn’t thought there’d be anyone else on board this early but it turned out I was way off the mark. I walked past a man who smiled politely at me and then sat myself on the back seat. In the second it took me to sit down I went from fine and carefree to absolutely bursting for the toilet. It’s hard to explain but it was like someone had filled my bladder with water. Not just filled it, but overfilled it with more pouring in every second. I sat perfectly still, hoping the sensation would fade but it just grew stronger instead.

I shuffled into the corner seat as the bus lurched to a halt at the next stop. I was in a lot of pain; my bladder was hurting so much. Two teenage girls climbed on board and came to sit next to me. I was hoping they’d choose another seat as this meant any movements I made would be noticeable. I watched the two of them as they shot apart and frowned.

“I really need to pee,” the blonde one said, placing her hands between her legs and clamping her knees together, shuffling to the edge of her seat as her cheeks turned bright red. “I wish I’d gone before we left.”

“Me too,” her redhead friend replied, sitting on her hands and rocking back and forwards on the seat.

I moaned inwardly as my bladder seemed to expand like a balloon, filling my whole body and my mind so I could think of nothing but finding a toilet and relaxing on to it, letting the piss gush out of me like a waterfall. It became like a fantasy, a dream, all I could imagine was a line of porcelain thrones with me able to take my pick from any of them. I tore my eyes from the two desperate girls and peered out of the window at the passing shops and house, picturing a toilet in each one. This was torture and with each movement of the bus, the fluid in me was sloshing around, trying to force its way out.

“Oh no,” the blonde girl said. “It’s going to come out.”

I glanced across at her and saw a few drops of liquid falling from the edge of her seat. The girl clamped her hands even tighter between her legs, not caring what she looked like in her frantic attempts to hold in her pee.

“Have you got anything I can go in?” she asked her friend, her voice taut with panic.

“I might have a bottle in here,” the redhead replied, digging in her rucksack and pulling out a bottle half full of water. She passed it to the blonde who pulled her skirt to her waist. I pretended not to look but I couldn’t help myself. I was able to watch her reflection in the window and I had a perfect view of her as she pulled her tiny red panties aside and pressed the mouth of the bottle to her urethra. I felt a warning wince of pain from my bladder as I began to jiggle my legs up and down, fighting hard to control my urge to urinate. I shuddered when I heard the hissing sound coming from the girl followed by the echoing tinkle of her yellow pee spraying into the bottle she was holding.

“It feels so warm,” she said, sighing happily with relief. “Oh no, it’s hitting my hand.”

Stray droplets were escaping her urethra so she clamped the bottle tighter to her. The bus bumped over a pothole and the girl’s hand slipped. The mouth of the bottle moved lower and the force of her hand pushed it accidentally into her pussy. She pulled it back out with a wet sound, gasping at the sensation as her pee kept coming out. It hit the back of the seat in front of her for a moment before she was able to get the bottle back into place.

“You better stop soon,” her friend said. “I’m going to wet myself if you keep doing that.”

The girl sighed as finally the last drops of pee fell into the bottle. She held it up to the light. It was nearly full.

“How am I meant to use that?” her friend asked, shoving her arm impatiently. The bottle wobbled in her hand and the contents splashed out, hitting the leg of my trousers. I gasped at the wet warmth on my leg, almost making me lose control of my own bladder.

“Sorry about that,” the blonde said, giggling as she turned back to her friend who had already snatched the bottle from her. She lifted her skirt and shocked me when I saw she wasn’t wearing any underwear at all. Her pussy was completely hairless and as she spread her legs wide I gained an intimate view of her. She even spread her pussy lips with one hand as she pressed the bottle to her urethra. Almost immediately an ocean of piss seemed to gush out of her, overflowing the bottle in seconds and running over her hand before dripping to the floor and trickling down the aisle towards the front seats. The smell of urine was filling the bus, overpowering my senses. I had no choice but to press my hand between my legs as I felt a trickle of piss force its way out of me, dampening my panties. I clenched all my muscles to hold the rest inside me as the driver slowed to a juddering halt.

I shuffled to the edge of my seat as the two girls got up and walked down the aisle, leaving their bottle behind to pour its contents onto the floor. The bus lurched forwards after they left and I glanced at my watch, two minutes to go. My stop was the next one. Could I last a few more seconds? I wasn’t sure. I was wriggling on my seat, my knees banging together as my eyes kept being drawn to the trickle of pee coming out of the bottle on the seat beside me, the strong smell of urine filling my nostrils.

A car cut in front of the bus, forcing it to brake suddenly. I lost control for a moment and another squirt of pee filled my panties. I looked down and saw they had soaked so much the crotch of my light grey trousers had turned dark, the fabric saturated with piss. If I could just stop any more from coming out I wouldn’t humiliate myself.

I got to my feet and with my thighs rubbing together I edged towards the front of the bus. As I passed the man who’d smiled at me earlier, he glanced at me and grinned broadly. At that moment we swerved round a corner and I stumbled onto his lap. My bladder lost control and to my eternal shame I felt a gush of pee soak straight through my panties and begin to run down my leg.

I went to get up but tripped over the man’s bag, falling onto his lap again as more pee began to drip over my shoes and onto the floor. The man was staring at me and then down at his leg, soaking wet from where I’d fallen on him.

“I’m so sorry,” I muttered, my cheeks burning red as I ran to the front of the bus, more pee still flowing from me in a river that felt like it would never stop. I knew I was leaving a trail of drops in the aisle as I made my humiliating way to the front. “Can you stop please,” I asked the driver, unable to make eye contact with him.

“Nearly there love,” he replied. “Can’t open the door while we’re moving can I?”

I stood with my head down as the last drops of pee pooled in my panties, making my pussy and legs warm with the wet heat pressed against them. It felt as if everyone was staring at me and the few seconds it took to reach the stop seemed like a lifetime to me. Finally we came to a halt and I almost fell down the steps, the doors clanking shut behind me as I shuffled into the college car park, feeling my legs chafe as I walked, wanting nothing more than to get into some dry clothes.

Hope you enjoyed the story so far! Check out the rest of the story here

.

