Pokémon and Mixels one shots - Page 2

Author: Lugia

*027*2015-02-27 15:52

{{: 

Just wondering, when do u think you'll get the new story uploaded?

}}

I've just about finished planning out the long story and I'm going to start writing it.

*030*2015-02-28 16:10

{{: 

Can you give me a specific date?

}}

Maybe tomorrow or the day after. I'm not really sure. I've never really written something this long before. Except for school assignments and that Movie script I wrote with my friend in middle school.

*032*2015-03-01 08:34

{{: 

Ok.

You're making it sound like it's really long. I only meant a normal sized fanfic, but this works too. High Hopes :)

}}

Well the thing is what you requested requires more dialogue than the others and I'm having to work that out. And also I've been focusing on other stuff as well and that makes up what I'm doing for most of the day. So I'm working on it a little bit at a time. It really shouldn't be that much longer than the other ones.

*034*2015-03-04 06:14

Finally got it done! Can't say if it's as good as my others but hey at least I tried.

My name is Mikey and this is the story of one of the craziest things I've seen happen to my Pokémon.

I had a total of five Pokémon: Pikachu, Ninetails, Luxio, Arcanine, and Pidgeotto. I was one of the trainers that had a Pokéspeak for each of my Pokémon so I was able to talk to them. None of them liked being inside their Pokéball so I let them stay outside them.

That day I decided to take them all on a walk. We lived in the country so we were always surrounded by nature. The five of them had been very thirsty not long before we left. I asked if any of them had to go before they left but they said they didn't. That would all change later on.

It started half a mile from my house.

Pikachu: Hey Mikey.

Me: what is it Pikachu?

Pikachu: I have to pee.

Me: I asked you if you had to go before we left.

Pikachu: I didn't it just now hit me. And I have to go kinda bad.

Me: well there's a Pokémon center a mile from here that has an area for Pokémon to go at. Do you think you can hold it until then?

Pikachu: I'll try.

Me: okay.

My Pokémon didn't like to go outside unless there was no other choice. So when we camping I set up an extra Tent with bottom removed that they could relieve themselves in.

About a minute later Ninetales wanted me

- Ninetails POV -

Back when Pikachu told Mikey about his need I felt a small twinge in my bladder but I didn't think anything of it.

A minute had passed since then and Pikachu looked a bit uncomfortable but he wasn't desperate. I started to feel a bit of pressure on my bladder but I didn't worry about it. But a few moments later a sudden urge hit me out nowhere and the pressure on my bladder increased greatly as everything I had to drink that morning reached my bladder. I needed to pee bad. So I decided to tell Mikey.

Me: Mikey

Mikey: yeah?

Me: I need to go to the bathroom pretty bad.

Mikey: you too?

Me: sorry.

Mikey: It's fine just try to hold on okay.

Me: okay.

- Luxio POV -

I actually needed to pee too but I didn't want to say anything because I thought I could hold it but half a minute later a felt a jolt in my bladder that told me that I had to say something.

Me: Mikey I have to pee pretty bad too.

Arcanine: Me too.

Pidgeotto: Me three.

Mikey: C'mon guys just hold on.

- Pikachu POV -

I was starting to get pretty desperate and I could tell everyone else was too. I had actually started squirming and so had everyone else. I didn't think I could hold it in until we got to the Pokémon and a sudden jolt in my bladder confirmed it.

Me: Mikey.

Mikey: What is it Pikachu?

Me: I don't think I can hold it until we get to the Pokémon center.

Ninetails: Same here.

Luxio: Same.

Arcanine: I know I can't.

Pidgeotto: Me neither.

- Mikey POV -

I looked at my Pokémon and I could tell they were desperate. So I decided to take them back to the house. I had disposable mats that were made for Pokémon to pee on. It absorbed their urine and afterward I threw them away since they were one time use only.

It took about 20 minutes to get to the house and by that time everyone had their legs crossed and their paws pushed against themselves. I walked up to the door but as soon as I put my hand on the doorknob I remembered something.

Me: Guys I just remembered that we're out of those mats.

Pikachu: what are we supposed to do then?

Me: well I guess you could just use the bathroom like humans do.

Ninetails: okay.

I decided to just wait outside for them so I just opened the door to let them in. None of them had used a bathroom before but I was sure they could figure it out on their own. And if they learned how to use a bathroom then I wouldn't have to worry about buying those mats.

- Pikachu POV -

As soon as we were in the house we all ran to the bathroom but when we got there I realized something.

Me: hey does anyone here know how to use a bathroom?

Everyone just shook their heads and I became worried. I knew we had to do something quick.

Me: okay let's just search the house for somewhere else we can pee at.

We searched around the for twenty minutes but were unable to find anything. It was obvious that everyone's bladder was full at that point including mine. We all had our legs crossed as tight as possible and our paws, or in Pidgeotto's case wings, pushed firmly against ourselves. I had to stop and bend over whenever I felt a wave of desperation.

After another minute of searching we found a potted plant. We all immediately ran to it hoping to finally be able to relieve ourselves. But when we got to it we saw that it was smaller than we thought.

Ninetails: it looks like only one of us will be able to use it.

Luxio: but which one of us?

While they were talking about who gets to use the plant I felt a huge wave of desperation that caused me to leak several drops. I couldn't wait any longer.

Me: I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE!

I ran to the potted plant and got on top of the pot. I then aimed at the soil and began relieving myself. As soon as I did everyone left because their bladders were already full and watching me would make things worse for them.

I let out a huge sigh of relief as all my pee left my body. It felt so good to finally let it all out. Urine poured out of my bladder in a yellow stream before being absorbed into the soil. The aching pressure in my bladder disappeared as all the liquid left it. I continued peeing for about two minutes before the stream died down into a trickle and stopped.

Me: I feel so much better.

I then noticed that the potted plant was almost overflowing with my pee. I then went to the others who were in the area by the front door trying to think of somewhere they could go at. I decided to sit down and help them.

- Mikey POV -

Me: I wonder what's taking them so long

I went inside to check on them and the first thing I saw was my Pokémon talking to each other about something and they all had their legs crossed as tight as possible with their paws/wings jammed between them except Pikachu for some reason.

Me: Guys what's going on?

Ninetails: well none of us knew how to use a bathroom so we looked around for somewhere else to go.

Arcanine: we found a potted plant that Pikachu ended up using.

Luxio: but the rest of us still have to go really bad!

Pidgeotto: Yeah I don't think I can hold it in much longer. *bends down from a wave of desperation*

Ninetails: what're we going to do Mikey?

I looked at all of my desperate Pokémon. It was obvious that they all had full bladders and were all at their limit, especially Pidgeotto. He looked like he was extremely close to wetting himself although the others weren't far behind. I decided to explain how to use a bathroom to them. So we headed toward to bathroom.

- Arcanine POV -

I followed at the back of the group. I was moving slower then the others because I was afraid of losing control by moving to fast. Before I could make it to the next room however I stumbled and I had to remove my paw from between my legs and put it on the ground to keep my balance. But as soon as I removed my paw from between my legs the floodgates opened and I started wetting myself.

Me: no....

Pee gushed out of me like a waterfall. It cascaded down my legs and into the floor as it escaped from my bladder. The puddle around my feet grew larger as my bladder continued to empty itself of all the liquid that was inside it.

My bladder continued to empty itself for about 2 minutes before the flow of urine finally stopped. The puddle was large enough that it completely surrounded me. All I did was stand there with my head hung in shame and tears streaming down my face. And then Mikey came back.

Mikey: Arcanine everyone's waiting what are you-

Me: I'm sorry

Mikey: it's okay you had an accident. It could happen to anyone. I'll get something to clean up your accident and you.

- Pidgeotto POV -

Mikey told us about Arcanine's accident and said we would have to wait a few minutes while he got her and her accident cleaned up. I could swear that I could feel my already full bladder filling up with even more urine the whole time. I was at my absolute limit and I wasn't sure if I could hold it until he got back.

After about 4 minutes of waiting I felt a huge wave of desperation and I had to bend over and press my wings harder against myself to stay in control. I felt like I was going to burst at any moment. About a minute later Mikey came back with Arcanine and told us to follow him into the bathroom so he could explain to us how to use it. I was going to follow him but the moment I lifted my leg to step forward a spurt of pee escaped so I quickly put it back on the ground. I knew then that if I moved from that spot I would wet myself.

Mikey: hey Pidgeotto come on.

Me: Mikey I can't move.

Mikey: what?

Me: if I move I'll wet myself I just know it!

Mikey: okay hold on a sec.

Mikey went to kitchen and came back a moment later holding a cup which he sat down right in front of me.

Mikey: here go in this.

Me: I don't think that's going to hold it all Mikey.

Mikey: okay.

He took the cup back to the kitchen and returned with a bowl that he sat right in front of me.

Mikey: okay when you're done come get me so I can empty it out and clean it. I'll be waiting in the bathroom with the others.

Me: thanks.

I decided to wait until he was out of the room before I used the bowl to relieve myself. Once he was out of the room I carefully moved my wings so they wouldn't be in the way of the stream. I then aimed into the bowl and started peeing into it.

The amount of relief I felt as I finally released all of the urine I had been holding in was one of the greatest I have ever experienced. All of the liquid left my body with force in a yellow stream. I let out a big sigh of relief upon feeling the pressure on my bladder dissipate as it was being emptied of every drop of pee it was holding which poured into the bowl in front of me. I continued peeing for about two minutes before the stream died down into a trickle then stopped.

Me: I feel so much better. I thought I was going to explode.

I then noticed that the bowl was almost half full and it was obvious that there was more pee than the cup would've been able to hold. I went to get Mikey so he could empty it out and clean it.

- Luxio POV -

Mikey told us to wait in the bathroom while he cleaned the bowl Pidgeotto used. I almost lost control a couple of times while we waited but I was able to stay in control. A couple of minutes later Mikey came back and explained how to use a toilet to us. It was pretty straight forward. All we had to do was go in the toilet then pull the handle on the side down when we were done. Ninetails asked how she and Arcanine were supposed to squat over it and he told her they could just sit on it with their legs spread apart. Eventually we decided to let Ninetales go first because she was about to wet herself so I was going to have to wait until after she was done.

After about thirty seconds I felt a big wave of desperation that caused me to leak several drops and I had to push my paw harder against myself to stay in control. But even after the wave passed I continued to leak drops of urine onto the floor. I had reach the point where I could wet myself at any moment.

Me: Mikey can I use the bowl Pidgeotto went.

Mikey: Luxio I just cleaned and I don't want to have to clean another one.

Me: but Mikey I have to pee so bad. And I'm about to wet myself I know I am!

Mikey: okay you can go in the sink then.

Me: thanks

I headed toward the sink but I was so desperate that I only took baby steps and I didn't think I would make. But then Mikey picked me up, hurried over to the sink, and sat me down next to it.

Me: thanks.

Mikey: no problem I'll be by the front door with the others.

As soon as he left the room I lifted my leg, aimed into the sink, and began emptying my bladder.

I let out a huge sigh as relief washed over me. I was so glad to finally let all of my pee out. My bladder was running like a faucet as urine poured out of me and into the sink like a yellow waterfall. It felt so good to empty my bladder of everything inside it and have the aching pressure dissapear.

I continued to empty my bladder for about two minutes before the stream died down and then stopped. I let out one last sigh before rinsing the sink out and heading to where Mikey was.

- Ninetails POV -

After Mikey and the others left the bathroom I shut the door. I then went over to the toilet and carefully climbed up onto it. Once I was standing on the seat I carefully sat down and spread my legs apart like Mikey said. I then relaxed myself and peed.

I felt completely relieved as my bladder was being emptied of everything it contained. It felt so good to finally let it all go. All of my pee exited my body with force in a yellow stream that flowed into the toilet. The pressure on my bladder began to disappear as it was being drained of all the urine inside. I let out a sigh of relief as the stream died down into a trickle before stopping completely.

Once my bladder was empty I flushed the toilet before heading to where Mikey said he would be.

- Mikey POV -

As soon as Ninetails got back we went outside and resumed our walk. I couldn't help but think about everything that had just happened. The whole thing just seemed completely crazy.

And after that day I never had to anymore of those special mats because now all of my Pokémon use the toilet when they have to go.

*036*2015-03-04 16:33

{{: 

AMAZING WORK!!!!!! I absolutely loved that story!! And I loved how you used the bowl and the sink! :D Thank you sooooooo much!!!!!!! :D

If it wouldn't be too much work, could you make another one with the same pokemon plz? I have another scenario. They're in the big city on they're way to a new gym. On their way they all get desperate again. So he rushes them back to a pokemon center, but someone I'll let u decide doesn't make it. They run to find a bathroom but all they have are the family ones with one normal toilet. So he has 2 pokemon go in the toilet and 2 go in the sink. One wets him/herself while waiting. One is about to wet him/herself but Mikey has a plastic cup so he/her starts peeing in it but it starts overflowing so Mikey has who's peeing in it stop so he could empty the cup and bring it back. He starts peeing before Mikey can make it back in time but dosent entirely wet him/herself. Everyone else makes it.

If you would make this that'd be amazing!!! I could probably repay you and I'd write a fanfic for you :)

}}

I'm glad you liked it. And it would be my pleasure to write another story about them. You understand it will probably take the same amount of though right?

*039*2015-03-05 08:19

{{: 

I'm ok with that.

3 things though

1: can u add a quilava to the team plz?

2: in the poke center bathroom, can their be a small potted plant in the corner? ;)

3: for the disposable cup that he has, can you change it into a water bottle and add something about it being hard to aim? Thanks in advance

Btw- after this, I owe you one. You name the pokemon(s) and the scenario and I'll try and get it up ASAP

}}

Okay will do. And I already have something in mind for your story. And I just want to make sure I got all this right: you want one of the Pokémon to wet themself on the way to pokemon center, one that goes in a bottle that overflows when they're only half done, one that wets themself while waiting, one that goes in a sink, one that goes on the toilet, and one that possibly goes on a plant that just happens to be there?{{

When you say anthro, do you mean a Pokemon turned into an anthro, or just no pokemon that stands on two legs?

It would be awesome if you could do something with Zangoose. (I guess it can stand on 4 legs too :v) I'm not sure how it would start or the main plot, maybe exploring a forest/the wild, far from anyone else, and not putting a lot of thought into relieving herself due to not wanting to loose any daylight. But in the end I'd imagine a nice happy relaxing relief, emptying a day's worth of pee as she admires the starry night sky, as it's finally become night time and she can finally rest until the next day.

Hopefully I'm not too specific. :v

}}

Yeah I mean pokemon turned anthro. I don't like that anthro stuff so I refuse to write it. And I'm gonna need a little more info for the story.

And to both of you: I'm not going to start on either one of these right away. For two reasons: 1. I want to work on the other requests I got here (the Vulpix and Lopunny ones) first. And 2. I'm to take a short break from writing because that last story seems to have drained the omorashi creativity from my mind so I have to wait for it to come back. It shouldn't take too long though.

*043*2015-03-06 09:33

{{: 

Yeah, I'm on the same boat with you there. I'm not a big fan of anthro pokemon things.

Sorry for not a whole lot of detail. I'm not extremely knowledgeable when it comes to pokemon, so I had a thought that maybe you could fill in some gaps.

So following my original idea, saying that the Zangoose would be exploring the wilderness. Throughout the day, she would be getting more desperate. Maybe having to take drinks from ponds/bodies of water to keep hydrated. Although she wouldn't want to lose any day light and time just to relieve herself, shes very confident saying to herself that she can hold it. Maybe she has a large bladder after so many days of experiencing the same kind of situations, and eventually training herself take hold large quantities of urine. Maybe some situations and rough terrain might jeprodise her ability to hold it.

Maybe walking through marsh land/water, having to climb trees, tripping over branches, hiding from other potentially dangerous pokemon forcing herself to stay still to not give herself away. But at the end of the day, the sun has already begun to set, and she's found a nice place to spend the night, maybe in a field of tall grass at the edge of the forest (grass possibly going up to her waist/shoulders? Idk why a field of tall grass, I just think its interesting. Maybe grass is comfy to sleep on :-p) Her bladder is so full after the whole day of holding and she finally squats down and is able to stream out a days worth of pent up steaming pee. After that she is exhausted and finds a nice place to sleep, and is able to doze off until the next morning.

Alter what you will, just some ideas I've thrown together.

And take as much time as you want. Better quality than quantity. And thanks so much for considering this idea. I'd try writing it myself, but pokemon isn't a thing I know a lot about.

}}

Okay got it.

{{: 

Hey lugia, can I write a fanfic about Mikey's pokemon party here? (I just want permission before I start writing)

}}

Go ahead.

*045*2015-03-07 17:47

{{: 

Ok thanks. I have a couple ideas and I didn't want 2 stress u

}}

Ok

*048*2015-03-08 05:34

So far so good.
