A Prince's Quest for a Bulging Bride

Author: OrionsBelt

*000*2023-06-27 04:42

Hey all! This is a story I thought up kinda on the fly. After posting a very explostive, story driven chapter in "The Green Dam and the Water Golem", I wanted to write something a little shorter, easier and more fun that I kinda spitball together and update occasionally. It'll serve as a nice break after the struggle I've been having recently!

This story is loosely inspired by "The Never Pee Land", a great story about extreme desperation in an interesting setting. The story features male desperation, which isn't my cup of tea, but I thought it was a great story nonetheless.

$/41590-the-never-pee-land/?do=embed&comment=1406138&embedComment=1406138&embedDo=findComment#comment-1406138"

I wanted to write a story with a similar premise but with female desperation, and this is what I came up with! I hope you enjoy the read and feel free to provide some feedback! I always love reading your guy's comments!

Now, on with the show!

Character text colors:

Spoiler

Prince Barone

King Juelas

Servant Girl

###

A long time ago in a land far away…

A small kingdom lived during the dawn of the middle ages. This kingdom is one not of great power, but of great peace. A kingdom based on the values of neutrality, equality, and love of its people. A truly respectable nation indeed, where even during a time where wars raged and power struggled to find a solid head, this kingdom swore to peace and neutrality.

Royalty during this time was expected to seek and gain land and power, alliances and rivalries formed and broke, resulting in the tumultuous and poorly documented span of time we've come to know as the dark ages.

Many of the alliances between nations, ill-fated or otherwise, were the result of political marriages between royalty. Kings marrying queens, heirs marrying heirs, nations being married to each other solely on the basis of a single marriage between their royals.

However, this little peaceful kingdom was different. Founded on the belief of neutrality, this small kingdom refused to aggravate nor alliance with its neighbors. This included the infamous political marriage. Thus, the royals of our fair kingdom always married those within their borders, based on love and compatibility, rather than on political advantages and strategy.

Yes, the king always married a woman of his dreams, to which his heir would do the same as a prince, wed to a woman that would eventually become a princess and eventually a queen as the prince gained the throne from his father when he was deemed unfit to rule due to age or illness.

Thus the cycle continued happily and steadily for generations as the bloodline grew rich and famed as a stable, peace-loving, egalitarian royal family.

* * *

One fateful day, the king of our story, King Henry Juelas IV, addresses his lone son of 21 years, Prince Richard Barone III, with a lecture all kings of the kingdom eventually give their sons.

"Richard. You are now a young lad that I am proud to have as my son, and as my heir."

"Father, thank you. Everything I have learned is a result of your fair rule and lessons you passed down to me." Barone knelt on one knee.

"Yes, however God has made us mortal, our flesh and bones will eventually rot and my mind will not be as sound as it is now as a ruler. Eventually I must step down and you must take my place."

"Of course father. I would be honored to take your position when the time comes."

"And, every king needs a queen to stand beside him, to love him, to relax him, and to provide an heir to our faithful bloodline."

"Yes, father."

"You will find yourself a loving woman to be made your wife, and eventually, your queen. You may choose whoever you wish, with whatever method you wish, as long as you love her and she loves you. Only then your love will prosper, and your marriage be revered, and fruitful, along with your rule."

"Of course, father. I will get to work at once to find my perfect woman to be made at once. I'll be off!" Barone sped out of the throne room, eager to find a woman fit for him.

Prince Barone had been waiting for this moment to come for years. Given approval to find his beloved had been something he'd dreamed about for years, and now he can make his fantasies come true.

Prince Barone was a handsome, sharp, fit royal from his studies and athletics that many women regarded him as the most charming Prince the royal bloodline has seen yet. He was a natural hit with the ladies, and many of them would do anything to be made his princess.

Prince Barone had one quirk about him, however. He very much enjoyed the appearance and behavior of a very full bladder. Even as a young man his servant girls and maids worked tirelessly with very few breaks, leading them to hold very full, bulging bladders in their skirts. He would often hear them whine and complain of failing to find relief for hours, if not days. He would regularly catch them squatting in corners and on the royal lawn, finally giving into their desperate need, begging the prince not to spill the beans to his father, all the while still pissing gushers, unable to stem the flow.

The plight of the service girls is a result of only a single chamberpot in their dorms. Two dozen girls would only have a short time during their breaks to relieve themselves, and when they came, a line formed full of desperate, squirming, bulging-bladdered girls. And the chamberpot could only hold so much piss, only a few girls were able to have the privilege to relieve themselves before it was filled to the brim with urine, and was unable to hold any more desperately needed pees until it could be emptied. The royals the girls served would be more than understanding enough to provide a solution, but the situation would be so embarrassing none of them were willing to speak up.

* * *

Barone’s most enjoyable experience was catching a particularly beautiful servant girl using his chamberpot, thinking that he had gone out for a long time. She begged him not to report this incident and have her dismissed, and the Prince did no such thing, on the condition that she hold her piss for him. Three full days passed without passing her waters, all while having to complete her duties and stay hydrated. By the end of the third day the poor girl was begging the prince for relief, with claims that she would explode any moment and with her bladder bloated like that of a pregnant woman on the verge of going into labor. The night of the third day, the Prince called the servant girl to his quarters. She stood there, clutching her nethers, legs twisted in a knot, with a throbbing, bulging, sloshing bladder full of her waters.

“My prince… I am at my limit! I simply cannot hold a minute longer, I have been pushing my poor peehole back with my hands to avoid soiling my dress. I feel my poor urethra full of hot piss and my bladder… my bladder is so full and bloated… I’ve never felt such pressure in my life… Please, your highness, let me take a much needed pee…”

“You poor servant girl. You have done well to hold such a vast amount for such a long time. While I would be lying in saying I did not enjoy your struggle, I believe your restitution is complete for using my personal chamberpot. You may relieve your burden of urine. I am even letting you use my personal privy that you have originally committed your grievance.”

The servant girl didn’t need to listen any longer, she bolted to the Prince’s privy and painfully went through the process of undoing her uniform, hopping from foot to foot in desperate fervor, while the prince watched in the privy doorway. Finally, the poor servant girl was able to tear down her undergarments and slammed her curvy hindquarters on the chamberpot rim. She immediately started a waterfall of piss that echoed violently in the pot, while she moaned and lolled her tongue out at the immense relief she felt after forgoing the restroom for three entire days. Her massive bladder bulge deflated slowly as she urinated, still with the force of a rapid river, as she clearly enjoyed her relief.

After several minutes of non-stop pissing, the servant girl finally relented her stream as it slowed to a trickle to eventually just a few drops. With a loud sigh of relief, she stood up, her butt imprinted with the rim on the chamberpot from such a long piss. The chamberpot was completely full from being empty just minutes before, a light yellow ocean of urine rippling in the container. The servant girl’s behind was speckled with the backsplash of her torrential relief, as the prince handed her some paper to dry herself.

“Thank you my prince… I am truly grateful for you to let me be relieved, and to let me off from my misjudgement.”

“You are very welcome. You have done well to hold on for so long. Now, do not let me catch you again using my personal privy or I will make you forgo relief for six days instead.”

Barone lied, he would love the servant girl to defy him so he could enact an ultimatum to have her hold for even longer, seeing what kind of bladder bulge and capacity she was capable of.

“Of course, my prince, I will never do it again, I bid you farewell!”

And with that, she was on her way.

* * *

The prince’s enjoyment of a woman’s bulging, desperate bladder was not limited to his servant’s. He wishes for his bride to have the biggest, most capacious, most bulging bladder of the kingdom. In fact, it would be his main requirement for a wife. He sped quickly to his quarters to prepare an announcement to the kingdom that he was looking for a wife to be made his princess. The primary requirement? The woman to be made his bride must hold her waters for no less than 100 hours, while drinking what is demanded of her.

To be continued.

OrionsBelt Twitter:

%https://twitter.com/OrionsBelt_omo

*005*2023-06-29 08:35

Character Text Colors:

Spoiler

Prince Barone

Amelia the Servant girl

Cecilia

Sonya

Mary the Cow

Almost a year has gone by since Prince Barone announced his quest for a wife, and he had not found a woman that could hold for as long as he wished. The attractive prince certainly had plenty of pursuers in the kingdom, everything from noble women and their daughters to peasants and the daughters of famous merchants to even nuns willing to revoke their oath to Christianity for the chance at the Prince’s love. None of them were able to hold the 100 hours the Prince had required of them. The farthest any of the female candidates could muster was a little over a day at 30 hours. Certainly beyond respectable for any normal person, but the Prince simply wasn’t satisfied. Most of those offering their love to him could barely last it through the day. Granted, all of the women that came forward to him certainly did their best; Prince Barone got to see some truly desperate women as they hung on as long as they could even with their relatively meager bladders.

The Prince sighed in his quarters, looking wistfully out his window at the setting sun, wondering if anyone out there in the kingdom was capable of fulfilling the role as his wife and princess. Perhaps he should tone down his requirement, make it 50 hours, instead? He recalled the servant girls that routinely clutched their bursting, pulsing, sloshing bladders with days of piss. He could make one of them his wife, but still the Prince did not want to settle. He felt that the only woman he could truly love was one absolutely pregnant for days, if not weeks, with a burden of boiling, frothing piss inside.

A knock came on the door to his bedchamber.

“Yes, come in.”

“My Prince, you have a visitor.” A servant girl peeked into his room. It was the same one that he had hold for three agonizing days for using his chamberpot. Barone eventually came to know her as Amelia.

“Who is it, Amelia?”

Amelia presented herself. As was the norm at this point, Amelia had a hardy, noticeable bulge in her belly. The situation with the servant girls had not been addressed, even a whole year later. It’s clear Amelia was still under its effect, as she shivered and squirmed and lightly bobbed her legs after holding her urine perhaps all day.

“It’s a maiden, wishing for your attention with the hopes to be your wife.” Amelia stated with a bit of a shiver in her voice. Her eyes eyed the empty chamberpot in Barone’s privy, just past the open door, looking enviously upon it as her bladder pulsed with urgency and need.

The prince perked up. It was rather late to be taking visitors, but the hope that this could be the one to be encouraged him to investigate.

“I’ll be right down.”

* * *

The light of dusk glowed through the windows of the castle’s main hall, where Prince Barone could see a woman waiting patiently at the bottom of the stairs. Her smooth peachy-pale skin glowed with the light of the setting sun. She was short, no more than five feet and two inches, and she had a bit of weight she carried well around her midsection, as well as her large bosom, thick thighs, and curvy behind. She wore a simple but attractive dress and tights, perfectly formed around her figure, with her dirty blonde hair flowing in soft curves. The prince found her to be rather cute in appearance, enamored by her looks upon first impression. However, he had his own unique standards she would have to achieve in order to win his love.

“Welcome to the castle, I hear you called for me?”

“My prince, it is so good to finally speak to you, I have waited eagerly for the past year for our meeting. My name is Cecilia.” She bowed to the prince.

“It is lovely to meet you, Cecilia. I hear you have come to try to win my love and be made my bride?”

“Ohh yes my prince. I find you simply dashing and charming when I see you out in public, and I will do whatever you wish to earn the right to be your bride.” Cecilia flirtatiously began squeezing her breasts together between her arms.

The prince caught himself eyeing up her squished mammaries, and even felt a slight erection perk in his trousers.

“I’m sure you know it will take more than a little flirting to persuade me.” The Prince crossed his arms.

“Oh, of course. I’ve heard rumors about what you wish to find in the woman that have already come to you. I assure you I am ready.” She gave a playful little wink.

“I see. Word had to travel eventually. What makes you think you are better prepared than the other woman who has come vying for the place as my bride?”

“My prince, I would have come as soon as you announced your quest. However I wanted to be sure I was ready. I had a large bladder to begin with a year ago, it was something I was most proud of and enjoyed. However, I have spent the past year making sure my bladder and I we’re ready to meet your demands.” Cecilia said proudly.

Prince Barone’s interest was piqued to the fullest extent possible. Finally, had he found someone who would fulfill his dream of a massive-bladdered wife to be his princess, and eventually his queen?

“Hahaha, I see the rumors you’ve heard are rather accurate. I admire your commitment and I rather fancy you, I do hope your claims of a large bladder hold up.”

“Of course my prince! In fact, I’m happy to report I had not felt relief since waking up this morning, and I barely even feel the least bit of pressure in my bladder.”

“That is good to hear, Cecilia. Come, it is getting late, let me show you to your chamber where you will rest for your stay here while I judge you.”

* * *

Cecilia and Barone conversed further, idle talk to get to know each other. Cecilia was the daughter of a successful tailor in the kingdom, and she was taught as a seamstress in her father’s business, making beautiful dresses for nobles and cheap yet good clothing for the farmers and working-women of the kingdom. She found it rather enjoyable, and would spend all day and even nights working on her craft. This is where her large bladder came in handy, as she worked for hours and hours without the thought of a relieving piss, and sometimes being so exhausted from a day’s work that she would collapse into bed with a ragingly full bulging bladder in her abdomen that would not leak a single drop until the morning after, perhaps even longer. Prince Barone was impressed with her account, but was far more interested in her actions rather than her words.

The prince showed Cecilia her plain but serviceable room she would be staying in for the duration of her test. It was just down the hall from the Prince’s bedchamber. The room had its own chamberpot, but the Prince had it removed for obvious reasons.

“You should be all set. Be sure to get plenty of rest, as the true nature of your test would begin the next day. Speaking of which, I have a little present for you before you go to sleep.”

A servant girl quickly caught up to the Prince with a large jug of water, equalling five liters of clear, cool liquid.

“Your very first task is to drink this jug in its entirety before you rest.”

Cecilia looked upon the large, heavy jug. Five liters was certainly more than she was used to drinking, but she knew if she wanted to win the prince’s love she would have to get serious.

“Yes, my prince!”

Cecilia took the heavy jug and immediately took large chugs out of it. She could feel the cool water hit her stomach and quickly fill it up. She took some breaks to catch her breath, while Barone casually observed her slurp up her tasked liquid.

A few minutes and five liters later, Cecilia pulled the empty jug away with a huge sigh, her abdomen already distended from just the water in her belly.

“Well done Cecilia. I have high hopes for you, I do hope you don’t disappoint.”

“I will not, my Prince, I’ll hold for as long as you possibly wish me to. You are the master of my bladder, and I will not release its contents until I get your permission.”

“That is what I love to hear. Goodnight, sweet Cecilia!”

“Goodnight, Prince!”

* * *

The sun shone on the great kingdom once again; the next morning had arrived. Prince Barone was eager to check in on his newest subject, as he opened the door to Cecilia’s chamber to greet her. There he found a naked Cecilia, getting ready for a bath.

“EEK!” Cecilia tried to cover herself with a cloth towel.

“Oh dear! My apologies!” Barone covered his eyes to avert seeing Cecilia in the nude.

“Oh! It’s you my prince! Forgive me, I didn't mean to yell.”

“No, I’m sorry for forgetting to knock. I was just eager to know how you slept and how you were doing.”

“Hehehe~. That’s very thoughtful of you. You don’t need to cover your eyes, I don’t mind if it’s you.”

The prince lowered his hand to find Cecilia’s curvy form dipping her toes in a preheated bath. Her behind and thighs looked voluptuous and smooth, with a small chubby tummy and large breasts with appointed nipples greeting Barone’s vision. His pelvic member stiffened at the sight.

“Ahhhhhhh…” Cecilia sighed as she lowered herself into the warm bath.

“How did you sleep last night?”

“Very well! These royal beds are so soft and luxurious. Even the sheets and blankets felt heavenly on my nude body.”

“You sleep in the nude?”

“Yes! Especially during the summer. I enjoy the feeling of being nude. It’s freeing and exhilarating. When my father would leave to do errands I would walk around the home nude enjoying the freedom of it. The summer sun feels warm and cozy on a nude body, as does the crisp, refreshing breeze in the spring or fall.” Cecilia began washing herself with a washcloth.

“How very interesting. If you are to be made my bride, I’ll be sure to give you time in the courtyard for you to frolic in the nude should you wish.”

“Ooooh! That sounds lovely!”

“How is the state of your bladder, Cecilia?”

She shrugged. “About the same, the water from last night certainly makes it feel heavier and fuller, but I don’t feel a pressing need to go just yet, although I’m sure that will change soon.”

“I’m sure it will. When you are finished bathing, we will have a great breakfast for you, so don’t wait too long!”

“Mhm!”

* * *

Breakfast came and went, with plenty of food and drink for the inhabitants of the castle, and in particular plenty of drink for Cecilia. She drank 2 liters of fresh apple juice from the royal orchard, and 4 liters of fresh, cool milk. Milk was a specialty of the kingdom, it was some of the smoothest, most refreshing milk around, coming from happy, grass fed cows that produced plenty of milk. And Cecilia loved milk!

Prince Barone observed his subject carefully, looking for signs of desperation or fullness in her bladder. He noted a bit of bloating just after breakfast, but the lack of any sign of discomfort showed there was no urge bothering her yet.

* * *

Lunch arrived soon after, with plenty more food and drink to consume. Cecilia had a further 2 liters of Milk as well as 5 liters of water as the castle began to warm up from the afternoon summer sun. Cecilia was certainly filling up, as her kidneys worked overtime to pump all those liquids down into her bladder which got fuller by the minute.

Those kidneys would hardly have a break when the bell for supper came around. Plenty more food to eat and drinks to filter into her piss tank, starting with a full liter of light beer, another kingdom specialty. A liter of beer would make anyone drunk into a stupor, but Cecilia certainly wasn't a lightweight, and only got a bit tipsy as she chugged her last mug. Even so, Cecilia had another 4 liters of water and 3 liters of cider to drink.

All these drinks seemed like a poor idea for one looking to hold as long as possible, but Prince Barone made it a point to Cecilia to accept a drink every time she was offered one: by himself or someone else.

Finally, the sun set on the first day in the castle for Cecilia. Her bladder began to ache slightly from over 40 hours of piss as her belly bloated a bit from the mass of water she was carrying.

"How goes the state of your bladder, Cecilia?"

"I won't lie, my prince, I definitely feel a bit of pressure down there, but it is an urge I can easily pay no mind to, I assure you!"

"I see, I do hope it does not get much worse. I will see you tomorrow!"

And with that, Cecilia was left to go to sleep in her chamber. Her bladder weighed on her mind slightly as she took an extra minute to drift to sleep.

* * *

The next day went much the same as the first, with equal amounts of drinking and eating for Cecilia and her bladder to endure. By the end of lunch she had consumed 12 liters worth of milk, water, and juice to be filtered in her bladder that had begun to nudge farther and farther into the waistband of her tights. Cecilia could feel the pressure in her bladder begin to mount into a consistent urge she had to keep at bay. It wasn’t urgent by any means, but it was making itself present, surely. If she could judge, it was perhaps a solid 4 out of 10 on her scale of desperation, perhaps barely a 5.

Prince Barone watched Cecilia consume her meals with great interest. He noticed the very slight shifts and squirms Cecilia made in order to be as comfortable as she could. He was enjoying the show, and there would be a lot more where that came from, as long as Cecilia could hold on.

* * *

Dusk was approaching the castle, when an escort of carriages appeared. The Prince and Cecilia both went out to investigate.

The prince recognized it almost immediately. It was the carriage of her darling cousin Sonya!

“Sonya! How nice it is to see you! What do I owe the pleasure of this sudden arrival to?”

“Richard! It is good to see you as well!” Sonya engaged her cousin in a big hug. “I just had to get out of the freezing cold in the North Kingdoms where I live, it was driving me crazy!”

“Even in the Summer, it’s still frigid up there?”

“You don’t know the half of it! I needed to get out of the house and somewhere a bit more temperate. I’m sure you mind if I take a little vacation here? The summer weather certainly is better!”

“Of course Sonya! I would be glad to have you! I will have a chamber made straight away.”

“Oh! Before that, I have a gift for you!” Sonya gestured to a large enclosed cart that you would use for transporting cattle long distances in her small escort.

“Come out Mary!”

A few seconds passed, and then, a bovine head peeked from around the cart.

“Moo?”

“Come on! Don’t be shy!”

A cow? Sonya brought the Prince a cow, something the kingdom has plenty of? That’s quite odd.

But this was no ordinary cow. The bovine creature slowly revealed itself to the Prince and Cecilia. This cow was standing on its hind legs, and had a figure similar to that of a human woman! This anthropomorphic cow had hooves on its hind feet, but human hands. Her fur was a lovely pattern of light browns and whites. Her face was not quite that of a cow nor a human, but a mix of both. Her snout was smaller and eyes were straight on, much more like that of a human’s, and glowed a brilliant shining blue. Her head was adorned with long, flowing, slightly frilly brown hair and small horns with large cow ears from the sides of her head. This cow had very large breasts, compared to Cecilia’s there were perhaps close to double in size and weight, and she had a chubby tummy along with it as well, accentuating a relatively more modest but still appreciable rump with cute white specks of fur, and of course, a long tail with a bit of brown fuzz at the end.

Now, most notably was that on her chubby belly, just below her belly button, was a set of massive udders that sloshed with long nipples swaying and bobbing up and down as she strode. All in all, this cow creature was definitely something the Prince had never seen anything like, but he did find her quite adorable.

“Moo!” The cow mooed happily.

“Sonya, what kind of cow is this? I’ve never seen anything quite like it before!”

“This is Mary! We found her on our way here. Poor thing was lost and scared, I couldn’t just leave her, in the freezing cold, no less! I was hoping that maybe you could house her in your stables, and have a rather interesting and unique cattle in your stable?”

Prince Barone thought for a moment. “How different is she from our other cattle?”

“I can’t imagine too much different. Mary has a fondness for eating grass just like other cows. She’s very loyal, she’ll stick closer to you than your own shadow… Oh, and she does need to be milked. Quite often too, actually.”

Barone looked upon Mary. He found her cute and charming, and the sound of an anthropomorphic cow in his stable certainly would be interesting.

“Sure, I’ll take Mary, she is quite a cutie.”

“You hear that Mary? Richard is your new master now!”

“Moo! Moo!” Mary mooed excitedly, wagging her tail back and forth.

“I’ll have one of the milkmaids guide her to her stable, now come Sonya, it’ll be dark soon!”

“Right!” Sonya turned to Mary. “You be good now and do as your Master says, alright?”

Mary nodded in understanding and waited patiently to be guided. “Moomoo!”

Sonya followed Prince Barone and Cecilia back inside to be shown to her room.

* * *

Sonya had just wished her cousin goodnight before closing the door to her bedchamber. Her bedchamber was slightly more fancy that Cecilia’s with a larger window and more space, and most importantly, a separate privy. This was especially important to Sonya as she had just finished a journey lasting nearly three whole days. During this time she slept in her carriage as there were very few towns along the way to the kingdom. Her escort would simply find a place to stop and set up camp for the night. The men in her escort would have no shame in peeing in a bush after a long day of travel. Sonya on the other hand, would die of embarrassment should she be caught squatting over dirty ground rather than in a clean chamberpot. So, she chose to hold her waters the entire trip.

Three days later now, and she was quite busting for a trip to the privy. She sighed in apprehension for the relief that she would experience, hand on the door to open the privy to a clean, empty, chamberpot.

Yet, the door would not budge.

She tried with a bit more force, still no use. She tried jiggling the door a little, but nothing would work.

Sonya couldn’t believe her luck. After so long, she was stuck in the only bedchamber with a jammed privy, with no access to a chamberpot! A pang from her bladder shot through her neurons as she clutched her opening through her modest floral skirt.

Still, as badly as she had to go and as much as she was holding, she didn’t feel an extreme urge to relieve herself. Sonya felt that an opportunity would soon come to have access to another chamberpot.

Sonya could simply report her privy being jammed to a servant girl, or even the Prince himself and get it arranged. However, much like the embarrassment she would feel peeing in the open, Sonya was mortified of discussing her privy affairs with others. She wasn't of royal blood like her cousin, but she was raised to be a lady, and ladies don’t discuss issues regarding her urinary system with others. It would just simply save her a lot of shame to just hold it and wait for an opportunity to come later.

Sonya changed into her bed attire and crawled into bed, tossing and turning slightly due to the burden she carried in her abdomen. Not far from her, a nude Cecilia was stirring in a similar fashion as her bladder began to swell and fill more and more with warm piss.

*014*2023-09-08 03:57

Welcome to our next installment! Sorry for the delay, got some personal stuff going on but hopefully I should be back on track with more inspiration!

Character Text Colors:

Hide contents

Prince Barone

Cecilia

Sonya

Mary the Cow

The third day! Both Sonya and Cecilia awoke with nagging needs in their bladders. Cecilia could feel her abdomen had ballooned quite a bit since yesterday, her kidneys working overdrive as she tried to get the thought of a wee out of her mind as she swung her nude legs out of bed. Sonya similarly had quite a bit of urgency in her nether’s as she badly needed a trip to the privy. She gripped herself, just for a moment, to maintain control of her pressing piss tank.

Both the girls went to breakfast trying to subdue their needs. Waiting in the banquet hall was yet another feast for all the dignitaries of the castle, and plenty of milk, juice, and water to go along. Cecilia and Sonya drank 3 liters of milk each, along with 2 liters of juice and another 3 liters of water. Sonya held her lady’s etiquette to the highest regard, refusing to turn down a beverage offered to her to be polite. Cecilia didn’t have a choice, if she were to be the prince’s bride, she would have to gulp down whatever was offered to her

Today was a stormy day in the kingdom, and sheets of water pelted the castle. The pitter-patter of rain had quite the mental effect on the two girls, Sonya not daring to look out the windows and Cecilia twitching her leg often at the sound of the raindrops.

Nevertheless, the lunch and supper bell came round, much too soon for Sonya and Cecilia. And another 12 liters of juice, water, and beer for each lady; 5 for lunch, and 7 for supper.

Cecilia addressed her prince after supper had concluded.

“My prince… I feel very full with piss… How much longer should I have to wait to prove my worth to you?”

“As long as I wish. I will tell you when I am satisfied with your capabilities. Your instructions are still very clear: Hold onto your need and do not let out a single drop while you drink everything that is put in front of you.”

“Yes, my prince…”

Cecilia agonizingly clutched herself just for a moment. The waistband of her tights were well and truly digging into her bladder. Taking them off for bed was quite the reprieve she needed upon residing in her bedchamber for the evening. However, the removal of her tights caused the bulge in her abdomen to extend, unimpeded. The liquid sloshed down to her urethra and she could feel an ocean of piss rush towards the exit. She had to plug her urethra by digging her hand in her undergarments to prevent a drop from saturating them.

Sonya in the meantime looked desperately for some sort of access to a chamberpot, yet the castle was designed to have no public privies and that guests would be encouraged to use the privy in their quarters. Sonya’s assigned privy was sadly the one that she had access to throughout the castle all to herself, but ironically, couldn’t be accessed due to a jam.

Sonya restlessly wrangled her nightgown on as she squirmed and fidgeted in the process of putting it on.

“Dear me… I have to piss like no tomorrow!... I can hold it though… A lady like myself would not be caught dead stumbling like this… And everyone knows a lady would hold any restroom urges to herself until she reaches a private place to relieve herself… I can hold it… I-I hope.”

Both girls had to contend with bladders the size of cantaloupes in their abdomens as they tried to find the peace to sleep.

* * *

The fourth day came and was much more pleasant. The sun was warm and casted it's rays throughout the kingdom. The Prince invited Cecilia and Sonya for a carriage ride throughout the various towns and villages in the kingdom. However, Cecilia and Sonya would first bear another 9 liters each for breakfast.

The weather was certainly pleasant and smooth, but the carriage could not share that characteristic. The roads and patches were winding and bumping, jostling around Cecilia and Sonya and their bladders. They discreetly tried to clutch themselves and stow their bladders. But each bump and twist in the road bounced and sloshed the raging bladder bulges in their abdomens. Prince Barone was obviously quite aware of Cecilia's condition, but not so much of Sonya's. She did a decent job of barricading her piss hole and avoiding the typical mannerisms of one who is bursting for a hissing piss.

At one point the prince left the carriage to talk to the driver after a particularly nasty bump, leaving Cecilia and Sonya by themselves in the carriage, anxiously nursing their burdens.

"Ohhhhhhhh…~"

"Are you alright?"

Cecilia straightened up, slightly embarrassed that she had been caught moaning to her plight.

"Yes, I'm alright… If I could be honest, I'm busting for a wee."

"I know what you mean…" Sonya said under her breath.

"Hmm? What was that?"

"Oh, nothing, just… er, I understand how you mean, I'm not in too dissimilar a state."

Sonya would never, ever typically discuss her need to urinate with anyone else, but she found Cecilia to be trustworthy and misery loves company, allegedly.

"Ohhhh, you could go for a piss as well?"

"Shhh! Not so loud! Someone could hear you!" Sonya displayed a beet red face of embarrassment as she motioned for Cecilia to tone down her voice.

Cecilia scoffed. "There's nothing awry about talking about our needs. Everyone has to go!"

Sonya stammered over Cecilia's brazenness. "I… I er, reserve that such topics are too raunchy for my tastes."

"Maybe for your stuffy noble peers, however I reserve that we are just two ladies with the same need, and I quite enjoy striking up a conversation with someone I have something in common with."

Sonya considered Cecilia's proposal, as her bladder sent a pulse and a shiver up her spine.

"I do as well, plus, a conversation will help take the edge off and distract me until we return to the castle."

"See? I was just thinking that! We might see more eye-to-eye than you think, Sonya!"

Sonya giggled before being hit with a strong pang from her bladder that forced her to clutch her undergarments.

"Oooo… my world for an empty chamberpot!"

Coincidentally, Cecilia felt a similar lurch from her own abdomen that forced her to bend forward.

"You and me both…" She said clenching her teeth.

The two ladies shared a brief chat as they took turns clenching, squirming, and straining as they shared their need along with their company.

"I've never had to go this bad in a long, long time…" Sonya whimpered through clenched teeth and an even more clenched pussy.

"Oh yeah? When was the last time you used the pot?" Cecilia asked with hands in her crotch, rather brazenly.

Sonya grew flushed. As open as she has been with Cecilia, Sonya would rather die than tell the truth of how she has been holding her waters for more than four days.

"This morning, just before breakfast… I guess I must have overdone it on the milk and juice… How about you? You seem very full yourself…" Sonya lied convincingly enough.

Cecilia hesitated. She had just put herself in an awkward position with the question she just asked. Part of her deal with Prince Barone was to keep a tight pair of lips about her little contest. Rumors can spread around the kingdom but having an insider of the castle witness and knowing of Cecilia's burden for the Prince could lead to complications. However, Cecilia is an honest woman, and not one to lie.

"Ohhhh… Id say about three, almost four days now?" She said almost casually.

Sonya was taken aback. Mostly by surprise that Cecilia had held her waters almost exactly as long as she had.

"Oh my goodness! Whatever made you abstain from release for so long? Surely you must have had access to a chamberpot by now!"

Cecilia continued to try to play it cool.

"I er, like to challenge myself. Going days without relieving my bladder is quite exhilarating, I suppose!"

Sonya gave a light nod in agreement. She didn't want to admit it but she found that this prolonged abstinence of a pisspot to be rather exciting. Perhaps the thought of being on the verge of pissing herself seemed so out of character for her it was something new and unique to indulge in, especially now that she had someone to confide it to.

The faint steps of the Prince soon could be heard outside the carriage as Cecilia and Sonya scrambled to make themselves a bit more presentable, stowing hands away from their pussies and uncrossing twisted legs in an effort to look more natural and relaxed.

Prince Barone opened the door and addressed the two ladies.

"Sorry about that. It looks like the wheel has been damaged, we've called for another carriage to take us straight back to the castle. Everything okay with you two?"

The pair of ladies gave happy, albeit a bit strained, replies of agreement. On truth, they were not quite as alright as they made it out to be. Sonya's bladder ached and swelled with need as she tried to maintain posture and appearance. Cecilia was bloated beyond compare, her undergarments straining to keep her bulging gargantuan piss tank contained.

* * *

While the three waited for their replacement carriage to take them back to the castle, they sat down for a small lunch. Some nicely prepared sandwiches and snacks were enjoyed, along with plenty of fluids to hydrate on the warm Summer's afternoon. 5 liters were offered to Cecilia and Sonya, which were graciously consumed. The pair eyed each other up knowing each other's predicament. They were able to notice each other's restrained squirms and slight aches and moans that they could barely conceal as they shifted themselves trying to find a shred of relief.

Soon their relief transportation arrived, a smaller carriage, where all three of the travelers had to squish together to fit on the single seat, rubbing together, daring not to make movement that would suggest a desperate need to use the chamberpot: Sonya out of shame, and Cecilia out of Barone's request not to reveal their little game.

The ride was hardly comfortable for the two bursting girls, but they luckily made it back to the castle with dry undergarments and their bladders bursting just the same. Just in time for supper, no less.

Another great feast was had with plenty of meat, bread, and the tastiest beer and wine. Of which Cecilia and Sonya each drank a respectable 8 liters. They may have had bladders of steel, but they weren't immune to the effect of alcohol. Their heads spun and their kidneys worked overtime with the delicious and intoxicating effects of alcohol.

Sonya was worse for wear from the beverages, and retired early for the evening. She strained to get herself into her nightgown which was now beyond tight on her body. Her being inebriated made it even harder. Eventually she cursed and gave up, slumping into bed completely nude clutching her groin as she went out cold.

Cecilia was still coherent despite clearly being drunk. As the night progressed after the feast her poor abdomen bloated even further to the point where her undergarments were ruined, not from any leakage, but to the point of being stretched where they could no longer be worn normally.

Before retiring to bed in the late evening she met with Prince Barone.

“M-my prince, how much longer will you have me hold my bladder? It’s been more than one hundred hours since I last relieved myself, surely my bladder should be the biggest and most capacious of anyone in the kingdom!”

Cecilia had a point, she had been holding for more than four days at this point. The Prince was more than impressed with Cecilia’s holding ability and would be elated to make her his bride. However Barone was hard pressed to see just what Cecilia’s limit could be. Perhaps she could hold for days? Weeks? …Months?!?

Luckily Cecilia was under his control so he would get to see the exact moment Cecilia’s bladder would burst. He was certainly enjoying himself.

“I’m sorry Cecilia, I have to be absolutely sure. You have done well, but you must hold your piss until I am satisfied with your ability to hold.” Prince Barone said softly, whisping a soft kiss on Cecilia’s cheek.

Cecilia was beside herself with the pressure and strain holding such a gargantuan bladder placed on her body, but it would be completely worth it to be the bride of Prince Barone. She was smitten with his looks and personality. And of course, the idea of being royalty would allure anyone in the kingdom to the lap of luxury that comes with the title.

Cecilia nodded through gritted teeth before the pair wished each other goodnight. In her room, Cecilia began to undress after a long day. She exhaled a deep breath as she pulled down her leggings after undoing her modest Summertime dress. Her bloated urine-filled belly immediately ballooned out and sloshed with ferocity. Cecilia looked down and cradled her bladder bulge that dwarfed her large breasts. She couldn’t even see her feet anymore looking down from a standing position. She could relax just a little bit now being nude and free from the restraints of clothing. All this effort it takes lugging her bulging burden exhausted her, and she quickly unwound into a deep sleep, clutching her nethers as she dozed off into dreams of piss. However, she imagined being spooned by Prince Barone, caressing her body and her bladder bulge (while she was actually caressing herself) and was a bit more at peace as she wriggled and squirmed herself to sleep.

* * *

(This part contains lactation denial. Reader discretion is advised.)

@@Outside the castle, in the pitch black field, the royal stable still had it's lights on. In there was Mary, in a large stable for herself, with plenty of hay, food and water. Mary was clutching herself, groaning and mooing softly. As per the Prince's request, he was to supervise Mary's outings into the field as well as milk her, neither of which had occurred since the Prince took ownership of her. Mary had simply slipped the Prince's mind with everything going on in the castle as of late. Mary cooed as she reached her crotch around her swollen udders and massaged her nethers. Her udders were bulging with milk and exhibited pressure on Mary as her dairy bag weighed on her below her stomach and on top of a bulging, needing bladder. As Sonya said, Mary was a productive cow, so she was quick to needing to be milked. In fact, if she were to be milked any less than three times a day she would start to feel uncomfortable. And now, she was two days into her stay and had yet to be milked once. She hadn't even released her bladder since arriving at the castle, feeling far too uncomfortable to urinate in her own stable, and looked all day longingly at the wide open field as her bladder ached and her urethra pulsed with need.

(Where is my master?...) Mary thought to herself.

(I need to be milked so badly... And I need to wee as well... Oooooh~...)

Mary mooed softly as she had no choice but to retreat to a comfortable haypile to get some rest, fidgeting and holding herself and massaging her udders with the anticipation of a long milking and a well needed pee under the supervision of her master.

*016*2023-09-08 04:24

{{21 minutes ago, warham1995 said:

@@welcome back, are you feeling better?

}}

A bit, I got a higher dose of medicine which is helping, but starting next week I'm going to be in the hospital for a transplant to cure it permanently. This will either give me a lot more time to write (since I cant do anything else), or I'll be too tired to do anything, here's hoping it's the former!

