Holding Contest (Super Mario)

Author: luigifantard

*000*2015-11-30 06:41

Well,Ive been really wanting to write something like this for a while,and here it is!

“M-Mario...I can’t..”

Luigi squirmed and fidgeted,blushing. He and Mario got bored and decided to have a holding contest. They were both wearing diapers for convenience,and both brothers were full to bursting. While they both were equally desperate,Luigi was especially desperate due to being frail.

“Hang in there,bro!” Mario urged,shifting around and gritting his teeth. The diaper pressed against his abdomen,adding more pressure to his already full bladder.

“W-Why did we decide to do this..”Luigi mumbled. It was pretty weird,how they got from being bored to death to on the verge of bursting.

###

They were both watching TV on a slow Saturday afternoon. Time seemed to drag on as Mario stared listlessly at the TV screen and Luigi slept,one hand resting on his chin.

Suddenly Mario’s eyes lit up. “Hey Luigi! Let’s have a holding contest!”

“H-Huh-?!” Luigi instantly snapped awake. “Mmm...wha..?”

“Let’s have a holding contest!” Mario repeated. Luigi rubbed his eyes and stared sleepily at his brother. “Uh…”

“Come on,it’ll be easy!” Mario grabbed his brother’s hand and led him upstairs to his room. “M-Mario,wait..!”

When they got inside,Mario grabbed 6 water bottles from the small fridge in his room. He set them on the bed,then went over to the dresser and pulled out a small package.

“Mario,aren’t those the diapers you use..?” Luigi mumbled,not entirely awake.

“Yup.” He pulled out two of the the thick,fluffy diapers. “Okay,now take off your pants.”

Luigi blushed profusely,his eyes wide. “W-Wha--!?”

“Luigi,calm down!” Mario chuckled. “Just put the diaper on.”

“N-No,not in front of you,bro..” Luigi was still blushing,this time avoiding eye contact. Mario had already pulled off his jeans and underwear and slipped on the diaper,and was now taping up the straps. “Okay,I’ll look away while you put it on.”

###

“Okay,so the goal is to be the only one who hasn’t wet themselves,” Mario explained. “You have to try and hold it for as long as possible. You can use any means necessary,but you can’t touch yourself.”

Luigi blushed. “Why would I…”

“But the hard part is that you have to drink water,and lots of it. The contest starts when you have to go. Sounds easy enough!”

Mario snapped off the lid from one of the bottles of water. “Ready?”

“Gimme a sec..” Luigi was still fiddling with the cap,but finally he was able to get the top off. “I’m ready.”

“And...GO!” They both chugged the bottle of water,followed by the second one. This went on,until all 6 water bottles were empty. Already Luigi’s bladder was rapidly filling up.

“Feeling full yet?” Mario asked,fidgeting slightly.

“Mm-hm..” Luigi mumbled.

###

Now here they both were,desperate and fidgeting. Luigi moaned and whimpered,grabbing his crotch tightly to keep from leaking.

“Nnhh…” Mario gritted his teeth,his legs crossed and squeezed together tightly. He looked up at his brother and saw that he was almost to the point of tears as he struggled to hold it.

This probably wasn’t a good idea,Mario thought.

“M-Mario..” Luigi whimpered,squirming. “I-I can’t hold it…”

“Don’t think about it,bro..” Mario urged,rocking back and forth. “It’ll be easier that way.” He was thinking about just letting go just to let his brother win their little contest.

“Ooohh…” Luigi moaned softly. And that’s when Mario made up his mind. “Nnh…nngh..” He fidgeted,slowly letting himself lose control of his bladder. A small spurt escaped him,then it immediately turned into a flood.

“Hhaaaaaaaahhh…” he sighed loudly as he emptied his bladder,flooding the diaper he was wearing. “Ohhh….yeeaaahhh…” The relief felt so deliciously good...He continued peeing,more pleasured moans escaping from time to time...much to Luigi’s dismay.

“M-Mario...stop..!” Luigi pleaded,whimpering and grabbing his crotch. What he didn’t realize was that he won their little contest.

“Luigi,you won..” Mario sighed,still going. After a while of agony for Luigi he finally stopped peeing, his diaper soaked and yellow-stained.

“I-I did..?”

“Yup.” Mario stretched his arms out,inviting his brother for a hug. “C’mere,you big baby.” Before Luigi could respond Mario grabbed him and wrapped him in the hug. “I knew you could do it.”

But all that could be heard was a loud hissing sound and Luigi moaning softly. “Mm..”

