The Other Side

Author: OmoCommando

*000*2017-11-19 11:02

A little idea that I had suddenly, a world where it was totally normal to pee wherever you are. So in this story, told from a first person perspective, the main character inexplicably finds herself transported to a world where nobody pees in a toilet, and she finds that she must acclimate to that lifestyle. Story will contain lots of nonchalant peeing and wetting, though the MC might find herself experiencing some desperation in the future.

===

My consciousness starts to return. I shake my head to try and clear the disorientation. The ringing in my ears won’t subside, though. What the hell happened?

Oh right. The mirror. In grandmother’s study. She always told me not to touch it when I was a girl, but today I simply couldn’t resist. I pulled back the sheet which had been covering it and something compelled me to touch the surface of that flamboyant antique. And then… light. Light so brilliant that all my senses went dead.

And now, here I am. Apparently in the middle of a street. Suburbs? I see lots of modest dwellings about- houses of somewhat small size. Not even a story high, yet they were all well taken care of. A middle class neighborhood, if I had to guess. But the question remains, how did I end up here?

I quickly realize in my current state, my skirt is flipped right up, exposing my pink panties to the world. Though no one is around to see them at the moment. There’s two girls skipping rope about forty meters away, though I don’t believe they noticed me. I quickly pull my skirt back down and get on my feet. I fix my shirt and my jacket, trying my best to maintain a dignified appearance.

What happened? How did I get here? My first thought, of course, was that I must be dreaming but this all feels too real. The crisp spring air, the sounds of children playing, the smell of freshly cut grass… and more than that, why would my subconscious mind conjure a setting with which I am totally unfamiliar but contains such explicit detail?

“Oh? Haven’t seen you around here before!”

I turn around. Behind me is a girl with short, blonde hair. She wears it back with a cute, turquoise headband. A little more slender than I am, a little shorter, and has brilliant green eyes. They seem almost like gemstones amidst her pale complexion. She wears a white spaghetti-strap top with two flowers on the front; one red, one blue, along with some jeans shorts.

“Um… I… um…” I stutter stupidly. I’m kind of dumbfounded by how cute this girl is. Her face has childlike features to it and there is a sense of energy around her. I can’t help but feel peppy when I look into her eyes.

“You lost?”

“Well… yeah.” No point in hiding it.

“Thought so.” she says with a smile. “You trying to find any house in particular?”

I’m not sure what to say. Do I tell her that I simply touched a mirror, there was a flash of light, then bam, here I am?

“Well to be honest, I’m not really sure how I got here.”

The girl gives me a worried look. “Well that’s not good. What’s the last thing you remember?”

“I…” I hesitate. I can’t tell her the truth. Not yet. She’ll think I’m nuts. But what do I say? “I just can’t seem to remember at the moment.”

I play the amnesiac. It’s all I have for now.

“You want me to call the cops?”

“N-No!” I say hurriedly. “It’s nothing like that!”

She gives me a worried smile. “Can you tell me your name?”

“Evangeline. You can call me ‘Eva’ though.”

“Pretty name!” she smiles more joyfully, “And my name is Kendra! I live right in that house over there!”

She nods towards a white house to our left. The closest one. Not more than a few meters away.

“Would you like to come in?” she asks. “I just made up some lemonade, if you’d like something to drink.”

“That sounds quite nice, thank you.”

We enter the house and I am greeted with a pristine hallway. It leads into a dining room and kitchen which share most of their space, and to the right, the living room. It was mostly orderly, with the exception of a few articles of clothing which were strewn about the living room. One shirt, two skirts, several socks, bras and at least seven pairs of panties. It’s something I might expect from a guy’s house, but not a girl. The only thing I couldn’t get past was a slight odor. It was faint, but it was there and unmistakeable.

The odor of pee.

“Pardon the mess in the living room,” Kendra laughed, “Wasn’t expecting company or I would have tidied up!”

“It’s no trouble.” I say. “I appreciate you inviting me in.”

She pulls a chair out for me at the table in the dining room, then gets a glass and pours in the lemonade from the pitcher which was sitting on the kitchen counter. Listening to the sound of the ice clink against the glass is enough to remind one of a summer day, not spring. She hands me the glass then proceeds to pour one for herself.

“So.” Kendra says as she sits down in the chair across from me. “What can you tell me about yourself, Eva?”

“Ah…” I say awkwardly, “There’s not a lot to say. I’m a good student, get good grades. I’m on the honor roll at my university and co-captain of the track team.”

“You play a lot of sports?” she says before taking a drink.

“I’ve done mostly track.” I say as I finish a drink of my own. “Hundred meter dash and high jump.”

“Interesting!” Kendra says with that bright smile of hers. “I do cross country! Used to play football but wasn’t getting along with the captain so I ended up quitting.”

“That’s too bad.” I say. “You liked the sport though?”

“Definitely!” Kendra pours herself another glass. “The spirit of competition and all that!”

I finish off my own glass. Not bad for lemonade. A bit sweet for my personal tastes, but I enjoyed the drink.

“I gotta say though,” Kendra says with mild exasperation. “Grades have never been my strong suit. Especially math.”

“Really?” I reply. “I find math to be quite simple.”

“Wha-?” She gives me an almost disgusted look. “Even geometry?”

“Once you understand the basics, it’s all very straightforward.”

“Ugh, I just can’t understand it. How is it so easy for people?”

I shrug. I don’t really have an answer for her, it’s simply one of those things that comes naturally to me.

“I suppose it is what it is.” Kendra sighs. “Maybe we can study together at some point.”

“I’m not sure that’s-“ I stop. Not because I know we don’t go to the same school. Not because I’m worried about revealing my own strange entrance into this mysterious world, but because my ears suddenly pick up the sound of liquid splattering onto the floor.

“What’s wrong?” Kendra asks me.

“Don’t you… hear that?” I check both the drinks. I check the pitcher. Nothing spilled. Yet I know I hear the sound of liquid pouring onto the floor. Specifically, I hear it coming from near the table we’re sitting at. I look down, and there’s a growing puddle around Kendra’s chair, liquid spilling from where she sits. I don’t want to admit it to myself. My mind doesn’t want to accept the only rational explanation. But still, I can’t help but ask the question.

“Are… you… peeing?”

“Yeah.” she responds in a normal voice.

“In your pants?”

“Yes…” Kendra seems genuinely confused by my reaction.

I’m stunned. I don’t have the words. This girl who was kind enough to take me into her house is suddenly peeing in her chair. Now the odor of pee makes sense. This girl must have a lot of accidents. Can it really be called an ‘accident’ though? She seems perfectly fine with what she’s doing.

“What’s with you?” she laughs. “Haven’t you seen someone pee before?”

“W-Well…” my stutter returns as I reply, “I mean… I have… but… you know… in the toilet!”

“You’ve seen someone pee in a toilet?” she asks. “Okay that’s fine but you seem like totally offended when I peed just now.”

“I… I…”

“Okay,” Kendra gets up and gives me a stern look. Her legs are drenched. “What’s the deal with you? I have never seen someone react that way to someone who was simply peeing. I mean, if I peed on you, that would obviously be different, but I didn’t.”

“Do you honestly not pee in the toilet?” I become accusatory in my exasperation.

“Sure, when I have to do the other thing. I mean as long as I’m on there and I have to go.”

“So that’s it? You only pee in the toilet while you’re going number two?”

“Doesn’t everyone?” she holds her hands out as if this should be obvious. “Where the hell have you been living where it’s normal to pee in a toilet?”

I run out of words. At this point, I’ve blown my cover. Is this really a world where peeing in a toilet is a taboo concept?

“Truth. Now. Where are you from?” Kendra give me a serious look.

“I…” I look out the window. I see the two girls from earlier playing, chasing a ball around. “I don’t know if you’ll believe me.”

“You can’t be from this planet if you’re surprised at the sight of someone not peeing in a toilet.” she says with mild sarcasm.

I nod slowly. “All I know is that I touched this mirror in my grandmother’s house. I wasn’t supposed to, but I did. When that happened, there was a flash of light and I found myself lying in the street in front of your house. That’s when I met you.”

“Huh.” Kendra seems to give the matter some thought, then shrugs. “That’s definitely weird, but you have to be from some other world if you always pee in a toilet.”

With all this talking about pee, I soon realize that I have to go.

“So… you believe me?” I ask.

Kendra shrugs. “If I hadn’t seen your reaction, I probably wouldn’t.” She rests her chin upon her fist as she crosses her arms. “Well… do you have any way of getting back to where you came from?”

I shake my head.

“Thought as much.” Kendra heaves a heavy sigh. “Well in case you haven’t already realized it, around here it’s pretty much normal to just pee wherever you are.”

I wince impulsively. I’m an honor student, for crying out loud! The thought of just peeing myself is… is…

“If people see you going to the bathroom a lot, they’ll think you’re either having a severe medical condition or-“

“They’ll think I’m from another world.” I finish her sentence.

Kendra nods. “You seem genuine to me. I believe your story. I actually live here alone and I’ve been looking for a roommate to help me pay the rent here. Trouble is, you’re going to have to get a job.”

I nod slowly.

“And getting a job means… you’re going to have break that bathroom habit of yours.”

I grimace. I don’t like the sound of that at all.

“It’s what you need to do.” she shrugs again. “People do it all the time here. You leave your shift because you need to pee and your boss is gonna get so mad at you.”

“So I just wet myself right there?”

She nods as if that was the obvious answer. “Or if you can’t afford to have wet clothes for the moment, you can take a squat on the floor if you need to.”

I almost scream. I can barely stand the thought of wetting my clothes in front of someone. But showing my stuff to people while I pee on the floor?

Kendra gives me a disappointed look, as if she knows what I’m thinking. “I’m guessing in your world, showing off your lady parts is considered bad too.”

I nod as if it’s obvious.

“Not here.” Kendra says. “In the summer time, it’s not uncommon for people to go around naked. Or in the case of peeing, for someone to just drop their pants and go.”

Then she looks down at my legs. I think she noticed my restlessness.

“You have to go right now?”

I don’t answer. I know what she’ll tell me to do if I say “yes”.

“Come on.” she gestures towards the floor. “Pee.”

“N-No!” I protest.

“You’re gonna have to do it sooner or later.” Kendra says. “I understand it’s weird for you but someone who regularly goes to the bathroom is gonna get a lot more weird looks than someone who pees on the ground!”

In my heart, I know she’s right. If I’m going to fit in, this is a habit I’m going to need to break. So I resign myself.

“So… just… go anywhere?” I ask.

“Pretty much, yeah.” Kendra replies. “I mean, not anything electronic, obviously, or not in the food or drink and not on other people. We’re not animals, after all.”

Easy for you to say. Where I come from, peeing wherever you want is the animalistic behavior. I don’t want to wet myself though. This is the only set of clothes I have with me right now and I’m just nor prepared to ruin them. So… I remove my shoes. I remove my socks. I pull down my skirt and I pull down my panties. I’m standing there naked from the waist down, and Kendra doesn’t even react.

“Not going to pee in your skirt, huh?” she remarks. “Seems like a chore, but I understand.”

I spread my legs apart slightly. To be honest, I’ve never peed like this before, except back when I was very young and my parents let me walk around the backyard naked. In those days, it’s natural that’s I’d simply empty my bladder as I please. But now… suddenly I feel like I’ve gone back in time.

I feel it coming. That feeling of liquid making its way through the passages of my body as I stop holding it in. And then… the sound of liquid striking the hardwood floor beneath me. I look down at my bare body, seeing that stream of pee arc out just slightly. I feel millions of tiny droplets of warmth begin to splatter onto my ankles. I squeeze my skirt and panties in my hand as I accept the disgraceful act which I am performing.

I am peeing on the floor.

Kendra holds out her arms to congratulate me. “See? Nothing to it.”

I smile and nod awkwardly. I didn’t have to go very badly, so there’s not much of a puddle. But still… I feel… tainted. Dirtied. Not only because I just peed on my ankles, and now I can feel it dripping down my thighs, but I just committed an act which I have not done since I was a toddler. It feels immature, childish, and undignified. I subconsciously rub my calves together, as if trying to clean the pee off of them.

“You… all right?” Kendra asks.

“I will be.” I say.

“Trust me. It’ll feel natural in no time.”

“Do you have… like… a towel… or something?” I can’t take it anymore. I just can’t go through the rest of the day knowing there’s pee on my legs.

Kendra sighs. “Yeah, I can get you a towel. You shouldn’t get used to it, though.”

She grabs a rag from the kitchen and hands it to me. I’m starting to realize now just how much of a cultural norm this probably is. Her nose is likely used to the scent of urine that I picked up on the way in. There are no carpets as far as I can see. The couch is made out of some non-absorbent material. None of the chairs have any fabric on them and all the upholstery is raised a few centimeters from the ground. Just enough to avoid puddles.

Still, I accept the towel and quickly wipe off the pee from my legs. I can’t get it off fast enough.

I sigh. Part of me still can’t believe I just got naked and peed in front of someone I had just met. After wiping my feet off, I start putting all my clothes back on.

“So is there anything else I should know about how peeing works here?” I ask.

“Gosh, let me think.” Kendra says. “I’ve never actually had to think about it before.” She looks up towards the ceiling for a few minutes. “Like I said, try not to pee on other people, or near something that could obviously get ruined by it. If you’re like sitting on a table and someone’s phone is next to you, you should probably move away from it before you go. And obviously, if you have to go number two, that needs be done in a toilet. Nobody wants to see that!”

“All right.” I look down at the two puddles. Then I realize that something doesn’t quite add up. If Kendra never pees in the toilet, shouldn’t there be a lot more puddles in this house. As far as I can see, the two we just made are the only ones. “So… how do you… clean it?”

“Clean what?” asked Kendra. “The pee? You clean the floor every morning and every night. Although, I’ll admit I’m more on the lazy side so I only clean every night. No mornings.”

“I see.”

“Yeah, pee can easily stink if you leave it for too long.”

I collapse back into my chair. It slowly starts to sink in just how much of a lifestyle change I’m going to have to make in my time here.

“Well,” Kendra says as she puts a hand on my shoulder, “I get the feeling our time together is going to be very interesting!”

===

It begins to get dark, and Kendra gets some extra blankets, sheets and pillows from a closet. From the living room, there’s another hallway where I can see five doors. Two are closets, two are bedrooms, and the last one is the bathroom. I swear it’s the cleanest room in the house.

“So, here’s where you’ll be sleeping.” Kendra says. Honestly though, I can’t get it out of my head how many people might have peed in that bed. “Though starting tomorrow, we should go job hunting for you.”

I nod. It was unavoidable if I was going to live here, and if I was living here freely, I’d start to feel guilty.

“You still look like something’s bothering you.” Kendra says as she looks at my face. I must have been wincing again.

“Well I can’t help but wonder what other kinds of weird things I might see in this world.” I say bluntly. “Am I going to start seeing people whack off in public too?”

Kendra breaks out into laughter. “I wasn’t expecting that! But to answer you, no. Masturbating or having sex in public is quite illegal.”

“At least that’s the same…” I mumble.

“Come on.” she pulls me around the hips. “Let’s go have dinner. I was planning on having soup and sandwiches tonight so there should be enough for two!”

We head to the kitchen and she pulls out a can of tomato soup, as well as a loaf of bread, some Swiss cheese, a few cold cuts, lettuce, tomato slices, dijon mustard and mayonnaise. A simple meal, but I’m not expecting a banquet here.

Once everything is out, she goes to the sink and washes her hands. It’s hard to wrap my head around it, but as weird as this ‘no-toilet’ thing is, there are still sanitation issues that she’s acknowledging. In my mind, it seems like a contradiction, and yet…

Well whatever. She quickly dumps the soup out into a pot and adds some milk to it. Once it’s heating on the stove, Kendra goes to work on making the sandwiches.

“So I’m curious.” she says to me. “Do you pee in a toilet every day or something?”

“Usually multiple times a day.” I reply. I try to watch my tone this time, as I realize that my habits are likely just as weird to her.

She chuckles softly. “I just can’t imagine that. Needing to drop everything just to go pee.”

“And I can’t imagine a place like school where everyone is just peeing in their pants in the middle of class.”

“It’s an every day thing.” Kendra replies matter-of-factly.

The reality is I’m not sure if I could ever do this in public. I almost dread the next day as I know the situation will come up. Perhaps I can avoid by not drinking anything until we get home. I imagine being out in a public square, or in the middle of an interview, and being expected to just… go. With only Kendra here, I can bear it, but in the presence of random strangers?

“You’ll get used it.” Kendra reassures me. “You’ll realize that no one is judging you, no one cares about seeing your naughty bits.”

“Yeah, yeah, I know.” I say as I sit down on the couch and remove my shoes. Before me is a large shelf which has a TV in it. Roughly one meter in length. A good size. Then I notice the movies that Kendra has. Star Trek, Starship Troopers, Lord of the Rings. Kendra was a bit of a nerd, wasn’t she? More than that, this universe seemed to have most of the same media names as her own world.

Kendra comes over and sits down next to me. As she does, she starts to strip off her shorts and her panties. I blush a little as I look over at her bare body. She has some abs. Overall, she seems pretty physically fit. I do my best to maintain my own figure, but I look nothing like that.

“So, you have a movie you want to watch?” she asks me.

“Um, not really. What would you suggest?”

“Have you heard of Lord of the Rings in your world?”

“The name sounds familiar.”

“It’s great!” she says excitedly. “I’ll show you the first one while the soup is cooking!”

She gets up and sticks in the DVD, the returns to her spot on the couch. As the movie goes on, the setting, the characters, everything seems to be the same as I knew it, though I was never much of a fan of fantasy movies like this. Still, I was expecting to see more… well… pee. But even twenty minutes in, there was nothing weird.

As we watch, the sound of liquid spilling begins to fill the room again. I look over to my left at Kendra, who has her legs spread apart, and between them is a strong stream of pee flowing outward.

She doesn’t react at all. She just casually watches the movie while she continues to pee on the floor from the couch. Despite the movie, the only thing I can watch is Kendra’s pee start to puddle up onto the floor below.

Watching her, of course, makes me need to pee. That lemonade from earlier finally made its way to its destination. And I wonder this time what I should do. Last time I simply stripped down and peed on the floor, but I know I’m going to feel way too self-conscious to do that in public tomorrow. I am going to have to get used to not stopping whatever it is I’m doing and just… go.

Yes, as gross as it sounds, it is something I need to adapt to. And so… I relax my bladder muscles again. Nothing comes out. I know I need to pee, but nothing is coming out. My heart starts to beat faster and my breath grows ragged. It’s taking effort to pee. What the hell?

“All right, I’m gonna go check on the soup. Should be ready soon.” Kendra rises from her seat, her bare bottom dripping with pee again. Beside me is nice puddle which formed in the indent of the place where she sat. Most of her pee seems to be running along the cracks in the couch and conveniently drains out onto the floor. Is there a science to these couches created so that one doesn’t have to sit in their own pee for too long?

Putting that thought aside, I get up and go to the kitchen with Kendra. Perhaps if I’m standing, I’ll have an easier time peeing my panties.

“I appreciate everything you’ve done for me, if I haven’t already said it.”

“It’s my pleasure.” Kendra answers. “If some weirdo found you, who knows what would have happened?”

I nod in agreement. Kendra almost seems like a godsend, given my unusual circumstance. I look at the soup, which is beginning to boil now. I realize I’m getting hungry and I don’t want to wait any longer. I sure could use something to munch on.

My bladder pings me again, trying to let out its contents. I spread my legs slightly again and try to pee. Apparently my bladder doesn’t realize the contradiction here, as I attempt to go but nothing comes out. I give a slight push, letting out the smallest breath as I do so. And finally, it comes.

It begins as a small patch of warmth along my crotch, but it quickly turns to the feeling of liquid as everything gushes out. I can feel it trying to escape through the gap between my panties and my legs, unsure if it wants to travel down my thighs or just drip down. Then the sound. The sound of liquid striking the hardwoods as my pee is absorbed through my panties. Finally, I can stop giving effort, as my body starts to pee on its own.

Kendra doesn’t seem to notice at first, as she continues to stir the soup. Then, after a few seconds, she perks up.

“Ah, you decided to pee your panties this time.”

I nod with a bashful smile on my face. I find myself hoping that I didn’t get any on my skirt, but I think the position I’m in is ideal for making sure all the pee goes straight down. However, I’m sure my socks are getting drenched. I can feel it starting to pool up inside of them.

“Well, you’re getting there.” Kendra pats me on the shoulder. “Before long, you’ll probably wonder why you ever bothered peeing in a toilet!” she gives a small laugh.

I still feel disgusting. This should be something I do. Can I really get used to just peeing as soon as I need to go? It was going to a very difficult adjustment. But maybe, with Kendra’s support, I just might get through it.

