The Little Voice

Author: AlmostWet

*000*2018-10-17 07:25

Here is the beginning of a story I put together. I will say up front that my spelling and grammer stink. Constructive criticism is welcome just don't be hateful and nasty. Let me know what you think and if you have any ideas or suggestions.

###

The big day is finaly here. I can hardly believe it, I'm living in my own appartment and starting college. I thought this day would never get here but now that it's happening it is all kinda overwhelming. I've never been away from home for more than a few days and now I'm half way across the country in a big school where I don't know any one or how anything works. Oh well I'm a big girl now and I will just have to put my big girl panties on and figure it out as I go.

I tossed and turned most of the night last night because i was so nervous about the first day of class today. I laid out everything that i need to take with me this morning before I went to bed last night. My text books and note books. I don't want to stand out so I'm going to wear simple blue jeans and a T-shirt. A pair of nondescript panties, sure, I know no one will be able to see them but I'll know and I want to dress respectably. I really don't need a bra for support.

In fact in High School i got teased because i still looked like a little girl. I was late to develop and even now I don't have many curves. My bra is only 32A and I barely fill it up. Hardly worth it but will wear one any way because even though my boobs are tiny my nipples are pointy and really stick out, especially if im in A/C. It would be so embarrassing if anyone saw them poking through my shirt. I picked out a no frills bra so even if someone sees the outline of it through my shirt it won't draw attention to me.

Back in High School the classes were only 45 minutes long, but here they are 3 hours long with a break in the middle. With the classed 4 times longer and twice a long between breaks it will take some getting used to. Unlike High School we are allowed to eat and drink in class. So I am taking some munches and a bottle of Coke. The prices in the junk food machines are crazy high so I am taking my own. I can get a liter bottle at the store for the same price as 12 ounce can from the machine. So one should get me through the day. We are even allowed leave during class to go to the bathroom if we have to. Thats probably a good thing, with an hour and a half between breaks I bet there would be some pee pee dancing going on, and maybe even a few wet pants, if no one was allowed to go to the bathroom.

There is no way I could get up and leave during class, no matter how full my bladder gets. Everyone would be looking at me and thinking she is such a little kid she can't hold hold her bladder it till the break. I just couldn't stand that humiliation. I'm not worried though, i haven't peed in my myself since I was 7 years old and it wasn't really my fault. Sure I had been putting off going potty to the last minute like I normally did but how was I to know we would end up running late. I even told Mom I need to go potty before we left. She said " We're late. It's only 10 minutes away, you will just have to hold it till we got there" and then we got stuck in traffic. I didn't have to go any more when we got there. Any way I did put my big girl panties on this morning so i will be fine.

All right, I should be ready to go. Dressed, no going to class without my pants on like in the dreams. I've got everything I laid out last night. Grab my car keys and get going. As I'm unlocking the car I am supprised by the need to pee. I can think I can hold it till I get there but I should probably go to the bathroom before leaving. Just to make sure I don't have to spend the day in wet pants like I did when i didn't go before leaving 12 years ago. It must be the first day nervousness because i normally dont have to go this soon after my morning pee. Its only been a little over an hour but i already need to go again. So back inside I go to use the bathroom. Can't have everyones first impression of me being the girl that shows up on the first day doing the pee pee dance while she runs around desperately trying to find the bathroom before it's too late.

The school is normally about a 15 minute drive from my appartment. But today traffic is a bitch and it seemed to take forever. It takes me a while to find the student parking lot closest to the building where my classes are. They certainly don't go out of their way to make it convenient for us. Then a 5 minute walk from the lot to the building. Getting there with about a minute to spare I have to hurry to the class room. As i am sitting down, I think that I'm sure glad that i used peed before I left. If i hadn't I would really need to go by now and there is no way I could use the bathroom and still make it to class on time. On the other hand I couldn't stand the embarrassment of being late to class especially on the first day. So my first day of class would have ended up being a test of just how good I am a keeping my big girl panties dry.

The first half of class was even more boring than the first day of class in High School. He listed off the rules and expectations. You can eat in class if you clean up your own mess. The school forces him to have the rule that you can leave class to go to the bathroom. But he says, only if it is a true emergency. In other words only to avoid having an accident. He jokingly added that "and it's not an emergency unless there is wet spot on your pants as you run out of the room" at least i think he was joking. Other than that I was so bored I totally zoned out. I spent most of the first half of class doodling in my note book, munching, sipping on my Coke and thinking how far I had come from the little girl that pissed her little girl panties just because of a little traffic to the big college girl that was only a little inconvenienced by that same traffic delaly and kept her big girl panties totally dry.

Break time. One more drink from my Coke and then a quick stop at the bathroom. When I went to take my drink I realized that the bottle was empty. I must have been more zoned out that i realized. I don't remember drinking that much during the first half of class. I do need to pee but not enough to make me dance around in my seat yet but now that i am no longer zoned out I can tell I no definitely need to go. It's not really that bad, I might even be able to hold it till the end of class. Wonder what would happen if it tried, would I be able to make it or would I have to do laundry tonight? What, where did that thought come from? Now for the potty break. Because respectable college girls go when they need to. They are smarter than little girls that keep putting it off until they run out of time before they have to leave causing them to get caught short and go pee in their pants. Then they have to endure the humiliation of everyone staring at their pee soaked pants the rest of the day.

Now back to class. The break seamed to short. Just enough time to get to use the bathroom and make it back to class. It might have something to do with the line. There were five girls in front of me in line. If each takes 2 minutes to take care of their business then the 10 minute break gone.

The second half of class should be more interesting. We are going go over chapter one so I shouldn't zone out like the first half of class. After about 45 minutes of listening and taking notes I realize this class might not end up being so bad. Not exciting but it probably won't put me to sleep. I also realize that drinking that whole bottle of Coke during the first half of class may not have been a good idea. My bladder is getting that full feeling. I look at the time and its only been 45 minutes and I need to go again. What's going on with me today? It must be a combination of that first day nervousness and the fact i drank a whole liter of Coke during the first half of class.

With me needing to go again and this section of the class only half over it would have really made it interesting if I had skipped the potty break. My pants would probably be at least a little wet by the end of class, maybe even soaked. What is up with me, where are these thoughts comming from. Why am I thinking about this stuff and why does my heart beat faster every time I think about it?

Oh, thinking about it is making me need to go worse. I catch myself shifting around in my seat and crossing my legs. I have to stop that. I can't let anyone see me squirming around. If they do they will know i have to pee again. I can't handle them knowing I really gotta go. I know i can get up and run to the bathroom but I could never do that. I will just have to hold on and try to relax so no one notices. I can do this, it's no big deal class will be over in a few minutes.

Finally, class is over and I can head to the bathroom. No matter how much I want to run out of the class room and down the hall I can't do that. That would shout out to everyone that I am desperate to pee. I have to stay respectable and walk to the bathroom at a normal pace. There is one of those strange thoughts again. It's almost like a little voice in my head. Going to the bathroom here is no fun, you know you can make it there totally dry. The way to make it interesting is to head straight to you car and try to make it home. That way there is a chance you won't get there in time, especially if you get slowed down by traffic again. As that little voice is telling me this my heart is beating faster and I get tingly all over. No, I am a grown up respectable girl and i will not intentionally set it up so that there is a real chance that I might piss in my pants like i did when i was a little girl.

I walk to the bathroom and do my buisness in the toilet. Head home and start working on my home work. Maybe after a good nights sleep I won't have to pee every 30 minutes and that little voice will go away and stop trying to tempt me to do crazy things.

Let me know what you think and where the story should go from here.

