The Little Voice

Author: AlmostWet

*003*2018-10-18 11:31

The little voice continues

What the little voice says is underlined.

###

I slap the button to shut the alarm off and feel the urge to pee. I would love to stay in my warm cozy bed but I should really get up and go to the bathroom before I put it off to long and take the chance of wetting the bed. Still half asleep, I slowly start crawling out of bed causing my morning pee to shift letting me know my bladder is close to its limit. Oh, I didn't realize I have to go this bad. You know in a wierd sort of way it feels kinda good. It's making my cunny tingle almost like it does when I'm looking at a hot guy. I pause for a minute to make sure everything is under control before heading to the bathroom. I can't believe it, I'm actually getting a rush out of my bladder being almost as full as it can get. Time to get moving, If I stand here thinking about it too long instead of doing something about it I may have an accident.

As I start towards the bathroom I hear the little voice say Good morning. I thought a good nights sleep would get rid of you, I think to it. Oh no, you can't get rid of me that easy. I like it here, I think I'm going to stay for awhile.

What are you doing? I'm going to the bathroom before i pee in my panties. You don't really have to go all that bad. I bet you can hold it till you get to school. What!?, that's an hour and a half from now. I can't hold it that long. I almost pissed myself getting out of bed. Come on, give it a try. You know it will be exciting and you might even make there dry. Fine, if it will make you happy, I'll try to hold it till I'm ready to leave. That's an hour from now.

I'm not sure I can wait that long but I will try. Even if I make it till then there is no way I am leaving with out using the toilet and taking the chance of pissing my pants like when I was a little girl. Good girl. That's a good start. Anyway whats the worst that can happen? Even if our pants get a little damp it's no big deal all we have do is throw them in the washer. We can work on pushing it a little longer each time we do it until we really do piss ourself. Then we start seeing how far we have the nerve to push it away from home.

I have no Idea why I agreed to do my best not to use the bathroom for the next hour when I my bladder is already close to its limit. It's probably because I am still half asleep. It may also have something to do with the rush that I am feeling. My nipples are even hard, and its not even cold in here. I am kinda curious what that is all about.

Here at home I can get away with pushing it a little bit. Its not like I plan on actually pissing in my pants. Just waiting till the very last minute. I can run to the toilet when the first drop is starting to leak out. Not like in class where I am too embarrassed to get up and go so I have no choice but to hold my pee until break no matter what. So, at school I can't put it off and take the chance of getting caught short between breaks. If I do it there there is a real chance I might totally piss myself in front of eveyone. Besides now I'm alone so no one can see me pee pee dancing or find out I am doing this. I'll still be embarrassed when I have to squirm around to hold it but without anyone around i can even hold myself if I have to. If the first few drops leak into my panties as I run to the bathroom I will feel a little bit ashamed but not so much I can't handle it.

Time to head straight for the kitchen and get breakfast. As I see the bathroom door my bladder disagrees. It is sure it will be getting relief like it does every morning at this time. When I get to the door my bladder contracts in anticipation. It's not unusual for my bladder to start trying to push my pee out as I steep through the bathroom door. I never have problems making it to the toilet in time but today is different. I don't step through the door and sit on the toilet. As I walk past it I think to my bladder sorry you are going to have to wait a little bit longer this time. It responds by contracting even harder just like it does every day but every other day I am sitting on the toilet by now.

It doesn't care that I still walking down the hall way. It says it is time for the pee to come out and it's trying its hardest to make that happen. The only way to keep from having the accident I was thinking about a minute ago is to bend over a little bit and cross my leggs. Here we go, time to decide, do I stick to what I agreed to or wimp out and pee in the toilet like every other day. I'm not going to use the bathroom, something is happening because I need to go so bad and I want to find out what it is. I keep walking towards the kitchen but now it's more like hobbling. Crossing my legs is not so embarrassing here at home. There is no one to see squirming because I really need to go.

I must have lost my mind. A minute ago i was thinking that I had better get moving toward the bathroom before I have an accident in my panties and now I am walking right past the bathroom door even though I'm crossing my legs to avoid pissing in my pants. This does remind me of when I was little. I never would go till the last minute. When I say last minute I mean that I would not even start towards the bathroom or even admit I needed to pee till I actually started to leak.

That ment that most of my panties had gotten a little wet more than once or twice. It only caused real problems when my pants were starting to get wet and someone was in the bathroom or we were out of the house where there was no bathroom to run to. Then my pants got more than a little wet. It will be different today. Though I will be holding it till the last minute just like i used to and my panties may end up with a wet spot like when I was little, there is no one else here to occupy the bathroom I will make sure I go pee before leaving the house. So, wet panties maybe but a full accident is unlikely. Soaking myself in public just won't be happening.

I made it to the kitchen. My bladder has backed off trying to go for now. I guess it has accepted that it will have to wait. The need to go is still there. If i stood here and just relaxed pee would end running down my legs but I am no longer on the verge of having an uncontrolable accident. No worries though, I am a big girl that can control herself and I don't plan on going pee pee in my big girl panties.

As I sit down with cereal and a glass of juice I feel wetness down there. Thats strange, I know no pee came out but I'm a little bit wet down there. I put my hand between my legs and touch my crotch finding my PJ pants are still dry. I slip my hand inside my pants finding my panties are wet and sticky. The touch sends a little electric shock right into my pussy. The little voice wispers I told you it would be exciting. All it took was holding it for a few more minutes when you thought you were at your limit to make you wet horny. Just imagine how much it will effect you when you keep holding it till you really do have an accident. Hold on a minute! I only agreed to hold it this morning and that is just because i was curious. I never agreed to the rest of it. You haven't yet but you will. The more you do it the more excited it will make you and the more you will want to do it.

Eating breakfast took thirty minutes. Only a half hour before I have to leave. Time to brush my hair and get dressed. I will brush my teeth on my way out the door. I don't want to loose control and pee before its time to leave. There is no doubt in my mind that my bladder will give me trouble as soon as I step into the bathroom. If that doesn't make me start peeing the water running while I brush my teeth will.

Deep breath, I know what is going to happen when I walk towards the bathroom. Regardless of how bad it gets I am determined not to use the toilet until it's time to leave. Here we go. I start down the hall to my bedroom but all my bladder knows is that we are headed towards the bathroom. Once again it starts contracting thinking I am going to stop and use the toilet. I tell it not yet, wait just a little longer and I will take you to the toilet. This time it tells me that's not a good idea I have to go now not in a little bit. If we don't stop right now I'm going to make you start peeing whether you want to or not. It's up to you it can happen in the toilet or in your pants. I say out loud Nope, no toilet until after we get dressed and come back to the bathroom to brush our teeth.

I cross my legs again trying to maintain control but that is not enough this time. Even with my leggs crossed I can still feel the pee coming down my urethra. Its right at the edge, if it goes any further it will be in my panties. I have push my finger against my pee hole to stop the piss from leaking out right here and now. As I put preasure on my pee hole more of the electricity tingles my pussy. I feel my pee pushing against my finger. This time my finger is all that is preventing an accident.

I have to keep walking. If I stay here it won't be long before even my finger won't be able to hold it in. I take a step and it makes my finger brush against my clit causing lightning bolts surge through my pussy. The lightning makes me jump which moves my finger off my pee hole for a split second. Oh shit, a spurt of pee leaks out. Not much, just a tiny bit but enough to make a small wet spot on my panties. Wow, my heart is beating faster and I'm breathing hard. My panties are starting to get really wet but its from more than just the pee. I sure am glad there is no one around to see this the embaresment would be more that I could take.

I keep walking towards my room. Every step makes my finger rub my clit it feels like I am frigging myself. Being on the edge of pissing myself is making it way more intense that I have ever felt before. I make it there without any more pee leaking into my panties. By the time I get there I am super horny and want to keep going till I have a good cum. Cumming right now is probably not a good idea. I bet I would end up pissing all over myself and make a big mess. Looking at the clock and see I have just enough time to get ready and head out the door. No time to get myself off, looks like i will have to suffer through the day being all hot and bothered.

Once I get to my room the urge isn't quite as bad. I still really have to go but I no longer need my finger down there plugging the dike. Damn, that was close, I almost had an accident. But I didn't cause big girls don't have accidents. My big girl panties only have a few drops of pee pee in them and that doesn't count because it's not an accident if my pants are still dry.

Now that I don't have to hold my crotch any more I can get dressed. Off comes the night shirt revealing that my nipples are as hard as little rocks. As it comes off it rubs against my nipples and its their turn for lightning bolts to shoot through them. The lightning seem to go straight from my nipples to my pussy making it tense up. It makes me feel like I am starting to pee again but nothing comes out. Thats strange, when I started having an accident it made me horny and now that I'm horny it's making me feel like I having accident.

On goes the plain old bra over my rock hard nipples. I hope my nipples go down enough that the bra can hide them. On top of that another plain shirt that won't draw any attention. Off come the PJ pants and my panties. The pants are still dry and the wet spot on the panties is only about an inch across. I could go to class with them on and no one would ever know I had a little leak. Of course I would never go to school in wet panties but I could because my pants are still dry. A quick wipe with a baby wipe to get the sticky girly juices off. The wipe going across my clit makes my whole body tense up and my hips push forward against my hand.

I start rubing myself without even thinking about it. It feel so good I don't want to stop but it's making the pee try come out again. If I keep going I will start pissing and won't be able to stop. I force myself to pull my hand away and try to catch my breath. I pull on a dry pair of panties. Make sure you pick pair a dark blue jeans just in case you can't make it all the way to school then the wet spot will not be so visible. Sure I wonder if I could make it and yes it would be exciting to do but no way I will ever try it on the way to class. I'm not going to take the chance of having an accident on the way to school. Maybe not, but you know It would be fun to try. I might think about doing it on the way home some day. But I will be peeing before I leave for class.

All dressed. Now for the dash to the bathroom. Once I start that way I know my body will start peeing and I won't be able to stop it this time. I just have to run to the toilet and get my pants down before it starts comming out. Here we go. Squeeze the kegel muscles tight and hold it in as long as I can. I'm almost to the bathroom door before my body realized where I am going. As I go through the door I can feel it starting to flow through my urethra. No matter how hard I squeeze my muscles I can't even slow it down this time. I'm at the toilet, I'm not peeing yet but it is right at the edge and there is no stopping it.

My pants down and they are still dry. I'm reaching for my panties... of fuck, oh fuck, im pissing my big girl panties and i can't stop it. I grab them an pull them down as fast as I can but they are soaked. The stream is comming out so hard it look likes it's comming from a garden hose. It feels so good. So intense. I think I'm going to... Then the flow slows to a trickle and stops. My god, how did peeing almost make orgasm. I will have to figure it out later. I'm running late. wipe off and get another pair of dry panties and get going so I won't late.

That is the second pair of big girl panties your have gotten wet today and this pair is way more than just a little bit wet. Boy this is fun.

###

So, how do you like it so far? Any ideas or suggestions?

*007*2018-11-13 13:09

About 8 PM there is a knock on the door. It is my neighbor and her tweenage daughter. She immediately starts apologizeing all over herself explaining that she was called into work unexpectedly for an overnight shift and has no one to keep an eye on her daughter. She is almost begging me to let her daughter sleep over to avoid her being alone all night.

I have no problem with her spending the night but she will have to sleep on the couch. I think her mom is going to smother me in thanks. She then steps closer and wispers in my ear that her daughter still sometimes wets the bed and hands me a bag with a change of clothes and package of large Good Nights inside. Make sure she wears her night time underwear tonight to keep your couch dry but don't let her put them on before bed time. Maybe you can sneak one for yourself. Don't worry I will look after her. You get going before your late for work.

Once her mom left and I closed the door I hand her the bag and and suggest that she take it to the bathroom. Then you can pull up Netflix and pick out a movie to watch while I fix us something for dinner. I throw a pizza in the oven and get out a 2 litter Coke along with two cups.

After putting the pizzza in the oven I head back to the living room and find her in a night shirt and a Good Night. It's a little early for bed isn't it? She says ya, but I'm kinda tired. I think I might fall asleep during the movie and I don't want to get your couch wet. I see you put a pair of your night time undies on. She blushes and says Ya, Ya, I'm wearing it but please don't tell anybody about it and please, please don't tell mom I put it on before bed time, she would be pissed. I assure her that her secret is safe with me. Now lets start the movie. You should put one on too, that way you won't have to intrupt the movie for any silly potty breaks. No way, how would I explain it if she saw me wearing one.

We spend the next two hours eating pizza, drinking way to much Coke and watching the movie. About half way through the movie the excessive about of Coke catches up with me and I really need to pee. Come on, try to wait till the end of the movie. I will be fun. If she wasn't here I might indulge you but I can't even think about doing that with her beside me.

I'll be back in a minute. All that Coke ran right through me. She looks at me and laughs, maybe you should have put a pull up on before the movie too. Your skiny enough, I bet they would fit you. I notice she is squrming around as she says it but figure she old enough to go when she needs to. I stick my tongue out at her and say very funny. Then I head to the bathroom and take care of business.

After the movie she says I need to go into the bathroom then I want to go to sleep. I tell her go ahead, I will take the dishes to the kitchen while you go pee and then take my own potty break before going to bed. We need our beauty sleep cause we both have to go to school in the morning.

As I walk into the bathroom I notice a wet pull up in the trash can. Poor thing she must have had an accident during the movie. So, that's why she wanted to get ready for bed before the movie. She knew she was going to have to go before the movie was over and didn't want to interrupt the movie just to use the bathroom. When you had to get up to use the bathroom she did say you should have put on a pull up before the movie too. Maybe she did it on purpose, and maybe she really thought she could wait to the end of the movie and just tried to hold it a little to long and had an accident. Either way I could never do that in front of anyone.

The next morning I wake up feeling bloated and crampy. What a lovely way to start the day, with my period. This will be interesting. You always have to pee more often during your time of the month. I get up a and find her still asleep. I let her sleep while I take a quick shower. While getting dressed I put a pad in panties. That is my last pad. No problem I'm not flowing heavy yet so It should last all day. I just have to remember to get more on the way home. You know, this pad is almost like a little diaper, I'll bet it can absorb quite a bit. You can let out several drips and maybe even a squirt or two before you would have to worry about it overflowing. You should wear on next time you watch a movie. Just because she was willing to wet herself to avoid interupting the movie doesn't mean I am. But I will think about it as long as there is no one else around.

I go into her room and wake her up. Hop out of bed and go take a shower while I get breakfast ready. She whines that she doesn't want to. I pull the covers off her and say time to wakey up. She tries to roll back over so I I say you ask for it, Tickle, Tickle as I start tickling her. She says don't do that unless you want your bed to get wet. Your going to make me pee and I don't think my pull can hold any more. I keep tickling her and laugh saying in that case you better get up before you have an accident. She jumps up and runs towards the bathroom like her pants are on fire. Or in this case with little drops starting to trickle down her legs. Hurry up your starting to drip.

As I get to the bathroom I find the door open I look in and see her standing in the shower with pee leaking out of her pull up and running down her legs. She giggles and says, see I told you it couldn't hold any more. I tell her to put her pull up in the trash can with the one you wet during the movie so we can carry them out when we go. Her giggles fade away and she looks like she is about to burst into tears. She says I'm sorry, Please don't spank me. It was really was an accident. I tried to make it but I just couldn't hold it.

I shush her and say, you don't need to worry about that. Like I said your secret is safe with me. Any way the only reason you wet yourself this morning is because I tickled you. And the accident last night was partially my fault. I shouldn't let you have that much to drink while you were watching a really good movie. Though you could have made it that time if you didn't try to hold it so long. Yes, I noticed you were squrming like a worm as you made fun of me for running to the bathroom. But don't worry about it I used to do the same thing. I understand that accidents happen, especially when you put off going to long because your doing something fun and don't want to stop. I will never get mad at you because you don't make it to the bathroom in time. Now get cleaned up and ready for school.

She got showered. We ate breakfast and watched TV for about an hour then it was time to go. I ask her do you need to use the bathroom one last time before we leave? She said no, I will be fine. I told her well, I am going to. You never know about traffic around here and its best not to get caught without a bathroom when you really need one.

I dropped her off at school and told her to have a fun day. She said I had fun, and thanks again for not getting mad at me. I responded come back any time. Have a good day, try to behave yourself. Then I got myself to school, took one last pee before class and got the day started.

Because my period makes me have to pee more often I am going to slowly sip on my Coke today instead of drinking it like i normally do. That way hopefully I can avoid needing to go to badly before break time. I notice that the girl sitting beside me today is not sipping on her water. She already drank two bottles and we haven't even gotten to break yet. That's ok, she is a big girl she can take care of herself. Just like the neighbor girl took care of herself last night. But I don't think this one is wearing a Good Night. Behave yourself, college kids don't wet their pants in class.

So far today is being a good day. Its break time and even though I on my period I'm going to bake it to the bathroom in plenty of time. Come on be a sport, make the day more interesting by waiting till the end of class to go. Nope, you know the rule, no putting of going to the bathroom in public. We only play that game at home when no one else is around. I head to the bathroom and unsuprisingly the girl that drank all the water and a couple of others go along with me. When we get there we find a sign that says "Temporarily closed due to water being turned off" Goody, the day just got more interesting and there is nothing you can do about it.

Of course my bladder contracts in anticipation. I think to myself damn I really need to cross my legs but no way I'm going to do that and let everyone know how bad I need to go. Oh shit, I'm starting to leak. One dribble makes its way out before I can clamp down and stop it. Everything is back under control. No harm done, my pad soaked the leak right up. Good thing I'm on my period otherwise there would be a little wet spot on my pants right now. Now all I have to do is get my heart rate under control. See how hot and itchy you are down there. And all from one little leak in front of all these people. Just imagine how desperate you will be by the end of class. Maybe you can hold it till the end of class and maybe not. The pad will soak up another leak or two but what if you do more than that? It will have you so horny you might even have an orgasm right in the class room.

The well hydrated girl has her legs crossed and is saying oh, this is bad, I really need to go and class is only half over. I ask her if she is going to be ok. She says ah, ya, I think so. I think I can hold it. Or at least I hope I can. I tell her don't worry we will be fine. It's only an hour and a half and then we will be free to get out of here and find a bathroom that actually works. I only wish I had as much confidence as I am showing.

(to be continued)

