Up There With the Big Girls

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2013-12-15 22:37

Mindi was all tingly inside. Though just an eighth grader, she had been invited to march with the high school band in the annual Christmas parade. What an honor! she had worked hard to earn it.

"Dress warmly, Dear." Mindi's Mom stuck her head into the bedroom yet another time to check and hopefully hasten her daughter's preparations for the parade. It was a cold December, and Mindi had dressed warmly. Over panties and her first "A" cup bra, she struggled into her brother's union suit long johns he wore hunting. Then a pair of jeans and a sweater, and finally a band uniform. It was several sizes too big for her, but with all the underclothing, it fit Mindi perfectly.

"Let's eat!" Obviously Dad was hungry. Mindi trumped down the stairs to the family dining room. She was surprised how much her movement was restricted by all her clothing. "Blessing." Dad, again. Everyone bowed his head for the grace, then dug into stacks of pancakes, syrup and hot coffee. Yes, this morning Mindi was being allowed a cup of coffee! She was up there with the big girls now.

"Be sure to peepee before we go," Mindi's Mom reminded her. "Remember what happened when we went shopping."

How could Mindi forget! The damn mall was ten miles long, and the restroom at one end was closed for repair, so Mindi had to find Mom and the others and tell them, then hike all the way down to the other end to the other bathroom. She didn't make it. Mindi shuddered at the recall. Muscles straining, resistance giving way, an audible hiss, peepee squirting into her panties and running down her legs. Then the endless walk back to find Mom; how many eyes followed? How many snide snickers did Mindi hear?

"Yeah, don't forget to peepee. I don't want you wetting in my long johns." Mindi's brother smiled as he kidded her; he wasn't mean, but he did like to kid her, and peepeeing in his long johns would be a long time forgotten.

In the bathroom, Mindi worked through the layers of her clothing, until at last she managed to pull down her panties and sit down. Ahhhhh! "A good pee is better than sex," shed heard some older girls say. Then they giggled. Mindi didn't know about sex. She got funny feelings around boys, but an embarrassed kiss was as far as she'd gone. But pee -- that Mindi knew well. A good pee did feel sooo good. Sometimes Mindi held extra long, just to enhance the final pleasure. Had the mall been such an accident? Maybe.

"Let's roll!" Mindi patted herself dry, pulled up and buttoned, zipped, or otherwise fastened her multi-layered accoutrements. Grabbing her trombone, Mindi ran -- waddled, rather -- out the door to the car.

"Did you remember to peepee, Dear?"

"Yes, Mom." And they were on their way.

...

Two hours later the school bus unloaded at the parade marshaling grounds. It was an open field at the edge of town. There were no facilities, but it was big and flat and convenient. This was always the parade lined up.

"Fall in!" The drum major has a voice like a fog horn. The band quickly coalesced in formation. Mindi glanced one last longing time at the distant woods. Way too far. She was jealous of the band boys; they just formed a tight circle and peed on the ground. Fifty guys peeing at one time sounded like Niagara falls. Yuk! Mindi would just hold her pee, thank you.

It was another half hour before the parade stepped off, and Mindi was beginning to clinch now and then as the pressure mounted in her bladder. She wished she's foregone that second cup of coffee. But when the band got into motion, Mindi forgot her discomfort. She was marching in the Christmas parade! Mindi was up there with the big girls.

As the band marched past the courthouse, Mindi almost made a misstep. It was getting increasingly hard to concentrate on marching with pee straining to free itself from one's dIstended bladder. But Mindi corrected herself, and a half hour later the parade was over. There was the bus. "Mount up!" And the ride back to the high school began.

The bud was warm, soooo nice after a sub-freezing parade. Mindi settled into a seat. She squeezed both hands between her thighs. Just half an hour more. Mindi was hurting, but she would make it.

And she did. When the bus doors opened everyone made a mad rush through the band room to the bathrooms. When Mindi rounded the corner and saw the line at the girl's room, her heart sank. There must have been twenty girls in front of her. How long would it take for twenty -- correction, twenty-one girls -- to use three stalls! Mindi shuddered to think about it.

Oops! Oops! Don't shudder, Mindi. Keep holding! Keep holding!

Damn those boys! Their line was down to one. Now he was in and out, before the girl's line moved at all. "Let's use the boy's room," Christi suggested. Three girls broke line and headed toward the other door. Strength in numbers, Mindi though. But she could never do that.

Mindi surprised herself by actually making it home dry -- well, almost dry; there was that one little trickle. Dad was impatient to get home for the game on TV, and Mindi had never made it to the girl's room. She was in agony, but she was still holding.

Waddling to her room, Mindi began quickly to undress: Uniform, jeans, sweater.... Click, click, click. Mindi turned to see her brother taking pictures. "Smile," he said; "I want all my friends to see what my long johns look like on a girl.

"Don't you dare!" Mindi grabbed for the camera, then tried to cover herself with her sweater.

Oh no! Mindi shouldn't have bent down to pick up the sweater. A squirt of hot pee in her panties straightened her quickly and with a squeak.

But it was too late. Mini grabber her crotch as a dark stain spread between, the down her legs.

"Woah!" Mindi's brother exclaimed, laughing. Mindi didn't know whether to laugh or cry, so she just bent over and held herself, and peed and peed.

When she could move, Mindi turned and started for the bathroom, trying (unsuccessfully) to cover her wet seat with both hands.

And that's the picture that went viral on the internet.

