The story of Kara and Tim

Author: Ongeluk

*000*2011-09-21 22:08

Hi guys, I've been away for a little longer than I'd expected.

Anyway here's the next part of the Wet Morning

It's scattered across several posts, I'll try to make a clean, fully edited pdf in the future.

As always, any comment is welcome (especially the argumented comments)

When I woke up the next morning the sun was shining low in the spotless blue sky. It was quite early – well, it was around nine, that's early for me on a Sunday - but I was in a cheerful mood and I wanted to make good use of it. I had been dreaming about Kara the whole night long. She had called me a few hours after I had fled her house the day before. After endless minutes of embarrassed apologies from both parts, she had told me she needed help about some math stuff for a test on Monday. Of course, I had gladly accepted.

Time to suit up! After a long deliberation with myself, I settled for an elegant white shirt with subtle embroidments and simple navy blue short pants. And so I went to the kitchen for breakfast.

“Hi mom.” I said with an unusually cheerful voice.

“Hi. You woke up early today.” she replied with the same tone.

“It happens...” I started eating as fast as I could.

“You dressed up quite nicely.” she added, “Are you going on a date?”

Gulp! Why does she have to ask that?

“No... I... I told Kara I would... help her study... for her math test.” I blushed.

“Oh, that's so nice of you...” She smiled. “You're cute. Good luck!”

“I'm just giving her some lessons you know, it's not like I... I mean, she's nice but... I don't expect to...” Gosh, why am I talking about this with my mom?

“It's okay sweetie,” She grinned, “See you later.”

“Bye” I was on my way.

I fled the house and ran towards Kara's. I took a minute to catch my breath before pushing the doorbell. I was soon greeted by the wonderful sight of Her opening the door In Person and revealing Her charming shape. She wore an adorable light green dress over a white pair of thighs. Her shoulders and arms were uncovered and the visible softness of Her pale skin blinded me as much as if I'd looked directly at the sun. And then, Her face. So gorgeous, almost divine, certainly undefinable. Gifted with a wide shiny smile pointing directly to the the most charming blue eyes you would ever see...

“Hi Tim” Her smile grew even larger as her eyes shone even more.

“Hello...” I'm supposed to give her lessons? I'm barely able to talk to her.

Fortunately, it got easier as we briefly discussed the usual nothingness on our way to her room. Ben was out for the morning, so we wouldn't be interrupted in our work. We sat at her desk and started to revise her tests, helping her redo the questions she answered wrong.

As I was trying to explain why she shouldn't divide by zero, I lost her attention. She started looking around nervously and couldn't sit still on her chair. We had been busy for an hour already and it was normal for her concentration to fade after a while.

“Come on, just pay attention to this then we'll have a break.” I said, yet unaware of the real reason of her distraction.

She managed to make an effort for a couple of minutes before I lost her again. This time she sat with her right hand between her legs, shaking occasionally. Her face was pale, her eyes half closed and she was biting her lower lip as if in great pain. I suddenly realized the obvious cause of her discomfort.

Now, if she needed to use the bathroom, why didn't she say so? Would she be so shy as to not daring to interrupt me? Would she rather wet herself again? Another thing that amazed me was the speed at which her desperation had grown. She looked just fine five minutes before, and now she was wiggling as if she had been holding it for hours, ready to soak her panties right there if nothing was done in the next seconds.

I must admit, a part of me would have loved to see her soak her innocent outfit. I could imagine the pressurized liquid mass pushing harder and harder on her little girl's muscles, quickly weakening them and ready to launch an ultimate assault that would inevitably create an unsealable breach in her last line of defense. When the first spurts would dampen her panties, inducing to her private parts a warm feeling she wouldn't be able to enjoy, her feeble floodgate would admit its defeat and allow the hot torrent to humiliate the poor girl completely.

The powerful stream would have no trouble getting past the soaked panties, drench her thighs in no time and attack the thicker fabric of her sacrificed dress. Then she would feel the warm moisture soil the soft skin of her fingers while an equivalent feeling would spread under her butt. Tears would start to roll down her cheeks and she would free her right hand from its now useless task in order to hide her shameful face. I could picture her sweet urine cascading down her legs, darkening her white thighs, drawing explicit patterns on her lower dress and splashing on the ground in a perfect mix with the chaotic tempo of her sobs.

“Hmm...” Her groaning pulled me back to reality. A prudent glance indicated that she was still dry, but in heavy pain, burning her last forces. If I didn't do something, that would be the end of our little 'date'.

“Kara... hmm... do you need to... to use the... hmm...” I really suck at this.

“Yes.” she admitted shyly.

“Well? Then go! What are you waiting for?” Come on, Kara, you're thirteen, just run to that freaking bathroom!

“Thank you.” she mumbled as she stood up in great efforts.

As she struggled to make her way to the door without losing control, I didn't even need to hurry in order to reach it before her. I opened it for her so she could keep her hands at their vital task. When she passed by, besides checking her whole body to notice one more time how beautiful she was, I paid special attention to her crucial spots hunting for an incriminating stain or some other revealing evidence. She was annoyingly dry when after a painful and humiliating procession, she closed the bathroom's door behind her. After just a few seconds, I heard the loud sound of her pee splashing in the toilet's water, first like several randomly spaced spurts before it changed into a powerful steady stream that lasted longer than I could hold my breath.

To be continued very soon

