Adventure into The Unknown

Author: Ishigreensa

*009*2011-07-08 10:18

This is the older part, because I want to have the newer parts in the first post. I will now edit the first post to show Chapter Four and add to it when Chapter Five and Six are done.

I think this way, those that want to follow the story won't have to search though the pages to find the newer parts, but those interested in doing so, may do just that.

Please mods, let me organize this this way. I know it's different from what you are used to seeing, but I think it makes finding the newer parts easier for those that are following the story, and those that want to read it for the first time after it has already started... well, they can do the research if they like the latest parts.

Chapter One

“The Pulling”

Sandra walked through the corridors of the high school towards the office to accept her sentence, three days of in-school suspension, for the fight she had had with Robyn just the day before. She was not looking forward to this, and this being her first detention ever, she felt very nervous at what would be expected.

The sixteen year old sand colored blond with blue sparkling eyes and rosy cheeks was fairly popular among both boys and teachers, so some of her favorite teachers should wonder what would have caused her to snap as she had done yesterday, but it was no wonder to her. Robyn had been asking for it all year.

She wore a tan blouse on this day and some cut up stylish, but old jeans. Breakfast had been light in comparison to usual, and she even wore hiking shoes rather than her usual heels on this day. Everything felt different about going to detention.

Kim was in her first hour of P.E. when she started to feel like today was different though nothing about her appearance or the things around her seemed to confirm that. Her blue-black hair fell softly to her shoulders. Her green eyes were watching another girl dressing nearby. Her hands with painted pink nails were struggling to pull off her stylish jeans which were faded from wear and wash.

In another part of the world, Sook Nyul was walking down a narrow street through markets that were closing towards her home after a long day at school. The fifteen year old brown eyed girl had matt black hair that barely touched her shoulders.

The walk home was rather boring as usual, and no one really talked to her either at school or anywhere else. She was so different and in the words of a teenager, weird.

Across a small sea which was really a part of the Pacific Ocean, Mizuki was walking along with two of her best friends whom she had known since elementary school. Juku finally being finished for the day, they were chatting about the exams for the Tokyo University though those would not come for them for another couple of years.

Mizuki had her hair in two pigtails that went out the sides of her head rather than towards the back. Her brown eyes shined with life and energy.

As they approached her apartment buildings, the girls called out their usual last words and Mizuki headed for the apartment door that would take her in to see her mother.

In still some other part of the world but much further south, there was a girl that was named Jennifer that was now eating lunch with her classmates.

Jennifer was a strong girl, and she rarely took any word from another when she thought they were being disrespectful towards her.

Amy, some white kid who had grown up with as prejudiced parents as one could, looked around the cafeteria and decided to intrude upon Jennifer’s space. She had ten girls in tow with her, and Jennifer’s table was the only one that had almost enough seats left for them all to sit together.

“Get up,” Amy demanded of Jennifer and her friend.

“Why?”

“Because this is our table.”

“I don’t see your name on it.”

A bit of shoving lead to more violent pushing which concluded in a fierce tussle of hair pulling, hitting, biting and whatever that landed both girls in the office of the school director.

Jennifer had long black braided hair that fell nearly to her bottom. Her skin was, of course, dark but smooth and it was more brown than black. She had purple lip gloss on her lips and purple eye shadow above her eyes.

A black t-shirt and black jeans covered her body modestly though if she had had her way, she would have worn her supermodel mini-skirt and a sleeveless shirt that showed her belly, but of course her mother would never let her out the door like that.

The girls were all different and this story would show no connection at all, except for one thing that they all felt at the same time. There was a pulling. It wasn’t something physical that made them drop what they were doing or slow their actions, but it was a feeling that something was going to happen.

The day’s events felt dream-like. There was an eeriness as the girls approached the next door frame that they were walking towards. They walked towards it at the same moment.

Sandra was walking through the door frame that led to the detention room, Kim was walking through the girls’ room exit into the pool room, Sook was opening the door to her apartment and starting to step through the entrance hall, Mizuki was walking through her apartment door, and Jennifer was walking into the office for her school.

The five girls took their first step in since, and as nothing special happened, they completed their step into their respective rooms when they saw not the room they expected, but a field about them and four other girls staring at them as though wondering how they had happened to be whisked there, and ready to fight or flee.

Sandra and Jennifer were already in an offensive stance ready to fight. Mizuki looked behind her for the door she had just stepped through to find it missing, Sook looked for the nearest escape route but hesitated to move, and Kim put her hands to her face in surprise and gasped. “What the fuck?”

The five stared at one another for several moments before any of them made a move. Finally, the initial shock wearing off, Jennifer was the first to make a move.

“Well,” Jennifer decided that introductions were in order. “I’m Jennifer Saya. Since we are all in the same boat, we might as well know who we are stuck with.”

“Yeah, I guess you’re right,” Sandra agreed. “I’m Sandra. So, does anyone know where we are at all?”

One by one the girls introduced themselves and confirmed that no one really know where they were.

“Great,” Jennifer said sarcastically. “Well, at least we all speak French.”

“Don’t you mean English?” Sandra asked.

“No, it doesn’t seem right,” Mizuki added. “I took English for many years, but now I’m using my native Japanese tongue, so whatever has brought us here, seems to have given us the ability to understand one another.”

“Do you mean like Magic?” Kim asked a bit quietly.

“Maybe,” Mizuki considered. “What is important is that somehow we are communicating, so we can use that to our advantage.”

“True,” Jennifer agreed. “So what now?”

The girls looked around the sea of grass and the expanse of it seemed to go on forever. To one side, they could see the sun starting to drift downward. In the distance perpendicular to the sun’s route, they could see the silhouette of a building rising out of the field.

“Perhaps, we should explore that,” Sandra told the others.

“I guess Sook doesn’t talk much,” Kim observed.

Sook Nyul blushed in the setting light.

The five girls started to walk towards the unknown building in the distance, but something told them that they were being watched, and that perhaps the faster they made it there, the better. The girls felt as though they were being pushed towards the building but still they did not see any pursuers.

Sook, somehow feeling that they were about to be overrun by something, dropped to the ground without any thought. Jennifer observing this action, having grown up in Africa where it was best to hide if you could when you were being pursued realized the wisdom in this and also dropped to the ground.

Sandra, Kim, and Mizuki shrugged not knowing what the two girls were up to. They looked around wondering what was chasing them, and they watched as Jennifer, reaching out with her hands to feel the ground for twigs and other things that would make sounds giving her away, found a spear that she pulled up from the deep grass.

“Where did that come from?” Sook whispered.

“Just in the grass. There are lots of weapons in here. I think there must have been some kind of battle here before.”

Sook reached about and found that indeed, she could find a long sword and a dagger in the grass. She somehow felt that these things might be needed if the beings that were watching them were going to be hostile, she he kept them. Sandra looked down at her feet and also noticed a long sword and a bow. She picked these up without thought as the other two had done.

Mizuki reached down not really seeing the weapon before her hand grasped the pole of her own spear. And finally Kim pulled up a bag of sorts and a dagger. She felt around for some bigger weapon but could not find any.

“Just my luck,” she thought. “Well, better a dagger than nothing I supposed, but what of a bag? Maybe there might be something inside more useful?”

Reaching into the bag, she found that it had folder-like dividers that kept papers within it organized. She pulled out one paper to make sense of it, and the paper made even less sense. It had the Title Burning Hands scrawled across the top, and it had some strange directions scribbled beneath it.

“Well, I guess there must be a better weapon somewhere,” Kim complained towards the others.

The only things, that Sandra found, were arrows to go with her bow and an arrow bag to keep them in. Sook also found a bow and some arrows and Jennifer found four nicely made throwing spears which were shorter than the first spear she had found.

“Here,” she threw one of the shorter spears towards Kim. “You can try to use this until you find something better.” The shorter spear landed in the found sticking up towards her hand.

Kim took the spear still a little upset that she had not found anything better.

“Get low,” Jennifer told the other three girls. “Something is getting closer, and maybe it’ll miss us or at least let us have the advantage of surprise if it can’t see us.”

The other three girls quietly crouched down low.

Kim put the burning hands paper back in the bag and pulled out another paper which read the invisible hut across the top as the title. She shrugged thinking that it wouldn’t hurt to see what the paper said.

Close your eyes and imagine the safest room you’ve ever been in. With that image in mind, and keeping your eyes closed, reach out and pull as though you are opening a door. When you open your eyes, you should see that room around you, but the walls will be translucent, and you’ll be able to see the things outside as well. If you want to invite others into the safety of the invisible hut, simply tell them to open their own door, and they will appear in your little room. To leave the invisible hut, those with you only need to walk beyond the walls, but once you walk beyond the walls, the spell will end, and the hut will disappear.

The paper seemed so detailed that Kim wondered why anyone would go through the trouble of writing such things down if it really didn’t work.

“Kim,” Jennifer warned. “You are still not down enough, and I think I see some of the creatures coming now.”

“Creatures?”

“Yes. They aren’t men, but they aren’t animals either,” she whispered.

Kim closed her eyes and began to follow what the paper had said. When she opened her eyes, she could see that she was standing in the middle of the kitchen of her house. There were no doors or any connecting points though. It was only her kitchen.

“Quick,” Kim whispered to her new friends. “Close your eyes and pull the air like you are opening a door.”

Mizuki did so as though she had naturally expected it to do something, but the other three girls looked towards Kim’s position as though she were crazy, except, they couldn’t see her.

“Where are you?” Jennifer whispered.

“Just do what I said,” Kim said quickly.

Sook was the next to do so, and she was in the kitchen with Kim and Mizuki. The other two girls realized that Sook disappeared from their very eyes, and they shrugged and did the same thing.

The five girls looked at the shimmering translucent walls and waited still with their weapons out by chance that they may need them. One of the creatures that chased them ran through the grass, and the girls caught the first glance of this menacing monster.

It had brown fur all over its short body. Fangs protruded past it’s upper lip from its jaw, it had a pig snout, and it carried short swords upon it’s back when it ran on both its hands and feet like a cat. However, as it neared them, it sniffed the air, stood up and pulled the short sword from its back. It kept walking near the invisible hut, but kept coming just short of it not knowing, it seemed, that it was just outside the walls of the building.

“I smell magic,” one of the creatures that came into view said in a throat-like growl to the one that had first arrived.

“No matter. We have no time for whatever we had smelled. We must be off to Norak at once,” the other creature growled back. In all, fifteen such creatures gathered before they all put their swords back on their backs in the scabbards that they carried, and then they raced off on their hands and feet again like big cats.

“That was close,” Sook said. “There is no way we could have all fended them off even if we knew how to use these weapons we have. So, it seems that Kim has some special skills that saved us.”

“I wonder how you knew how to read that paper,” Sandra looked at Kim.

“Can’t you read it? It looks English to me.”

“No. I only see symbols and strange curvy lines when I look,” Sandra replied. None of the others could read the paper at all.

“Maybe, that’s why she found that bag,” Mizuki said.

“What? You mean someone like gave it to her?”

“Well, do you know anything about spirits?” Mizuki asked Jennifer.

“I know something about them, yes. I believe that they can guide you at times.”

“Well, what if the spirits had guided us to pick up the tools we were supposed to find?”

“Why would they do that though? We don’t even know if are in our world or not.”

“We aren’t,” Mizuki said. “I can feel that the balances are off.”

“Are you some kind of monk?” Kim asked her.

“No, but my family have been raised in the old ways which were mixed with Buddha practices a long time ago, and I’ve learned a lot about what the spirits can and can’t do.”

The girls looked at one another.

“Well,” Jennifer considered. “I suppose that a spear would be my weapon of choice if I had to fight. I have trained with a spear before for hunting.”

“I also know something about fencing,” Sandra said doubtfully. “But this weapon is way too heavy to use as I’ve learned. It will definitely require some additional practice to understand it.”

The girls all considered their tools, and though Sook also didn’t know much about her sword, she did realize that the dagger could be used much like she had learned to fight with street knives.

“I wonder if this place has any real food,” Kim asked aloud. Opening the cupboards and fridge however, she quickly learned that it was bare. “I guess we’ll have to find our own food.”

Jennifer said she could probably round up something, and with a bow in hand, Sandra said she’d go and try to get used to her bow. The girls pulled at thin air, and they seemed to melt out of the room. They could not see the girls inside the room, but the girls could see them through the transparent wall.

“You should mark your place,” Sook told them before they walked off. “You’ll want to be able to find us again.”

Jennifer nodded and stuck one of the shorter spears into the ground next to where she came out of the invisible hut, and she tied the ribbon from her hair on it.

“Now we can find the hut again as long as it doesn’t move or disappear,” she declared.

“Don’t worry, it won’t move,” Kim said cheerfully, and I don’t think it will disappear until I leave it.”

“That’s one useful magic you have there,” Mizuki commented.

The two girls left the invisible barrier together to find some food. Jennifer and Sandra crept through the grass hoping for something to come out quickly. Sandra looked back and realized that she was hopelessly lost from where the invisible room was.

“Jennifer,” she whispered nervously. “I don’t know if you realize it or not, but I think we are lost.”

“We aren’t lost,” Jennifer was very confident. “We came from that direction.”

“How do you know?”

“When you’ve hunted all your life in the wilderness like I have, you don’t easily get lost,” she whispered. “Be quiet, I think I see something we can eat.”

Sandra looked in the direction she was pointing, and she saw a deer.

The two girls crept up a bit closer to their quarry.

In the invisible room, Sook looked around and realized that she couldn’t see any toilets or washrooms. “It doesn’t even come with plumbing,” she complained.

“Why does it need plumbing?” Kim asked not understanding what that had to do with anything.

“Well, I have to pee,” Sook said.

“Oh, well, you can just go out in the grass and no one will really notice,” Mizuki said.

“I’d rather not,” Sook complained. “I have no idea of what is out in the grass, and I’m getting a bit worried about Sandra and Jennifer too. What if they met more of those monsters?”

“Well, it’s not going to help worrying about that,” Mizuki said. “If you are reluctant to go outside, why don’t you help me with this stove.”

There was a stove, but it was not a modern one. It was an old wood burning contraption which somehow, had wood already provided next to the stove. The wood wasn’t much mind you, maybe enough for getting the stove hot once maybe twice, but it would at least help warm them as the sun went down.

Sook’s leg was starting to shake, but she went over to the stove to help Mizuki. Kim, on the other hand, went to her bag to pull out the Burning Hands paper. She figured that there was no point in trying to do it the hard way if she had something like magic to help her.

Burning Hands:

Spread your hands so your fingers are far apart but your thumbs are touching. Now, concentrate on the fanning shape of fire bursting from your hands. The flames should shoot out a few inches, up to as far as a foot from your fingers. Be careful not to had anything in front of your hands that you don’t want burned. The magic will only last a moment, so don’t expect the flames to stay very long.

“I have something that should help start the fire,” Kim said as the girls prepared the logs. “You two should stand back though as I’m not sure how strong this magic is.”

Sook and Mizuki backed away from Kim as she fanned her fingers over the exposed log that was placed into the stove. She imagined the flames shooting from her fingers and she waited for moments until suddenly, there was a flash of light, and the logs were suddenly burning.

“That was fast,” Mizuki commented.

“Spooky,” Sook said. “I’m glad I wasn’t in front of you. There was almost no warning of what you were going to do.”

The wood smoldered, but it didn’t really catch.

“Rats,” Kim cursed. “I think we need something easier to catch the fire going. Do any of you have any paper that you don’t need?”

Mizuki then realized that she did still have her black book bag, more of a satchel kind of backpack that was very light weight, over her back. “I’m sure I have some papers in this that I can burn.”

Kim allowed Mizuki to roll up a few balls of paper and put them around the logs and then once she was back again, Kim tried the fire. There was the flash that happened previously, but suddenly, Kim felt feint and collapsed soon after the fire started.

Mizuki approached her quickly and felt her head.

“At least she’s not running a fever,” she told Sook. “I wonder if she used up too much of herself in this magic. I’ve heard that you can expend yourself if you somehow find the way to use magic but don’t know how to control it.”

“Well, at least she got a fire going,” Sook said as she sat in a kitchen chair. “Maybe if we just let her sleep, she’ll come back around.”

Finally, Jennifer and Sandra came back upon the spear that Jennifer had stuck in the ground. They each motioned for a door to open, and they came in upon the sleeping Kim and the two others sitting at the table with a roaring warm fire warming the stove.

“Oh, you got a fire going,” Jennifer said. “That’s great because now we can cook this.”

Sandra and Jennifer pulled the deer meat from Jennifer’s cloak that she had not realized that she had had, and they started to fry the meat.

“When did you get the long cloak?” Mizuki asked the black girl.

“Well, I think I got it when I reached for the javelins.”

“Javelins?”

“Yeah, you know, the short spears that are made for throwing.”

“Ah, yes.”

They were none of them that good of cooks, and they had never had deer before, but considering their lack of skill in cooking it, the smell aroused Kim, and the taste was not so bad.

“I think we should sleep here for the night,” Jennifer said. “As long as we have this magic room, no one can find us and that means we will have a restful sleep.”

“I need to go to the bathroom though,” Sook announced again.

“You can just go quickly out there in the grass,” Jennifer looked at her.

“I’m not going out there by myself. I don’t know what is lurking in the brush.”

“Fine, I’ll go with you,” Sandra spoke up glad that she didn’t have to sound as scared as she felt. “I kind of have to go anyway.”

By pairs, the girls took turns going, but that left Kim in a pickle because if she left the magic room, it would completely disappear, and she knew she had no more power right now to make another room. Besides, it was hard to tell what would happen to the food that they still had on the table if they didn’t do something with it first before she broke the spell.

“Aren’t you going to go?” Jennifer asked Kim.

“I can’t leave the hut or it will disappear,” Kim sounded dejected. “I guess I’ll just have to wait until morning.”

“Well, I suppose you could just pee on the floor,” Mizuki said. “It’s not like it’s real anyway, and when we leave, it will most likely just soak into the grass.”

“I’m not going to pee on the floor,” Kim said grossed out. “Then we’d have to smell it all night and be careful not to step in it. I’ll just wait, thanks.”

“Suit yourself,” Jennifer shrugged. “We should get some sleep and then tomorrow, let’s go get a look at that building in the distance.”

“Sure,” the other girls agreed.

The warmth provided by the burning stove made it a little more comfortable to sleep despite the hard ground or floor that the girls had to lie on. With the stove being a part of the outside of the circle, the girls made like a circle so they would all be warm enough through the night.

Kim, feeling scared to join the circle wandered to a far corner of the room, but Mizuki walked over where she was to convince her that it would be warmer by the stove.

“Kim, why are you way over here? You’ll get cold tonight.”

“I’m afraid I won’t be able to wait all night, and then if I wet, I may get some of you.”

“You could just do it over here right now, and then you won’t have to worry about it and the fire will dry your clothes for you.”

“Um… you don’t understand,” Kim had tears sliding down her face as she prepared to admit a secret that she kept from her classmates at school for fear of being made fun of.

“What is it?” Sook was now squatting down next to her. “We all know you have to pee, and if you are scared to remove your clothes in front of people you just met, we can understand. We won’t laugh at you if you pee your pants.”

“It’s not just that,” Kim blushed. “Even if I try to pee on the floor on purpose and take off my pants…,” she turned her head away trying to hide her tears. “I just sometimes, even if I go to the bathroom before I sleep…,” Kim was shaking still trying to find the nerve to complete the thought.

“No one will care,” Sandra now came over to comfort her. “Everyone has things that they try to hide from others, but it you often wet the bed, that will be something that will be hard to hide from us if we are going to be stuck together for a while. We won’t make fun of you. I promise.”

Kim looked back at the other girls particularly up at Sandra with wet eyes that were still leaking tears. “Re—really?”

“I promise. If anyone laughs at you, I’ll personally beat them up. But even if you might wet the bed, do me a favor and take off your jeans at least and pee right now so that you don’t have to try to sleep on a full bladder, okay?”

Kim nodded her face still red and hot.

Jennifer didn’t come over nor did Sook, but still they felt for the mage that couldn’t leave the invisible hut that would keep them safe for the night.

Kim faced a corner, squatting with just her panties on. Sandra had taken her jeans and taken them to hang on a chair for the night. Then she removed her own jeans and draped them over another chair. Mizuki saw her and decided that it might be a good idea too.

“What…what are you doing?” Sook asked them.

“If Kim has a bedwetting problem, then it would be hard to go all day tomorrow in wet pants if she leaks across the floor, so this way at least our pants will be dry when we wake up.”

Mizuki nodded adding “I think we should all do the same thing. I also think it would be a good idea if anyone needs to get up in the night, that you don’t leave the invisible hiding place until you wake someone up so that you can find it again when you are ready to come back inside.”

Sandra agreed.

Jennifer didn’t hesitate and took off her pants, but still Sook didn’t move to do so.

“What’s wrong, Sook?” Jennifer asked her. “We are all girls, unless you….”

“No, I am a girl. It’s just…,” and it was her turn to blush and look down nervously.

“What is it?” Sandra put her arm around her. “No one will make fun of you no matter what.”

“I… um… earlier, remember? I was a little scared to go out there by myself?”

Mizuki nodded.

“My panties are a little wet.”

“That’s okay,” Sandra hugged her a little more. “I wouldn’t expect either you, Kim, or even Mizuki to go out there alone. I’m not sure why, but I don’t feel like you are very good fighters, and with things like those monsters out there, you really shouldn’t be taking any chances.”

Sook nodded.

Sandra unzipped Sook’s pants because she could sense that Sook was still nervous and ashamed to the point that she wasn’t ready to remove her pants by herself. And as she held Sook close and helped her, she could smell that Sook was probably a little more wet than she wanted to admit, and as Sandra went to pull down her jeans, she could see that indeed, Sook had a little pee that ran partly down the thigh of her jeans and her crotch was soaked.

She hugged her. “It’s okay, Sook, I promise.”

Finally she had Sook’s pants off of her, and she put these closest to the stove with the wet crotch fully exposed to the fire so it would dry, but now Sook was in wet panties.

“Well, if you didn’t mind taking off your panties, we could put those close to the fire and let them dry too,” Sandra looked at Sook to see what she’d say to that.

“Is… is anyone else going to take off her panties?”

None of the other girls looked like they would want to.

“I’ll just leave them on, then. It’s okay.”

“Why don’t you sleep closest to the fire then,” Sandra helped her. “That way it can dry your panties some if Kim doesn’t pee too much on the floor. If she does, then we’ll all be in wet panties anyway.”

Sook nodded.

Kim finished peeing through her panties in the corner and came back to where the other girls were.

“You can sleep on the other side closest to the fire,” Sandra directed Kim. “If you keep from wetting the bed, that will help your panties dry out, okay?”

Kim just nodded still feeling ashamed for peeing her panties in the corner of the room on purpose.

It wasn’t long before all of the girls found themselves falling asleep.

Chapter Two

The next morning, all five girls woke up, their panties completely dry. Sandra reached for Sook’s jeans and felt the crotch before handing them over to her. “They’re dry,” she commented.

Sook blushed realizing what Sandra was doing.

“So, shall we have some more deer before we head out?” Jennifer asked as she woke up with the others.

“Are you wet?” Sook asked Kim.

“No, I’m okay.”

“Yeah, let’s have some of that meat. I’m starving,” Sandra replied to Jennifer.

The girls redressed into their pants and had some deer meat to hold them for the morning.

“Well, I guess it’s time we find out what is out there,” Sandra said feeling full.

“I was thinking,” Jennifer cut across her. “I don’t know why, but whatever brought us here seems to have given us weapons according to our personalities, and that being the case, I think that Kim needs to be protected carefully, and also Mizuki and Sook might also be a little weaker or maybe just less skilled that either of us,” she looked at the other girls for a response before going on.

“Well, it’s true that I don’t really have a good weapon to defend myself with,” Kim said as she looked down at the floor.

“What are you saying?” Sandra asked her.

“Well, I think we should somehow put Kim in the middle of us so that she isn’t attacked so easily because though she is weaker than we are, we would definitely have not survived the night had it not been for her unique skills. Since both Sook and Mizuki also seem a little weaker, they must have other skills as well, so I think you and I should pair with one of them to help protect our backs, you know? So we don’t lose anyone because I have a feeling that we are all valuable in some ways, and the two of us, well, our strengths are just obvious, you know?”

“Yeah, I think that makes sense,” Sandra agreed. “So Sook, will you be my partner?”

“Sure.”

“Okay, then Mizuki and I will take the lead, Kim should walk in the middle behind us, and then you two follow up.”

“Why are we in the back if Kim is weaker?” Mizuki asked.

“Well, if someone tries to come from behind, they might expect our weakest members to be there, but actually our only weak link will be in the middle and difficult to get to without one of us being able to see and defend her and more than likely two of us,” Sandra explained.

“I see.”

The girls gathered up their things and as soon as Kim walked out of the invisible hut, just as the directions had stated, the whole thing disappeared, though the others wouldn’t have realized any difference since it always disappeared when they walked out of it anyways.

“Okay, Bathroom breaks first,” Jennifer said. “The pairs will first take turns so that one girl can protect her buddy while the other two fighters protect Kim. Once the fighters all go, then we’ll all watch out for Kim while she goes.”

“Sounds good,” Sook agreed. She didn’t want to tell the others that she had to go too soon because though it was daytime, she was still nervous to go alone after what they had seen the night before.

Once the basic needs were met, and all the girls were comfortable, they started on their trek towards the building that stuck up in the distance.

A couple of hours later, the girls noticed that the grasses that were pushed down and the tracks of those goblins diverted away from the building in the distance and then turned towards the direction that the sun set in. This put Jennifer at some ease that the others could not miss, and as Kim realized that even Jennifer was put at ease, she didn’t feel as much shame at being scared of those things.

Finally, the cabin could be seen more clearly. Only magic would explain why they noticed it last night in the darkness and even in the day with it being so far away, but now they saw it. The cabin was just a small resort kind of place. They could hear dogs barking from near its front door though they were a bit too far to see the dogs yet. There was smoke coming from the chimney meaning that the owner had to be there. There was really nowhere else to go, so the girls looked at one another, gulped a couple of times, and proceeded towards the front door.

Kim was very nervous and Sandra could see her shaking.

“Don’t worry,” Sandra tried to calm her. “I’m a little nervous too, but we are together. Even a couple of dogs wouldn’t fair well against the five of us.”

“I hope you’re right,” Kim said shaking not really too embarrassed to let her fear be known about now.

Sook pulled out the bow that she had, and Sandra seeing this, decided that might be a good idea and pulled out hers as well. Jennifer always had her long spear out because it was too big to put anywhere, and Mizuki, feeling the caution of her sisters, decided it was time to draw her blade, the scimitar on her left side.

Kim looked through her folders in her bag as she walked trying to find an interesting title before pulling out a paper as it would be difficult to manage papers while she was walking. She thought that the organizer of this spell satchel had been quite clever in organizing it so well.

The girls stopped about a hundred paces from the door. They could see a large dog that resembled a wolf guarding the cabin.

“Killing the owner’s dog won’t make him very happy,” Jennifer stopped the others and looked to Kim. “Do you think you could somehow distract him or do something to make him less threatening?”

“I’m already looking,” Kim whispered as she continued looking through her folders. Sleep.

“Ah, this one might work,” she pulled out a paper. “Just don’t let it get close to us before I finish the magic,” she warned the others just before she started to read the directions.

“Okay, for this to work, I’ll need you two to open up some so I don’t get you with this. It should put the dog to sleep if I understand it correctly.”

Jennifer and Mizuki gave some space for Kim to get her spell between them, and they closed the distance to the point that Kim required. By then, the dog was becoming defensive, and it stood up growling at the trespassers. Jennifer pointed her spear towards it just in case, and Mizuki shaking, had both of her hands on her scimitar.

Just as Kim had the spell prepared and released it, the door to the cabin opened, and the sparkling cloud that only Kim could see, floated ahead towards the cabin and caught both the wolf dog and the owner that had opened the door.

The dog became drowsy and though it continued to growl in its nearly blissful state, it was falling asleep. Not less than a few seconds after the dog started breathing heavy, the old man that had opened the door fell nearly on top of the dog and started snoring as well.

His hair was as white as snow, and only covered the sides and back of his head. His glasses fell off of his face and rested in front of the sleeping body of his dog. His shirt was plaid colored and he looked much like Sandra’s grandfather.

“Well, that’s unlucky,” Jennifer commented. “Still, better than killing the dog.” She walked into the open door of the cabin to have a look around.

The others girls, scared of letting anyone of them out of sight, but also a bit nervous of breaking in, were nervous to go in except for Sook who shrugged. “Well, I suppose it can’t be helped,” was her only comment as she was the second one to pass through the door.

Kim picked up the man’s glasses and took them in to put on a table so they wouldn’t be broken.

The ladies looked around the small cabin and found it seemed to be just one room. On one side of the room, there was a kitchen area with a table and old wood burning stove but it was missing a proper refrigerator. In the middle, it seemed to have a desk against the far wall and a small throw rug, and on the others side of the room, there was a single sleeping bed.

“The man lives simply, doesn’t he?” Sandra commented. All of them seemed to realize the same thing though. He had no running water neither to the kitchen, nor did they see any place that would allow him to use the toilet or take a bath.

“I guess he just goes outside to pee,” Jennifer commented. “But how does he bathe if he has no water?”

“Shall we look out back?” Sandra asked.

The girls nodded and they carefully stepped around the sleeping dog and man and saw in the backyard, an outhouse and an old water pump. There was also a fairly large wooden tub that lay in the ground near the pump.

“Does he take cold baths?” Mizuki shivered.

“He probably heats up the water on the stove first,” Jennifer said as though it should have been obvious.

Sook slipped back inside the cabin to see if there was anything useful to help them on their journeys. The other girls were too interested in the man’s shed which was also in the back to notice her disappear.

The shed held some interesting tools that even Jennifer had never seen before, but definitely were related to living in the rough. He had a long pole with a blade curved just right for cutting at plants probably for chopping the grass around his cabin which made his yard look rather nice. He had some other things in there that implied that he might have been a craftsman of some kind also.

Near the shed, he also had three horses tied to a tree with a food sack tied so that they could easily reach in and take mouthfuls at a time. A water trough was placed within their pacing so they would be able to drink.

Mizuki walked over to the horses and patted them on the noses wondering what she could learn from them. She did this as though it were a perfectly normal thing to do, and even as she did so, the other three girls were too interested in the tools in the shed to notice.

“Good horse,” Mizuki whispered. “Now, can you tell me where your master normally rides you?”

Mizuki felt a tug to the west, and somehow she felt as though she knew there would be civilization in that direction.

“I see. And why does he live out here by himself so far from other people?”

Again, the horse never spoke, but she felt her heart quickening as though something scared her, and she felt humiliated as if she was being stared at naked by hundreds of eyes.

“I see.”

Mizuki walked away from the horses, first stroking the helpful one on the muzzle first.

“Well, I think I know where we can find more help,” Mizuki told the other three girls as she walked into the shed that she now realized had not been a shed at all, but rather a forge with blacksmithing tools. “Wow!”

“Yeah,” said Jennifer. “This guy must make things for someone though.”

“He does,” Mizuki said quietly. “The horses say that there is a town or something in the same direction as where the sun sets.”

“Then, perhaps we have found all we can here,” Sandra whispered wondering how long that man would sleep.

“We should get going soon,” Kim had the same thoughts as the spell paper had not told her exactly how long it would last. “Maybe we should go before we are taken as thieves.”

“Where is Sook?” Sandra noticed her disappearance.

Sook came around from the front of the cabin at just that moment. “I found some stuff that should help us on our journey,” she looked at the others looking at her. “The old man is still asleep. What?”

Sook was carrying a bag with some food in it and a few stolen arrows that she saw under the bed. “Look, we might need these, and it’s not like he’ll really miss it. He has plenty of food and it looks like he knows how to make more arrows.”

“Fine, let’s just go,” Jennifer decided to drop it.

“We can’t still this stuff,” Sandra said.

“Fine, do you want to wake him and ask for it?” Sook asked.

Sandra shook her head. “It’s still wrong.”

“Says who? We didn’t take everything from him, and I’m sure though he’ll miss it, that he won’t really hurt from not having it.”

Sandra sighed, and the five of them walked away from the cabin. Sandra wasn’t the only one feeling guilty though. Kim and Mizuki also felt a little guilty. The three girls walked as though they felt that any moment, some law person would stop them and arrest them all.

Jennifer felt no guilt in surviving, and Sook had taken things all her life so that she was long past caring what others thought. It was the kind of life she had grown up living. If you didn’t take what you needed, then you would die because no one would just give it to you, and it was a sad fact of living poor in Korea for so long.

The girls walked in silence for some time, and before they knew it, the day was wearing thin again.

“Maybe we should have taken the horses too,” Jennifer considered.

“Are you kidding?” Mizuki asked. “We don’t even know how to ride them, and it’s bad enough that we had taken anything at all from a man that we had not even given a chance to see if he was nice or not.”

“Okay… okay,” Jennifer backed down. “I was just saying it’s unlucky that we might have to stay another night out in the wilderness.”

“Well, we do have Kim’s Invisible shelter to hide us, and thanks to Sook, we even have some extra food besides the deer meat you had provided us with last night.”

“True.”

Kim looked through her papers, and found the invisible hut again, but this time, she imagined a hotel room with four beds as that was the most beds she had ever seen in a hotel before.

“Not bad,” the other girls complimented her once they looked around.”

“One problem though,” Sandra pointed out. “There are only four beds and five of us.”

“I’ll sleep on the floor,” Kim looked down. “The paper is very specific in how the spell works and since the most beds I’ve ever seen in a room were four, this is the best I can do.”

“No, I’ll sleep on the floor,” Jennifer said. “I’m used to it where I grew up and you need your strength so you can do this every night until we find a safe place to stay.”

“Are you sure?” Kim asked.

“Yes.”

“No,” Sandra said. “The beds are not that small. I’m sure Jennifer, that if one of us sleeps with either Kim or Mizuki, that there will be enough space for all of us to sleep. Kim and Mizuki are pretty small girls and so wouldn’t take up as much room.”

“Actually, it would probably be easiest if the two of us slept together,” Mizuki pointed out. “Since we are the smallest, we probably wouldn’t be in each other’s way as much.”

“But I…” Kim hated to remind them.

“We know you have a problem with wetting the bed especially in this situation since you cannot leave your shelter without it disappearing,” the other girls said.

“I don’t care,” Mizuki added. “I used to sleep with my sister who sometimes wet on me by accident too. I honestly don’t care.”

“It’s settled then,” Sandra agreed. “Mizuki and Kim can share a bed and the rest of us will be able to sleep comfortably.”

Chapter Three

It had been a good idea to make the hut into a bedroom. The beds came complete with sheets and blankets to make the room comfortable, and instead of a heater that would be found in Kim’s normal world, she did find an old wood burning furnace that would keep the room warm that was set in the middle of the beds.

Jennifer and Sandra made a fire outside with rocks large enough to keep it from getting out of hand to trap it. They prepared the dinner while the other three girls hung out in the room simply talking.

“You said you talked to a horse, right?” Sook asked Mizuki a little suspicious. “It seems that Kim needs to do some special things to make her magic work, and some of those directions are on pieces of papers so she can remember, but you don’t have any papers. How did you talk to the horse?”

“I… I don’t know,” Mizuki responded. “The horse didn’t really even talk, but I could feel what it wanted to tell me.”

“So you can talk to animals? I wonder why you didn’t talk to the dog then?”

“It was a little scary to approach if you remember.”

“Yeah, I guess it was. It’s just that if you can talk to it, perhaps, you would have spelled it in a way that we would have gotten to talk to the old man.”

“Yeah, well we could have if you hadn’t ripped him off.”

“Hey, this is survival. I’m not going to starve if he has plenty and won’t be greatly inconvenienced if we just take a little.”

Mizuki sighed. “Well, I guess we did need to eat, too.”

“I’m going to go see if Jennifer will cover for me,” Sook said. “You should see if someone will cover you too before we sleep or you’ll be in the same situation as poor Kim.”

“Well, it really wouldn’t matter if I did get in that situation since I have to sleep with her,” Mizuki said. “Still, I’ll go after you.”

Sook left the invisible shelter and approached Jennifer.

Kim watched longingly. “I suppose I could have tried to imagine a bathroom,” she spoke aloud what she was thinking.

“And if you did,” Mizuki looked her in the eye. “Where would we sleep, and how would we all fit?”

“I guess you’re right.”

“Besides, are you sure the toilet would work right if you did imagine such a place. I notice that in the kitchen, we had a wood burning stove instead of an electric one, and even in this bedroom, the heater is an old wood furnace.”

“That’s true. They don’t seem to have any modern conveniences here despite having magic that should make it possible to overcome.”

“I think it would be good if you did imagine a bathroom first thing in the morning because if it works, we could all get cleaned up then.”

“That is true,” Kim said. “But for it to stay, I’ll have to stay in the bathroom and no one would really have any privacy except me.”

“Right now, I’d rather not have any privacy than continue for another day without a bath.”

Kim nodded.

Sook came back and patted Mizuki on her back. “Your turn. Sandra said she’ll take you.”

“Okay. I wish there was something we could do for Kim though.”

“You could just drop your pants and pee somewhere in the room,” Sook told Kim.

“I—I can’t,” Kim blushed. “I’ve never been raised that way. Going out in the grass almost covered is hard enough. This is just too embarrassing.”

“I understand,” Sook said though she really didn’t.

Finally the other brought in the food for the girls to eat. By then, Sook had convinced Kim to at least remove her jeans so that if she did wet, at least her jeans wouldn’t get it. And just so that Kim wasn’t the only one in panties, Sook removed hers as well, and Mizuki also decided that if she was going to sleep with Kim, then it would be better to try to spare her pants from getting wet, so she also sat in just panties.

The two warrior girls looked at the three dressed in just panties, shrugged and removed their pants as well.

“So, do you know how far we have to travel?” Jennifer asked Mizuki.

“The horse seemed to think it took quite a while, almost a day, and since we are on foot, I’d guess that might mean as much as two or three days for us.”

Sandra nodded. “We are so lucky that Kim can keep us safe at night. And she actually made it comfortable this time.”

By then, Kim’s legs were starting wiggle some.

“You really should just pee in a corner even if it’s through your panties,” Mizuki told Kim. It would be better than wetting our bed and then we’d have to sleep in it.”

Kim gulped but knew that Mizuki had a point. “Can—can everyone not watch when I try to pee my panties then?”

The other girls nodded.

Kim went around the stove that was in the middle of the room, squatted and started to try to relax so the pee would come out. She was still a little nervous, but the only other thing she could do was leave the room and then hope she had enough energy to call it back into being. She also remembered yesterday, when she had tried to start the fire twice, that she had passed out the second time.

As Kim squatted trying to make the pee come out in her panties, she suddenly heard something from beyond the shimmering wall that tightened her muscles up even more.

The other girls heard the sounds and drew their weapons just to be ready, but as the sounds came, they quickly came into view and then ran off without stopping. The same monsters that they had seen the day before were returning the way they had come.

“Lucky we had this place,” Sandra stated for the others knowing that there was no way the five of them could face that many monsters at once.

Kim waited for the monsters to pass and then she tried to push again to get her body to let go.

“She’s having a really hard time, isn’t she?” Jennifer observed though she wasn’t watching Kim directly.

“Well, Americans aren’t exactly raised to pee in our room even if we leave our pants up.”

“Neither are Japanese,” Mizuki said a little forcefully.

“Koreans neither,” Sook put in.

“I don’t think anyone is,” Jennifer said once everyone had a say. “But this isn’t really in a house, is it? I mean, it disappears when she leaves and she’s really just peeing on the ground.”

“Yeah, but even in the grass, it was a little hard for me to just pull my pants down,” Sandra said to the room. “American girls just think… well, it’s not decent to pee in front of everyone.”

“Do you think there is any way we can help?” Jennifer asked.

“Perhaps, if we all left the room and gave her a few minutes by herself, she might even pull down her panties which might make it easier to come out.”

“Let’s do that then,” Jennifer said as she made the gesture that would send herself out of the room.

As Kim realized that only Sook and she were alone in the room, it did make it easier, and she felt some dribble into her panties. Once Sook had left the room, she pulled down her panties, with a little more leaking into them first, and she finally peed relieving herself. Closing her eyes, she could still feel that she was outside, and therefore, she was not being dirty and peeing in the room.

When Kim opened her eyes, and looked down, she realized that her urine had disappeared from the room, which made her feel a lot better. And she called to others.

“I’m finished. You can come back in.”

“Once everyone was back inside, they saw that her panties were only a little damp.”

“So you were able to remove your panties after all?” Jennifer asked.

Kim nodded.

“For now on, when Kim has to pee, we just leave the room for her, okay everyone?”

Everyone agreed.

Before they knew it, they had eaten their fill and were turning in to sleep.

Mizuki and Kim were to sleep in the same bed though, and that made Kim a little nervous, but she had little choice.

“I hope I don’t wet,” Kim whispered blushing at Mizuki.

“I already told you it doesn’t matter,” and Mizuki turned to face Kim and hugged her. “I really won’t care if you pee or not.”

Kim nodded still feeling a bit hot in her face.

The next morning, Kim woke up in a dry bed and Mizuki looked at her as their eyes opened at nearly the same time.

“See? You were so worried and you didn’t even wet,” Mizuki smiled. “Do you have to pee now?”

Kim nodded.

“It’s okay if you want to just wet in the bed or you can get up and go over there before anyone else wakes up.”

“I don’t think I can go out there with everyone still sleeping,” Kim blushed.

“Then just wet the bed. It’s okay,” Mizuki encouraged her.

“I don’t think I can do it on purpose.”

“I see. Well, I might be able to help you do it.”

“How?”

“Well, do you want to? You know, so you won’t have to be in any more discomfort?”

“If I do, I won’t have any dry panties to wear and you’ll get wet too.”

“I don’t mind,” Mizuki took off her shirt. “I’ll just take off my shirts so I can wear them after wards.”

“Okay, I guess it might be better to just get rid of it rather than being in pain for who knows how long they’re going to sleep.”

“Good, roll over on your side.”

Kim did as she was asked, and Mizuki touched her lower back.

Kim felt something going through her body like a kind of jumpy feeling in her nerves. Kim was definitely doing something that was making her body feel strange. Before she knew it, the jumpy nerves had found her bladder and then her panties started to feel wet. She was doing it, she was peeing herself awake in bed while Mizuki was touching her lower back. She didn’t want to stop though, and the pee continued to flow freely until it was completely out of her. The bedding around her somehow soaked it all in, and the only place she felt wet at all was in her panties.

“I… I did it,” she told Mizuki.

Mizuki stopped touching her back. “Feel better?”

Kim nodded.

It seemed that not more than a few seconds after Kim had peed herself, Sook stood up and walked over to Jennifer to shake her awake.

“What is it, Sook?”

“Please come with me. I have to pee badly.”

“You’re a big girl,” Jennifer groaned still wanting another moment or two of sleep.

“I know, but I’m still scared that those monsters might still be close by,” Sook said. “I don’t want to pull my pants down without being covered by someone that can fight.”

“Alright,” Jennifer sighed. “Mizuki, you might as well come too so you don’t wet yourself too. I assume Kim is already wet?”

Mizuki nodded and so did Kim.

“It’s okay Kim. I think it’s just natural that you wet the bed while we are in this situation so don’t worry about it, okay?”

Kim nodded though her face still felt hot every time it was brought up.

The girls took care of their basic needs including eating and dressing, and though the others told Kim that she should just take off her panties and put on her jeans without them, she wouldn’t do it, and as a result, some of the pee soaked into the crotch of her jeans from her soaked panties.

The girls finished getting ready and then they started on their way in the direction that only Mizuki seemed to know.

At around noon, Kim realized that her panties and jeans had finally dried out and the girls all took potty breaks covering one another and everyone covering Kim to make sure that they were all safe.

“How much further?” Sandra asked Mizuki as they shared their potty break.

“I think it should be just about an hour or two now.”

“It’s funny how you know that kind of thing. Do you feel some kind of strange power or feeling when you try to do things like this?”

“Not really,” Mizuki said. “I just somehow know stuff, and I even feel like it I just touch you, I can make you feel comfort when you are upset or not feeling well.”

“Really?”

“Yes. Like right now, I bet you feel nervous and would like someone to calm you, but you are not sure anyone can calm you until you get back to your home.”

“Yeah.”

“Can I try?”

“Sure. What do you need to do?”

“Just let me touch you.”

Mizuki touched Sandra on her breasts which made her blush at first, and had she not given permission in the first place, she would have definitely slapped Mizuki.

Within moments, Mizuki started to feel Sandra breathing a bit deeper and easier.

Sandra also felt a load being taken off of her mind. She felt refreshing air actually filling her lungs, and she breathed easily and the stress of their situation made her laugh and all of her muscles became loose and relaxed.

“That was wonderful,” Sandra explained to Mizuki. “Do you think you can do that for everyone?”

“I might try,” she shrugged. “I think Kim is already a bit relieved from this morning.”

“This morning?”

“Well, I touched her so that she wouldn’t be so nervous about wetting herself since she was scared to do anything about her full bladder when any of you might have awakened at any moment.”

“You helped her pee her pants?”

Mizuki nodded.

“I want you to try to help Sook next. She is the one that is really making things a bit stressful as she really is scared of those monsters.”

“If she permits me to touch her, I can help her, but if she is truly scared of them, I don’t think my power can completely override it.”

“Well try anyway.”

When the girls were all back together, Sandra told Sook to see Mizuki, and they explained that Mizuki was going to try to help her relax and feel a bit calmer.

“Alright,” Sook agreed and even allowed Mizuki to grab her breasts.

Mizuki felt Sook’s anxiety fill her up and then escape through her own body. She had to stand there a long time, touching Sook’s breasts and even massaging them as the anxiety flowed through the two bodies and the process was draining on Mizuki. Finally after nearly ten minutes, Mizuki fell to the ground exhausted but her eyes were still open, and Sook stepped back and smiled for the first time since they met.

“That does feel better,” she said to the others.

Jennifer could see that Mizuki was spent though, and suddenly, Mizuki didn’t know where they were going.

“I’m sorry. I’m sure I’d know in just a few hours, but I’m so exhausted.” She complained.

Kim shrugged and imagined a living room which came into view. Though there seemed no direction to do so, she held Mizuki’s hand as she opened the room, and Mizuki came in with her without even having to stand up.

Jennifer and Sandra worked together to lift the smaller girl up onto a sofa. The thing that they all noticed was that once again, all things that relied on electricity and plumbing had been taken out. In the place of lights, they found lanterns on inn tables, and they found candle holders along the walls.

The television had been replaced by a vast library of books.

“Well, it’s not very entertaining,” Kim apologized, “but at least Mizuki can rest in safety here, and we can all take a load off of our feet.”

“I think you two should be careful with your powers,” Jennifer observed. “It seems that you are replenished after a good sleep, but there seems to be a limit to your power besides.”

“Yeah, I noticed that too,” Kim shrugged. “Still, it seemed best to give Mizuki something comfortable to rest on if she needs to rest. Perhaps I should also take a nap and that might replenish my strength as well.”

“Agreed,” Jennifer said. “Sook, why don’t you stay here so when we are looking for the invisible hut we have someone awake that can tell us where it is so we can rejoin you. I think Sandra and I should go out and scout around to see if we can find the village that Mizuki said we should be approaching soon.”

Sook nodded and left the two warriors to their quest. She took a book from the bookcase and started to read.

“Are you sure you can find exactly where the hut should be?” Sandra asked a little nervous to leave the others yet again.

“Yes. I’ve grown up hunting with my father all my life, and we would often have our camp as a meeting place. If you didn’t learn quickly to tell where camp was, you didn’t survive long as a hunter.”

“Well, at least we have one girl that is used to living in the wilderness with us. I don’t know what I’d do if I had to lead the others without someone like you to help me.”

“You don’t honestly think that you’re the…”

“Oh, no,” Sandra quickly stopped Jennifer from getting the wrong idea. “It’s just that if you were not here, who do you think the others would depend on since they don’t seem really strong?”

“You do have a point, but let’s not consider anyone a leader for now, is that alright?” Jennifer asked.

Sandra nodded.

They walked in the general direction that Mizuki had been leading them, and after nearly thirty minutes, down a slope, they saw a rather large city laid out before them.

“Well, there is the city,” Jennifer was smiling. “I think we should get back and tell the others the good news that we only half an hour from it.”

“Do you think you can watch for me?” Sandra asked.

“Oh, um… sure.” Jennifer shrugged.

Back at the invisible hut, two of the young ladies were resting peacefully and Sook was reading a book. Though Sook started to get worried a bit when the other two girls didn’t return after nearly forty-five minutes, she didn’t dare wake the other two girls because their magic might be needed later.

She did notice that a puddle started to form beneath Kim and shook her head. The poor kid really did have a problem with bed wetting which obviously wasn’t just a night problem. She took note of it, and figured she’d ask the others for some advice about how to help her when they returned.

Once Sandra was finished, and then Jennifer confessed that she should go too, they started back for the invisible hut talking happily that they were almost to civilization where they might be able to find out how they got in this mess and maybe find someone that could send them home.

When the two warriors had returned from scouting, they saw Kim lying in her puddle of water, her jeans soaked and felt a little empathy for her.

“She’s going to have no choice but to go into town like that,” Sandra observed to Sook and Jennifer.

“Oh well, it could be worse for her,” Jennifer said. “At least she’ll be with friends, and by the time they wake up, if it’s dark, probably not too many will notice.”

“I’ve kind of gotta go right now too,” Sook told the two warriors.

“Well, let’s take you outside before you wet yourself then,” Sandra smiled at her. “We can’t all wet ourselves or we won’t have anyone confident enough to ask for help.”

Sook giggled. “Why did you?”

“No. I was just trying to make you feel better.”

“Oh, okay,” Sook giggled again. The two left the invisible hut together to find a private place for Sook to go.

That was when Kim started to stir and she looked down at her wet pants and then up at Jennifer who smiled at her.

“Who all saw it?” she asked her.

“Everyone except Mizuki, but it doesn’t matter, Kim. We already told you that it’s okay, and you did tell us that you pee the bed, so we can understand that you wet in your sleep, okay?”

Kim nodded her face feeling hot as usual about it.

“We found Mizuki’s city,” Jennifer tried to change the topic. “Once Mizuki wakes up, we’ll head that way, and get nice rooms for the night if we can.”

“I’m wet,” Kim said feeling her face burning up as she acknowledged it yet again.

“I know. It will probably be dark when we get there though, so I don’t think anyone will notice as long as you stay quiet and next to us.”

Kim nodded.

“Do you have any idea of what we’ll do for money?” Kim asked Jennifer.

“I believe that Sook has already taken care of that problem,” Jennifer shrugged.

“She stole the old man’s money too?” Kim was now really feeling awkward.

“I don’t think she got it all from him, no. But I do suspect that some of it came from him.”

“Where else would she have gotten it?”

“I think she’s carrying around a pouch that doesn’t seem very Korean with her. She probably found it when we each found our weapons.”

“Ah, then surely she could have at least paid the man for the things we took?”

“I don’t think that’s her… ah… style,” Jennifer said as though the whole thing amused her.

“No, I suppose it’s not,” Kim had to agree.

“How are you feeling?”

“I’m okay,” Kim shrugged.

“I mean, do you feel a bit rested and ready in case you need to use your magic again?”

“Well, I can’t really say since I’m really unsure of how it all works, but I’m sure I can use at least one magic ability before needing any sleep.”

“That’ll have to do then,” Jennifer shrugged. “Hopefully, Sook won’t be too stingy and will let us get you something clean in town so you won’t have to stay in wet pants.”

“Yeah,” Kim looked down a little ashamed of herself.

Sandra and Sook came in and at that moment, Mizuki woke up.

“How are you doing?” Jennifer asked her.

“I’m okay, but I don’t think I’m ready to use another spell yet,” Mizuki shrugged. “I don’t think I can tell you where that city is yet.”

“It doesn’t matter. We already know,” Jennifer told her. “While you were sleeping, Sandra and I found it.”

“Oh, that’s good. So, are we going to go there tonight or tomorrow?”

“We need to go tonight. Kim needs some clean clothes because she’s had an accident.”

Mizuki looked at Kim and realized what had happened. “Poor Kim. I could probably help a little once my magic returns.”

“How would you help?” Kim asked her.

“I don’t think I could do anything about the feel, but I might have had something to disguise the smell and the looks so no one else would realize you are wet.”

“Do you know when you’d be able to?”

Mizuki shrugged.

“Then don’t worry about it. Jennifer says it’s going to be dark when we get there, and if I stay by you all, and don’t talk, maybe it might be missed.”

“Well, shall we head out?” Sandra asked the group at large.

Four heads nodded at her, and they left the invisible hut.

Jennifer took Sook by the arm for a few seconds before they started walking and she whispered to her.

“Kim has peed her pants. I know you took some money from the old man, and probably some from the same place you got the weapons, so I’m depending on you to buy her some clean clothes without making a big deal of it.”

“Yeah, I was going to,” Sook whispered. “Just because I sometimes take things doesn’t mean I don’t share when I know someone that I care about needs help.”

“Alright then,” and Jennifer let Sook go and motioned for Mizuki to take the lead with her as they walked towards the city. Sandra and Sook brought up the rear.

“Jennifer is a bit forceful, don’t you think?” she asked Sandra.

“What? Did she say or do something to you?”

“Well, I was going to help Kim anyway, but she basically threatened me that if I didn’t use the money I ‘found’ to get her some clean clothes that I’d be sorry.”

“I’m sure she didn’t mean it quite like that.”

“I assure you, she did. She grabbed me really hard around my arm.”

“Well, I’m sure she might just have issues with you more because you took things from that old man than that she thinks you wouldn’t help one of us that was in need.”

“Maybe. You have to understand though. I’ve grown up with the knowledge that if you don’t take what you need, you won’t get it as a free handout, and this place hasn’t shown me that it’s much different from where I grew up.”

“Well, don’t worry about it. I’m sure Jennifer isn’t really upset at your, or that she thinks any real hurt towards you.”

“If you say so.”

The girls walked for about forty minutes, every minute of it agonizing for Kim as the wetness cooled and chaffed Kim’s skin. Finally, they were at the slope that overlooked the city below.

“There we are,” Jennifer showed the others, and Sandra couldn’t help but respect Jennifer’s superb senses. Even the others had to respect her for it.

*011*2011-07-08 21:30

Thank you Thar for you suggestions. I will consider the smell factor seriously since Goblins would have a very keen smell especially since my goblins are more "cat-like" than the traditional D and D ones.

Did you read Chapter Four yet? It was in the first post, because I'm keeping the newest posts up there so it is easy for those that want to follow this story. Chapters 1, 2, 3, were lower down, just above where you posted, and yes, these are more or less based off of a D and D like adventure. If you know the old Dungeons and Dragons Cartoon, I have kind of made the theme but took out the annoying little Dungeon Master.

Chapter Six was added on July 10th
