Fanfiction Requests (Limited Slots)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-03-24 16:04

Hello, so, I was going to post this in my commission thread, but I was afraid people wouldn't notice it or look in there for new content. Basically, I've come to love writing again because I've sold so many commissions and art trades, and I'm super grateful to everyone who has bought a story from me or done a trade with me, or even just read something I wrote for someone else and said something nice about it. I have a backlog of about eight stories currently, but a majority of them are close to being completed, so when they are done, I will start this project.

So, what is this project? Basically, I am offering five free fanfiction requests that follow the same rules as my commissions. Once the slots are filled, I will not be offering any more for a while, so first come, first serve! But remember, my omorashi oneshots are only five dollars, or you can have one if you write a story for me or draw a picture for me. So, if you're not lucky enough to get here before the slots fill, there are still options.

I am also willing to do original stories if you give me enough information about what you want.

The commission info: https://omorashi.org/topic/24451-fanfiction-commissions/

Slots:

1. Filled

2. Filled

3. Filled

4. Filled

5. Filled

*002*2015-03-24 16:07

{{

I'd be interested. I guess i could pm you with the story details

}}

Alright, go ahead, and if it's something I can do, I'll add you to the list! I'll put you on pending for now

*005*2015-03-24 22:28

UPDATED SLOT LIST (because I can no longer edit):

1. Original story for btkdaku

2. Harley Quinn story for OmoJack

3. Giffany story for Captain L

4. Open

5. Open

*007*2015-03-25 00:17

{{

Well, you said you liked Giffany in the Anime Crushes thread, so...something about her, maybe? Of course, I have no idea how to justify a computer simulation needing to use the bathroom, but there has to be a way. Also, she can alter the reality inside Romance Academy, there's gotta be something that can be done with that.

}}

It could totally be an in-game scenario or something like that. I mean, she could definitely have that programmed in. Does that sound appealing? I'll do one for her either way but yeah

*008*2015-03-25 19:06

ONE SLOT LEFT, ladies and gentleman.

1. Original story for btkdaku

2. Harley Quinn for OmoJack

3. Giffany for Captain L

4. Cordelia for blooper

5. Undecided for daveshuyi

*009*2015-03-26 15:58

As you can probably tell from the post above, all slots are filled! This thread can be closed, I guess.

