Furry Desperation in Class

Author: Inactive :(

*000*2015-07-16 06:01

(I would have come up with a better title, but it's late at night and I'm too tired to think of a good one)

Lately, I've been drawing art and writing some fiction containing furry characters of mine. Since I haven't posted anything in a while, I decided to share an Omo story I've recently been working on. It's about two of my characters, Kade and Blake, and basically how they met.

Just to describe these two characters a little, Blake is a husky with dark grey and white markings, and Kade is a wolf with dark brown, light brown, and white markings. She also has strawberry blonde hair.

In the future, I will most likely post art I made of these two characters, as well as several other characters I have.

Enjoy. :3

###

The school bell rang to signal the end of second period. Kade gathered her things and proceeded out of the classroom and on her way upstairs to third period math. They were having a test that day, and she still needed to get her calculator from her locker. In addition, she also had that familiar feeling; she had to use the bathroom. Hopefully, if she was quick enough, she could visit her locker, use the bathroom, and then head to class.

When she arrived at her locker, she grabbed her calculator, plus a water bottle to keep herself hydrated during the test. Then she noticed that there wasn't very many students left in the hall, and she sensed that the bell was about to ring. This was going to be her first test at her new school, and she really didn't want to be tardy. After shutting her locker, Kade quickly made her way down the hall and arrived at the classroom just as the bell was heard. Slightly embarrassed, she sat down in the same seat she had been sitting in since two weeks ago, which was when school started.

Everyone took the next few minutes to do some last-minute studying before the test. Well, everyone except Kade. She waited impatiently for Mr. Carlson, the teacher, to walk in so she could ask for permission to use the bathroom. However, he didn't walk in until about five minutes later.

"Is everyone ready for the test?" Mr. Carlson asked as he walked into the classroom.

Almost everyone replied with a yes.

"Let's get right to it, then," he said, getting a pile of papers from his desk and handing them out to the class.

Maybe I can wait until after class is over, Kade thought as she picked up her pencil in her paw and got started on the test. At least until after I finish.

She took a sip from her water bottle every now and then, attempting to focus on the test, do the math right, and answer the questions correctly. However, after another fifteen minutes, she felt the need growing. After turning a few more pages of the test, she realized it might take longer than she thought to complete it; there were at least four whole pages. She stood up and walked to the teacher's desk.

"May I please use the bathroom?" she requested politely.

"Are you finished with the test?" Mr. Carlson asked.

"No..."

"Finish the test first."

Sighing, Kade walked back to her seat, and tried to focus. The need was so distracting, though! She felt the need growing every second, and she knew it would be impossible for her to finish the test in time to make it to the bathroom; at least not without skimming through it. Subtly putting one paw in her crotch, she used her free paw to fill in the blanks, trying to make sure she put the correct answers.

A few seats over, Blake was also trying to focus on the test, but he was distracted by the pretty girl sitting not too far away. Being an Omo fetishist, he was turned on by her squirming. She'd seen the girl every day, but never figured out her name. He remembered seeing her on the first day of school; it was love at first sight for him. He'd had a crush on her since, and seeing her desperation made him excited. He definitely knew she was desperate when she got up and asked the teacher for permission to leave class and use the bathroom, but was denied.

At last; Kade was finished with the test! She was pretty sure most of the answers were incorrect, but she didn't really care. The bathroom was pretty much all she needed at the time. Besides, she'd get a chance to retake it next week, if she wanted to. She stood up and gave her copy of the test to Mr. Carlson. He gave her permission to leave class, and she quickly headed for the door and hurried down the hall. Seeing as the hall was pretty much empty, she was holding her crotch as soon as she had closed the door and kept her paw there the entire way. When she reached the end of the hall where the bathrooms were, she bolted straight to the door of the ladies' room. She tried turning the handle, but to her horror, the door was locked.

"No..." she whined, collapsing onto her knees as she felt herself losing control of her bladder. She would have gone downstairs to the second floor bathrooms, but it was too late for that. She was already starting to flood her jeans.

Blake finished the test and handed it to Mr. Carlson at the teacher's desk. Feeling the need to pee as well, he asked if he could use the bathroom.

"Make it quick," Mr. Carlson replied.

Blake left the room and made his way down the hall. When he got close to the bathrooms, he could hear sobbing. Concerned, he went to investigate. His urge to use the bathroom wasn't all that bad, and he could easily way another twenty minutes. He looked down and saw the girl he liked, crying into her arms, sitting in a puddle of what he knew was pee.

"Hey...are you okay?" He asked, sitting on his knees in front of her.

Kade sniffled before answering. "Yeah...I'm fine...just wet."

"If you want, I can walk you to the nurse. She can give you a change of pants to wear." Blake reached out his paw, offering to help her up.

"Thanks," Kade took his paw in hers and stood up, feeling a bit of wetness dripping down her legs.

As they headed down the hall, Blake remembered that they'd barely ever talked much, and he still hadn't even figured out her name. He decided to take this opportunity to get to know her. "I'm Blake, by the way."

"My name's Kade," she replied.

"That's a beautiful name," Blake remarked, hoping he sounded smooth. He didn't want to embarrass himself in front of a pretty girl.

Kade giggled a little. "Thanks, yours is pretty hot too."

Blake smiled. "I think we should talk a little more often than we have these past couple weeks. You know, get to know each other a little better."

"That would be nice."

When they arrived at the nurse's office, they realized they were still holding paws. Blushing, Kade brought hers back.

"I'll see you around," Blake said as he started to turn away and head back to class.

Kade smiled in response, and walked into the nurse's office to get a change of pants.

As Blake headed back to the classroom, he realized he still had some business to take care of. He knew the bathrooms on the middle floor were always unlocked, so he headed there and finally relieved himself in front of a urinal. When he was finished, he started imagining himself back in that classroom, when Kade was squirming with desperation. He felt himself getting turned on again, so he jerked off real quick. After the sweet release of orgasm, he went back upstairs and returned to class, feeling somewhat satisfied by the recent events of that day.

*003*2015-07-29 04:16

Thanks for the comments, guys :)

Also, if anyone is interested, I've finally gotten together some reference sheets of my characters, including the two featured in this story. :3

%http://www.chickensmoothie.com/Forum/viewtopic.php?t=2747894

