Usagi's Struggle

Author: Caydency

*000*2011-07-08 00:38

Tags: Self-Induced Desperation, Forced Desperation, Wetting, Humiliation

Characters Involved in Story Chapter 1: Usagi Tsukino, Chibi-USA, Makoto Kino, Minako Aino, Ami Mizuno, Raye Hino, Haruka Tenoh, Michiru, Setsuna Maioh, Hotaru Tomoe, Seiya, Mamoru Chiba

~+~

Usagi was lazing around in her room, refusing to do her homework as usual. Her studies were becoming an urgent matter, but her personal interest in catching up on her comics was a personal one as well. She was looking from the door to her study books to her comic books, biting her pencil as she hoped her mother wouldn't come in and catch her goofing off.

Suddenly, the familiar voice screeched into her head and caught her attention fast: Stop chewing your pencil, it's bad for your teeth!

Indeed, Luna's wisdom was there, even when she wasn't. Immediately, Usagi put the pencil down on her book and sighed, looking at the clock to see that only five minutes had passed since she started working. She was having a hard time trying to work considering that she hated it so much.

As soon as she began to think about how long her homework would take, her phone rang and she looked to it, picking it up and sweetly answering it. "Hello, Usagi speaking. Who is it?~".

"Hey, Usagi-san.~ It's me, Michiru. It's nice to hear your voice again. It's been so long since I've heard it, it's nice. Anyway, I hope you're doing well.", she spoke to her fellow-friend cheerfully, smiling to herself.

"Michiru-san~! I am doing well, and I wish the same of you?....I see.~ How wonderful! I will definitely be there~!! Want me to call Ami and the others to let them know too?....Alright, will do, Michiru-san. I hope you have a great evening....I will. Bye-bye~".

She spent the next hour calling her friends and letting them know about the upcoming wedding of Haruka and Michiru that she was told about, and she was smiling to herself all the while, excited for the couple who would soon be newlyweds.

Soon, Usagi was eating dinner and sleeping that night. She was ready for the wedding tomorrow.

She woke up the next morning, and the first thing she did was enter the kitchen and drink an entire two bottles of water, certainly nervous about how the wedding would go. She ate breakfast and got dressed in a beautiful red dress, putting her hair up in a mini-ponytail with a red ribbon to tie it with, smiling. She put on her red high-heels, walking into the kitchen and drinking a final three bottles of water, the first two hitting her with an urge to pee. She shrugged it off and grabbed her clutch purse, walking out the front door and heading to her friend's houses, soon walking with all three of them to the wedding church.

She took a seat with them in the third row of pews, sitting on the far side with them.

As soon as the wedding was halfway through, Usagi was beginning to shift her hips a bit, blushing as she rubbed her stomach, feeling a more urgent need to pee than before when she'd left her home. She noticed that Raye was in the same condition, and she whispered to Usagi quickly.

"Usagi-chan...C-Come with me to the bathroom...!", she said, blushing a bit as she asked such a favor from the next-to-most shy person of their group of four, the most shy being Ami.

"N-No..! Just hold it until it's over...", she said, sighing as she put her hands by her sides and watched the wedding progress, Raye forced to sit back and do the same.

Nearly an hour later, Usagi was growing weak in the knees as she had resorted to double crossing her legs and bouncing them up and down vigorously to attempt to reduce her urges, but it was growing more difficult to do so as she found it nearly impossible to make them go away. She looked over to Raye, who seemed to be having the same difficulty as she was, but thankfully, the wedding was almost over, so they wouldn't have to wait long.

Much to their approval, the wedding was over within fifteen minutes. The only difficult part that they'd have to deal with would be getting into the bathrooms, because of course people brought their children, who were bouncing up and down in their seats as the newlywed Haruka and Michiru Tenoh left the room and went to their limousine, all of the people standing up to clap, although Raye and Usagi were pressing their hands against the fronts of their dresses as they couldn't stand to do anything else.

As soon as they were able to get out, they saw the huge lines for the women's bathrooms, and they looked around, seeing nowhere else they could go. Immediately, Raye finally rushed out into the courtyard, Usagi and company following her as they began to get curious as to what Raye was doing. They reached a secluded area where nobody would see them, and Raye was squirming on the spot, as was Usagi, who was doing the same the entire walk to their current spot.

Raye began to bounce up and down, finally holding her crotch through her slightly wet panties, which were clinging tightly to her skin due to the size they were bought at from the lingerie store in Juuban district mall. Suddenly, a spurt of pee was heard escaping into Usagi's panties, and she quickly grabbed hold of her own crotch and looked around, making sure there was nobody looking before she and Raye began to squat down.

They both tried to remove their panties, but they were so desperate that it was impossible to do so, and they both began to gush pee from their panties onto the sidewalk, the stream hot and huge as they pulled their dresses up and out of the way so they wouldn't get wet.

They were sighing with relief, a sudden few people passing by and beginning to laugh at them as they saw them. Usagi and Raye looked at what happened, and they both held each other and began to cry, sniffling and sobbing with embarrassment as they were humiliated in front of the group, which happened to Hotaru, Chibi-USA, Setsuna, Seiya, and Mamoru.

~+~

I hope you all enjoyed Chapter 1 of Usagi's Struggle. Chapter 2 will be up later this week.~

*002*2011-07-08 01:39

I certainly will.

Thank you for the advice - I'll certainly keep it in mind when I write the next chapter.

*005*2011-07-08 12:56

That's to come in a later chapter, so don't worry. You'll get it soon.~

*007*2011-07-08 16:28

Thanks, Princess Jury!

Chapter 2, unfortunately, may end up being posted next week. I'm having a lot of family over at my grandparents' house, so it's getting difficult.

*009*2011-07-08 18:32

No, but so do I~ ^_^

*012*2011-07-13 10:41

Zataku: That is...so amazing. You know what, if you don't mind, I may want to use that idea, as long as I give you credit. Is that alright?

*015*2012-01-06 18:28

Hello all! After a long wait, here is Chapter Two of Usagi's Struggle! I hope you all really enjoy this. I have been trying to come up with something for the longest time, and I figure the best way to start off the new year here at AP/Omorashi.org would be to post a new chapter to my first successful story here!

~~~~~~~~

It was just another day at the Tsukino's home, and surprisingly enough, a quiet day at that. The young blonde wasn't laughing like a hyena as usual, which would make for a great day anywhere that she was or wasn't. In fact, come to think of it, she wasn't at her own home at the moment anyway. Where was she? She was out with her beloved friends, having fun. One would wonder what kind of fun they could be having, and of course, they were having none other than one of their beloved gab sessions over cheesecake. They loved their talks over cheesecake, no doubt about that.

"So, I call over to the guy in the arcade, Andrew, and he acts like he doesn't even know me!! I mean, what's that all about? Andrew talks to me all the time..", Minako told them, gobbling down cheesecake at the same time with comical tears in her eyes.

Of course, the brown-headed beauty had to interject her friend's statement with some logical statement. "Minako-chan, don't you think it would help if you'd have told him your name when you two first met?", she said to her blonde friend, smiling with a sweatdrop on the side of her head.

Minako blinked a few times and then began to laugh, nearly beginning to choke on her bite of cheesecake at the same time. "Yeah, you're probably right, Mako-chan. You always know what to say about guys. How do you do it? We always fail, and you always...wait. Usagi's the only one in a successful relationship, of the five of us...Usagi, how do you do it?!! You're always with Mamoru-chan. How have you two not split up yet?", she said, piling her blonde-haired friend with questions.

Usagi completely mellowed out and melted away on the table in front of them, seeming overwhelmed by all the questions that she was being asked.

Rei giggled and pet the melted one's head, smiling as she looked to Minako. "Minako-chan, calm down. You're going to break her if you keep this up.", she said. She was going to continue her sentence when she was interrupted by the familiar feeling in her abdomen. "Ami-chan, where's your bathroom at? As many times as I've been here, I've never had to go..", she said, allowing the other female to get up and show her where her destination was.

Ami arrived back at the group, sitting back down on her cushion that was properly placed on the floor in front of the table. "So, would any of you like some more cheesecake? I have a plenty in the kitchen.", she stated, allowing everyone around to know that there was more to go around.

Makoto smiled and looked to Usagi, grinning. "I'm surprised Usagi over here isn't eating it all down. She would have eaten the whole plate-full of cake if she hadn't gone out with Mamoru-chan earlier today.", she said, starting to laugh with Minako and Ami.

Rei soon returned to the group of laughing girls, starting to let loose a giggle as well as the laughter began to grow contagious. "What are you all laughing about?", she said, smiling still.

"Oh, nothing. Mako-chan was just making another joke about Usagi and her eating habits.", she said, grinning at her brown-headed friend.

Rei smirked and gave the same grin to the blonde who just finished speaking. "Look who's talking, crater-mouth.", she said, joking on her now, beginning to laugh.

This caused Usagi to start laughing as well as sit up, getting the whole group laughing, even Minako at herself.

~~~~~~~~

Beryl was sitting on her throne of sorts in the Negaverse, her hands mystically waving around her crystal which was placed in the top of her wand that floated just above the ground. "So...Nephrite, Jaedite...How is your research of the humans above progressing? What do you have to report to me today?", she said, hoping to get a promising answer from her loyal servants.

"My Queen...We have gathered that humans seem to expend an enormous amount of energy containing their bladders when they've nowhere to relieve themselves...If we can send out waves of energy to speed up the process of their filling bladders throughout the day, we can get the better of them this time, and finally obtain the Silver Crystal!", Nephrite said, seeing a small smile form on their Queen's face. "Do you approve of this plan, My Queen?", he questioned her, hoping to receive the same kind of promising answer that he gave her.

"Of course, Nephrite. But!! You two better not fail me this time. This plan sounds promising, and your actions within it better be as well.", she said, looking down at the two servants as they bowed to her.

"Yes, My Queen. We shall return with all of your promised energy from those pathetic humans, along with your desired and precious Silver Crystal.", Jaedite said, both he and Nephrite vanishing within a shadow in the air, soon appearing behind a large building in Juuban District. Unlike their usual appearances, there was no monster standing before them, but their hands were glowing with power and energy.

"Jaedite, are you ready? Hehe, I can't wait to see those senshi fall to the mercy of their weak bladders.", he laughed, Jaedite laughing with him and nodding in agreement to being ready for their task.

The two men finally shot their hands out at the hair, striking the air with such a great force that waves began to shoot from their hands, hitting the people of the town in a short amount of time afterward. "Hehe, now let's go find the Senshi, Nephrite.~", Jaedite said, ready to go in, head-first.

"No, Jaedite. We must wait for them to come to us. Think for a moment. If we just rush into this, we will fail Beryl again. Just wait. Their guardian cat will go to them, explaining the situation, and they'll transform, coming straight to us, and we can just stand here at the ready.", Nephrite said to his comrade, getting the approval of the other man with a single nod of his head. "And so we wait, Jaedite...So we wait..", he said, both of them growing silent as their waves were beginning to work their powers on the bladders of the towns-people.

~~~~~~~~

As the girls continued to talk and eat cake galore, Luna came running into the room with urgency. "Girls, we have an emergency. The Negaverse is at it again. This time, they've come at us with a new tactic...They've used energy waves on the townspeople to speed up the filling of their bladders because they know that people expend great amounts of energy containing them when they've no time or way to relieve themselves. You all must transform and defeat them immediately so the town will be normal again!! Girls, it's go time!!", Luna shouted at them, the girls standing up and nodding simultaneously.

Usagi held up her broach and looked furious. "Moon Crystal Power!!".

Minako held up her wand and shouted. "Venus Star Power!!".

Ami held up her wand and shouted as well. "Mercury Star Power!!".

Makoto held up her wand. "Jupiter Star Power!!".

Rei held up her wand as well. "Mars Star Power!!".

"Make-Up!", they shouted together, a light surrounding each of them, each light of their own element. When the light vanished, they were in their Senshi form, ready to fight.

Sailor Mars looked to Sailor Moon, nodding. "Sailor Moon, let's go!!", she said, the girls nodding with her running out.

Of course, the waves reached the girls as well, and were already working their energy on their bladders. It was only a matter of time...

~~~~~~~~

Soon, Jaedite and Nephrite saw the Senshi running toward them, and they smirked and stood at the ready when the girls then stood in front of them. "Well, hello there, girls. How are you feeling today?", they said, grinning and smirking as they then received quite a bit of replies from the girls.

Venus was beginning to fidget a bit, being the only one who hadn't been to the bathroom recently. Her last visit to the restroom was further away than that of the other girls. Her hands reached down to press against the front of her skirt a bit, only to relieve her stress for the moment before letting go. "A-Ah, why do I need to pee so suddenly? I don't normally have to pee this bad this quickly..", she said, causing the girls to look at her. Finally, Venus regained her composure, and she reached her hand up into the air. "Venus...Love-Me Chain!!", she said, swirling her hand in the air before slinging it at Nephrite, causing her chain of hearts to whip at him, but he dodged with perfect timing.

Sailor Moon looked shocked and growled. "What?! You can't dodge our attacks -- that's cheating!!", she cried out, looking quite angered.

Mars finally reached her hand out and shouted. "Mars...Flame Sniper!!!". She formed a bow and arrow made of fire in her hands, pulling the arrow back and aiming at Jaedite, who also dodged with the best of timing. "Wh-What?! He dodged too!!", she exclaimed, frowning. "What kind of training have these idiots been going through?!", she exclaimed again, this time with anger in her voice.

She then had her attention turned to Jupiter, who bent over a bit, her hands pressed to the front of her skirt. "G-Guah...Now I need to pee too...G-..What's going on?", she groaned, then turning her attention to the black cat that stepped forward.

"Jupiter, remember what they're doing to the town! They're taking action on all of you!!", she shouted, Venus beginning to squirm a bit as her urges to pee were growing fast.

Mercury was about to throw her hands into the air for an attack, but they were drawn to her own crotch as she felt the urge to pee hit her abdomen as well. They were all being taken down, one by one, and fast, it seemed...

Mars, even though she was the most recent one to take a trip to the bathroom, she began to need to pee quite badly as well, her hips fidgeting and squirming from side-to-side quite a bit as her hands pressed against the front of her skirt. "A-Agh...S-Sailor Moon, take 'em down, now!!", she yelled at the final Senshi left standing, their own princess, Sailor Moon.

Sailor Moon then began to wave her wand through the air, beginning to yell out "Moon...Princess...." when all of a sudden, Nephrite grabbed her from behind, making her drop her wand out of the startling grab to her body, the man holding her arms behind her back with one hand while his left hand and right knee held her legs apart.

"It's about time you felt our wrath, Miss Moon..", Nephrite whispered into her ear, and noticing that at that very second, she began to squirm her body around vigorously, trying to clamp her thighs together in an attempt to ease the urges to pee that were now dragging her down.

Venus was squirming a little more now, her desperation now quite a larger feature about her than it should have been at this point in time, but the energy waves were working on her body, and the other girls' as well, quickly so their energy would at last be Beryl's. Her hand was rubbing her crotch furiously as she fought to keep her composure, as she fought to calm her urges to pee.

Jupiter was following behind Venus in her desperate state, yet not quite as bad as the previously stated Senshi, for she wasn't affected by the waves at the same time as Venus. She was bending over and lightly stamping her feet on the ground, slightly holding her crotch without care of who witnessed this embarrassing event.

Mercury was beginning to grow quite desperate, as well as Sailor Mars and Moon. Mercury and Mars were able to hold back the pressure better than their own princess, who was still being kept at bay with her legs spread apart by Nephrite.

Sailor Moon was breathing deeply, her desperation growing faster than the other girls' because of her body's placement. She was caught off-guard, and a spurt of pee wet her panties quickly, causing her to grit her teeth and whine.

Suddenly, without warning or even a clear reason, Venus cried out from desperation and began to involuntarily jet pee all over the ground, through the spaces in between her fingers, her feet rapidly stamping on the ground as she whined, trying regain control. As she thought all was lost, she finally stopped peeing and sighed, regaining control but still as desperate. She gasped and moaned as her hand rubbed her crotch in several attempts to calm her urges.

The sudden release of urine from Venus caused Jupiter to do the same, yet her jet of pee didn't last as long as Venus' did. She regained control quite fast, but groaned and whimpered at the pain of the pressure the desperation was putting on her body.

Sailor Moon was forced to listen to the pee splattering on the ground, which made her even more desperate. The sounds of pee hitting the ground caused her to eject a large spurt of her own onto the ground, her body shaking and writhing as she fought to keep her composure and keep her cool.

Mars followed suit and let loose a spurt of pee at the sight and sound of the pee hitting the ground, unable to control it as she felt even more desperate than she ever had before in her life. She moaned with desperation, her hips shifting and squirming about as she stamped her feet on the ground, the desperation beginning to get the best of her.

Venus finally lost the rest of her urine at the sight of Sailor Mars and Moon beginning to spurt pee as well, creating a huge puddle beneathe her feet as her pee streamed down her legs and as some even got into her shoes. She sighed deeply from relief as she dropped to her knees, the energy being taken from her body as she stopped peeing, Jaedite storing it in his hands as he waited for the other girls to lose their own pee as well.

Ami spurted some pee into her panties as Venus lost every drop of her own, her hands reaching to her crotch to hold it tightly and attempt to keep control, the Senshi slowly being taken down one-by-one...

Jupiter couldn't handle the sight of Venus peeing, and she began to do the same, stamping her feet in her growing puddle of pee, whining as she gasped and hissed desperately. "No, no..!! Nooo..", she groaned, squirming and holding her crotch even tighter as she fought to regain control, but she couldn't...Her puddle was as big as Venus' and she dropped to her knees as well, her own energy being sucked up by Jaedite, only to be stored in his hands as well, along with Venus'.

Mars spurted more pee into her panties, then gasped as another spurt ejected itself to the ground, and then another, along with a strong stream of pee that was hot against her hands. It was a cold day outside, which caused Mars' pee to steam a bit as the puddle grew larger and larger, soon becoming the size of Jupter's and Venus' combined.

Sailor Moon couldn't stand the sound of the pee being steadily released onto the ground, and she cried as yet another spurt of pee released itself into her panties, her body shaking and writhing as she breathed deeply and desperately, wincing as the pain of her full bladder was steadily growing, and her bladder was getting fuller by the minute.

Mercury finally lost control of her own bladder, which was surprising to know because she was the Senshi of Water. Her pee slowly trickled out of her, through her panties on the ground, very slowly forming a puddle. Since it was trickling out this slowly, it would take a supposed four minutes for her to finish peeing.

This was torture to Miss Moon's ears, who then let out yet another spurt of pee as the sound of trickling pee entered her ears.

As the next four agonizingly long moments passed, Mercury dropped to her knees, along with Mars, and both their energies were sucked up by Jaedite, stored in his hands as he waited for Sailor Moon to finally give in.

Sailor Moon squirmed and fidgeted as she fought to push her legs together, as she fought to clamp her thighs together, her crotch aching and throbbing as her desperation was growing and growing.

Nephrite began to hiss into her ear, smirking as he waited for her point of no return to arrive.

Sailor Moon let loose a stream of pee onto the ground that lasted nearly three seconds, her voice gasping out as she stopped it from lasting longer.

Jaedite walked over to her, both he and Nephrite hissing into each ear, a grin on their faces.

Finally, she'd had enough. The floodgates broke down, and she cried out as her pee began gushing out onto the ground. She groaned, her puddle growing fast and steady. As about three minutes passed, she finally stopped peeing and dropped to her knees, sighing with sweet relief. Before Jaedite could zap away her energy, she stood up, embarrassed by the mess she made. She picked up her wand and waved it in the air, shouting out. "Moon...Princess....Hala--tion!!". Jaedite and Nephrite were hit by the moons that emitted from her wand, the energy of the Senshi returning to their proper bodies.

Jaedite and Nephrite disappeared into the shadows, returning to the Negaverse, being heavily scolded by Beryl for failing her yet again.

The Senshi stood up once their regained their strength, and at the sighting of their accidents, they quickly ran away towards Mercury's home with Luna, only to avoid being seen having had an accident.

###

I hope you all enjoyed chapter two, and I will now begin brainstorming for chapter three of Usagi's Struggle!!

Luna

*017*2012-01-07 17:00

Alright, I'll keep that in mind. I do hope that I did better with the description than I did with Chapter One. >< I was trying so hard to come up with something.

