Daniel and Amy - Page 50

Author: Barry

*1227*2021-03-02 22:17

{{8 hours ago, mikey mike said:

Terrific stuff as usual Barry! The way you write it just seems so natural, normal, and fresh. Please keep up the good work!

One question; are we going to hear about Maria's 13th birthday celebrations at some point?

}}

We certainly are! Her birthday is tomorrow. So that will be a big part of the next few chapters.

*1229*2021-03-19 05:23

Chapter 29

Nikki Gets A Surprise

The kids all gathered at the Camp Kitchen, where their parents were all currently eating or cooking breakfast. The other tradesmen had already eaten, and were preparing for the days work ahead. It seemed natural to split apart from their little gang, and sit with their parents instead. The mothers had been busy cooking up a mountain of bacon and eggs, and started handing out loaded plates to the hungry teenagers. Once everyone had their food, the separate family groups all found themselves chatting amiably together, although a lot of the conversations were muted to whispers, as certain parents asked somewhat embarrassing questions of their kids. Nikki glanced towards Scott, who was blushing brightly, while nodding his head and whispering to his father, obviously embarrassed about something, and she could warrant a fair guess as to what that might be. Her attention was soon drawn back to her mother, who was anxiously waiting to ask her own questions.

“So how did you go last night Nikster? Everything okay?”

Nikki shrugged, shovelling a mouthful of fried egg in before answering. “Yeah. It was okay mum. I slept well.”

“Did you wet?”

“Muuuuuuuummmm! Geez! Do you have to?”

“Have to what? Wash your clothes? Change your sheets? It’s a fair question young lady! You’re the one who begged me to let you wear nappies again, ‘Because you NEED them,’ remember?”

Nikki was mortified. “Aw fu..shit mum. Do we have to talk about this now?”

Paula sighed. “No Nik. It doesn’t require a conversation, just an answer. Do I need to clean your van while you girls are out today, that’s all?”

Nikki took a deep breath, let it out in an exaggerated manner, then replied. The question annoyed and embarrassed her, especially the reference to needing nappies, so she decided to answer a bit more honestly than she normally would.

“No mum. There’s nothing to clean. I didn’t wet the bed last night,”

Paula started to nod, but her daughter kept talking before she could formulate a reply.

“But I DID wet myself before I made it to the toilet. Are you happy now?”

Paula was shocked. Nikki having accidents wasn’t entirely unusual, but hearing her hiss a response like that was out of character. She realised then that her daughter was feeling very uncomfortable with the conversation. She reached out and gently stroked the girls arm, noticing that she had suddenly gone very red in the face.

“Aw honey. I’m sorry. Sorry that happened, and sorry I mentioned it. Are you okay? But, watch your language please miss. No need for you to swear about it, alright?”

Nikki just nodded, not trusting herself to speak in case she started to cry. She turned in Scotts direction, and saw his dad had a gentle arm draped around the boys shoulders, and was talking quietly to him. A glance in Dans direction showed a similar scene playing out. The boy was seated between his parents, and Peter was ruffling his sons shaggy head, obviously trying his best at an awkward ‘dad joke’ to try and lift Dans mood.

“That’s funny,” she thought. “Dan looked perfectly happy earlier on.”

Matthew was the only one who appeared to be having a normal conversation with his father. JJ was seated opposite his son, and having a conversation about what work they would be doing today.

Paula realised that Nikki was now officially angry with her, and no further chat was likely to change that just yet, so she simply shrugged, got up, and started collecting the dirty plates and cups. The slightly uncomfortable quiet soon dissipated, as Maria and Aiden came jogging over, both barefoot, and wearing black shorts. Maria’s were tight lycra cycling pants, and Aidens skinny legs protracted from baggy knee length basketball shorts. Rose squealed with mock surprise when her daughter ran up behind her and squeezed here tightly.

“Hi Mama!”

“Ah Maria, watchoo doing? You gotta wear shoes missy! I keepa telling you that!”

Maria snorted. “Don’t be silly Mama! You know I hate shoes. I’ll be fine!” Before Rose could reply, the girl had bounced across the kitchen to give Mario a big hug, which made the man grin from ear to ear.

“My princess! How are you today?”

“I’m good Papa. Don’t forget it’s my birthday tomorrow!” She winked at him, as Rose shouted to her husband.

“Hey! Old man! Can you tella you daughter she has to wear shoes and start acting like a lady nowa that she’s alla grown up?”

Maria stuck a cheeky tongue out at her mother. “That’s tomorrow Mama! Not today!”

Mario gave his youngest daughter a big squeeze, laughing at their byplay, while Rose rolled her eyes in classic Italian Mama style.

“You guys wanna some bacon or eggs? We got plenty left?”

“Not for me,” Maria replied. “We just had breakfast inside. Aiden might though. Could we have some of that juice please?” She pointed at a large container of fruit juice, and started setting up a couple of large glasses before anyone answered.

Aiden felt a bit weird. His father was nowhere to be seen, and all his friends were with their folks, but he relaxed a bit when he spied his dad walking towards them. He almost ran across to meet him, but that certainly wouldn’t be cool in front of his mates, so he stayed put, accepting an enormous glass of juice from Maria, which made Rose raise an eyebrow.

“Hey missy. Don’t you go wasting that juice. Thatsa ‘spensive, ya know?”

Her daughter grinned. “Don’t worry mama. Me and Aiden won’t waste a bit, will we Aiden? Promise!”

“Itsa Aiden and I,” Rose corrected, which made Maria snort.

“Really mama? Since when do you teach me English, huh?”

She screamed when Rose turned around threateningly, and flicked a dish cloth at her, then hid behind her father as Rose approached.

This bit of lighthearted family fun soon had everyone present laughing along, and all the tension drained away from the group. Once the laughter died down, Peter stood up, walked into the centre of the kitchen, cleared his throat, and started addressing the group as a whole, and they all fell silent. His speech was short and to the point, although it didn’t exactly pan out the way that everyone was hoping for.....

“Alright guys and girls. Listen up. Welcome to your first day of hard labour.”

This was met with some polite chuckles.

“Our plan is, to have you guys helping us out as trades assistants until around mid afternoon. Don’t panic, we won’t make you work all day, not on your holidays. But, you will be paid an appropriate adult wage for the hours you work, so we expect you to actually work hard, listen carefully, do as your told, and don’t muck around. Understood?”

The teens all nodded solemnly. Peter was addressing them as adults, not as a bunch of silly kids, which was a nice change after school.

“To start with, you can all begin working with your respective parents, at least for now. As the jobs progress and evolve, you’ll work for whom ever needs you the most at any given time. Now excuse me a second girls, while I address the boys separately for a moment. Guys, you’re in year eight now, and it’s time you start giving some serious thought as to what you want to do after year 12. You might want to go to college or University, or you might want to learn a trade instead. I’m sure whatever you decide upon will be fine, but this is to give you a taste of manual trades work, which can be physically tiring, but rewarding, both personally and financially. None of your fathers are going to be disappointed if you decide that a tradesmans life isn’t for you....”

As he talked, Nikki bristled a bit in silence. Originally, she had hoped to work with Scott, but after listening to him talk excitedly about how much he was looking forward to working with his dad, she had decided not to interfere. But she would’ve been very happy to work with her brother, Troy. After all, why couldn’t girls do the same work as boys? What if she wanted to be a builder, plumber, or electrician? It was so totally unfair and sexist! Although, admittedly, she didn’t have much of an idea as to what career she would eventually pursue, unlike Amy, who had decided years ago that she wanted to be a paediatric nurse.

Nikki sighed. Knowing that she was going to be stuck with the women meant a lot of cooking and cleaning, and she wasn’t a big fan of either option. But if what Mr Jacobs said was true, then perhaps she might get a chance to try some manual labor as well at some point.

But the next thing that he said, made her mood deteriorate even more, especially when he pointedly looked at her whilst saying it.

“Also gang, if you need to use the toilet, especially for, um, number twos, I suggest you do so now. JJ and his crew will be taking the roof off the toilet block today, then I’ll need to re-wire it, before Shaun can finish painting, so it will be the porta-loos only for a couple of days...”

Nikki blushed, knowing that this was aimed specifically in her direction. Her dislike of portable toilets was well known, and although it was a bit childish and embarrassing, she just couldn’t help it. But she gritted her teeth and smiled, as Paula gave her leg an encouraging squeeze.

The meeting wrapped up, with the boys all walking off talking animatedly with their respective fathers, each one of them excited for the day ahead. Aiden looked for Maria, and saw her talking to her mum, so he hurried along to catch up with his own father.

“Um, Daddy, uh, I mean dad?”

Sean stopped, and put an arm around the boy’s shoulder, trying not to smile at the fact that his son had said “daddy” accidentally.

“Yeah Tiger? What’s up?”

“Ahh, um, do you like want me to work with you as well? I totally don’t mind. It’s be cool, you know, like if you wanted me too?”

Sean squeezed him gently.

“Mate, I’d really like that, but not today. I’ll be working up on the ladder for most of it, and there’s not much for you to do. But if you want to help me later on, maybe tomorrow or something, I’d really like that. But you don’t have to.”

Aiden grinned. Unlike the other boys, he didn’t go to work with his father very often, and when his dad told him to enjoy his holiday, and have fun just playing with Maria, without asking him any embarrassing questions about wetting the bed, his grin only widened.

“Thanks dad. Love you,” he said, before turning around to run back to Maria.

“Love you too Tiger,” Sean replied, happy that his previously lonely little boy had finally found a nice group of kids to play with.

Nikki held back as well, tugging on Paula’s sleeve, surreptitiously dragging her to one side. Paula knew exactly what was coming, even before Nikki opened her mouth.

“Muuummmm, what am I supposed to do? I can’t use those damn porta-loos, I just can’t! The toilet block is bad enough!”

Paula shrugged, and tried to give an encouraging smile. “Not much you can do sweetie. Just go and use the toilet now I guess. Make good use of it now while it’s available. I’m sure if you need to go later, Rose won’t mind you going to The Lodge.”

“But, that’s way over there mum. Look. Obviously if I needed to poop, I’d walk over there, but it’s a long way to go just to pee!”

“So? Just go pee in the bush Nik. You’ve done that before. There’s heaps of spots behind the vans.”

Nikki looked affronted. “Eeewwww mum! That’s gross! Besides, what would I, you know, like wipe with? I’ll get pee in my knickers!”

Paula almost bit her tongue. For her daughter to suddenly have an aversion to wet knickers was almost funny. But, at the same time, she felt guilty for upsetting the girl when she asked her if she’d wet the bed. There was no doubt that the poor kid had felt embarrassed when asked, and Paula mentally kicked herself for asking her like she had, especially in public, even though it was a whispered question. It’s just that dealing with Nikki’s occasional bed wetting, or accidents, was something that she was used to asking or talking about, but she should have realised that this morning’s question was a bit inappropriate. Although Paula still remained unconvinced that all of Nikki’s mishaps were not avoidable. She certainly didn’t think that the kid actually deliberately wet herself, unless she was wearing a diaper. Then, Paula had little doubt that she sometimes did it on purpose, but that was put down to laziness more than anything.

Shit. Dealing with teenagers was difficult! Especially if they suffered with issues that other kids their own age had long grown out of. It was one of the reasons she was glad that Nik had found friends in Amy, Dan, and even Scott. At least they had each other to talk too.

Suddenly, she had an idea.

“Nik, why not just put one of your pull ups on?”

Nikki looked aghast. “What? You want me to use a diaper?”

“Not to pee in silly. But if you need to go, you can go in the bush, and you won’t have to wipe. It doesn’t matter if you drip into that, does it?”

Nikki’s heart started racing, but she kept her expression neutral. After over-exaggerating her bed wetting for a couple of years, but still being refused protection, she had been resigned to never wearing diapers again, until she had met Amy and Dan. Then, she had connived to convince her mother that pull ups were necessary for this trip, just in case.

Now, her mother was actually telling her to wear one! During the day! In public! Nikki actually felt a bit sick with excitement! Today’s chores suddenly looked a whole lot better. She would work side by side with her best friend, and they would be diapered together! This was way beyond totally radical.

“Are you sure Mum? I mean, I know you don’t like me wearing them, and I’ve only got enough for our stay here?”

Paula hugged her daughter.

“Nik, let’s look at this as an exception to the norm. I know how much you hate porta-loos. We all do. I know you’ll end up trying to hold on, and you’ll end up having an accident, so just wear one. I’ll get some more in town later if I have to. But Nik, I really don’t want you to just use them because you’re wearing them, ok?”

“Muuuuummmmm....”

“No Nik. I mean it. You can pee in the bush, or go to the house, but not just deliberately wet yourself for no reason, ok? They’re there to help you, not make you lazy, alright?”

Nikki nodded solemnly, trying unsuccessfully to hide the grin that was trying to sneak onto her face.

“Ok mum. I get it. Thanks!”

She kissed Paula on the cheek, then ran off to the toilet, where she would try her hardest to poop for the last time. She hoped that she could do this without peeing much, because now, at last, she could wear her little pull ups all day.

Paula shook her head as her daughter ran off. She had absolutely no doubt at all that the kid would end up wetting herself, probably more than once, now that she was able too. She shrugged. Some day soon they would have to have a good, long talk about this. But not now. Not on this holiday.

Meh. The kid was almost grown up, but not quite. If wearing a pull up would help her, then did it really matter that much if she actually enjoyed it? Paula thought it did matter. It just wasn’t normal.

But, at the end of the day, they hadn’t had a family holiday in forever, and she was prepared to let the girl just be a kid again, for what would probably be the last time.

*1233*2021-03-24 04:35

Chapter 30

Game Time

Amy helped the ladies clean away the breakfast mess before heading to the toilet, and was halfway there when she saw Nikki leave the building, and run off towards the van. After she finished her business, she pulled up her still dry diaper and shorts, washed her hands, and walked outside, just in time to see Nikki walking back, but wearing different clothes than before. Her t-shirt and leggings had been swapped in favour of a yellow cotton sundress, with delicate patterns of flowers on it, and it finished just above her knees.

“What happened Nik? Wet ya pants or something?” This was said as a joke, and Amy chuckled as she said it.

“Nup. Not yet anyway,” Nikki replied with a grin. “But come here a second. Check this out!”

She grabbed Amy’s arm, and dragged her back into the toilet block. “Anyone else in here?”

“No. Just me. Well us now I guess. What’s up?”

Nikki grinned, an excited flush spreading across her cheeks. “Look,” she half whispered, as she raised her dress up to her tummy, showing Amy the purple butterfly pull up she was wearing. “I couldn’t wear my leggings over this. It’d show through too much.”

Amy grinned, but slowly shook her head. “Wow Nik. Are you sure that’s a good idea? What if your mum finds out? She’ll flip!”

“That’s the good thing! Mums the one who told me to wear one! For real! She’s even going to get me some more.”

“Bullshit! Really?”

“Totally!”

“Why?”

“Cause of the toilets being closed!”

“So your mum is letting you wear your sleep pants to pee in?”

Nikki dropped her dress, and smoothed it out. “Not exactly. But now I can go pee in the bush, and I won’t get my undies wet.”

Amy giggled, and punched her friend lightly on the arm. “Ha! Like that would bother you anyway!”

Nikki laughed, and they walked outside together, just as JJ’s workers arrived with some scaffolding.

“Hey Nik, you’ve just given me an idea. There’s something I’ve wanted to try for a long time.....”

Nikki was intrigued. The tone of voice Amy used indicated a cunning plan of some description.

“Oh yeah? What? Fill me in.”

She lowered her voice, and leaned in closer. “I really wanna see if I can learn to pee like a boy. You know? Like standing up and somehow aiming I guess?”

Nikki shrieked, then burst out laughing. “Oh my God! Really? Why?”

Amy shrugged. “Dunno really. I’d just really like to try. I’ve watched Danny pee before, and it looks like fun. You know, being able to aim and stuff, plus not having to squat down outside. Have you ever watched a boy peeing before?”

“ Not Scott. I’ve seen Troy doing it before, like when we were kids, years ago. You’re right though. It does look like fun. What do you wanna do?”

“I think if we drink a bit, and I pay attention enough to hold on and not wet myself first, we can sneak behind one of the vans and try it. Maybe I should put a dress on too. It’d be much easier.”

They high fived each other with a laugh, and Amy ran back to the van to change, before they went back to help their mothers tidy up.

——————————————————

“So, watcha wanna do?” Aiden looked at Maria, waiting for her ideas.

“Drink more,” she replied with a shrug.

“Geez Maria. I don’t know if I can. Not after that huge glass of juice. Maybe some water?”

“That’s fine. Water it is,” she replied, leading him back towards The Lodge. “Do you have to pee yet?”

Aiden had agreed to do the pee holding challenge, and deep down he was kind of excited about it, but also a bit scared at the same time. By now he wasn’t really concerned about having an accident in front of Maria, but he couldn’t bear to think about his friends, or any of the grownups, especially his father, catch him wetting himself. He thought that if the chance arose to wet himself safely, he would just do that, claiming it was an accident.

“Not really. Maybe a bit I guess. I mean, I could go if I tried I suppose, but it’s not bad yet. But Geez, that was an awful big glass of juice that we just had.”

She led them into the backyard, and headed towards a hose that was connected to a tap on the side of the house, which she turned on, leaned forward, and drank deeply from, before passing it to the boy, who followed her lead, and started drinking, spilling some on the front of his shirt.

“Lemme show you something,” Maria said. “Something I do when I’m doing a pee hold. It can really make you need to go bad.”

He handed the running hose over suspiciously, expecting her to squirt him with it, and not really caring very much if she did. It was starting to heat up already, and if he got soaked with the hose, it wouldn’t matter if he wet himself.

“Stand here,” she instructed, pointing to a bare patch of soft earth near the garden bed, and he complied, bracing himself to get soaked.

But she didn’t soak him. All she did was aim the gently running water at his knees, taking great care not to get his clothes wet. The water was cool, and tickled slightly as it ran down his legs, and the dirt turned to mud beneath his bare feet. Suddenly, he shifted uncomfortably, and his hand automatically grabbed and tugged at the front of his shorts, and his feet squelched in the muddy puddle.

“Oh! Oh wow! Yeah. You’re right. That does make it harder,” he exclaimed, which is when he noticed that his boyhood was starting to get harder as well, so he stopped squeezing it.

“My turn,” Maria chirped happily, turning the hose onto her own legs, and splashing her feet in the puddle. They stood facing each other for a couple of minutes, squelching the mud between their toes, and occasionally jumping up and down to splash each other, while their potty dancing intensified.

“How about now? Aiden? Do you need to pee anymore now? I do,” she said, as she tugged distractedly at the lycra shorts around her bottom.

Aiden found his hand had somehow made it onto the front of his pants again, and he grinned. “Yeah. It definitely does. But I’m still ok. I’m not going to, you know, like have an accident or nothing. Not yet.”

Maria grinned at him. “I didn’t think you would. Aiden. At least not yet. But I’ll bet that you need to go much more worse than you did before though!”

He giggled and returned the grin. She was right! He definitely did need to go worse than before.

Eventually Maria stepped out of the mud, and started washing the muddy spots off her legs, before concentrating on her now brown feet. She couldn’t help giggling as she tried to keep her balance as she lifted up one foot at a time and hosed them off, before passing the hose to him to do the same.

He finished rinsing the mud off, and took a glance at his friend, who was subtly shifting her weight from one foot to the other, and an evil idea struck him. He suddenly put his finger over the end of the hose pipe, making it spray, then aimed it at Maria’s face!

She squealed with surprise, and tried to step back, but her feet slipped on the wet grass, and she stumbled backwards onto her bottom, and tried to scoot away backwards.

“STOP! STOP! AIDEN! OHHHHH. IM WETTING MYSELF!”

He took his finger of the hose, and aimed it away, while Maria bent her legs, putting her feet flat on the wet grass, and raised her knees. They both watched as her crotch started to glisten, and a bubbling fountain of pee forced its way through the tight fabric, and ran down towards her bottom. She couldn’t do anything but watch, and wait for it to eventually trickle to a stop.

Aiden went cold. Even though he knew that the idea was for them to lose control, he still had that familiar feeling of dread that overwhelms most kids when they, or their playmate has a potty accident. It usually ends with tears and trouble from the grownups.

But, instead, Maria sat there on the wet grass laughing, and shaking her head.

“You cheated! That’s not fair!”

Feeling relieved that she wasn’t upset or mad, he joined her laughter. “Huh. I thought you could hold on for ages! You didn’t even make two hours!”

“Totally your fault,” she said, clambering to her feet. “It’s impossible to hold on while you’re being squirted with water! Here. Give me the hose, and I’ll do you. See how you go!”

Grinning broadly, Aiden handed the hose over. She put her finger over the flow to make it spray, and aimed it at him, while he stood still and held his hands out to the side. The fine spray was cold, and he let out a high pitched squeal of surprise, but he didn’t flinch. He was secretly happy to get wet, so he could safely pee his pants and get it over with, but Maria kept the water aimed mostly at his head and upper body, avoiding his shorts, leaving them almost unscathed.

“Come on,” he squealed. “Get me wet down there, so I can pee!”

“Uh uh,” she replied. “You don’t get to just give up. I want you to have a real accident.”

It didn’t look like that was going to happen though, although his need to go certainly did increase substantially, so she gave up, determined not to get his shorts too wet before he did. Instead, she pulled the front of her own bicycle shorts open, and stuck the hose in them, giggling and squealing as the cold water poured over her private area, and ran out the bottom, over her already wet legs.

“Aiden! Look! It looks like I’m wetting myself again,” she almost yelled, causing him to shush at her, while he looked nervously around.

“Stop stressing,” she said. “Nobody can hear us.” She removed the hose from her pants, and turned it off.

“The great thing about these, is that they dry super fast, “she explained. “Especially since I didn’t put any underpants on!”

“Aidens mouth hung open. “Wait. What? Why?”

“Because we’re having a holding competition, silly! I knew I’d pee myself at some point, so why wear knickers?”

Aiden nodded. “That’s actually a great idea,” he said. “I didn’t think about it. I might go take mine off as well. I wanna put my flip flops on anyway, my feet are getting sore.”

“Ok. You go do that, I’ll get us something to drink. I need to catch up with you again, and you need to keep drinking too.”

His hand found itself onto the front of his barely damp shorts, and he tugged at himself. He didn’t want to admit it, but his own urgency was starting to really build up now, especially since he’d gotten wet. But he didn’t argue, knowing it would be pointless anyway. So he slipped inside to his bedroom while Maria got them a bottle of Coke each to drink.

Meanwhile, Amy and Nikki were drinking lots as well, giggling and whispering to each other about how exciting it would be to pee like a boy soon.

*1240*2021-04-19 23:14

{{On 4/13/2021 at 4:07 PM, Stanley79 said:

Barry, Hoping won't mind answering some of the following within the story text:

Could storm blow into WA (Western Australia) providing a scary night (how do the teens brave it) and extra days clean-up and repair work?

Storm warning causes field zoologists to seek cover at the resort?

Zoologists in area checking on report of marsupial not expected here?

As trades-bound teens often do here, has Matt scratch-built such items as a lake boat, folding sun chairs or a Spirit of Australia radio-controlled model?

Might Matt have a twenty-something female cousin getting a week off while hired professionals more her employer's business?

She drops in with Matt's creations on Matt's rebuilt boat trailer?

Matt's cousin and younger zoologist click?

After storm Maria offers to guide zoos through back roads? But she wants Aiden to see the wild areas? M's cousin offers ti chaperon? What antics would cousin and younger zoo get into? At a stop Maria and Aiden say they're going into brush to "split up" for certain needs. Does M's cousin giggle at the notion they split up?

Maria and cuz see a fender-kissed marsupial beside a road. They find her beyond help. Does Maria want to adopt the unhurt joey in the pouch? If she does, do the boys tease Aiden about his fatherhood?

A couple kids in childhood circle couldn't subtract 3 from 9 in the abstract. But they found they could do any and all needed math when dealing with physical items like florescent light fixtures.

Mostly off topic. Stuff from my childhood -- wondering about parallels. Now that I've written it out, it looks irrelevant.

}}

Thanks for the ideas and feedback.

I don’t know if you guys saw the news about the cyclone in Kalbarri a couple of weeks ago? Town got decimated.

Well, in real life, Kalbarri is a bit north of Shark Bay, where Peaceful Bay is based upon. The entire coast copped a battering up there. So yes, a big storm is a possibility.

You’ve actually given me an idea to incorporate into a future chapter. I think a storm might tie in nicely with my idea.

I like the plot line idea, but too involved for me. Maybe if we ever make a movie out of it! Lol.

As for the next chapter. It’s nearly finished. Honestly. Just a couple of paragraphs to go.

I got a bit distracted. Had an idea for another story that I just had to start. Couldn’t stop thinking about it. Not a huge one, just a handful of short chapters, but I needed to get a few chapters in before I started posting. Hope to post chapter one later today.

It will be in the diaper fiction section. Keep an eye out for Paige....

Hope to update D&A latest chapter very soon.

I think you guys will like it.

*1241*2021-04-28 08:29

Chapter 31.

Nikki Gets Her Wish.

The girls worked with the women for another hour, helping to make salad and buttering bread for the midday meal. Ham and salad rolls were the menu for lunch today. It wasn’t exactly exciting work, and they both complained mildly to their respective parents, who assured them that yes, there wasn’t a lot to do just at the moment, but they would definitely get a chance to work with the boys at some stage.

“It’s so totally not fair,” Nikki moaned. “Really sexist! I thought we were going to get a chance to try proper work, not just household chores! We should get a go at the building or maintenance stuff as well!”

Paula and Sonia agreed, but pointed out that they didn’t have much say in it yet, but they assured the girls that they would get a chance to try the manual labor as well, although they would have to wait until a job came up that they could help with. Sonia asked her daughter why she had changed into a dress, and Amy simply replied that she had gotten dressed for outside work at first, but since they weren’t doing that, the dress was cooler and more comfortable. Paula didn’t question Nikki, because she was well aware of why her daughter had gotten changed. By ten thirty, the lunchtime meal was all but ready, and the ladies happily agreed to follow Rose to the Lodge for a much needed coffee break. The teenagers declined that invitation however, choosing to hang out and explore the park instead. By this stage, they had managed to finish off the remaining juice, and fill their water bottles up with ice water before their exploration began.

“Ugh. Thank God they’re gone,” Nikki said to Amy. “The olds are gonna drive me nuts if I have to listen to them all day.”

Amy agreed, and suggested that they should charge their Bluetooth speakers up, so they could at least listen to music while they worked.

“It’s funny,” Amy commented. “I’ve hardly touched my phone since I’ve been here! I’m usually lost without it, but I didn’t even bring it with me today.”

Nikki agreed, and said that she really did want to take some pictures of the place to share on Instagram and Facebook, but she just hadn’t gotten around to it as yet. “I guess we’ve been kind of busy since we got here,” she said. “What with setting up the vans, going to the beach and shit. But you’re right. I didn’t even see Scotty touch his phone yesterday, and he doesn’t usually go more than a few minutes without checking it.”

“Yeah. Dans not as bad, but you’re right. I guess he doesn’t do the social media as much. Not since he got bullied so much at his last school. I know how much it hurt him.”

They continued to make small talk as they headed to their van, ignoring the obvious topic of conversation until they were safely inside. While Amy was digging in her bag for her speaker, Nikki checked her phone before broaching the secret topic.

“So, are you still dry? Ready to try out your boy-pee experiment?”

Amy slipped a hand under her dress, and put her index finger inside the leg guard of her adult diaper.

“Um, I might’ve leaked just a little bit,” she answered without any shame or embarrassment. “I didn’t feel it happen, but my nappy feels a little damp, unless it’s just sweat?”

“Wow. I can’t imagine what that’s like for you. You know, like leaking without knowing? It must be bad?”

Amy shrugged, a wry grin on her face. “Well, I certainly wish it didn’t fucking happen, that’s for sure. But I’m used to it by now.”

She closed her eyes and concentrated for a few seconds. “Yeah. I guess I do need to go a bit. But it doesn’t feel urgent or anything. I mean I’ve gotta like really focus on it to feel it, so my bladder must be less than half full, or I would’ve probably already wet myself by now.”

Nikki grinned broadly. “I already have, just a little bit....”

Amy was surprised. “What? You had an accident, or....?”

“Nah. No accident. But I did let just a little bit out earlier. I was sooooo bored, I kind of kept relaxing my bladder for a few seconds at a time, to see how long I could go without leaking. Apparently it was about seven seconds.”

Amy almost choked. “You’re incredible Nik. You did that while your mum was there?”

Nikki nodded.

“What would’ve happened if that little kiddie pull up leaked? Your mum would’ve known straight away!”

“Meh. I only leaked a bit. I think. Here. Have a look.”

She lifted up her yellow dress, revealing a soggy and saggy looking pull up, that was faintly tinged with yellow around the crotch, with the purple butterfly now slightly faded. She pressed on it, enjoying the way it squished beneath her fingers.

“It’s ok, but it’ll leak if I did it again. I’ll leave it on until we try your experiment. Hey! Guess what?”

“What?”

“You remember how I told ya that mum was going to buy me more pull ups? Well I’m gonna ask her if she can get me some grownup ones, like yours.”

Amy had her doubts that that was a good idea, but Nikki just shrugged. “Meh. The worst she can do is say no.”

Amy relaxed on her bed, while Nikki sat at the small dining table, both of them enraptured with their phones. Neither of them were part of the “Cool” girls in year seven, but they did have some friends, and they spent some time updating their social media, and checking messages. Amy was distracted by two things, concentrating on not wetting her nappy, and watching how Nikki occasionally put her hand up under her dress, to touch or squeeze at the wet pull up she was wearing.

The older girl allowed herself a small grin. She’d never met another girl who wet herself regularly before, especially on purpose, nor had she ever heard of anyone actually enjoying it like her friend did! For herself, Amy was a bit blasé about it. It was such a part of her life by now that it didn’t bother her as much as it used to, and yes, on occasion, wetting could certainly be fun, especially the naughty aspect, but she wished it didn’t happen, at least accidentally. If only she could be more like Nik, and enjoy choosing when and where to do it, instead of having accidents every day and night. But, she was wistfully accepting of it by now, and yes, it really could be fun sometimes, especially with Danny.

Amy stretched her legs and back, and was rewarded with a tiny trickle of warmth between her legs. It was time to go, before her bladder failed her yet again.

“Come on Nik. I definitely leaked a bit this time. Let’s go before it’s too late.

Nikki looked up, with one hand still gently pushing her squishy diaper, a big grin showing her slightly crooked teeth.

“I’m ready too,” she said. “I kinda need to really go this time, not just let a leak out. It’s funny how wearing a wet dipe can make it worse, isn’t it?”

Amy agreed, and carefully stood up, paying close attention to her holding muscles, praying that they wouldn’t betray her, as she slipped her feet into her slides, while Nikki donned her flip flops.

“Ready? Let’s do this thing,” the younger girl said with a whispered giggle, which Amy parroted, and they left the van, after doing a quick look around to make sure no one was around. The coast was clear. All the workmen and the boys were at the toilet block, or working on the front fence or gates, and their mothers were nowhere to be seen, obviously still at The Lodge with Rose.

Nikki paused. “Hey? Wanna smoke? I’ve only got a few left, and we won’t have to share with the boys?”

Amy was getting distracted now, but the idea of a smoke appealed.

“Sounds good Nik, but hurry up eh? I probably don’t have too long.” Nikki agreed, and ducked back inside quickly to get the cigarettes from her special hiding place, then they set off.

Even though they were alone, they spoke in giggly whispers, simply because it seemed appropriate under the circumstances.

“Let’s not do it here,” Amy quietly chuckled. “Let’s go up a few vans, further away.”

There was really no need to sneak, but sneak they did, feeling like they were thieves or something, trying to get away before they got caught, their youthful imaginations leading them along, not unlike Dan sneaking around the school camp at night, secretly pretending to be a soldier. They crept around to the back of their van, turned left, and snuck deeper into the park, occasionally bumping into each other, and trying their hardest not to laugh. It felt like such a naughty thing that they were doing, even though in reality it wasn’t, as they had been told to go pee in the bush, although they hadn’t been instructed to try doing it from a boys perspective.

“How about here?” Nikki whispered, after they had moved up the line by four vans. She was holding a bunched fist firmly against the front of her dress, right between her legs, as she jiggled around. “Commmme onnnnn! I really can’t hold it much longer mate!”

Amy could see how desperate her friend looked, although she wasn’t sure how much Nikki was exaggerating. Surely she wouldn’t need to go that badly yet? But, she did have a wet dipe on, and Amy knew that the psychological aspect of that really could intensify a girls need for release. She often wet herself first thing in the morning, before she could get to the bathroom, after waking up with a wet nappy on, but still needing to go more. It was like your body was screaming out “Come on! You’re already wet! Just let go!”

Amy pointed at a bush that was sticking out a bit. “Over there! Behind that!” Now she was getting close to their all natural “bathroom,” her own need to go was steadily increasing.

Behind the bush was a small, semi-circular “clearing,” about 12 foot, or 3.5 meters wide, and the bush was too high and thick to see over, and the grass was short and soft. There was a fallen branch off to one side, like a big natural bench seat, and Nikki put the cigarettes behind it.

“Perfect!” Amy declared with satisfaction, as her excitement levels kept building.

Nikki was bouncing from foot to foot, tugging at the side of her dress, potty dancing like a small child. “How do we do this thing Ames?”

Amy shrugged. “I don’t know, you idiot! I’ve never done this before either! I guess we pull our dresses up, nappies down, let go, and try to aim somehow? I think we should take our shoes off first though....”

“Let’s stand beside each other,” Nikki suggested. “Like the boys do. Well see who can get the furthest!”

The girls took their positions, backs to the bush, both of them grinning and bouncing around, their need for relief glaringly obvious to anyone who could see them, and Nikki looked expectantly at Amy, waiting to follow her lead.

The bigger girl took a deep breath, reached under her dress, and gently tugged her adult pull up halfway down her thighs, then lifted her dress up as high as she could, kind of twisting it around to the left, and using her arm to pin it out of the way. Her private areas were fully exposed, but there was only Nikki there to see it, and she’d seen it all before anyway. Amy looked down into her big nappy, and saw that it was a bit stained in the middle, but nowhere near needing to be changed. Maybe the little leak that she had felt in the van was indeed the only tiny accident that she’d had, and that hadn’t been much more than a little squirt. The feeling of sun and fresh air “down there” was very freeing and liberating for the girl who wore diapers 24/7, and apart from a swimsuit, never wore panties, and she shivered with the naughty pleasure of being unclothed down there, although it did feel a bit scary somehow.

Nikki took up her position on Amy’s left, and copied her, pulling her little pull up down to just above her knees, which she spread slightly to keep it from falling off, and she pulled her dress up high, holding it in place with her arm. The inside of her nappy was definitely wetter than what Amy’s was.

The barefoot giggling girls bobbed up and down as they chuckled, openly looking at each other with no pretence of embarrassment, their private parts fully on display, nappies pulled down and on show.

“What now?” Nikki whispered.

“We pee I guess,” Amy shrugged. “Try to aim it somehow.”

Both of them needed to go, but it didn’t just magically happen either. Amy in particular found that weird, as she could pee herself without even knowing it was happening sometimes, and now, she couldn’t seem to start.

“Oh!” Nikki grunted. “Oh! Here it comes Ames! Here it comes! I’m doing it!”

She thrust her hips forward, her face showing a mask of concentration, as a sharp stream of urine shot out, and went straight into her little diaper.

“Shit,” she muttered, and moved her hand, peeing all over it, but only managing to direct the stream towards her leg instead.

Amy was watching, fully enthralled, and felt her own bladder trying to release, but it didn’t. She even pushed a bit, but nothing happened.

“Ugh. It’s like I’ve got stage fright or something,” she muttered.

Nikki thought that that was hilarious, and she snorted with laughter. “Pffft! Stage fright?”

Laughing had made her hunch forward, and her hand slipped fully into her pee stream, making it fan out, like a spoon held under a running faucet, and her hot pee spread like a fan, running down both her legs, as well as straight through her fingers, and into and all over her pull up.

“Ohhhhhh! I’m peeing in my didee,” she almost screamed.

Now Amy had always found that word somewhat hilarious, and this was no different. She uttered a chortling giggle, and just like that, her fingers started getting wet.

“Fucking didee! Nik! I’m peeing!”

Her aim was only marginally better than her friends was. At first, she simply peed all over her hand, directing her stream all over her legs and diaper, as she tried to manipulate her pee hole for some aim. By the time she’d managed to get her stream arcing in front of her, it had weakened, and was basically splattering loudly onto the front of her nappy, and onto her feet.

“Ohhhh yuuuuuck,” she said, but kept giggling the whole time, as Nikki was as well.

When they had finished, they stood there laughing, their legs and feet covered with pee, diapers drenched both inside and out, and their right hands saturated. They looked at each other, and burst out into real laughter, as they simultaneously pulled their legs together, letting their wet diapers simply fall to the ground around their ankles with a heavy plopping sound.

“Yeah. Yucks right,” Nikki said as she giggled, stepping out of her nappy, her legs and feet glistening in the sun. “What the fuck do we do now Ames?”

Amy grinned, stepping out of her diaper, then shrugged, and pulled her dress off over her head, leaving her in just a sports bra. “Sit here and dry off in the sun,” she suggested.

Nikki smiled nervously, but followed Amy’s lead, pulling her own dress over her head, leaving her dressed in only a sleeveless girls singlet, grey, with pink straps and trims, and little pink mushrooms decorating it. She didn’t appear to be at all uncomfortable about standing there with no pants on, although she did place an arm protectively across her chest. Nikki really looked up at the older girl, almost worshiped her in fact, especially her natural good looks. It was a real sense of annoyance for her that as of yet, she still didn’t really need a bra, while Amy’s lycra sports bra was filled out very nicely. Even though she was fully aware that her best friend was more than a year older than what she was, she yearned to one day have a bigger chest, just like Amy’s.

“Smoke?” Nikki said, more to break the sudden silence.

Amy agreed, and they both lit up, taking a seat beside each other on the smooth log, their bare bottoms wriggling until they got comfortable, and they stretched their legs out, wiggling their toes in the sun, which felt lovely on their bare skin. The longer they sat there, the more comfortable Nikki felt, and she soon stopped trying to cover her chest, although she did sigh silently. Even little Maria had bigger boobs than she did! So unfair.

Her cigarette was nearly finished, when she stood up. “You know what? I think I could pee again. I don’t think I let it all out before.”

“Go for it Nik,” Amy said with a smile, and so she did.

Her cigarette dangling loosely from the corner of her mouth, she squatted down a few feet away, still right beside the log, and facing her friend, holding the front of her singlet up high against her tummy, and Amy watched as a fresh stream suddenly erupted from between her friends legs. It wasn’t as strong as before, nor did it last as long, but it arced out a bit, before splattering noisily onto the ground in front of her scrunched up toes.

“Huh! That got more distance than when I was trying before,” she remarked, which made Amy snort and giggle, suddenly feeling a familiar warmth underneath her bottom. She looked down in surprise, and saw a stream darkening the log between her legs, and around the sides of her bare bottom, making her squeal.

“Oh! I’ve wet myself Nik! Or at least I would’ve if I was actually wearing pants I suppose!”

She jumped up, faced Nikki, and assumed the same squatting position, and Nikki could see the fresh pee glistening on her friends thighs. It didn’t take long for either of them to finish, but they watched each other doing it until they had. Once they stood up, they saw the big wet spot on the log where Amy had been sitting, and both laughed at it.

“What happened?” Nikki asked, pointing at the wet log with the little trails running off the front and back.

“Dunno. It just sorta happened, like when you started peeing, I was watching, and the next thing I started going as well. Didn’t even feel it until it happened. What about you? You just peed a few minutes ago. Why did you need to go again straight away?”

Nikki shrugged. “It wasn’t like I absolutely NEEDED to go again, but I got the feeling like I COULD, ya know?”

Amy nodded sagely. “And before, when you were dancing around before we did it, do you think that was partly because your nappy was already a bit wet?”

Nikki grinned. “Definitely! Don’t YOU get that? That feeling like if you’re already a bit wet, then you sorta need to go more?”

“Sometimes. First thing in the morning mostly, like if I’ve wet in my sleep, but need to go after I’ve woken up. I’ll never make it to the bathroom, and there’s one attached to my room”

They laughed at that, before Amy continued. “But my dipe spends a lot of time being wet, and I don’t always feel the need to go anyway, or even when I do go mostly I guess, but I know what you mean mate.”

They lapsed into silence again, legs stretched out, drying in the sun. Amy thought it was nice that they felt so comfortable around each other, that they could sit there naked from the waist down, and not feel awkward, although she noticed how Nikki kept covering her chest with her arm. Knowing how her friend felt about her lack of chest development, she spoke casually to her.

“That’s a really pretty top, Nik. I haven’t seen that one before. Is it new? Gimme a better look.”

Nikki beamed with pleasure at Amy giving her a compliment, and Amy noticed immediately, making a mental note to do it more often. She, better than anyone else, (Except for Paula and Troy,) knew that behind Nikki’s rather brash exterior, was a young girl who was battling with her own body-image monsters. A lot of her over-the-top confidence was merely a facade for the shy person hiding underneath. The fact that most of her friends were older than her was a factor. It was only a year, but the difference between thirteen and fourteen could be huge. At least Amy was still in the same grade as her, and could help shoulder the burden of year seven.

The younger girl beamed with pleasure at the compliment, standing up, and pulling her top tight against her so Amy could get a better look was a telling fact. She had absolutely no issues with standing there with no pants on, but felt uncomfortable about her upper body.

“Thanks Ames! Yeah, it’s new. Mum got it for me. Do you really like it? I thought it was a bit babyish?”

Amy rolled her eyes. “And wearing a pull up isn’t?”

Nikki laughed, punching Amy lightly on the arm. “Well yeeaaahhh, I suppose, but.....” and she shrugged, which made them both laugh.

They were dry now, and pulled their dresses back on, rolled up their wet diapers, and headed back.

“We can’t have a shower yet Ames, but maybe a swim?” Nikki suggested.

“Nuh-Uh. Nearly lunchtime Nik. Our mums will want us to help serve lunch.”

“But we’re covered in pee! What are we going to do?”

“Have a wash in the van I guess. We have cold water at least. It’ll have to do.”

The women weren’t back out yet, so the kids took their time. They filled the sink with cold water and some soap, took their dresses off again, before scrubbing themselves thoroughly from the waist down, including their grubby feet. They chatted as they washed, feeling no embarrassment whatsoever about being naked from the waist down as they washed. Once they were clean and dry, they put fresh diapers on again, a big plain white adult pull up for Amy, and a brightly coloured kiddie pull up with a purple butterfly on the front for Nikki.

Both of them commented to each other how they wished they were wearing the other person’s diapers! Nikki again reiterating how she was going to ask her mum to get her some grownup ones. Once they were dressed, and wet diapers safely bagged, they headed outside, seeing their mothers again approaching the camp kitchen. Both Paula and Sonia waved at the girls as they took their heavy plastic bags towards the skip bin. The girls did pause there for a moment, hoping that their boyfriends might be around, but they weren’t, so they walked back to their mums at the kitchen.

Paula had seen her daughter throwing the plastic bag into the rubbish, and she discreetly pulled her young teenager to one side. She was dreading the upcoming conversation, but felt they had to have it. Paula and Sonia had been talking with each other, as well as Sue, about their teenagers wetting problems, and Paula wasn’t convinced that all of her daughters accidents were exactly that. Accidents. But she remembered how her girl had fired up when it was last mentioned. The other mothers had been sympathetic, but agreed that perhaps Paula needed to make sure that her daughter wasn’t simply using her dislike of porta-loos wasn’t just an overblown excuse to wear diapers like her friends did.

“I saw you throwing that bag out Nikster. What happened? Did you wet yourself?” She steeled herself for a meltdown. But was surprised when Nikki just smiled, and answered softly and sweetly, even managing a slight chuckle.

“Ha! Not really mum, but sorta kinda I guess! I didn’t really like you know, pee my pants, but they got a bit wet. I did a wee in the bushes, like you said I could, and I made it, really I did! But I kind of made a bit of a mess of it as well. I guess I probably wasn’t like, you know? Like squatting over enough? I pulled my, um, you know, “pants” down, but I sort of peed on them a bit. I’m sorry. Are you mad?”

She looked at her mother with her big brown puppy dog eyes, and a worried, nervous expression, and Paula bought it on the spot. The way Nikki explained it, made absolute sense, and she could completely understand how it could happen. After all, the kid wasn’t used to just popping a squat outside. She gave the girl a brief squeeze around the shoulders.

“Don’t be silly baby girl. Of course I’m not mad. These things happen. That’s why I’m letting you wear your pull ups, remember? I just wanted to make sure you weren’t being lazy because you had them on, that’s all.”

Nikki returned the hug.

“I know mum. I already promised you that I wouldn’t do that, didn’t I? But, I did kind of want to ask you something though, if that’s alright?”

Paula relaxed. Nikki was obviously telling the truth, and she hadn’t exploded upon being questioned. Best to maintain the peace.

“Fire away Nikster. What do you want to ask?”

Nikki hesitated, and looked around, making sure that they weren’t being overheard, and she lowered her voice into a conspirational tone.

“You know how you said that I could wear my pull ups during the day, and you’d get me some more?”

“Yes Nik, and I will. We’ll be going into town to shop either later today or tomorrow. You have a new packet. More than enough for the moment, but I will definitely buy you some more, yes.”

Nikki lowered her eyes, the plan that she had was now in motion. The first step, to be allowed to wear pull ups to bed, had been successful. Part two, wearing during the day, was already in play. Now for part three....

“That’s the thing mum. These kids pull ups are a bit fragile, like I’m a bit big for them or something.”

This was a blatant lie. They fitted her perfectly, but she was banking on her mother not actually doing a physical inspection. If she tried, Nikki would overreact, and make a fuss about it, claiming an overwrought embarrassment.

“You probably are a bit big for them sweetheart. You are a teenager, remember? They’re designed for ki.... for people a lot smaller than what you are.” She had managed to stop herself before saying “kids,” as she knew that would only upset her, and was pleased when Nikki apparently hadn’t noticed. She continued on, moving away from that part of the conversation. Really, talking to Nikki could be like walking on eggshells sometimes!

“What do you mean, “fragile”? Don’t they fit? I got you the largest size they had. What’s wrong with them?”

Nikki gave an embarrassed looking shrug.

“Nothing really I suppose mum. I mean they fit nice to go to bed in. But when I’m walking around a lot, like now, the sides are a bit weak I guess. I tore the sides a bit when I pulled it down to pee. Even if I didn’t end up, you know, wetting in it like I did, I woulda had to change it anyway. It woulda just ripped right off as soon as I started to walk I reckon.”

Paula considered this. Nikki seemed so genuine, and what she was saying made a lot of sense. After all, they were designed for 5-8 year olds, and although her daughter was skinny, she probably was too big for them.

“Ok. So what can I do about it honey? There isn’t a bigger size.”

Nikki dropped her eyes, and blushed. The fact that she could almost blush on cue was just another fact that Paula didn’t know.

“Um, I was thinking that maybe I could try the adult ones? The ones like Amy wears?”

Paula was taken aback. “Jesus Nik. Really? I don’t think you need those! I’m only letting you wear Goodnights because the bloody toilets are closed! They’re supposed to be helpful if you need to pee in the bush, not to just give you something to wet whenever you feel like it!”

The puppy dog eyes came into play once more. “Aw muuuuummmm, that’s not fair! You know I wouldn’t do that!”

“Actually Nik, I don’t know that at all. Jesus mate. You’re thirteen! You don’t need diapers!”

Nikki hurriedly agreed. “Yeah mum. I know. Really I do. But I’m not gonna just start wetting myself! Promise! It’s just they would fit better, and wouldn’t rip open when I walk or squat down.”

“What about Scott? How would he feel if he knew that his girlfriend was wearing diapers? It’s bad enough that I’m letting you wear pull ups!”

“I’m sure Scotty wouldn’t mind Mum. After all, he wears the grownup ones to bed as well.”

Paula sighed, feeling like she had already lost the argument.

“He doesn’t wear them during the day mate. Besides, they’re a lot more expensive than Goodnights...”

“I’ll pay you back mum. As soon as I get paid. Promise!”

Paula went quiet, trying to process everything before answering. After a few moments, she placed a gentle hand on her daughters shoulder, and spoke gently.

“I’ll tell you what I’ll do Nik. I’ll buy them for you. You don’t have to pay me back, that’s not the issue. The issue is that you’re a teenager, who doesn’t really need diapers, except maybe at night, at least while we’re here, I’ll give you that much. I’d rather you wore protection rather than wet the bed. But, I’m really not on board with you just wearing them to pee in because you’re “Too Scared” to use the damn porta-loo.”

Nikki began to interrupt, but Paula silenced her with a raised hand.

“Nope. Zip it miss. Let me finish. I said I’ll buy them for you, but, if I even begin to suspect that you’re deliberately wetting yourself, do you know what I’ll do?”

Nikki was so excited that she didn’t trust herself to speak, so she just shook her head.

Paula made direct eye contact with her.

“If you take advantage of this, I’ll tell Troy, AND Scott what you’ve been wearing, got it?”

Nikki looked humble, but she hugged Paula, and kissed her on the cheek. “Thanks mummy,” she said. “I’ll be good. Promise.”

Paula hugged her back, and Nikki ran off to join Amy, then Paula brushed a tear away. Nikki wasn’t a hugger or kisser, and hadn’t called her Mummy in years.

What the hell. Did it really matter if the kid wore them for a couple of weeks? Maybe. But she would let her, although she planned to keep a closer eye on her.

