A R-omo-antic Fall Day

Author: Empeeror

*000*2020-09-27 23:19

The wind outside howled, carrying the autumn leaves down the street. It was a quiet, overcast day. The sun barely peeked through the clouds, and there was a pleasant kind of chill in the air - not biting, but not soft enough to be gentle. It was the kind of weather that invited people to stay indoors, or if they were outdoors, to wear an oversized hoodie and toast marshmallows. It was the weather, in most people's eyes, of comfort. There was a house on this street with two inhabitants, boyfriend and girlfriend. It wasn't particularly large, though it did have two stories. 'Cozy' might have been the best word to describe it.

At the moment, only one of the two was awake. He had slept in because it was Saturday, and trudged groggily downstairs in his pajamas. He was slightly muscular, though not to an excess degree, and he had a face that seemed kindly no matter which angle you looked at it from. His hair was a faded brown color, his eyes a shade of hazel somewhere between brown and gold. As he entered the kitchen, he gazed out the window, assessing the weather.

"Well, James," he said to himself, "looks like it's that kind of day."

He smiled, the skin around his eyes crinkling. He reached for two packets of hot chocolate powder and started making them. His girlfriend, Jen, was still asleep in bed upstairs. After the coffee machine was finished, he put the cups on a tray, climbed back upstairs and sat on the edge of the bed, weighing it down a bit. He looked over at Jen's quiet visage. She had long hair that was mostly dark brown with streaks of light brown scattered throughout, olive skin, large eyes, and a small nose. She was wearing a thin, loose-fitting green pajama shirt and light grey pants.

"Morning, love," he said as she rolled over, tangling her hair over her face.

"G'mrbing," she mumbled, her face squished into the pillow.

"I brought you hot chocolate."

She rolled back over and positively beamed, her eyes still halfway closed.

"Give it here."

James handed her one of the chocolates, which drank through in barely a few seconds.

Jen, doing her best Thor voice, said,

"I like it! Another!"

James smiled a bit and looked at the hot chocolate he had made for himself. Then he handed it over to her.

She was sitting completely upright now, holding the second cup of hot chocolate with both her hands. She sipped intently on it.

"Why'd you bring me this?"

"'Cuz it's cold. And I like you, that too," he added as an afterthought.

Jen climbed out of bed and walked downstairs, followed by James.

"Hey, I think we should do your favorite thing today," he said.

"What would that be?" inquired Jen.

"Y'know, pajama day, cuddle and watch a movie or two."

"How do you know me so well?"

Jen smiled at James a bit flirtatiously.

"It's not like we live together or anything," joked James.

The living room in this house was more an extension of the kitchen that happened to have carpeting. There was a couch and a computer connected to a TV. The computer streamed movies from a media server James had created, and he was quite proud of it. On one side of the couch there was a small table with Jen's array of plants, which she was quite proud of.

"I'm getting a fuzzy blanket and sitting on the couch. I get to be the big spoon," announced James.

"Okay, gotta do my morning pee first," responded Jen, who was about to enter the bathroom.

"Well, movie's starting in two minutes, if you're not here I'm picking without you!"

"Hey! We are not watching another documentary about Victorian architecture." Jen rushed back over to the couch and sat down on it, curled up with her knees to her chin.

"How about the deep sea?" asked James.

"Yeah, that's pretty cool. Alright, I'm lying down, but I get first dibs on the bathroom when this is over."

James pulled the blanket over her shoulders, wrapped his arms around her and laid himself behind her in a similar position. He twirled a bit of her hair, then clasped his hands together over her stomach. David Attenborough's voice rang out from the speakers. The couple was warm and content, and mesmerized by the bizarre creatures of a thousand leagues dancing on the screen in front of them. After a few minutes, Jen shifted her weight a bit. James knew what that meant, and he cuddled up closer to her. The documentary passed slowly, covering the topics of deep sea vents, migration patterns of fish, and the evolutionary advantages of translucent skin.

Jen squirmed a little more. She turned her head over to look at James with her deep brown eyes.

"How much longer?" she questioned innocently.

"Forever," mumbled James.

"Well, I think the hot chocolate's gone through my system. I really gotta go!"

"I'd like it if you stayed here for the rest of the show. Just the two of us, curled up together."

"I can hold it a little longer..." she admitted.

James tucked his head to the side of hers, so it leaned over her shoulder, and whispered in her ear.

"You know what I want to happen, but try to hold on. Big girls don't have accidents."

Jen realized what he meant, and her complexion darkened with embarrassment. Then she smiled, relieved to know that she wouldn't be judged for what would happen later.

"I'm getting some popcorn," announced James.

"Should I take a potty break?" Jen responded.

"You can hold it."

Jen fake-pouted but continued to lie on the couch while James made the popcorn. Eventually, he made his way back over and resumed his position.

"Here, turn your head, that way I can feed popcorn to you."

The two of them under the blanket continued to watch the movie, with James putting popcorn in Jen's mouth every once in a while. For about five minutes, they sat in silence.

"I'm kinda thirsty now," said Jen.

"You want something with caffeine? That way you don't fall asleep?"

"Mhm," replied Jen.

"I'll get you some tea."

"Get back here fast! I like you hugging me."

James poured the tea carefully and added some honey.

"Oh, I can't take that sound!" Jen exclaimed, referring to the tea being poured.

"You'll make it."

Jen moaned and put one of her hands between her legs. James clambered back onto the couch, and positioned himself behind her. He put his hand over hers.

"Ohh. Tea now, please!"

With her free hand, Jen received the glass from James, raised it to her lips, and drank from it. She could feel James' heartbeat behind hers. It just felt so nice to be in a comfortable position, under a fuzzy blanket with someone who cared about her. James patted her hand and then moved his hands back to the clasped position over her stomach. The next ten minutes were fairly uneventful. Then the documentary ended.

"Hah! I made it!" said Jen, who tried to get up.

"Not just yet, miss." James' arms were still around her, and she couldn't fully stand.

"Lie back down."

She was excited but a little nervous.

"I drank a whole bottle of water before I went to bed last night plus everything this morning. Omigosh I gotta peee!"

She sank back into the cushions, now holding herself with both hands.

"Help me hold?"

She made her best puppy dog eyes.

James smirked a bit.

"What if I do this instead?"

He moved his hands from over her stomach to over her bladder and pressed them down into it. Jen audibly gasped and James heard the undeniable trickle of urine. The warm wetness radiated out from Jen's crotch and spilled over her left leg. It flowed down both sides, soaking both her light (now dark) grey pajama pants and James' sweatpants. At first she was only letting out a trickle, trying to fight it, but once she remembered how good it felt, she actively pushed the warm pee out of her bladder, desperately seeking relief. Her face was blushing deeply, but her smile betrayed her. James ran one of his hands through her hair and looked at the massive, dark stain on the blanket that they were under. He let his eyes wander to the now yellowed spot of carpet beneath the couch.

"It's okay, love. Everyone has accidents sometimes. Run along and get changed like a good girl."

"What are you gonna do if it was on purpose? And what if I keep wearing the same panties?" challenged Jen in a mock feisty tone.

"Oh, dear. I think that means you might need to be punished later." James winked at her.

Jen felt her soaked nether regions with her hand, then stood up from the couch, her pants still dripping, so wet that the loose-fitting fabric clung to her, highlighting her curves. James watched from the couch, his own pants somewhat damp from her accident. He smiled encouragingly at her, and she twirled around, showing off the stain and her figure.

We're going to have lots of fun soon, thought James.

*002*2020-10-01 01:19

Given the positive response so far, should I continue the story?

*004*2020-10-14 21:57

Didn't have much time for writing this week, but here:

Jen walked up the stairs, as James watched, leaving a trail of dripped yellow liquid behind her. James climbed off the couch and folded the sopping blanket, placing it in the laundry basket for later. Then he carefully navigated around the puddle to the kitchen, where he picked up some paper towels to clean it up (after all, it was kind of his fault she'd had an accident). After cleaning up downstairs, James followed Jen back up to their bedroom, carrying the laundry basket. Jen had removed her pajama pants and shirt, and was standing there in an emerald green bralette and a pair of formerly matching (though now quite a darker shade) of panties. Her half-naked body, facing away from James, was framed by the window. The grey light from outside cast long shadows across the floor.

"Hey," said James softly as he entered.

"I brought your laundry."

Evidently startled, Jen turned around quickly, then, relieved to see that it was James, went back to getting dressed. She pulled on an oversized grey hoodie, and reached for another pair of sweatpants.

"Oh, I don't think so," said James.

"If you're not going to change your panties, at least I get to see them."

"Fine, but next time, I'm intentionally peeing in your lap."

"Oh? You know I like that? I didn't even ask you to sit there."

Jen blushed a little, and smoothed out the front of her sweatshirt so it hung almost halfway to her knees. She was not a large person, and this was not a small sweatshirt.

"I'm thirsty again," said Jen.

"I'll get you some water, right after I go to the bathroom."

James exited the room and began descending the stairs. Jen pouted playfully.

"No fair! How come you get to use the bathroom?"

"I made it through the film and then some, love. Besides, you just had an accident, you shouldn't need to pee right now."

Jen followed James back down the stairs after tossing her damp clothes (aside from what she was wearing) in the laundry basket. She sat on the couch, waiting for James to come back, which he did, after making a point of running the water to wash his hands. He walked up behind the couch and started massaging Jen's head, sifting her hair through his fingers. Jen relaxed and tilted her head back, her eyes closed. It felt so nice to have his warm, strong hands run through her hair. She didn't have a care in the world, not even about the little pang her bladder sent.

I can hold it, she thought. It's just the caffeine being overactive.

Then, she rolled onto her stomach and motioned James back on to the couch. He crawled next to her and brushed her hair out of her eyes. Then he held up the pair of sweatpants he was wearing earlier (he had changed in the washroom).

"Can you put your hands out, Jen?"

Jen knew what that meant, and obediently, she raised her arms parallel to each other, and even though she knew, she still asked, rather innocently:

"What is this for?"

"Your punishment."

James took the sweatpants and tied a knot around Jen's wrists, so that her hands were effectively coupled together and quite useless. Then he said,

"There's another part," and lifted a bottle of water to her lips. She drank the entire 1600 mL bottle in under a minute.

"What happens if I have an accident this time?"

"Don't worry," said James,

"You'll find out."

He smiled warmly at her, and she smiled back, blushing.

*006*2020-11-02 22:38

@Lapis Lazuli

"You can't rush art!" But yeah, you're going to find out what happens next...it just takes a while to write!

###

They shifted positions so that Jen was sitting in James' lap as she had suggested. Her hands were bound together and rested gently in her lap. Her panties had dried a bit, and were closer to their original color. All the same, James quite enjoyed the dampness that he could feel.

He leaned his head next to Jen's ear and whispered,

"You're absolutely beautiful, you know that?"

Jen just smiled a little. She definitely did.

"So, what are we watching?" she asked.

"Me? I'm watching you!" James replied, only half-jokingly, then added

"I'm sure there are some good movies with lots of water in them."

Jen rolled her eyes, then candidly stated the following.

"I actually kinda need to pee already."

"You can hold it," James encouraged her.

"I'm not so sure. I have a small bladder."

"Just sensitive," corrected James.

"If you make it through the next show, I'll untie you and you can go to the bathroom. No leaving before then, though."

"Well, I guess my hands are tied..." she giggled.

"But no tickling or pressure this time."

"Yes, ma'am," James said jokingly.

"I think we should just watch one of those relaxing water videos," said Jen.

James, quite surprised by this suggestion, asked,

"Feeling confident, love?"

"No, but I do like a challenge!"

James found a twenty minute video of waterfalls running and started playing it.

Jen leaned back and felt the warmth of James' body contacting hers. James reached his hand up the inside of the sweater, and began gently moving the tips of his fingers up and down her spinal area. This kind of back scratch made her feel all tingly. She murmured an audible expression of pleasure. James could feel her leaning into him. He was so happy that she was this comfortable with him now. With the hand that James wasn't running up and down her back, he held one of hers. She had more olive skin than his, and smaller, more slender fingers. He could practically enclose one of her hands in his. He rubbed his thumb over the back of her hand. Jen rotated her head and kissed him lightly on the cheek. When she turned back away, he did the same thing to her.

"How many minutes has it been?"

"Only fifteen. Do you think you can hold it?"

"I have to pee. Bad."

"Be a good girl and wait until the video is over. You can wait five minutes."

Jen nodded and crossed her legs tighter.

James moved the hand he was giving her a back scratch with to her shoulder, then up to her neck, teasing the spot just below where it met her head. He shifted it up into her hair, playing with it. After about two minutes of them cuddling, and Jen shifting her weight around, she suddenly jumped up and sprinted to the bathroom. James stood up and turned around to face her. Jen got to the door when she realized that because her hands were tied, she couldn't remove her panties (at least not easily).

"Oh, dear." said James. "Come back here, please."

Jen was still dry, but clearly struggling to hold back a flood. Evidently, her kidneys had not actually processed all the liquid from before, and her previous accident was mostly the remnants of the morning pee she held. Rather sheepishly (and bouncily), Jen returned to the couch.

"I am going to wet myself."

"You've been naughty," said James. "I said you could go only if you made it through the video. You didn't."

Jen was excited. What was his new idea? Sometimes she would intentionally be 'naughty' just because the punishments felt so good.

"What's my punishment?"

"Lie your torso across my legs," said James.

Obediently, Jen did so. James hoisted the rest of her up, and positioned her lower torso above his knee. Jen knew this position. Spankings, she thought.

James lifted his hand, and gently but firmly brought it down upon Jen's buttocks. His right thigh was driven into her torso by the force, and the pressure it put on her bladder pushed it over the edge. Jen moaned and a trickle of warm, clear liquid began running over James' leg. She managed to stop it, though. It had only made about a dime sized spot. James brought his hand down again with similar results.

"All done," he said.

Jen was still desperate to relieve herself, and releasing a bit hadn't helped - it only made her feel like the loss of control was inevitable.

"May I pee now?" she asked, as the video was over.

"Not in the bathroom. You didn't make it." James pointed to her obviously moist panties.

"Oh, that's actually not..." Jen said, trying to play off her obvious leakage.

"My lap. Now."

Jen sat in his lap, using her tied hands to hold herself.

"I can't hold it much longer!"

James leaned his head in and whispered,

"I know you're still playing along. You haven't used the safeword. Will you do whatever I tell you to get some relief?"

"Yes."

"Wet yourself."

Consciously, Jen wanted to fight the urge, but her brain had already registered it as permission. Her body decided it would feel so good to just submit to nature. A full force torrent came pouring through her panties, and she sighed aloud and gripped the couch to hold upright. The warmth and wetness spread from her crotch down and around her legs, to James, soaking his pants too...and she kept going. What was initially a dime sized patch of wetness had grown to dye her entire panties and about half of James' pants a different color, and pooled over the side of the plastic-protected couch onto the floor. Jen definitely did not have a small bladder. In fact, she kept going until her legs practically glistened all over. She was blushing like mad, but it was obvious she was enjoying every second of it.

"Good girl," said James.

*008*2020-11-03 17:30

{{1 hour ago, Lapis Lazuli said:

I apologize for rushing you, though, my intent was to make sure that people are still reading your work. I was wondering if you gave up on it because you didnt like it, and i wanted to be kind of motivating? I hope i didn't rush you too much.

}}

Oh, my comment about being rushed was facetious! I definitely didn't give up on it, I just don't have a ton of time to write.

It's kind of a formulaic feel-good story (though only about 2 hours into the overall day so far [estimate on waking up, morning routine, making hot chocolate, watching two shows plus cuddling and cleanup]), and it was supposed to nicely-blend some other kinks and ideas with Omo (gentle/light male dominance & bondage, bathroom control, cuddling...y e s, just a cute couple enjoying their relationship), so I absolutely love at least the concept. I'm open to ideas (PM me to keep from cluttering the thread, though). Next post might contain a bit of backstory and go to about 'lunchtime'...^^

In the future I'd also like to do an Omutsu story with these two, or a story where they both wet, and write an unrelated gay (M+M) wetting story after I finish this one.

{{1 hour ago, Lapis Lazuli said:

That was so good!

}}

Thanks!

TL;DR - more coming, just be patient - intended to be a wholesome desperation and wetting story!

