XX

Author: AnonymousIsLegion

*000*2011-09-02 09:37

Author: This is a very long fiction, serialised. I don't think it's very good, but I'll see what you think of it. There may be author's notes throughout this.

XX

Kimiko forced her eyes open through a splitting headache. Her blurry vision began to clear, and she took in her surroundings: a small office, with a lozenge-shaped table with 2 computers and 2 chairs on each side. There was a coffee machine in one corner, and a clock on the wall, set to 4:20. Unfortunately, she hadn't seen Pulp Fiction and didn't get the reference.

Author: Pulp Fiction, of course, contains quite a lot of scenes relating to the bathroom.

On the other side of the table were 2 girls also coming to. She looked down at her clothes and saw that they were not her own: she hadn't been wearing a tight white T-shirt and a blue miniskirt before. At least her trainers were her own. The girls on the other side were dressed the same way, save that their miniskirts were purple and mauve rather than blue.

2 things unnerved her. One was the large, very handsome Russian, or eastern European, standing in another corner in an Army uniform with a Luger. The other was that the girl next to her, in a red miniskirt, was probably the person she hated most of all: Yaeko. Of all the people to be stuck in a strange room with a 2-metre Russian with, she was easily one of the worst. Still, there was no point in panicking, so she stayed calm.

"Hey! Pissypants!"

Kimiko turned round and sighed as Yaeko giggled.

"Well, it looks like we're in for a fun time..."

Kimiko turned away again.

"Well, at least that policeman who uses your services might come and save us..."

She pretended to ignore the slur.

"Where are we? WHERE THE F### ARE WE?" howled the girl in purple, having descended into hysterics.

"Up your mother's backside," sneered Yaeko.

"None of us know," said Kimiko. "Please, stay calm."

"What's "stay calm" going to do against HIM?" said the girl in mauve, pointing at the Russian.

"Silence, please," said the Russian in a calm but threatening tone.

"Are they going to rape us?" whispered the girl in mauve.

The Russian shot his Luger over their heads. All 4 girls ducked, and Purple and Mauve shrieked in terror.

"Silence, please," he repeated. "XX, come in."

The combination-locked door clicked several times, then opened to reveal not a bald-headed man but a centrefold-beautiful British brunette in her mid-20s, dressed in an immaculate black suit with a white collared shirt, knee-length skirt and no tights. She slipped off her black jacket, hung it up on the back wall, held her microphone up to her mouth and said, in a soft and vaguely entrancing voice:

"There is no need to panic, girls. Ivan is only here to make sure that you don't misbehave. You 4 have been selected for your exceptional beauty..."

All 4 girls were among the prettiest Japan can offer, and all 18-25.

"...for a social experiment."

Kimiko gulped. In movies, social experiments were never good things.

"All you have to do is do what we say, until your time runs out."

"What do you mean, time runs out?" asked Yaeko, incredulously.

"You'll see."

Author: That's all I have time for now-I have to go and help teach an evening karate class. More will come tomorrow.

*002*2011-09-02 12:06

{{: 

Sadly, I haven't seen Pulp Fiction either, and didn't get the reference. Can't really make much comment, but keep writing.

}}

In Pulp Fiction, all the clocks on the wall of the pawn shop are set to 4:20. It's not true that every clock in the film reads 4:20, though; the time is stated as "7:22 in the a.m" once (when Vince and Jules go to get the briefcase). 4:20 appears a lot since it is slang for smoking marijuana.

I'm writing this between classes, so now I have to go in and help the 3rd-1st kyus...

*003*2011-09-03 15:24

The tale shall now continue.

Only now did Kimiko realise she needed the bathroom. She decided to try to hide it - what were the chances that XX and Ivan would let her use the bathroom anyway? Unbeknownst to her, every other female in the room also needed the bathroom, even XX, who needed to defecate as well. XX's white silk lingerie hid a crotch that was very much in action, though no one could tell. Already she had become aroused from anticipation alone...

"Turn on your computers," said XX. The girls obeyed, and the computers started up in Linux Ubuntu.

Author: Windows is bulls###, except for games, and I don't play games so...

"You, in purple, make us all some coffee."

The girls in purple and mauve stood up, panting with fear.

"Not you!" said XX, sitting the girl in mauve down again. She rolled her eyes.

"May I use the bathroom?" asked the girl in purple, very timidly.

"No," said XX in her calm tone, "there are things to be done."

"I shan't have any coffee," said Ivan, cutting in. He had almost become invisible.

"The others of you," continued XX, "open up OpenOffice Calc".

Kimiko opened up the program. She had always been a computer nerd.

"What the f###'s OpenOffice?" asked Yaeko. "Open it for me."

Kimiko leaned across and started OpenOffice. As she looked over to the coffee machine, she saw the girl in purple rubbing her legs together in a distinctly desperate way. It wasn't just her, then. XX's privates clenched, and Ivan started to feel something down below as well. He quickly removed his officer's cap and put it over his groin with his spare hand.

Thoughts were beginning to creep into Kimiko's head about what these people were going to do to her. Like the girl in mauve, she was wondering if Ivan was going to rape her. Certainly the fate of 4 very beautiful girls in a "social experiment" was not auspicious. Despite attempts to comfort herself with thoughts of Hirokazu coming to rescue her, she was beginning to think that something bad was inevitable.

These thoughts were interrupted by the arrival of the girl in purple with black coffee. She put down a mug next to everyone, and gave one to XX. She winced in desperation as she sat down again, grabbing herself under her skirt.

"Please may I use the bathroom?" she asked, more desperately.

"You know the answer - no," replied XX, feeling her own desperation. She had always dreamed of doing this...

"I need the bathroom as well," whispered the girl in mauve.

"We all need the bathroom..." sighed Kimiko.

"I don't need the bathroom," said Yaeko in a cocky and confident voice. "I've got a bladder of iron."

Kimiko knew that wasn't true, but Yaeko didn't know she knew.

"Now," continued XX, "we have a lot of data to sort. On your desktops are the files of raw data. You have a quarter each. Sort the data into spreadsheets and graphs."

Kimiko opened the file. There was enough data for 6 hours' work each, and it was going to seem longer - a lot longer, with a rapidly filling bladder. There was no way in the entire Universe she could hold it for 6 hours.

"But first, drink the coffee. It'll help you stay awake - this work is very boring."

One thing Kimiko knew for sure was that drinking the coffee would not help her one tiny bit, but she did not want to get on the wrong side of Ivan, so she drank it down. It would normally have been nice, but to her it tasted of nothing but fear...

After she had finished her coffee, Kimiko started work. Before long, she received an elbow jab from Yaeko.

"Pissypants! Do mine as well. I don't know what the f** to do."

Reluctantly, she started doing Yaeko's work too. Every time Yaeko called her "pissypants", she remembered an odd time in her life; one she both did and didn't want to remember...

Author: There are a lot of flashbacks in this story. This is the first.

It was a warm summer's evening at the university, and the day's final lecture was nearly over. She was listening attentively to the professor, who was covering the finer points of ionic (chemical) equations, despite the fact that she needed the bathroom more than she ever had done before in her life. That wasn't saying much, though, since she had previously been very careful. She couldn't excuse herself and go, since she would miss the most important part of the lecture, so she sat with her hands stuffed into her denim skirt and tried her absolute best not to squirm.

Other than her immense desperation, she was also being distracted by Yaeko, who was giggling with her boyfriend, mainly about her. How Yaeko ever got into university is a miracle to behold - she copied the answers, of course, but that is extremely difficult to do. Kimiko couldn't help but hear what they were saying, and she wished she couldn't hear them, because everything they were saying about her was derogatory in the extreme - mostly about how a girl as sexy as her had failed to hold down a relationship with anyone, and that she was probably a lesbian. A huge surge of urine slammed on her sphincter, making her bend over and wince, but it held firm.

By the time the lecture had ended, Kimiko had made up her mind. She would throw off her mantle of nerdy shyness and get herself a serious boyfriend. First, though, there was a more pressing concern. Yaeko and her friends had drawn graffiti about her all over the female toilets, so they were closed until the cleaners had done a good job all round. Kimiko had been unable to use the bathroom all day, and that was taking its toll. She decided to head for her flat - she was hardly going to wet her knickers at the age of 19...was she?

Then, she saw a very handsome police officer, about 1.83 metres tall, who had just come off-duty - the night shift was beginning. If there is such a thing as love at first sight, which there probably isn't, it happened here. She decided to go for it, and, sidling along beside him, said:

"Ummm...hi."

"Hello. What do you need? The bathroom, by the looks of you..."

Kimiko knew for 2 reasons that it was not a good idea to say "yes". One, she would probably not see him again if she went. Two, she knew that men did NOT like girls using the bathroom, did they?

"No, I just wanted to say how handsome you were," replied Kimiko with a smile, rubbing her legs together as desperate girls do.

Author: Or at least, my wife does when she needs to go.

The policeman was slightly taken aback. This was an awkward, albeit extremely hot, girl - probably a nerd. Yaeko and her boyfriend had come up just behind, and were giggling at the situation.

"You're very good-looking, too." Kimiko felt a surge of excitement in her brain, and a surge of urine in her bladder, the latter making her bend over and squeal in pain.

"You look like you're about to wet yourself! Come on, I'll wait for you." Kimiko knew she couldn't go. Besides, 19-year-olds don't wet themselves, do they?

"I don't need the bathroom," replied Kimiko. "I just get pains in my crotch. Fancy a coffee?" Kimiko's pretty face stared up at Hirokazu's. Hirokazu laughed at her social ineptitude, but she was too cute to refuse.

"You do mean coffee, not the other thing, nudge nudge, say no more?"

"What?"

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to deflower your innocence. Come on."

Kimiko was unsure how that could be an innuendo, but she was sure that her bladder couldn't hold out much longer. Every 20 steps or so, she bent over and squealed. Hirokazu was also having problems down below, but of a different nature. Not only was his perverse fetish getting the better of him, he could also see straight down Kimiko's white T-shirt every time she bent over. He tried to cover his tumescing privates with his hand, and just hoped Kimiko wouldn't notice.

Author: This website does not recognise "tumescing" as a word, but I have seen it in a book at medical school.

Yaeko and her boyfriend were following them all the way.

"Feeling jealous, are we?" jetted Hirokazu to Yaeko. "Feeling sorry we left?"

Yaeko blushed a little. Kimiko was unsure of what her prospective boyfriend meant by that, and wasn't too interested in finding out.

"That's a nice place there," said Hirokazu, pointing to a small Italian house just down the street. "Fancy going there?"

Kimiko nodded. They entered the house, followed by Yaeko and her boyfriend. Kimiko felt sheer agony as she sat down, then, as the agony cleared, a small patch of damp in her previously spotless white knickers. She knew that she had to use the bathroom NOW, or suffer the consequences.

"Umm, Hirokazu, I need the bathroom."

"At last, you've come clean-or maybe not, after holding it that long! Go, quickly. We don't want a puddle."

Kimiko tried to ease herself up out of her chair, but another huge surge spurted more urine into her knickers. She decided to make a run - more like a fast waddle - for the bathrooms. This was a major mistake. A third crippling surge sent an inexorable jet of urine streaming down her legs, soaking her socks and trainers and turning her knickers to a sponge. Urine flowed down the back of her skirt and in a great cascade onto the floor. Her constant attempts to stop the jet - to get at least some to the bathroom - proved futile. After about 3 minutes of solid urination, with the entire house staring at her, the stream finally reduced to drips. She stood staring at utter disbelief at the puddle on the floor. Yaeko pressed a button on her smartphone and stopped recording.

"Now, all we have to do is send it to our friends!"

Author: What now follows are the "5 stages of grief in a girl who has just soaked her knickers", which I have observed in my wife.

Author: The wife has just shown me that it's after midnight and we need to get to bed now if we're going to, um, do man-woman things. I'm afraid I have to go. Sorry. At least I got the first wetting done.

*005*2011-09-04 09:25

Alright, I'm done with the sexy-time and am ready to add some more. Is nice! I hope you've seen Borat.

Kimiko stared down in utter disbelief at the huge puddle of urine around her. She can't seriously have wet herself! She was an adult, wasn't she? She ran her hand down the back of her soaked skirt and sniffed. Tears rushed into her eyes and she began sobbing like a baby, crouching down in a ball and trying to make herself disappear.

Author: I've seen this IRL.

Hirokazu was coming close to climax, and couldn't take his eyes off her. He was desperately trying not to be a sick jerk, but it was just too stimulating. To see 2 girls wet themselves in such a short time was unbelievably lucky. Just as he thought he was about to enact a Lonely Island song, he finally regained composure, took a few deep breaths and turned to Yaeko.

"Give me that."

"Give you what?"

"The smartphone."

"No chance. You're off-duty. Besides, isn't it right that everyone should know what's happened to your bitch?"

"Fancy me sharing my little film with your friends?"

Yaeko felt fear wash over her.

"OK, OK, I'll delete it."

Yaeko deleted the film.

"What film?" asked Yaeko's boyfriend.

"None of your business," snapped Yaeko.

Yaeko and her boyfriend stood up and left the house. Hirokazu hadn't noticed that she had already sent the video to her boyfriend, and that it was going up on Youtube.

Hirokazu walked over to Kimiko, trying his best to manage the massive bulge in his trousers.

"Come on. I'll take you back to your place."

"I'm so sorry..."

"You don't need to be."

"Forget this, OK?"

"Seriously, you don't need to be sorry. Come on, let's get you home."

Kimiko, still sobbing, stood up and put her arms around Hirokazu. Hirokazu pulled a "Caution - Wet Floor" sign over to the puddle and left, with Kimiko clinging to him.

Hirokazu's mind was besotted with Kimiko now, and he couldn't help but notice the massive size of the puddle on the floor, containing at least 1.5 litres of urine. Let alone a bladder of iron, Hirokazu thought, this one has a bladder of carbon-steel. She'll be fun, when we finally get serious. He unlocked the door of his car and put a plastic draw-sheet over the passenger seat. He didn't want it soaked by another girl who overestimated her bladder capacity.

"Where do you live?"

Kimiko told him her address, unaware that it could be extremely dangerous.

"You're a very innocent girl. You need someone to look after you."

"Like who?"

"Well...maybe someone like me."

Kimiko felt another rush of excitement. She stopped crying. Hirokazu pushed down on the accelerator and began to crawl along the streets at a snail's pace.

Author: I am sure you are all aware of the hideous traffic jams in Japan.

"Do you know Yaeko?" asked Kimiko. Her soaked underwear was beginning to itch.

"If your knickers are itching, take them off and give them to me. And yes, I do know her. Why do you ask?"

Kimiko cautiously removed her underwear and gave it to him. She clamped her legs together so he couldn't see anything. Hirokazu pulled over, wound down his window and wrung out Kimiko's knickers. They had absorbed large amounts of urine, and it came out in torrents. He closed up the window and put the yellowed underwear on the seat behind him, then kept on driving.

"She bullies me."

"Does she? I wouldn't be surprised. Sheer jealousy, I'd imagine. Seeing her worst enemy with me after what happened with her...must be infuriating."

"What happened with her?"

"That's for another time."

The car pulled up beside her apartment.

"Go in and get yourself changed. I'll go back to my place. Here's my number."

Kimiko took the card and got out of the car.

"When can I see you again?"

"Let's say same time tomorrow. Try not to wet yourself."

Kimiko smiled as the car pulled away, then walked inside, realising she didn't have any underwear and had to be very careful around ventilation shafts.

Kimiko snapped back into reality as another mug of coffee came down beside her. She had kept working at incredible speed on both hers and Yaeko's work. She drank the coffee, then kept working. Her desperation was easily manageable, which is more than could be said for the girls in purple and mauve, particularly the girl in purple who was squirming like a snake. She would wet her knickers within half an hour. Kimiko and Yaeko were limited to a little leg-rubbing. XX, who was standing in the corner, had her eyes firmly on the girl in purple, and was waiting eagerly for her time to run out. Her own desperation was also easily manageable, not that she had to worry - she'd never soiled herself in her life, and she wasn't going to start today. She'd always enjoyed the stimulation of the urge, but used the bathroom to avoid soiling. Besides, no girl on Earth could hold it as long as she could. That made her remember...

Writer: Another flashback...

Ever since puberty, XX had been fascinated by omorashi. Well, omorashi where other girls soil themselves, not her. It was part of a desire to dominate beautiful girls, though she was straight. She found that it was far more thrilling to hold along with the girls in the videos, but never leaked a single drop. She had grown rich from stock trading, and had a natural aptitude for economics, but omorashi always enthralled her more.

On a business trip to Moscow she became acquainted with a particularly beautiful blonde Russian called Natalya, who used to wear a grey skirt suit and have her hair in a ponytail. What intrigued her more were the websites she went on. She also seemed to be interested in omorashi and wetting videos. Obviously hacking into other people's computers and checking their histories is illegal, but XX didn't care. She had always had a disregard for the rules. Natalya also had an extremely handsome boyfriend called Ivan, who was a soldier. XX liked the look of him, and decided to make the first step of her plan at the end of that day.

"Natalya, are you into...omorashi?"

"How do you know? Yes, I am."

"I just know. What about Ivan?"

"Yes, he likes to watch it as well."

"Fancy a...contest?"

"Yes, but you're very foolish. I've never wet myself in my life."

"Same."

"Well, prepare to see your record broken."

"When? Where?"

"How about here, now? I'll call Ivan."

Natalya dialled Ivan's number.

"Ivan?"

"Yes?"

Author: My dinner's ready. The wife has actually stopped playing WoW long enough to cook it for once...Goodbye all.

*007*2011-09-05 14:45

My medical studies are piling up...unfortunately, I'll have to take this slowly. Besides, I can't let my better half or our 6-year-old offspring see me on here, so I have to write while they're otherwise occupied. Long and short of it is, updates may now be sporadic and small.

EDIT: This post is a mess. That's what one gets for writing after 11 PM. I have an appointment in the marital bedroom now, so I must leave you hanging...

*009*2011-09-22 16:22

I wasn't talking about you specifically, just trolls in general.

There will be an update sometime this weekend.

