Road Trip (Super Mario)

Author: luigifantard

*000*2015-10-22 02:47

Sorry for this being rather short. But I liked it..

"M-Mario..?"

"Yeah?" The older brother replied,too focused on the road.

"I-I,uh..." Luigi couldn't force himself to say it. They'd been on a long road trip for some time,and earlier on they had gotten something to eat,along with a couple of sodas. Now it was late in the afternoon and Luigi really needed a restroom. He bit his lip trying not to moan in desperation.

"Huh?" Mario asked,rubbing the side of his head. He could tell that Luigi really needed to pee,but he just wanted to see what he'd reply.

"I-I...need to..." Luigi squirmed and moaned,both hands tightly pressing his crotch,his legs pressed together. The seatbelt pressing on his bladder didn't help. "I need to...uh.." This was so embarrassing,but he really had to go...

"Need to what?" Mario eyed the empty soda cup sitting in the cup holder. Both of their drinks were full,and Mario had bought an empty,extra large cup just in case.

Luigi only moaned,his legs shaking. He was blushing. This was so embarassing...He really needed to pee,but he was very shy,the thought of peeing in front of his brother made him cringe a little.

They had been driving untill they hit a pothole. The shock caused Luigi to jerk forward-letting a small spurt release. His eyes widened in terror and he started to squeeze more intently.

"M-Mario..!!"

"What? Don't be so shy,just tell me..."

"I-I....I need to...u-use the bathroom..." Luigi was bouncing a litle now,trying not to lose control. Short,small desperate moans escaped from time to time. "I-I need to pee...r-really badly..."

Mario could see that Luigi was desperate. He looked around the stretch of road they were driving on. Nothing but land and pavement. "Can you hold it for a little longer?"

"No! I gotta go really badly!!" Luigi felt like a little kid again,a helpless five year old who was at his limit. He squirmed,his legs crossed and tightly squeezed together.

"Hmm..." Mario looked around the car,then noticed the empty cup. Quickly picking it up,he handed the cup to Luigi,who was to the point of crying now. He probably was way past his limit,only out of a miracle had he not wet himself yet. "Here,use this."

"Thanks,bro..." Luigi was squirming more intensively as he shakily tried to unbutton and unzip the front of his jeans. "Mmmhh...uuuhh..." More desperate moans escaped as he held the cup's opening over his manhood,making sure that not even a blink of his member was showing,and finally relaxed and let himself lose control.

"Ahh..." Luigi sighed loudly in relief as the warm liquid poured into the cup. This felt so good,finally getting to release after what felt like hours of holding it... He was a bit worried the cup would overflow but he didn't think about it much as he continued peeing. It was a bit embarassing,considering he was right beside his older brother. "Mmm..." He moaned in relief again,it just felt so good...

The cup was nearly full when Luigi finally finished. He blushed a little,knowing that he'd been retaining that much water for who knows how long. As he poured the cup's contents out of the car window,he couldn't help but feel a little weird,knowing that he just peed in a cup right in front of his brother. But hey,better that than peeing all over the seat.

No sooner than when he pulled the cup back into the car Mario instantly snatched the cup out of his hand. Suprised,Luigi watched as Mario unbuttoned his jeans and held the cup over his own manhood-and seconds later a violent torrent of urine flowed out of him and into the cup. "Aahhh....Mama Mia..." Luigi figured that Mario must have been holding it longer than he was,and was possibly beyond his limit. Anyway,finally getting to release felt really good for Mario,he almost looked like he came. The cup was close to overflowing,so Mario jammed his thumb onto the tip of his manhood,poured the liquid out of the window,held the cup back over himself and continued peeing. "Ohh~...Feels soo good..."Okay,he was retaining a lot more water than Luigi was.

He'd been peeing for 5 minutes straight. When he finally finished,he threw the cup's contents out of the window,and watched as the urine splashed onto the pavement. "Ahh...Feels good to finally release,doesn't it..?"

Luigi nodded.

"Okay...Wanna drive when get to the next rest stop? I could use a nap..." he sighed.

"I guess I could," Luigi smiled.

"Good." Without another word the two continued on their long road trip.

