Sims in real life

Author: saturdays

*000*2015-05-11 22:57

First time writing not sure how well it will go o please comment if you want more parts please let me know and if you have any ideas please let me know

Part 1

Katie was very excited her friend Ashley was coming over for a house warming party with a differnece . you see Katie and Ashley both love playing the sims game on this consoles and decided they would play it in really life.

Ashley arrived at 9am and Katie invites her in and they start the day setting out the rules.

1. You earn points doing challenges and dares and tasks. 2. You can only spend your points on rooms and items in the room. 3. You can't enter a room that isn't brought or you have to be the other persons slave for one month which Katie was planning on making Ashley as she secretly fancied Ashley for manymonth now.

Over the first few hours both ggirls amounted enough points for all the items for the living room eg TV sofa table etc and Ashley thinking it was a good idea spent all her points on the kitchen and items in there such as fridge, sink, table, chairs, cubourds ext so they had a proper kitchen and living room with all the usual items.

The girls continued playing games and watching TV all day until about 6pm when they realise they need toearn !more ppoints and they need to buy more rooms but Katie has a mean idea she has been saving some of her points so she can earn them quivker... Katie suggests that she can do as many dares as Ashley wwants so to earn the points quicker than for them to do them individually. Over the next hour Ashley's starts to fidgit a lot and keeps crossing her legs back and forth. Katie notices and plays dumb to the situatoon.

At 7pm Katie has enuf points to buy another room and some items. Katie's tells Ashley that she has enuf points and is going to buy the bedroom and all the items in there. Ashley abitnshocked by this and asks "I thought you would have brought the bathroom as we could sleep down here but we would pee before bed though?" To which Katie replys " we don't have to pee before bed we can just go in the morning when we rpearn more points" Ashley looks towards the TV and keeps fidgiting trying to distract herself from her really full bladder...

End of part one

Thoughts? Comments?

If its well received I will write more

Love

Amy

*004*2015-05-15 21:29

Part 2

Katie was keeping a close eye on Ashley and saw all the signs she was needing to pee so she decided to put on a documentary about rivers just to see how far she could push her before Ashley admits to her need. 15mins into the show ashley turns to Katie "hey do you mind turning this off I'm kinda bored of it" Katie replied with "but its really interesting with all the splashing and flowing rivers!!" Ashley crossed her legs left and right really quickly and decided to admit her need before she peed her pants." Look Katie I umm kinda umm..." Katie interupts her with "woooo look at that water fall!" Ashley grabs the remote and turns off the TV "sorry Katie I ummm really need a wee and we umm don't have a bathroom yet... Don't suppose we could cheat and get the bathroom early?"

"NO that's cheating if its that desoeratre u can just earn more points with a game of dares!" Katie grinned while saying this...

Katie starts with "dare no. 1 I dare you to change into your PJs" (PJs are a short night shift that doesn't cover her ass fully and shows off her purple panties very well) Ashley replies with "oh umm OK then" Ashley goes upstairs with Katie following and watches as Ashley stripes to her undies and puts on the night shift but as she bends over to pick up her jeans she feels her bladder spasm and she has to grab her pussy... "Oohhh Katie I'm desperate here how many dares do I have to do to unlock the bathroom?" Katie replies with umm 15 us a fair number...

End of part 2

Any thoughts on what dares?? I have a good idea of the final dare but want other input

Love amy

*005*2015-05-17 22:20

Part 3

Ashley and Katie go down stairs and sot on the sofa... "So what's my next dare??" Ashley asks. Katie looks at her paying close attention to how she was sitting with her legs crossed and not being able to sit still. Right darebtonis to sitnwithbue legs open for 5whole mins" Katie replies while she is setting a timer. Ashley slowly uncrosses her legs and opens them "do I really have to do this one I don't think I can hold it..." After a couple of mins she grabs between her legs "oh god how much longer I am almost going uere " Katie replies with 2more mins " Ashley sits on her heel and manages to just last until then timer runs out. As the alerm rings Ashley crosses her legs and grabs between them with all her strength... "Oh that was soooo horrible"

3dares later Ashley is desperate and can't sit still just fidgeting and crossing and uncrossing her legs. Right next dare is to go in the kitchen and run the tao for 5,mins Ashley walks slowly to the kitchen and turns on the taps and stands there staring at the water pouring out and she keeps crossing her legs and holding herself at the end of the 5mins Ashley slowly walks back into the living room she has one hand in her panties "oh god Katie I don't think I can hold it" seeing Ashkey this desperate makes Katie realise she has been ignoring her own pressing needs and startsnto fidget as well and crosses her legs...

End of part 3

Sorry they are so short burbi only really write these things when I have free time and feel a bit horny but can't really contentrate for everylong when writing these sstory's...

Thoughts and comments welcome

Love amy

