Daniel and Amy - Page 5

*100*2016-04-05 02:17

{{

I'm not sure how I missed this whole story over the last couple months, but I am loving it. I'm definitely going to be back to find more updates. The devil is in the details, and lord knows you've put in the work to make it happen. This is a big project, thanks for sharing it with us!

Keep on truckin,

Leaky

I'm not sure how I missed this whole story over the last couple months, but I am loving it. I'm definitely going to be back to find more updates. The devil is in the details, and lord knows you've put in the work to make it happen. This is a big project, thanks for sharing it with us!

Keep on truckin,

Leaky

}}

Thank you!

It wasn't meant to big a big project, but it just keeps growing. Every time I think I'll go a certain way, it ends up going in a different direction and opening up a new door. It's kind of writing itself in a way.

Regardless, I'm really enjoying writing it, and I guess my ego is a bit pleased that at least a few people seem to be enjoying it as well.

Thanks for telling me you like it!

Barry

&&

*102*2016-04-05 08:18

Chapter 38:

Amy's green eyes twinkled. Dan noticed that she looked a bit flushed. He could sort of guess why. He himself harboured a lot of questions, and a lot of nervousness as well, and he figured that she was going through the same crazy set of emotions that he was. All at the same time he felt very curious about his new friend, (Who, in his humble opinion, was the hottest and sweetest girl he'd ever spoken to in his entire life, short though it still was.) and wanted to know everything about her. But, like her, he didn't want to push her into being uncomfortable about anything. 

He had questions to ask, but was scared to ask the wrong things. He needed to know practical things about wearing protection and safely using it. He also felt that he not just wanted, but actually NEEDED to know all about what she had gone through growing up with her issues. Her problems had shaped her into the young lady that she'd become, so he felt that he had to hear about it in order to understand her better. As much as the boy had learned already, Amy was still a bit of an enigma to him. Every time he thought he had found out what made her tick, she surprised him with something new and unexpected. She was like a jigsaw puzzle he was determined to find all the pieces for.

"Before I start baring my soul for you Catholic boy, we need more water. I feel just as tiddly now as I did earlier, and I don't want to be all giggly when my mum gets home. Plus, you need to keep drinking! I want you to pee your pull up later, and you need a full bladder to really test it out properly. Mines pretty wet already...."

She stood up and took their glasses. As she manoeuvred past him, trying not to fall over the mattress again, she noticed him sneaking a glance at her socks once more. She was becoming more convinced that Dan, like herself, had a bit of a thing for girls socks. She knew that wearing cute socks or the ribbed stockings she wore to school as part of her winter uniform always made her feel kind of sexy but innocent somehow, particularly if she wasn't wearing shoes and could see her feet. She didn't think it was super weird, as she knew it was a thing for some grown ups. Sexy stockings were attractive. She wondered if Dan was one of these people as well, or if he was even aware of it. While she refilled their glasses, a sneaky idea sprang to mind. She would test it.

Returning to the longe room, she carefully set the glasses down. She took her seat back at the end of the couch, but this time swung her legs up onto the middle cushion while she sat against the arm rest, now facing Dan with her feet between them. She started absentmindedly playing with her sock as she got comfortable. Yep. His eyes were drawn to her foot, there was no doubt about it.

She used her hand to pull one foot up to the top of her other leg. She grabbed her foot, and pretended to examine the bottom of it.

"Aw geez Dan, I might have to quickly change first I think. My socks are filthy! I shouldn't have taken my shoes off at the park earlier."

She repeated the process with the other foot. "Yeah, I might change into my nightie, and I'll put these into the washing machine."

Suddenly, Amy stretched her legs out, putting her feet onto Dans lap.

"Do you like my knee socks Dan? I love knee socks! There's something kinda cute about them, don't you think?"

She looked at Dan with a raised eyebrow, waiting for him to reply. For a moment, he just sat there rigid, with his hands just in the air in front of him. Amy's feet were on his lap, and he could feel the weight of them pushing on his boyhood through his diaper. He was trying his best to control a swiftly forming erection, and failing miserably. Amy couldn't feel it with her foot on his diaper, but she could tell he was flustered all the same.

"I paid good money for these socks, but I'm only going to wreck them if I keep walking around outside in them. I don't want to do that. Feel how soft they are!"

Hesitantly Dan put his hands on her leg, just above her ankle. He obviously didn't know exactly where he should put them. He gingerly ran his hand up and down them briefly, only allowing his hands to travel a few inches. He lightly pinched her sock between his thumb and forefinger, remarking in a slightly strangled tone "Yeah. They do look really nice. They're pretty thick as well, aren't they?"

Amy swung her legs down suddenly. "I'm sorry Daniel. I probably shouldn't be just putting my feet all over you. It's probably pretty disgusting of me actually. I'm sorry. Let me go and get changed into my nightie, I'll take these yucky socks off too. Back in a minute!"

Before he could react, Amy had negotiated her way over the air beds, and had left the room.

Dan was completely flummoxed by what had just happened. All day he had found his attention drawn to Amy's stockinged feet, but didn't really understand why. For some strange reason, he had found himself wondering what her legs and feet would feel like in them. He hadn't ever heard of anyone liking girls feet before, and was feeling a bit weird about it. He had taken the opinion that it was okay to have a look at them, but he would never in a million years ever dreamed of actually touching or feeling them. But Amy had just plonked her cute little feet right on top of him, and insisted he feel them. Now his heart was racing, his willie had gone stiff again, and most coherent thought had temporarily left him. He was worried he must be pretty strange to be attracted to a girls foot like that. He also realised that his pretty little friend was now getting changed, and taking her sexy socks off. He didn't want to admit it, but he was slightly disappointed.

Amy entered her room, her own heart racing. She had just taken what she considered to be a big risk and gotten away with it. She had caught Dan a few times paying particular attention to her socks, but thought she may have read the situation wrong. After gambling on her first instincts, and forcing him to look closely and even touch them, she was relieved that he hadn't jumped up in disgust. She herself liked feet and socks, but understood that not everyone did. But his reaction had proved to her that they were on the same wavelength.

She quickly removed her t-shirt, bra and skirt, leaving only her pull up and socks on. She examined herself in the mirror, almost pleased by what she saw. Her breasts were quite big for a girl her age, and she definitely felt more comfortable with her bra off. Her stomach may be troublesome, but it was flat at least. The scars on her tummy still visible, but very faded by now. Her hips were a touch on the wide side she thought, but overall she had a good figure. Even though she didn't actively play any strenuous sport or do heavy exercise because of her incontinence issues, her diet was very healthy as a result of her tummy issues. She generally ate a lot of salads and vegetables, healthy stuff that didn't put excess weight on.

She grabbed her hair brush, and quickly brushed her hair. She still had her socks on, and she liked what she saw. There definitely was something cute about socks worn with a diaper.

Speaking of her diaper, she noticed how saggy it looked now. It must be wetter than she thought. Sometimes she peed a bit without even realising it, and getting a little bit drunk probably had helped that happen. She gave her diaper a squeeze with her hand. It felt swollen, but not yet at capacity. She didn't like wasting them as they were expensive for her mum to buy, but she also didn't like staying wet for to long just for the sake of it. She'd had diaper rash before, and it was very uncomfortable when it happened.

Deciding on a course of action, she spread her socked feet apart as she looked into the mirror. Without making a conscious effort to, she put her thumb in her mouth and closed her lips around it. She started sucking her thumb without even being fully aware of what she was doing, then relaxed her bladder muscles. She started to pee instantly. It surprised her a bit. She'd peed accidentally a few times while laughing over the last hour or so, and didn't think there'd be much left, but she released quite a firm stream into her nappy. As she sucked her thumb and watched, a small dribble escaped her saggy pull up. It ran down the inside of her left leg, where it ran into the top of her striped sock right above her knee, quickly being absorbed by the thick cotton. Two or three errant drops leaked out just as she was finishing, dripping onto the carpet. She dragged her right foot over the tiny drops, soaking it into the sole of her sock.

When she stopped dripping, she waddled over to her closet, where she found the nightie she wanted, a light blue cotton one with a picture of Mickey Mouse on it. She slipped it on, and it covered her to just past mid thigh while she stood up. It had a high round neck, so her boobs couldn't be seen, but she knew her diaper could be visible if she sat down the wrong way, but she just plainly didn't care if the boy in her lounge room saw it or not. In fact, she wanted him to see it, and she wanted to see his as well. Maybe later.

She peeled her socks off, scrunching them up and just leaving them in a pile with her skirt, bra and t-shirt. She gave some consideration to her protection. Pull up or nappy? Another pull up she decided. She'd keep the real nappy for bedtime. Grabbing something from her closet, she waddled to her bathroom, trying not to squeeze her sodden pull up to much. She couldn't help squeezing her legs slightly as she walked, and felt another trickle leaking down her leg. She waddled even faster then.

Inside the bathroom, she pulled her nightie off and hung it from the towel rail. After wetting the wash cloth that she had used before, she cleaned herself up again, and applied more nappy rash cream. She bagged and disposed of her soaked nappy, and stepped into the fresh one. After washing her hands, she went back to the lounge room. Less than 7 minutes had elapsed since she had left.

Amy found Dan still sitting where she had left him, but looking more in control of himself now.

Thinking to herself "I bet I can fix that," she sat beside him again. Trying to be inconspicuous, he took a casual glance at Amy's feet, and couldn't help notice she had no socks on now. Her feet were small, and her toenails were short, and painted bright red. His face didn't reveal what thoughts could be crossing his mind.

Amy declared "That's much better! I'm a lot more comfortable now. I changed my nappy and took those grotty socks off! I feel much fresher now!"

She noticed an ever so slight look of mild disappointment cross Dans eyes.

Without saying another word, Amy pulled something from behind her back, and proceeded to unroll a clean pair of socks. She slowly slipped them on one at a time and pulled them up. These ones were knee high again, but an off white colour with big alternating polka dots in black and red.

"That feels better!" She declared, and once again sat back facing him. Her nightie was a bit shorter than her skirt, and she knew Dan could just see her pull up a little bit when she moved.

"Now my feet are clean, can I put them back on your lap Dan?" She asked innocently.

Without waiting for a response, she lifted her legs up and placed her feet on his lap again, and this time he didn't wait to be asked. He just rested his hands down, one hand above her ankle, the other on top of her foot.

"Yeah. That's much better. Well, I guess it's my turn to tell you stuff now!"

*103*2016-04-05 14:48

Chapter 39:

"How's your water going Dan? Ready to pee yet? I had to change just then. I wet myself again."

She neglected to say she'd done it on purpose though. She thought if she treated it as an accident, it may persuade him to let his guard down a bit, and perhaps have a real accident of his own. Dan seemed pretty set on the idea of wetting in private, but Amy sort of wanted to see it happen.

"Not to bad" he replied. I'm starting to feel it build up. All that coke I drank today will be still working its way through me, and I've got no idea what the wine will do. Don't worry, I'll keep drinking the water. I'm still feeling a bit silly as well, and I want to be alright when your mum gets home!"

Amy nodded, then wriggled her feet in his lap a little bit. "Make sure you do. I want you to really try that pull up out. You're going to be surprised. But I still think you ought to let me watch. It's only fair you know...."

"No Ames. I'll stand in the shower just to be safe. But don't worry, I'll tell you about it."

"Make sure you do, Catholic boy!"

She composed herself. "Okay then, I better stop stalling. I'll tell you my story, then you can ask me questions if you want too, okay?"

She took a breath, then continued,

"Well then. I don't want to disappoint you, but my stories aren't as exciting as yours."

She noticed a quizzical look on his face, but before he could ask, she continued.

"What I mean, is while you've had a lot of problems as well, they've been bad for you because they were sorta rare. Even if you have grown up wetting yourself more than most kids do, every time you did, it still had kinda a shock factor involved. For me, it's just been another wetting. Nothing to see here, if you get what I mean. After my accident, it just eventually turned into a regular thing. After you've peed your pants many times a day everyday for years, it just becomes normal, I guess. For the last 8 years I haven't known any difference."

"But I'll start at the beginning like you did. I was a bit different to you I think. Mum said I toilet trained early. I was out of daytime diapers by two and a half, and night time ones by three and a half. I never had a problem with it. Mum said I hated wearing nappies, and mostly trained myself."

"I vaguely remember the first time I wet myself before my accident. That would've made me five or only just six. I don't remember much, just that I was at home, playing outside with Alison, and the next thing Ali was running to mum screaming "Amy's wet her pants!" I honestly don't even recall what happened, but I remember I was wearing jeans, and they were really wet, like soaked. I must've been holding it in for a while I guess."

"My first real clear memory about wetting myself was still before my accident. We had a big family day planned at the beach back home in New Zealand." She paused. " I guess I'll have to stop saying "Back home" now won't I? I guess this is home now."

Dan could tell by the way Amy said it, that she was still homesick for "The Land Of The Long White Cloud,"as he'd learned it was referred to in school. He didn't bother interrupting her, but it was another factoid he'd learned.

Amy continued, "We had a big day at the beach planned, with all the extended family, which included lots of kids, all cousins. We were gonna cook a Hungi, and spend the day swimming and fishing with the long lines. But the weather isn't as hot as it is in Perth, so it's not always swimming weather. We went to a beach that took about an hour to get there. I remember that Ali and I were both wearing our one piece bathing suits under t-shirts and matching denim shorts. The matching outfits were a cute present from our nan I think. Well, on the way there, we drank cordial in the car. Before we got there, I needed to pee, and so did Ali. I would've been six, so Ali would've been 14, same as us now."

"Mum told us to hold on, and we could pee in the ocean when we got there. Ali and I were happy with that. We always peed in the water at the beach. We were the last to arrive, and there were all of our cousins running around madly. Ali would've been the oldest by a couple of years. The rest of us kids were all under 11 I guess."

"When we got out of the car, the first thing I noticed was my cousin Josh. He was about 10, and wearing orange shorts with a big wet patch on them. I could tell right away that he'd wet himself. There was another cousin as well, a girl named Beth, who was my age or maybe a year older, and she had grey sweat pants on with a wet bum showing. It was a typical New Zealand summer day. Windy, cool, and overcast. It just wasn't a great day for swimming in the ocean. I knew Ali wanted to pee as well, but I was busting. But the adults all started talking, so I didn't say anything. I learned by listening that Beth had wet her pants in the car, and Josh had been like us, holding on waiting for a swim, but it was cold so he didn't want to go in, and had finished up wetting himself instead. But the thing that intrigued me, was that nobody, Josh and Beth included seemed to care. They just kept running around with the other kids, and nobody batted an eye at them!"

After a while, I knew I couldn't hold on any more, but it was too cold to swim, and there were no toilets there. There were some bushes, but they were a bit away from where we were. Ali and I asked mum what we should do, and she told us to take our shorts off, and walk up and pee behind the bushes. Ali had a green one piece on, and I had a pink one. Mum asked Ali to take me, so off we went. When we got there, Ali tried to get me to pull my bathing suit across to one side, but I struggled to do it properly. It slipped out of my fingers as I started to go, and I finished up standing there and just peeing through my cossie. Ali did it alright, but we had no toilet paper. So when she let the crotch of her bathers go, she got a wet patch as well. My cossie was soaked between the legs."

We went back to the party, but the grown ups just laughed. We were told not to worry about it, we were only wearing bathers and they'd dry quickly. Josh ended up taking his shorts off and running around in his undies all day, and Beth did too. I ended up playing with them later, and all 3 of us wet ourselves again a few times during the afternoon. We were already wet, no one cared, so we just sat on the grass and peed in our pants whenever we needed to go. I didn't see Ali go again, but she did brave the water once so she would've peed then. There was another boy who wet himself as well, and ended up in just his underwear."

"Ive never ever seen as many kids running around in wet pants as I saw that day. But the grown ups didn't seem to mind. There wasn't anywhere to go, and it was too cold to swim, so we just went in our pants. After that, it wasn't really mentioned again."

"But that was my only real wetting experience before my accident happened. I guess I only remember it because it was such an unusual day back then. Since my accident, it became normal."

After I became incontinent, the novelty soon wore off. It was great fun being allowed to just run around peeing myself all day that one time, but when I couldn't help it, I hated it. I think it was one thing that got me started liking doing a pre-emptive strike. It's nice to feel in control of what I'm doing.

Dan interrupted "Tell me more about being allowed to wet your diapers after school Amy."

"Yeah Danny boy, I think that's where the pre-emptive thing started from. As I told you, I was just so frustrated trying to stay dry and failing. It didn't matter what I did, I kept wetting myself every day. It didn't matter how many times I went to the toilet, I just kept having accidents. By the time I'd get home from school, I'd feel sick, have a headache, my pull up would be soaked, I'd be worn out, and just plain miserable. If I happened to wet myself again at home, I'd be totally fucked up, basically. I couldn't concentrate, I had no appetite, and I just wanted to go to bed. In bed, I'd have a big thick cloth nappy on, and it didn't matter if I wet in it. I couldn't take it off if even if I wanted to, so it was acceptable, even expected that I'd wet it."

"After a long day at school, where I'd just keep wetting myself all day in front of the other girls and just feeling like shit because of it, I just wanted to go to bed where it didn't matter if I did my wee in my cloth nappy. My bedtime nappy became my sorta safe place, ya know?"

So when mummy said I could wear my night nappy after school, it was like the greatest gift ever. I could come home and just relax!"

Dan noticed how the word "mummy" had slipped into her vocabulary again, but didn't mention it .

I'd come home from school, my mummy would put the big nappy on me, and I'd just be so much more calmer and relaxed. I'd have a shower before bed, the put another dry one on before going to sleep. It made things better again.

"After awhile, I'd go out with mum in a pull up. If she thought I might end up stuck somewhere, she'd tell me to just try and pee first. That way, if I needed to be changed, we could do it when we wanted to, and like, pick when it happened, you know? It gave me back some small piece of control. Yes, I'd still be wetting myself, but at least I could choose how and when it happened. And if I leaked, there was no big public spectacle about it."

"So that's how my pre-emptive strike plan started. As you found out when you did it earlier, it's an easy tactic to use to deal with our condition. It's one reason why I want you to test your pull up out later as well. You'll know what to expect then."

While Amy had been talking, she was aware that Daniel had been gently rubbing her ankle and foot. She didn't think he was even aware of what he was doing, but as he listened to her, her kept gently stroking her legs and feet, tracing the outlines of the polka dots on her socks and stuff. She liked it. It felt good somehow, kind of soothing actually.

"Anyway, back to embarrassing story time I guess. Another thing I like is stuff like tights, leggings and yoga pants. Obviously I can't wear them outside the house, because of my choice of underwear, but I've always liked them anyway. Now after my accident, after I started walking again, I wanted a bright pink pair of leggings. Now back then, when I was 7, we were only just starting to learn about how my lactose intolerance worked. We knew I sometimes got an upset tummy, but were still learning what stuff caused it to act up. Now I love ice cream. I always have. It's my biggest weakness really."

"So when I was 7, I got a pair of bright pink leggings. Of course being leggings, they were like super tight. Even though I only wore Goodnights during the day, they still showed them off perfectly. So I only ever wore them around the house so nobody would see my little pull ups. I was just getting to the stage where we were learning about how ice cream could affect me. I wasn't allowed to eat it very often. Anyway, one day nan came to visit. I wanted to show her my new leggings, but I didn't want to have my nappy showing. Mum had told me I could swim in our pool, so I could take my pull up off, then wear them into the pool."

The next thing, the ice cream truck came down our street. I hadn't had an ice cream in like forever, and even though we knew it would probably upset my tummy later, nan asked mum if she could buy me one. Mum reluctantly agreed, even if it meant I'd have problems later. I was so excited! I ran out with the money, and waited to buy a small cone. I sorta knew I wanted to pee, but figured I'd pee in the pool later. I lined up, and met some other kids who I knew from up the road. 

We got our ice cream, and stood in our driveway while we ate. Of course it started to melt and drip everywhere, so I couldn't just go inside. Plus, I hadn't eaten ice cream in so long, I wanted to finish it. I could feel my pee building up, so really casually I thought I'd do a pre-emptive wee in my pull up, and the other kids wouldn't even know. So while we stood there talking, I just let go, and started peeing, supposedly in my pull up. But the problem was, I wasn't wearing one. I stood there and wet my pink leggings, and ended up standing in a puddle!"

"I just tried to pretend nothing had happened, and kept eating my ice cream as my leggings got soaked and a pee trail ran off my feet and down the drive."

"Those kids never spoke to me again after that. But I left my leggings on and went for a swim in them anyway."

"Apart from that Danny boy, my pants wettings have been a daily event for years. I've wet myself in just about everything there is, and in every situation you can think of. The embarrassment is still there, but you get used to it after awhile ya know?"

"So in a way, you should be pleased about your embarrassing accidents. At least you still get embarrassed. I'm just used to it by now."

Amy stopped to take a drink of water, when she had drained her glass, she looked him square in the eye and continued.

"Danny. I asked you if you'd ever messed yourself, and you told me. You gave me details and everything. I want you to know, I wasn't really interested so much as to know exactly what you'd done, more if you'd ever done it. I didn't need details, although they were good I admit, but I just wanted to know if you had any understanding whatsoever as to what it feels like to accidentally poo your pants. You have done it. I know not often, and you should be thankful for that. But you understand what it's like to have to tell somebody that you've pooed yourself. It's not nice. But I made you tell me, not because I was interested, but I wanted to know that you'd get where I was coming from."

"You were a great sport about it, and you probably don't know how much it means to me that you would just share something like that with me just because I asked, but it means a lot. It means you trust me I guess, and that's kinda a big deal for me."

"Now as you know, I've had lots of dirty pants. I absolutely fucking hate it. It's the worst thing of all that happens to me. I could almost accept my wee incontinence with a happy smile, if only I never pooped myself again. That's why I appreciate it that you told me your story. It made me feel somehow better that at least you might get how humiliating it can be."

"Dan, I've messed myself quite a few times since my accident. It doesn't happen a lot, but every time I think it's over it happens again. It's been very humiliating for me over the years, and I hate it, and don't like talking about it."

"But fair's fair. I asked you, and you told me. If you want to hear the yucky details, I'll tell you a couple of real horror stories about me messing my pants."

"It's kinda funny ya know. I really don't mind talking about wetting. It's almost funny sometimes. But I don't like talking about my messing as much though. But I'll tell you if you wanna know."

Amy paused, "So do you?"

It was Dans turn to offer sympathy now. He held onto her ankle with one hand so as to not fall on top of her as he leaned in close. Without speaking he gently kissed her cheek, then her lips.

"Amy, you are just so beautiful. You really are. I'm telling you that because I can see you don't feel beautiful right now talking about this. It makes you feel bad, but you shouldn't. You can't help it sometimes, but it doesn't make you any less beautiful."

He surprised not only her, but himself as well. Before his nerve ran out, he decided to finish.

"No Ames, I don't want to hear your messy stories, unless you ever want to tell me."

With that said, he used her foot to pull himself back upright.

*105*2016-04-05 23:44

Chapter 40:

Amy smiled with relief. "Thanks Dan. I needed to hear that. Be warned though, if you want to be my friend, you'll end up seeing me mess myself at some stage. Thankfully, because I've nearly always got a diaper of some sort on, it's not always like a visual thing, but it's sorta uncomfortable not just for me when it happens."

He squeezed her foot. "Don't worry Ames. I'm already your friend. If it happens, I won't judge you badly. You remember the same thing if you ever see me wet myself in public without a nappy on though!"

Her feet wriggled occasionally on his lap. The sight of her cute socks, combined with the pleasure he was getting from gently touching and rubbing them, with the sensation of weight pressing on his boyhood through his diaper, had meant Dan had been in a state of semi arousal during Amy's entire story. Thankfully, he was at last getting used to the sensory overload, and things inside his diaper were returning to normal. He didn't think Amy was able to feel his hardness with her foot, but even wearing a thick pull up, he worried it was going to be noticeable.

A companionable silence settled over them. They had MTV playing, although the sound had been turned down while they talked. Dan drained his second glass of water. Now, he was starting to feel his pee building up. He was a bit surprised. He'd peed in the shower at home, then did his little dribble in his nappy in the car, which emptied him again, but hadn't gone since. When he thought about it, he'd had a glass of coke with his dinner, a big glass of wine, and two glasses of water, all in the space of what, a couple of hours? He guessed he shouldn't be surprised. Combined with all the coke from the afternoon, he should be expecting to fill up quickly he realised.

But this was now leading to his next dilemma. Now he was starting to feel the need to go, that meant that peeing soon was going to become imminent shortly. Once he felt it, he normally tried to find a loo ASAP. He knew now what it meant. His apparently undersized kids bladder was quickly reaching its capacity, and as the fluids he kept taking in worked their way through, it was only going to get worse more quickly from here on in.

He had decided already that he was going to use his adult pull up. The small trickle he'd let go in it earlier wasn't proving anything. His kiddie pull up would have handled it just as well, it just would have felt wetter afterwards. This big one felt totally dry on his skin now, and that was amazing for him.

Dan wanted to test it out to its full capacity. He wanted to flood it. He was seriously going to contemplate wearing these to school, so regardless of how much Amy praised them up, he needed to give them a big test himself so he would know for sure if he could trust them or not. The problem was, he didn't intend to wet himself in front of Amy, or at least have her watch him use them. He would go to the bathroom, take his shorts off and stand in the shower. That was the best way. He would be able to relax then, having privacy and a safe place to stand if he did spring a leak.

But Amy was keen to see him do it. He wasn't sure if she actually intended to physically watch him wet, and they'd shaken hands already on making a deal on him using the shower, but he knew she'd stand outside the door and talk to him, and he wanted privacy. If he got up to go, Amy would know where he was going and tag along. He didn't want to tell her to stay away though. He'd been witness to a few of her accidents already, and she was helping him. If she wanted to tag along and wait outside while he peed, he couldn't very well complain. He'd actually watched her wet herself in full view of him after all, and it wouldn't be fair to make a scene about it.

Bam. His bladder kicked it up a notch. This is how it started. No need, slight need, mild need, urgency, but all at once. Some times he skipped mild altogether, and went straight to urgent. From there, it would be find a toilet within 5 minutes or wet himself. He shifted in his seat.

Amy was looking at him from the corner of her eye. With her feet still on his lap, she could feel it every time he moved, and he'd started moving a lot over the last couple of minutes. She figured he was finally building up to a big wee.

"How's your drink going pal? Need a top up? Gotta build up your fluids remember?"

"Ames, I don't think I need to build up much more. I sorta need to go now, I'm just trying to wait a bit longer until it gets desperate. I don't want to have to force it. I want to be at the point of having an accident before I go. It'll be more realistic if I have to pee so much I can't stop. I don't want to do a pre-emptive wee, it's gotta be a big one if I'm gonna test it properly. I think I'll be ready to stand in your shower shortly though. It's building up very quickly now!"

"You don't have to stand in the shower Dan. If you're worried about leaks, we can go outside. You don't have to hide from me to use your nappy. I've used mine in front of you!"

"No Ames. It's the shower for me. I just kinda feel funny wetting in front of you. Maybe it'll happen one day, and if it does, I'll deal with it then. But until that happens, I'll try not to."

He took a sudden intake of breath, and let go of the foot he'd been stroking to put a hand between his legs, clamping them together.

"Ooofff. I felt a twitch then Ames. I better get up and go."

Just then, Dans phone, which had been sitting on the coffee table beeped at them. Dan realised he hadn't actually checked it for ages. Like most teenagers, it was usually glued to him. He picked it up and checked it.

"Shit. My phones nearly flat. Can you plug it in down there for me please?" He gestured to the power point on the wall near where Amy sat.

"Sure matey. Give me your charger."

Dan lifted his bag up. It had been sitting on the floor beside the couch. He pulled the zip back, and rummaged for a second before finding the cord with his fingers.

"Hang on......it's stuck, no wait, here it is. Tah Dah!"

He pulled it out with a big flourish, yanking it from his bag and thrusting it at Amy.

He looked on with a feeling of pure horror as his eyes tracked the flight of his light blue pacifier, as it freed itself from his phone cord, and flew in an even arc through the air, before landing gently in Amy's lap.

"Noooo" he thought in a kind of slow motion as he helplessly saw it land, and he felt his body stiffen in shock.

Amy, not quite processing it immediately, sat stunned as the dummy landed on her, feeling Dans body give a jerk of surprise underneath her outstretched feet.

She looked up at him, and saw he was staring back at her, all colour draining from his boyish features. At first, neither of them spoke, but just alternated their glances between each other and the foreign object on Amy's lap. Noticing how pale he looked, Amy was the first to break the uncomfortable silence.

"Danny, are you alright?"

"Oh my God Amy! I'm wetting myself ....."

*108*2016-04-06 06:28

{{

I can't believe I only just found this story a couple days ago. I've read through the entire thing now, and I'm really enjoying it. I'm not into feet/socks or messing but you've written it in a way that doesn't detract from the rest of the story if that's not what you're interested in. I really like the most recent update. An accidental wetting in front of Amy was exactly what I was hoping for from this sleepover.

I think the writing has improved since you started. You're getting a good sense for where to split the chapters (there were a handful of very short chapters near the beginning that felt a bit awkward) and your dialogue is feeling more natural. For future stories, I'd be cautious with the way you introduce your female characters. Amy started off as a bit too flawless. She was everything good ("somehow mischievous, sexy and innocent all at once") without any of the bad (and no, incontinence does not count as a flaw in a fetish story with an incontinent main character), and Dan was instantly in love with her. It's a trope that's easy to fall into, and it does not make for interesting and relatable characters. But she's definitely more interesting than her introduction made her seem. She's got a personality and insecurities and whatnot, and I think her calling Dan "Catholic boy" all the time is adorable.

I'm really enjoying this and really looking forward to finding out how Amy reacts to the pacifier. Can't wait for an update :)

}}

Thanks for your feedback, it's much appreciated!

I happen to agree with most of what you say.

When I started it, I had a lot of different ideas on how the chapters could go, and didn't want to commit to strongly to any particular course at first. As I've said before, I'm just having fun making it up on the spot a chapter at a time. Obviously I had a basic plan in mind for how the characters meet etc. but I sort of just let the story point me in the direction it wanted to go itself.

This did result in a few chapters early on that I now know could've been done a bit different. A case in point was the cancelled lunch at the restaurant. I was originally planning on the kids going for a walk on the beach or something where one of them would have an accident, and they would start getting to know each other after that. But after setting up the lunch date in a previous chapter, it all started to seem a bit cliche as I tried to put it together. At the start of my writing, Amy didn't have any messing issues, just bladder incontinence. But I suddenly needed an "out" from the lunch date with the folks, so the messing angle gave me that out. When I thought about it, I decided that by throwing that problem at her as well, would give me more scope to make her character more complex and interesting. Personally, I'm not real big on messing stories, but I think it helps define her personality a bit.

As for the feet and socks thing, that is a bit of a personal thing of mine. I love a pretty girl, (older than Amy obviously!) wearing socks and a diaper. I was trying to "flesh out" Dans character a bit more, and wanted him to almost fall in love with Amy immediately. But the whole story of suddenly learning that you're turned on by wetting and diapers has been done to death already, many times over. The same as finding that perfect physical specimen. Yes, most guys like tits and ass, but Dans got no experience. He hasn't even talked to many girls before now, so he's still got a lot to learn about what makes him tick. I thought that discovering her found Amy's feet or socks had an attraction for him might be the sort of innocent thing a young man might learn about himself as he discovers girls. He knows it doesn't make a lot of sense to him, but knows he likes it anyway for some reason.

I'm glad that as you aren't into messing or foot stuff could still enjoy the tale regardless. I didn't want to overdo either aspect.

As for the overwhelming perfection of Amy's description, it was meant to be interpreted through Dans perception of her. I wrote her in looking at her through his eyes, and what his impression was.

But I've re-read the chapters a few times, and agree it does come across as being to good to be true, so duly noted and grudgingly accepted with that point.

I'm trying to do something more than the average wetting story. It's supposed to have all the things we like reading about, but also be kind of innocent at the same time. Not quite a love story, but a story about first love and learning about it, if you get what I mean? As you probably saw earlier, I wrote a couple of chapters one night while drinking, and the "Dans Shower Scene" I got carried away with a bit. Upon reflection, I decided it was containing to much adult type content for a story about a young kid, so there went 2 hours work out the window!

Anyway, thanks again for taking the time to respond. It's appreciated.

Barry

{{

Dans first wetting infront of Amy that is Awsome

}}

Thanks again for your feedback Minervafan, and for sticking with the story from the start. Thanks as well for replying to my message beforehand too. You're opinion was appreciated

Glad you're still enjoying it.

Barry.

*109*2016-04-06 12:44

Chapter 41:

A few seconds passed in silence. Then, in a watery voice, Dan spoke again.

"Amy. I can't stop."

Amy just stared at her friend. There was nothing she could do but wait for him to finish.

After what seemed like an eternity, Dan sighed. His body language didn't change, he just kept sitting somewhat forward in his seat, with a hand held flat against his thighs, between his clamped together legs. The only change was he wasn't looking at her anymore, but was just staring at his lap.

When it became obvious that he had finished, Amy risked a question.

"Are you alright Danny? Please talk to me. Are you okay?"

"Amy, I've wet myself," was all he seemed able to say.

Trying to keep the mood lighthearted, she responded, "Well it's about bloody time mate! I've been waiting for that all day!" But even as she spoke, she could see how upset he was, and she knew it wasn't just because he'd wet in his nappy. The paci on her lap was the real issue here, and she knew it. She quickly decided not to mention it straight away. She would let him talk when he was ready, but she was intrigued.

In a weak voice, bordering on tears, Dan said "Ames, I think I just leaked..."

This was the segway she desperately needed. Anything to avoid mentioning the "Elephant In The Room", the blue "Elephant" that was sitting in her lap at the moment.

"Don't worry about it Danny. If you leaked, you leaked. Why do you think we have a couch with vinyl cushions and not cloth or leather ones? I leave little leaks behind all the time! Nothing that can't be wiped off!"

He still hadn't moved or even looked at her. He just kept his hand between his legs, and kept staring at his crotch. He looked to be in a state of shock. Amy's mind was racing flat out. She just didn't know what to say or do. Her friend had just wet himself, and it had upset him, but also what appeared to be his dummy was now sitting in her lap. Should she move it or ignore it? She couldn't just ignore it forever. But Dan looked like he would cry! In the end, she did nothing, just sat and waited for him to compose himself.

"Danny, it's okay. Don't stress out, alright? You wet your pull up, no big deal. We both knew you were gonna do it anyway, just because you didn't get into the shower isn't a big deal. Not to me at least."

She gave him what she hoped was an encouraging smile. "I told you before that I wanted to watch you, and now I got my wish. The couch can be wiped off, so I don't see a big deal here."

Dan raised his voice. "It's not that I'm wet Amy. It's just, you know, that!!" He pointed at his dummy, sitting there in plain sight.

"Oh Danny. Yes. I can see it. I'm not gonna ask you anything unless you want to talk. Yes, I'm confused, but I'm sure it can't be the end of the world. Calm down for a moment. First things first, are you sure you leaked? Stand up, and let me look at you."

Still unable to make eye contact with her, Dan sighed, then did as he was told. He stood up and turned around.

The backside of his light blue board shorts was wet. He had a half moon shaped wet patch on both buttocks, which ran together to form a big wet strip that ran up between his legs towards the front. There wasn't a puddle or anything on the couch, but there was a wet smear on the vinyl covered cushion. Dan turned to face her. When he did, the wet patch on the inside of his legs was very noticeable.

"Oh Dan. I'm sorry baby, but you have leaked. You've got a wet bum sweetie..."

The boy stood there, trying to keep his thighs apart, obviously feeling the wetness of his shorts.

"But Ames" he said with a sad note too his voice, "You said these pull ups don't leak. You said they could handle a big accident. Look at me! I'm saturated!"

"Ohh Dan. They work brilliantly while your standing up. Really they do. You must've checked them out. They've got what they call "standing leak guards." While you're walking or standing up, the leak guards hold everything in just fine. But when you're sitting down, they can sometimes just open up around the legs. I think it's the pressure of sitting down that makes it happen. Most times they're fine. You can pee sitting down without a problem, particularly if it's a controlled one. I always do a pre-emptive strike in them, and I can do it sitting down without a problem. Usually. But a pre-emptive strike isn't the same as a full on control loss like you just had! If you had of been standing up, the leak guards probably would've worked properly, but you were sitting down!"

"Amy, the bottom line is my pants are wet! You said it'd be okay, but I'm wet. That wasn't supposed to happen, sitting down or not!"

"Danny! Calm down! Don't get so worked up over nothing! The whole idea of you holding on until you had to pee was to test them! Guess what? You tested them and they leaked! End of story! It doesn't mean that they're no good, it just means you can't completely piss your pants with a full bladders worth while sitting down! This is why you're testing them sweetie! To see what they can and can't handle. You've just learned something that they can't. If you did the same pee again while standing, I bet they'd be fine. Stop getting so worked up over a leaky diaper. Seriously, it's nothing to get stressed about. Trust me."

Dan was taken aback by this outburst. Suddenly, he regained his sense of perspective. He realised that he wasn't that upset about his wet shorts, he was upset about the sudden appearance of his paci. He was just transferring his anger in the wrong direction.

Again he sighed. "Oh Ames. I'm sorry. You're right I know. It's the whole reason I wanted to test them. It's not the leak, it's,....this really"

He reached over and picked his paci up, looking at it morosely. "I guess you're wondering about this..." He waved the dummy in her general direction.

"Honestly Dan? I guess I am. I don't understand what's going on here, but obviously somethings upset you about....that thing. I don't get why you're so upset! I know you got your pants wet, but so what? It's not the first or last time it'll happen. The couch is okay, and nobody except us will ever know, and I don't even care. Now I know that for some reason you're carrying a pacifier around with you, and yes, I'd like to know why, if you'll tell me, but I really don't understand your reaction! It's like you think I care!"

After saying that, she realised that it could be taken the wrong way. She hastened to add, "That didn't come out right sweetie. What I meant, was not long ago you were worried about me seeing you wet your diaper. I wanted to, but you refused. All that it means, is it happened and I saw it anyway. It doesn't change anything. I don't think any less of you just because you wet yourself. We both have accidents. It's why we've clicked like we have."

"What I'm trying to say is I don't understand why you think I could possibly be upset or put off, not because you wet yourself , but because for some reason you're carrying a dummy around with you. If I'm ok with you wetting, why would I possibly care about a dummy? Yes, I'm interested to know about it, only if you'll tell me, but honestly, why on earth is it such a big deal?"

"You need to go change your pants Dan. If you want to talk about it, we can after you change. If not, we won't. Now you get changed, I'll wipe the couch down, and nothing's changed between us, alright?"

Having said that, she got up to fetch a cloth, and kissed him on the way past.

*111*2016-04-07 01:56

Chapter 42:

Amy left Dan standing there while she fetched a damp cloth. When she returned, he was still standing with his legs apart, looking at the front of his shorts which had now wicked the wetness up, forming a wet patch there as well. He had his hand on it, and was absentmindedly holding the wet spot. He now looked way younger than his 14 years, more like a little kid who had wet himself and was waiting for a grownup to help him change. Amy wiped the damp vinyl cushion down, then looked critically at Dans upper legs.

"Just stand still for a moment Dan, you're dripping a little bit."

Without waiting for a reply, she bent over and quickly but efficiently wiped the cloth along the bottom of the legs of Dans board shorts, they were long for shorts, and reached nearly to his knees. She was careful not to try and wipe too high up, as she didn't want him to think that she was going to touch him near his crotch.

"Turn around mate."

He did as she asked without complaining

His backside was very wet, and some drips were formed and waiting to fall. She repeated her gentle wiping, ensuring he wouldn't leave a trail of pee drips behind, then quickly blotted a couple that had landed on the carpet. She handed him the cloth, and told him to give the inside of his upper legs a quick wipe before he moved. Again, the boy complied without comment.

"OK Danny, you're safe to walk without dripping everywhere. Take this cloth, go into my bathroom and wipe yourself down properly, and there's bags and a bin under the sink for your nappy. Did you bring pyjamas? Put another diaper on and change into your PJs, you'll feel a lot better, alright?"

She kind of felt that the way she was addressing him was the way she'd address a little kid, not a big one, but he did look very lost and helpless standing there in his peed pants. She almost felt like offering to help him change, but knew that would be just super weird.

"Thanks Ames" was all he said, and he took the cloth and his bag and left the room. She called for him to wait, then ran to the kitchen and found a plastic bag to hand to him.

"For your wet clothes" she said, then gave him a quick kiss. "Stop looking so devastated Catholic boy, nothing's changed between us, I still really like you!" She was heartened to see a little smile of gratitude appear as he left.

Back in the lounge, she checked once more for any wet bits she might of missed, finding none. She wondered how many other girls her age would be alright cleaning up their friends pee. Probably not many, but pee had stopped being a big deal for her a long time ago. She decided to plug his phone in for him while she waited. It was sitting on the table, and the paci was sitting alongside it. He must've put it down while he wiped himself. When she plugged the phone in, the screen lit up, and it showed a couple of messages and Facebook updates to be checked. She'd tell him to check his phone when he returned.

Hearing the tap running in the bathroom, she new he'd be in there for at least a couple of minutes. She tentatively picked up his paci and examined it. It looked well worn. Wondering again about it, and what it could possibly mean, she glanced over her shoulder making sure she was alone, then placed it in her mouth. She gave a little suck on it, and was aware that her bladder twitched ever so slightly when she did. It felt like her thumb, only somehow better. Amy quickly put it back down again. She wasn't sure what to do next. Dan would be back soon, and it seemed an uncomfortable talk would occur. She would go and pour them some iced tea she decided, just so she would be busy when he returned.

Dan waddled into the bathroom, trying not to squeeze the swollen diaper with his legs. He removed his shorts and boxers, leaving him in just his shirt and nappy. Placing his bag on the bench, he started searching through it. He was mentally cursing himself the entire time. He could not believe just how fucking stupid he was. He had completely forgotten all about stashing his paci into his bag at home when he was about to walk in on his mother and uncle while sucking it. In hindsight, that would have been a better option than this. He would rather explain his dummy to his family than this girl. Then, to top it off, he'd wet himself. Not only that, he got his pants wet in front of her, not just his nappy.

In a way, wetting his nappy really wasn't a big deal. They both did it, and of course it wasn't a secret, that's for sure. He hadn't really wanted to lose control in front of her, but he sorta accepted it would've happened eventually. If they stayed friends, and he prayed to God they did, it would've been only a matter of time until it happened anyway. The wet pants were worse again. At least a wet diaper isn't as noticeable as wet shorts. He realised it wasn't a big difference, but couldn't help but feel even worse though.

Then the paci. That had really fucked things up. He knew she was cool with him wetting himself, hell, she had even wanted to watch him do it, but he was sure the appearance of his dummy on her lap would probably signify the end of any potential relationship. Sure, he knew they would stay friends, but even though they hadn't known each other long, Dan knew he wanted more than that. Already, the word "Girlfriend" had popped into his mind a couple of times. He knew she wasn't his girlfriend yet, but he had sort of been hoping she may become so one day. But there was probably no chance of that now.

He fished another pull up from his bag. Even though he'd been wearing one all day, he hadn't had the time to really examine one closely. When he had put it on for the first time, he had been in this very bathroom, but in a hurry to change before anybody but Amy found out what he was doing. After his shower at home, his mum was calling him to hurry up, so once again he had just slipped it on quickly. He opened it up, and gave it a close inspection, paying particular attention to the elasticised leg bands with the leak guards. He held it up, then squashed it a bit, to simulate what sitting down was like.

He put his hand between his legs, and craned his neck down to look at the one he had on. There was a stool under the sink, and he pulled it out to sit on, visually checking it again. He saw how it sort of splayed open a bit when he sat down. Amy was right. If he had of been standing up, he most likely wouldn't of leaked, but peeing while seated was more precarious.

Even if he had of stood up and kept his pants dry though, it still paled into insignificance against his dummy being discovered. He would of chosen the option of messing in his shorts without any protection on instead of having her find his paci. At least she could comprehend and understand dirty accidents. She wouldn't understand his dummy, that's for sure.

His Dummy! He'd left it on the table! The situation just kept getting worse. No doubt she would have been looking at it flat out, trying to work out why he even had one. Argh fuck it!

Knowing he couldn't do anything about it now, he removed his soggy pull up, dampened the cloth, and gave himself a good wiping off. It wasn't the first time in his life he'd ever had to do this unfortunately, so it didn't take him long. He grabbed a fresh pull up, and stepped into it, making sure it fitted securely between his legs with no gaps. No doubt at all it provided a better seal while he was standing. He thought to himself that if nothing else, at least he'd learned something from the experience.

He rummaged in his bag again, and pulled out his pyjama pants. These were basically light grey in colour, but with an alternating check pattern done in various grey shades. His mother had called them his "50 shades of grey" PJs, and they had laughed at the joke. He was regretting his choice of sleepwear now though. He'd wet the bed wearing these before, and they showed up any wetness really well. He should've gone with his black sweat pants instead, but hadn't given enough thought to what his pants would look like if they got wet.

He never wore boxers at home under his pyjamas. They were only to hide his nappy at school. If he did wet during the night, and he usually did, boxer shorts weren't going to offer any extra protection at all. It only created more washing if he leaked. His pyjamas could be pulled up high enough to hide his nappies waistband, and had a draw string along with the elastisised waist, so he could do them up tight anyway. He bagged and threw out his wet diaper, then sat on the stool again. Another search of his bag resulted in him recovering his white ankle socks, so he pulled them on and stood up. After washing his hands and face he took a deep breath.

He couldn't even face his own reflection at the moment. How the hell was he supposed to face Amy? Knowing he couldn't stay in the bathroom all night, he had no option but to try. Suddenly the urge to pee again struck him. He must be still holding some still. He didn't want to go to the toilet, then come back here to wash his hands again. He pulled open the shower door, pulled his pants and diaper down, and peed in the shower instead. After he shook himself dry, he briefly ran the water to wash his pee away. Dan wouldn't have normally done this, but had felt like doing something a bit naughty by choice.

As he washed his hands, he found the courage to make eye contact with his reflection.

"I AM in control here" he muttered.

After drying his hands, he left to face Amy.

*114*2016-04-07 13:10

Chapter 43:

He found Amy sitting back in her original position, feet up on the couch. Upon seeing him, she pulled her feet up, leaving him space to sit back down on his now dried cushion. He had no sooner sat back down, uttering a big sigh as he did, when Amy stretched her legs back out, putting her socked feet straight back onto his lap without asking, leaving them seated exactly as they had been before all the excitement, as if nothing at all had happened. He put his hands back onto her foot and leg, but said nothing.

"Plugged ya phone in Dan. Looks like you've got a couple of messages and Facebook stuff to check. Did you get changed alright? By the way, I like your pyjamas!"

When he didn't respond, she tried again. "I can't believe you're wearing socks now. You've been barefoot all day! Are you one of those "socks to bed" people? I can't handle sleeping in socks. These will be coming off straight away when we go to bed."

His reply sounded sullen. "Yeah, I guess I am. I always wear socks to bed. Dunno why."

Again she tried. "I made us some ice tea. It's nice and sweet. Be warned though, it might make you want to pee!"

He just offered a weak attempt at a smile.

Getting a bit frustrated now, she decided a straightforward approach was required. "So Danny boy, what's up? What's going on here exactly? I'm not stupid you realise. Something about that pacifier sitting on the table is bugging you. I don't need to be Sherlock Bloody Holmes to work that out! Are you going to say anything or not? Something more than wetting your pants just now has upset you, and whatever it is, it's connected to that." She gestured at his paci. "Now I said before that I wouldn't ask you to tell me anything you didn't want too, and I meant it. I won't, but you can't just shut me out without some sort of excuse, or can you?

This last comment was added in a challenging tone.

Another sigh escaped him, prompting Amy to say "If you spent as much time talking as you do sighing, this conversation would go a lot easier you realise?"

He didn't look up, but he did start speaking.

"Amy. I have a pacifier. It's one of my old baby ones. I found 2 of them a year ago. We were cleaning out our hallway cupboard, and going through an old box of my baby stuff. To tell you the truth, mum was looking for my old cloth diapers. She had an idea that I might be able to stuff one inside my Goodnight at bedtime, to make them more absorbent. That didn't work by the way. Too uncomfortable. But in the box were 2 old pacifiers. I don't know why I did it, but I snuck them out of the rubbish bag that mum put them in. I honestly didn't have any plan on using them, but for some reason, I just wanted to keep them. While I didn't want to actually use them, I still didn't want to throw them away either. I snuck them into my room, hid them at the back of a shelf in my wardrobe, stuffed inside an old woollen beanie hat, and forgot about them."

"This was around the time my daytime accidents were just starting to kick in again. It was probably not long after the skate park incident that I told you about. One day I rode my bike to the park. I was starting to play by myself more often. I was worried about wetting myself in front of my friends, so I spent more time by myself. I was just chilling out by myself, riding my bike around the paths, when I saw a group of boys from my school walking into the park from the entrance I needed to leave out of. These kids were some of the worst bullies from my school, and I didn't want to be seen by them, so I left by the other end, meaning I had to ride around 2 blocks to avoid them and get home unseen."

"Anyway, long story short, I wet myself a bit on the ride home. Not a full on soaking, but I suddenly felt the urgent need to go, and sprung a leak as I rode up my street. I managed to stop myself from flooding, but when I got home I had a tennis ball sized wet patch on the front on my jeans. I was wearing an old pair of really faded Levis, and it was super obvious, and I was scared someone would see me. But I lucked out for a change. When I got home, mum and dad were out. I was able to go into the backyard and pee there before I got soaked. Plus, we hide a back door key, so I could go inside and didn't have to wait and face them."

"I went to my room, and started frantically searching my wardrobe. I've got another faded pair of jeans, and thought I might be able to change without mum finding out that if wet myself again. I couldn't find them at first, and was starting to panic, but I found my beanie with the dummies in it. I'd almost forgotten about them. Without thinking about it, I just put one in my mouth as I kept looking. But as soon as I started sucking on it, I calmed right down. It was amazing. It just relaxed me right away, if you can believe it. All of a sudden I could think clearer, and I remembered that my other jeans were in my chest of drawers. Sure enough, I found them straight away."

"I looked at myself in my mirror. There I was, a paci in my mouth, and a big wet patch on my pants, but I felt in control again. That's what I said out loud. I'm in control here, and I felt calmer. I changed my pants, and no one ever knew that I'd wet my pants that day. Until now at least!"

He smiled at Amy. The first time he'd smiled since before he'd wet himself on the couch. Amy smiled back encouragingly. She thought the worse might be over, and he was starting to get himself together again. She was right.

"For some reason, the dummy had calmed me down, made the bad stuff go away for a while, and helped me focus my thoughts. Ever since, I've used it from time to time when I've gotten upset. It really works to calm me down or make me feel better if I've had a bad day. But listen Amy. I don't ever take it out of the house, and I don't sleep with it in or anything like that. I keep it in my bedside drawer, and usually only use it when I'm upset with myself after I've had an accident or something. I never take it with me, anywhere. The only reason it was in my bag tonight was because....."

He related the story of walking down the stairs to meet his uncle while still sucking on it. Amy shrieked with laughter when he told her.

"Oh God Dan. How close was that? What would your mum and uncle say? I'm sorry, but that's hilarious sweetie!"

He laughed too, and she was glad to see it.

"Well that's about it Ames" he said, "now you know another of my secrets. I use a pacifier. I'm sorry."

She looked confused. "What the hell are you sorry for, my sweet little Catholic boy? Do you really think I would care about something as silly as that? You must think I'm pretty shallow! Besides, your not the only one with a little childlike secret you know. I've got two of my own. Firstly, I sleep with my teddy bear. Every night. I was worried about how I was going to sneak him in with me later, but I'm not anymore. I'm just gonna go get him, and cuddle him in front of you now! My second little secret is, I suck my thumb nearly every time I wet my pants."

Dan was gobsmacked. What she had said had triggered something. He recalled earlier on this evening, when they were setting the air beds up. He had caught a glimpse of her sitting still for a moment with her thumb in her mouth. Also, she had been chewing her thumb just after she'd admitted wetting herself earlier.

Amy explained, "It's been a habit of mine ever since I was little. Mum teases me about it sometimes. She reckons that she can always tell when I'm doing a wee cause my thumbs in my mouth. When my mummy would put my cloth nappy on me after school, and I was allowed to wee in it, if I was doing it deliberately I'd always stop, put my thumb in my mouth, and suck on it while I peed. If you ever see me doing that, the chances are I'm doing a pre-emptive strike at the same time!"

"I saw you doing that earlier, while we were inflating the beds!" Dan exclaimed.

Amy giggled. "That wasn't a pre-emptive, I had a little accident. I was crawling around on the floor, but sprung a leak. I even do it while I'm having an accident! If I start wetting myself, my thumb just goes into my mouth automatically. But if it's not an accident I'm doing, like if I choose to wet on purpose, I kinda get the same kinda feeling that you must get with your paci. It just calms me down while I'm peeing somehow."

"I even do it in my sleep apparently. When we came to Perth, we caught a late night connecting flight from Sydney. Mum told me later that she always knew exactly when I was wetting in my sleep. She said I wouldn't wake up, but I'd just lift my hand up and start sucking my thumb while I slept. Thank God I wore a big tape up nappy. She said I did it 3 times!"

Dan interjected. "You didn't do it when you wet at the park this afternoon though."

"Didn't I? I didn't notice. I don't notice when I do it, so I don't notice when I don't either. Can't explain it. Maybe because I was upset and crying. Perhaps that's the reason. It's a calming thing for me, but I don't claim it happens every time though."

Dan seemed to be excited about something. His earlier sour mood had dissipated. He seemed to be itching to speak.

"I've got a theory Ames. I thought it might apply to me, but it could apply to you as well. Now hear me out here. Your mum smokes, right?"

Amy nodded. "She keeps quitting, but keeps taking it up again. It's a horrible habit."

Dan agreed. "Both my mum and dad smoke, so I know what you mean. But listen. Have you ever seen your mum be really stressed about something, then smoke a cigarette and calm right down, like magic sometimes?"

Amy nodded in agreement. "Particularly after a hard day at work. Sometimes she's in a shit of a mood, then has a smoke, and calms right down."

"Exactly! That's what my pairs are like as well! But what I think, is my dummy use, and maybe your thumb sucking have the same sorta effect on us that smoking does for the grown ups! I certainly don't wanna be a smoker, but I intend to try it once, you know, when I'm an adult I mean."

Amy seemed to be considering this. "Dan, have you ever smoked? With your friends or anything? A lot of kids try it, at least once."

"Not yet Amy. I'm kinda keen to try it one day, just to see why the oldies like it so much, but to be honest, I'm terrified they'd catch me if I tried it. I'd be in deep shit for sure!"

"Dan. I'm gonna tell you something now, and you have gotta swear to keep it a secret, no matter what, okay?"

"Ames, I can't imagine you can have any more secrets left to tell me, can you? But yes, of course I'll keep any secret you tell me."

"Ok then Dan" she took a deep breath. "Danny, I smoke occasionally. I've got some stashed in my room right now. Mum will be home soon, so tonight's no good, but if you want to try it, mums going to work for a few hours tomorrow. You and I can have a smoke then, if you're keen to try it."

*116*2016-04-08 01:21

Chapter 44:

Dan found his mouth hanging open a bit. Amy was still laying back, feet on his lap, nightie scrunched up a bit with her pull up just peeking out from underneath it at the back. She had a kind of naughty expression on her face. Eyes cast slightly downwards but looking at him from under her lashes, as she picked up her iced tea and took a drink.

"Mmmm, that's really good Dan. Drink it before the ice melts."

Not knowing what to say, he picked up his glass and took a long sip. Once his mind had processed what Amy had told him, he started speaking."

"You're a smoker? No way! I mean, like how, I mean when did, uhh, what...?" He tried again. "Sorry Ames, but you just blew me away with that. Good little Catholic girls aren't supposed to smoke! Like, how much do you do it? Tell me! I'm intrigued! Like, how long have you been a smoker for?"

Amy couldn't help smiling. Dan looked like a kid at Christmas. He was almost bubbling with excitement. In a way, she wasn't surprised. A lot of kids were like this when discussing naughty or prohibited topics. She had encountered it before, when other kids had found out about her wetting problems and her diapers. They would drag her aside and excitedly whisper stuff like "Do you REALLY wear a nappy? Are you wet now?" that sort of thing. She herself had been guilty of it. Some girls from school had had a sleepover, which she obviously didn't go to, and she found out later that they had watched some x-rated porno movies. She had just needed to know all about such a taboo topic. It was a part of growing up. Talking about naughty stuff with your friends.

She wasn't really proud of herself for the feeling, but deep down it did feel sorta nice to be the centre of attention for being the "Rebel" or the "Bad Girl" for a change, instead of the poor little girl who has to wear a nappy. In a way, Dans reaction made her feel like she'd just gained some serious "street cred" or something.

"Welllll, to start with, I wouldn't exactly say I'm a smoker, just a girl that smokes occasionally. Back in New Zealand, about a year ago, my mum lost a packet of ciggies. She even asked me if I'd taken them! I hadn't, so I could answer her truthfully that I'd never smoked. But a few days later, mum was out, and I found her packet behind a chair in the lounge room. There was only about 8 in it I think. That was the first time I tried it. It wasn't as horrible or as disgusting as I'd been expecting. Every Sunday, mum went to visit nan, so I'd be alone for a few hours. For the next few weeks I'd have a smoke in the backyard while she was gone. It was perfect. No chance of getting caught, all the time in the world to do it, and I'd brush my teeth and use mouthwash after."

She paused, and they both had another drink of tea, remarking on how good it tasted. "It always makes me pee though" she told Dan.

"I wasn't game to steal mums, but a friend of mine from school worked in her parents shop. If the timing was right, and they weren't around, she'd sell them to me. I only ever bought a couple of packets off her though. Her dad caught her selling some to another kid, and he hit the roof. I was so scared she'd dob me in, but she never did. She was like grounded for a month though!"

"I stopped after that. I was so scared I'd get caught, I didn't smoke anymore. Until we came to Australia. I had a bad day at school, you can probably guess why, and I was really angry and frustrated. Mum left her smokes on the bench, and I took one, plus a box of matches, and walked to the park. I sat in the fort and smoked, no one saw me, and I calmed down. I bought a drink after at the gas station to rinse my mouth out with, and mum never knew!"

"I'd heard the other kids at school talking about a shop where they would sell smokes to kids. They charge more, but they'll sell them. I saved up my money and went there one day after school. I was so scared, I wet myself at the counter! Can you believe that? I actually peed because I was frightened!" Anyway, they sold them to me, and I left. I'd peed so much, I was worried I might've leaked on the floor! But I'd been standing up, so I didn't leak like you did. Anyway, I've still got about 10 left I think. I don't use them all the time, only when I know mums going to definitely be gone for a while."

She gave him a grin. "Like tomorrow..... If I had of known that you wanted to try it, we could've done it tonight, but it's too late now. Mum will be home soon, but she is going to work tomorrow."

A mischievous grin had appeared on Amy's face. "So, whaddya reckon Dan? Want to try it?"

Dan had the same type of emotions running through him as he had earlier, when the chance to drink wine became available. He was a good kid at heart, and generally tried to do the right thing, and avoided situations where he could get into trouble. He hated it when his folks got mad with him, particularly his dad. He only saw his father for 2 weeks out of every 8, and craved his attention whenever he could get it. When his father was home, they always did lots of stuff together. He even got to stay home from school occasionally if there was something his old man wanted to do with him. If he got caught smoking, his mum would certainly be mad, but he knew his dad would be really, really, pissed.

Also, there was the thought of how it could affect his blossoming friendship with Ames. If they were caught smoking together, no doubt he would be grounded from seeing her, perhaps permanently.

On the other hand it was something that he was keen to try, and he couldn't think of a single person he'd rather try it with. Plus, like when the wine was offered, he did not want to look like a pussy by wimping out on her. He therefore agreed to try smoking with her the next day.

They discussed their illicit plan for a little while, drank more tea, and gradually the conversation swung towards more normal, mundane topics.

*117*2016-04-08 11:57

Chapter 45:

After some basic teenage chitchat, Dan remarked that he thought the effects of the wine had worn off, and he felt sober again, and Amy agreed. She was perhaps just a touch lightheaded, but not enough that her mum would notice, which was a relief. It was now after 10 o'clock, and her mum should be home shortly. Sonia had said she would be back before 10:30. They decided to set up Amy's Xbox, and do some gaming. Dan was pleasantly surprised that she had the latest FIFA game, something he wouldn't have expected a girl to own, and not only did she own it, she was also good at it. Dan hadn't played it much, and she was better than him.

The talk was now steered away from their medical issues. They had discussed their various issues on and off all day, and now they seemed to be over it, at least temporarily. At one stage Amy suddenly paused the game, muttering an excuse, and quickly left the room. While she was gone, Dan remembered he hadn't yet checked his phone. He saw it was nearly fully charged again, so he unplugged it at sat back to read his messages.

The first one was from his mother, telling him they had arrived safely in Bunbury, and were now at the hospital with Jackie. His aunt was resting comfortably, but it looked like it was going to be a long night. The prognosis was good however. She wanted to know if he was alright. The second one was again from his mum, sent 40 minutes after the first one, again checking on him. He smiled to himself. He knew that it was also her first night knowing that he was somewhere other than with family, and she was worried about him. He contemplated ringing her, but the thought triggered a slight feeling of homesickness, and he didn't trust himself not to get perhaps a little upset. He decided on texting his reply, saying they were having fun and playing games. All very true and innocent sounding he thought, but he was glad his mother wasn't able to read some of his thoughts as easily as his text.

Onto Facebook now, and there were a couple of posts where his name had been tagged to the posts. His new friends from school, Ali and Scott were at their sleepover as well, and had been posting pictures and updates showing 5 teenage boys running amok at someone's house. There appeared to be a pool table, a swimming pool and a large flat screen at their disposal. Most of the pictures were of the boys posing with various hand signs, all attempting to look cool. He had a private Messenger text from Ali as well, asking what he was doing and informing him that he was missing out on a great night with "The Lads."

Before he could respond, Amy returned. He noticed she had taken her knee socks off, but didn't comment.

"That was kinda close Dan. I had to run to the loo. I don't know if it was the fish and chips or the wine, but something didn't agree with me!"

He loved how she pronounced "Fersh und Cheps" with her kiwi accent. He thought it was really kind of cute, but didn't point that out. He had noticed that her accent, mostly molded by her mother, was basically Australian, but occasionally a touch of a kiwi accent just slipped in out of nowhere on certain words.

Instead of commenting on her cute accent, he asked "Are you alright? Did you make it in time?"

"Yeah I made it. Only just though. I thought my tummy was settling down after this morning, but apparently it's still a bit icky. Greasy food can sometimes make it act up, or it could've been the big glass of wine I guess. My body's not used to alcohol."

This prompted a discussion on her usual diet, which was a lot healthier than Dans it seemed. Then his phone beeped again, another Messenger text from Ali, asking him if he was having fun alone in his room masturbating while his friends partied. Dan smiled to himself. He realised that Ali was getting egged on by the other kids, and they were just giving him some good natured male teasing because he wasn't there. Amy saw him grin as he read the message, and asked him what was up. He passed the phone over and let her read it. At first she seemed a bit mad, thinking they were being mean, but he hastily explained the nuances of guys humour.

"So, how are you going to reply, Catholic boy? Are you going to give them some back?"

"I dunno Ames. I'll probably just ignore it. It's only the guys being stupid."

"I've got an idea Danny boy. Leave this to me....."

He saw that devilish grin appear, and the way her pretty green eyes gleamed worried him. He snatched at his phone.

"Dan! Trust me! This will be epic!" She started typing his reply. He cringed when he heard his phone signalling the outgoing message.

"Aaammyyy! What did you just do?"

She handed him his phone, and he read the message.

"Sorry boys. Hanging around with a bunch of guys on a Saturday night is a bit to gay for me. I'd rather spend it sleeping at my new girlfriends house. She's a lot hotter than you losers!"

His eyes were wide as he stared at her.

"Jesus Ames! You don't hold back at all do ya? Their gonna react to that for sure!" He read it again. The second time a certain word jumped out at him.

"Amy, you just, um, like, said girlfriend?"

"Danny, sweetie. Believe me, I KNOW what I said....and I meant it. That is, if you don't mind? I mean, that is, like if you wanted to, you know, like,......AAARRGGHHHH! " she screamed in frustration.

She took a breath. "Dan, do you want to be my boyfriend? I like you, and I've never gone out with anyone before, but I'd like to go out with you, that is, if you wanted to?"

Dan couldn't speak. He was completely tongue tied. He just looked at her in shock.

"Oh Dan, I'm sorry. I shouldn't of..."

Her sentence was cut off as Dan reached over, grabbed her shoulder and swung her round, wrapping his arms around her in a big cuddle, as he kissed her on the lips. This kiss was a lot harder and longer than the little pecks that they had previously shared. At first it felt awkward, but within seconds Amy was responding with passion, and they kept their lips pressed together for perhaps half a minute, as they rubbed each other's backs and shoulders.

The sound of his phone beeping bought them back to reality, plus they had to come up for air. Suddenly, feeling a touch awkward, Dan picked up his phone, just as much to avoid speaking as anything else. They smiled at each other. Real smiles, and the awkwardness was gone instantly. It went unspoken that this latest development would require much further discussion, but for now, the kiss was sufficient, and they could talk details later. They both understood that this wasn't the time to talk about it, they just knew it was not only right, but exactly what they both wanted and probably needed as well. Even though they had only known each other for a day, their shared history of problems just made it seem right, not to mention the obvious attraction they felt for each other.

To break the mood, Amy again picked the phone from his hands, and together they read the messages.

Ali: "Bullshit dude"

Scott: "Prove it"

Matty: "Photos "

And so on.

Amy had that wicked smile going again. "Proof eh? Okay. C'mere Dan!"

They pushed up close together, this time feeling no awkwardness with each other. Amy switched the front camera on, held the phone out, and took a selfie of them sitting together. She promptly sent it to Ali.

Within a minute the reply came back. "That proves nothing dude. It's probably an old photo of you and your cousin or something. If she's really there, I want a picture of you two kissing!"

Dan and Amy laughed at this. "Hang on Dan, I've got an idea! She jumped up, opened a cupboard, and came back with a piece of paper and a marking pen. She quickly wrote "Screw you Ali, Scott and Matt" on it, then she had Dan hold it up while they kissed, and she took another picture. She sent that to all 3 of them, then they sat back and waited. Within a minute, Dans phone was going off madly. This time Amy's reply was simple. "Sorry guys, don't have time to chat. Me and Amy are about to go to bed" she then took a picture of the 2 air beds pushed together, attached it, then sent that to all 3 boys. When Dan saw what she had done, he nearly turned purple with laughter.

He fell to the floor laughing, while Amy stayed on the couch laughing nearly as hard.

That's how Sonia found them as she walked in. Dan on the floor, Amy on the couch, FIFA game paused, and both kids laughing flat out.

Before announcing her arrival that the kids hadn't heard, she smiled to herself and thought

"I really don't know what I was worried about! They really are just 2 kids having some good, clean innocent fun!"

*119*2016-04-09 01:08

Chapter 46:

Putting on a loud, angry voice, Sonia barked "What's going on here," and she herself laughed at the kids reactions. They both squealed, Dans voice broke, making him issue a high pitched squeak, and Amy yelled "Shit!"

Still chuckling at their reaction, Sonia said "Language young lady," but the smile on her face let them know she wasn't mad.

"Oh my God mum! You scared us. We didn't hear you come in."

"Sorry darling, I couldn't resist it. It looks like you two are having fun then?"

"Yeah mum. It's been good. I'm kicking Daniels butt at soccer right now. He games like a girl really..."

Dan reached over and lightly punched her on the ankle. "It's these stupid controllers. Now if you had a decent system, like a PS for example...."

Sonia laughed. "Amy, can I see you in the kitchen for a minute? Excuse us Dan, I won't keep her long."

Sighing exaggeratedly, Amy got up and followed her mother to the kitchen.

"Thanks for washing up sweetie, I appreciate it. Now, how's your tummy been? No more yucky accidents?"

"Not really mum. I've laughed so much I've been wetting myself all night, but no poo. I did have to go a while ago, and it was still a bit runny, but I made it though."

Sonia was pleased to hear her daughter had been laughing. She hadn't been laughing very much lately.

"How's Dan been? Sue asked me to keep an eye on him as well, obviously. He's not as used to stuff happening as you are, and she was worried about him getting upset if he had an accident away from home."

Amy lowered her voice. She wouldn't like Dan to find out that he was the topic of conversation. "Dans fine mum, he had to change once, and he did get a bit stressed, but he's okay now."

"That's great baby. Okay then. I'm not going to hang around and cramp your style. I'm going to have a quick shower, and go to bed and read or watch TV. I don't mind you staying up, and there's some more potato chips in the pantry if you guys want a snack, but don't eat too many though, not if your tummies acting up. If it's still a bit icky tomorrow, I want you to have some swim panties on if you go in the pool, alright?"

Amy objected to that. "Awww c'mon mum. Swimmings like the only time I don't have to wear a nappy. That's one of the things I like about it! I'll be fine!"

"If you're tummies okay, no drama. But if you've got the runs still, you'll wear a swimmer or won't be going in the pool. End of story missy. Now another thing. I'm letting you guys sleep in the same room, but not side by side. I want you to move those beds end to end, and you'll sleep seperately top and tail, okay?"

Amy groaned again "Yeah, okay, whatever. How was your date mum?"

"It was nice. We had Italian and went for coffee. Ian's a nice guy, but I don't know though. I'm not feeling any spark with him." She added mischievously "How about you two? Are you getting on alright with each other? Making any marriage plans yet?"

"MMUUUUMMM! REALLY? Is this how you talk to your little girl?"

"You're not a little girl any more Ames. That's why I worry about you." She opened her arms wide,and Amy stepped in, sharing a hug with her mother.

"We'll behave mum, don't worry. Hey, while I think of it, what time are you going to work?" She tried very hard to make it sound like an innocent question, and it was in a way, but she didn't want Sonia to think they were planning on getting up to anything. It must've worked, as Sonia seemed to harbour no suspicion when she told her daughter she'd be gone from roughly between 11 and 3. After a good night kiss on each other's cheeks, Amy returned to Dan.

"Parents! Ya just can't bloody win with them sometimes. Give me a hand Dan. Mum wants the beds top and tail. She must think we're going to have an orgy of something."

Dan couldn't help feeling a touch relieved. He had been a bit nervous about the bed set up. He had never shared a room with anyone before. Because of his bed wetting, he even slept in a separate room when he stayed with at his cousins place. He had secretly worried about going to sleep with Amy's bed next to his. In no time at all, her bed was laying at the base of his. He would sleep on the mattress at the foot of the couch, and Amy's was nearer the door. He briefly worried about stepping over her if he needed to go to the toilet during the night, but remembered he'd have a real tape on nappy on for the first time, so it probably wouldn't be necessary. Anyway, he would probably wouldn't wake up to pee either, just like normal. He was a bit worried about wetting himself, but knew there was nothing he could do about it, so he tried to put it out of his mind.

Rearranging done, they sat on the couch again, but because Sonia was home, the seemed to have made an unspoken arrangement that they kept a gap between them, and Amy kept her pretty little bare feet on the floor. Dan realised that now he was getting used to the idea, he found her little feet with their red nail polish just as cute as her stockinged feet were. He was definitely a bit weird he thought.

Comfortable again at last, he asked her "Ames, did you wet yourself when we were laughing? I nearly did for a second. Laughing doesn't make me pee, but the ice tea is building up I think. When I cracked up laughing, I very nearly started squirting at first, but I stopped in time though. I may have to go to the loo again soon though. I can't believe how much I'm peeing now. It's like only been an hour or so since I wet myself!"

"Actually Dan, I didn't! That's most unusual for me, to laugh like that and not wet. I guess it's because I peed when I sat on the toilet earlier. I must've been empty. But I know what you mean about the tea though, I'm building up as well." She turned to him with a grin. "Danny, can I borrow your pacifier? I want to try something!"

It was strange. Only an hour or so ago Dans pacifier was the biggest deal in the whole world to him. It was s monumental thing. The biggest, ugliest, most embarrassing thing in the world in fact. But now, only a short while later, it had become insignificant. After their talk about Amy's teddy and thumb sucking, then the big talk which had confirmed them as a couple, he now couldn't imagine why he had gotten so upset in the first place. He just wasn't as concerned about his paci anymore.

He pulled it from the front pocket of his backpack, where he'd stashed it away, and handed it to her without question.

Amy stood up facing him, put the dummy in her mouth and started sucking on it. Her legs were slightly spread, but she didn't speak or move. Dan looked at her feet, and suddenly her toes curled in as she stood there.

He gasped, then looked at her face again. Her eyes weren't shut, but squinting a bit. She kept sucking in the paci with her arms at her sides. She was wetting herself. On purpose.

After about 20 seconds of this. She sort of shuddered. Her toes curled again, and she bent over so slightly at the waist, putting her hands on her hips. She seemed to come out of her trance like state with a big cheeky smile accentuating her high cheekbones. She calmly removed the paci, wiped it on her nightie, then handed it back to him smiling.

"Thanks Dan. You were right. They are amazing. Very calming. Probably better than a thumb!"

"Amy! Did you just wet yourself? On purpose?"

"Yep! Sure did! I thought I could feel the tea after you mentioned it, and I wanted to try your dummy. Glad I did. I might get one myself now."

"Ames, that wasn't a pre-emptive strike OR an accident! You did that on purpose!" He repeated.

"You're right again Danny. Sometimes, it's just.....fun to do I guess! Oh, don't look at me like that! You know it can be!"

He started to speak, but she cut him off. "Remember earlier? You told me about pooing in your Shrek undies when you were a kid? Well you said yourself that it happened when you were deliberately peeing in your knickers behind your shed! You even said at the time that it was something that you liked doing! Well let me ask you a question Danny boy. I'd be willing to bet that you still do that now. I bet if your in the pool by yourself, and you need to do a wee, you either do it in the pool, or you stand behind the shed and wet your pants! Am I right?"

Dan knew he had blushed a lot today, but this took blushing to a whole new level. He could feel himself glowing. The heat was radiating from his face.

Amy laughed and clapped her hands. "I'm right, aren't I? You do it because it's naughty and fun, same as I just did. You also told me about wetting your Goodnights in front of the mirror. I understand that doing that was more about a control thing, but I bet you wouldn't have considered doing it if you didn't at least like it a little bit! So tell me, am I right? You do, don't you?"

Dan tried to maintain a straight face, but he couldn't. He grinned broadly, feeling like an idiot. "Yep. You got me Ames. I still pee in my pants if I'm playing in the pool. I try not to pee in the water, but if nobody's around I'll get out, go in my pants and hop back in. It is fun, isn't it? You're kinda right about my pull ups as well. I've always worn them to bed, like forever, but when mum told me to test them out for school, I was horrified at first. I thought that was disgusting at first. But when I started doing my testing, I kinda enjoyed it sometimes.

It was sorta fun to experiment and see what I could get away with. It was better if mum wasn't home. If she was, I'd only use my bathroom to do it, and only wear my pull up. But if she was gone, I'd wear pants over it and go outside. It was like a fun game really. I kept telling myself it was necessary to test them thoroughly before I'd start wearing to school, but I did enjoy experimenting in them. I'd use them till they leaked and my pants got wet, or riding my bike in the street, sitting down at the table. I learned not to pee sitting down in a Goodnight. That's why I was a bit upset when I leaked earlier, I thought it wouldn't happen in these."

His grin broadened. "I guess I might have to start experimenting with these now!"

She laughed, happy and relieved she had guessed correctly and hadn't upset him. "Why not start now Dan? Give em a try standing up?"

The smile slipped from his face a bit. "I dunno Ames. I told you before I didn't want to do it in front of you."

"Dan. You already have mate, remember?"

He considered this. By now, he could feel a certain fullness building in his bladder. Plus, she was right. He had wet himself in front of her already. He had seen her have accidents, and now pee her pants on purpose. It emboldened him a bit. Also, she was right. He hadn't wanted to admit it even to himself, but it could be fun. He genuinely hated wetting himself when he couldn't control it, but he had secretly liked the naughty feeling he got when he did it on purpose.

He stood up and she sat down, an almost awestruck expression on her pretty features when she realised he was actually going to do it.

"Are you going to use your paci Dan?"

He just shrugged. The paci seemed the least of his problems now. If he was going to wet himself in front of his girlfriend, he didn't think the paci was going to make a difference. He popped it in his mouth.

He gave the dummy a suck, spread his legs and relaxed his bladder. "I'm in control of this" ran through his mind, but he didn't say it out loud. Just then, he felt the first trickle escaping. His penis was pointing up, held in place by the thick pull up. He felt the pee dribbling upwards briefly, before finding the resistance of his diaper. What didn't immediately absorb, started trickling down his pubic mound, through the little patch of pubic hair he was so proud of, before running between his legs and trickling over his balls, to be trapped and absorbed in the thick gusset of his special underwear. This time, the leak guards did their job, and not a drop escaped. He felt his toes curling up, just like Amy's had, then he too gave a small shudder as his stream tapered off. He gave a little push, and a final stream squirted from him.

He put his right hand inside his pyjamas, and felt the nappy all over. It was warm and swollen, but not a drop had escaped.

"These ARE amazing Ames! My pants are still dry! My kiddie pull ups wouldn't handle that. I know, because I've sprung leaks on smaller wees than that before!"

Amy regarded him with a smile. For some reason she felt a touch breathless, and felt herself blushing as well. Even though she had just wet her diaper moments ago, she thought she could detect a different wetness down there as well. She composed herself.

"That's not all Danny boy. I'll bet they could handle the same amount again. Maybe twice more even. Keep drinking your iced tea, and we'll give them another testing later. We may as well. We're going to need to change into our big diapers before bed anyway, and it would be a shame to waste them, wouldn't it?"

*121*2016-04-09 05:37

Chapter 47:

The boy wearing the wet nappy sat down next to his girlfriend who was also wearing one.

"For real? It can hold that again? Jesus! It feels so soft and swollen now, I wouldn't of thought I could use it much more than that."

She handed him his drink, and picked up her own. "Only one way to prove it to you! Keep taking in those fluids, and go again!"

He grinned at her. "Your on! So tell me Amy, why did you think I liked wetting on purpose? I've spent all day telling you the truth, I hate having accidents, I really do. My biggest wish is to stop my incontinence. As you know, it just seems to end up ruling your freaking life after awhile. I can't speak for you of course, but I feel like such an outcast sometimes. Over the past year, since my wetting started again, I've given up playing soccer and cricket, I've avoided kids my own age, I don't want to go into the city with my pairs, and I'm scared of going to school. Sometimes I think it's just fucked my life completely. Well, I used to think that before today anyway." He put his hand on her knee and smiled as he finished speaking. He continued," but I've always liked peeing in my pants when I swim though, and as I said, I secretly enjoyed testing my pull ups. But how did you guess?"

"It wasn't really a guess Dan. Well, only a half guess perhaps. You see, I get the impression that you're a lot like me. We're a bit different in the way that I never wet the bed before my accident, and only had a couple of daytime incidents, but since then I've become a human fire hose. You, on the other hand have always wet the bed, and you had a lot more accidents growing up than most kids did. Until they stopped for a while before puberty started, right?"

Dan squirmed a bit. He didn't feel comfortable discussing stuff like puberty with other kids his own age. It was a hard topic to talk about. But she was correct and he agreed with her on it.

Amy continued. "So as a result, I bet that just like me you've always been sorta "pee aware" I guess you'd say? You always notice if another kids wets their pants, or bed wetting gets discussed, stuff like that?"

Again,Dan agreed.

"So you must've noticed that most kids pee in their pants while they swim, or play under the sprinkler and stuff! Maybe not every kid, but I'll bet 99% of kids do it at least once! When we used to have water fights back home with all our cousins, a lot of them just got wet and then never used the toilet. My cousin Josh, who I told you about from our beach trip, he'd do it all the time! He usually wore speedos, and he'd often wet himself before we even started the water fight! 

That's why it wasn't a big deal for him at the beach, cause his mum let him pee in his swimsuit all the time. That was the only time I ever saw him wet his shorts though. Usually it was a swimsuit thing. He'd run around all day at the beach or the pool, and even when he wasn't swimming, he always had a wet patch on the front of his bathers. He wasn't at all incontinent either. Apart from that day at the beach, I never saw him wet his pants, but he wet in his bathers every single time he wore them, even if they were dry."

"Before my accident, I sometimes played with those kids up the road who didn't talk to me again after I wet my leggings eating the ice cream? But we had all peed in our swimsuits in front of each other before. That's what I couldn't understand. This little girl was the same age as me, and her brother was a bit older, and we'd all seen each other pee our bathers while running around under the sprinklers, but as soon as I wet my pants, they suddenly didn't want to know me, liked I'd crossed a line somehow. But I think most kids will happily pee themselves at the beach or pool."

"I still like doing it now. It's one of the reasons I love swimming so much. It's the one thing I can do inside or outside that I don't have to wear protection. I just put my bathers on, either a one piece or a bikini, or sometimes just my little short shorts, and spend my day relaxing around the pool. If I wet myself, it doesn't matter at all. I just jump in and get wet afterwards. I told you before how New Zealand is a lot cooler? Well not as many people have pools, but mum made sure we had one. It was an above ground one, like we have now, but it had a roof over it and was heated. Even if it was a cool day, I'd spend hours outside lounging around the pool and reading and stuff, just to have a break from wearing a nappy. Mum is so used to seeing me running around with a wet bum, either wearing my shorts or bathers, that she doesn't even look twice at it."

She took another drink. "I learned early on it was acceptable to her if I wet myself outside around the pool, so I just started doing it on purpose. I've never told mum I do it on purpose, but of course she knows I do. I think she just accepts it as being something I can do to take back a bit of control, just like my pre-emptive strikes. I guess that she knows how I hate having only very little control, and my pants or nappy are going to end up wet anyway, so if I use what control I do have it makes me feel a bit better. The end result is still the same. My bum gets wet."

"So when you told me about how you used to do a wee in your undies when you were 10 because you liked it, I realised that was only 4 years ago. And when you told me about your dummy, you said how you had used it while you wet your pull up on purpose, cause you wanted to feel in control again. Well that's when I realised how much alike we are. We both hate having accidents, but at the same time we wet ourselves to regain a feeling of control. You suck a paci, I suck my thumb. We're the same age, and both peed our swimsuits growing up. We both have swimming pools in our yards, and spend a lot of time alone playing in them. I still like doing it, and we're so similar with lots of other stuff, so I figured it was a safe bet that you still liked peeing yourself while you swim, because it's what I do! And I was right!"

"Amazing detective work Ames. You picked it perfectly. You should become a cop or something."

Amy was delighted that she had been able to read him so well.

"When you swim these days Dan, what do you wear? Do you have speedos? Do you ever strip down to your undies still? Ever swum in the nude?"

"I haven't worn my speedos for a long time now Amy at least not in front of anyone. You know what it's like, you sorta get a bit more self conscious as you get older, and um, bigger. I've been getting a bit chubby as well, so I don't think speedos are very flattering on me. I actually do have a pair though. Mum bought me a pair last year, but I don't wear them in front of anyone. Too sort of revealing, ya know? But I do wear them if I'm home by myself and have a swim, or I wear them as underwear underneath my boardies. Yes, I still swim in just my undies if no one is around, like my speedos. And I still love wetting myself behind the shed when I do. It makes me feel like a little kid again, just doing something naughty but harmless. Lastly, I've never swum nude. How about you?"

"I've never swum nude either, but I often just wear my panties and a t-shirt, even in front of mum. I love wearing my little panties. I rarely get to wear them. I've got some really cute pink ones with a big teddy bear on the front, and little teddies all over them. They're like little girls knickers. I love wetting in those, they show it really well, which I like if I'm by myself and wetting on purpose. Like you and your undies, they make me feel sorta young and innocent again," she continued, "You know, I never thought about how guys must feel about their bodies as they start, ahhh, like getting bigger and stuff. With us girls, it's our boobs. You've either got them or you haven't, so you can't hide it. But you guys must get a bit self conscious about being seen in your knickers I suppose."

Dan didn't need to speak for her to know she was again correct.

"So Dan. I've got an idea. What did you bring to swim in?"

"Well I bought the same board shorts I wore this afternoon. I put my clean blue ones on after I had a shower, but of course they're wet now, and I bought my footy shorts. The ones I peed myself in at the beach in front of my class. I should've bought another pair. I need to have something dry to put on as well. If I wet myself again....." He let the sentence trail off.

"Show me these football shorts Dan."

He pulled them out of his bag and held them up. They were indeed a lot shorter and obviously tighter than his almost knee length boardies. These would only go to mid thigh at most, and certainly wouldn't be baggy. He definitely wouldn't be able to wear anything larger than a Goodnight under them, and Amy pointed this out to him.

"Dan, have you ever seen a swim diaper?" He looked confused and shook his head no. "Well what they are, is basically a pair of glorified underpants. They have like a soft lining, elastic legs and leak guards, but they're not waterproof. If you pee in them, they might hold it in a bit, but they leak like regular undies do."

"So what good are they then?" Dan asked.

"They're not for peeing in, they're for messy accidents. You wear them under shorts while you swim, and if you poo your pants, they stop the mess from getting in the pool. Hang on, I'll show you!"

She jumped up and ran out of the room. Dans head was spinning. He had absolutely no idea at all where this was leading. He smiled to himself. She'd been doing this sort of thing to him all day. From the first time she admitted wetting herself at the park, then the wine, her accident when she fell, the socks, thumb sucking, telling him she smoked, wetting on purpose while using his paci, the admission of enjoying peeing in her bathers, and now this. Whatever this was.

He decided that she wasn't going to shock him again. Whatever devious plan was forming in her pretty head, if it wasn't risky or dangerous then he was going to go along with it.

She returned shortly, and dropped something in his lap.

"That, Catholic boy, is a swim nappy," she said proudly. "Like I say, not much better than panties if you wet, but supposed to hold a mess in until you get out of the water. Mum got me some ages ago so I could still go for a swim if my tummy was playing up. I wear these in the pool sometimes. Mum told me earlier that I have to wear one in the pool tomorrow, cause my tummy is a bit upset at the moment."

Dan examined it. It was very thin for a diaper. It was blue in colour, had a thin white cotton lining, elastic waist and legs, with leak guards. It had a thin cloth like cover, almost like Lycra, and didn't crinkle when he squished it up. He could tell by the lack of padding that it was not much good for bladder problems. His kiddie Goodnights would be more effective.

"Do they work Ames? Like do they hold a mess okay?"

"Thankfully Danny, I've never found out. I've never pooped in the pool before. I've pooped in my bathers before, but that wasn't in the water thank God! I hope I never do either. I don't really mind wearing these, just in case, but it means I can't wear my bathers. I'll have to wear my little shorts instead. I might wear my bikini top and shorts."

She took the swim diaper off him. "That brings me back to my plan."

"Tomorrow, Danny boy, you and I are going to drink heaps and heaps of coke and stuff. You'll wear those cute little blue shorts of yours, and I'm going to wear my really little ones, we are both going to wear a swim nappy underneath them, and we are going to have a holding contest. We're going to wet our pants together!"

*124*2016-04-10 22:45

Chapter 48;

"Wait. What?? You want me, us, to wear these," he held up the swim nappy, "and wet them, in front of each other, on purpose, knowing they'll leak, and we'll see each other get our pants wet, correct?"

Amy was nodding enthusiastically. "Not really on purpose. We'll have a holding contest until we both have an accident, it'll be awesome!"

"But why? I mean, don't you think that'll be sorta embarrassing kinda?"

"Why should it? Didn't you ever see another kid wet themselves while they played with water? Like I told you about my cousin Josh and the other kids? You must've seen it as well! Little kids don't care. We shouldn't either. I mean really Daniel, we both wear diapers around each other, and we've used them accidentally and now on purpose in front of each other, we know that we won't be able to help it when we wet, and we'll be the only ones here. We can use the pool to disguise it after, no one else will know. It'll be fun!"

Dan was temporarily speechless. He thought about it and said "I do remember seeing other kids do it when I was little. I went to a friends tenth birthday party. They had a pool party at his house. We were all running around outside playing chases and stuff, and all the kids had bathers or shorts on. The boy, Craig, had a little sister who was about six I guess. She was all wet from the pool and she asked her mother to go inside to the toilet, and her mother told her to just go and stand on the grass instead, so she did. She just peed in her wet bathers on the lawn in front of us. 

I saw Craig and another boy get out of the pool together once and just sorta walk away a bit around the side of the house. I wondered what they were doing, so I followed them. When I peeked around the corner, they had their backs to me, but I could tell they were wetting themselves on purpose together. I didn't say anything, just went back to the pool. Later, when I wanted to wee, I didn't tell anyone, but I peed in the pool," Dan said with a guilty smile. "It was kinda fun."

Amy was laughing. "Yes! That's exactly what I'm talking about! Let's relive our childhood Danny. We'll just pee in our pants like we enjoy doing in private, but with each other. There's not gonna be any other kids or grownups around to tell us off or laugh at us, and we can just wet ourselves and not have to deal with all the emotional stress that normally happens when we have an accident. Imagine what it would be like to have a real accident, one you couldn't help, in front of someone else who doesn't care, and not stressing out about it! No running to the toilet, not having to change your pants, just ignoring it cause the other kids wet as well! I think it's a great idea! Whaddya reckon? You game or not?"

The more she talked about it, the more he liked the idea. "So what would we do? Just like, drink heaps, get full, have a swim then pee on the grass? That sorta thing?"

"Nearly right Dan. Except we won't swim until AFTER we wet our pants," she gave a cheeky grin, " I'd like to actually SEE you pee those cute little shorts of yours! When you told me about peeing in your underwear before, it kinda made me want to see it happen!"

Dan grinned. "I know what you mean. When you told me about how you hang around the pool and wet yourself and your mum doesn't mind, I was thinking the same sort of thoughts. That I'd like to see you do it."

"So do we have a deal, Catholic boy? We'll go get some more coke and iced tea, drink as much as we want, then after mum goes we can have a smoke first, then see who can hold on the longest. You've got better control than me, so you'll need to give me a head start. I'll use the toilet, if I can hold on long enough that is, until you're starting to build up a bit. It won't take me long to catch up."

Dan asked, "That sounds fair I suppose, but why do I have to wear a swim nappy? I'm not gonna poop in your pool!"

"No other reason but fairness," she replied. "I've gotta wear one, so you will too! Plus, think of it as expanding your diaper knowledge even more! Up until today you've only ever worn kiddie pull ups. Now you've tried adult ones, and you're learning what they can and can't do. Tonight, you're going to be sooo impressed when you try an actual proper grownup diaper! They are amazing! So just think of the swimmer as furthering your education even more!"

For some strange reason Dan found himself liking the thought of it. He didn't understand why he liked it, but he did. He never in a million years would have ever thought he'd deliberately put himself in a situation where he'd wet his pants in front of another kid, particularly a cute girl, but he found himself liking the idea. After all, he'd just deliberately peed in his nappy in front of her while she watched, and that didn't seem as strange now as it would've seemed only this morning, and he also realised something else as well. He held out his hand in a handshake action, and she shook it.

"You're on! It'll be fun. But mainly because I really want to watch you pee your pants! I don't know why, but I think you'll look even cuter than you do now when you wet yourself! It's a deal!"

&&

