The Broken Breathalyser

Author: Gemmy

*000*2014-10-12 19:39

The other night I was watching one of the Traffic Cop shows on the TV, I can't remember which one it was as there as so many. There was a bit with a woman that had been stopped on suspicion of drink driving and was being questioned by the copper and she was required to provide a sample of breath but unfortunately the machine was broken so he had to radio and send for another one. Whilst the other unit was on the way with the working machine she had to sit in the back of the police car and wait. After it finished I couldn’t help but imagine a situation where she was desperate to pee having being out drinking and was stuck in the back of the car. So I thought I would turn my hand to Fiction and write a story about it. This is my first fiction story I've written since I was doing my GCSE's so it may be a little rusty. Let me know what you think :D

The Broken Breathalyser

She stared at the red light and then at the completely empty road in front of her. She could never understand why the traffic lights were always red when there was no other vehicle in sight. All she knew was she wanted to get home. It had been a long stressful week at work and she was looking forward to the weekend. She would have been home hours ago but her colleagues had decided to go to the pub and unwind and had invited her along. She would have normally declined the offer but with the week she had had she felt like she could do with a couple of drinks to relax, and it had done the trick, a nice pub lunch and a few drinks had made her feel a lot better and now all she could think about was getting home, getting out of her work clothes and sinking into a nice bubble bath and letting her cares drift away.

The light turned green and she pulled off and drove up the main road through the city. Before long she came to yet another red light. She cursed under her breath and brought the car to a stop. Not only was she looking forward to getting home and relaxing she was starting to need to pee. She shifted in her seat thinking back to the moment she decided to forgo using the toilets at the pub and thinking now that might have been a mistake. She hated using the toilets whilst out drinking, not because she disliked them but from past experience she knew once she broke the seal she would be peeing all night so even if she had pee'd before she left she would still have needed to pee when she got home. Luckily she wasn't too desperate but it was another 10 minutes before she would get home and the way her bladder felt she knew it would fill up pretty fast.

The bottle of wine she had drunk would find its way there before long. Finally the light turned green and she set off, at least no she was out of the city and shouldn't have any more hold ups. As she drove along her bladder filled up and before she long she was feeling an ever increasing need to empty her bladder. By the time she pulled onto the end of her street she was busting and was dreaming about getting to the bathroom and releasing the contents of her bladder. She pulled up outside her house and killed the engine. Just as she was sorting her belongings into her bag there was a bright blue flash. She looked in the rear view mirror and saw a black BMW with flashing blue lights in the grill. She wasn't sure what it was doing but she honestly didn't care, she was finally home. She stepped out of the car and as she did a voice said “excuse me ma'am, stay where you are”. She looked round and saw a police officer walking towards her.

“Can I help you” she asked him quizzically.

“We have had an anonymous tip off that you may be driving this vehicle whilst under the influence of alcohol so I just need to ask you a few questions, come and sit in the back seat of my car”.

She thought about protesting but decided just to get it over with. After all she hadn't had that much to drink and knew that if she had to blow into the machine thing that coppers use that she wouldn't likely be over the limit. She walked over to the back door of the BMW that he was holding open for her and she slid in to the back seat. He walked round the car and got into the drivers seat and swung round in his seat to face her. “This is just a routine stop” he informed her “we got a call saying the occupant of this car was seen drinking in the Black Bull pub on New street and then seen to get in the vehicle and drive off. We just need to follow up on that call and ask you a few questions. She acknowledged him to say she understood and her mind drifted, thinking who could have possibly made that call, one of her colleagues, someone in the pub, someone in the street?. Either way it didn't matter, she was confident she would pass the breath test and everything else would check out.

“first off I need your name” he asked her.

“Amy Stephenson”

“do you have any ID Amy?”.

She reached into her handbag and pulled out her driving license passing it to him. He checked the details and passed it back happy she was telling the truth.

“Is that your car”. He enquired. She said it was and he asked if it was insured which she said it was. He turned to the front and radioed for a vehicle check and read out the registration number. As he was waiting for the results to come back and there was silence she suddenly had nothing else to concentrate on but her now really full bladder. She squeezed her legs together. Jiggling them slightly as her bladder pushed down on her pee hole trying to make it open. She heard the results coming back on the radio and urged the process to hurry up so she could just go inside and use the bathroom.

“Everything checks out with the vehicle Miss Stephenson, now I just need to ask you a few questions, have you consumed any alcohol this evening?”

“erm...yeah, I went out after work and had a couple of drinks”.

“how much did you have to drink?”

“A couple of glasses wine” she replied, and boy did she know it, she could feel the wine pressing against her pee hole with increasing pressure.

“and how long ago did you last consume alcohol”

“about half and hour ago”.

“Okay, I just need you to provide a sample of breath to determine the amount of alcohol in your bloodstream, if you refuse or fail to provide a sample you will be arrested and taken to the station to provide a sample, do you understand”.

“I do, and im happy to provide a sample” she replied.

He reached under the seat and pulled out the machine which she recognised as a breathalyser. He fitted the mouth piece to the machine and then went silent for a moment. She took the opportunity whilst he wasn't looking to squirm around in her seat. Her bladder was getting really full and desperately wanted to be emptied, which if she didn't allow it to soon it would happen involuntarily. Still at least once she had provided a sample of breath and had a lecture she would be able to do just that. He turned round and she stopped squirming. “I'm afraid something seems to be wrong with the machine”.

“what does that mean” she asked.

“It means that we won't be able to use it to take your breath sample, which means we can either go down to the station and use the machine there or I can radio and get a nearby unit to come and bring their machine, which I'm sure you would prefer the latter” and with that he got on the radio and asked who was the nearest unit. She zoned out from what he was saying as she had gone back to concentrating on keeping control of her bladder. She hoped another unit was close by and wouldn't take long to get here as with each passing minute the chances of her having an accident were getting more real. She could comfortably hold on for a bit longer but soon she knew it would start getting harder to keep control.

“Amy....a unit is on the way and bringing their machine, they should be here in about 10 minutes”.

She said “okay that's fine” but her mind was saying “oh god 10 minutes, come on you can do it, just keep holding a bit longer”. 5 minutes passed and she was starting to get worried, she felt on the verge of wetting herself, a feeling she hadn't felt for years. What would happen if she did wet herself, besides it being utterly embarrassing she had no idea what would happen to her if she did pee in the back of the car, would it be considered damage of property? would she be arrested? She really didn't want to find out.

“excuse me....how long do you think they will be?”

“not long now, a couple of minutes, why, you in a rush” he joked.

“kind of, its just I....i kind of need to......i really need a pee”

“oh....well like I said it shouldn't be too long now”

“is there any way I could go use the bathroom in my house, it will only take a couple of minutes”

“unfortunately I can't, if you were to leave now it would be looked up on that you were refusing to give a sample of breath and I would have to arrest you so you will just have to sit tight for a few minutes”.

Easy for you to say she thought to herself, he wasn't the one on the verge of having a huge pee accident. She squirmed around like mad and suddenly she felt a little drip escape past her pee hole and dampen the crotch of her knickers. She longed to press her hand against her pee hole but her skirt was too tight for her to do so so she had to squeeze her legs tightly shut in the hope of clamping the hole shut. On top of that her skirt was pressing hard into her bladder making it so much harder to hold and resolved if she didn't do something it would be her downfall. She reached to the side of her skirt and slowly pulled the zip down loosening the waistband.

A huge pressure was lifted from her bladder and it felt a little easier to hold....only a little though, she was still bursting. Another small drip escaped.....and another. She could feel them squeezing past her pee hole and dampening the crotch of her knickers. A light appeared at the end of the street and got closer. A police car pulled up at the side of the car and two policemen got out and walked over to the car and handed over the breathalyser. The officer in the front seat took it and set it up.

“right, I need you to blow into the tube until I say stop”. She leant forward and as she did it pressed on her bladder causing a small leak to shoot into her knickers. She winced and wrapped her lips around the tube and blew.

“keep going....keep going....keep going......stop”. He took the machine away and waited for the result. A couple of seconds later the machine beeped and he said “okay you scored 31, the legal limit is 35 so you are under”. She sighed a breath of relief, if she had being over she knew she would have definitely not have made it to police station without soaking herself.

“Sorry for the inconvenience” he said “but you understand we have to follow up on these tip off's as drink driving is something we are trying to clamp down on”.

“yeah yeah I understand, you are just doing your job, please can I go now, I really do need to pee and if I stay in your car much longer its going to get wet”.

“Oh yeah, hang on”. He got out and walked round to open her door. She suddenly realised her skirt was open and if she stood up it would fall down. She pulled the zip up which put pressure back on her bladder and she winced in pain. God she had to pee. He opened the door and she stood up and as she did a leak shot into her knickers and she gasped. He looked at her concerned and she said “just a bit cold”. He nodded and said “have a good night” and walked back round and got in the car and drove off. The moment he got out of sight she broke out into a spectacular pee dance. She darted up her garden path towards her door and when she got there she opened her bag to get her keys.

God where were they, she fished around in her bag all the while bouncing and dancing on the spot desperately trying not to burst. She could not find them and at first had the horrifying thought that she had lost them at the pub but then realised in her haste to get out of the car earlier they must have fallen out. She hobbled down the path to her car and there they were on the passenger seat. She bent down to pick them up and as she did a huge leak sprayed into her knickers. She gasped out loud, she couldn't wet herself now, not after holding it for so long. She raced back to her door and after fumbling with the keys finally opened the door. She fell through it and as she did a spurt shot into her knickers and soaked through to her skirt.

She kicked off her shoes and set off up the stairs. She was starting to lose it, she could feel spurts bursting past her pee hole and starting to run down her legs. She reached the top of the stairs and ran towards the bathroom. She burst through the door and the moment her eyes landed on the toilet she felt it. Her muscles relaxed and the pee started to trickle out. She could feel it thundering down towards her pee hole and knew this was it. She didn't have time to take her skirt off, she didn't have time to get her knickers down. She was about to wet herself. She made a quick decision and jumped into the bath tub. Just as she did her pee hole erupted and the contents of her bladder came flooding out soaking her knickers and skirt instantly. She sighed in relief as the pressure she had been feeling for ages lifted. It felt wonderful.

She got lost in the feeling. This was without doubt the best pee she had ever had. Eventually the stream slowed down and slowly came to a stop. She looked down. Her skirt was wet through, her legs were dripping with pee, her socks were soaked through. She couldn't believe it, there she was, 27 years old woman who had just wet herself like a little girl. Yet there was something wrong....she was a 27 year old woman who had just wet herself like a little girl yet she didn't feel a shred of embarrassment or annoyance at the fact. In fact she felt amazing. She felt the unmistakeable warm tingly feeling of arousal in her pussy. Why was she turned on, she couldn't work it out. She should have felt embarrassed about having an accident but she didn't. She felt turned on....more turned on than she had felt for a long time.

She slid her skirt off and tossed it to the bottom of the bath. She looked round and caught sight of herself in the mirror. She looked at herself standing in her pee soaked knickers and as she did she felt her pussy quiver with excitement. The more she looked the more excited she got. She didn't know why, she didn't even care why, all she knew was it felt amazing to be so insanely horny. She couldn't help it any longer. Her hand slid down and pressed against her clit through her wet knickers. A jolt of pleasure shot through her. She rubbed against it and the feeling was incredible. Within a few seconds of rubbing she was on the edge of orgasm. She was unsure what was happening but just went with it.

She thought about how she had almost wet her knickers in the back of the police car and imagined if she had done.....for some reason she imagined bursting and the police officer getting angry and punishing her for being so naughty. That thought sent her over the edge. Her orgasm hit her so hard and she slid down the wall as her legs gave way beneath her. She laid there in post orgasmic bliss. She had never had an orgasm like that before. She was shocked at her own mind, she was normally so shy about sexual things but suddenly she was imagining being spanked by a police officer for wetting her knickers. She had no idea what had caused that but knew she had to feel it again.

She ran herself a bubble bath and had a nice long soak. By the time she got out and dried off her bladder had filled up again. She looked at the toilet but decided to experiment. She went and put her Pyjama bottoms on and drank some water. Before long she was dancing around her bedroom in utter desperation. She had never had to pee so bad before in her life. She kept thinking about going to the toilet but told herself to keep holding. It was starting to hurt but this pain was different, the more her bladder hurt the more turned on she felt. Her bladder was pushing down onto her g-spot and making her horny as hell. She wanted this feeling to last forever but before long she started leaking. She did everything to keep holding but eventually she exploded and soaked her pyjama bottoms in pee. The feeling of being so naughty and peeing herself was turning her on immensely. She threw herself onto her bed and played with herself in her wet pyjamas and had countless unbelievable orgasms.

The next thing she knew the room was filled with light. She opened her eyes and saw daylight pouring in through the window. She glanced at the clock and saw it was 9:22. She moved to get up and suddenly noticed her pants felt damp....then she remembered, she must have passed out from pleasure. She had no idea where she would go with this new discovery, she just knew the feelings it gave where like nothing she felt before and from here on out she would be Amy Stephenson, the girl who pee's herself for pleasure.

FIN

Hope you guys enjoyed, let me know what you think, if you think its good I might write some more fiction because I enjoyed writing this.

Gemmy xx

*002*2014-10-12 21:31

{{:

I really liked this story personally, especially where she realised she liked it towards the end and I'd love to see more stuff written :)

}}

Thanks :) I'm glad you enjoyed it, I have a vivid imagination so I'm sure I will write some more stuff soon :)

