Ayla’s full painfully pleasant bladder

Author: Lala123

*000*2023-10-24 20:26

As the hours dragged on, the Ayla's ordeal of holding her bladder had become an agonizing test of endurance. The lower abdomen throbbed with relentless pressure, every muscle in the area taut and aching. It was as though a vice grip held her firmly, and with each passing moment, the intensity of discomfort grew. The muscles around her bladder protested, sending sharp, cramping waves of pain through her lower pelvis. Her back, too, bore the strain, feeling tense and uncomfortable as if it were struggling to support the weight of her distended bladder.

Every step she took was an exercise in willpower, every movement a careful calculation to avoid triggering the release she so desperately wanted to avoid. The pain, a persistent reminder of her predicament, seemed to radiate from her core, extending to her thighs and hips. She could practically feel her entire body urging her to seek relief, yet her determination to hold on was unwavering. She coudn’t give up. The sensation was both a test of physical endurance and a profound lesson in self-control. She never felt so much pressure, so much burning between her legs, but the weirdest part was that although every aching muscle she kinda like the feeling. It was so oddly pleasant and it was giving her confidence….. she is a strong woman, she is not controlled by her bodily needs…

To be continued…(maybe xD)

*005*2023-12-30 21:13

Hey guys, thank you for all the positive feedback and here is PART 2:

With each passing moment, the Ayla's determination to hold on grew stronger, even as the physical sensations became more unbearable. Her mind became a fortress of willpower, her focus unwavering, and her body a testament to resilience.

Her bladder, aching and full, seemed to throb with a life of its own, demanding release. The muscles around it, once tense and painful, were now practically quivering, every fiber straining to maintain control.

Her thighs and hips had grown tense, working in unison to keep what felt like liters in her bladder from escaping. Every movement, every shift of her weight, was a delicate dance between discomfort and control. The act of holding on, despite the mounting agony, became a symbol of her tenacity, and she found a peculiar strength in her ability to endure. She couldn't remember a time when she had faced such a formidable challenge. It felt as though her bladder was pushing against the limits of its capacity, sending urgent signals to her brain through the nerves between her legs.

In the midst of this struggle, her mind was a battleground of determination and desire. She was committed to holding on, to proving to herself that she could endure this test.

The seconds turned into minutes, and the minutes into what felt like hours. She couldn't help but wonder how much longer she could hold out against this natural human need which she kept constantly postponing. Yet, with each passing moment, she found a pleasure in this situation.

Even when every muscle and nerve in her body seemed to scream for release she enjoyed it. She would never assume that but she enjoyed this moment of desperation. She was so oddly excited, maybe even horny?

The pain and discomfort had reached a level she had never imagined. Sharp cramps radiated through her lower pelvis in waves, like electric jolts that shot through her core. Her thighs and hips felt as though they were wound as tightly as a coiled spring, and her lower back, while still providing support, ached with the strain.

Ayla, instantly crossing her legs felt as though the battle between her mind and her body raged on. She yearned for release, for the sweet relief that lay just a few steps away.

Finally, as the clock ticked on, she reached her destination. With great effort and a rush of relief, she entered the restroom. The release she had longed for was sweet and satisfying, a physical and mental catharsis. The discomfort of the past hours faded as she felt the soothing rush of relief. She had never experienced such a strong stream rushing from between her legs.

In the end, she was proud of herself, of her discipline... and surprisingly was sure this was not the last time she was holding her pee...

