Any rules I should know about?

Author: cjm3rcl1n3

*000*2020-06-06 18:50

I have a multi-part story I wrote for someone else, but I don't know if it would be allowed, since the main character is a 12 y.o. boy, with flashbacks of his being 10. Masturbation, no sex, and wetting, in front of and with permission of his dad. Please let me know if this is allowed? I want to share it, but don't want it deleted for breaking any rules. Thanks!

*002*2020-06-09 22:37

{{On 6/8/2020 at 5:26 AM, Ishigreensa said:

We had a discussion on this very topic as of last year. Characters under the age of 16, I think it is, was deemed off limits for stories because some people feel that kids' experience do not belong on a page like this. For many of the community, this crosses a line. So, unless I am wrong, and they have changed the rules again, I would not ask on a forum like this where this message might be bypassed, but ask an administrator directly. No. I'm not an administrator. Just trying to help out before you decide to go ahead and post something that can get you in trouble with the site board.

Please ask Kirito or one of the helpful administrators about this directly and give them a couple of days. Most of them are helpful and want to get to everyone that emails them questions like this, but sometimes they do get swamped.

}}

Thanks for the help!

*006*2020-06-28 03:58

Thanks. Well, I guess I won't be posting my story, then. Shame, since it's decent. Thanks again!

