The Costume Party

Author: livingbylies

*000*2014-11-07 07:40

(Yes, I realize that this is super late. Shut up.)

Chapter 1

"Lemme see, already!"

"Be patient, okay? I'm still getting dressed."

"Well hurry up!" Molly complained, tired of waiting around in Sarah's cramped living room. The apartment wasn't huge and there was a bit of clutter, but it was still rather cozy and considering that Sarah was working her way towards a psych degree at a pretty high-end college, it was rather impressive. Besides, Molly was in no place to complain about any kind of mess: Her room back home was disorganized chaos, and it was all her parents could do to keep the rest of the house together.

Molly wasn't sure if it was miracle or random chance that she had met Sarah, but she was glad for it. Seeing as she was still just a senior in Highschool, barely old enough to buy a lottery ticket, making friends with a twenty three year old who lived in the coolest district in the city was like finding a unicorn. Plus, Sarah was great. She had a great sense of humor, gave Molly rides all the time since Molly's parents wouldn't let her buy a car, and whenever Molly needed some space Sarah was more than willing to let her come by and relax for a while. They'd only known each other for a couple months, but so far they had hit it off.

It had been a couple weeks ago when Sarah mentioned the idea of a tandem halloween costume. The way she told Molly, there was a halloween party coming up with a couples contest, and she wanted Molly to come with her. Not as a date, just friends of course, but Sarah had always wanted to go with a matched costume with someone else to a party. Once she promised to make the costumes herself and pay the cost for the tickets, Molly was in.

And now, she was sitting in Sarah's living room, still completely in the dark as to what Sarah had in mind. She took a drink of her fizzy grape soda, (Sarah had been admant that Molly wouldn't get alcohol from her until she was twenty one,) Until, finally, Sarah opened the bedroom door and stepped out, arms in the air. "Not bad, right?" She asked, grinning.

It took Molly a moment to analyze the costume. The older girl was wearing a pair of denim overalls and a plain tee-shirt, fairly standard (if unstylish) clothes. She was carrying a largish bag, her hair looked totally frazzled, and a bit of makeup was on her face to give her the look of someone who hadn't slept in a week. There was a yellowish stain on her shirt below her left shoulder, and in her hand she held a thin, wide book with a colorful cover. "Uh... I don't get it," she said finally, unsure what she was seeing. "Can I get a hint?"

Sarah shook her head. "You've got to guess," she insisted. "But, here... Let's see if it helps to see your costume first." She turned back, grabbing a box that had been sitting on her bed, tossing it to Molly.

Opening it curiously, Molly was hit by a barrage of pink. Inside was a lacy dress that was practically glowing pink it was such a vivid shade. Sitting on top of it was a matching bonnet, and tied to a blue ribbon was a largish pacifier that looked like it would gag Molly should she actually try and use it. There were some other bits and pieces to the costume, but what caught Molly's eye was the large, bulky disposable diaper tucked away beneath the dress.

"You've got to be kidding me," she said, after a second. "I'm going as a baby?"

"And I'm your babysitter!" Sarah giggled, grinning broadly. "Isn't it great?"

Molly had to look at Sarah's costume again, but it made sense now. The weird stain was spit-up, that was a diaper bag around her shoulder, that must be a storybook. She considered it for a moment, and then shrugged. "Uh, sure, but what if I need to use the bathroom?"

Sarah rolled her eyes. "You use the bathroom. The tapes on that diaper are reusable as long as they don't get wet, I made sure." She sat down next to Molly, clearly excited.

Ever the skeptic, though, (And not entirely excited about this choice of costume,) Molly asked, "And what if water gets spilled on me or whatever?"

Again, Sarah had a contingency plan. "I bought a pair of plastic pants to go over the diaper. The only way those tapes are getting wet is if you decide to try method acting." She giggled again, and Molly frowned.

"I dunno..." She said, skeptically. It was just a costume, but she still would be a bit embarassed to be seen prancing around in a diaper for the first time since she was an infant.

Sarah's smile flickered. "C'mon, Molly!" She said, in protest. "The costume would look adorable on you! Besides, I don't have another set of costumes, so if you don't wear it I'll just be the crazy girl with the diaper bag. Please?"

Molly sighed. It wasn't ideal, but Sarah had been a pretty great friend in the past, and Molly decided she could handle a slightly embarassing halloween costume for a night if that's what it took. "Fine," Molly conceded after a brief pause. "But if we do this next year we're going as something cooler, okay?" Sarah grinned.

"Awesome. This is going to be great!" Sarah picked the diaper up from the box, beaming at her highschool-age friend. "Do you need help getting dressed?"

Molly blushed, snatching the diaper from Sarah's hands. "I can handle it myself, thank you very much," she said, not quite willing to let someone else put her in a diaper. Walking to the bathroom, she kicked off her shoes, dropped her pants, and removed her panties before unfolding the diaper.

It was thicker than she had originally realized, almost four inches at the crotch, and she realized that once it was taped up it would go to almost her belly button. Molly suspected that Sarah had bought the bulkiest brand she could find to help sell the costume, but either way the result was the same: The diaper was massive. Leaning against the bathroom wall, Molly tried to pull the diaper up between her legs to tape it in place. She lost balance, though, trying to spread her legs enough to get the bulk of the diaper between them, and she slipped down to the floor, landing with an uncomfortable 'thud.' Adding insult to injury, the tapes of the diaper had gotten all stuck together, and try as she might Molly couldn't get them unstuck.

Admitting defeat, she pulled her jeans on quickly and peeked out the bathroom door. "I, uh... Kinda screwed it up. Do you have tape or something?"

"What is it?" Sarah asked, looking up from the couch.

"The tapes got all stuck together when I tried to put on the diaper." She blushed a little in spite of herself, just from talking about it.

Sarah rolled her eyes again, getting up. "I have a whole pack," she said, "They only came in bulk, so I've got thirty-five left. Gimme a second." Molly waited in the bathroom doorway for a moment before Sarah returned with another diaper, tossing it to Molly.

This time, Molly put the diaper on backwards, and when she tried to just pull it down and put it on facing forwards like you would with underwear, she ripped the elastic. Trying a third time with a third diaper, the tapes got bunched up on themselves. On the fourth try she got it right, though, much to her relief: Sarah had been threatening to come in and do it herself if Molly screwed up again.

The rest of the costume required assistance. Molly was able to tug the plastic pants over the diaper and button them in place, but the ridiculously girly dress had a zipper in the back that she couldn't reach, and with the frills on the skirt of the dress getting in the way, she had trouble pulling the white stockings all the way up. Molly didn't need help tying her bonnet in place or pinning the pacifier ribbon to the dress, of course, but at this point Sarah insisted since she had done pretty much the rest of the costume. Finally, buckling on a white pair of Mary Janes, Sarah spun Molly to look in the mirror.

The costume was excellent, to say the least. It was obvious what she was supposed to be without being tacky, cute without beeing cheesy. The diaper wasn't actually visible as long as Molly stood still, but there was an obvious bulk beneath the skirt of her bright pink outfit, and if she moved much or walked at all, the material would sway up and reveal the diaper beneath. And, with everything there, Sarah's costume became a lot more obvious too.

"As much as I hate to admit it," Molly said finally, inspecting herself in the mirror. "This costume looks pretty great, Sarah."

Sarah nodded happily. "Thanks," she said. "Now, the party doesn't start for like two hours, but do you want to- Are you going to get that?" Molly's phone had started buzzing in her jeans, which were lying on the floor.

Looking down, Molly nodded and bent to pick up the phone, her diaper crinkling loudly as she did. She saw the caller ID, and looked up at Sarah. "It's Mike," She said, annoyed. Mike was a mutual friend of theirs, (In fact, the one who had introduced them,) but also Molly's boss at a greasy diner nearby. Molly had asked Halloween off, of course, but he was notorious for calling people in anyways.

Molly answered the phone, saying, "Yeah, Mike?"

"Molly!" He exclaimed. "I'm glad I got through, look, I- Order for table six! Yeah, anyways, Pete just threw up out back and I need someone to come replace him. Can you come in to wait tables for, like, three hours?"

Molly scowled. "Mike, you know I asked off for-"

"For Halloween, I know. I hate to ask it, but you're the only person answering their phone and we're swamped down here. Please? It's just until the dinner shift starts, then you're cut." Molly could hear the clammer of a busy kitchen in the background as Mike was no doubt scurrying about to keep things running.

"I just got dressed up for a halloween party, Mike," Molly complained.

"Are you wearing anything inappropriate?"

"If I were, I wouldn't tell you."

"Will it keep you from serving tables?"

"I guess not."

"Then wear the costume. Our cashier's already dressed up like a vampire, you'll just be in the spirit of things."

"Mike, I never said I can make it."

"Can you?"

"I guess..."

"You're an angel. Gotta go!"

Molly hung up, glowering at the phone, and Sarah picked up where the phone conversation had left off. "Need a ride to work?" She asked, sounding a little disappointed.

"Yeah..." Molly said, "But it's only for a few hours, and then we can still make the party. Sorry, but-"

"Mike's an asshole, I know. It's no problem, I'll just watch a movie or something and pick you up afterwards, okay?"

Molly nodded, grabbing her purse from the table. "Sounds good."

Chapter 2

Molly was dropped off on the sidewalk right in front of the diner, leaving her to waddle inside. She hadn't quite got the hang of walking with the bulk between her legs, giving her a toddler-ish gait that accompanied her costume quite well. She got a few looks, but since half the people at the diner were in costume as well, it wasn't that bad.

Running to the back to find Mike and clock in, she caught him working the grill with the radio turned all the way up. "Mike," she said, but he didn't answer, focused on calling out an order while getting three more ready to go. "Mike!" Once again, no answer. "MIKE!" She was practically screaming at this point to get his attention, and he finally looked up and noticed Molly. A second went by as he stared at her, processing the costume, and then he burst out laughing. Molly punched him.

"Jeez, Molly, you know there are labor laws for hiring minors right? I don't wanna go to jail!" He teased. She rolled her eyes in response, trying to decide if she should punch him again.

"You're the one who called me in last second, so shut up unless you want me to turn right around and walk back out," Molly replied, not wanting to make a big deal out of it.

Mike smirked as he dished up a burger onto a plate and said, "Aw, now, don't throw a tantrum. Do you need a change?" Then, projecting to the front of house he called, "Order up!"

"Gimme that," Molly shot, grabbing the plate and checking the table number before running it out. They didn't run things by section, the diner wasn't big enough for that (Especially when there were only two waitresses running the entire floor,) so they just pooled them and split things evenly by the hour. Annoyed as she was, Molly had to admit that working a three-hour chunk out of one of the busiest nights of the year was going to be pretty lucrative.

Finding her customer, she hurried out to him, skirt flapping as she hurried and doing an excellent job of concealing nothing. Finding the right table, she dropped the food off for the couple both dressed as zombies.

"Nice costume," the guy said, eying her up and down. "Make it yourself?"

"Friend of mine," Molly replied. "But thanks. Can I get you anything else?"

"No, thanks." And so the night went. For the next couple hours, things were a blur of pleasentries, orders, greasy food on cheap plates, and learning to walk without looking like she was more used to crawling. A few people giggled, a handful even made teasing remarks, but most people just exchanged the usual halloween pleasentries and they went on their way. It was about an hour before her shift was up that she started experiencing a problem.

The other waitress, Nancy, had just clocked out and left the floor just to Molly for around half an hour before the next waitress came to clock in. It was bad form, but she had been a last minute replacement as well and had to leave to pick up her son from a halloween party. This would normally have been a bit hectic but not much of an issue, except one problem: Molly had to pee.

She had needed to go for the past hour or so, but since they were in a rush she hadn't paused to run to the bathroom, figuring that she could hold it until there was a lull. That lull had never come, though, and now her bladder was full to bursting and it was an act of willpower to keep from holding herself and sprinting to the bathroom.

"Mike, can you handle things for a second?" She asked, returning to the back to pick up another order. "I gotta take a leak."

"No can do, baby," Mike said, grinning at his own wordplay. "I'm the only one back here. Look, Carol shows up in like twenty minutes, you're just gonna have to hold it."

Molly pouted and gave Mike a pleading look. "C'mon, I really gotta go."

"Sorry," Mike said again. "But seriously, twenty minutes and you're good."

Molly gave him one last look, but knew that arguing wouldn't get her anywhere. She grabbed the next couple of plates, running them out to the next table.

If anything, ironically, the diaper made it harder to stay dry. Normally in a situation like this she'd be holding her legs together and taking short steps to try and relieve some pressure, but with the bulk between her legs she was forced to take big, awkward steps with her legs spread apart, making the ordeal that much more frustrating. She was getting pretty desparate, but refused to even consider actually using the diaper. It was a halloween costume, for one, and she'd never live it down if anyone found out.

Still, as the seconds creeped by, she grew more and more desperate. She had started to shift her weight from foot to foot first, and soon that turned into a potty dance whenever she was at the back of house, away from the prying eyes of customers. Fifteen minutes in, she had stopped caring about the customers, too desperate to keep her diaper dry to care about looking silly. She hoped they would just think it was a joke, part of the costume, but by then she really didn't care. She was bursting to go, and by the time Carol showed up and clocked in she had started to dribble in the diaper, a small wet patch invisible to the outside but embarassing nonetheless.

"Carol, thank god," Molly said, seeing her walk in. Without waiting for a reply, she handed her a basket of fries, pointed, and said, "Table six, I have to pee." Then she practically sprinted to the bathroom, finally free to go.

Slamming the door shut behind her, she slid the lock and turned to the toilet as though it were a million dollars. Hopping from foot to foot, she bunched up her skirt, reaching for the buckles on the plastic pants. Being this close to a toilet somehow made her desperation worse, but she knew she had made it. Just a couple seconds, and she'd be ready to go. Yanking on the buckle, though... It didn't open. Her eyes went wide as she tried to tug the snap open, but for whatever reason it was stuck. She vaguely remembered Sarah saying something about there being a trick to it as she got into costume, but since Sarah had been the one to actually snap the plastic pants in place, Molly couldn't remember what it was. She yanked again, but all that accomplished was to stretch the plastic a bit, and the material snapped back into place as soon as she let go. Molly panicked, then, trying to figure out how to get the damned snaps off.

She didn't figure it out fast enough. Standing right next to the toilet, her bladder gave way and she flooded the diaper, completely losing control. She was too shocked to move, then, as she felt the hot pee fill the diaper, the absorbant material swelling slightly, getting heavy and sagging a bit between her legs. She just stared down, not really able to see the diaper too well beneath the skirt, but she could feel it and knew what was happening all the same.

It took more than a minute before she was done, but thanks in part to the plastic pants the diaper didn't leak. Even so, it had swollen in size, making the bulk between her legs that much more obvious, and even with the support from the plastic pants the diaper was sagging between her legs, feeling warm and damp and uncomfortable. Looking in the mirror, she saw that the white material had turned a bright yellow, and though the diaper already didn't smell great, there was a sharp and distinct smell of urine in the air.

She reached down with her hand, tugging at the waistband, just above where the tapes would be. The latch on the plastic pants popped open neatly, and they fell to the floor. Perfect.

She was about to yank of the diaper and figure out a way to throw it away without Mike finding it later when he took out the garbage, when she had a thought. If she took it off now, Sarah would definitely notice. Heck, half the cafe had seen her prancing around in it not five minutes ago, obviously needing a bathroom. If she came out now without a diaper to be seen around her waist, it'd pretty much be a confession as to what had happened. The other option was to leave it on, keep her skirt tugged down as far as possible, and hope nobody noticed until Sarah picked her up. Then, with a little luck, she could get Sarah to stop at her apartment and sneak a new diaper on before they went to the party.

It wasn't a plan she liked, but it would have to work. Bending over to pick up the plastic pants and hearing the now familiar crinkle accompanied by a sloppy wet noise, she blushed and tugged the plastic material up, snapping it in place over the swollen diaper, feeling the soaked padding squish against her skin as she tried to tug the diaper up as much as possible, to conceal it.

Bracing herself, then, she checked the mirror. It was still pretty obvious, but she hoped that was only because she was looking for it. After all, who in the diner would be staring at the ass of an attractive girl in her late teens while she waddled around in a revealing skirt?

Shit.

Chapter 3

Molly was standing on the curbside, waiting for Sarah to show up. The last half an hour of work hadn't been as bad as she had thought: If anyone noticed, nobody had said anything, or else they assumed it was just a part of the costume and not an *actual* wet diaper. Either way, mortified as she was, Molly had gotten through it. The smell of greasy food had done a good job covering the odor of stale urine, and her skirt had stayed tugged down as much as she could manage, so all in all she was optimistic about how things had gone.

Even so, she couldn't wait to get out of the diaper. She had tried sitting on the curb to wait, but when she did, the soaked diaper had squished and nearly started to leak when she sat. She was grateful for the plastic pants, then, even though it was because of them that she was in this mess in the first place. Plus, the only way to really sit comfortably left the skirt particularly vulnerable to being blown up by passing cars, exposing her sodden diaper to the world. So, she was standing.

Sarah pulled up before Molly could glower about her situation too much, though. She got in the passenger seat quickly, before Sarah would notice anything, and sat down as gingerly as she could without looking conspicious.

"How was work?" Sarah asked, putting her convertible into drive.

"Fine, I guess," Molly said, shrugging. "Hey, can we stop by your place on the way? I have to pee pretty bad and I didn't get a chance to at the resteraunt." Not the best excuse, but it was suitable enough.

"Actually, the party's closer anyways," Sarah replied, "So it'd be faster to head right there."

Molly tried not to let her disappointment show. If she asked to go to Sarah's apartment for some other reason, it'd be pretty obvious she was trying to pull a ruse, but if she didn't go there then she'd be stuck in the diaper all night. She just had to think, something clever, something that wouldn't be obvious, surely she could come up with a plan...

Five minutes later, they were at the party, and Molly's undergarments were still soaked and bulky. "This is gonna be great!"

The party, as it turned out, was in a house in a little neighborhood just near the city. It was a pretty nice neighborhood to be located so close to the close to downtown, and Molly felt a little out of place, but Sarah seemed pretty confident and so Molly followed in her footsteps.

Inside, it was pretty standard party fare. About twenty people were there so far, with all kinds of costumes. There were your usual outfits, a pair of vampires, a few zombies, four different guys dressed as The Joker, and then some different ones: Yin and Yang, (A white and a black jumpsuit, with contrasting dots sewed to the center,) Teddy Roosevelt and a teddy bear, even one couple dressed up as ninja pirates. The music was playing loud, the people were dancing hard, and there was a plethora of food and a keg of beer in the living room.

"You want to go grab some drinks while I go say hi to the host?" Sarah asked, talking loud over the sound of the music. Molly grinned, nodding.

"I'll see you in a second!" She yelled back, stepping over to the living room. In spite of the soaking diaper situation, she was still optimistic about the night. Hopefully after a few drinks, Sarah wouldn't be in any condition to be noticing the color of one's diaper, and with dance lights being the only thing illuminating most of the house, visibility would be on Molly's side. Grabbing two red cups from the table, she filled them both up with cheap beer and turned with a mild crinkle to find Sarah.

"Nice costume," said someone, a female voice.

"Huh?" Molly turned around to see who it was. Some couple dressed as Mario and Peach, apparently.

"I said I like your costume!" The girl, dressed as Mario, said loudly. "It's really great! Who're you with?"

"Sarah!" Molly said back, looking around until she saw Sarah, then pointing. "Guess what she's going as!"

The couple looked over, then the guy dressed as Princess Peach looked back at Molly and looked her up and down, smirking. "Babysitter?" He guessed. Molly nodded.

The girl dressed as Mario looked at Molly's costume again, lingering a bit around her waistline. "So you're Sarah's date then?" She asked, an amused expression on her face.

Molly almost had to laugh. "Not her date, just a friend! You know her?"

"We were in the same history class a couple years ago!" She said. She exchanged a look with her boyfriend, which left Molly a bit confused. The guy interjected. "We're gonna go say hi to some of our friends, but it's nice to meet you..."

"Molly!" Molly filled in.

"Nice to meet you, Molly! Good luck!" The two of them turned away, chuckling at a joke that Molly wasn't privy to. Deciding to puzzle it out later, she turned to head back to Sarah, who was now standing by the front window, reaching her after navigating a few dancing partygoers.

"Woo!" She cheered once she reached her 'Babysitter', holding up the beers like a pair of trophies. "I think this is gonna be awesome!"

Sarah took one look at Molly as she accepted the drink, and then reached out and took the second beer from Molly's other hand.

"Hey!" Molly protested.

"You're eighteen, Molly, not gonna happen. Here," Sarah reached down, setting down both beers on the window sill and digging through the diaper bag she wore around her shoulder.

"Oh, come on! It's not like you're actually buying me the beer!" Molly complained, idly curious as to what Sarah was looking for in her bag. "What's the big deal?"

"The big deal is that I brought you here, so you're my responsibility!" Sarah shouted back. "I'm not getting you arrested, Molly!"

"What are you, my mother?"

"No, I'm your babysitter!"

Molly was amused enough by that not to retort again, instead just smiling at the humor. Finally, Sarah found what she was looking for, pulling out two baby bottles. One was filled with a dark brown liquid, another bright pink. "I wasn't sure what you'd want. Coke, or a Shirley Temple?"

Now Molly laughed. "You really did think of everything, didn't you?" She asked Sarah, reaching for the coke.

Sarah grinned back. "What kind of sitter would I be if I made you go thirsty?" They both giggled.

Molly tried unscrewing the cap, Sarah reached over and stopped her. Rolling her eyes, Molly instead put the bottle to her lips and drank it the old fashioned way. She felt a bit silly, sitting there suckling on an oversized baby bottle, but she hadn't gotten a chance to drink anything at work, so she was pretty thirsty.

After sucking for a few seconds, though, she pulled the bottle away. "Eh, Sarah? This tastes weird," she said.

"Oh," Sarah said. "Yeah, I got the off-brand stuff, sorry. I was in a hurry, I just got whatever they had at the gas station." Molly nodded. She wished she could just finish the drink in one gulp, but the rubber nipple served to hinder that, and she ended up taking a couple minutes to finish it, between chit-chat with Sarah.

Once her drink was done, though, Sarah eagerly took Molly's hand and pulling her towards the open floor, where dancing was allegedly supposed to happen. "Come on!" She encouraged, even as Molly shook her head.

"I'm terrible at dancing! Besides, I'll probably trip over my own feet with this diaper making things awkward."

"That's no excuse!" Sarah called back. "Just one song, okay?" As she said it, the current song faded out and, of course, Micheal Jackson's 'Thriller' kicked in.

Molly gave in, having wanted to dance a little bit anyways. "Fine, but just one song!" She called back.

As it happened, she actually knew this dance pretty well. Most of it was a pretty easy dance, sure, but that still meant she was better off than she would have been with almost any other song. It was more fun that she had expected, too. Even with the diaper squishing between her legs every time she moved and with her skirt flapping up when she stepped too fast, she doubted anyone would notice. She was having a great time.

Then, about halfway through the song, (When the voiceover narration was kicking back in,) just as she was stomping the floor, she suddenly felt a huge cramp in her gut. It came out of nowhere: One moment she didn't have to go at all, the next she felt like she was about to explode. Panicking, she started to run from the dance floor to find a bathroom somewhere, but Sarah grabbed her hand and twirled her around, catching Molly before she could go anywhere.

"Hey there," Sarah said with a grin, pulling Molly close. "You're not going anywhere until the song is over!" Molly's eyes went wide.

"Sarah, I have to use the bathroom!" She shouted back, but Sarah barely seemed to be listening, still dancing, and not letting go of Molly's hands. In fact, she was tugging on Molly, forcing her to keep step at least a little bit, which agitated the sudden pressure that was building in her bowels.

"That's the lamest excuse ever!" Sarah shouted back. "C'mon, if you had to go that bad you would've gone already! You can wait four minutes!"

Molly started to shake her head, when another cramp hit her, harder than before. She nearly doubled over, straining to keep from losing control right there. Wetting the diaper was one thing, and even that was humiliating. If she actually used the diaper for this, well... Among other problems, there'd be no hiding it from Sarah. She tried to jerk her arm away again, but Sarah held tight. "Let me go!" Molly shouted.

"Not a chance!" Sarah shouted back.

"Please? I promise after this, I'll dance, like, six songs with you, just let me go!" Molly pleaded.

Sarah sighed. "Fine!" She said, letting go. "But I'm going to hold you to that!"

Molly nodded, barely taking time to reply before turning to sprint. "Thank you! I, uh, just... gotta go!" She stumbled away, almost falling when another cramp hit her. She couldn't believe this had happened so fast, completely out of the blue, but there was no denying it. Damn the diaper, damn the costume, damn everything: She had to find a bathroom, fast.

Bumping through partygoers, she checked around the kitchen, but found that while there was a bathroom, there was a line six people long. No good. Turning, she ran back, through the living room and up the stairs. Surely there had to be another bathroom available... Yes! Feeling a rush of relief, she ran in, slamming the door without hesitation, spinning around, and slipping on an old washcloth someone had left on the floor.

On a normal day, it would have been nothing. She would have just landed on her other foot, or perhaps caught herself with a hand, but today was not a normal day. Instead, with her legs splayed awkwardly from the bulk of the soggy diaper and her thoughts too focused on finding a toilet to be considering much else, she just fell. Hard. She landed with a thud, and for the second time in as many hours she was using her diaper within a couple feet of a toilet.

It all came out in a rush. One moment, the material was merely wet, the next moment, a load of sticky, smelly mush was filling the seat of the diaper. Even when she tried to stop she couldn't, and within seconds she was empty, the diaper now swollen further, and with a plainly visible brown lump formed on her diaper. Too stunned to do much, Molly just got to her feet. Now more than ever, her legs were spread awkwardly apart, with the extra mass from the mess in her diaper adding a little bulk. Mostly, though, she just kept her legs spread apart on purpose because when she started to close them, the mess squished up between her thighs, making it that much worse.

She heard a knock on the door, and only then realized she hadn't locked it. Spinning again and nearly falling on her ass, she saw who it was: Sarah.

Even if the room hadn't stunk of a dirty diaper, even if her diaper hadn't been sagging well below the bottom of her skirt due to the extra weight, Molly's expression said everything. Nearly at tears, she stammered, "I- I... I h-had an accident..."

She didn't know what else to say. Instead of a response, though, Sarah just reached forward, pulling Molly into a hug, closing the door behind her. She held Molly, patting her back to calm the highschool-aged girl in the dirty diaper, waiting several moments before she quietly said, "Molly, it's okay. Shh... Molly, calm down." There was a pause, and Molly sniffled. "Molly... Did you really think I didn't notice your accident the moment I picked you up from work?"

It took a second for her words to register, and then Molly froze. Her back stiffened, and she started to pull away, but Sarah held her tight. "Let me go," Molly said.

"Not a chance," Sarah replied. "Unless you want everyone you know to find out about this, and for your parents to find out about your getting drunk at this party."

Molly really didn't know what to say now, except, "B-but... I didn't drink. You wouldn't let me."

Sarah smiled, now more sinister than happy. "Ah, but the photos of you with a couple of beers would imply otherwise, wouldn't they?" Molly's eyes went wide in shock, almost terror. If her parents found out about this, they'd probably ground her until she turned twenty one, even without hearing of the dirty diaper currently taped around her waist. Knowing that she had her, Sarah continued. "Now here is what's going to happen..." She leaned in close now, almost whispering. "You're going to take your smelly butt back down stairs, have a couple more drinks, and see about those half-dozen songs you promised me. Then, after we win the costume contest, I'll drive you to my place and get you changed into a nice, clean diaper. And if you raise a fuss, I won't hesitate to pull you over my knee and give you a spanking, downstairs, at my place, on the way home, dirty diaper or no. Am I clear?" Getting no response, she finally let go of Molly. "That's a good girl. Happy halloween."

*002*2014-11-07 23:58

{{:

Amazing.

}}

Glad you think so, since I'm considering doing a psuedo-interactive sequel.

