Lucy's Diary - Page 2

Author: Piddly

*028*2019-10-05 15:06

I'm very mindful of remaining respectful towards Maki and this site, and the last thing I want to do is draw traffic away from here - I enjoy being around here, I enjoy much of the content and of course I love the debate and the many and varied opinions and points of view which are put across so eloquently (or, not so, in some cases ), so I'll be sticking around - although I've put too much of my life into this story over the past few months to let it die, so as promised I've found a workable solution moving forward.

With all of this in mind, and given this thread was itself a spin-off from the original story thread for The Forgotten Homework, I'm going to post this link just once in here, as it's probably got the best chance of being seen by those with an interest in following the story without needlessly taking others away from here. If you'd like to follow the story's progress, please bookmark this link, as other than maybe adding it to my profile I don't intend to spam these forums by sharing it again.

The story, once an archive of it has been retrieved, will be hosted on it's own website at http://www.theforgottenhomework.co.uk

I'm also going to ask @Maki to lock this thread to further replies, to prevent discussion of what is no longer a permitted story/subject, as otherwise this will no doubt drag on ad infinitum, and I'm sure both they and Kozmo have far better things to do than dealing with all of the unnecessary reports such a continued discussion would no doubt elicit.

Hope that's ok with you guys?

With regard to a potential spin-off/time-skip type story, leave that with me...I like that idea.

*029*2019-10-05 20:06

Ok, so it's a little rough around the edges, but the story website is now live.

Just jumping in quickly before this thread is closed...from now on, any discussion of the story should be directly on the site please (there's an option to comment underneath each chapter, as well as a 'clap' button to replace the upvote.

Please bare with me, it's going to take a lot of time to copy across the chapters I do have - and then it may be a while longer before we have the rest, and Lucy's little interludes etc. once I've heard whether they can be exported and sent to me.

Once this thread is locked, you'll have to keep an eye on the site for new chapters. I may pop a status update up and a quick mention on Discord when 'new' new chapters are added eventually, but that will be a while down the line, there will be a few weeks work involved in getting it all migrated across and looking half presentable.

*031*2019-10-10 22:47

Ok, I've finished uploading the first two parts of this onto it's new website, and as it seems I now have the ability myself (a perk of becoming a 'Respected Member' I guess?) I'm going to go ahead and lock this now.

For those who enjoy my style of writing and want to keep reading it here rather than elsewhere, you can find my latest new attempt at a story below - In The Saddle.

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/53366-in-the-saddle/?do=embed"

