Story of a woman's awakening

Author: RNSL81

*008*2019-06-08 02:11

Hey everyone. I feel relay happy that I have gotten the positive comments. Part three was originally going to be a single chapter but as I wrote it, ended up being one and a half. Ish. Its only wetting and its toward then end but I felt that it was important to fully establish quite a lot of things so, although both parts are fairly short and, I feel, quite story heavy, I feel that they will let me move on and have fun with the later chapters. Even as I wrote this several more occurred to me. Shared wetting of diapers at 35 meters and in a dry suit anyone?

As before, would love to get any feedback or constructive criticism. Message me or let me know in the comments.

Part 3. Homeward bound.

“WHATS GOING ON HERE!”

Sam and I froze as the shout shocked us to the core. A torch beam spit the darkness cast by the shadow of the moonlit church as a man moved into view around its side.

“What in the hell is this then?” he asked quietly as he moved towards us taking in the scene. Sam now hugging as close to me as she could trying to hide herself, jeans dark with her pee, Me in clearly soaked jeans and polo, both of us still steaming gently in the cold air.

“Um” I started, not sure how to even begin explaining things to this guy. Then I took a real look at him. High-vis vest, radio, cap. Oh. A cop. The future suddenly looked considerably less pleasurable. “I swear we weren’t having sex in public” I blurted out. Sam squeaked against my chest as it hit her as well that that could be a real crime. “We were making out and got a bit carried away and had a little accident in the moment. We weren’t exposing ourselves or doing anything or…or….” I was babbling now, trying to figure out how the hell we were going to get out of this.

A sigh from the cop cut me off. His torch lowered and his head slumped. “Bloody tourists.” was his long-suffering sounding response. He looked up. “Let me guess. You’re hear on a holiday and thought that this was the perfect time to play out your little watersports fantasy?”

“No officer” was my quiet reply. “Were over in Stromness on a diving course” I turned to face him fully and allowed Sam to slide behind me and hide herself. As her head rested between my shoulder blades I heard a sob from behind me and realised just how humiliated and upset she was. After all. I was burning red with shame and felt like crying myself. The officer squinted at me.

“At the uni labs? The commercial course” I nodded, staring down at me feet. “I should have known.” He switched off the torch now, sliding it into a loop on his belt. “And so what do you plan on doing now then? I know all the taxi drivers and none of them are taking you in that state.” Still not looking at him I shrugged. I had actually been wondering that exact issue myself. Another sigh. “You have a room in town to shower and change in. Or shag in as I guess that’s the ultimate objective of the night?” As I shook my head a deep sniffle behind me mirrored my own thoughts. That was the plan for the evening. Was.

For what seemed like an eternity the cop stared at the two of us, taking in the drenched clothes, my own obvious embarrassment and Sam’s fear, hiding behind me. One final, long sigh.

”OK then. Come on with me. My car has plastic covers in the back. A bit of wee won’t hurt them, they’ve seen worse. And plenty of the same as well. I can take you back through to Stromness and drop you wherever you’re staying.” He turned away from us, heading back to the corner of the church. Sensing our obvious reluctance to follow he turned back. “You two are not getting a better deal than that. No charges, criminal or financial, no arrests for…public order. No-one has to find out. I can see how upset you both are so maybe this did just get away from you both. It’s up to you.”

I gently turned around to Sam. She looked as red and upset as I felt. She gazed up at me then nodded wordlessly. I turned away, taking her hand in mine and led her after the cop. We quickly caught up and he led us to the path and along the front of the church. Luckily the streets were deserted and, in the dim light of the street lights, you had to look close to see what we had been up to. Parked about twenty meters away was a small cop car. Not one of the big estates or 4x4s, just a local beat cops squad car. As we approached he pulled out his keys and unlocked the car. Before he climbed in he turned to us.

“Scot” He said.

“Stuart and Samantha.”

“OK. Hop in then. It’s about 30 minutes. I’d appreciate it if you two just sat quietly and didn’t get up to any further hanky panky in the back. And if you need to go again, then please let me know. A little transfer off your clothes is one thing, a puddle in the back is another.”

“Thank you Scot” Sam finally spoke up. “I now this must be a hassle for you and I…We really do appreciate it. I had no idea what we were going to do. I never really thought.”

“Well,” he replied as we climbed into the car. “I guess given that you both look a little drunk that you got too carried away. Honestly, from you lot out of the uni this isn’t the worst you lot have behaved. Maybe not this years class, yet, but previous years have caused issues. This wee car has seen a grand slam in the back. That was a hassle to clean up. Five minutes with a damp cloth and the car will be as good as new from you two. Where you heading to by the way?” I looked at Sam again as the car set off. She gazed into my eyes, clearly overcoming the embarrassment of being caught now that the world wasn’t ending. She suddenly looked away shyly. She told Scot her address and settled down and snuggled into me. She giggled lightly.

“Wee car.” She managed to get out between giggles. I groaned as she took a deep breath to steady herself. She might have been close to a bit hysterical.

Your all damp” she whispered to me

“And who’s fault is that?” Another giggle.

“Sorry. I guess we did get a little carried away. You still want to come back to mine” My heart broke slightly at the vulnerability in that last question. I pulled her into a hug.

“Yes babe. I would still love to come round. If you still want me.” She squeezed me tightly and I felt her nod. “In that case I’m sure you’ve boasted about how good your shower in the house is. And I believe Rob’s cousin is out at her boyfriends so we have it to ourselves. A nice long shower to clean up and sober up a bit more then we’ll see what happens next.”

The remainder of the car ride was made in total silence. It was a little uncomfortable but Sam and I just cuddled in the back and, as we weren’t getting up to anything more, Scot seemed content to just let us be. As we got closer to Stromness I started to get quite cold. Scot had the window down (probably a sensible option to stop the car filing with the smell of our “accident”). Our clothing had cooled and Sam shivered against me. I squeezed her tighter and rubbed her arm and shoulder.

She looked up to me again and from a slight smile and wiggle of her hips and rub of her thighs I realised that she was starting to feel the continuing effects of the fluids we had drank again. As I realised that I realised I was the same. Not desperate, but thanks to the booze, the orgasm and the cold, I was starting to get quite full enough. To my relief thought, the lights of Stromness were just around the next bend. After only a few more minutes we pulled up outside Sam’s house. After we climbed out, slightly unsure what to do now, Scot leaned out of the window.

“Right you two. Don’t worry about the back, I’m heading back to the office, I’ll wipe the car down there. Just do me a favour. Don’t do this again. You will not get a repeat of my generosity. I advise planning ahead. And for advice, the Golden Rooms B and B has excellent service and doesn’t sweat the little things like an accident. It’s rooms live up to the name if you catch my drift.” A massive wink from Scot as he rolled up the window and started to pull away left us blown away, gaping after him in the street.

“Did he….” stammered Samantha. “Did he?”

“Well. Watersports is more mainstream than people might think. It certainly sound like he speaks from experience.” We gazed into each other’s eyes again. “Shall we?”

“Yes. I’m fucking freezing now”

“So I can see” At my reply she rubbed her own breasts, giving her hard nipples a squeeze between her fingers. Moaning slightly, it was clear that the night was hopefully just getting started.

She jumped past me suddenly with a jumpy energy, skipping up the stairs leading up to the door of her house. Keys quickly in hand she pulled open the door and turned to me. As I followed her up she bowed me into the hallway. The stairs led to the second floor before me and an open door to the right led to the living room. Down the hall was the kitchen. The lights were all off and the house silent confirming that we had the place to ourselves. A wall clock showed it wasn’t even half past ten. After shutting and locking the door behind me she spoke up.

“So…. I need a little wee again. I guess you do too?” I nodded at her questing. A slightly forced cheeky grin lit up her face. “Sooooo. In that case I have a proposal. In town I may have soaked your top just a little bit. How about you return the favour? I’m a little afraid that my poor white shirt won’t hid anything once it gets wet but it seems fair to me.” I groaned at the mental image that conjured up. He dark red bra suddenly on show under the shear wet top. Her tight stomach, hot pee running down it, down her hips and thighs. I was already hard in my jeans.

She easily saw the bulge. Hesitating only slightly she continued “That’s clearly a yes then. Come on. Shower. The cubicle is huge. More than enough room for two. I have some nice thick towels on the heated rack and the heating on in my room. A nice double bed. That already has a waterproof mattress protector. And a supply of…” She turned bright red again and looked down, suddenly unable to contain the uneasiness that had been building since our exit of the car. “Condoms” she whispered. I smiled and pulled her into another hug. We kissed for the first time since the church. It went on for a long time. Eventually we parted.

“Sam,” I started gently. “We don’t need to rush this. I feel nervous already and it’s not my first time. It’s defiantly the first time I’ve felt like this though and I want it to be perfect for us both. If you want to slow things down, especially after what happened in town, especially as we’re both still a little drunk I totally understand. Even if we just end up having a kiss and a cuddle and I head out for now or we settle down into bed to sleep without going any further. I get it. I want this to be special for you. For you not to regret this in any way.

Even as I spoke, I could see her tear up. As I continued, she leaned into another embrace. Another sniffle came from my chest. For a few minutes we stood like that. One arm wrapped around her back, the other stroking her hair. Her head resting on my chest, arms around my waist. Suddenly her arms tightened around me.

“If I want to have a shower on my own and get into my jammies, can I lend you some shorts and you can sleep with me in the bed? I’ll throw your clothes in the washer/drier before we do. I just want…. Just want this to be right. I want this but….”

I hugged her tighter as I answered

“Of course. I’d love to spend the night. And I’m totally ok with that plan. If you throw me a towel and your wet clothes, I can figure out the washing machine and get it running while you shower. I’ll join you when I’m showered up as well. We can snuggle. I’d like that.” When I finished speaking she looked up at me. As I was expecting there were tears running down her cheeks. She smiled up to me and despite the tears her beauty once again took my breath.

“Thank you. Thank you. I’ll go and get everything sorted. I’ll put my stuff in a basket and leave it outside with a towel. The washing powder is under the sink. I….” She leaned into another hug. “Thank you.”

Three quarters of an hour later, clean and dry from the shower and in a pair of borrowed purple sleeping shorts I quietly knocked on her bedroom door. At her muffled invitation, I slipped into the room. A small lamp on the bedside table was the only light source. She was lying in her double bed under a thin looking duvet. Simple light blue bedding looked soft and inviting. All that was visible of Sam was her face framed by her beautiful hair spread over the pillows. Her fingers clutched at the duvet. I saw her shuffle slightly and the covers raised. Underneath, Sam was dressed in simple white satin pyjamas. They clung to her curves and for a second or two my passion flared. She was more beautiful than ever in that moment. The simple white fabric accenting her smooth, pale skin and her black hair.

The space she left was inviting. I crossed over to the bed. Her eyes went wide at the bulge in my shorts from the overall effect of her beauty but she never said anything and I made no effort to drive the moment to anything further. I simply slid down beside her and let the covers flop over me. She pulled me against her and wrapped her limbs around my body but there was nothing sexual about it, even as we ourselves pressed against each other in the most exciting way. She seemed to melt into me and sighed as the tension of the whole night seemed to leave her.

After a while I rolled over slightly and turned off the light. She rolled over as well, facing away from me and letting me wrap her up this time. Slowly, her breathing steadied and a could tell she was drifting off. I wasn’t far behind, smiling as I considered everything that had happened that day, taking in the sent of her, feeling her warmth against me. As I drifted into oblivion, I knew one thing. I was in love. This was something truly special.

Part 3.5 - The Morning After

I was drifting in a fluffy cloud, flying lightly along. Warm, calm contented. Apart from a niggly little itch. On my side. But it wasn’t an itch. It was a tickle. And it was getting worse. Suddenly I snapped awake as the tickle turned to a pinch.

“Whazzzt!” I mumbled, not quite sure where I was for a second. Then, as I heard the giggle from the warm body hugging tight to me it all came back. Sam’s hands moved away from my side where she had managed to tweak me into consciousness. A weak light poked between the curtains of the rooms window.

“Hey baby” she whispered breathily. “I thought you would sleep all morning.”

“Hmmm? What time is it?”

“Just gone seven. We need to be up at the school by nine. It takes ten minutes to walk up the hill.” She snuggled tight against me. Her breasts rubbing against my chest with only a thin layer of satin separating our skin. Her leg slid up between mine, thigh rubbing against my steadily hardening manhood. I moaned as the contact sent an electric shiver up my spine. “I feel much better this morning. No hang over. No sore head or upset tummy. No hesitations.” The last was said with another tight squeeze and a look direct into my eyes. I could see it as well. Passion and determination filled her eyes. Then they narrowed as an impish look took over her face. “I do have a very full bladder though.”

Fully awake now, in more ways than one, I grinned at her.

“Oh really. Hmmm. What do I do with that information. I suppose I should add that my own state is very similar. Morning pee and all that. I guess we have two choices. We get up and deal with that in the utterly boring normal way…” I trailed off and Sam grinned at me.

“Option two would be” she asked as she asked as she ran a single finger through my meagre chest hair, having pulled back a little bit. Her erect nipples were as proud and obvious as my own erection. She had a nervous energy about her again but I could tell that, so far, she was ready to see where this would go. I knew one thing. She was in the driver seat. What I said last night still stood.

“Well.” I pretended to consider the options for a few seconds. “I guess, seeing as there is only one loo, and we’d have to clamber all over each other to try and run to see who gets in first, and I doubt I can even stand up without at least leaking a little, maybe it would just be best if we snuggled here and let things take their course?”

“Hmmm” she murmured. “I don’t like the idea of fighting and climbing all over you. However….” With a swift movement she writhed beside me and was suddenly on top of me. Her weight settled over my hips and her hands were on my chest pinning me on the bed. She was sat directly on my crotch and I could feel her rubbing against me. The cotton of the shorts I was wearing rubbed against me driving me to even higher passion. I pushed my hips up against her even as she ground against me. She leaned down and kissed me hard. After a few seconds I let my hands again wander in search of her breasts. She moaned, the vibration reverberating through my mouth even as our tongues danced over each other. After a few more minutes I felt her stiffen on top of me and a warm wetness flood me. The heat of it was accompanied by a loud hissing as she ground against me and deliberately emptied her bladder over me.

Within seconds her pyjama bottoms and my shorts were saturated. Her hot pee ran up my hips and stomach as I pushed up into her. Beneath me I could feel the hot pool spreading. It felt electric against my skin and I could barely make a coherent sound as I shot a load into my shorts. On top of me, between the grinding, my playing with her breasts over he satin top, between the passion of our kiss, I could feel her tense against my body and start to shake as her own orgasm overtook her.

Even as she continued to pee all over her pyjamas, her bed and me, she pulled out of the kiss with a scream and buried her hed into my shoulder. On my chest, her hands gripped me and I felt her teeth bite into my flesh as she struggled to contain the pleasure flowing through her body. Like the pain from her nails last night, it was the final straw. I lost myself in the moment, waves of pleasure rocking my body, just as the waves of her hot pee washed over me. Eventually we were both spent. She finally flopped down onto my chest.

After an undefinable amount of time I came to my senses. On top of me was the most beautiful woman in the world in a post orgasmic haze. Beneath me was a veritable lake of pee. The water proof mattress cover was doing us proud. The sheet was saturated and the covers had been thrown off in the excitement. My bum was in a literal puddle were our combined weight pushed us down. Lovely. Looking at Samantha, she was still breathing hard. Her body flushed and, in all honestly, giving of the kind of glow that had to be felt rather than seen. She managed to look me in the eye.

“Holy fuck” she managed to gasp out. “I. I. Holy fuck. Stuart. That was. Holy fuck.”

“Samantha” I replied. “I want you so much right now. I can’t even describe it. Please. If you want this to happen say now. If you want this to stop say now because honestly, I’m losing it. I’m… God I love you. I’m not saying this to make you say yes. I’m… I’m not sure why I’m saying this except as literal truth. I love you, I want you. God Samantha. I love you.”

Above me, even as I spoke, I saw he eye widen, then tear up as I poured out my heart to her. As I finished she practically screamed my name and threw herself down in a tight embrace. Our kiss was, hands down, the most passionate yet. Her hands were down my body now. Beneath the raw wet heat of her and feeling her touch I was becoming hard again. It had been only minutes but it didn’t matter. My own hands resumed their exploration of her breasts, pulling the buttons of her top open as fast as I could, As her perfect B cup breasts spilled out I groaned again in pleasure. Seeing them bared for the first time was captivating. The small dark nipples stood proud on the impossibly perky mounds of her breasts. As my hands and then tongue explored them she writhed over me.

My left hand traced from her breast down her now bare stomach. It hit the top of her satin pyjama bottoms, still remarkably dry. I rubbed against the waist band a few times, allowing a figure or two to slip under. After no response than a subtle nod I slid my hand down further. Under the dark stain of her pee-soaked crotch I felt her hair as my fingers explored her body. My fingers ran through silky soft strands before I cupped her and felt the heat of her pussy.

My index finger slid effortlessly between the slick wetness of her lips. Her gasp drove me on as the ring finger joined the first. The first slowly slid into her, and I could feel her tighten around my figure as she squirmed in pleasure. She allowed her body to drop down beside mine and I followed her movement. My hand, gently pulled out from her pyjamas and now, lying next to her, I swiftly fumbled to pulled down my shorts. After a brief struggle I managed to kick them clear. Now naked beside her, her top open, letting me take in the beautiful sight of her, I paused.

Her eyes were wide again as she took in the sight of my own body, my erection standing proud between us. I sat up next to her, coming to my knees by her hips. My hands found her hips and I gently gripped the waist band of her bottoms. I looked her in the eyes and, after a single breathy yes, started to slide them down her body. She bounced and shuffled her weight around until they were sliding down her thighs. Her legs rose in the air to allow me to slowly pull them down the smooth skin. My hands were actually gripping her legs and letting the wet satin ride above them. As I reached her feet, I let the pyjama bottoms fall away but kept my hands on her. They started a slow journey back down her legs but this time gently rode over the front of them, letting my fingers dip in between.

As I approached her thighs she was gasping in pleasure and squirming beneath me. There was no resistance as I separated her legs, shuffling my body to allow them to drop either side of me. I paused here though. I drank in the sight of her naked body. Her passion and willingness was palpable. She was practically pulling me into her, her legs snaking around my hips. I was barely in control as her body almost thrashed beneath me. I barely managed to gasp out condom to her before she froze for a second. Before I could even suck in a laboured breath she was writhing to grab at the bedside cabinet. She pulled open the drawer so hard it slammed against the stops and grabbed at its contents. A few packets practically flew at me as she tried to get them to me.

It took me seconds to pull one open. If there is a land speed record for donning protection I recon I owned it. It seemed like seconds until I had it on and she was practically mewing at me as I sunk down and positioned myself. I let her grab me as she took charge. First my tip was rubbing between her lips before she tightened her legs around me and started to pull me in. One of her hands was gripping mine and the other was holding my hip. I slide into her and I could see her suck in a deep breath. I held my position as I stared down at her. Her eyes were closed and her forehead bathed in sweat.

I could see her grimace slightly even as I slid into her. Her eyes opened and she looked right at me before nodding. I slide into her full length now and another gasp, this time of pain, escaped her as her hand clasping mine tightened to breaking point. The other simply clawed at my body. The pain I felt was a pale reflection of hers though and for the longest time I simply held my body still letting her slowly relax beneath me. After a while I slowly started to move.

As she moaned in a mix of pleasure and pain I moved fast and faster. I knew I was on borrowed time. As her body gripped mine, I could already feel my orgasm start to build. From my own moans and barely coherent gasps of her name, Samantha could tell I was close. She was clawing at my back now with her free hand, her left still clutching mine. My own free hand was to her right supporting my weight as I leant over her. I continued to move faster and faster. As I started to gasp for breath, I realised I was cumming as every muscle in my body seamed to tighten at once. I could feel Samantha tighten against me as her orgasm started to grip her. It felt like she was sucking me in further and further into a well of pleasure. I don’t know which of us was crying out the loudest.

I was on top of her now, unable to hold myself up as my vision blurred. Beneath me she was convulsing. Waves of pleasure wracked us both as we spent every inch of ourselves. There was nothing between us. Both of us had given everything we had at that point. I rolled to her side, gently pulling out of her body. We embraced tightly, barely conscious of what was happening. I could hear her moaning my name even as I realised I had been gasping hers for some time. We held each other in a tight embrace as we let the shear explosiveness of what had just happened ware off. We both panted slowly as we stared into each other’s eyes, slowly I closed in for a kiss.

____________________________________________________________

*012*2019-06-09 23:52

Hey everyone. Just a quick fresh chapter. I was going to write a longer one but I'm v tired and have an early start tomorrow. I have started to introduce some of the bit players in my story (just remotely for now). I think the chapters will tend to be quite short from now on (although a few "set pieces" will hopefully be bigger chapters). The first two were written while I was at sea so I had loads of time to add to them and edit them. If I want to keep this moving with my limited time between work and home life then smaller but more frequent/numerous chapters will work well for me. As always, feed back is appreciated.

Enjoy

Part 4 – The start of a new day

The kiss seemed to last forever. Deep and hungry yet oddly gentle, we held ourselves tight against each other as we intertwined our bodies. For an age we stayed like that until I eventually pulled back. Once again, I gazed into her deep brown eyes. I planted a swift kiss on Samantha’s forehead before leaning right back. Our legs were still locked together but I was able to pull back enough to take in the sight of her in the dim morning light. Trimmed bush with a few drops of pee still clinging to the soft curls. Smooth skin of her tight stomach. No real definition of abs, just a firm flat expanse of flesh.

Her B cup breasts barely losing their shape despite her lying on her back. Her body was glistening with her wetness. I could see beads of pee clinging to her breasts and I moved in to lick the glistening trails. The salty tang of her pee was sharp but pleasant on my tongue. She squirmed as my touch tickled her and aroused her. Her skin was still flushed and I guessed she was more sensitive than ever right now. My left hand started to trace the curves of her body. Gently stroking her side and back I moved back up to kiss her. As our lips touched, I felt her suppress a giggle. I pulled back.

“And what’s so funny?

“Its pee. My pee. I can taste it.” At my raised eyebrows she continued. “It’s a little weird knowing I’m tasting my own pee.” She giggled again. “It’s OK I guess. Not sure what I was expecting but it doesn’t taste unpleasant. Of course…. It wasn’t my pee I was expecting to be tasting.” Her own eyebrows moved up now. “I believe there was some mention of your own bladder being in a similar state?”

Wordlessly I nodded. I glanced at the sheets. The wet patch was absorbed now, from just below our knees to just below our shoulders. About three quarters of the width of the double bed was soaked. I concluded that it could survive a second deluge. With that in mind I shuffled slightly so that my now soft penis was lying between us and pointing up or bodies. I’d already removed the condom when we kissing. I concentrated. At first it was just a few spurts, my dick twitching with every release. My stream grew stronger then, as my pee jetted up onto Sam’s body. I held myself and directed the stream onto her breasts, aiming for the small dark nipples that were still erect. The loud hissing was underscored by Sam’s moans as hot pee washed over her body. Her own hands were now rubbing over her body.

As it continued to splash noisily over us both I saw her bring her hand up to her mouth. She moaned again as she sucked my pee off her fingers. Her free hand has rubbing between her other lips now. I directed my stream there, peeing hard against her pussy. Her moans were increasing in volume and intensity now. As my stream finally started to die down, I could see her whole body twitching. She seemed to tighten up for a few seconds with a loud gasp, back arching, before she finally let go and flopped into the fresh lake under us as a boneless mess, eyes closed and breathing deep. She lay like that for a few minutes as I just watched her come down from another orgasm. Eventually her eyes fluttered open.

“So will I be getting this wake up every day now? Because I’m not sure I’ll be able to take this without losing my mind.”

“Babe, If you want it you’ll get it.” I sighed deeply as I lay back myself, snuggling next to her side. She lifted her head so my arm could snake under and hold her to me. “I’m not sure how much I can take though. Despite everything I only managed to get a semi during that. Even with what you were doing I am completely spent.” She giggled again as I continued. “I doubt I will be able to get it up until at least midday.”

“Spoilsport” she laughed, prodding me in the side. “And hear I was hoping for some quick action behind the minibus if we’re not diving first thing”.

“Sam, I think this is the start of something amazing, but like I said last night, lets not rush this. I’m no good to you broken with my poor abused member in a sling.” She laughed out loud at that. “And, speaking of this morning.”

“Your going back to the hostel?”

“Yeh. I can’t go diving in jeans and a polo. I’d freeze and jeans aren’t the most manoeuvrable of garments.”

“What will you tell the others?” she asked as I stated to pull myself up out of the bed.

“The truth. Of sorts. We ended going into town for a meal. Had a few drinks, got a lift back and I spent the night with you. I know it will surprise them and I think a few of them may resent that and get jealous. God knows how may times you’ve told Brian no and he still keeps trying to get in your pants.” Samantha sighed deeply even as she admired my naked body standing beside the bed.

“He’s a pig.” She exclaimed angrily. “I can’t stand the way he keeps sniffing about me. I almost had to slap him last week to get him off. Thankfully Mack pulled him away because I was ready to claw his eyes out. He was trying to grab my bum.”

“When the fuck did that happen. Where was I?” Sam looked up at me and smiled.

“Friday. That was the night you and your drunken trio when off to the house party before the pub even shut.”

“Ohhh. God that was a mess.”

The three friends she referred to were Gavin, Derek and Andrew. I shared a room with Andrew and Gav and Derek bunked together. I’d become quite good friends with the three over the preceding weeks, mainly due to them just dragging me out kicking and screaming every night. Being an introvert, it took its toll at first but by the end of the first week I had become accustomed to it. As had my liver. God those three could Drink. The party we had gone to had descended into a very drunken session that finally ended at gone 4 in the morning. I was the only one who didn’t throw up that night and Gav himself had had to wash his sheets after an accident. He took it in his stride though. Cost of doing business he had said as he shrugged the whole thing off.

Brian was another mater though. I don’t think anyone on the course liked him except Keith (my old partnered and the course idiot). He was creepy as hell, always hanging around and making comments about Sam. She had already given him quite a few public and vocal rejections but he didn’t seem capable of taking the hint. He had a mean streak as well. Always swift to anger and when he was drinking he was always looking for a fight. I absolutely hated the guy as I was the butt of lots of jokes and comments from him and he had tried to square up to me a few times as well. My “drunken trio” really helped hear though. All three were on the Heriot Watt Rugby club and built like brick shithouses. Brian was too smart to mess with them. I sighed again.

“Come on babe. Lets get the bed stripped and in the wash then we can hit the shower and get ready for the day. The guys will all have whatever reactions they have and I’m not borrowing trouble thinking about it now. Besides… I need to make sure you have a really good wash and are squeaky clean” I said the last while staring hungrily down at her body again.

“Letch” she said jumping up herself with a grin. We quickly stripped the saturated sheet. Remarkably it was the only bit of bedding that was wet but I pulled a pillow case off and used it to wipe down the moisture on the waterproof sheet. Luckily It wasn’t a cloth topped one.

“Make sure to give it a spray and wipe down before you remake the bed” I commanded, making sure to get the sheet dry. I heard her mumble an affirmative. Naked we proceeded downstairs to the kitchen. Our clothes came out off the machine lovely and dry and the sheet and case were thrown in for their own cycle. We rushed back upstairs and threw out respective outfits onto the chest of drawers in Sam’s room. Our towels were hung up and dry in the massive bathroom. The shower was indeed big enough for two.

*014*2019-08-27 01:00

It's been a while since I've made it to my story. I'm angry at myself for letting this slip. Real life sucks sometimes and makes writing difficult. I've had plans for this since I laid it all out in my head one patrol. Since finding and binging the utterly amazing Daniel and Amy by https://www.omorashi.org/profile/70588-barry/

(what i wouldn't love to be able to write like Barry) I have been inspired to get back into my tale and see where it will go. I still have a few fun ideas to try out. It will take a few days or so. I still have things going on and I'm also super critical of my own work and likely edit it to fuck, but I will post. My next chapter will be fairly large. "I" will make it back to my room and plan (and execute) a shared full on wetting at approximately 21m with the woman of my dreams. And, if you've read to this point, I still have some catching up to do in one way. Hmmm. Where might this part go.
