Daniel and Amy - Page 14

Author: Barry

*325*2016-06-25 00:08

{{6 hours ago, Minervafan110 said:

I can't wait to read what Nikki has to tell Amy Atleast Nikki will have someone she can convide in

}}

I'm hoping Nikki may shock us a little bit. There could be more to her than meets the eye....

$$

*328*2016-06-27 03:13

Chapter 2:

Amy found it difficult to concentrate on her schoolwork. Her mind kept drifting away towards her pending talk with Nikki. Not only was she unsure about what to say, she was curious about the way the other girl had reacted, and what she had to say as well.

Time dragged on, but eventually the bell went. Amy had bought her lunch from home today, so she went to her locker and got her bag out. She considered changing her pull up, but she didn't think she'd leaked any more since before recess, and she was still feeling dry. Making sure nobody was looking over her shoulder, she opened a side zipper on her bag and double checked her supplies. Yes, she still had two spare nappies tucked away, as well as what she kept in the nurses station, so she would be able to change later if she needed to. Satisfied for now, she took her sandwiches out into the playground, where she found her friends had secured a bench.

The grade seven girls had a few different rules and regulations from the older kids. Firstly, they had options on which uniforms they could wear. The official uniform was what Amy wore, grey pleated skirt, white shirt, red tie, and white knee socks with black leather t-bar style shoes. During winter the socks could be swapped for white ribbed leggings, the type that Amy had used to pee in after her dentist visit last week. But the primary school uniform of a pale green plaid one piece pleated dress, with white ankle socks, or the tights option was also available. This was to help keep the costs down during a students first year. The girls could keep their dresses until they grew out of them, but by the start of grade eight, the formal uniform was required.

While a school uniform wouldn't be considered "grown up," amongst the girls, it was generally considered to be a fashion statement to wear the bigger kids uniform, and abandon the kiddie school one as soon as possible, but a lot of the girls still wore it, either by choice or perhaps financial circumstances at home.

Amy had noticed that Nikki still wore the junior uniform, and it only enhanced how young she looked, especially for a teenager.

Another rule that was enforced by the Nuns, was eating lunch. The girls were forced to sit down and eat for the first ten minutes, before they could start playing or walking around. The older kids didnt have this enforced, as it was presumed that they were old enough to decide for themselves when or if they'd eaten enough. It was a constant source of frustration for the younger students, seeing the older kids start running around having fun, while they had to be monitored to sit still, just like little kids.

But finally the compulsory seating time was over, and Amys friends were going to play netball. Amy begged off, not really giving an excuse, just saying she had some stuff to do. Of course her friends assumed she needed to change, so they left her to it.

Amy made her way towards the oval, half expecting Nikki to not be there, but there she was, sitting on a bench on the other side. There was actually two ovals side by side, and Nikki had chosen a bench between them, right in the middle. While it was clearly visible to the rest of the playground, it was private because nobody else was in the immediate area. She took a shortcut across the grass, and was soon sitting beside the younger girl.

It seemed somewhat awkward. Even saying "hello" was weird. They were both obviously nervous, and there didnt appear to be an easy way to get the ball rolling on their conversation.

Amy decided to try first. "Well Nikki, I'm here. You still wanna talk then, I guess?"

Nikki smiled weakly, "Not any more than I did this morning to tell the truth, but at the same time, I guess I kinda do....."

"So, watcha want to talk about then? I meant what I said, I don't wanna force you into telling me stuff that you don't wanna talk about. It's up to you."

"Thanks Amy," she said in a quiet, wavery voice, "I guess Troy and Cass were right, you are nice." She paused for a moment, appearing to gather her thoughts. "What do you think we should talk about?"

Amy hadn't been expecting that. As far as she was concerned, their topic of conversation was obvious.

"Well, we said that we'd trade some secrets I guess. We could start there. But there's not much about me that's a secret anymore, as you know. How about you tell me what you know about me already, from the playground gossip and stuff? Then I can tell you how much is true, and how much is bullshit."

Nikki, who had kept her eyes downcast until now, slowly looked up. After checking that they were still alone, she started talking in a low voice.

"Is it true that you're incompetent?"

"What? Whaddya mean?"

"You know! Incompetent! You wet yourself sometimes!"

Amy squealed with laughter, and started giggling. Nikki, suddenly convinced that she'd made a complete fool out of herself, started to jump up and run away, but Amy was quick enough to grab her wrist and stop her. Between giggles, she managed to answer.

"I'm sorry Nik. It's just that that's not the right word. I'm incontinent. I can't control my bladder very well. Incompetent means something else, it means I can't do anything right," she paused, then another fit of giggling hit her, "although you're probably right about that as well!" She snorted with laughter.

Nikki suddenly realised what she'd said, and now having heard the word that she'd been battling to think of all morning, she reddened with embarrassment over what she'd actually said instead. But at the same time, she saw the funny side, and was relieved that Amy had as well. She snorted as well, then started giggling herself. Both girls briefly quietened, looked at each other, then burst into peals of laughter. Amy felt her diaper getter warm under her backside.

Nikkis faux pas had broken the ice. Both girls now felt a lot more comfortable now that the topic had been breached, and her little mistake had added some much needed humour to the situation. Once they'd regained their composure, Nikki tried again.

"Oh Amy, I'm so sorry! I wasn't trying to be funny, I just didn't know what the word was! I didn't think it sounded right." She paused before continuing, "But seriously, what does it mean exactly? Do you have a lot of accidents, can you hold on at all, what's it actually like? And what causes it?"

"Well, incontininence can be caused by heaps of things, but in my case, I was injured. When I was six....." she went on to relate the story of her accident with the horse, and what it had done to her, but, as usual, she left out the bit about her tummy troubles and how she occasionally pooed herself as well. "So the end result is I don't always know when I need to go, and even when I do, I can't hold on very long. I also have a lot of leaks. I seem to dribble a lot without even knowing I have, or if I'm going to."

"So what makes you pee then," Nikki asked, "is it like drinking too much, or running around? Can you hold on at all? Do you wet your bed? I'm sorry for asking you all this, but I kinda want to know."

Amy could see that the younger girl was intrigued, but not disgusted like a lot of kids were. Amy had agreed to answer her questions before she asked any herself, but she'd been dreading doing so. Normally she hated talking about it, but there was something in the way that Nikki was fixated on her, that seemed to make it more bearable than usual. Amy could tell that the younger girl was desperate for knowledge, and probably had been dying to know more about her own condition, but just couldn't bring herself to talk to a grown up about it.

"It's alright Nik, I said I'd try and answer you, and I will. I'm the same as anyone I guess. The more I drink, the more I pee, but if I drink too much, it can be a problem, because my bladder just doesn't tell me when I should go. I don't feel it until it's over half full, but half full is my limit. Once I'm half full, it overflows. Particularly if I put a strain on it. Running, jumping, sneezing, coughing and laughing all make me leak, nearly every time!"

Nikkis eyes narrowed a bit, and her voice dropped again, even though they were still alone. "Laughing? Like when we laughed before? Did you leak then?"

Now Amy needed to make a choice about how much was too much information. Even with her friends, she rarely told them when she was wet. Usually she would just not say anything and just go to the bathroom, or the nurses office if she had to change, and while they knew what had happened, it wasn't something that they discussed. But, she wanted to win the girls trust, so admitting a little accident probably wouldn't hurt.

"Yes Nikki. Just like then. When I laughed before, I wet myself a bit. I always do, unless I've just gone to the loo recently."

"Please tell my to shut up and mind my own business Amy, but I guess it's true then? That you do wear diapers I mean?"

Amy smiled, "Yep! Totally true. I couldn't go without them. I wet my bed every night, and I need to change at school everyday. I go to the nurses office if I'm wet, and I can change my nappy there. She's got some of my nappies stored there, but I also carry spares in my bag, so I can just go to the girls room instead if I want to."

Nikkis eyes were glowing, almost with excitement it seemed. It was obvious to Amy that the younger girl had waited a long time to hear stuff like this.

"Wow," Nikki said, "that must be horrible for you. How do you cope with it?"

"I just do Nik. I don't have any options. It's not great, but I haveta go to school, and I can't stay home all day, so I just do it! It's a bit limiting for me, like with what clothes I can wear and stuff. Like generally I can't wear leggings or shorts or stuff that shows my nappy off, but apart from that, I just try and do the best I can."

"Do you find other people are mean to you Amy? Do they pick on you and stuff?"

"Sometimes Nik, but not as much now. It's why I didn't try and make a secret out of it at school. The other kids will find out eventually, so its pointless trying to hide it. But, I've got a couple of friends at least. My friend Tania even went to school with me back in New Zealand, so she's known for years, and she sticks up for me."

Amy paused and smiled, her whole face appeared to light up with joy as she did. "And now, I've even got a boyfriend. Danny is the sweetest, nicest boy in the whole wide world, and he understands what it's like, cause he's got similar problems as well. He's not as bad as me, but he's had his share of issues with bully's and stuff."

So far, all the talk had been coming from Amy, so she thought it was time to start pressing Nikki for her story. Amy figured she must've shared enough by now to put Nikkis mind at ease. "So Nikki, what about you? What's your story?"

The abrupt mood swing was evident. Nikki went from a sort of rapt fascination, to a sudden sullenness. Her head dropped, she hugged her arms around herself, and almost appeared to shrivel up on the bench. Amy didn't push her, but waited for her to compose herself before she spoke.

"Well, when I was little, I kinda used to wet myself a lot. I don't think there was anything wrong with me, not like physically or nothing, but I just never really liked going to strange toilets. They kinda scared me, ya know? If I wasn't at home, and I needed to pee, I'd just try and hold on until I could get home. But my bladders always been maybe just a little bit weak I guess, and I didn't always make it. A lot of times I'd wet myself because I couldn't hold on. After awhile, if I needed to pee, I'd rather find a quiet spot to pull my pants down outside, or if I had a dress on, I'd just hitch it up and pee through my knickers. I just never liked asking to go to a strange toilet, or using one, even I got taken by someone else."

Amy interrupted her, "You still do that now, don't you Nik?"

Nikki looked absolutely terrified. "What? No!" Then she blushed, lowered her voice even further, and said, "Well....yes, sometimes I guess. How did you know?"

"I saw you. The first week of school. I saw you pee behind the toilet block. I was coming around the corner, and you had your back to me."

"Oh my God! Really? I didn't think anyone had ever seen me! So why didn't you say anything?"

Amy laughed. "Cause I thought you'd had an accident! I could never make a big deal about another kid having an accident. If you remember, I went into the toilet behind you. If you had of been upset or anything, I would've spoken to you about it, but you seemed okay, so I didn't say anything."

"Thanks I guess. I probably would've died if you'd told me that you'd caught me. It's still kinda the same thing for me now, like when I was little. I just don't like different bathrooms. When you saw me, I was going to use the toilet, really I was, but when I was alone behind the building, or thought I was alone I should say, my panties were already a bit wet, cause I'd been trying to hold on and I'd leaked, so I guess I just decided to pee through my knickers instead of using the toilet, which I hate."

"But what about your bloomers?"

Most of the girls wore high cut bloomers, or tight shorts under their dresses, just in case their dresses happened to fly up as they ran around in the playground, or to protect their modesty as the sat down.

"Ummm, I don't wear them Amy, I just wear my knickers. It helps if I do wet myself." She glanced around again, ensuring they were still alone, before adding, "Like now, check it out..."

Nikki swivelled sideways on the bench, straddling it between her legs, facing towards Amy. She grabbed the hem of her dress, and lifted it up, showing Amy what she had underneath.

All she was wearing, was a pair of white, "My Little Pony" panties, that were so wet, that they were transparent.

Nikki seemed to be getting upset. Her face had reddened, and tears were starting to form in her eyes. "I did a wee over there on the grass before you got here. I just hate using that school toilet."

Amy was dumbfounded. "So you had an accident?"

"Not really." Her breath hitched in her throat a bit, "I didn't want to use the toilet, so I peed on the grass instead. But I was busting, and would've had an accident if I didn't do that, so my panties would've got wet anyway I guess."

"What about at home Nikki? Do you wet the bed at all? Do you wear protection?"

"I used to wet the bed every night until I was nine, and I wore Goodnights to bed then. Nowadays, I probably wet the bed once every week or so, but mum doesn't let me wear Goodnights anymore. I've got a plastic sheet thing on my bed, and I have to change my sheets if I wet."

Amy considered everything that had been told to her. "But earlier, you seemed to think that I was going to hate you or something for telling me stuff. Why did you think that? And I don't understand why you're getting upset."

"Because you're gonna think that I'm a bad person, that's why! You can't help having accidents and stuff, and it's a big bother to you, like a terrible thing that you can't control."

She gave a shuddering breath, and looked Amy in the face, as a tear escaped, and ran down her cheek.

"I'll be honest with you Amy, then you're gonna hate me, I know, but you've told me the truth, so I'm gonna tell you the truth, even though you'll hate me for it. But even if you do, you gotta remember that you promised to keep my secret, and nobody, especially Troy, can ever find out what I'm gonna tell you."

She took another hitching breath, and a second tear escaped, running down the other cheek. Once she had composed herself, she held her head up defiantly.

"Amy, I wet my pants sometimes, and my bed as well. You know that now. But I'll confess something else to you, and I know you're not going to understand it, and that's why you're gonna hate me."

Nikki looked at her directly, and prepared to unburden herself.

"Amy, I'm not incontinent, at all, not even a little bit. It's not even really because I'm scared of using strange toilets, even though I tell myself it is. I wet myself, and my bed, because I like doing it."

*330*2016-06-27 12:58

Chapter 3:

The girls sat in silence, as Nikkis bombshell sunk in. She didn't lower her eyes at all, but continued staring almost defiantly at the older girl.

"Well? Aren't you going to say anything?Tell me how stupid I am or something? Don't worry! I know it's stupid! But it's almost like I can't help it Amy. I must be like really fucked in the head or something!"

Amy had to consider her response. Nikki was showing every sign of just jumping up and running away, even though she hadn't even stood up yet. Suddenly, Amy understood the other girls fear of judgement. After taking a couple of breaths, she was ready to respond.

"For a start, you're not fucked in the head, so don't ever say that. Secondly, while I do understand why you'd think I'd be upset with you, please believe me, I'm not. Actually, I probably understand better than what you think I do, but I want you to tell me more, before I say anything."

The look of pure relief on Nikkis face was evident. She had really expected Amy to tell her she was nothing more than a sick freak, then storm off, telling everybody she met what a weirdo that the younger girl was.

"Truly? You're not upset with me? At all? Even though I do stuff on purpose that you probably wish that you didn't do?"

"I swear Nik, I'm not upset at all. I'll probably even tell you more stuff about me later, but first, I wanna hear just how you started doing this."

"Wellll, like I said, I did used to have accidents when I was little, real accidents, not just fake ones. What I said about using strange bathrooms is completely true, I've always hated it. When I was a little kid, I'd refuse point blank to use a strange toilet, I'd honestly rather wet myself than go to a toilet that I didn't feel comfortable with. My mum would get a bit cross with me, but I guess that she understood that it freaked me out, and she might tell me off if I wet myself, but she like never punished me or nothing. Sometimes, I'd just be lazy, and be playing outside at home, and I wouldn't stop what I was doing and go to the loo, and I'd end up having an accident, again, a real one, not just a pretend one."

Nikki reached down beside the bench, and produced a drink bottle that Amy hadn't noticed before. She took a big drink, then offered it to Amy. "Lemon water cordial," she explained. Amy didn't usually share other people's drink bottles, except for Danny's, but she was parched, so she gladly accepted the offering.

"But as I got older," Nikki continued, "Mum would make me stay in my wet pants, even wet jeans. Especially if I'd wet myself at home. I guess that she thought that if I stayed in wet, uncomfortable clothes, it might teach me a lesson."

Again, a flare of defiance flashed across her eyes like a burning comet.

"But it didn't. Instead, I kinda liked the feeling of wet panties. I didn't like wet jeans so much, they could rub against my legs and I'd get sore, but if I had shorts or a dress or skirt on, I sorta liked it, I guess. But obviously, as I got older, I eventually got better control. By the time I was eight or nine, I didn't have very many real accidents anymore. That certainly doesn't mean that I didn't wet myself though, I still did, but I started being able to control when and where I did it. Of course I never just did it in like a really obvious way or anything, but I'd wait till it was safe, then wet myself, and pretend it wasn't done on purpose."

As she spoke about it, Amy noticed how Nikkis hand subconsciously reached under her dress, and pulled briefly at the wet cotton panties she was wearing, perhaps just checking to see how wet they were.

"I think my mum suspected that I wet on purpose sometimes, but I'd always deny it, and of course she couldn't prove anything. I've always been careful to not do it too often, you know? Or, I should say I've been careful not to get caught too often would be a better way of putting it."

"Whaddya mean Nik? Like how often do you do it?"

Nikki blushed, "Honestly? Nearly every day I s'pose. By the time we finish school, I pretty much need to go, but, like I said, I don't like the toilets. Mum works till five, and I get home at least a half hour before Troy does, so I usually wet myself after I get off the bus, as I'm walking home. There's a small park I cut through on the way, and if nobody's around, I like to sit on a bench and do a wee in my knickers before I get home. Of course sometimes, I actually have a real accident. I'll be like really busting when I get off the bus, and there's been a few times that I've wet myself by accident before I've even gotten to the park."

As she said this, she managed to look both guilty and excited at the same time. "When that happens, it's really kinda scary, cause I don't want to be caught, but because it's a real accident, I sorta don't mind, cause it's not my fault. I know how stupid that sounds, but that's what it's like! If it's an accident, it doesn't seem so bad, but I'd still hate it if anyone saw me."

Amy was intrigued, "But what do you do when you go home Nik? How do you hide your wet pants?"

Nikki giggled at this. "It's pretty easy actually! I just rinse my panties out, then hide them in my wardrobe to dry. When I put my dirty clothes in the wash, I just put in a dry pair that I haven't worn yet!" She laughed again, "I've actually got a pair that I've wet about five times, and haven't put in the wash yet! I rinse them out, dry them, and wear them again! I'm gonna have to throw them out, cause their getting all stained and stuff, and rinsing them out isn't getting them clean anymore."

Amy thought that was quite funny, and chuckled along with her. "But what about wetting the bed? Surely you're not still doing that on purpose?"

Nikki, looking suitably abashed, took a moment to answer, "Wellll, if I'm going to be completely honest with you, like I have been, I have to tell you a secret. I actually stopped wetting in my sleep about four years ago! But, these days, I sometimes wake up busting, and I just pee in my bed on purpose. The first time I did it, I'd been dry for about two weeks, when I was nine. My mum had started talking about taking me out of my Goodnights, but I liked wearing them, so one morning, I woke up dry, but just let go, and pissed myself. Of course I pretended to get all upset, and mum let me keep wearing them for awhile.

But not for long though. Because I wasn't wetting every night, she eventually stopped buying them, and made me go without. I was really pissed off by that, because I liked my special night pants, so I sorta started deliberately wetting the bed every now and then. But she never changed her mind, and I never got to wear them again. But I still wet myself in bed every week or so, just because I can. That's the one thing that mum has never suspected is fake, so I still do it, just because it's fun, and I can still get away with it. I just wish that mum would let me wear my night pants again."

"So do you ever wear any protection? Does your mum ever let you have Goodnights or anything?"

"Never," Nikki exclaimed somewhat sadly. "I really wish she would, and I've asked her, but she's like convinced that I'm gonna grow out of it, and she's right I guess, I have. If I didn't do it on purpose, I suppose I wouldn't need it." She grinned at Amy then, and added, "But I kinda do get to wear nappies sometimes! I babysit for our neighbors little girl. She's four, but still isn't toilet trained, and wears big toddler diapers. I found out ages ago, that I can still fit into them! So, when I sit her, I always manage to sneak an extra diaper or two for myself. And gee whiz Amy, I love wearing them! I wear one to bed, and just pee in it, maybe two or three times during the night. It leaks a lot of course, and my bed gets all wet, but it's just so nice to have a nappy on again!"

Nikki had started to seem a lot more animated, but suddenly caught herself again, and quietened down once more.

"Oh Amy, I am sorry! I told you I was weird. You must really hate me, and I'd understand if you never spoke to me again."

"Oh shut up Nikki! I toldya, I don't hate you, not at all. I actually do understand, believe it or not, and like I've already said, I'll tell you some more stuff later. But, I need you to tell me more first. Like, what exactly made Troy approach me? If you get away with your little games, why did he think I should talk to you?"

The younger girl blushed bright red, and heaved a deep sigh.

"Because I wasn't careful enough, and I got caught a few times. Even though mum catches me with wet pants every now and then, Troy only really sees my wet bed when it happens. Yes, he knows I have "accidents" sometimes, but he has no idea how often. But I got a bit careless lately."

She paused for another drink, passed the bottle to Amy, who again accepted it, then she checked the time. "We've only got fifteen minutes left, I better make this quick. So last week, I wet myself in bed two nights in a row. I hadn't done that since I was nine, and there wasn't any reason for it, I just did. It was a pain in the arse, changing my sheets two days in a row, but it was also kinda worth it, ya know? Then, I wet myself walking home, as usual, but this time, mum found my wet panties, and asked me, in front of Troy of course, if I'd had an accident. I had to admit that I'd wet myself walking home again, and so I copped another lecture about going to the toilet before leaving school, but with my brother listening.

Then, two days later, I get home first, as always. But this day, Troy has a dentist appointment after school, mums picking him up after work, and they won't be home till six. So, I get home, get changed into my denim cut offs, and go to play outside. Of course I'd wet my knickers on the way home, so I left them on, and enjoyed leaving them on under my shorts. I was playing with the dog, and wet myself again, making my shorts all wet, thinking I had heaps of time to change before anyone came home. But I got the times wrong, didn't I? They got home at four thirty, and I didn't hear them pull up. They walked into the yard, and there I am, playing with the dog, in a pair of really pissy shorts!"

"Oh my God," said Amy, "What did you do?"

Looking slightly devilish, Nikki replied, "Why I cried of course! I told mum I'd had an accident walking home, then, I'd gotten changed, and had another accident in the yard, and I'd been hoping my pants would be dry before they'd got home, and now I was scared that there was something wrong with me, and even if there was, I didn't want to go to the doctor, but it was horrible, all that sort of shit."

She sighed again. "Mum didn't say anything, but I know I didn't fool her. I'm pretty sure that now she knows that I wet on purpose, at least sometimes, and that really sucks! But Troy, he believed me. Now he's concerned that I'm sick, and need to see a doctor. But I can't do that, obviously. So now I'm kinda stuck between not saying anything at all, and hoping it just goes away, or if Troy pushes mum enough to take me to the doctors, I'll probably have to admit that I've been wetting on purpose, and I don't want that either. I'm really hoping it just goes away, and I think it will, as long as I don't get caught wetting again in the near future.

"What about your panties? They're wet now! Surely your mum will notice those!"

"Not today she won't! When I get home, I'll just wash everything before she gets there. Besides, I can always swap them for a clean pair if I gotta."

"But if I understand you correctly, you still do have real accidents though?"

"Oh yeah! I sure do! But it's always cause I like holding on too long, that's all. There's something I really enjoy about trying to hold on for as long as possible. I like to drink heaps of water and stuff, and get all desperate to pee, but I'll like hold on instead, and see how long I can last. That's when I'll usually have a real accident, or like I said, after sometimes playing holding games on the way home. What I said before was true. I do have a bit of a weak bladder I think, but I sorta enjoy testing it, and seeing how long I can hold for."

Again Nikki had started to sound quite perky about it, and again she reigned in her excitement.

"I know it must sound weird to you Amy, but I can't help it. It's sorta fun to me for some reason."

Amy checked the time, "Only five minutes till the bell," she declared, "and after all this talk, now I've gotta do a pee!"

Nikkis eyes widened as Amy lifted her bum up, reached under her skirt, and pulled her bloomers and diaper down. She pushed her backside off the bench, then leant forward, holding her skirt up at the back, and bunched in the front.

At first, Nikkis eyes were drawn to Amys big pull up, which was now sitting inside her bloomers, which were perched just above her knees as she sat there. The pull up looked a bit wet in the middle.

Then, her ears alerted her to a hissing sound. She could see that from under Amys skirt, pouring down behind the seat, was a solid torrent of liquid, that flowed forcefully for perhaps fifteen seconds or so before tapering off.

Once it had stopped, Amy stood up, leaving a wet circle on the wooden bench upon which she had been seated. Without speaking, she pulled her Molicare up, then her bloomers, and smoothed her skirt down in the process, ensuring that she hadn't accidentally tucked it into her nappy or anything.

"I actually do understand what you mean Nikki. Sometimes it's just fun to do a wee when you shouldn't, isn't it?"

Nikki was still sitting on the other end of the bench, but with her mouth hanging slightly open in shock.

"C'mon," Amy said, grabbing Nikkis wrist and dragging her to her feet, "the bells gonna go soon, and we're like a mile away! We better start walking, and like I said, I'll tell you some stuff tomorrow, that'll probably make you feel better."

*332*2016-06-28 05:01

Chapter 4:

As the girls cut across the oval, Nikki was speechless for a while, but not for long.

"I don't believe you just did that!"

"Why?" Amy responded innocently, "It's no different than what you did!"

"Yeah, but, it's kinda weird though! Doing stuff like that is what I didn't want to tell you about, cause it's like all fucked up and stuff!"

Amy reached across and grabbed the younger girls hand for a second as they walked, and gave it a reassuring squeeze. "You know what Nik? You could be right. It probably is a bit fucked up, but that doesn't mean you're the only person who has to like it!"

"Soooo, are you telling me that you do it to?"

Amy smiled at her. "Maybe. But I'm not telling you anything else now, we haven't got time, but we'll talk again tomorrow, promise."

They separated when they got back to the playground, and Amys friends were wondering where she'd gotten too. They had seen her walking back with Nikki, and wanted to know what was going on. Of course, Amy couldn't tell them the truth about their conversation, but she wasn't in the habit of lying to her friends, either.

"I had to talk to Nikki. Danny and I met her brother on the weekend, and he knows Dan from school. We got talking, and it turns out she has a few problems with her mum, and Troy asked me if I could talk to her. She seems really nice, but her and her mum have some issues and stuff. I'm gonna have another chat with her tomorrow."

Being teenage girls, Amys friends could all understand what having drama with your mother could be like, and while they pressed for more information, Amy remained tight lipped. But the other girls all agreed that Amy was a very nice person for trying to help.

###

Dans Monday started off as usual, wet. After waking up dry a few days in a row during the week, he had started to get his hopes up, but it looked like his good run was over.

He had expected that he would wet the bed of course, considering the large amount he'd drank while doing his chores, but it still sucked. He had woken up at 1am, already wet, and had gone back to sleep, then, he'd woken up ten minutes before his alarm had gone off, halfway through doing another big wee in his nappy. He had been laying partly on his side, and had the presence of mind to quickly roll onto his back and spread his legs, which had probably saved him from a big leak, but he'd had no chance at all of stopping the flow. All he could do was lay there and feel his entire groin and butt area become waterlogged.

Sighing, he stretched his limbs out. As he regained full consciousness again, his thoughts returned to the previous afternoon, and what was troubling him.

He'd gone upstairs for a shower, after leaving his pissy clothes in the washing machine, then when he'd finished, he came down to throw a couple of wet towels in on top, just to try and hide them a bit. But once he'd entered the laundry, the first thing he noticed was the washing machine running, and his dirty clothes on the floor. His light green briefs with the big wet patch on them were no longer stuffed inside his sweat pants, but sitting on the tiled floor, his shame fully visible to the world. He looked in the machine and saw one garment being washed, and soon deduced what had happened. His mother had taken his stuff out, and now knew that he'd wet his pants again. While it wasn't a big deal, he felt his cheeks burning with humiliation.

All evening he had waited for her to bring it up, but she hadn't. Later, he checked again, and now his wet pants were back in the machine again. He felt like he could crawl into a hole and die. But still, Sue didn't mention it, and Dan sure as hell wasn't going to.

He spent most of the evening in his room, and tried to pee as much as possible, in an effort to expel as much fluid as possible before going to bed, but even then, he still wet twice during the night.

It was a difficult position that he kept putting himself in. He really enjoyed drinking lots and facilitating an accident, but inevitably it led to a sleep wetting as well, which he didn't enjoy at all. Not without Amy there at any rate.

Getting out of bed, he pulled the covers back, checking the sheets for stains, but thankfully finding none. Standing in front of his mirror, he examined his grey pyjamas thoroughly, and was relieved to find them blemish free as well. The grown up diapers certainly worked a lot better than his Goodnights, he thought. Deciding to have a shower after breakfast, he slipped his dressing gown on, and padded down the stairs before his mother started calling for him.

"Morning Danny! Sleep well?"

"Yeah mum, I guess so."

His response was all Sue needed to hear to know that he'd woken up wet again. If he was dry, he would've been bubbling with excitement to tell her.

Slipping a bowl of porridge in front of him, she asked, "So do you need a shower this morning? How's your bed?"

Keeping his eyes down, he managed to mumble a response. "Beds okay, I need a shower though."

The next words out of his mothers mouth made him cringe. It was what he'd been waiting all last night to hear.

"It looks like you had an accident yesterday mate. Are you okay?"

He sighed deeply, still not making eye contact. "Yeah mum. I got kinda desperate when I was washing your car. My feet were all wet and dirty, and I didn't want to walk inside. I thought I could hold on until I'd finished, but I couldn't I guess."

"It's alright mate. You did the right thing not tracking mud through the house, but remember, you can always do a wee behind the shed if you have to."

"I know mum. I shoulda just done that I suppose. But I was so close to finishing off the car, I just needed maybe two more minutes. It just seemed like a big hassle to turn the hose off and stuff, and I was nearly finished. But now I guess I shoulda just done that."

She looked at him quizzically. "Danny, don't get mad, but I want to ask you something. Do you ever wet on purpose?"

He actually choked. He was just in the act of swallowing, and her question made him draw a sharp intake of breath. He coughed and spluttered for a moment, then had to have a drink of milk to wash it down properly.

"Jesus mum! No! Whaddya mean exactly?"

"I don't mean do you deliberately just wet yourself Danny, not like that. But do you ever leak so much that it's just not worth holding on anymore, so you give up?"

If Dan had felt embarrassed before, after his mother had found his wet pants, it was absolutely nothing compared to how he felt now. His first instinct was to just lie through his teeth, but he knew that his mother would be able to tell, just by the reaction he'd just given, if nothing else. Even though he'd only just wet himself in bed, his nappy suddenly felt just a little bit warmer, and he knew that the shock of perhaps finally being exposed had caused him to squirt a bit.

He understood why his mother would ask, and he knew that if he answered honestly, well, nearly honestly, that he wouldn't be in trouble. But boy was it hard admitting to your mother that yes, sometimes you just gave up. He steeled himself to answer, but he couldn't find the strength in his neck to lift his head up.

"Sometimes. I guess. It's not like I just do it on purpose or anything, but, sometimes, if I've sorta kinda already wet a bit, and I know I can't hold on, I s'pose I do just give up. I mean, once my pants or nappy is already wet, it makes it like even harder to hold on, especially if I'm like busting or something. It's sorta like, I dunno, like I'm already wet, and I'm uncomfortable, so I just give up I guess....."

As he finished his rambling explanation, he started to cry. He didn't sob, but tears of shame and embarrassment started running down his smooth cheeks. Sue had seen her son cry over his accidents before, but couldn't recall a time when he'd ever looked so humiliated and helpless, and it almost broke her heart.

"Oh Danny, don't cry buddy! Come here!"

She held her arms open, and Dan almost fell into them. He was still shorter than her, but was catching up quickly. Her shoulder was the perfect height for him to rest his head, and when she hugged him, he broke down completely.

He didn't cry for long. As a matter of fact, after the initial outburst, he started getting control of his teenage hormonal emotions almost immediately, but now, he felt the added shame of letting his mother see his tears. For Christs sake! He was a big kid now, and not supposed to be blubbering away like a baby.

But in saying that, he realised that he was wearing a sodden diaper, and for the first time in over a week, he was craving his pacifier again.

"I'm not upset or mad or anything Dan, I just want to understand what you go through. I can't imagine how hard it must be, and I guess I just want to understand it a bit more."

Dan plonked himself back down on his chair, and felt his soaked diaper squish underneath his butt. It was strange, but now he'd started talking, he really wanted to explain it as best he could. He even managed to smile weakly as he spoke.

"It's hard to explain mum. You know how sometimes I just leak?" His mother nodded. "Well, I don't always have to be like busting to go when that happens. Sometimes, it just surprises me when it does. When that happens, I might not even feel a bad need to go. But, other times, I can be desperate to pee, and that can happen like suddenly, then, I'll leak, and when I'm like that, I just can't hold on. That's when I'll just have to give up."

"Is that what happened yesterday mate?"

"Yeah. Kinda I guess. I was washing the car, and I'd nearly finished. Then, I suddenly needed to go like real bad. I think the running water sorta made it happen. Like I said, I didn't wanna like come inside all wet and dirty, and I was so close to finishing, I thought I'd be able to hold on. But when I turned the hose on, the cold water hitting my hands and feet just made me wee a bit, then a bit more. The next thing, I had it running down my legs. I did manage to stop, but by then I was pretty much soaked already," he glanced up guiltily at his mother, fresh tears threatening to spill from his big brown eyes, "so I just gave up. I wet my pants, finished washing the car, then had a shower." A light sob escaped him, "I'm sorry mummy. I know I shoulda tried harder, but I was already really wet, and I knew I was gonna put my pants in the wash and have a shower, so I did the bad thing instead, and I'm sorry," he repeated.

Hearing him start to regress into baby talk tore at Sues heartstrings again. She hadn't been at all mad to start with, just curious, and now, she really wished that she hadn't said anything.

"Don't sweat on it Dan. I'm not mad, just curious, that's all. Now run upstairs and have a shower, and we won't mention it again, alright?" Dan had never been more pleased to end a conversation in his life, so he quickly ran upstairs to shower.

Unfortunately for Dan, his day was going to get worse before it got better.

He followed his usual routine, using the bathroom successfully before school, at recess, then again at the start of lunch. After they'd eaten, Dan, Ali, Matt, and Scott spent the remainder of their break kicking a football around. It was quite a hot and thirsty task, and Dan managed to drain his drink bottle while they played. He was of course aware of the possible consequences, but when the bell went, he still didn't even feel the slightest need to pee again. He considered trying, but it would've made him late for class, and besides, all of his teachers were aware of his issue, and knew that if he asked for permission to go to the toilet, it was to be granted without delay, so he'd have no trouble getting out of class should the need arise.

He didn't even consider the implications, when returning to his home room for their geography lesson, that their regular teacher was absent, and a substitute teacher was present instead.

*334*2016-06-28 13:24

Chapter 5:

"Sit down gentlemen. I'm Mr. Davies. I'll be filling in for Father Ryan for at least the first part of your lesson. Open your books to chapter 16, and we will do some revision until he gets here."

This was a double period of geography, lasting for eighty minutes. Dan usually enjoyed the class, and with a test coming up, he was more than happy to have some extra study time provided during school hours. Basically, it would mean less homework.

It wasn't until maybe thirty minutes in, that he suddenly started becoming aware of a building need to pee. The large bottle of water cordial he'd consumed during the lunch break, was now making its way into his bladder. Still, he wasn't overly concerned. All of the teachers were supposed to be aware of his "special needs," and anyway, being excused to use the bathroom wasn't usually a request that would be denied to any student.

But, not having ever dealt with Mr Davies before, who he recognised as a grade ten teacher, he decided to hold on for a little bit longer, just to see if Father Ryan came back.

It only took another ten minutes for his urgency to kick up another notch. His need for release seemed to almost double suddenly, and he found himself reaching below his desk to give himself a minor adjustment through his shorts. His penis seemed to be stuck on a funny angle in his Goodnight, and he kinda wanted to straighten it a bit. He soon discovered however, that it wasn't going to be possible while he was sitting down. After squirming momentarily in his chair, and pushing his legs out straight, and still not being able to achieve the right position, he was forced to give up, less he start drawing attention to himself.

Five minutes later, and the second part of their two period lesson was nearly here. His need had jumped again, and now he was feeling nervous. This was the "Danger Zone," the time when he always just stopped what he was doing, and went to the toilet. Father Ryan was still nowhere to be seen, so Dan figured that he now had no choice, and would have to ask the new teacher.

Legs now crossed under his desk, he raised his hand.

Mr Davies was reading a book of his own at his desk, and only looking up occasionally. Dan didn't speak, but just sat there, with his hand raised, waiting to be acknowledged.

It took another minute for the teacher to look up, and by then Dans arm was aching as well as his bladder, but he was finally acknowledged.

"Yes. You there. What's your name?"

"It's Daniel sir," he replied.

"What is it you want Daniel?"

"May I be excused please sir," the boy asked politely.

Mr Davies regarded him quizzically, "Why do you want to be excused exactly Daniel?"

Now Dan wasn't "pee shy" at all. Being in an all boys school, a lot of the conversation centred around topics that were gross or disgusting, and growing up with his condition, he had no qualms about stating his need to go if necessary.

"I need to go to the boys room sir, please."

Dan was somewhat stunned by the response. "Well Master Daniel, you finished your lunch break not even an hour ago. Perhaps you should of thought to go then? I'm sure a young man of your age can put a cork in it for awhile longer. I know revision isn't the most exciting thing to do, but it doesn't give you an excuse to go wandering around the school!"

Dan never answered back to his teachers, but he was sorely tempted to this time, even if just to try to explain that he didn't want to just "wander around," but was getting desperate to pee. He even considered doing what his parents had told him to do, if this exact situation was to ever arise. That was to just get up and walk out. His folks had been adamant, that if he was ever to be denied a bathroom break at school, he should just go, and worry about the consequences afterwards. His dad in particular had told him that any punishment dealt to him would swiftly be overturned after a visit from his folks.

But herein lay the problem. He just didn't want to make a scene. In his head, he envisaged himself just calmly getting up, and walking out, perhaps to the stunned amazement of the other boys, even maybe becoming a bit of a hero in their eyes.

But in reality, he knew it wouldn't end like that. Mr Davies would try and stop him, perhaps even physically restrain him. For all the talk he had heard about teachers not being allowed to lay a hand on the kids, he was unsure whether grabbing his arm or blocking the door would still be acceptable behaviour on the teachers behalf. Of course he could just ask again, perhaps plead his case a bit, but that would be like begging, and he just couldn't explain that he was nearing the verge of wetting himself, especially in front of the other boys.

In his ever growing discomfort, it was rapidly dawning on him that what his parents had told him that he could do, in the safety and comfort of their living room at home, was not completely applicable to the reality of a desperate situation.

He felt his penis twitch, and a bead of sweat pop out of his forehead.

"Pre-emptive strike!" The words flashed across his mind. But he soon discounted that as an option. His bladder was full, he was only wearing a Goodnight, and he was sitting down. Those three factors all combined, only added up to one possible outcome. Disaster.

He had just made up his mind to try politely asking again, maybe admitting to an urgent situation, regardless of the embarrassment it would cause, when he felt an all to familiar warmth around his balls.

He had leaked.

Dan gritted his teeth, and clamped down harder. He thought that he had managed to actually cut the flow off, but it felt like there was still some pee about to leak out. He shifted in his seat, and again, felt a slow dribble trickle out. It was now panic stations, he was starting to wet himself in class.

With all hope about to be lost, he looked up at the door. He was going to do it. Just get up, and run out. He wouldn't say another word to Mr Davies, because he didn't want to draw any more attention to himself. If the teacher expected him to escape, he would no doubt try and stop him. Even if that was only verbal, Dan didn't need any extra attention directed towards him. He suspected that if his grey shorts weren't wet already, they probably would be by the time he reached the door. It would be be better to just make a run for it, he decided.

Feeling another small, but noticeable leak trying to escape, he slowly pushed his chair back. He was halfway down the row, nearest to the wall that had the door in it, so he'd only have to sprint past three other desks to get to the safety of the door. He took a deep breath, feeling acutely aware of the warm wetness around his genitals and backside, and looked ahead, preparing to bolt.

When he looked up, he saw a familiar figure enter the room. Father Ryan was back! The priest approached the desk, preparing to speak with Mr Davies.

Dan was on his feet quickly. He took two steps, and the priest saw movement from the corner of his eye, and smiled when he saw Dan, one of his favourite pupils approaching. His smile faltered as he saw the anguished expression on the young boys face, and noticed his fist was clenched, and resting against the front of his shorts.

The priests entrance had caused a few of the boys to look up, but most just looked straight back down at their books again, once they realised that it was only their regular teacher returning, and nothing new to get happily distracted by.

Dan, on the other hand, had never been so happy to see a teacher in his life. He hurried towards him, feeling fresh warmth in his pants again. "PleaseFathermayIbeexcused," he mumbled.

Recognising the urgency of the situation, the kindly priest didn't even speak, just quickly nodded, and even held the door open for the boy.

As Dan ducked into the corridor, he heard a sharp exclamation of surprise from the lay teacher, but he ignored it, and hurried off, finally able to use his hand to hold his crotch with. He didn't have far to go now, the boys room was just outside the bottom door of the corridor, in another adjacent building, attached by a covered walkway.

His grasping fingers were now detecting wetness on the fabric of his pants, and he had the shocking realisation that he was now visibly wet. His locker was in a large bank that he was approaching on his left, and he understood that he would need to get his bag on the way past, as it had a spare pair of pants and diapers in it. His locker was on the top row, at head height, and he stopped, trying to undo the combination lock with his right hand, as he kept his left hand gripped firmly on his penis through the wet patch that was growing steadily on his shorts.

The lock kept twisting around, as he tried in vain to twist the tumblers into the correct sequence. He grunted in frustration, and eventually had to release the grip on his pants, while he crossed his ankles, and squeezed his knees together. By using both hands, he was finally able to unlock the padlock, but not before a trickle of urine escaped altogether, and ran out of his shorts, down his inner thigh, and past his knee, where it was absorbed into his light grey knee sock, and not before it left an obvious tell tale streak along his shorts.

Dan ripped his backpack out of his locker, and holding it in front of his crotch, he tried jogging the remaining few feet to the door, but he also tried to keep his legs together, resulting in a duck like waddle instead. Every time he took a step, he felt another drop of urine escaping, and he could tell by the way it was sagging down, that his Goodnight was already way past its capacity.

He stepped out of the class block, took three steps across the walkway, and stepped straight into the boys room. The urinals and stalls were hidden by a large, mirrored wall that had the sinks on this side of it, and he took just a second to pause, and drop his bag, examining his reflection in the mirror. What he saw shocked him. He had a big, round wet patch on his shorts, and the inside legs were soaked. He suddenly felt another twinge, and watched in horror as another pee trail ran down his leg, and he saw some drops falling to the tiled floor.

Clasping his bag in front of him once more, he hurried around the dividing wall, and into the toilet section of the restroom, praying that it would be empty.

Finally it seemed he was in luck, the toilets were deserted. He quickly entered a cubicle, and hung his bag from a hook on the inside of the door. Swivelling around as quickly as he could, he pulled his shorts and boxers down, and sat on the seat, not even bothering with his onesie clips or his pull up.

Instead, he just let go. Even despite his leaks, he was still holding a small oceans worth of pee inside him, or so it seemed. As it poured into his saturated pull up, it started leaking everywhere, from the top, the crotch, the leg bands, even though the fabric itself. Soon, his onesie was being soaked as well, and the moisture was being wicked upwards at an ever increasing pace. Not wanting his blue school shirt to get wet, he pulled his tie off, then slipped his shirt over his head without undoing the buttons.

Only then, could he relax, and finish wetting himself in peace.

Finally empty at last, he now needed to work out what to do, and quickly, before anyone else came in. If they did, they would probably see his shirt and tie laying on the floor, visible thanks to the gap at the bottom of the door.

Still sitting on the toilet, his onesie now wet up to his belly button, and dripping into the toilet, he removed his bag from the hook, and hung his shirt and tie up in its place. He took another pull up, and his dry shorts and boxers from his bag, and hung them up as well. Rummaging around in his backpack, he found a plastic bag that was kept there for just such an occasion as this. He slipped his shoes off, then his wet shorts and underwear, and placed them in the plastic bag. Only then, did he finally undo the saturated flap of his onesie, and slipped it over his head, grimacing with disgust as he felt the wet cloth drag up over his back and chest as he pulled it off. It even brushed across his face, which was disgusting. He stood up briefly to remove his pull up, put that into the bag with his onesie and shorts, and then, completely naked apart from his socks, he sat back down again.

A quick search in a side pocket of his bag revealed some wet wipes, of which he used about three hundred of them in an attempt to cleanse himself of any lingering trace of pee. Only then, could he begin the arduous task of getting dressed again. It was a touch concerning, not having another onesie in his bag, but he'd just have to rely on his boxers to cover it up, should his shirt becoming untucked.

As he walked back to his locker, he counted at least four small drops on the wooden floor, and another four in front of his locker. He tried dragging his shoe across them, but that only smeared them around, so he just left them, figuring that nobody would recognise them for what they were anyway.

As Dan re-entered the class room, he was dreading the reception he'd get. He imagined everybody looking at him, and the teachers standing together, ready to chastise him for being gone for so long. But to his surprise, a glance at the clock showed he had been gone for less than ten minutes, which may have been a touch long for a bathroom break, but not long enough to send out a search party. Most of the boys did look up upon hearing the door open, but when they saw it was only Dan, they just went back to their work.

Mostly, he was relieved to see Mr Davies had gone, and kindly old Father Ryan was back in his rightful place behind the teachers desk. The elderly priest looked at him and smiled, slightly raising an enquiring eyebrow at him, in a subtle gesture of enquiry, obviously concerned for his well being. Dan somehow managed to smile back, nodding his head slightly to let the priest know that yes, he was okay.

Taking his seat once more, Dan sighed with relief. He had suffered his first major wetting at his new school, wearing only a kiddie pull up, which had leaked everywhere, but he had survived without anyone else finding out about it.

But he shuddered a bit at the thought of going home, and having to hand his wet clothes to his mum, and telling her that for the second time in twenty four hours, he had completely wet his pants during the day.

*337*2016-06-30 09:46

Chapter 6:

After the final bell, the boys headed to the bus stop. Scott, who had witnessed Dans sudden exit from their earlier Geography class, fell into step beside him.

"Man, I think you might have pissed that new teacher dude off."

Dan went onto high alert when he heard this. "Why, whaddya mean?"

"Well, after old Father Ryan let you go, the new guy seemed to get upset with him, I think cause he'd already told ya that ya couldn't leave. What was the problem, anyway?"

"No problem," Dan said, perhaps a little hastily, "I just needed a piss, that's all."

"After you left, they finished up going outside the room and talking. I don't think Davies liked being overruled."

Dan didn't know whether he should be worried or not. It wouldn't be a good thing to have a teacher offside with you, but, he probably wouldn't have much to do with him again, at least until he got to grade ten. It was pointless worrying about it anyway.

He recieved a text from his mother as he rode the bus. She was held up at work, and was going to be late. This was a minor relief, as it would give him a slight reprieve about telling her about his latest accident.

A part of him considered maybe trying to wash his wet things and just not saying anything, but he knew that wasn't viable. He was going to have to tell her what had happened, so she could contact the school and reiterate to them about making sure that ALL the teachers knew about his "special needs."

God, how he hated those words.

Also, his future protection at school would need to be addressed again. He had already discussed the possibility of wearing the Molicares to school, but, as he had said, if that was to happen, he'd probably have to do as Amy had done, and admit to everyone that he wore diapers. He was dreading it, but was planning on talking about it with his dad later in the week, and getting his opinion.

He suddenly yawned. He was feeling emotionally drained by now. His memory struggled to come up with a worse day than this, except of course when he had wet his pants at the beach in front of his entire class at his old school.

Waking up not only wet, but while actually wetting, had been a bad start. Then, there'd been the embarrassment of talking to his mum about his wet pants from the previous day. He'd ended up lying to her in a way, which had made him feel guilty. Yes, it had been an accident, but it only happened because he'd wanted it to. His "accident," in truth was completely avoidable, but he'd deliberately set himself up for it instead.

Dan realised that his feelings of guilt in not telling the truth, and causing his mother to worry, had in part helped him to break down emotionally and cry like a baby in from of her. He cringed internally as he remembered calling her mummy, and telling her he'd done "the bad thing." That was how he'd described his wettings when he was like seven years old or something.

Then the dreaded school accident had finally occurred. He was so grateful to have gotten away with it unscathed, but now he had probably put himself on a teachers black list, and that was never a good thing, especially as he was still basically a new student.

While he was sitting in silence, thinking about his terrible day, his body seemed to go onto autopilot, and he snapped back to reality only seconds before putting his thumb in his mouth.

This was one of those times when he really wanted his pacifier. He was again starting to feel like he wasn't in control of things again. He might give Amy a call later, talking with her always made him feel better. Plus, she'd understand a lot better than his mum about what wetting at school was really like.

BANG! He was suddenly punched on the arm, although not very hard. "Whaddya look so worried about Danny boy? Relax! It'll probably never happen!"

He turned to see Ali's grinning face, and realised that he'd zoned himself completely out of their group conversation. Feeling slightly embarrassed, he attempted a half hearted smile. "Sorry guys, just got a bit of shit going on at the moment. Ya know what it's like."

Scott chimed in. "Everything okay mate? Anything we can help ya with?"

Starting to feel as if he was about to be dragged into a conversation that he didn't want to have, as it would require him to again have to lie his way out of it, he was very relieved to find his stop approaching. He gladly pushed the stop button, grabbed his pack and stood up.

"Nah, it's all good. I'll catch you guys tomorrow!"

As he walked almost dejectedly along the street, his mind again turned to his now missing pacifier, and how only a few weeks ago, when he was feeling like this, he'd suck on it for a while, and probably wet himself at the same time, and it would somehow help him regain the feelings of control that he felt he was lacking. His mind wandered towards his theory of how his dummy use was akin to how grown ups smoked, and how since he'd been smoking with Amy, he'd found that to be soothing as well. Knowing his mother was going to be late home, he thought he may well try to find where she kept her cigarettes. Occasionally, when she couldn't find her preferred brand, she bought a small packet of whatever was available to her, then abandoned them in a junk drawer in the kitchen when she could restock with her favourite brand. If there were any in that drawer, he might sneak one in, and perhaps play some wetting games as well, before she got home.

Thinking about it, Dan decided to do a wetting regardless as to whether he found a cigarette or not. Concentrating on his bladder briefly, he found that although he didn't need to pee yet, he could if he chose to. A quick stop at his local shop to grab a half litre bottle of ice tea would guarantee his need would only increase. Prior to meeting Amy, he'd never drank it before, but now he found that he not only liked the taste, but it had the added benefit of travelling to his bladder very quickly. He started guzzling it as he walked home, and managed to consume over half of it by the time he arrived.

He wasted no time in visiting the laundry, and pulling the bag of wet clothes from his pack. Again he contemplated just trying to wash them and not saying anything about what had happened, but finding the washing machine empty soon put paid to that idea. If there had been other stuff ready to wash, his mum may not have noticed, but if she found he'd been washing only his shorts, boxers, and onesie by themselves, well, she wouldn't need to be Sherlock Holmes to work out why. Emitting a deep sigh, he just dumped his clothes in the machine, and left them. The wet Goodnight and wipes stayed in the bag, which he took out to the bin.

After kicking his shoes off in the hallway cupboard, he took the drink up to his room, aware that his need to pee was already slightly higher than it had been before. "No doubt about it," he thought, "the iced tea really worked!"

He quickly removed all his clothing, except for his pull up. "Now to decide on what to wear," he thought. Searching through his wardrobe and drawers yielded multiple options. Jeans, sweats, or long pants were quickly overlooked, as he wanted to be able to easily hide the evidence of his misdeed. He pulled out and contemplated various pairs of briefs and boxers, as well as his speedos. They were an option, he could go for a swim afterwards to disguise his "accident," but while it wasn't exactly a cold day, it was only mild at best, and swimming just didn't appeal to him. The idea of peeing in his pyjamas while going commando was something that he was sort of keen on, but once again, not being able to disguise or hide them, made it an unviable option.

He had fond memories of a particular pair of light blue Pokemon briefs that he'd owned when he was younger, and he suspected that they may still be packed away in the hallway cupboard, along with a lot of other stuff he had outgrown, but his mother had never gotten around to throwing out, but time was limited, and he didn't want to waste it by searching for them. Besides, they probably wouldn't fit him anyway. That was something to perhaps remember for future reference.

Dan had been squatting down, resting on his heels, as he looked through his bottom drawer, and when he stood up suddenly, he felt the first minor twitch of real build up hit him. Wanting to get super desperate before he wet himself, he drained the last of his tea. He was standing in front of his mirror, and watched himself as he drank, seeing a still rather under developed looking boy, wearing nothing but a kiddie pull up, with pictures of racing cars on it, that would fade if they got wet. Just the sight of himself in his pull up was enough to make him feel like a little kid again, and little kids were known to do wees in their pull ups.....

Having decided that his Goodnight was probably perfect, he left his room and went downstairs. Even though he was alone, it was still kind of scary, being naked except for his special "night pants," as he used to call them.

In the kitchens junk drawer, he found an open packet of cigarettes, but there was only six left in it. Banking on the fact that his mother had probably forgotten about them anyway, let alone how many might be left, he took one, along with an old lighter. His bladder contracted again, and this time his hand automatically grabbed at the front of his little diaper.

Opening the glass sliding door that entered the patio area, he stuck his head out and looked around. Of course there was nothing to see, as they had high fences to provide privacy for the pool, and unless he stepped around the other side of the house, he was safe from the prying eyes of their neighbors. This was another reason why peeing beside the shed was considered acceptable, because nobody could see him.

The very fact that he was going to go outside wearing nothing but a nappy, which he would wet, and no doubt cause a leak, while he smoked a cigarette, meant that complete privacy was absolutely paramount of course.

Steeling himself with a deep breath, he stepped outside. The only other time he'd ever been outside in an exposed diaper, at least since aged eight or so, was at Amys place, where he'd dropped his pants to wet in front on her, and also wore a swim nappy. But even then, it had been dark when he'd worn his diaper, and he was wearing his pyjama shirt, and even wearing the swimmer, he'd had his singlet on. Now, it was broad daylight, ant his pull up was all he wore, and he felt very exposed.

But very excited though.

He stood under the roof of the patio for a moment, but while he was more hidden there, he was in the shade, and a cool, late afternoon breeze washed across his bare skin, giving him goosebumps along his arms. He shivered slightly, and felt his need to pee jump up into the danger zone. He was holding his cigarette and lighter in his left hand, and he rubbed the open palm of his right across his chest. As he brushed across his nipples, they stood up straight. He did it again, marvelling at the sensation that it provided. Dan had never played with his nipples before, and he was shocked at the tingling feeling that it gave him.

But there was sunlight only a few short steps away, so he stepped into it, fully exposing his diapered body to the world. Well, not really, but that's kinda what it felt like.

His penis twitched inside his pull up, and while he didn't think that he'd leaked, he wasn't one hundred percent sure.

It was incredibly important to him not to have an accident. He wanted to wet himself, but he needed to be in control of it when it happened. But he was tempted to continue holding on though, as he enjoyed the feelings of desperation that he was enduring, safe in the knowledge that if he did lose control, it wouldn't matter.

He stepped beside the shed, which now gave him privacy from being seen, shielded him from the cool breeze, but still left him standing in the sun. He was definitely warmer there.

Dan lit his smoke, and took a tentative draw back. He was lucky not to cough though, as the harshness caught in the back of his throat. He remembered Amy telling him the first time he'd smoked, that her cigarettes were the mildest ones, and a lot easier for newbies to inhale. Obviously, his mother had a preference for a stronger product. He was amazed at the difference, after all, who could of ever guessed that something as vague as smoke could actually taste and feel so different. But, by being careful, he managed to smoke without coughing, something he was sort of proud about.

Enjoying the sunshine on his bare skin, he again absentmindedly rubbed his hand across his nipples. He was aware that this stronger cigarette was making him a bit light headed, but it felt really good though. He took one of his nipples between his thumb and forefinger, and gently squeezed it.

The sensation was incredible, but it almost caused him to wet himself as his body stiffened with unexpected pleasure. It was only being quick enough to push his knees together and hunch over forward that saved his Goodnight from an early drenching.

After a minute or so, with his cigarette nearby finished, he was feeling really woozy, and doing a potty dance, his bare feet making circles in the dirt. But being in control, he was determined to finish it.

It was a close call, but he finished his smoke okay, but was gripping his penis tightly through his special pants with his other hand as he did so. Only then, and after he had buried the butt deeply in the loose dirt,did he tell himself that it was time.

Spreading his legs wide, relishing the warm sun on his bare body, he rubbed his chest again, and said out loud, "I'm in control here."

Then he wet his pants.

*339*2016-06-30 12:48

Chapter 7:

By the time he'd finished, his legs and feet were drenched. His Goodnight was sagging down so far in the front, his penis was threatening to pop out. The fact that it had gone semi hard, and was almost standing erect,was helping with that. He squeezed himself tightly with one hand, stiffening his boyhood even more, and wringing a trickle of pee out of his wet nappy at the same time.

He felt himself turning into "Little Dan" once more. It was like being a small child again, wetting himself behind the shed, or walking around in a wet nappy. He had to resist the temptation to start playing in the dirt or something.

But, playtime was over. He rinsed his dirty feet under the tap, then started walking around on the warm cement, leaving a quickly fading trail of wet footprints behind him until his feet were dry. Once they were, he padded inside, and put the lighter back in the drawer where he'd found it. Then he ran to his room.

Examining his reflection again, he saw how faded, swollen, discoloured and saggy his pull up was. He was a bit disappointed that even though it was hanging very low, he still couldn't detect any hint of pubic hair showing on his semi exposed private area. He had a patch of it around his willy, but it was taking a long time to continue growing in a more northerly direction.

How or why exactly he could think of himself as looking more grown up while wearing a wet pull up made no sense, even to him, but the thought had run across his adolescent mind anyway. It only took a few moments to wipe his legs and feet with a cloth and dispose of his pull up. He then traded it for a grown up version, and put his ankle socks and pyjamas on, even though it wasn't yet five o'clock. He just felt as if he'd had enough of dealing with the stress of the outside world for one day. He briefly considered masturbation, but although he felt aroused, he was still enjoying feeling little again. Instead, he brushed his teeth, and spent a very relaxing ten minutes just laying on his bed, sucking his thumb.

Eventually the turmoil of his hormones was under control again, and he padded downstairs to tackle the minimal amount of homework that he had. He was certainly much more relaxed since his little playtime had concluded.

Dan was finishing his homework as his mother pulled up. The sight of her son wearing his pyjamas at half past five in the afternoon alerted her that something, more than likely accident related, had occurred.

"Are you alright mate?"

Dan had been feeling good since his little time, but Sues question had unlocked the miserableness that he'd been feeling earlier, almost as if a magical switch had been pulled. For the second time that day, he felt tears starting to brim at the corners of his eyes.

"I haven't had a good day mum," was all he said.

Sue was wild when she heard what had happened. She threatened to storm into the Principals office first thing in the morning, and set it straight. But Dan, a bit worried about having already upset Mr Davies, managed to calm her down.

"It wasn't really his fault mum. He was only like a stand in until Father Ryan got there. He didn't know! Please don't make a scene out of it!"

"And you think that others wouldn't make a scene if they saw you have an accident Danny? This is why we made sure to tell them about your problems, remember? So stuff like this couldn't happen!"

"I know mum. I'm not saying don't say anything, just don't make a big deal out if it, that's all."

Sue sighed, and seemed to calm down. "I'm sorry mate. You're right, I won't make it any harder for you, but I WILL be ringing them tomorrow, and reminding them about their responsibilities though!"

She reached into her handbag, and cursed under her breath. "Now I'm out of smokes! Great!"

Dans blood froze, as she got up and opened the junk drawer, removing the nearly empty packet of cigarettes. Opening it, she glanced inside it, "And only five in here as well. Typical." But much to his relief, Sue offered no further comment, but instead got up and walked outside to have one. The boys heart was pounding in his chest. For an awful moment, he was sure the missing cigarette was going to be noticed. He quickly decided that he would never, ever, steal a cigarette again.

When he was sure that his breathing was again under control, he followed his mother outside. His accident wasn't mentioned again, instead, Sue relayed a funny incident that had occurred in her office that day.

Then, she surprised him. "By the way, your bulk orders of supplies arrived this morning. It was lucky really, I had to come home and get something, and the delivery arrived while I was home. There's two massive boxes of diapers for you Dan, one of pull ups, and one of tape ups. There's too many for you to keep in your room, so I put them in the spare room. I also got you more Goodnights," her eyes twinkled mischievously, "as well as a present....."

Of course the boys interest was aroused by this, and his mood lifted again. "What sort of present mum?"

"On the table mate. In the white bag. Take it up to your room and see."

Intensely curious, Dan jumped up and ran inside to get the bag. He didn't open it, but felt it instead, intending to wait until he got to his room. He felt a bit deflated when he squeezed it, and could tell right away it was clothes of some sort. A small part of him had hoped it was the FIFA game that he'd been slyly hinting about.

But when he did get to his room and open it, he was extremely happy. Stripping down to his nappy, he quickly put on his new clothes, then admired himself in the mirror, deciding that he liked them, very much.

He started padding back down the stairs, where his mother was waiting expectantly. She stared in delight at the sight of her boy walking down the stairs, looking as cute as ever in his new footie pyjamas.

They were a pair of sky blue, fleecy lined footie pants, and a pullover top with a white middle section, but matching blue sleeves. His diaper just peaked out from the waistband, but he looked as cute as his little girlfriend had done, she thought.

Dan liked them as well. If he were to be completely honest, he felt perhaps a tiny bit silly, but, at the same time, they helped him maintain the "Little Dan" mindset that he had established earlier, and, at last, he finally felt completely relaxed and a lot happier. It had been a long, hard day, but wearing these, he could almost believe that it hadn't happened. It would be nice to wear them whilst Amy wore hers, at their next sleepover. He would send her a selfie later, he decided.

The rest of his evening was a lot more relaxing than what his day had been, that was for sure.

###

Amys day however, only continued in the same positive vein it had started with.

She did well on a surprise test during the afternoon, and although she was starting to need a pee by the final siren, she was able to hold on and not wet herself, making it to the toilet in time before catching the bus.

She had no homework to do, and her mother ordered gluten free pizza for dinner, then produced a DVD of "Grease," a joint favourite of theirs, and told her daughter to put on her big diaper and her pyjamas, basically telling her that it was a toilet optional night, and they would have a girls night in, eating pizza and singing along.

During the movie, she recieved two messages.

One was from Nikki, with whom she had exchanged numbers earlier, thanking her again for talking with her, and again saying how she just couldn't wait to talk again tomorrow.

The second one was a picture message from Dan. It was a selfie taken using his mirror, and it showed him wearing the cutest pair of footie pyjamas she had ever seen on a boy. Her boyfriend was adorable, she thought. She texted him back, telling him how cute he was, and promised to call him after the movie.

She spoke to him for half an hour then, hearing about his horrible day. But as bad as it had sounded, he still sounded quite relaxed and almost upbeat. He told her all about having a smoke and wetting his pull up after school, and although it sounded kinda hot to her, she still chided him for smoking, as they had agreed it was going to be a weekend thing only. But he made her laugh, and she couldn't stay mad at him.

She didn't even have a big accident all night, only a couple of minor leaks, and her big nappy was dry enough to wear to bed.

Before she switched her light off, she started thinking about her conversation with Nikki. She thought about how Nikki had lifted up her dress, and showed her how wet her little girl style panties were. For goodness sake! Who wore "My Little Pony" knickers at high school? Wet ones at that! She thought that Nikki did look kinda cute though, in her wet panties and little girls uniform.

Amy wriggled a bit as she thought of it. Until she had met Dan, she had never met another kid who wet on purpose before, and even Dan had needed to be sort of convinced that what he sometimes did wasn't necessarily a bad thing. Now she had met a girl who did it as well. But this girl only did it for fun, there was no preceding medical reasons, but rather just for the sheer enjoyment of it.

Without realising what she was doing, Amy slid a hand inside her diaper. She found that spot that was nice to touch, and thought about Nikki wetting herself on the oval, and what it would have looked like. Her hand started tracing circles down there as she thought about the other girls see through wet panties, hiding under her uniform, as she went back to class.

Then her thoughts swung towards her boyfriend, and she imagined him hiding behind his shed, naked apart from his kiddie pull up, wetting himself on purpose, then putting a big fluffy diaper and his new footies on.

Her fingers went faster and faster. She opened the picture of Dan on her phone again, and somehow managed to think about Nikkis wet pants at the same time.

It didn't take long before Amys back arched off the bed, and she lay still shaking with pleasure for awhile.

Amy slept well that night.

*341*2016-07-02 02:12

Chapter 8:

Lunchtime couldn't come quick enough for Amy, she was dying to hear more of Nikkis stories. She ate as quickly as possible, went to the toilet, and then hurried around the back of the gym towards the playing fields. Nikki was already sitting on the bench, and Amy was surprised at just how relieved she felt at the sight of her. Although the girls were supposedly talking for Nikkis benefit, Amy herself was just as desperate to hear another girls perspective on their strange habit.

Nikki was positively glowing with excitement at seeing her new friend. She squealed "Amy!" Thank God, I thought you might've changed your mind!"

Amy was grinning excitedly herself, "No chance! I just hadta go to the loo first!"

"But why? You've got one of lovely big pull up things on! Why not just use that?"

"Only cause I hate changing at school. Even though I'm on first name terms with the nurse, and she's really nice, it still feels kinda awkward when I go there. You know what it's like telling a grown up that you've wet yourself? Just feels funny. I only use my nappies on purpose at school if I need to do a pre-emptive strike."

Nikkis brow furrowed in confusion. "A pre what? What's that?"

"Pre emptive strike. That's what I call them anyway. It's when I can feel the need to pee building up, but I know that I won't be able to get to the toilet for a while. Instead of trying to hold on, which I can't do for very long anyway, and which will only lead to me losing control and flooding myself, I'll try to gently wet instead. You know, do it slowly and control it. That way my nappy has less chance of springing a leak. I mean it's only gonna end up wet if I don't, but if I pee early enough, it can stop me from having it running down my legs if I lose control. It's like a strategy I use sometimes."

The smaller girls eyes were gleaming with excitement. "Oh my God! I sooo wish I could wear a nappy and do that too!"

"Believe me Nik. You really don't want to wish yourself into diapers. I'd be a liar if I tried to tell you that it's never ever fun, cause it can be sometime, but I wish so badly that I didn't need them. Dan and I have talked about it, and we both agree. We both really wish that we didn't need them, but even if we didn't, it would be nice to like wear them occasionally. Just not HAVE to wear them, if you know what I mean."

Nikki nodded solemnly, "Sorry Amy, I wasn't like trying to make light of it at all. You are right, it would be suck to need them I guess, but I'd definitely kinda like to try them though. Probably not at school though. Maybe just like at home and stuff."

"So anyway Nik, I want to hear more of your background stuff. Don't worry, I'm gonna tell you my stuff as well, but I think that we're quite similar, ya know? I'm really interested in just how you started wetting for fun exactly."

Nikki was obviously anxious to talk. There didn't appear to be the slightest trace of the nerves that she had displayed yesterday. In fact, she was eager to discuss things. Amy guessed, quite correctly, that after getting over the initial embarrassment of admitting that she wet herself, then the shock of finding out that she wasn't alone with her secret kink, that she had had time to process what she'd heard, and was now desperate to learn as much as possible.

"Wellll, it's just like I toldya, I guess. I've always had maybe just a kinda weakish bladder. Not too bad of course, just a little weak. Mum says I was a bit late to toilet train, and I was still wearing daytime nappies at four, although I don't really know if that's kinda old or not. The little girl next door who I babysit for, Mikayla, she's four, and she's not toilet trained at all. But apparently Troy was out of his day nappy when he was only three, so I was slower than him, that's for sure!"

"Did your brother ever wet himself, or his bed, like when he was younger?"

"Only a couple of times. I saw him wet his pants maybe three times, but that would've been before he turned ten, and I remember him wetting the bed twice. Once when he was probably nine, just like for no reason, and again when he was fourteen, but that time he was pretty sick. He had the flu, and mum made him drink a lot of fluids, and he fell asleep during the day. He was really upset about that one. Mum was really nice about it, but he had to eventually get a new mattress, cause mum never got the stain out of it."

She was grinning mischievously, "I saw him shit in his pants once as well! I would've been eight, and he was twelve. We were at our aunties place, and having a water fight with our cousins. There's twin boys a year younger than him, and a girl the same age as me. We've all grown up together, and we're pretty close. But cause Troys the oldest and biggest, he always ended up like bossing us around a bit, and being in charge kinda. But this one day, we were all running around with our super soakers and water bombs, playing girls against the boys, which was kinda unfair, like three against two, and they were bigger than us."

She paused for a drink, and like yesterday, Amy found herself sharing some of it. "Anyway, I didn't see him actually do it. We were filling up our guns at our tap, and the boys were using another one, when my cousin Aiden came running around the corner calling out for our mothers, and yelling out that Troy had had an accident! My mum and aunt came running outside, thinking he was hurt, and we could hear him crying. We went behind the shed where he was, and my other cousin was trying to calm him down. He had the runs apparently, and had pooed in his white shorts! He had a big brown stain on his bum, and it was even on his legs! Jesus, wasn't mum mad about that! She made him take his pants off and used the hose to wash him off, then he had to walk naked back inside for a shower. Afterwards, he came back out wearing a pair of our cousins speedos,but he didn't want to play anymore."

"But anyway, this isn't telling you much about me though. Like I said, I think my bladders just a little bit weak maybe. It's not like a problem or anything, but I do need to pee a lot, and I don't seem to be able to hold on as long as a lot of other kids do. My girl cousin who I was just talking about, well, her and me, we'd always play like holding on games with each other when we had our swimsuits on, but we never ever told the boys of course. We'd run around in the backyard playing until one of us gave up and went to the toilet, or wet her swimsuit. We only did it when our swimsuits were already wet though, so nobody else knew. But I don't think I've ever won a game yet. She beats me every time!"

Amy was intrigued by Nikkis use of the present tense. "So you guys still do this?"

"Hell yeah! Although not as much these days. When we were kids, we'd just run around under the hose and stuff, cause neither of us has a pool, but we feel a bit stupid doing it now. But if we go to the beach or stuff, we always do it. I'm looking forward to this weekend. It's the last one that Adventure World is open for, so Tyler and I are going there. It's gonna be the first time that we've been allowed to go on our own too! No adults! We'll play some holding on games then for sure!"

Amy clapped her hands. "Danny's taking me as well! I've never been, and it sounds so cool, I can't wait!"

Nikki smiled. "The last weekend is always packed. I reckon every kid in Perth is going. It'll be awesome!"

"Anyway Nikki, about your cousin, is she into wetting as well?"

"Oh God no! Not at all actually. I mean she's seen me wet myself a few times, and she's been okay about it, and she'll pee in her swimsuit occasionally, I know that, but she'd never ever do it in her pants. Even when we do our holding game, she usually prefers to go to the toilet instead of wetting in her bathers, although I know she does sometimes."

"We'll have to meet up there Nikki. I can introduce you to Dan. You'll like him. He's a great bloke."

"Definitely! Troy and Cass said he nice. It must be nice to have a boyfriend...."

"It is Nik. It's great. I'll tell you some of what we do eventually, but you finish your story first."

"Okay. So even when I'm by myself, I've always liked holding on, and seeing how long I can last for when I need to pee. But like I told you, it doesn't seem like it's very long. I guess it started when I was little. Like I've said, I didn't like using strange toilets, and I still don't. I always chose to hold on instead. But, I couldn't always hold on long enough, and I'd wet myself in the end. The thing is, I'd still feel better in wet pants than using a difference toilet. It never felt that bad to me, just warm and cozy, at least to start with. I never just deliberately wet myself, I would try to hold on, but if I did have an accident, it never bothered me to much."

They shared another drink, then Nikki continued. "After awhile, I actually started kinda enjoying holding on. It was fun to see how long I could last. I'd usually only do it if I was wearing a dress or skirt and was outside. I'd never risk wetting on the floor. But if was was in my backyard, I'd like drink heaps so I'd need to pee, then I'd do like experiments. You know, I'd jump with my skipping rope, or see if I could run around the house five times, stuff like that. Because it was like an actual proper experiment, I'd never give in and go to the toilet. I'd just keep holding on and doing stuff until I pissed myself. When that would happen, I'd just lift my skirt up and pee through my knickers! I didn't even care if my legs or feet got wet, so long as the rest of my clothes stayed dry. I got away with it a lot, but not always. Sometimes mum would just call me over and check my panties, and if they were wet, I'd get a smack on the bum."

"But she wasn't so harsh if we were out. She knew that I hated public toilets, so she usually made sure I only wore dresses or skirts when we went out, just in case. A few times she even told me to wet myself, cause she knew I was busting."

This got Amys attention, as it was similar to her own experience. "Like how or when Nikki? And how old were you?"

"Quite often really. There's been a few times in car parks. We've been shopping, I've needed to pee, but I've refused to use the restroom, so when we've gotten back to the car, mums let me wet myself before I've gotten in. Then I've had to take my knickers off before sitting down. When I was younger, she'd take me to the playground, and although she always made me go to the toilet before we left home, if I needed to go again, she'd tell me to go and stand on the grass and go. Also at Troys football games. We'd go and watch him on a Saturday morning, and some grounds only had porta potties, and there is absolutely no fucking way that I'm ever using one of those, so mum let me wet myself instead. You asked how old I was? That was mostly before I turned ten. But there's been a few times when I was older, even recently.....,"

Amys eyes were now shining with interest. "How recently Nik? What happened?"

"Well only a month ago really. We went down to Rockingham to the beach, and you know that's only like half an hour away?" Amy nodded, so Nikki continued, "Well there was only mum and me, Troy was with his mates somewhere, so we went for a drive just for something different. Before we left, mum told me to make sure I peed in the ocean first, which I did. I dried off as best as I could, then put my shorts and t-shirt on over my one piece. On the way home, we got stuck in traffic on Rockingham Road. There was an accident. By the time we got past it, I needed to pee again, I guess cause I was drinking like heaps all day. Mum wanted to stop at a petrol station, but I just flat out refused. I begged her to pull over, saying I'd just take my shorts off and wee through my bathers, but she wouldn't let me do that beside the road. She got kinda mad, but ended up getting me to fold our towels up, and we had like three of them, then sit on them, and wet myself in the car."

Nikki saw Amys eyes widen even further upon hearing this. So she hastened to add, "Believe me Amy. That was one time that I definitely didn't just deliberately do it on purpose. But I did have an accident though. It was kinda horrible to tell the truth. I had pink shorts on, and they were a bit damp from my bathers, but not too bad. I had like my thighs clamped together really tightly, with my hands squeezed between them, and I'm rocking backwards and forwards on the seat, my feet are bouncing around, and I was starting to cry. Mum was trying to be supportive, and telling me it was alright, and not to worry about it, but I just didn't want to wet myself sitting next to her."

"So? What happened? Tell me!"

"Well mum must've gotten a bit distracted by me carrying on, and wasn't watching the road properly. The next thing, the car in front of us stopped, and she had to like jam the brakes on. I went forward into the seatbelt, and it squashed against my tummy. Before I knew what was happening, I was just full on pissing myself and I couldn't stop. We had pulled up at the lights, and there were people everywhere, and my pink shorts were turning darker and darker, and pee was soaking into the towels. I started crying, mum was trying to calm me down, but she couldn't, and I just couldn't stop until I'd emptied my bladder."

She glanced at Amy, then lowered her eyes a touch.

"But ya know what? It was absolutely horrible at the time, but a part of me still kinda enjoyed it I think. I mean, it was a real accident, and my mum had told me it was okay, and although it felt embarrassing, nobody but her saw it. I mean I know it sounds kinda fucked up, but it was almost nice to have a public accident, get away with it, and not get into trouble either, you know?"

Amy gave her a knowing look, "Yes Nik, believe me, I know exactly what you mean. It's what I do like about wearing nappies. I get that same feeling as well."

The look of relief on Nikkis face was evident. She had been so scared of talking to Amy, fearing that the older girl would not only hate her, but publicly out her as well. To find out there was another kid who enjoyed the same things as she did, was beyond her wildest dreams.

"That's about it in a nutshell Amy. I have a sorta weakish bladder, I sometimes have accidents, but I like holding on as well, which causes them. If I can get away with it, I'll wet myself on purpose as well. So now you know my deepest darkest secrets!"

"Not all of them Nikki. What about your bed wetting?"

"Not much more to tell you on that. It's like I said yesterday, I used to wet the bed accidentally until I was like nine, then I grew out of it. I kept doing it on purpose though, because I really liked wearing pull ups, and I wanted mum to let me keep wearing them, but she didnt. But I still wet the bed on purpose sometimes, just because it's fun, and I can still get away with pretending it's an accident."

Her eyes and voice lowered, and her shoulders slumped a bit. Sounder sadder, she added, "I guess I'll have to stop doing it soon though. Mum always threatened to take me to the doctors if I was still wetting the bed when I turned thirteen. That was over a month ago, and I've wet it three times since then, including those two nights in a row, which I really shouldn't have done. I keep telling myself that I'm gonna stop doing it, but it's sorta fun, you know?"

"I'm afraid that's one part I don't agree with you on, Nik. I hate wetting the bed," her eyes glinted though, "But I do sorta like the heavy morning diaper though!"

This elicited a giggle from both girls.

"I'm still dying to hear your stories Amy, but I've gotta go to the toilet, I've been holding on since recess, and I'm getting desperate!"

"Why don't you just do what you did yesterday? Pee your panties over there?"

Sounding a bit disconsolate, she explained, "I don't dare do that today. Mums picking me up after school, and we're going clothes shopping. She'll probably see me in my knickers, and I can't afford for them to be wet or stained if she does."

"Fair enough I guess. Come on, I'll go with you, and I'll tell you all about what I like to do as we walk....,"

And she did.

*344*2016-07-05 00:59

Chapter 9:

It's simply amazing just how quickly your mood can change when you're a teenager. On Monday afternoon, Dan felt as miserable as he had ever felt, but by Wednesday morning, he was on top of the world again.

He had woken up ten minutes before his alarm sounded, with a dry diaper. He had slept all night, not waking up to pee earlier, so for him to still be dry in the morning was rare. He had to hurry to the toilet though, and had a worrying moment as he tried to undo his tapes without causing any damage, but he was successful. Hurriedly swinging his now bare backside around, he sat on the toilet only mere seconds before his pent up urine started flowing.

Sighing with relief, he reached down and pulled his nappy out of his pants, and carefully inspected it. Yep, bone dry! And that was two days in a row as well!

He hitched up his footie pyjamas, flushed, and washed his hands. He carefully folded the dry diaper up for future use, and admired his reflection in the mirror. Admittedly he did feel a little bit weird in his footies, but he was now beginning to think of them as his lucky pyjamas. He'd worn them to bed on Monday night, and had woken up during the night to use the toilet, and now, somehow managed to sleep all night and still wake up dry!

Totally freaking awesome!

Now he was going commando, he enjoyed the feeling of the warm fleece caressing his boy bits, and gave himself just a quick squeeze as he looked at his reflection. He felt his boyhood stir slightly, so he quickly took his hand away. Walking downstairs sporting an erection simply would not do.

Still having some time left, Dan switched his alarm off before it could sound, and lay back down on the bed, stretching his legs out straight in front of him. He grinned a bit as he saw his toes curling inside his footies. Yes, he probably looked stupid, but they were soooo comfortable!

The boys mind again floated back to the day before, and the other incident that had helped to improve his mood so much.

After arriving at school on Tuesday morning, he had, as usual, visited the boys room. As he stepped out, back into the throng of students, he heard his name called by a grown up.

"Daniel. DANIEL! May I have a word please?"

Swivelling around, Dans blood froze at the sight of Mr Davies, who towered over the heads of the grade eight boys. Gesturing with his hand for Dan to walk with him, the boy had no other option but to comply. They walked together in silence until they were away from the gathering students, and once they had some privacy, the teacher spoke.

"Daniel. I'm not in the habit of doing this as a rule, but I'm terribly afraid that I owe you an apology."

Dan was stunned. Out of all the possible outcomes from crossing paths with this particular teacher again, he hadn't considered this happening. Feeling completely shell shocked, he could only stammer "Wh...how... why sir?"

"Yesterday, after you left the classroom, I was a bit upset that you had deliberately circumvented my wishes. I expressed this to Father Ryan, and he explained your somewhat delicate situation to me. Of course, if I had of been aware of your medical issues, I would not have hesitated to grant you permission to leave the room, but I was asked to fill in for Father Ryan at the last moment, so obviously I didn't have a chance to do a complete background check on forty boys. You really should of spoken up Daniel, and told me. Why on earth didn't you?"

"Because none of the other kids know about it Mr Davies. I'd kinda like to keep it that way too, at least for now."

The teachers attitude had softened a lot, and he didn't appear to be anywhere near as strict and authoritarian as he had at first. "So how do you manage it Dan? It must be difficult keeping something like that a secret from your friends."

Dan nervously looked around, making sure that they were still well out of earshot of the other students before he answered, "I wear a pull up, and go to the boys room a lot. That's about it, really."

"I don't want to pry Daniel, but did you have any problems making it yesterday? When I held you back?"

Dan had to think quick. Here was a situation where he could tell the truth with some embarrassment, or easily lie and avoid it. He quickly decided that the truth would probably be a better option, as it might reinforce to the teacher how bad his problem was for future reference, if he should ever find himself in his class again. Also, if he was to be honest with himself, a small part of him wanted Mr Davies to feel bad, at least a bit. His accident the previous day could of had the implications to destroy Dans social life, and he sort of wanted the teacher to suffer at least a bit of guilt.

"I had to change in the toilet sir. I had an accident."

Mr Davies winced visibly upon hearing this.

"Well Master Daniel, all I can say is I am truly sorry about that. I can only expect a visit or a phone call from your folks now, which is understandable, and I will again offer my apologies to them. I hope you understand that a teacher just cannot give permission for his students to be running loose around the school during lessons, but I'm afraid that I made an error of judgment in your case. It won't happen again, and please don't worry, your secret will remain so."

All Dan could do was mutter, "Thank you sir," then the teacher clasped his shoulder lightly and briefly, before turning away and disappearing back the way he'd come.

Dan had felt like the eyes of the entire student body must be on him, and was surprised to look around and notice that nobody had been paying them the slightest attention at all. He looked for his friends, knowing that they at least would have noticed and been curious, but then saw that they were only just entering the playground now, and hadn't even been present to witness his discussion. At least he wouldn't have to explain anything to them.

Now, laying on his bed, and watching his toes wiggling in his kiddie pyjamas, he smiled to himself again. Perhaps his luck wasn't too bad after all. He had gotten away with not only his accident, but his potentially embarrassing talk with the teacher, and had been quick enough to send his mother a text message, explaining that he'd talked to the teacher, who seemed really nice after all, and managed to convince her not to call the school and make a scene.

Best of all, it was Fly-Out Day! His dad was finally coming home after six weeks up north. He'd be home for two whole weeks, and Dan couldn't wait to see him. He still hadn't quite reached that stage of being embarrassed or uncomfortable with his parents, that most teenagers seem to go through. Dan loved his dad a lot, and was so excited to finally see him again. He'd actually been pleading with his mother to let him have the day off from school, so he could go to the airport with her, but she had refused and wouldn't budge on the idea.

Also, Sonia and Amy were coming around for a barbecue, and he hadn't seen his girlfriend in like forever, and he was just as keen to see her again as well.

Shaken from his reverie by the sound of his name being called, he found that he'd been daydreaming long enough to exceed his alarm time, and so he hurriedly donned his dressing gown and went downstairs. When he had put his new pyjamas on for the very first time, he thought that he would probably have trouble gaining traction on the wooden stairs or tiled areas, but the feet portion of his pants were covered with little rubber grippers, and he'd had no problems.

Nor did he have any problems proudly telling his mother that he had remained dry for two nights in a row, or had any accidents whatsoever since Monday. He did strike problems when he tried again for the umpteenth time to wheedle the day off school to go and meet his father though. Sue refused again, but struck a compromise by agreeing to pick him up after school so he would get home faster.

But as the day dragged on, his good fortune held out. He got through the entire day without so much as a leak, and as the final siren went, he only had a mild urge to go. It was so mild, that he almost didn't bother going to the toilet. His mother would be waiting for him, the car ride would be a lot quicker than the bus, his dad was by now waiting at home, and he hardly even needed to go. Surely he'd be able to hold on for another fifteen or so minutes......

But the memories of his disastrous car ride from a week ago, when his mothers car had got caught up in the big traffic jam, and he'd completely flooded his pants, came back to haunt him. It was bad enough having his mother watch his accident, he really didn't want to be getting out of the car to greet his dad while wearing wet pants. So he made a quick pit stop first, just to be safe.

Sue had to suppress a grin. Her son was so visibly excited about seeing his father, it was like watching a little boy on Christmas morning. He couldn't sit still, he couldn't stop talking, and he was full of questions. Eventually, they arrived home, and Dan literally ran inside, looking for his dad. He found him, outside in the patio, cleaning the barbecue.

"DAD!" Dan yelled, and ran outside to hug him.

Even though Dan wasn't exactly small, his father was a big man, and when he wrapped his arms around his son, he could still lift him effortlessly off the ground, as he had been doing since Dan was a toddler.

"DANNY BOY!" His father yelled, holding the boy a foot off the ground and swinging him around as if he was still a child.

"Urgh! Put me down ya bully," Dan squealed gleefully, and drove his elbow into his fathers shoulder. Peter feigned injury, but quickly retaliated with a karate chop to his sons neck. They were soon rolling around on the lawn, laughing and wrestling with each other, while Sue looked on in mock disgust.

"Really Pete," she proclaimed, "you're worse than your son, and that's saying something! Danny! Get off the bloody grass! You'll get stains all over your uniform."

Neither male obeyed immediately, but they were both wise enough to not push the female too far, and eventually they settled down. After another hug, Dan ran upstairs to get changed.

He quickly stripped all his clothes off, when he noticed something for the first time. His Goodnight was wet. It wasn't saturated, and certainly hadn't leaked, but it was wet. Dan realised that he had wet himself with excitement while wrestling with his dad! Thankfully, he had emptied his bladder before leaving school, so he hadn't peed much, but it was still disconcerting to discover that he had actually peed himself and not noticed it at all. This took some of the gloss off his mood, but he was determined that it wouldn't spoil it completely. After all, nobody but him knew about it, so it wasn't a big deal.

He dressed himself in his Eagles shirt and shorts, for the simple fact that his father was a Dockers fan, the other Perth based AFL team, and their greatest enemy. Daniel and Peter enjoyed a fierce but friendly rivalry about their respective teams. Not worrying about shoes, he padded barefoot back downstairs to the patio.

"Aw Jesus mate! Have you run out of decent clothes to wear? Won't your mother buy you any good stuff? Don't worry, I'll get you a Dockers shirt later!"

This started another good natured argument between them, which was completely normal. Dan helped his father set everything up, and their conversation swung towards what they had both been up to. With the barbecue now ready for use, Peter sat down, and opening a beer, he poured a small glass which he gave to his son, and motioned for him to sit down. This was a tradition that had developed between them since Dan had turned thirteen. On his first day back from his swing, Peter would allow his son a small glass of beer, and they would talk, man to man. One small consolation for Dan, was that they had already discussed, at length, his medical issues, his doctors visit, and his recent conversion towards adult diapers for home use. Dan planned on discussing wearing them to school, and "coming out" to his friends about his incontinence, but not today. Today, he just wanted to enjoy his fathers company, without being weighed down by heavier issues.

"So mate, tell me about your girlfriend. You've been holding those cards pretty close to your chest! Your mums told me more about Amy than you have. So come on, spill it!"

Dan felt the blush rising high on his cheeks. He wasn't sure exactly why, but he felt a bit embarrassed talking about it.

"I dunno what to tell you dad. She's really cool. She's like really pretty, she's smart, and we get along like really really well." He paused, looking shyly at his dad, "I guess mum told you that Amys like incontinent too?" Peter nodded. "Well we kinda like understand what it's like, ya know? Being a kid with problems I mean. It's one thing to like talk to your parents or doctors, but it's not the same as talking to another kid about it."

Peter sat in silence as his son spoke, and they both took a sip of their drinks.

"But it's not just about the bad stuff though. We like the same stuff, like movies and music and stuff, and just, I don't know, have a lotta fun together I guess!"

"I hope you're not having TOO much fun mate. You wouldn't do anything bad I hope?"

"Ah shit dad. This is what mum keeps on about! We're like fourteen remember? We're not gonna start having babies and getting married and stuff!"

Peter laughed, "Don't let your mum hear you swearing buddy, you know what she's like. She'd crack the shits!"

This caused them both to laugh uproariously. Already, their bond was again as intact as it had been before.

"Anyway dad, you'll meet her soon. Mum says you know Sonia?"

He chuckled at the question, "Yeah, before you kids were born, and before she got engaged, we all used to party together. There was quite a group of us that would go out all the time. Sonia was your mums best friend, and they always did stuff together. I'm looking forward to seeing her again, as well as meeting Amy of course!"

They did discuss Dans incontinence, but only in general terms. Pete never put his son on the spot by asking direct questions. He understood that Dan didn't enjoy discussing his accidents or bed wetting in specific details, so they just discussed things like what tactics he was employing to deal with it, and how he was coping at school. It became apparent to Dan that his father didn't know about his recent accident, and decided not to tell him.

It was just so hard being fourteen, and telling your father about wetting your pants.

Danny had a minor amount of homework to complete, and he wanted it finished by the time Amy arrived, so he went up to his room to do it. He discovered that even though he'd only drank a fairly small glass of beer, that it was still enough to make concentrating a bit more difficult, but he managed to get through it okay.

He did however get a sudden urge to urinate that almost overwhelmed him without notice. He knew that it was the beer, as it had happened to him before. Every time he drank it, it seemed to go through him quickly, and even though he'd peed before leaving school, then apparently had an accident while wrestling with his father, he almost wet himself as he did his homework. He was seated at his desk, diligently working on his algebra, when suddenly his penis twitched, and he'd almost squirted in his shorts. Jumping up quickly, he grabbed his crotch, and hurried into his bathroom, where he decided to pee in the shower because he didn't trust himself enough to get his pants down while maintaining his aim into the toilet. It was close, but somehow he kept his briefs dry.

Sweating slightly from his close call, he decided to put another Goodnight on, just in case it happened again.

Feeling a lot safer then, he finished his homework, checked the time, and was delighted to see that Amy and her mother were due to arrive at any minute. His feet were a bit cold, so he put his white ankle socks on, and was walking down the stairs as he heard a car pulling up in the driveway.

*347*2016-07-05 08:05

{{3 hours ago, Lunx said:

I have been following this amazing story of yours for awhile. I love it truly and if it could go on forever I think that would make me very happy. I feel like you make the characters very real and possible. They also feel like friends since we know them so well. Keep up the amazing work!!!

}}

Thank you! Glad you're enjoying it.

*349*2016-07-06 22:31

Chapter 10:

Dan opened the door, and saw a taxi reversing out, as Sonia and Amy walked up the driveway, each carrying a bag. He hurried out to take the bag from Sonia, who gratefully relinquished it, but warned him to be careful as there was glass inside.

He stood aside, letting her get to the door first, then he grinned at Amy. She was as pretty as ever, again wearing a denim skirt, albeit a shorter one, teamed with the black and white striped knee socks that he liked, and a dark blue blouse. Her blonde hair was worn loose, and again featured coloured streaks, pink this time.

Marvelling at how gorgeous she was, and yet again almost unable to believe that she was actually his girlfriend, he leaned over and pecked her lightly on the cheek. Amys response was different however, she threw her free arm around his neck, pulled his head down close, and kissed him flush on the lips. Feeling a bit breathless, he stepped aside, and let her lead the way into the house, where they walked in on their mothers embracing, while Pete stood off to one side, grinning.

Once the women had released each other, Sonia and Pete faced each other, threw their arms open wide, and screamed each other's names out, before wrapping each other in a big hug. It was obviously something that they had done many times before, that had some hidden meaning for the grown ups.

Peter turned his attention to Amy, holding out his right hand in a gentlemanly fashion. "And you must be the lovely Amy, who has managed to steal my sons heart with your beautiful looks and charms," he performed an exaggerated bow, "I can see my boy has inherited my preference for pretty women, I am charmed, I'm sure!"

"Daaaad," Dan moaned mournfully, feeling embarrassed by his fathers antics, while Amy giggled girlishly, liking Peter at first sight.

Sonia took her bag from Daniel, thanking him for carrying it. Reaching inside, she produced a bottle of Amys favourite iced tea, two bottles of wine, and a bottle of expensive looking scotch, which she wiggled in front of Peters face first, then Sues.

"Remember this? Our trip to Melbourne?"

Sue and Pete both laughed. "Oh God," said Pete, "I remember bits of it, and I'm not sure I want too!" Sue put the tea in the fridge, produced wine and scotch glasses, and the adults headed outside, apparently forgetting about the kids already.

Amy and Dan looked at each other, a bit bemused by what they had seen, then they simultaneously burst into laughter, grabbed each other's hands, and ran up the stairs together.

Once inside Dans room, Amy immediately kicked her Converse off, and collapsed theatrically onto his bed. Dan kicked the door shut, and wasted no time in laying down beside her, immediately wrapping an arm over her, while she returned the gesture with her own arm.

They kissed, softly at first, but not for long. Dan probed her lips with the tip of his tongue, and she responded almost hungrily. Soon their arms were moving, as their hands started exploring each other. Dans hand gently fell across her hip, and ended up on her outside thigh, the hem of her skirt beneath his hand. As they kissed, his hand at first went lower, then slowly higher, until it was under her skirt, and brushing against the side of he diaper. Their kissing didn't slow, as he draped his hand across her backside, and felt how warm and swollen her diaper felt. Her body arched slightly, as he squeezed her buttocks through the sodden nappy.

"I wouldn't squeeze too hard Catholic boy, my nappies pretty wet at the moment," she told him, and she reached down in front of him, and rested her hand on the bulge she could see pressing against the tight little shorts that she liked seeing him in. She rubbed her hand gently upwards along his bulge. "Oh! No diaper! Is that just a Goodnight I can feel? Aren't you a brave boy?"

Then she squeezed him.

Dan felt something impossible. His dick had gotten even stiffer, and he wouldn't have thought that possibility existed. He found himself thrusting forward slightly, pushing his erection into her hand a bit harder.

After kissing for a bit longer, Dan made himself pull away. The signals his body had started sending him, were ones that he was learning to obey. If he didn't break physical contact quickly, he was going to soil his diaper, but in a different way for which it had been designed. They both stopped stroking at each other, and settled for laying beside each other, just holding hands instead.

After their breathing had returned to normal, Amy suddenly spoke up, "Hey Danny boy! Almost forgot! I gotcha a present!"

She sat up, and using her socked foot, dragged her bag across from where she'd dropped it. She muttered to herself as she rummaged around, "Where is the bloody thing? It's here somew........Ah! Gottit!" Speaking to him once more she issued instructions. "No, keep laying still, and close ya eyes. Danny! Close em I said!"

Doing as he was told, Dan could hear the sound of cardboard and plastic being ripped, then Amys weight shifted, and he felt something brush across his lips, something familiar. As he opened his mouth to speak, the mysterious something slipped between his lips, and he recognised the feeling immediately, although it felt slightly different.

Opening his eyes, he was greeted by the sight of Amy grinning at him, with a bright pink pacifier in her mouth, while the one in his own mouth, was light blue. He quickly took it out and examined it. It was a very similar colour to his old dummy, but quite a bit larger, and brand new.

"I got us some new pacis," Amy said gleefully. "Boy and girl ones, but for older kids! They're much bigger, aren't they?"

Dan was stunned. Two nights ago, he was missing his paci terribly. He had rang Amy, but hadn't mentioned it of course. It just wasn't the sort of thing that you would blurt out.

"But why Ames?" He enquired.

The smile on her face faltered a bit. Suddenly, she thought that she'd done the wrong thing. "Well, no reason I guess. It's just, the other night, you sounded so low on the phone, and I thought you sounded like you could, I dunno, maybe like be missing your old dummy or something. You know, to like feel in control a bit? It's no big deal if you don't wan....Hey!

She was cut off mid sentence as he grabbed her, pulling her down again. This time, he didn't kiss her, just held her tightly. "Thanks Ames. Very much," he whispered, and she knew then, that she had been right, and he did miss his old one.

They put their respective pacifiers in, took each other's hands again, and lay there quietly for a couple of moments, just enjoying each other's touch.

Amy broke the silence first. "I need to change," she declared, and taking a fresh pull up from her bag, she disappeared into Dans bathroom.

He lay back, gently sucking on his new pacifier, and really started to feel in control again. His erection was finally fading, his breathing and heartbeat were returning to normal, and he was feeling good. Amy was amazing! "Amazing Amy! It certainly has a ring to it," he thought. He heard the toilet flush, then the taps run, and he quickly adjusted himself inside his pull up before she came back in.

Seated on the bed beside him once more, speaking around the pink dummy in her mouth, she smiled at him. "I love you Dan," she whispered.

"I love you too," he replied speaking around his own dummy and grinning back at her.

"I know what we should do," she declared suddenly. "We'll get married! Tonight! We'll run away! Run away, get married, join the circus! Whaddya say?"

Dan looked forlorn, "Gee Ames, I'd like to and all, but I've got a maths test tomorrow!"

"Dammit," she declared, "we're foiled because of math!"

They laughed heartily at their joke, then Amy put her pacifier back into her bag, and grabbed Dans wrist, pulling him upright. "C'mon, they'll be missing us by now! We'd better go down."

The patio lights were on, as was the gas heater. It was truly Autumn weather now, still mild to warm during the days, but night time was throwing its cloak of shadows earlier each day, and once the sun went down, the temperature headed in the same direction. Sue took one look at her son, in his shorts and sleeveless top, and strongly suggested that he change into something warmer. He made the effort to sigh exaggeratedly, but decided, as usual, that his mother was right.

Alone in his room again, he at first took his new dummy from the drawer, and put in in his mouth. Standing in front of the mirror, he slipped off his shorts and top, and now clad only in his Goodnight and socks, watched his reflection as he sucked on it. He was amazed at just how young he looked. It was almost like he could feel "Little Danny" wanting to come out. The combination of his young features, lack of body hair, paci, pull up, and little socks made him look no older than six he thought, although he knew that was a massive exaggeration.

He jumped violently when his door burst open, swivelling around and trying to cover himself with only his hands, and even forgetting the paci that was in his mouth. He thought that he may have peed a little bit as well.

When he saw Amy standing there grinning at him, he was very relieved. His first thought was it was his mum or dad, and that would have been even more embarrassing than this was. She stepped in, shutting the door behind her.

"Little Dan" she squealed, "I've missed you too!"

"What the hell are you doing here Ames? I'm getting changed!"

"Yep. Can see that," she said mischievously. "Just thought I'd get my jumper, ya know? Pretty cool outside."

"Well fuck. Couldn't you knock, you must've been sneaking up the stairs!"

"Yep! Sure was. Thought I might catch you like this, and it was like totally worth it! You look so sweet and cute!"

"You made me piss myself a bit you realise!"

"Really? Let me see...."

Amy took a couple of steps towards him, and when he went to speak, she took the dummy from his hand, said "shhh," and popped it into his mouth, cutting off his speech.

Looking at him square in the eyes, she stood in front of him, and placed her hand on the front of his pull up, and immediately felt his boyhood start to stiffen within it. Her eyes dropped down, and she visually inspected his nappy.

"Hmm. You didn't wee much though. Your little racing cars haven't even faded yet!"

Amy was waiting for Dan to jump back and protest, but he knew this as well, and was determined that he wasn't going to. He actually wasn't all that embarrassed, and was quite turned on by what she was doing. He somehow felt more covered than he had when he had worn and wet just his speedos in front of her, and of course she had seen him in Goodnights and swim diapers before, so the scare factor was getting less each time.

When he didn't flinch, Amy was surprised. "I'd better check the lining I suppose," she murmured, and before he could move, she had slipped her index and middle fingers inside his leg guard, and was feeling the lining of his pull up.

And touching his balls at the same time.

"Yeah, it is a little bit wet Danny. But not too bad, hang on, I'll check this bit."

Her hand slid up the inside of it, and rubbed against the underside of his erect shaft. She made no effort to actually grab him, but rubbed the knuckles of her two fingers against his boyhood as she "checked his diaper."

"Perhaps I should change you, just in case."

Dan started to protest at hearing that, but not very much. A part of him secretly wanted her too, and he had thought about her doing it many times before.

"Lay down," she commanded, "where do you keep your proper diapers?"

Without speaking, Dan just pointed at his bottom bedside drawer while he sucked faster and faster on his dummy, his breathing and heartbeat again going through the roof.

It was a game of bluff now, and they both knew it. Who would chicken out first? Amy was a bit shocked that Daniel hadn't already ran away screaming. He had proven in the past to be a bit reluctant, at least at first, when she had suggested games. But now, he was just complying with her, and she had almost painted herself into a corner by suddenly offering to change him. But she knew that there was no way of course that he would let her, she just had to not back out first, that's all.

Dan on the other hand was feeling strangely calm. Apart from the briefest touch of her hand against his boy bits, this was nothing that they hadn't already done before. They had touched each other's diapers, peed in front of each other, both in pants and nappies, so he didn't even feel all that self conscious. He had fantasised about her changing him before, but he was also supremely confident that this would not be the time. He knew, that she had bet all in here, and was backed into a corner, so all he had to do, was let her keep going until she chickened out. Which he kinda hoped would be soon.

Amy took a Molicare pull up from his diaper drawer, along with some wipes. She unfolded the nappy, and placed it beside him. For his part, he lay back sucking contentidley on his paci, although he was sucking harder and faster every minute.

They looked at each other, each waiting for the other to recoil in horror, and put an end to the game.

When Dan still hadn't moved, Amy swallowed forcefully. She bent over and grabbed the waistband of his pull up, looked him in the eyes, and paused. Dan was absolutely petrified. Now it looked as if she was going to go through with it, he was having mixed emotions. A part of him strongly wanted her to do this, but now the embarrassment was really starting to set in.

Amy slowly started pulling it down, only an inch or so, now revealing the top of his pubic mound, which she noticed was bald. She pulled again, revealing a bit more, and now the tip of his boyhood was only just covered.

Dan was about to panic. Again Amy was shocking him. She was actually going to do this! He shifted his weight, and started to bring his arms up to grab hers, planning on giving in first and putting a stop to this.

But, before he could move, Amy beat him to it.

In one quick motion, she yanked down quickly, stripping his pull up down past his privates.

He almost choked, tried to roll over, while thrusting both hands into his lap to cover his modesty, and swearing loudly. But Amy surprised him with her strength. She grabbed him on the waist, preventing him from moving too much.

"Show me," she said.

Feeling mesmerised, Dan complied. He slowly took his hands away, and now lay naked on the bed in front of her.

Amy was mesmerised herself. This was the first time she had seen a naked boy in real life since she was six years old and had witnessed her younger cousin. Dans "equipment" was certainly bigger than that, but also markedly smaller than other ones she had seen in movies and online. She noticed that he was circumcised, and had a small patch of pubic hair growing around the base of his shaft, which was standing upright, totally erect. His hands kept trying to cover himself, so she took them in her own, so she could have an unobstructed view.

Dan lay there, now completely naked apart from his socks, with his girlfriend sitting on the side of the bed at waist level, feeling like he was about to pass out with shock. He tried half heartedly to cover himself, but she had grabbed his hands, preventing him from doing so.

A Katy Perry lyric crossed his mind, "It felt so wrong, it felt so right."

That summed it up perfectly, he thought. He was embarrassed, but not humiliated though. Aware that his penis was hard was the worst part, but at least it made it look bigger. There were times when it was soft that it looked absolutely tiny, no bigger than a babies, or so he thought anyway.

Neither of them spoke. After a few seconds, Amy, with trembling hands, picked up the fresh Molicare, and one of his socked feet, sliding it over. Repeating this procedure with his other foot, she slid it up to his thighs, and he hoisted his bare backside off the bed, making his erection probe the air above it like a rocket taking off. He noticed that the tip of it was glistening in the light. With his bum raised, Amy was able to slide the pull up all the way, finally covering up his modesty again. She was super careful not to touch his boyhood at all as she did this.

Once it was snug around his waist, she bent forward, and kissed him on the tummy.

"There we go baby Danny. I've changed your nappy for you!"

$$

