Blade Of Vengeance

Author: frostyjr2

*000*2013-03-28 06:00

For my 200th post, i am going to begin this story.

It is fact-based fiction, and i hope to exorcise some old demons by posting it. Apologies to QT and to RR...

Blade of Vengeance Pt. 1

Three young men sat tied securely to their chairs in a dark, dank basement, clad only in their underwear.

They shivered, both from the cold air, and with a growing sense of dread.

They each had funnels in their mouths, and tubes running down into their stomachs.

There was a large cistern of water suspended above them and water was dripping into the funnels and flowing continuously through those tubes.

Their stomachs were distended, their bladders full to the bursting point.

They were quite uncomfortable; the urge to urinate was getting overwhelming but they couldn’t, because their penises had been bound tightly, and catheters inserted.

There was no way to release the pressure building within.

The last thing any of them could remember was that they had been invited to a party by a very attractive woman wearing a tight black leather outfit. But upon arriving at her house, they found only one other person there, a slightly younger girl who was dressed seductively in a French maid’s outfit.

The young men had taken seats in the living room, and were served drinks by the young girl as the woman watched, an amused smile on her face. She explained the situation to the young men.

She was a dominant mistress; the younger girl was her ‘sub’, and would therefore be obliged to do whatever was requested of her.

The dominant made it quite clear that they wouldn’t be having sex with her, or with her sub.

“However, she’ll be quite happy to play with you in some other ways a bit later, if you so wish,“ the leather-clad woman said. Her voice was soft, with a seductive foreign accent they couldn't place.

The boys couldn’t believe their luck at first.

They were so thrilled at the chance to engage in some hot kinky action that they didn’t notice the sardonic smile on the woman’s lips as she uttered those words.

They jumped at the opportunity, agreeing immediately. Fools...

As the girl served them their drinks, their hands wandered over her body, touching her small breasts and reaching up under the short, revealing black skirt she was wearing. They could feel the tops of her silky stockings, and the garters that held them in place.

Although her face and body displayed no emotion, inwardly she shuddered as they touched her.

She could feel nothing except repulsion and rage.

She took a deep breath to calm herself, her mind drifting backwards to the events that had led them all to this time and place.

It was ten years to the day since she had been abducted and raped by these same three boys.

She had been talking on the net with one of them, and had agreed to go to a comic convention with him.

The day of the convention, he picked her up in his car.

He had two friends with him, but she didn’t think anything was wrong with that at first.

On the way, he offered her a soda. It was a hot day, and the girl drank it eagerly, because she was thirsty.

Being nervous always made her thirsty, and she was starting to get a bit nervous in this car with three unfamiliar boys, who had begun looking at her in a way that was making her very uncomfortable.

She pulled her short denim skirt down as far as she could towards her knees, regretting that she had chosen the outfit she was now wearing. Plain white cotton panties and a matching bra. Over those, a tight white lycra camisole top, a denim jacket and miniskirt, white ankle socks and black low-cut sneakers. A small Hello Kitty backpack to hold personal items: her diary, a water bottle, hairbrush, makeup and cell phone.

An inexperienced and naive girl who attended an all-girls parochial school, she had wanted to look cute that day. She had wanted this boy to like her. She had never been on a date before, and didn't know what to expect; she only hoped he was as nice as he had seemed when they spoke on the computer.

By the time the girl had finished the soda, the uncomfortable feeling had grown stronger, and was now accompanied by a woozy sensation inside her head.

Her vision blurred, and she slumped forward in her seat.

Her last memory was of laughter, and someone saying, “Looks like you’ve caught us another fish, Billy!”

Billy, that was the boy she’d been talking to on her computer. She passed out.

When she woke up again, she was lying naked on a bed in a dark room, tied up tightly in a spread eagle position. She was still woozy and disoriented, but as she realized her helpless position, a feeling of inescapable terror began to engulf her. She tried to call out for help, but her mouth was gagged and she was unable to make any sound except for a soft whimper.

She already had to pee, and her fear made her lose control.

She began to wet herself, soaking the mattress with her hot urine as her bladder released the fluid within, feeling it rushing out from between her spread-apart legs, powerless to prevent it. Then, as the flow diminished, she could feel it trickling down between her buttocks.

Normally, she enjoyed the sensation, but not while in this situation.

Now, humiliation and shame were added to her terror.

How could she have been so trusting, so stupid?

She heard a door open, and one of the three boys entered the room.

“Good, you’re finally awake!“ he said, chuckling. “It’s no fun having sex with a corpse.”

The young girl strained desperately at her bonds, trying to break free, but it was no use.

She had been tied too securely. There was no hope of freeing herself, no way to cry for help.

She was trapped. And over the next few horrible hours, she lived through a hell that no one should have to experience. During her ordeal, she tried to let her mind drift away from what was happening to her, but at that time she did not possess the mental powers of her present-day self.

No, back then she had been a helpless victim, unable to escape either in body or in mind.

And they had had their way with her.

Nine years ago, waking up with a headache and an empty stomach.

She had tried to kill herself with an overdose of pills stolen from her mother, but they had found her lying on the bathroom floor. Her mother called the ambulance that rushed her to the hospital, where they pumped her stomach and then admitted her for psychiatric evaluation.

Diagnosis: severe depression. They could never figure out the cause, and she never told them.

The three boys that had raped her had promised that if she ever told anyone about what they had done to her, they would come back and hurt her again.

After the suicide attempt, she was subject to sudden panic attacks, and the ADD she had already been afflicted with was joined by OCD, which manifested itself in all sorts of strange ways too numerous to detail.

She was, in the words of a former friend, ‘a weird chick’ now.

She was an emotional basket case… a wreck.

Eight years ago, completely alone… family not understanding, people she had once thought of as friends not caring what she was going through.

The darkest time, darker even than before her suicide attempt, because now she knew that no matter how bad the pain got, she would live on and suffer through it. She could not allow herself to take the easy way out.

She was now dependent on antidepressant drugs to dull the constant pain.

Seven years ago, starting college… her grandmother, the only one in her family she had ever felt close to, had passed away the year before. In her will she had left a trust for her favorite granddaughter to attend the college of her choice.

Eager to leave her hometown and its unpleasant memories behind her, she had enrolled in a small liberal arts school in the northeastern USA.

She took the usual classes, but also began to study the martial arts, first by taking self-defense classes that were offered by the college, and then, studying privately with the Japanese woman who taught those classes, progressing slowly but steadily.

Finding a focus at last, a physical pain now overlaying the emotional one.

She started with Aikido, and then moved on to Kendo.

The smooth wooden sword felt strangely natural in her hands, as if she had been born to hold it.

And she began to progress more rapidly.

In her junior year, she found someone who cared for her, and with her help, was able to leave the antidepressant drugs behind her permanently. A ray of light now pierced the darkness that had surrounded her.

And she continued to train, even more intently now. A goal had formed in her mind.

Three years ago, college behind her… sitting at a lunch counter in a run-down section of Tokyo.

The dour, wizened man behind the counter asking, “What can I get you?”

“A sword.” she replied. “A very special sword. A Hattori Hanzo sword.”

The man looked at her intently.

“And why would you have need of such a sword, young one?”

“I have a rat problem.,” she answered. “Yes, a rat problem.”

“Must be a very big rat.”, the man said with a smile.

“Three big rats, in fact.” As she said that, she felt herself smile for the first time in a very long while.

“Funny,” the man said, almost to himself.

“Not too long ago, another pretty girl was here with almost exactly the same problem.”

He nodded his head, and said, “You’d better go upstairs. This will take some time…”

One year ago, back in the USA..

Researching her prey, finding out their current location, their habits, and their vices.

Preparing in secret, continuing to train with fist and sword.

She was hard now, inside and out. Honed physically, mentally, and emotionally.

Watching her prey, and waiting. Waiting for the right moment to strike.

Tonight, that long-delayed moment had finally arrived.

Her three former tormentors sat helpless before her, as helpless as she had been on that fateful afternoon ten years ago. They had not even recognized her when she served them their drugged cocktails; ten years ago she had been just another victim, faceless and soon forgotten. They certainly would not recognize her now that she had changed into a black cotton ninja suit and mask… but this time they would not forget her. They would remember her for as long as they lived, that much was certain. The only question now was how long that period might be.

In her hands she grasped the sheathed sword, the Hattori Hanzo sword she had worked so hard to earn.

The old man would not sell her a sword, not for any price, he had told her.

“The sword will be made to be worthy of its owner,” Hanzo-sama said, “but first, the owner must prove herself worthy to carry such a weapon.” He was not smiling then.

It had taken her four long years to do so, four years of agonizing physical and mental training.

But she herself had become a weapon forged in pain. Four long years…

She had emerged rejuvenated, reborn, and ready.

And he had given her the sword on the day she left him to return to her home in the USA.

Reluctantly, yes; but given it to her all the same.

She had earned it.

His parting words to her: “Use it with wisdom and restraint; for each use takes a toll you will someday be forced to reckon with. This is why I put down my own sword so many years ago. I live now only to atone for my actions. Go in peace, young one. “

But peace was not what she sought; not then… not now.

Her fingers grasped the lacquered sheath of her sword, feeling the cool smoothness of it.

After all the time she had spent with a katana in her hands, it felt natural for one to be there now.

The sword had become an extension of her body, of her mind, and of her will.

And this blade was special.

It had been designed, forged and honed especially for her by the master Hattori Hanzo himself, its weight and balance perfectly suited to her own, its hilt carved to match the size and curvature of her small hands precisely.

It was the perfect weapon for her.

Wielding this katana took no effort; she had only to think of a target, and almost as if by sorcery, the blade would be on its way, slicing easily through whatever lay in its path.

The kill would be quick and painless, unless she wished it otherwise.

But tonight, she wanted it to hurt.

These three boys had hurt her badly, practically destroyed her ten years ago.

They had left her beaten and broken and bruised all over, 16 years old and a virgin no more.

For many years afterwards she could not give herself to anyone, having been so brutally taken, and for awhile it seemed as if she would live out her life alone, without love.

But love had found her, love in the form of the beautiful woman who waited upstairs while she would wreak havoc on those who had almost destroyed her.

The girl slowly began to draw the blade from its sheath, the metal glinting softly in the dim light of the room.

As the boys looked on, the figure in black before them withdrew a long sharp blade from its scabbard. The blade seemed to glow in the darkness, catching what little light there was and reflecting it back to their eyes, which were now wide open with terror.

Even with their heads tilted back to ease the flow of water into their bellies, they could still see the figure before them, now holding a long thin blade in her hands.

They could tell it was a ‘her’ now, because she spoke for the first time.

In the darkness, they couldn't be sure before.

“So, how are we feeling tonight?”, she asked.

“Oh, don’t bother to try and answer, I know you can’t.”

She smiled through her mask, although the boys couldn’t see.

“You boys have always been party animals, up for fun and games. I hope you’ll enjoy my game this time, since you made me play yours ten years ago ’

Although they had no idea what to expect, they all had a sinking feeling that whatever was coming, it wasn’t going to be fun; at least, not for them.

But they were powerless to prevent it happening.

(to be continued)

Please comment, i'd love some feedback on this one !

*003*2013-03-29 03:52

Thanks for commenting, people.

There have been quite a few views, but only you two have said anything.

I am worried that the story is too dark, too overwhelming... but it is what it is.

I want to make the reader feel those feelings, to inhabit that space for a bit, in order to understand me better.

I apologize for the darkness, but the dawn needs midnight, just as midnight needs the dawn.

*005*2013-03-29 17:45

{{: 

- I'm speechless after reading this story, really good but don't know what to feel.-

}}

Thanks for your kind comments !

I think most people who've read it feel exactly the same way...

Not that it's 'really good', (i'm not convinced that it is, but whatever)

But they are not sure how to react.

This is me being naked in public, in a way...

Once again, i must apologize for the discomfort i may be causing.

If it's too disturbing, just tell yourself: it's only a story.

*008*2013-03-30 12:46

Thanks again for taking the time to read and to comment, folks.

I realize that this is kind of a change from my usual stuff;

Very dark, very intense... not easy to deal with.

I am hard at work on Pt. 2, which will be the end of this, i promise.

Please be patient and keep vigil with me awhile longer...

*009*2013-03-31 06:19

Link to Pt. 2:

%https://omorashi.org/topic/13136-blade-of-vengeance-pt-2/#entry526485

*011*2013-04-09 05:05

{{: 

"..."

- Red

I will help you erase these demons from the earth, if you so choose. I will bring sword, fire, and justice. Evil like this deserves to be destroyed in the worst way possible.

}}

Thank you for the depth of your sympathy, LordBlaziken.

I'm glad you took the time to read this, and to read the 2nd part also.

