Buffy Omo Part 1 - Willow. (Requested by vexer6)

Author: Emizzle94

*000*2015-04-09 18:44

Buffy Omo Part 1 - Willow.

So this is going to be set during the time that Buffy was in LA playing a waitress and not being The Slayer. Hope you enjoy it.

The night began as usual. Willow, Xander, Cordelia and Oz were patrolling one of the twelve graveyards in Sunnydale. This was a regular occurrence after Buffy up and left without saying goodbye and it wasn't like they could blame her though after having to go through giving her vampire boyfriend a happy, having him turn bad and torture Giles and everyone else with what he had done and then having to kill him...they guessed that she deserved some respite. But to up and leave without even saying goodbye...it hurt them to think that she didn't care enough to even tell them that she was going.

Currently, Willow was sat against a grave marker keeping an eye on the freshly dug grave that was right in front of her. Chances were that the person buried there wasn't going to rise as a vampire, but she and the others didn't want to take that chance. During the time that Buffy had been gone, the Scoobies'd had to adapt to being without her, learning the best way to dust the vamps and using their combined skills and strength to help. She squirmed a bit, next to her lay several empty cartons of juice and now she was beginning to regret drinking so much. Okay, juice good, drinking a lot of it while on vamp patrol bad. She crossed her legs and stuck her hand between them at the apex, her little finger pressing against the crotch of her jeans as if to reinforce her holding.

Soon, she found herself wishing that this dude would hurry up and show already, the longer she waited, the more the need to pee escalated. Glancing around nervously, she wondered if she would have enough time to just nip behind that tree and relieve herself before the vamp appeared, but then she shook her head. She must really be getting desperate to even think about peeing outside, in the open, where people could see her, publicly! She uncrossed her legs and then crossed them the other way squeezing as tight as she could.

Before long, the amount of juice she had drunk caught up with her big time and she gasped as a wave of desperation came over her. Throwing caution to the wind, she got up and was about to head over to the tree, when she heard rustling. Turning around she almost groaned in frustration when she saw the hand coming up from the grave she'd been watching almost all night. Going back to her previous position, she picked up the stake and got ready, though she was practically dancing on the spot.

As soon as the vampire was out, he took one look at her and tilted his head.

"You're not the Slayer" he said. Willow shook her head.

"N-no, but I'm her friend and I've patrolled with her many times so don't mess with me because I really need to pee and did I just say that out loud?" She asked.

The vampire nodded and she groaned, causing the vampire to shrug.

"Hey, it happens. So...wanna get this over with quickly?" He asked.

Willow nodded and then the vampire charged at her, causing her to let out a little squeak as she lost a bit of control of her bladder. She and the vampire fought for a little bit, well as much as she could considering she wasn't nearly as strong as what Buffy was and the fact that her desperation had reached a whole new level now that she was actively active. Another squirt left her and she doubled over, clutching at her groin, the vampire stopped.

"You gonna make it kid?" He asked.

Willow shook her head.

"I don't think so" she replied.

The vampire just shrugged.

"Look, why don't we just call it a night and I'll uh...I'll go find some breakfast huh?" He questioned.

Willow just glared at him.

"Oh I don't think so" she said.

Then she quickly moved up to him and staked him in the chest, watching as he turned to dust. She stood there for a second, proud of herself until she got a huge cramp in her abdomen, one that caused her to bend over and grab her crotch again. This time though, her bladder gave up the fight and she felt warmth spread over her hands. She gasped as she wet herself, the liquid making a dull patter on the grass and running down her legs into her sneakers.

When she was done, she slowly stood up and thanked the Lord that it was dark and no-one would see what had happened.

