Waiting in Line to Complain 2

Author: New Era

*000*2014-11-01 21:37

This is a fantasy based on the true story "Waiting in Line to Complain

." It describes the happenings before and after the first story. Enjoy the read.

Waiting in Line to Complain 2

Maria worked in small gift shop. Today she had planned to go to an electronics store to complain about a problem with her phone during her lunch break. At her lunch break she had an urge to pee, but decided to go straight to the electronics store and get her complaint dealt with first. Else she might not have enough time to do it. She hadn't peed since this morning, but told herself she'd be ok.

The walk to the store went fine. Then she needed to wait in line. After waiting for 15 minutes she knew she wouldn't make it back to her own work in time. Her break was only 30 minutes. She had walked for 10 minutes and waited for 15 minutes, so she had only 5 minutes left. Her colleague was going to be annoyed if she was more than a little late, because she hadn't had her break yet. And also, she couldn't stand still because she had to pee.

What happens at this point in the story is described in the story "Waiting in Line to Complain."

After waiting for an additional 20 minutes and spending 10 minutes at the service desk she could finally walk out of the store. Now she had two needs: she strongly wanted to pee. In fact, her bladder was swollen and had started hurting. She knew that in just a few minutes she could be in trouble and have difficulties holding on.

Also, she was 25 minutes overdue on her break, and the walk back was 10 minutes. She decided to be a good girl and not stray away to look for a bathroom. Instead she'd walk straight back, unless she came by a bathroom on her way out of the shopping center.

Maria walked as quickly as she could. Four minutes into her walk her bladder hurt so much that she regretted not trying to find a bathroom before leaving the building. The cold outside had intensified her urge to release her pee. And the waistband of her jeans dug into her bladder with every step. She longed for a desperate pee before going back onto her shift.

5 minutes later Maria returned to her workplace. The moment she came in the door the other employee, named Tamsin, greeted her: "Maria! Finally, you're back, I'll go on my break now" and ran into the back room before Maria could ask her to wait.

Maria went to stand behind the checkout. When she stood still she immediately started losing control, so she had to shuffle around. Her bladder was so swollen and painful that it hurt. And her sphincter muscles felt so tired and unwilling to obey. She realized she was desperate and would soon be having an emergency. She needed to get to a bathroom right away.

She wanted to ask Tamsin to cover for her, but right then a male customer walked up to her with his goods. She was covertly doing a continous pee dance while ringing in his goods and accepting the payment. "Thank you, sir, and have a nice day!" she forced herself to say in an upbeat voice. Although she may have swallowed the last word. And her forced smile turned into lip biting the moment the customer turned around.

Maria peeked into the back room, but there was no one there. To get to a bathroom Maria would have to go through the back room, then through a hundred meters of corridors, so she needed someone to cover for her. Tamsin must have left - for the bathroom, or to buy lunch.

Another customer was waiting, and Maria hurried to help her. Despite her best attempts at pee dancing and clenching she felt urine seep out of her urethra and into her panties several times before the customer left. Her urethral muscles were disobeying her, and she knew she needed to find a place to relieve herself NOW.

There were two customers in the store, but they weren't at the checkout yet, so she pressed three fingers hard into her crotch and ran into the back room.

She felt more warmthness in her panties and knew she was having an accident - right there and then. She couldn't reach a bathroom with her pants dry, and looked frantically around for something to pee in.

Despite standing bent over with her thights clenched together and holding herself hard it was a losing battle. Her fingers were getting wet and she saw a tennis ball sized spot. She didn't understand how it was possible that her urine was seeping out of her with her ultimate effort to restrain the flow, but it was.

At this point she realized she only had two options: soak her jeans fully or draw them down and release her predicament onto the floor. An inner image of herself, standing in fully piss soaked jeans and serving customers, horrified her. She decided to, against her will, release her burstingly full bladder onto the back room floor.

Frantic, Maria unbuttoned her jeans. As she released the grip on her crotch the urine started to flow fully. Warm urine poured uncontrolledly into her pink panties and blue jeans for several seconds before she got them down and squatted.

Her pee waterfalled onto the floor. Every imprisoned drop wanted to be the first one out. She started to feel relieved, but her bladder was only half empty. She let out a sigh and let it all flow out of her and onto the wet floor.

"Anybody there?" a voice called. "The customers!" she remembered. She pulled up her jeans and saw that they had a large wet spot on them. She looked around her and saw a shirt with the store logo on it and quickly tied it around her waist. It hid the pee soaked area, but anyone who could put two and two together would understand there was something that she wanted to hide.

She couldn't let the customer wait any longer and went back on duty. She cringed as she heard a splash with every step she took on the back room floor. Luckily she passed over a rug on her way to the checkout. The customer stared at the shirt covering her crotch, but didn't say anything.

Then Tamsin came back and covered for Maria. Maria went into the back room and got changed into a pair of store uniform pants.

