Wet Car Ride

Author: Marin

*000*2011-09-03 05:21

The sky shimmered blue, the clouds gleamed white, one looking like bugs bunny, and the tree's rich, green leaves danced with the wind, or at least, it would, if her bladder wasn't so darn throbbing. Her tight shorts didn't help either forcing the fluid outward. It took every last bit of strength to keep it from seeping. "Mom I really need to go now!" She said as calmly as she could because she was kind of tired. "Oh I know! I'll get you to a gas station next time I run out of gas!" Her mother replied. She was kind of bent up over efficiency. "Run out of gas!?" She whimpered. The tank was just filled an hour ago and she couldn't stop squirming in her seat. She grabbed her crotch tight and crossed her legs.

Her bladder hurt like crazy and the urge wouldn't stop whining inside her. "Goodness!" Her mother sighed, looking at her gas meter. it was almost totally full, like her poor daughter's bladder. "That is a ways to go isn't it?" The mother concluded. "Well..." She hesitated watching her kid bonce up and down in her seat, shifting her legs, pressing them together, moaning and groaning almost breathless. She shivered with great throbbing urge under her tight shorts. The pressure was so strong it felt like a rock inside her bound to pop the seal like a water balloon. Finally a light, slow stream seeped out for a whole second, soaking her crotch. "Pee your pants!" The mother blurted out. '...Wait, she knows I was kidding right!?' she thought nervously. 'Is she serious!?' The girl thought.

At first it seemed very strange for her mother to say something like that. Another, longer, slow stream of urine forced it's way through. It made a wet spot as big as a base ball and a puddle as big as a pancake where she sat. She pressed her hand hard in her crotch to squeeze back that rock-hard pressure. It was decided, she couldn't take this anymore. The instant she lost her will, the urine jet out hard enough to spray her hand through her pants. The sound of the hot pee jetting out could be heard from five meters away. In the near instant, that hot liquid crept through her crack, then outward, then upward wrapping itself around her whole butt. In that instant the wet spot crawled up and out just under her fly (for her zipper).

The puddle underneath her butt was a half inch deep around her thighs by which time the pee drenched the whole front side of her shorts, and the lower half of the back side (when she's sitting down), but it didn't stop there. The pee drizzled down the seat onto the floor. This puddle crept out all the way to the size of a basket ball and then some. At this point the jet stream couldn't be heard anymore over the drizzling of the pee on the floor. It completely shocked her mother, almost horrified her to think she would just suddenly let go like that. 'Well' she thought 'this was bound to happen anyway. even if I took her to the nearest gas station it would still be too long for her to wait. It's all right, I can just change her when we get home.' Her daughter was finally able to see the shimmering of the blue sky, the gleaming of the white clouds, the dancing of those rich, green leaves, and the cloud that looked like Buggs Bunny.

The End

WOW! I didn't expect my story to go on that long. You know, it started from a blog that was seriously three sentences long. This is an approximation of the original blog to the best of my memory.

"I was in the car with my mom and I had to go real bad. She said she'd take me to a gas station next time we ran out of gas. I told her I wasn't gunna make it that long, so she said "then pee your pants." I couldn't believe she actually said that. So I just peed my pant and changed when I got back!

I made a comic strip on diaperedanime.com based on this blog, and just today (9/2/2011) typed this story. You might be able to find it if you can navigate through my account called "seccretaccount122" and you should know it when you see it. I actually couldn't find it myself today through my own account. I can't find my profile. Maybe I'll post it on this website!

*002*2011-09-03 14:50

{{:

Your the one how made that comic that was awesome. I was just about to tell you that you copied your story from that comic.

}}

Yep, That's exactly what I did. I now have a comic version and a story version in the story. There's a couple differences in them though. Your talking about diaperedanime.com right? Sorry I never did get to finishing that comic strip or starting a sequel like everyone wanted. I'll be able to type a sequel to the written story though. It'll address the diaper fetish. In fact I'll do it right now if I don't get interrupted by family.

*004*2011-09-06 05:16

{{:

Good short story. I usually like stories that go from don't-have-to-pee to accidental-wetting, but you made this work really well.

}}

Ya me too, but my taste varies too! This was based off a real blog so...

Well I did get interrupted by my family garage sale but I love them, so I aint complainin. Anyway, Here's the next part of the story! enjoy!

Wet Car ride 2

The sky's shimmered blue, the clouds gleamed white, the rich tree leaves danced, she couldn't get enough of that Bugs Bunny cloud, and now, she sat in her own half-inch-deep puddle with her feet in the foot-wide puddle on the ground, and her shorts drenched front and back and all along the bottom of the pant legs of her shorts. "Well!" Her mother began assuming she was done urinating. "Dose that feel better?" She asked stiffly, still in shock. "Yah!" She blushed. "I can't believe you actually told me to pee my pants!" Her mother gritted her teeth in regret. "I'll be honest, I didn't mean for you to take me seriously but I guess it just came out wrong. He he!" She laughed nervously. "Oh! I'm sorry!" She was embarrassed at this point, she felt like a great cluts.

"Oh it was gunna happen anyways right? There's no point in torturing you for nothing.”

She paused for a moment. “Sorry!” She said again. “It's alright, I can just clean it up and change you when we get home.”

“Thanks! Wait, did you say ‘change me?!’”

“Of coarse, what kind of mother would let her daughter walk around in wet shorts all day!?”

‘I guess it’s just a general rule to change your kids cloths when they have an accident.’ She figured. ‘Seems kinda weird but all right.’

She felt a light breeze around her legs where it was wet with urine. A silence took place for a minute. “Ooooh! Look at that cloud up there. It looks like a cute bunny!” Her mother perked. “Yah! I saw that one, the Bugs Bunny one!”

“Bugs Bunny huh?” She looked closer at it. “Oh wow! You’re right! I didn’t notice. You think that one to the left could by porky pig?”

“Looks more like Dad to me.” The cloud resembled a deformed face. The mother bust up laughing. “Oh July! Your so mean! I‘m gunna tell Dad you said that!”

“Okay!” July smiled. “Gak!” She sounded playfully. “I’m shocked… again!” She complained. July just laughed. An hour past, the pee dried off her calves and left a light rash, her rump became soggy from the puddle she sat in which sank into the seat at this point. Her shorts were drying, now just damp. July suddenly noticed the urge to pee in her bladder again. ‘again?’ she thought. ‘couldn’t be that much, maybe a few drops or so. After all, it’s only been an hour. So she let the pee seep into her shorts to relieve herself.

It was surprisingly more then she expected. It drizzled out for almost half a minute. It mad a wet spot over her whole crotch area and made a puddle a quarter inch deep in her seat. The mother looked over her shoulder and noticed July’s new wet spot. “Did you pee your pants again!?” She asked. “Yah. I had to go again.” ‘How many times could she possibly have to pee in a day’ She thought. Another four hours past and July peed her pants three more times before her mother parked in front of Walgreens. “Wanna stay in the car while I grab something real fast.”

“Okay.” What was she getting, pants for her to change into, a towel to clean up with, a chocolate bar to satisfy her cravings, wine to satisfy herself? July waited in the car in her damp shorts and soggy thighs for her mother to come back with what ever. She felt that urge again and peed through her shorts one more time. The wet spot formed on her crotch again. She undid her button on her pants and took a look at her panties. It was white with a bright red hart on the front with an arrow going through the middle. Smaller pink hearts were scattered throughout the panties around the bigger heart.

Sure enough, the underwear looked wet around the crotch area. She pulled her pants off completely to give her legs air. Her thighs looked like raisins from the constant moisture. July pulled them back up and put them back on when her mother approached the car with a paper bag. Yup, it was wine, except it didn’t cling when we drove home, and it looked so light by the way her mother set it down so gently, compared to the wine which she would plop down. What was in there, peaches? Probably. They pulled into the drive way and went inside the house. July stretched her arms out after sitting in the car for who knows how long… days? It sure felt like it. “July!” Her mom called from July’s room. “Yah!”

“Commere so I can clean you up!” Oh yah. July remembered. She went into her room and walked in on a big pack of diapers on her bead along with baby powder, baby wipes, and the empty brown bag. She stood there for a moment staring at it. So that’s what was in the bag. “This is… uh…” She has an accident in the car for just one day, finds diapers in her room. Never the less, July acted indifferent. She didn’t mind, it was just… an overreaction explosively revealing it self. “You surprise me more and more everyday.” July commented.

“Don’t take this the wrong way!” The mother hasted to explain. “They’re just for those long trips okay, just so we can make it between gas stations.”

“Oh! Okay! That’s still weird but… Okay!”

“You think you could try them out for the first few days though and tell me how they work for yah? Wait! You dress out in the Jim don’t you?”

“It’s alright! So why can’t I change myself again?”

“You don’t change your own soiled pants unless you live by yourself. It’s just… weird, like saying you gave birth to yourself or something, I donno. It’s just weird.”

“Huh!” July couldn’t quite comprehend the ideal but she had an idea. Something along the lines of, if you make a childish mistake… nah! It’s just impulsive motherly instinct. Aadi’s just in ‘mommy’ mode but that’s all right, it wouldn’t kill her? Nothing seemed strange to July anymore. She learned how to respect ideals. “Well!…” her mother began. “Well what?”

“You wanna start now!?”

“Start what, testing the diaper?”

“No, training to defeating the giant monkey men!”

“And save the ninth dimension!?”

“That’s the one!” She perked. They loved making references to Sponge Bob episodes. “That’s kinda hard though. Let’s just test out the diapers for now.”

“Alright, commere!” She stood there casually as her mother unbuttoned her shorts, unzipped them and pulled them down just as casually. With her heart coated panties and her wet crotch fully exposed in the open, July stood there still casual, comfortable about the whole thing as the mother pulled down her panties. Aadi wiped the pee off her butt with the baby wipes as she watched in comfort. It felt so nice to have that smelly, stinging, putrid stuff wiped away. “Can you lie down on the bead for me?” The mother prompted as she cooperated. She lifted July’s shirt a bit to move it. The mother lifted her legs way high and slid the diaper underneath while July just watched innocently.

She sprinkled some powder on July’s diaper and on her skin for comfort of coarse. It felt like flower on her skin but softer. Aadi carefully wrapped the diaper over her waist trying not to screw up. She hadn’t done this in forever. This gave July enough time to saver every moment of her first diapering since she was a toddler. The padding felt as plush as a cloud, soft as a kitten, nice and dry, and light as tissue. This soft, dry padding gently stroked her skin before hugging her waist and making her feel snug inside. July got up and walked around in it a bit to feel the plush padding message her flesh. “Like it!?” Aadi exclaimed, anxious to see how it worked for her. “LOVE it!! It’s so snug and comfy!! What brand is it!?” Her mother looked at the package. She turned it around looking for the brand. “Dunno! Must be a no-name brand.”

“If a no-name can hug me so snug and comfy, how snug and comfy can a huggy hug me!?” Aadi giggled. “Oh! Aren’t you precious!” Her mother wrapped herself around her and cuddled her in her arms smiling brightly. July blushed and smiled uncomfortably, just standing there in a great, poofy diaper.

“Okay! That’s enough lovey dovey hugging for one night!” She giggled again and walked off. “Glad you like’em!” She finished. She still had a few hours till bed time so she went into the kitchen and looked in the fridge for something to eat. Eggs, ham, tortillas, hot dogs, carrots, She bent over in the refrigerator looking for something to eat. She found some grapes. “Ooh! Yummy! I love the crunchy kind!” July rinsed them and picked the grapes off to munch on. She liked to just hold the grapes and pick them off. She ate them in the TV room and watched sponge bob, which just happened to be on at the time. She sat in the big, tan, one person couch with a handle for lifting built in foot rest. “You’re watching sponge bob!!” Aadi walked in the room with popcorn.

“Scooch over!” She demanded making room in the big, one person couch to sit with her. “You just wanna snuggle with me again!” July complained. “Yup!” Aadi perked. She loved cuddling her daughter. She always looked for an excuse to have July close to her or buried in her arms. She hugged a lot and even enjoyed watching the care bears. She was that type of woman, pink room, loved romance movies, thinks everything’s cute! Her smile’s and constant cheerfulness spelled “feminine” with a capitol “F” and a big exclamation mark.

July and Aadi laughed together at sponge bobs noticle nonsense. ‘poor squid ward’ they thought. When they were done watching TV, they said there good nights, July and Aadi brushed there teeth and pinched out her contacts and everything, then she went to bed. July lied in bead and pulled the covers over her diaper and over her shoulders. She cuddled her pillow. ‘Shoot, I’m becoming my mother.’ She thought. Only Aadi cuddles her pillow. Her diaper might have had an effect on her too. July wore a night gown to bed. She loved the breeze on her legs and that cloud she wore. It was like a pillow on her butt. July shifted in it to feel it for a bit and got comfortable. “I hope I don’t start wetting the bed!” She said aloud. July drifted off into sleep.

*006*2011-09-11 03:44

{{:

Very good i think the second part is a lil better then the first part though

}}

Thank you! Glad I have something for everyone to enjoy. I'm gunna work on the third part now, but this time, It'll be a separate topic so I can get some more peoples attention.

*012*2011-12-04 08:45

Shoot!! Didn't I upload wet car ride three yet? Well you should find it on the list like I said earlier, but in case you didn't, it's here too.

Wet Car Ride 3

July walked down a strange long, slender path of stones. To her left, trees, to her right, also trees. She just walked. At the end she saw a green blur too far away to distinguish. She approached a downward slope in the path and suddenly water started to rise to her ankles, then her waist. Before she new it, the water was already miles over her head. July kept walking down the path of trees. She noticed just then she’d been holding it for hours and she reached the verge of wetting herself.

“Beautiful clouds!” She said gazing up at the one cloud that showed in the sky as it turned into a rabbit, at which instant the urine had already escaped her bladder and drizzled down her pants. The wet spot grew rapidly on her pants. She was still underwater and yet her pants formed a wet spot. July finally reached the end of the path which was a dead end. She spotted a weird green fuzz on the ground that stretched out into a jacket. “Don’t be late for school!” She herd a voice from nowhere. It had no origin or source, just a voice she heard. “Wake up already!” She herd again with her third ear. July sat on the car seat next to her and started peeing her pants again, as if she was supposed to.

She had no consciousness that told her it was wrong at the time, then she woke up in her bed. “You awake yet?” Aadi smiled. July felt damp in her… diaper! She’d forgotten. She woke up in the middle of a peeing session in her dream so she felt damp. When she slipped her hand in her diaper, she was relieved to know she was dry after all. “What’s wrong? You wet yourself?” Her mother Aadi asked. “No!” July sighed. “I thought I did! I had a weird dream. I was… walking somewhere and the last thing I remember is sitting in a car seat from nowhere and peeing in it. Or maybe I peed while I was walking. I don’t remember.”

“I had a dream last night that I had to pee really bad in the car while I was driving, and I just barely made it to the bathroom and pulled down my pants in time to completely loose control!”

“Is that why your pj’s are wet?” July smirked. “What?” She checked herself. To her horror, her pajama pants were soaked from the crotch to the side were the hip was. The wet spot showed on the side of her shirt too. She gasped and covered her mouth in humiliation. The mother felt mortified. “Why didn’t you say something!!? I was standing there with a big mocking wet patch on my… PANTS!!” Aadi whimpered with her eyes moist. Her face flushed red with embarrassment as she walked to her bedroom to change, assumingly. “You’re not supposed to change yourself remember Mom!?” July teased. “Mom’s not here!” She cocked back. “You didn’t say anything about living on your own, you just said if you lived by yourself you could change yourself, but you don’t live by yourself do you!?”

“Nice try July!”

“Nice try what?” July smirked. She knew exactly what it meant. She and Mom were the only people who lived in the house. If you couldn’t change yourself, who would? Aadi gave July a stare.

“Touch my pants and I’ll hit you with a wet noodle!” Aadi enforced as she proceeded to her room to change and closed the door. July got out of bed to have breakfast and get ready for school. She usually had a shower after breakfast before making her lunch but she knew she’d have to take off her diaper to do that and get her mom to help put it back on, so she saved the hassle for last. July took her diaper off to take a shower. When she got out and dried off, she put her school shirt on and brought her diaper over to Aadi to help her put it back on.

“Alright!” Her mother began, taking the diaper from her and wrapping it around her crotch. “Hold this up for me!” She said. July held the loose diaper up from the front and back while the mother tried to secure the straps. It didn’t stick at all. The diaper fell off her butt and plopped on the floor, exposing her cheeks. “Woops!” Aadi picked it up and left to throw it away. “Guess we have to get another one! I forgot these things only stick once!”

“Awe rats!” July snapped. It was a waist of a perfectly good diaper. Aadi came back with the new diaper and they started the process again. She wrapped the plush material over her butt, July held it up for her and she strapped it down. “Okay!” Her mother finished. “Now we know to put the diaper on AFTER you’ve showered!”

“Yah! Just like we did!” July corrected. “Thanks Mom!” She pranced to her bedroom to finish getting dressed. July got out a pair of tight jean shorts and forced it up over her diaper. She pulled hard on the zipper to zip up her shorts but she eventually got it up. The hardest part was buttoning it up. The pressure was so rock-hard she almost didn’t get it. The diaper and shorts combo constricted her waist with massive force. July eventually managed to button up her shorts. Before she went out the door with her back pack her mother stopped her in her tracks. “Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa! Where do you thing you’re going with that tight fit!”

“It fit’s fine Mom!”

“Uh, No! It doesn’t” The button wedged itself inside her pants ready to pop out. Her diaper sounded like it was about to pop inside, her shorts had absolutely no wrinkles. “Your gunna wreck that diaper doing that!” July groaned at the thought of having to take it off again. She struggled for five minutes trying to get it off. “Wear something loose like sweat pants or a long dress so it has room to expand when you use it! Other wise it’ll just leak and you’ll be embarrassed like me!” Aadi advised though her bedroom door. July laughed. “It’s not FUNNY!” She yelled. “Yes it is!” She cocked back. “July!! Would you shut up!!” She couldn’t stop laughing deviously. “July!” She whined. “You’re hurting my feelings!” She came out of her bedroom with the shortest, frilliest skirt she could find. It barely covered her diaper underneath. Her mother stared at her for a moment. “You’re kidding right?” She commented. “Bout what?”

“I didn’t mean that loose July!”

“Well I’m not wearing sweat pants, it’s 85 degrees outside!”

“Do what ever your want!” she surrendered. “Oh my goodness!” Something had just occurred to the Mother. “You have Jim don’t you!?”

“It’s fine! They’re weird enough, I can get away with it!”

“Do you have an extra pare in there?”

“I have two!” July ensured. Aadi hesitated. “Okay.” She started to regret making her test out the diapers. They probably work fine anyway, but there was no turning back now. On her way to the bus stop she noticed a pressure in her bladder. Shoot she thought. I should of went before I put this on… twice! She felt clean and dry after she got out of the shower and she didn’t feel like soiling herself yet, so she just held it in! She met up with her African American friend Kristen at the bus stop! “Hi Kristen!” She waved her hand up high with a bright smile. “What’s up July!”

“Not much!” She didn’t feel comfortable taking about her current undergarment. Her face was a little red. “How’d the trip go?”

“Oh! Nothing special! It was just a typical business trip.”

“So what does you mom do anyway!”

“Real estate business stuff I don’t understand!” He just nodded. “So what do you want to do when you graduate?” July asked. “I was thinking about studying criminal psychology and seeing if I can prevent some of the crime that goes on! If I can figure out why people become criminals in the first place they’d be able to live with us instead of amongst us. You know what I mean?”

“Yah, and you know, there’s really no such thing as fault when you really think about it!”

“Well, it’s a fault but, it’s not like people just choose to do things for absolutely no reason!”

“Right!”

“There’s a chemistry to everything!”

“Yah!” One big reason July and Kristen were friends was because they could agree on a lot of things. They could relate in a lot of ways. “I wanna be a nurse for children!” July perked. “How can you stand children! They’re loud, annoying, bratty, smelly!”

“It’s not their fault they have high pitched voices. If it wasn’t for their high pitched voices then they wouldn’t seem so loud! Besides, you’re still a child in your mom and dad’s eyes ya know!”

“Yah that’s true! I wish I could be as patient as you!” The bus came around the corner. They watched it approached. As July sat on the bus she really wished she’d taken that bathroom break before putting on her diaper. She crossed her legs for comfort. It wasn’t bad, just distracting and uncomfortable. It was like that road trip all over again. She was tired of holding it in. This constant desperation really started to wear her down. July shifted and squirmed a bit in her seat. The diaper’s smooth inner surface gently stroked her skin and the fluffy padding hugged her tight with love. How could she possibly soil this wonderful thing now. “You all right?” Kristen asked concerned. He had a good idea of what was going on. “Yah! It’s fine!” She reassured him. “Wish I would’ve went to the bathroom before I left though!”

“Slept in?”

“Na! I actually got up pretty early this morning!”

“So what? You forgot to go before you left?”

“Well, kind of a long story.” She began quietly and discreetly, blushing a little. “My mom got me some diapers for long road trips and she needs me to test them out for a few days to see how they work for me! But I forgot to go before I put this one on and I can’t put it back on once I take it off.”

“Oooh!” He seemed indifferent to the fact that she wore a diaper under that tiny, frilly skirt of hers. “So that’s what that crinkling was. I thought you just had one of those maxy pads.” Kristen kept the same low toned voice July had to stay level with her level of confidence of exposure. “You could hear that!?” She whispered. She blushed a little harder. July sat there stiff, embarrassed. She pressed her legs together to hide herself. “It’s cool!” He reassured her. “I’m just glad you’re not having that damb monthly cycle yet. I know how sucky that can get for gals.”

“Well don’t kid yourself, I’m just about due for another one.” She got her confidence back and let up on her legs. “So if you’re wearing a diaper why don’t you just go?” Kristen asked discreetly, curious. “I just got out of the shower! I don’t want to soil myself right now! Besides, this thing’s too soft and dry to wet right now!”

“Ah! Well how bout a joke then!” Kristen loved telling jokes. “Okay!”

“Did you here the one about the driver?!”

“I don’t think so!”

“So this Asian husband kisses his wife good by and heads to work. His wife worries about him so she checks the news. To her horror there was a maniac driving on the wrong side of the road on the street he took to work.”

“Oh my!”

“She calls him in a panic and says ‘watch out! there’s a maniac driving on the wrong side of the road ahead of you!!’” Kristen imitates an Asian accent for the punch line. “‘What are you talking about?! Every one is driving on the wrong side of the road!’” She burst out laughing as Kristen joins her. The bus gets to school and they part to go to their first classes. The final bell rings in time for July to be in her seat. “That’s the bell!” Mr. Callum began. “Time for math! So, I have good news for you today! We’re done with simplifying and deriving equations!” The class cheered. “And it’s time to start asymptotes.” He finished. Of coarse the class groaned at this, including July. “Firs I’ll start by giving you back your tests from yesterday, which I finished grading in fifteen minutes by the way.” He tended to try to impress his students. They chuckled at his gloating. They found it funny when he bragged about stuff. The quizzes reached the students.

July smiled at her paper. It was a 78%. “The class average was an 86% this quarter, which means I did a good job teaching you this time.” The class chuckled again. He really was a good teacher, not just good because all the kids liked him, but he was really good at teaching, a genius teacher. Mr. Callum could go through the entire curriculum of math in half the time, twice the in depth study, and twice the fun with, of course, the other half of the year to spare, during which time he taught calculus, a seniors class, to juniors. His teaching methods were revolutionary, but the other teachers could never figure out how he did it. The bigger question was, why didn’t he work in a better higher paying school. ‘because rich folk don’t need anymore help, money aint everything!’ he always said, but students still didn’t quite understand. His heart was always bigger then his brain.

July forgot about her morning urge by the time she got to her second hour class and lasted until the end of her third hour class. Half way through fourth hour the urge started to bother her again, but of coarse, more strongly now. July made a conscious effort to concentrate on American Government and her bladder. The diaper felt too comfortable to soil. It hugged her throughout the whole day every time she walked from class to class. July hid her diaper successfully all day by crossing her legs, whether she knew it or not. She had a reading assignment to work on. Her whining bladder took up half her concentration.

That annoying little urge nagged her bladder to release. July shifted her legs, crossed them tighter, rocked back and fourth and bounced up and down in her chair. She looked at the time. 12:00am. It was thirty minutes to lunch time. July squirmed and groaned. It doesn’t make a difference anyways. If I take off my diaper to go to the bathroom I won’t be able to get it back on. I’d half to wear a different one, by which time I might as well just use the first one, but, I don’t want to soil this nice diaper. Maybe I can make it till lunch. She thought. Then I’ll be able to change it after I use it. If I loose it right now, I’ll have to wait till class ends to get changed.

So July endured the pressure some more. The problem was, she ran out of bathroom passes so she couldn’t just wet herself and go to the bathroom to change. She crammed one hand in her crotch and the other hand on the paper she was reading. Her bladder whined at her to let go and constantly pushed against her opening. July noticed a slight twinge in her bowels. Desperation got really bad now. July reached the verge of wetting herself long before lunch hour. She bounced up and down in her seat. It seemed that for every second she had to focus on her bladder, she had to pour more energy into not letting go. She double crossed her legs. Though she tried to squeeze her crotch closed the thickness of the diaper prevented her from getting a good grip. Her legs shivered and sweat with desperation. She squirmed frantically in her seat to hold it in. Finally a quick jet of pee escaped into the padding. She jolted to bring her other hand down to press down the pressure.

Another seep of urine escaped, and pee just kept dripping out of her urethra, past the lips and into her padding. A long stream of pee then forced its way through. July looked at the clock. 12:04. You’ve got to be kidding!! She thought. The twinge in her bowels became more noticeable, but still not serious. “Okay little children your should have finished the reading assignment by now so pass it to the left!” Mrs. Achava exclaimed. July removed one hand to pass papers to the left. “So what did you think of that?!” she asked. “That’s messed up man!” one student commented. “I think children should be allowed to work, but no one deserved those conditions.” The students got into discussion. Meanwhile July’s eyes started to get moist and she reached her limit. She lost her strength and her bladder let out a raging fluid through her opening. The powerful stream of urine jet against the padding. The sound carried throughout the class with July in the spot light.

The class went dead-silent with the sound of urine spraying inside of July’s diaper in the centre of it all. Her diaper absorbed the liquid like a sponge on steroids. How could it catch all that pee at once without leaking? Urine slurped over her entire crotch area and slithered down her crack to the back of her diaper. The diaper expanded as it filled up with pee. The fluid poured over the entire inner surface of the diaper and drenched her bottom throughout, but it never leaked. It felt like she was sitting in her own puddle, but contained inside the diaper. It grew wetter and heavier as it expanded further past the small skirt.

Her skirt could no longer hide it now that it expand an inch past it. Everyone could see the yellow stained pad if they wanted to. Surprisingly, they didn’t want to. As soon as she was done, and the sound stopped, the class went right back to discussion as if nothing happened. July had light tears in her eyes from the wetness but she realized it wasn’t so bad. Her stomach felt better afterwards, but then she thought, what would number two be like. She didn’t want to find out too soon.

