There`s Nowhere that will Let her Pee

Author: Quackduck

*000*2022-01-23 16:59

Every morning, Sydney wakes up in a sleeping bag under the back porch of a shop. She sits on the side of the road with a cardboard sign for most of the day, using the public restrooms inside of the airport about fifteen minutes from where she sleeps. Her bladder is always very full by the time she makes her first trip there, since she goes straight to her usual panhandling spot from her sleeping bag.

Today, though, after a long, uncomfortable walk, she was stopped by a security guard as she approached the airport door.

"Ticket?" he asked her.

"I don't have a ticket," she said, shifting her weight from foot to foot. She really needed to go. Her bladder was tight with morning piss.

"You need a ticket to enter the airport. New regulation."

"Oh, come on, I just need to use the bathroom!" she said, welling up with frustration.

"Better book a flight then. There are plenty of other places to pee, lady."

She wished that were true. If there were an easier place to wash and relieve herself, she would've found it. Business toilets are only useful for so long. Losing resources were a common occurence for Sydney, and she hoped her adaptability would get her out of this one soon. She really had to pee.

Sydney looked around, stepping side to side and pressing her thighs together with every step. She knew there was nothing but highway for miles past the airport, so her only option for an actual toilet would be further into the city. The growing discomfort of her aching bladder made her walk slower, and the 25 minutes of walking back made the urgency of her need to piss grow exponentially. The poor girl could hardly stand still when she got back.

She checked her pockets. She had almost 30 cents. No store or restaurant around would let someone who wasn't a paying customer use their lavatory. She was going to have to get creative. But due to her current living situation, privacy was at a premium. Nevertheless, if she could find a bottle or something, she might be able to slip out of sight enough to comfortably relieve herself into it.

Most of the business owners really didn't like finding people rummaging through their bins. She did it occasionally, but it was always late at night when no one was around. It didn't seem like she had a choice at the moment. She was starting to really be busting to pee.

The first few dumpsters she checked were all rotting food trash or cardboard, but she eventually found one worth digging through. Leaning over the side, the metal edge dug painfully into her swollen bladder, intensifying her urge to urinate and practically torturing the poor girl. She was getting increasingly frustrated as she looked, unable to find a worthwhile apparatus.

She jumped, startled by the backdoor of the shop swinging open. "Get out of there!" a man shouted, dumping more trash into it.

Sydney couldn't keep herself from quickly squeezing her crotch for a second. "Please, I just need a bottle or something, to store water in for drinking!" she told him.

"Get a job and buy one," he brashly replied, dumping more garbage. She turned and rushed away, every step giving her an unforgiving throb in her urine-filled organ.

Sydney was getting desperate. She felt like she might leak if she didn't constantly move her lower half. After a few more unsuccessful dumpster dives, she didn't know where to go or what to do, so she made her way back to where she slept.

She leaned against the wall and stuck her hand in her pants, holding her vagina and scooting her butt around. She looked to her right and saw a somewhat covered area by some steps, and immediately got up and surveyed the area.

She ran to the side of the steps, looked around cautiously, dropped her pants, squatted down, and relaxed. As soon as she started to dribble, the door at the top of the steps swung open.

"Nuh-uh! You are not doing that on my store! No ma'am!"

She leapt up and yanked her baggy pants up to her waist, overfull bladder screaming and her urethra tingling with pain. Humiliated, she ran away from the yelling woman and back to her sleep spot, sitting on her knees and holding herself as she doubled over. Sydney was absolutely dying to piss, her unbearably urgent need taking up all of her thoughts. She decided to try to get enough money together to pay for something small at a store and have an excuse to use the toilet as a paying customer.

She grabbed her cardboard sign, dribbling a bit as she pushed herself to her feet, and struggled to stay composed as she sat on the sidewalk. Her sitting position changed every couple of seconds. She was unable to get anywhere near comfortable, her belly bulging with hot piss that tried constantly to push its way out of Sydney. She had to pee so bad it hurt. She waited and waited and waited, becoming decreasingly composed and starting to do a full-blown potty dance on the side of the road. She got many awkward glances as she shoved her hands between her legs, rocking back and forth and jiggling her thighs.

A contraction in her hyper-filled bladder almost squeezed a squirt of urine out. She scooted back and forth, scrunching up her face and looking down so she didn't have to face anyone.

Suddenly, someone touched her on the shoulder. "Are you okay?" the woman asked, Sydney looking up at her through welled-up tears.

"I-I can't go to the bathroom anywhere unless I b-buy something, and--" she grabbed and pulled at the fabric of the crotch of her pants.

"Oh, sweetie, it's okay! Don't worry, here..." the woman handed her two dollars. "Will this get you something?"

The desperate girl took it with shaky hands. It probably wouldn't. "T-thank you..."

As the lady walked away, a spurt of hot piss squirted out and dampened her underwear. She clutched and grabbed madly herself, pressing her legs tightly together as she dug her fingers into her hurting peehole. Sydney felt like she was about to explode. She was literally about to piss her pants.

Too ashamed to stay in sight of anyone, she got up and dashed into the alley behind her, tightly gripping herself for dear life. She jumped around, holding herself and occasionally doubling over, while she tried to figure out a solution. While hopping from foot to foot, she peed a little, immediately crossing her legs and squeezing her crotch. It hurt so bad she wanted to cry. She ran out of the alley and into the closest store, all the way to the back to the bathroom. Locked.

She stood there waiting, writhing, whimpering on the verge of tears. She really felt like she was going to piss herself. She paced back and forth, shaking her hands at her sides when she wasn't grabbing at her vagina. She knocked on the door to no reply.

"You need a key," the girl behind the counter suddenly said. "And you need to buy something."

Sydney was dying. She hobbled through the shelves, looking for anything under $2.30. A hard, hot spurt shot straight down her pant leg and she doubled over to stop it. She went up to the desk and said "please, I don't have enough to get anything, but I need to go to the bathroom so badly, I'll just give you what I have. Please?"

The girl looked at her nervously, then said "let me get my manager" and walked away. Sydney held her crotch and crossed her legs, her full, swollen bladder screaming and begging to be emptied of its huge volume of contents. It bulged out of her like a watermelon, pulsing with distress, ready to leak. It was a man that came back.

"We're going to have to ask you to leave," he said.

"Please!" she begged, starting to cry. She felt herself start to dribble.

"You have to leave." he said sternly.

Sydney took a step and spurted. She stopped in her tracks, pressing her thighs together and holding herself. She was still dribbling for a few long seconds, slowly saturating her underwear and dripping down her legs.

"Is there a problem?" she heard behind her. She took another step and started pissing hard. She grabbed at herself and crossed her legs, but she just couldn't keep it in any longer. It soaked her pants as it cascaded down her legs, leaking out of the cuffs of her pants. She ran away, trailing piss through the store behind her as she did so. The poor girl was crying as she came to a stop in the alley, hot piss hissing out of her huge bladder, traveling down her legs and pattering against the ground.

It grew into a huge puddle and a long river travelling down the alley and onto the street. She had her legs spread a bit as she let it go, then, still urinating, started hobbling toward her spot. After the last couple spurts came out, she sat on the ground to pull her soiled pants and underwear off and, completely naked from the waist down, slid into her sleeping bag. She laid her pants out to dry and racked her brain for a solution, because she couldn't just keep pissing her pants for relief, could she?

