Confessions of an omorashoholic (part 2)

Author: kokandra123

*000*2014-01-11 15:57

Part 1 can be found here: https://omorashi.org/topic/15946-confessions-of-an-omorashoholic-part-1/#entry627306

###

Part 2

Ok, so I've told you about the first time I discovered the pleasures of pee desperation and wetting. However, by no means was that the first time I had been desperate to pee. However, it was the first time I started to enjoy it. On other occasions, I was too panicked, scared, of being publicly humiliated. You see, despite my carefree and outgoing nature, I'm very conscious when it comes to reputation and pride. And before that fateful day, getting desperate to pee in public was in my so-called blacklist when it came to how I wanted others to perceive me.

I've always had a morbid fear of public humiliation. This fear in turn led me to being extremely pee-shy. In the future, I would learn to fight this shyness, but that story is for another day. Today, I'd like to recount a tale of desperation that occurred in my pre-omorashi life.

It was about 3 years ago, when I was still back in Crete. I was 15 at the time, happy, carefree ... you know what I mean. A normal teenage girl.

Anyway, it was mid-Summer, and some organisation which I don't know how I had a membership in organised a pool party. Open bar, loud music, drunk people, finger food, you know, that kind of stuff. So me and my gang of girlfriends went, me donned in a tight white tank top and a pair of short jeans shorts.

The party was wild. There were tons of people my age, dancing, talking, swimming, drinking, just having a good time. I hardly knew anyone, though nonetheless, being a party animal at the time, I enjoyed myself immensely. Me and my friends downed the free alcohol like water, flirting with a couple of cute guys and dancing wildly. There were so much people that it was more like a shoving match than dancing, though we were so drunk that we couldn't care less. All you could smell in the air was drink and sweat.

Anyway, as I said we drank a lot, which meant frequent visits to the toilet. Obviously, there being so many drunk people there were some long lines, and I did see some girls in the latter stages of desperation while I waited. I had to pee badly myself a couple of times, but I always managed to make it. I don't know if I held myself or pee danced in front of the other people. We were all so drunk that most of my memories of the party were completely blacked-out.

Anyway, the part went on till late in the night. I think it was about 2am when we began planning to leave. Most of my friends had already left, and we were just me and another girl, Mira. After the others had left, we ended up chatting with two cute guys. They were slightly older than us, maybe 17, and both were wearing nothing apart from bathing shorts.

After a few minutes of chatting, Mira told me that maybe we should start thinking of getting home, as it was late and we still had a half-an-hour or so walk to get to our homes. Remember that we were 15, so we couldn’t drive, and neither could we catch a bus at that time of the morning. One of the guys, who’s name was Pedro if I remember correctly, heard us and told us that he had a car. He said that we could go on a short drive and have some “fun”, and then he would take us home.

I was wary at first. I didn’t like the idea of getting into a car with a drunk guy behind the wheel. And plus, when a drunk teenage guy tells two teenage girls at 2 in the morning to go have some fun…..you know what I mean. But we accepted in the end, as the thrill of the adventure of spending time with these two strange guys got the better of us. Actually, it was the alcohol and our teenage hormones which got the better of us, but it sounds so much nicer using the previous sentence!

So we prepared to leave. Me and Mira went to take one last piss, again. I was drinking so much liquids that I was constantly needing to pee, heading to the bathroom almost every quarter of an hour. It was like, I take a long pee, come out of the stall feeling very relieved, and almost immediately feel my stomach swelling up again.

Me and Mira came out of the bathroom and found the two guys waiting outside in their car. It wasn’t a fancy vehicle, on the contrary, it looked quite worn out. But it had four wheels, and that’s what was important at that time. We got in the car, Mira in the passenger seat next to Pedro and me at the back with the other guy. I can’t even remember his name, so from now on I’ll just call him Tom.

We drove off. The roads were eerily quiet, being 2 in the morning. Since we lived in a sort of rural area, the roads were mostly unkept, resembling more dirt roads than modern streets. In the stiff silence, you could hear the night-time sounds, such as the singing of the crickets, the wind gently blowing against the trees, and the occasional flap of a bat’s wings. As the car passed field after field after field, you could feel it bumping up and down on the poorly kept roads, with the sound of gravel underneath the car’s wheels another addition to the array of strange sounds in the air that night.

We sat in the car for around twenty minutes until we reached our destination, which was nothing but a desolate field which the two guys had chosen to have some “fun” with us. In those twenty minutes, my bladder began rapidly filling up once again. Serves me right I suppose. I had gulped down two glasses of wine just before we left, just for the fun of it. With my kidney’s already in overdrive from the previous drinking, that was the last thing my body needed.

I was starting to get very uncomfortable in the back seat, constantly shifting about. I kept my legs clenched together, with my right hand trapped in between them. Like this, I could give my crotch little squeezes without the others seeing me.

The boys began to flirt with us, Tom with me and Pedro with Mira. Of course, being young and drunk we flirted back. Pedro and Mira eventually left the car to go make out somewhere, leaving me and Tom alone in the back seat. We snogged as his hands caressed my bare legs and my boobs. My pussy was starting to get wet with excitement, which wasn’t really helping my bladder situation. Every now and again I came close to squirting out a jet of pee, though I managed to control myself in the last minute. That was until Tom, during our furious make-out, accidentally pressed his arm into my stomach. I squealed as a jet of pee shot out of me.

“What’s wrong?” he asked.

“Nothing, you just hurt me abit”. Of course, I didn’t hurt. But I had lost some of me pee. I could feel my panties damp, and at one point I looked down and noticed small wet spot on my shorts. Luckily, it was dark and, in his drunken state, Tom would never realise. We continued kissing, before another bladder spasm hit me. This one was worse than the others, and I had to suddenly break off our kiss and jam my hands into my pussy to hold on.

“Wha…don’t you want to continue?” he asked, attempting to pull me back towards him.

“No, its just I really need to pee” I admitted, trying to find the handle to open the car door. I was so drunk it took me about a minute to find it. I opened the door and attempted to climb outside the car to take a much needed piss. Then, Tom pull me back with such force that I fell backwards, my head landing on his lap on the car seat. The movement made me lose another squirt.

“Don’t go, lets play” he said, in a drunken haze.

“Tom please, I’m about to piss myself” I pleaded. With all that alcohol in my head, I was no longer embarrassed to admit my desperate state.

Tom didn’t let go, and attempted to continue kissing and fondling me. I tried to push him off but he was much stronger than me. And, frankly, I was enjoying making out with him, so I wasn’t really trying to get away with any conviction.

I tried squeezing my thighs together, still lying on my back on the seat from when he pull me. The desperation was much worse now that I had squirted some pee. It seemed as if the floodgates had opened. What’s more, the alcohol was started to get the better of me, and my vision started getting hazy. I gave up trying to hold on. Still making out with Tom, I relaxed my sphincter muscles. After a few seconds, pee flowed out of me, into my panties and shorts and onto the seat. A huge puddle formed under my butt, but I really didn’t care at this point. Me and Tom continued enjoying themselves, and he was none the wiser.

Eventually, Pedro and Mira returned and drove us home. Needless to say, I slumped into my bed and passed out. When I woke up the next morning, I noticed that I was still wearing my pee-stained panties and shorts. I remembered the previous night’s happenings and laughed, finding it hilarious.

A few days later, I met up with Mira and we began chatting about our adventure. According to her, Pedro had gotten a real shock the day after, when, after he had sobered up, he returned to his car and found a huge pee puddle on his back seat. Apparently, it was Tom who was blamed. Both were too drunk to remember anything!

(to be continued)

