ANY REQUESTS for LINE waiting stories

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2017-09-10 20:16

I've written a lot of lines stories. Any requests for me to do?

No copyrighted characters or fanfiction.

$$

*007*2017-09-11 02:04

{{4 hours ago, randomrobot007 said:

How about a prom setting were the punch has been spiked with laxative or something that requies the ladies a urgent need to use the toilet

}}

That's like my wedding one though

{{3 hours ago, insomea said:

Not a line story but how about a restaurant full of waitresses on a busy day?

}}

That sort of like Gillian's story about Amber though. Hmm I just don't want to copy. I'd have to think how to do it.

$$

*011*2017-09-11 17:18

{{11 hours ago, mynameissteven said:

Maybe an oddly particular request, but I read this fantasy on Tumblr of a college women's choir having to hold during a performance and then all the girls (and their conductor) have to struggle to hold it in their performance attire while waiting in line. That sounds pretty amazing.

}}

It won't be exactly like that, but I will do my own story on terms like that with details that are similar. I don't want to be a copycat. Keep a lookout. I will have something up to start within an hour. Comment on the story when it posted and let me know what you think.

*014*2017-09-11 18:13

We're all good people right? With jobs, family's, who just happen to have this fetish and fantasy. That doesn't make us bad right? We're still productive members of society?

I just feel weird sometimes.

*017*2017-09-11 18:30

I might do other requests later. But for now here:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/39484-the-choir-of-desperation-line-waiting-and-laxatives/?do=embed" {{

12 hours ago, mynameissteven said:

Maybe an oddly particular request, but I read this fantasy on Tumblr of a college women's choir having to hold during a performance and then all the girls (and their conductor) have to struggle to hold it in their performance attire while waiting in line. That sounds pretty amazing.

}}

*021*2017-10-02 17:29

{{3 hours ago, Mickey said:

I have a few scenarios ...

* Unlock rooms - where you're locked in a room and must solve puzzles to unlock the door. Welcome drink spiked with diuretics. Single unisex toilet once they finally manage to get out.

* Highway rest stop - a group of desperate colleagues, coming home from an outing which had no proper facilities. For example, a short trek - lasting only 2hrs or so. So everyone is too embarrassed to acknowledge they can't hold-it for such a short duration and pee in the open, but long enough (factoring in travel time) that they'll be pretty desperate by the end and fantasizing about just peeing in the woods.

* Employee bathroom queue, after a long and busy shift - at a fast food place. (Those coming on the shift also queue up to empty their bladders before starting work - leading to double the rush)

* House party - too many drinks, too many people, only one toilet in the house

* This is probably insane, but Omorashi/Desperation Convention ;) People meet up and have bladder bursting fun, and now must finally release. They're in to desperation, but not necessarily wetting. You can probably work in all kinds of kinks (if there are lots of people in to "peeing in unusual places" and the convention doesn't offer too many options, will there be a queue for the plant pot?)

(I would prefer stories with queues for both men's and women's room, or unisex toilets with both men and women in the queue. I am also not in to messing or poop desperation, at all)

}}

I did a house party one with Halloween theme. Check it out

