About Course

Author: Piddly

*000*2021-06-23 18:47

Ok so I’m kinda grabbing the bull by the horns here and just writing this to see how it goes. I’m loving having the “spark” for writing back and wanted to have a go at writing something appropriate for here. As ever, let me know your thoughts.

Chapter 1

All around her the hubub of class was deafening, but at the same time Ellie was in a world of her own, not quite taking anything in and almost forgetting where she was. It had been almost a year since she’d found herself sat in a classroom, and that had been back at her old school. What with Covid and everything, her finally term of secondary school had been cut abruptly short, quite literally one day they were studying hard for their GCSE exams and the next they were twiddling their thumbs at home, supposedly logging into the daily Zoom catch-up sessions but, in truth, very rarely bothering.

Being in her first year at college, Ellie Rogers had just recently turned 17 and, at a loss as to what to do with her life now that her exams had been screwed up by the Government, she’d been convinced by her Mum to enrol on a college course. She settled for business studies in the end not because she found it particularly interesting, or had any real desire to go into a businesswoman type career, but because she thought that at least it didn’t really need her to be all that creative, and she hoped that it would be relatively easy to at least scrape a pass without putting in too much effort - frankly, she didn’t see the point anymore!

She’d worked so hard on her GCSE coursework, and had spent literally every waking hour studying and revising for the exams that she was never allowed to take, so why should she bother going to all of that trouble again? If this stupid virus stuck around then she’d only end up being given estimated grades 3 or 4 levels below what she’d have achieved anyway, so it was pointless even trying. Really she just saw it as a way of keeping Mum off her back, and as anxious as she was to be amongst so many people again - doubly so because she didn’t actually know any of them - it was still nice to be back out of the house after nearly 12 months cooped up.

Eventually she came too, the college classroom around her shimmering back into focus and the words of their aged lecturer, Ken, once more forming cohesive sentences in her mind. Not that any of it meant a great deal to her, she’d not taken business at GCSE so talk of corporate structures and limitation of liability may as well have been a string of French verbs…actually, no, if Ken had been reading French verbs then she’d have at least been able to translate them, if not fluently, but what in God’s name was an article of association? Damn! She knew she shouldn’t have let herself daydream like that, ok so she wasn’t bothered about putting in too much effort, but she didn’t want to look like a total idiot infant of her new course mates either, that was hardly the way to go about making new friends.

Quickly Ellie scribbled a note on her pad - ‘What’s an article of association?’ And then underneath that ‘Research’ which she underlined repeatedly, hoping that it would serve as a reminder to actually look it up when she got the chance, instead of letting herself get sidetracked as she so often did. If only there was a college course in procrastination, she’d be sure to get an A! In fact, putting things off to the very last minute was the one thing she was incredibly good at…

*002*2021-06-25 16:48

Covid rules meant they were still having to social distance, so Ellie was sat alone at a desk which would usually accommodate two. The whole tutor group had been split, with only 12 of them in the class, each sat at a double desk, with the chairs staggered in such a way that there was as close to 2 metres between every person as was possible. This really didn’t help with the feeling of isolation, but at the same time Ellie was secretly a little bit glad the measures were still in place, it had been a long time since she’d had any close contact with other people outside of her immediate family, and she wasn’t really sure how she felt about being so close to all of these strange, new, loud people.

It was a bit overwhelming if she was honest, and left her feeling very on edge. She was sure they were all perfectly lovely, of course, but the lockdown had really fuelled her anxiety and, whilst she may have been considered a relatively outgoing type, a ‘people person’ if you all before hand, now she was much more at home with just herself for company. She hadn’t let on to her family, her tutor or even her friends how she was feeling though, being the practical sort she just got on with things, and made a special effort to keep out of situations where she’d have to interact with others wherever possible - alas, sadly, the college classroom was going to prove quite the challenge, even with social distancing and reduced class sizes still in place.

“Ok then, Ellie isn’t it?” The elderly Ken called out, giving her a warm and encouraging smile as he picked her out from the crowd “how about you tell us what you understand the role of a company director to be?”

Poor Ellie felt the blood rushing to her head, colour rising up her cheeks and she spluttered and stuttered over her words. Why did he have to make her the centre of attention? “S…ssorrry Ken, what was that?” She mumbled into her hand.

“A company director, dear. Do you know what I mean by that?”

Damn! That’s what she thought he’d said. A director was to do with Movies, she thought to herself, but he can’t mean that surely? Or did he? Movies were big business, after all, maybe that’s how they fit in.

“Erm, it’s, erm I mean, is it to do with the movie industry? Y’know, movie directors and that?” Oh how she hoped she was right! If not she was going to have embarrassed herself in front of the entire class, and on the first day too. Why hadn’t she at least had a quick read through her books before hand? She was kicking herself!

The kindly Ken’s face had set in an expression she didn’t quite recognise, almost a combination of confusion and exasperation, with perhaps a smattering of ‘what have a I let myself in for here’ thrown in, and she knew at once she’d said the wrong thing even before the tittering and giggling began around her. She cringed inwardly at the realisation, she’d well and truly messed up hadn’t she?

Ken took a moment to compose himself before responding, he didn’t know this new class yet and couldn’t be sure whether that was a smart Alec answer from somebody pitching for the role of class clown, or a serious attempt at answering the question, in which case he didn’t want to humiliate the poor girl. Surveying her face, he sensed he’d been right to pause, for she looked mortified.

“Ah, not quite m’dear, although at the same time most big budget movies will also be companies in their own right, so in a roundabout way they will have both movie directors and company directors. It’s the latter we’re more concerned with though, those who lead the company and run the business.”

The giggling died down as quickly as it had started, Ken had come to the rescue and saved her from looking the fool, and she couldn’t have been more grateful. As he, fortunately, moved his attentions on to another of her cohort and threw them a particularly tricky question around the role of a company secretary, Ellie was relieved to hear yet another garbled answer - this time around answering phones and taking notes in meetings, although it wasn’t followed by the same humorous rumblings as her own attempt had been, and it sounded like the young blonde girl sat at the front had made a pretty decent stab at answering it, for all of her nerves.

The giggling soon took over, however, as a particularly boisterous looking young man from the back row quickly piped up “and shagging the boss, eh Ken, isn’t that what secretaries are supposed to do?” With half of the room looking shocked and horrified at his remarks, and the other half literally doubling over in laughter. Ellie started out in the second camp, it had taken her completely by surprise and she laughed uproariously along with her peers, before suddenly stopping as the colour drained from her face and a look of dawning horror fell across her features.

*003*2021-06-25 18:03

Chapter 3

Noooo, she couldn’t have. Not now, not here, surely not?! Ellie’s worst nightmare had just come true, the one thing she’d always feared above all else, the one thing that she’d been petrified of happening throughout her entire school career and that, mercifully, she’d been able to avoid despite the amount of times circumstances had conspired against her and set her up to fail, despite so many close calls, despite it happening to so many of her friends (and, on one memorable occasion, her enemy - the class bully!).

Ellie Rogers, aged 17 years and 7 months, had just wet her pants in her very first class, in her brand new college, all thanks to some childish idiot who couldn’t keep his immature thoughts to himself. How on earth was she going to get out of this with even a shred of dignity left intact? If anybody found out, she was finished, ruined. She may as well hand her pass into the office and drop out now, there’s no way she could carry on with the course. She just wanted the ground to open up and swallow her, right at that second she wanted to be anywhere but there.

She hardly dared to look down, having no idea what she was going to find. Ellie could count the number of accidents she’d had since potty training on one hand, ad absolutely none of them had happened in the past 10 years, especially not in a classroom and most definitely not surrounded by a group of her peers. Suddenly she was immensely grateful for the Covid precautions, for these at least meant she was sat alone and had a little space to gather her thoughts and try to find a way out of this god awful mess.

Making sure to keep her eyes to the front, paying zero attention to the tutor admonishing her young classmate for his juvenile pronouncement but at the same time needing to appear as if she was focussed lest she draw unwanted attention to herself at the worst possible moment, Ellie slowly and carefully slipped a hand beneath her desk on the pretext of fishing a pen from her pocket, instead reaching across the front of her denim skirt tentatively, dreading what her fingers may find. At first nothing appeared amiss, and then as she reached the parting in her legs and found the soft cotton fabric of her leggings she felt the first traces of moisture and her heart sank, any value hope that she’d been mistaken was quickly taken away from her and replaced by the very real realisation that her pants were indeed soaked with her own pee.

She couldn’t help it as she let out a long, low, involuntary cry “Nooooooooooo”.

Now that her worst fears had been confirmed, Ellie’s survival instincts kicked in and she suddenly found herself alert, adrenaline coursing through her. She had to find a way out of this, whilst she still could. She was half tempted to bolt from the room, needing space, but realised quickly that she’d only draw more attention to herself that way, and she had no idea just how bad things were or how obvious it would be to anybody else - the last thing she needed to do was stand up and draw all eyes to her. “Think, damnit Ellie, think!” She mumbled to herself under her breath “You’ve got one chance to save yourself here, don’t blow it.”

Chancing a glance into her lap, Ellie was relieved to find that her relatively short skirt appeared dry and unaffected by her accident, although she knew that was far from certain, and she wasn’t sure how she was going to be able to check the back without making it obvious. She was horrified to see, however an inch or so of dark wetness shimmering on her pale grey leggings as they protruded under the hem of the denim skirt. She almost ALWAYS wore black leggings, or tights, with this skirt. What had possessed her to pick out the light ones today?

It could have been worse, of course, if it was only an inch or so below her skirt whilst she was sitting then the chances were the skirt would cover most if not all of the evidence once she stood and pulled it down into place, but she needed to be able to stand without displaying an embarrassing, tell-tale wet patch on her bum, and she was petrified that it would be obvious to everybody behind her what she had done, that she’d wet herself like a little baby. She really didn’t know what she was going to do.

*005*2021-06-26 20:25

Chapter 4

“Ok, Miss Rogers, this is your chance to redeem yourself after your little faux pas earlier, why don’t you come up to the front and complete the first three statements I’ve written on the board for you?” Ken thoughts he was helping Ellie to save face, realising he’d put her in an embarrassing position earlier with his question, but not for a moment realising her current predicament and just how much harder he’d just made everything.

Ellie’s heart sank and she tried with all of her might to tell him, using just her eyes, that she absolutely couldn’t stand up and walk to the front of the classroom. She didn’t want him to think her disobedient, or worse rude, but nor did she want to destroy her social prospects and her future at the college by humiliating herself in such a horrific way. No, she just couldn’t. There had to be a way of communicating her plight to him, but without admitting to her peers what she’d done. Her mind was in overdrive, each thought and idea more ludicrous than the last, nothing seemed to make any sense…and, worse than all of that, worse even than the sticky, damp feeling across her legs and bottom, she realised that she still needed to pee, and badly.

Completely unable to think of how to get herself out of this jam, and fully aware that her tutor was eagerly awaiting her input at the whiteboard, with the entire groups eyes boring into her from every direction, Ellie’s instinct took over and she burst into tears! Great racking sobs came from deep within her, as much liquid fell down her cheeks as tears as had a few moments before ran down her legs when her body had betrayed her and all Ellie could do was bury her blotchy, puffy face in her hands and lean her head on her desk as she continued to cry. She’d wanted to divert the attention of the class away from her, not make sure that every single person was intently watching her every move, oh what a spectacle she’d become, and her classmates around her only knew the half of it.

“Fuck” was the only word she managed to mutter to herself between sobs, but she thought it summed up her feelings at that moment pretty damned well. “Fuck”.

As Ellie studied the palms of her hands from behind a wall of tears, the convulsions slowly calming, she noticed a change in the sound around her. The gentle murmur of chatter was once again building, creeping up in volume, accompanied by a ruffling of paper and the occasional scraping of a chair. It seemed Ken had set them some task or other to busy themselves with whilst he took charge of the situation, striding purposefully across the room and kneeling beside Ellie’s desk before speaking gently, his voice filled with genuine sincerity and concern

“Ellie, sweetheart, is everything ok?”

Feeling a fool, realising how much she’d just humiliated herself with her little outburst, and that’s to say nothing of having wet herself too which, she prayed, was still her secret to keep, Ellie simultaneously shrugged her shoulders and shook her head whilst trying to gasp a breathless “Sorry”.

She was just beginning to wonder whether she could take this opportunity to confide in Ken, if not being totally honest with him about her predicament then at least getting his help so that she could, somehow, leave the room discreetly and take care of things, when she was hit by a dawning realisation which shocked through her system and hit the pit of her stomach like a lead weight, causing her to feel immediately sick. And she’d thought things couldn’t get any worse…

