FNAF - Five Nights Too Many (Jeremy Omorashi)

Author: omohoof

*000*2015-09-06 00:25

(A/N Hello :) I'm doing this as a test. If anyone cares, I'll consider writing more. My fist fic! And I'm not attracted to Jeremy, I just think he'd be a good candidate for Omorashi.)

Chpt 1?

It was a dark night in the seemingly innocent Freddy Fazbear's Pizza resturaunt. The animatronics were all in place, and the puppet lay in his cold, depressing wind-up box. Jeremy Fitzgerald, a fairly small sized young man with straight brown hair that almost covered the question mark that was his face. He was very noticeably shy, and seemed to be frightened easily. Why in the world would he work here?

Jeremy started to listen to the recording that Scott gave him.

"Uh, hello? Uh, why're you still here? This place is run down! Just finish your first shift and come and work the dayshift."

Jeremy's thoughts drifted as he looked to the desk and saw a golden variation of the place's mascot, Freddy Fazbear, mask. By the mask was a note. Jeremy picked it up and read it to himself.

"To Jeremy~ You'll need to wear this so the animatronics don't try to kill you. But beware, it doesn't work on the fox. Flash your light on him. ~Scott"

Jeremy was confused and started to feel unsecure. No one had mentioned killer animatronics! Maybe he should've looked at the contract more carefully... Scott's message kept playing.

"Wind that box. Believe me, you won't like to see the aftermath."

Jeremy frowned upon seeing a shadow. He quickly snatched the golden mask and put it to his face. He muted the messages. He didn't need anymore scares. But just then, he felt a small tingle in his bladder.

"No, not now...!" he said to himself while looking over to the clock. It was only 12:22. He began to contemplate whether he should hold it or just go. He had held his bladder for long periods of times before, due to his shyness. Maybe he could handle? No, not a chance... It was too scary! But so was the long walk out of the office. The pressure bagan to grow more and he didn't know what to do.

He heard the music box start to come to an end and jumped up to go rewind it.

###

It was now 1:39 AM and Jeremy was growing to the state of being desperate. He looked around, mask still on and figured he was alone (besides the animatronics). His hands slowly slid to his crotch as he held himself in a now desperate state. A blush spread across his face as he continued to hold himself for the next 8 minutes.

It was time to wind the box. Jeremy wanted to, but he didn't want to stop holding himself either. It was mandatory that he should wind it, as issued by Scott, but he was just too desperate at the moment to get up. The music box's twangy melody faded and the building grew dead silent. He should've got up to wind it.

A distressed sweat began to come from his head, as he heard a creeping noise come towards him. He had almost lost control of his bladder at that point, but regained strenghth. Maybe Scott was just trying to scare him. Maybe this was just all a-

He was frightened by the sudden sight of a white, black eyed puppet with purple lines running down it's face lunging towards him.

His heart racing, and his hands still to his crotch, he immediately lost control.

[TBC. I'll describe it! :) ]

