Fruitless Patience

Author: Sunflower

*000*2014-05-21 02:48

This is something I wrote a while back. I was excited about writing an omorashi-themed story when I first started, but I really didn't feel satisfied with how it turned out. I'm not much of a writer to begin with (bad with words), and the plot and execution of the omorashi itself are kind of awkward. But I reread it a couple days ago and realized it wasn't actually as awful as I'd remembered it being. It's still pretty bad, but who knows, maybe someone will like it!

~~~Fruitless Waiting~~~

The stars shone bright above her, pinprick holes in the heavy black shroud of the sky that let the light of worlds beyond shine through onto the mortal Earth -- a place of melancholy, and hope, and struggle, and despair, and love. . . and most of all, flesh, the solid form that stands beneath yet somehow gives meaning to the soul inhabiting it.

She was waiting alone, sitting in the garden by the inn. A purple flower she couldn't recognize hung down from the arbor above her, emitting a vaguely sweet scent that mingled with the saltiness of the air. Every once in a while, people would come walking along the path across from her, between the old maples and the rose bushes, shadowy figures silhouetted against the warm glow of the inn windows and lit a little on the other side by a gibbous moon. Most of them were either drunk or planning on getting drunk in short order. The noise of the nearby tavern ebbed and flowed with the arrival and departure of its patrons.

The town clock struck fourth quarter: midnight.

Is he still coming? she thought sadly. A freezing wind came up and started cutting into her skin. The young lady shivered as she drew her cloak more tightly around herself and pulled her scarf up over her nose and mouth.

It's been three hours. . . Did he forget, or did he -

Not allowing herself to finish the thought, she whispered, "He'll come. He's only late. . ."

It was impossible to keep still in the cold. Her teeth chattered, and each new gust of wind sent convulsions through her body. Her nose was dripping, and even under her thick scarf, her face was going white.

And, to top all this off, she was feeling an old and familiar discomfort in her lower regions.

"I can hold it," she muttered, shifting her weight from one foot to the other, "It's not so bad yet."

Just then, a party of sailors, Imperial from the look of them, came down along the path, chattering and singing and making such a din that several inn patrons opened up their windows and shouted at them to quiet down or else suffer some unspecified consequences. Empty threats were exchanged before the tired visitors finally gave up and tried to return to bed, while the seamen went on as loud as before. One with sharp eyes caught sight of the young lady under the arbor. He smiled a lecherous smile and said to the others, "Watch this."

With a swaggering gait, the short but well-built and muscular sailor approached, made a low bow, and, in fractured Abelani, began:

"What's such a sweet little lady doing out in this cold? C'mere, lady. I'm gonna make you warm."

He tried to grab her by the arm, but she quickly withdrew, recoiling from the touch of his strong, calloused hands.

"What's the matter, bitch? Don't you like me?" he shouted, his calm, confident facade quickly crumbling to dust.

His friends were laughing. "Give it up, Ith! It's freezing out here! Let's get to the bar!"

But their laughter only prodded him on. He wouldn't let himself be humiliated in front of them. Not giving her time to react this time, he snatched up both her arms and drew her to him. Without a word, she tore herself from his grip, shooting him a look of hostility and contempt unmistakable even in the darkness. The sailor was stunned by her strength, but he wouldn't be deterred. He was about to move in for another attack when a couple friends of his got him by the shoulders and started dragging him protesting away.

"His apologies, miss," one of them said, half meaning it, "Let's go, Ith. Damn, man! Why do you have to go for every girl you see? You can't even see what she looks like under all that!"

And the party went on their way, leaving the garden quiet again. She was a little shaken, but not badly. She could hold her own against men like that. Her thoughts quickly returned to the one she was waiting for, and to how much longer she might have to wait.

* * *

An hour passed, and then another. Fewer people went down the path as the night wore on. The singing of the tavern died down, and the only sounds remaining were the occasional tap of the guardsman's boots on the plaza pavement, the ever present crashing of the waves against the cliffs and stones of the shore, and, in the distance, the tenor croaks of the frogs that inhabited the water basin. On another night, she might have enjoyed the stillness and the solitude. But now, she was tired and hungry; her hands were numb with cold, and her bladder was slowly reaching its limit as the hours wore on.

Still, she waited, though her eyes dripped tears that left streaks of ice as they slid down her face.

She was sitting now, on a stone bench beside the laundry pool, legs crossed tight, her face buried in her hands.

I'm crazy, she thought, staying here like this. . . He won't come. . . She was never going to. . . I gotta pee. . . Bad. . . She laughed in spite of herself. I want to go home, and I want to go pee, and I want to go to bed, and I want to forget about all of this. . .

She got to her feet, only to find herself suddenly worrying. What if he comes when I'm not here?

You've been telling yourself that all night! If he was going to come, he would have been here by now.

But. . . what if he's just late?

If something's kept him this long, it'll probably keep him the whole night. One way or another, he isn't coming.

What could have happened?

Either he's gone back on his promise, or he's dead.

No! What if he. . . Something came up. . .

She wanted to get up and leave, but her body wouldn't move. A cold breeze touched her, and it felt like death. At that moment, she felt like dying, or at least she wouldn't mind if she did. The words he'd said to her were still clear in her memory: words of love and devotion, words she had believed because she wanted to. They had only known each other a short time, but they got to know each other very well. Though, now she questioned how well she really knew him. He had presented himself as a thinking man, beyond the petty problems of the world, who would take her to where he had been, a place of happiness and peace. He was a handsome man with innocent, transparent eyes. She thought she'd read him right when he told her to meet him here tonight. They would leave together for the Mainland, he said. . .

Why would he do this to me. . . If he didn't really want me, why didn't he tell me so? Why would he ask me to wait for him when he knew. . . Could he really be so cruel?

And she started weeping, open, unrestrained, not caring who might see her (not that there was anyone around to see her anyway). Suddenly, her bladder asserted itself. With a little gasp, she pressed her hands between her legs to regain control.

"I have to go now," she muttered, grimacing. As she stood up and started to leave, a familiar voice called out to her.

"Mirien! Is that you?"

A backwards glance revealed the voice's source -- Sanku Enkosta, apparently just emerging from the tavern.

"It is you!" she cried out in astonishment, hurrying over, "What're you doing out so late, and in this chill? Look! You're trembling!"

Indeed, Mirien was trembling. All the physical and emotional pressures of the night had taken their toll.

Mirien looked at Sanku for a moment. She was an old friend. Though they hadn't spoken much lately, they used to be very close, sharing everything with each other. They drifted apart naturally, it seemed, as good friends sometimes do.

She desperately wanted to excuse herself, to tell Sanku that she couldn't stick around to explain things. But at that moment, she needed someone to talk to, and she knew Sanku would listen with sympathetic ears. Almost hobbling, she approached her friend and said, with a calmness that surprised herself:

"He didn't come."

Sanku looked at her blankly for a moment before a sudden flash of realization crossed her face. "You mean. . . That guy from down south. . . The. . ."

Mirien gave a low nod, pressing her lips together tight.

"You were that close. . . ? His ship set sail this afternoon. . . Didn't he. . . ?"

But she didn't complete her thought. Even in the dim light, she could see a subtle change in Mirien's eyes. Timidly, she pulled the scarf down from over her mouth, prompting Mirien to do the same.

". . . Sorry," she muttered after a moment's pause.

Mirien wanted to cry again, but something kept her from doing it. She felt wretched. She felt used. But she couldn't express it now. She needed to cry, and she needed to talk, but nothing was coming out.

Sanku noticed how her friend was fidgeting -- how she was crossing and uncrossing her legs and bouncing a little. She thought it must have been the cold, and that was partly true.

"Come on," she whispered, "Let's go to the other end of the garden. Wind won't be as much of a problem there."

Gently, she took Mirien's hand and led her to a bench wedged in a corner between two apartments, shielded from the gusts that were picking up in frequency and intensity. They sat close together. Mirien could smell wine and ale on her friend's breath.

After a long, fidgety silence, Mirien at last managed to say, "Talk to me."

"Hmm?. . ."

"Talk to me. When I heard you call my name just now, I wanted to talk to you, but now I just want to listen to someone. . . Please, talk to me about something."

"Okay, then. . . What should I-"

"Anything."

". . . Well, down at the docks today. . . We got a shipment of-"

"You asked me why I'm here so late. Now you know why. So, what about you?"

Sanku just looked at her friend for a moment. A faint smile wriggled onto her face, and she pulled her scarf back up. "I felt good today. . . I can't say why. . . It was just a nice day. So, I felt like getting a little drunk to celebrate. It's like some sort of personal holiday I don't know the meaning of."

"Oh?" Mirien intoned, squeezing a hand in her crotch.

"Life just feels wonderful today. O-of course, things are a little tough for you right now. . . Look, I'm sorry if-"

"No! No," Mirien quickly interjected. She was torn. On one hand, she wanted to stay and talk; Sanku's company was making her feel a little better, less alone. But on the other hand, if she didn't go soon. . .

I can just tell her, "Sorry, but I really need to use the toilet right now." Could you wait here for a minute please? But. . . it feels so wonderful to be with someone right now. I've been alone and miserable all night. . . I couldn't ask her to come with me, could I? . . . No! That's. . . But why am I even thinking about this right now!

". . . Mirien."

Without realizing it, she had started bawling.

". . . Fuck! . . . I've been waiting so long, and he doesn't come! He was never going to come! He told me, 'Wait for me in the garden.' That's exactly what he said. But he's gone! Did I not matter to him at all? How could he. . . What right did he have? I trusted him, and he knew that. I thought I could trust him. . . He told me so many things. . . Wonderful things. . ." Mirien felt a little calmer now. "I've been standing around here maybe six hours now. . . Fuck, I'm crazy! . . . And. . . I'm just exhausted. My legs are tired. My fingers are about to fall off, and my nose has been dripping into my scarf all night. I'm so hungry. And I am seriously about to piss myself right now; I've been holding it since yesterday, and I really don't think I can hold it anymore."

Although she felt embarrassed saying it, Mirien was surprised by how easy it was to admit her need. For a moment, Sanku was silent, but then she started to laugh and said congenially, "We'd better get you to a toilet then."

Feeling a little awkward, Mrient took her friend's hand and got to her feet. Not delaying a moment, they set off to the plaza.

"We'll use the one by the schoolyard. . . The tavern's just closed."

Mirien nodded, holding herself and continuing to squirm. It felt a little better to be walking, but every tiny step she took (and her steps had to be tiny) put gently squeezed her bladder, which was now full to bursting point. She wasn't leaking yet, but her hand was like an old, worn-out levee trying to hold back a train of tsunamis. She wouldn't be able to hold it back much longer.

The two of them hobbled past the inn, windows all dark. The plaza was empty, an unusual sight. Even the night watchman had returned to the guardhouse having completed his rounds and being satisfied that everything was secure. Mirien looked up and saw the Windmill, silhouetted against a white Moon that now barely crested above the Windmill's apex. Very soon, the Sun would be rising. Everyone would wake up and prepare for the long autumn day ahead. But for now, with the stars still shining and the town still quiet, it was a beautiful night.

As they reached the corner where the plaza met Market Street, Mirien let out a gasp. Sanku didn't ask what was wrong; the faint, sporadic pattering of water on stone told her what she needed to know. She turned to Mirien, who had a look of speechless terror written on her face. Without thinking, Sanku embraced her, wrapping her arms tight around Mirien's chest and pressing their cheeks together. A jolt shot through Mirien, and her urine started coming out full force.

Through her thick trousers, a strong, heavy stream shot to the ground, wetting the cobblestones of the street below. Mirien stood there, feeling the half-drunken heat emanating from Sanku's body, feeling her soft caresses and her smooth cheek, hearing gentle reassurances that everything was alright, at last experiencing sweet, long awaited release as her warm, long-retained pee gushed out of her. She flushed crimson, even in the color-sapping cold, at the thought of what she was doing. Her face was burning with shame. She was humiliated. In a way, she was defeated. But, in the arms of a dear old friend, there was a certain pleasure in this.

Mirien sighed with contentment and relief. Sanku felt her warm breath on her face as she listened to the hiss and patter of Mirien's still gushing stream. She kept going for about half a minute before finally starting to taper off and eventually stop. Once again, she let out a little sigh.

Mirien heard Sanku quietly chuckling. "You. . . really did have to go, didn't you."

She blushed a second time. "I - I did tell you how long I was waiting, didn't I?"

Listening to her friend's sniggering, she started to laugh too. After all she had been through, to laugh was wonderful. She felt lighter now, bouncier, though she was still exhausted.

"You know," Sanku whispered with a sympathetic and playful smile, ". . . I have to go too."

"Ha ha! You're drunk, Sanku. You don't know what you're doing!"

"You did it! Now hold on."

With that, she began to squeeze Mirien even tighter. For a moment, everything was silent. Then, as a new smile spread across Sanku's face, she began to piddle on the ground, her puddle meeting with Mirien's in what little space there was between them.

"Ahhhh. . . !"

Sanku sighed an exaggerated sigh as she emptied herself. Her stream was just as strong as Mirien's, but it didn't last as long. Still, Mirien was amazed she had shown no signs of desperation before then. . .

A breeze blew up and cut between their soaked legs, sending a chill through both of them.

"Let's go somewhere warmer and get cleaned up," Sanku suggested, "Then. . . Maybe we can go back to my place and get something to eat. You're still hungry, right?"

"Y-yeah," Mirien replied, still red in the face, "We should. . . Probably wash our boots first off . ."

"Hah. . . Good idea."

". . . The baths are open all hours, aren't they?"

"Yeah, I think so. . . We sure could use a bath right now!"

Without thinking -- without having to think -- Mirien took Sanku's gloved hand tightly in her own. They looked at each other, content.

"Well, let's go!" Sanku said.

And off they went.

~~~~~~

Comments, criticism, and advice are welcome!

