Threesome

Author: Franny

*000*2012-04-18 03:32

For the longest time I and my gf have had this wonderful fantasy, in which we are confronted by a third person. This is quite brief and to the point, actually. She and I talk about it in the car, we both get turned on by it, and this leads to a maximum of pleasure for the two of us when we are making out in the back seat.

Both of us are what you might call petite. I'm only 5'3" and 110 pounds and she's smaller than I am. She knows that I swing both ways sometimes, she thinks about having long kissing/cuddling sessions with her own roommate. So, a few weeks ago, when I brought up that I have thoughts about this major league good looker in my graduate seminar, she hooked onto it herself. She thinks my descriptions of him make him out to be really the bomb, and now she's more creative than I am about what the three of us will do together.

He really exists, he's 6 feet 3 inches tall or about that. He must be over 200 pounds, and he has beautifully sculpted features. The fact that he's also black just enhances his appeal to me. In real life I've not seen him nude but I know exactly what he looks like. He has this high bottom, this bubble-butt, with perfect ass cheeks, and when he turns around to face me, I feel suddenly weak in the knees. He has the biggest thickest cock I've seen on a human being.

Melanie sees it too and just goes "Ha ahhhh, Mmmmm, guhhh," something not in decipherable words but something that expresses surprise and amazement, also delight. Also possibly fear, just a bit. Ahmed just laughs out loud at us two puny pussies. He manages to grab hold of both of us, one in each arm, and pulls us down onto the carpet with him.

To my surprise, Ahmed is more interested in me, at least for starters. He teases me, tickles me in the ribs, he rubs his hands over my bare midriff. I just moan in delight as I realize that, for better or worse, I am completely in his power. He has his hands all over me, up inside my shorts, on my skinny little bottom. I am having rape fantasies. He is raping me. I am full of fear -- and anticipation too.

Not really but I have such a confusion of emotions. I'm so worked up I think I might explode, yet on the other hand, I am literally trembling . Ahmed is so overpowering, so overpoweringly sexual. I can smell him. Never except with Ahmed have I been able to smell sex.

Then, I guess he can smell urine, because I have somehow managed to pee into my shorts during the minute or two that his extreme attentions were laser-focused on me. I guess it was fear or maybe a combination of fear and excitement. I dunno, alls I know is, I wet my pants on the living room carpet.

I thought Ahmed would either laugh or hit me. Indeed, he was quite surprised to discover that his little buddy had had an accident in his pants, and he didn't hesitate to exclaim on it. Melanie, lying right next to us, could see my embarrassment and she decided that it was funny, though she didn't make fun of me -- in fact she helped me off with my wet shorts and went and got a towel and dried my abdominal area herself. Which just made me get hard, all 5 inches of me. Ahmed and Melanie now both concentrated on pleasuring me, he fondles my cock and then moves to take me into his mouth, something he can totally do, that is, he can put all of my penis and testicles into his large mouth. I've never had that with a lover, of either sex.

While he's doing that Melanie is giving me wonderful French kisses, deep and soulful. Then she moves herself so that her naked crotch is in my face and I am giving tongue to her pussy even as Ahmed is very quickly causing me to get near to climax after only a minute or two of eating my cock.

Please don't blame me for this -- my powers of description are limited -- but for about three or four minutes everything seemed to happen at once. I could feel myself about to cum and had no way to slow it down since there was no way to slow down Ahmed. At the same time, Melanie was very quickly being moved by my tongue to a state of moist arousal far greater than I had ever been able to cause her to have on past encounters. And then it was like there were two explosions almost at the same time. I think I was screaming out in passion and I know Melanie was, as she moved up and down on my face. And Ahmed, what a great guy! He didn't do anything as I climaxed, didn't take his mouth off of me at all, he kept me in his mouth, he let me cum totally in his mouth. He swallowed it completely, and he seemed to like doing it.

Even as I was still on the downhill side of my sexual climax, still breathing uncontrollably and saying "unh, unghhh, wow, Oh Wow!!!..." or something to that effect, my Melanie released some of her own pee onto my face. I never got it whether she was doing this on purpose or as something that naturally came about in response to earlier events, but she wet herself and my face with pee for maybe fifteen seconds, while I -- totally stunned -- made no effort to stop it, or her.

Wow, I didn't realize I was gonna get going so far on all of this.

Anyway, Ahmed wasn't finished with the two of us, not by any means. When I recovered enough to look, he was gloriously erect and moving from me towards Melanie's soaking wet bum. She herself was in post-cum moans and shivers, probably thinking that the high point of the evening had passed. But for her, it was all just beginning, because Ahmed -- after he took the towel and wiped her off a bit -- came down on top of her small body like nothing else she had ever experienced. I won't go into the details of that except to say that he brought her to a shattering orgasm within five minutes, after which Melanie gurgled off into a sort of a post-coital trance. Then Ahmed turned to me and repeated what he had done to her, except that in my case of course, he - - - - but you can figure that part out. When he finished with me I was completely wet with sweat and with Ahmed, and I passed out into the sweetest dreamless sleep of my life.

