An Accident During Training (Hetalia Omorashi)

Author: KawaiiApple

*000*2015-09-03 19:39

Italy opened his eyes as he rose awake. He yawned and stretched and was ready to greet the day. He looked at the clock on his nightstand and he suddenly panicked. The clock read 6:30. Italy knew he had to meet Germany at the park for training at 7:00. He had been late before, but if he was late one more time, he didn't even wanna think about what would happen. So he quickly sprang out of bed and started to get dressed. He quickly put on his sailor suit, his pants, and shoes. Once he was dressed, he walked out of his room to go downstairs to the kitchen. While he was walking downstairs, he realized he hadn't used the bathroom yet. But he decided to skip it because he didn't want to waste anymore time.

So he entered the kitchen, ate a quick breakfast, and had a few cups of coffee to wake himself up a bit. Then he checked the clock. 6:45. He only had 15 minutes to get to the park. So he quickly grabbed a water botttle and he ran out the door. The park wasn't all that far from his house. But he still knew that he had to hurry. As he was running, he felt the liquid sloshing around in his bladder. Italy stopped running and gave himself a firm squeeze. He made a mental note to ask Germany to go to the bathroom once he got to the park. Once he let go of his crotch, he continued to run to the park before he was late.

~~~ Time Skip to the Park ~~~~~~~~

Luckily, Italy made it to the park on time. He ran towards the track where Germany was waiting for him. "Italy! You vhere on time zhis time. Good job." Italy smiled and was about to give Germany a hug when a wave of desparation washed over him. Italy pinched his thighs together tightly and fidgeted a little bit. He knew he had to ask Germany to use the bathroom or he'd have to hold it through a 3 hour training session. "Um...Germany.......c-can I use the bathroom before we start?", he asked with a bit of urgency in his voice. Germany shook his head and said, "No Italy. You should've gone before you left your house. You can go vhen you take your break in 2 hours." This was not the answer that Italy wanted to hear.

In fact, it worried him. He already had to go pretty badly, and he wasnt sure if he could hold it for 2 hours. But before he could say so, Germany spoke up. "Alright, Italy. Start running your laps until I tell you to stop." Italy reluctantly started running around the track. Since it was actually pretty warm outside, he started slowly sipping at his water bottle. About half way through his first lap, he felt the water starting to catch up to him and his need grew more. Italy started to get worried. Since Germany wasn't near him, he stopped running and quickly grabbed himself and crossed his legs. Despite doing these, he felt a drop of urine escape his bladder. Italy gasped loudly and squeezed his crotch a bit tighter. Once he was in control, he started running again, but a bit slower so he didn't upset his bladder. He was hoping his break would come soon so he could releive his swollen bladder.

He really didn't want to have an accident, especially not in front of Germany. He continued running and by the time he finished 5 laps, he was fidgeting all over the place. Italy considered asking Germany to use the bathroom again, but when he started walking over to him, a spurt of urine leaked from his bladder and dampened his boxers a little bit. Italy quickly grabbed his crotch with both hands and bounced slightly. He glanced around and he saw Germany looking right at him. Italy blushed deeply and continued to run. About 3 minutes later, he had to stop running again because his bladder leaked again, in longer spurts this time. A baseball sized stain appeared on Italy's pants. He doubled over and squeezed his throbbing member tightly.

Tears started forming in his eyes. This was really starting to hurt. He tried to stop his spurts, but they admittedly felt good. Even just getting a half second of relief was good for Italy. But all he wanted was to get full relief and empty his bladder of all that he drank. Italy put both hands on his crotch and ran as fast as he could around the track. He didn't care if anyone saw him. He didn't even care if they laughed at him. He just wanted to pee. As soon as he ran around the track, he made his way back to Germany, ready to burst. Italy looked up at the German and pleaded, "Please, Please Germany! I really need to pee! Please let me go! Please!" Italy crossed his legs and fidgeted all around, his hands still gripping his throbbing member. He had been desperate during training before, but never THIS desparate. He whimpered as another spurt left his bladder and trailed down his leg. He was at his limit. Germany gave the italian a smypathetic look.

Then he spoke, "Alright Italy. You have my permission to go." Italy wasted no time. He didn't think he could make it to the porta-potty on the other side of the park. So he quickly ran over to a nearby tree. He tryed to unbutton his pants, but unfortunately, thats when Italy's muscles decided to give in. It started with a few spurts, but then the flood gates fully opened and he was peeing full force into his pants. Italy grabbed his crotch, trying to stop the flow, but it was useless. He removed his hand from his crotch and let out a huge sigh of relief as his bladder continued to empty. Warm pee made its way down Italy's legs. It soaked through his pants and fell onto the grass below. It felt so good to finally let go.

After what felt like hours, he was finally finished. Italy turned around and looked at Germany. He just stared at Italy in utter shock. Had his friend really just had an accident? Italy fell to his knees and started crying into his hands. He was so embarrased. He just had an accident in front of Germany. "I-I-I'm sorry Germany! I-I couldn't hold it anymore!", said Italy with a shaking voice. Germany walked over to the crying Italian. He bent down and embraced him. Italy hugged him back and cryed into his shoulder. Germany rubbed his back soothingly.

"It's ok, Italy. You really had to go. I should've have let you. It is my fault.", said Germany. Italy looked up at the German and shivered. His wet pants were starting to get cold. "G-Germany... c-can I please go home and change?", whispered Italy. Germany nodded and said, "Ja......and take zhis." Germany took off his jacket and tied it around Italy's waist. "And....training is canceled for today", said Germany giving a sympathetic smile. Italy stood up and smiled at Germany. "Grazie....", he said. He started to walk home. As he walked, Italy made another mental note. No matter how late he was, he had to always go to the bathroom before training. He was still a little bit embarresed, but he decided to make himself feel better by changing his clothes, watching some TV and eating some pasta!

THE END! (^_^) (please no hate! This is my first omorashi fanfic. Any constructive critisisim is fine thanks!)

