Biting the Hand That Feeds You

Author: SashaButters

*000*2015-06-02 21:29

Yuzu was the first of the three girls to awaken in the Kurosaki household that Saturday morning. She moaned slightly as she stretched her sore limbs out on the spare futon mat that was placed on the floor in between the two beds. Rukia wasn’t kidding, Yuzu thought as she sat up and massaged her sore neck. It was like sleeping on a rock. Yuzu frowned bitterly as she saw the two other girls sleeping peacefully in the comfortable looking beds. After arguing most of the night about sleeping arrangements the girls had decided to settle things with a game of poker with Yuzu being the obvious loser.

“No fair” Yuzu pouted as she rolled up the spare futon and put it back in her closet. “Karin always wins because she’s so straight faced all the time.”

“Wha time iz it?” Karin mumbled still half asleep as she lifted her head off the pillow before giving up half-way and letting her head fall back down. “It’s early.”

“Your bed is so comfy, Yuzu!” Rukia said stretching her arms and legs from underneath the covers before sitting up while Yuzu grumbled under her breath. “What was that?” Rukia teased.

“I said I’m going to go make breakfast.” Yuzu said as she made her way down the hall towards the bathroom to take care of her morning needs first. “That’s weird.” she said as she pulled at the door handle only to find it locked. “Is Ichigo already up? I’m sure he’ll be out in a minute.” She said as she waited outside the door shifting her weight from foot to foot.

“Hurry up, Ichigo…” she whined crossing and uncrossing her legs as her pink nightgown that fell just below her knees swayed with her every movement. She breathed a sigh of relief when she heard the toilet flush. “Finally.” she moaned getting ready to make a mad dash inside once the door opened. “Any minute now.” she said as she waited and waited for the door to open. Her face fell when she heard the shower turn on. “No no no! Ichigo!” Yuzu yelled knocking on the door. “Let me use the bathroom first!” She moaned when she got no answer and again once she heard the shower radio turn on. “I have to pee.” she said softly as she rested her head on the bathroom door.

“What are you doing?” Yuzu heard as she turned her head to see both Karin and Rukia standing there staring at her.

“Ichigo’s up.” Yuzu said in defeat as the two black haired girls grimaced.

“How long has he been in there?” Karin asked as she felt her own bladder begging for release.

“He just got in.” Yuzu said as she continued squirming; the sound of the shower doing nothing to help her full bladder.

“Ugh, Ichigo takes forever in the shower!” Karin moaned bending her knees together as her short biker shorts began pressing into her.

“Isn’t there another bathroom?” Rukia asked as her bladder was the only reason she left the confines of the comfy bed.

“Yeah, in my dad’s room, but-” Karin started to say.

“I’m going there then.” Rukia said heading for that direction.

“You don’t want to do that.” Karin and Yuzu said simultaneously stopping Rukia in her tracks.

“Why not?” Rukia asked confused as a sudden wave of desperation overcame her causing her to bend forward. “Curse these tiny human bladders, I don’t know how you put up with these.”

“He sleeps naked. One time Karin went in there only to be met with his butt sticking out of the blankets.” Yuzu explained.

“So...hairy…” Karin said shuddering at the memory.

“She’s never been the same since.” Yuzu said bowing her head. “Don’t you have to use the bathroom in soul society?”

“We do, but not so often.” Rukia explained. “Maybe like once or twice a week if that. We only eat and drink to recover reiatsu expended during battle and to sustain ourselves. We only need to eat like once a day but many of us eat and drink for the fun of it. “

“Lucky.” Karin mumbled as she too found herself becoming more and more desperate as time went on.

“I was shocked my first day in a gigai, I thought it was broken the amount of times I needed to pee. Even the first couple of nights...” Rukia mumbled with a blush.

“Is that why Ichigo’s closet smells like pee?” Karin asked bluntly. “Ugh, I can’t take this anymore! Get out here, Ichigo!” Karin yelled pounding on the door, but to no avail.

“Wait.” Rukia said perking up. “What about the bathroom in the clinic?” She asked only to be met with shaking heads.

“Dad let that crazy guy in again.” Karin groaned.

“That one that hangs out in front of the neighborhood screaming aliens are controlling his mind and telling him what to do?” Rukia asked.

“That’s the one.” Karin said with a sigh. “He plugged the toilet up with paper towels because he said if he didn’t the aliens would come up through the pipes and suck his brains out through his ass. I told dad not to let him in.” she said shaking her head. “Anyway, it’s not useable until the plumber comes on monday.”

“Then what am I supposed to do?” Rukia shouted getting flustered and to the point of openly holding herself.

“Well, if it gets too bad you could always just pee in the sink.” Karin said with a shrug earning her a smack in the back of the head from Yuzu.

“No one is peeing in the kitchen sink!” Yuzu yelled protective of her kitchen space. “I guess i’ll get started on breakfast.” she said after another minute as she anxiously bit her lip and headed downstairs. Rukia and Karin stayed behind leaning against the wall as they silently argued who would get to use the bathroom first once Ichigo came out. At first glance Karin seemed to be in much better shape than Rukia, who had begun moaning and fidgeting non-stop.

“That’s it! I can’t take this anymore!” Rukia yelled as she held her palm up towards the knob of the bathroom door. “Hado number 33!”

“Don’t you dare!” Karin yelled knocking her to the floor in order to break her spell and keep her from blowing a hole in the house. “What’s that look for? Oh…”Karin said as she watched wide eyed as the 75lb girl on the ground whimpered as the bunny pajama pants she was wearing began to darken and a puddle began to spread underneath their owners butt.

“Don’t look!” Rukia yelled red faced as she tried desperately to stop the gushing flow of urine from entering her pajamas. “It won’t stop!”

“If it makes you feel any better i’ll let you kick Ichigo’s ass when he gets out.” Karin offered as she grimaced at the puddle in the middle of the hallway. “Look, just get yourself cleaned up. I won’t tell anyone.” Karin offered. Rukia nodded her red teary face and muttered something about this being Ichigo’s fault before heading to the laundry room to strip and deposit her wet clothes in the washer. Karin sighed before making sure no one was around and grabbing herself in desperation. Seeing Rukia wet herself had only managed to increase her need dramatically. Once she had managed to collect herself enough to release herself she walked down the stairs in order to get the mop out of the closet to give to Rukia. She felt bad for her, but no way was she cleaning up someone else’s piss. She stopped when she heard crying coming from the kitchen.

“Now what.” Karin mumbled as she opened the door to see Yuzu crying in a puddle. “Not you too.” Karin sighed shifting and squirming madly as the pressure inside her continued to build as a small leak began dampening her green undies. Karin looked to see an empty bottle of water with a little bit of pee in it as she began to put the pieces together.

“I-I-I tried to pee in a bottle but it was going everywhere and then I slipped in it and fell.” Yuzu cried as Karin inspected the damage. Her nightgown was soaked along with her legs and tiles of the kitchen floor.

“It’s okay, Yuzu.” Karin said as she dampened a rag in the kitchen sink as she tried her best to ignore her own desperation. “Stand up.”

“Th-thank you.” Yuzu whimpered while Karin began wiping the urine off her legs. While Karin refused to clean Rukia’s mess, her own sister was a different story entirely and Karin was in no way going to abandon the girl who cooked her meals and did her laundry. Her head perked up when she heard the water from the shower shut off. Now was her chance! All she had to do was make it up the stairs! Oh no, she realized as she was forced to jam her hands into her crotch. She couldn’t move!

“I’ll help you, Karin.” Yuzu said as she wrapped an arm around her sister. “You can make it!” she encouraged as she slowly guided her sister up the stairs little by little while Karin groaned and held herself stopping several times to sit and put more pressure down when her bladder contracted. “Almost there, the bathroom doors open!” Yuzu said. Karin looked up to see the bathroom door was indeed open. Relief was only a few more feet away!

“Ugh!” she groaned as she began to leak again. “No! I’m so close!”

“You made it, Karin!” Yuzu said as they entered the bathroom together as Yuzu quickly lifted the toilet seat lid. “All you have to do is take off your shorts and sit down.”

“Can’t...move...my hands..” Karin mumbled as her eyes filled with moisture. Yuzu stared at her sister sympathetically knowing she wasn’t going to make it. The look of embarrassment on Karin’s face broke Yuzu’s heart, to be this close… She looked around searching for a solution as she realized the best possible outcome would just to have Karin stand in the shower as she took her by the hand and opened the shower door.

“It’s okay, Karin.” Yuzu said knowingly as she guided her over the drain as Karin lost the battle to hold on as her tight shorts darkened as pee began cascading down her thighs and legs before Karin gave up and squatted over the drain as she continued peeing with a loud hiss through her shorts and sniffling.

###

“Oh, hello. Morn..ing?” Ichigo started to say but was greeted with three equally terrifying glares from the girls who were seated around the table in fresh clothes. “Umm, breakfast looks really good, Yuzu.” he said reaching for a dish of rolled omelettes and rice until he suddenly felt his hand get smacked away.

“Not for you.” Yuzu growled as she took a bite of her eggs before swallowing and pointing to a box of cornflakes on the counter. “Your breakfast is over there.”

*001*2015-06-02 22:39

Awesome! ^^ I'm glad to hear you liked it.

