Hazel the Human Toilet

Author: jakeybakey

*000*2022-11-19 10:25

Hazel is getting quite annoyed. Whoever walked into the bathroom earlier sure is taking a long time, and with her bladder's pressure increasing, she knocks aggressively.

"Get out of the bathroom soon or I'll fill your teeth with cement!"

The student inside then proceeds to take longer to spite Hazel. Hazel's bladder can't hold on much longer, and she isn't about to wet herself at school. The student's name is Matthew, and eventually, he walks out of the bathroom.

"FINALLY! Now next time, don't take so long." says Hazel.

Matthew turns back to her, annoyed. He wants revenge for her being mean.

"You know, the toilet kind of... got clogged." lies Matthew. "And all the other bathrooms are closed for maintenance."

"Oh come on you dumb oaf! Ugh... where else would there be a bathroom?" asks Hazel.

"Below the first floor." says Matthew.

"The basement area?" asks Hazel.

"Yeah. You go down the stairs and take a left. You can't miss it."

"But... didn't the principal say to not go down there at the beginning of the semester?"

"No. He reopened it, remember?" lies Matthew.

Hazel doesn't have time for this. She needs to get to a working bathroom, and now.

"Thanks for the directions, dork." says Hazel.

"No problem. See you around soon, okay?" says Matthew.

Matthew starts walking and mutters under his breath.

"Real soon..."

Hazel starts walking toward the stairs that lead to the first floor. Her bladder is manageable to hold, but if she waits any longer, she may be in quite the pickle. Hazel reaches the stairs and walks down to the first floor. Each step bounces her bladder around, and she can feel her need to urinate increasing. There's a total of two minutes before fourth period starts, so Hazel starts power walking. She makes her way through a crowd of students, and a student bumps into her. Hazel almost loses control of her bladder from the impact, but she squeezes herself tight just in time. Hazel can really feel her bladder increasing with more urine now.

Did she absolutely HAVE to drink from the water fountain after P.E. for that long? The worst part is that she hasn't peed since she left her house, and P.E. was her first period. So that would mean Hazel has been holding her urine for about two hours. Hazel makes her way to the second set of stairs. With each step sloshing her bladder around, she slows down in an attempt to not wet herself. Hazel makes it down to the bottom of the stairs and takes a left, like Matthew said.

"You know, maybe I was too harsh on Matthew..." thought Hazel. "He did help me out here after all."

Hazel sees a bathroom door labeled "HUMAN TOILETS". Kind of weird, considering all toilets are for humans, but Hazel presses on. She enters the door, and sees a couple stalls and some urinals. She is weirded out that this is more of a men's bathroom, but it's not like she has any other choice. Hazel tries to unlock one of the stalls.

Click! click!

Locked. She tries to open the other stall.

Click! click!

Locked again. Hazel can't believe this, but she may have to use the urinals instead. She looks at a urinal, and sees some yellow tape on the sides. "WORK IN PROGRESS TEST MODEL". Not ominous at all. Either way, she doesn't have a choice. Hazel then grabs below her skirt, and pulls her panties out of the way. Just as Hazel is about to release, she slips on the tiled floor and tries to catch herself by placing her hand on the urinal. By doing this, Hazel accidentally hits a button. The urinal releases arms to mechanically insert Hazel into the urinal facing outward. With Hazel almost bursting to go, the urinal then mechanically cuffs her arms and legs to the urinal.

"Wait, WHAT?! LET ME GO! LET ME-" Hazel tries to scream, but the urinal's mechanical arms place tape over her mouth. Hazel is nothing but a muffle, as the urinal mechanical arms start taking off her clothing, piece by piece. The arms start pinching at Hazel's school uniform. The arms slowly take off Hazel's skirt. Hazel feels her skirt tickling her leg as it gets pulled down. This tickling sensation is enough for Hazel to lose control of her bladder, but she holds on tight. Next, her shirt.

The arms grab her shirt and bring it upward, along with her bow as well. Nothing of her clothing is left except for her bra and panties. The robot arms retreat back inside of the urinal, and all Hazel can feel is the cold air of the AC, and the overwhelming urge to urinate. Since she's still above the urinal, she decides to try and pee. Hazel relaxes herself and gets ready to release, but the urinal arms are quick to stop this, and place a layer of duct tape over her privates. This prevents her from peeing entirely.

She then remembers the sign to the bathroom. "Human Toilets". Hazel realizes that she had quite literally become a human toilet. They just rip off the tape from your privates when they need to pee, and they fill you up. Hazel gets infuriatingly mad at Matthew for misleading her like this. How could he? Hazel squirms and wiggles, but no one is there to save her. Matthew seems to be the only student to know about this bathroom, and maybe he could come save her! yes! All Hazel has to do.. is sit here with her increasing bladder, and wait.

Ten minutes pass. Hazel is wiggling her legs impatiently. Thirty minutes pass. Hazel is squirming and sweating. An hour passes. Hazel is tearing up and wants to burst. Hazel's bladder keeps building up with liquid, no matter how much she holds it in. This pressure, this experience, is making her... horny. Why is this making her horny? This isn't the way she thought the bathroom would be. Hazel desperately wants to start rubbing herself, but she's still cuffed to the urinal. She starts rubbing her legs with what little room she has being cuffed. This rubbing tickles her pussy.

Why is she enjoying this?! This is messed up! She should sue Matthew, hell, the school! She keeps rubbing regardless. Hazel starts using her elbows to play with her breasts, since her hands are cuffed to the top of the urinal. Her breasts never felt so soft, and she starts rubbing both of them together with her elbows. With both her legs and breasts rubbing against each other, she moans with the tape still over her mouth. The warmth inside of her body and the pressure of her bladder is too much for Hazel to handle. She wants to release, but somebody needs to open the door and free her.

The door handle to the bathroom then rotates. Hazel quickly stops pleasuring herself and takes a look.

"Hey there..." says Matthew. "Been a while."

Hazel tries to speak, but the duct tape blocks her. Matthew then walks over to her and detaches the duct tape from Hazel's mouth. Hazel catches her breath.

"LET ME OUT! I NEED TO GO PEE SO BAD!" cries Hazel.

Matthew glances at how the urinal treated her clothing.

"I like your new look, Hazel." says Matthew.

"Oh shut up, pervert! Release me!" demands Hazel. "Or at least take the duct tape off of my pussy so I can pee!"

"You know, you've experienced enough. I'll take it off right now." says Matthew.

"Thank you!" says Hazel.

Matthew feels towards Hazel's pussy and takes off the tape. Hazel moans, and floods a river into the urinal. Matthew then starts studying Hazel's body.

"You know... it's not normally I encounter a half naked girl all tied up..." says Matthew.

Hazel doesn't even notice what Matthew says because of the amount of pleasure she's experiencing releasing three hours of held urine. Matthew steps closer to Hazel.

"I think I'll have my fun with you, and then we'll call it even." says Matthew.

"-What?!" says Hazel concerningly.

Matthew drops down his pants and goes inside Hazel. Hazel's pee stream gets interrupted, and the back and forth motions of Matthew's penis send Hazel into the realm of both pain and pleasure. Matthew's penis goes in deeper, and starts pressing against her bladder. Hazel's bladder jogs around violently as Matthew fucks her hard. Hazel moans with pleasure and tries to hold herself together. She squeezes her legs, and Matthew feels the tightness of her pussy. Matthew starts moving even faster. Hazel wants this to stop, but another side of her wants this to never end. Hazel's bladder fills to the brink of it almost bursting.

"STOP! STOP! STOP IT RIGHT NOW! I NEED TO PEE!" screams Hazel.

"Okay, okay," says Matthew. "I guess I could use a little break."

Matthew's penis then exits Hazel's pussy, and Hazel starts to flood into the urinal again. Matthew is catching his breath, and Hazel is trying to get as much urine out of her body as possible before he goes for round two.

"You know, I'm starting to need to use the bathroom as well." says Matthew as he's catching his breath. "But where can I pee?"

Hazel doesn't like where this is going. Hazel hasn't even let out half of her bladder yet, and Matthew is thinking about using her as a toilet.

"Oh well... you'll do." says Matthew.

Matthew takes his penis and inserts it deep into Hazel. Hazel's stream gets interrupted again, and the pressure is making her need to cum. Matthew then floods into Hazel. Hazel moans at the warmness, and the feeling of being urinated into. Her need to pee combined with Matthew's urine expands her bladder even more. After a good minute of urinating, Matthew's stream stops. Hazel thinks it's finally over. Then Matthew starts moving his penis back and forth inside of her. Her beyond full bladder is now pleasuring her insides beyond what she could've ever imagined. Matthew starts feeling at Hazel's breasts. Hazel had never had someone touch them so tenderly and seductively before. Matthew then cums into Hazel's pussy, and takes his penis out of her. The warmth of Matthew inside of her, her ever-growing bladder, and her breasts being fondled were all enough to make her cum.

Since Hazel's cumming, her body can't pee, which causes her to cum more. She moans uncontrollably and then starts flooding into the urinal again with both Matthew's and her urine combined. The stream then overflows the urinal, and starts dripping onto the back of her legs. Soon enough, the stream flows down to her ankles. The release of urine is almost orgasmic, and she cums again. Ten minutes go by, and her stream completes.

"Okay..." says Hazel trying to catch her breath. "I'm done. Can you uncuff me?"

"Sure," says Matthew. "I'm done here anyways."

Matthew presses another button on the urinal and it releases Hazel from the cuffs. Hazel then drops down into the overflowed urinal and splashes urine all over herself. Urine is streaming down her neck, to her breasts, and to her stomach. Hazel is completely soaked. Her thighs are completely submerged in the overflowed urinal. Matthew then leaves the bathroom, and laughs. The door closes.

"I'm gonna kill him." says Hazel.

THE END

