The One with the Wet Rumors

Author: quietpr

*000*2013-01-29 02:15

I am resurrecting a multi-part story I wrote about ten years ago that I don't think I ever shared with the fetish community and that got lost in the shuffle of multiple computer failures over the years. I still had my old storyboard for this one, which I have revamped and expanded a bit, and I'm rewriting it over time and posting the parts as I finish them.

This is a fanfiction in the universe of the 90s/00s sitcom "Friends" involving our shared interest. I've entitled the story "The One with the Wet Rumors" in an homage to the Friends naming convention.

CHAPTER 1: Monica's Discovery

Her sanctuary hummed with perfect order – that fifth floor walk-up in the heart of Manhattan that’d been home to the Gellar girls since 1959. Monica smiled and glanced up from her magazine at the apartment; not the same as it had always been, now that Chandler had moved in. Normally, such changes wouldn’t sit well with someone as high-maintenance as her; but just as Chandler had seemed to fall perfectly into her arms in London, the changes he brought to her home seemed to flow perfectly into her heart. They’d had a few minor skirmishes along the way, and there was the hideous leather Barker Lounger she’d made space for in her increasingly eclectic living room. But on the whole, his arrival had seemed easier than she thought possible.

She hated that Barker Lounger 22 hours a day, but there was a small period each afternoon when she took a seat in the beastly contraption in order to enjoy her little secret ritual. This deeply personal game was easier to hide now that all of her friends were gainfully employed with day jobs while she worked evenings as a head chef at Alisandro’s. There’d been times when she was the lunch chef at that wretched little 50s themed diner or when her old roommate Rachel worked only in the mornings or evenings at Central Perk and her apartment was constantly filled with her friends – especially Phoebe and Joey, who’d had trouble staying employed.

In those days, it was a challenge to test her will power at all, and when she did, she was always gambling on being noticed and having to give up prematurely and make a trip to the bathroom. All great athletes thirst for the fire of competition – some men pound weights so they can hit a small white ball hundreds of feet, others fight for goofy trophies in colorful helmets and bulky body armor, but Monica’s was the purest competition of all. It was her against herself – her favorite kind of battle – and better yet, it was her against an irresistible force of nature. Like she did every afternoon at three, Monica badly needed to pee.

Through the many years she’d been playing this little game and keeping score in oh so many ways, she’d never been found out. There’d been a few close calls. She’d gambled once while the friends were gathered to watch ‘Days of Our Lives’, only to find out that Joey had been killed off and the group had to dash over to his apartment to console him, leaving her no time to pee and on the verge of a spectacular accident outside his locked apartment door. In her college years, she always waited as long as she could stand it at parties, and had even wet her panties once, but she hid the evidence in a really old bean bag chair and if anyone noticed, it never got back to her.

And in high school, where this all began, all eyes were on the beautiful people – girls like Rachel – and not on poor Monica, who, at the time, was more than a bit rotund. She’d learned to love challenging her bladder during long, dull afternoons in math and history classes. The bathrooms at Lincoln High were always filthy and there was no way she was ever going to sit on one of those toilets, so she always held it until she got home, at first out of necessity, but eventually, it became her favorite part of the day.

The throbbing, tingling sensation between her legs reminded her why she loved this game so much. She could feel her parts growing damp as the tantalizing pressure increased in her pelvis. She knew the stages so intimately after ten years of mastering her technique and pushing the envelope when she really wanted a challenge.

First, she’d feel that gentle pressure as her body registered a need, then there’d be a brief period where it felt like she was going to explode if she didn’t go immediately – she’d have to fidget in her seat and cross her legs for a little while until her body got the message: “I’m in control here, not you!” Then, for a good hour, the urges from her bladder would become steadier and easier to ignore – just a dull ache and the occasional little wave of tingling that made her heart skip a beat. If she went on ignoring it for long enough, she’d feel her insides heating up, as though someone had lit a fire between her hips, and her pulse would quicken with each wave of ever-increasing urgency. Her sphincter would begin to burn and she’d start sweating just a little around her forehead and underarms.

Generally speaking, she’d go on holding her pee until it reached a point where she couldn’t relax even a tiny bit between desperate pulses of her distended bladder and she felt her muscles begin to tremor at the strain of keeping all that gold locked up. Then she’d get up from the Barker Lounger – no sense gambling on her grandmother’s antique couch. If something went wrong, the Barker Lounger would have to go…and wouldn’t that be a shame! If she was alone, she’d run for the toilet grabbing her crotch as she went – not so much to stem the flow as to feel the fabric of her panties grinding against her throbbing lips as she hobbled.

With company, she prided herself on quite demurely and calmly walking to the bathroom while inside, she was dying for release. And oh that release…it was always glorious, and if no one could hear her, she’d let herself moan and pant like a dog in heat until the flow slowed to a trickle. Oh the fun she’d had all those years. Oh the fun she was going to have today.

She’d decided to test her abilities a bit more than usual. Generally, these days, she’d have two of those giant mugs of coffee at Central Perk while eating lunch with the gang, then head upstairs and chase the coffee with one or two glasses of water and settle in for the ride. Today, however, she had her usual coffee plus a diet coke at lunch (this time at Café Maurice, since she was entertaining the troops from Alisandro’s in an attempt to make peace with the staff) and two bottles of water between Brooklyn and her living room. That was a lot of fluid for such a small person, and she was determined to make it all the way to 4 PM like she always did. If she couldn’t even control her own bladder, what could she control?

Speaking of controlling herself, she was forced to press her crossed legs more tightly together and her hand balled involuntarily into a white-knuckled fist for a moment as she tried to concentrate on her People Magazine. Who did that article say was dating Angelina Jolie? Sean Penn or Penn and Teller? She laughed at that thought…and at the realization that she’d been ‘reading’ for at least the last twenty minutes and couldn’t remember a word of it. Perhaps that was a bad sign. She didn’t usually lose her focus until at least 3:30, and it was hardly 3:10 yet. “Oh boy…” she suddenly said through clenched teeth as another pulse hit her. “Not yet!” she hissed at herself as she caught her breath. It was game on, now!

Why had she chosen skinny jeans today? They made her look svelte and athletic, but she knew she wanted a good challenge. “Well, gonna have to unbutton,” she thought to herself as her fingers battled the tight little button atop the waistband of her designer jeans. When it finally came loose she sharply inhaled and let it go with a satisfied puff through pursed lips.

“Oh yeah,” she whispered. “Thank God.” The pressure eased off for a moment and she turned her attention back to her magazine in a futile effort to keep her mind off her bladder. “Billy Bob Thornton! Where’d I get Sean Penn from?” she chuckled out loud. “Oh…that ad for ‘Up at the Villa’,” she concluded with a nod. She felt a twinge in her bladder, just enough to make her hold her breath to stop from laughing. “Gotta pee, gotta pee, gotta pee,” she chanted for a bit while her insides quivered and her pee hole burned…without even thinking about it, she ran her hand rapid fire over her crotch as though she were trying to start a fire there and frantically bobbed her top leg a few times before the pain subsided. “Oooh…” she grunted, as if to punctuate that spasm.

It was happening way faster than she’d intended. There was no way she was going to make it to four at this rate. “No, damn it! I am not a quitter!” she scolded herself, a bit more loudly than she’d intended. But sitting down wasn’t helping, so she got up and paced uncomfortably around her coffee table. “Thank God Ugly Naked Guy doesn’t still live across the street,” she murmured. “And thank God Ross isn’t still on sabbatical!” With the apartment across the way empty, there was no one to see her desperate battle.

She was fast approaching the point where she would normally give in and head for the bathroom – there were no steps in her playbook beyond this point. She had no idea what would happen if she tried to last another fifty minutes. But one thing was for sure, the thought of that bathroom was a mistake. She quickly stopped her pacing and doubled over, clamping down on her groin with both hands and both thighs. “That was different,” she said to no one in particular. The burning and throbbing she knew was slowly being replaced by a strange new electric storm in her nether regions; this despite the undeniable pain above. “Oh lord…oh God…” she grunted as another shock-wave stiffened her legs.

“I really can’t do this,” she said as the urgency diminished for a few precious seconds. Just as she made a beeline for the bathroom, however, her phone rang – the noise startling her just enough to redouble her agony. “Shit!” she growled. “This better be quick.” She extracted the cordless phone from the base unit by her couch and answered.

“Hello.” The voice on the other end was her mother’s, and her heart sank. “Hi Mom, can I call you right back? I was just in the middle of…” but it was one of those calls. Her mother could not be stopped when she launched into a speech, and this…was definitely a speech. “Mom…Mom…MOM!” A brief moment of silence ensued, followed by an annoyed tone. She felt a bead of sweat forming just left of her left eye and rolling down along her hairline as she stood stock still, every inch of her body shaking with the strain of holding back the flood.

“Mom…I’m sorry. I’m not trying to be rude, you just caught me at a bad time! I swear, I’ll call you right back in five minutes and you can go right on yelling at me.” Ever since her parents had found out about Chandler, they weren’t terribly thrilled with her. They didn’t dislike him, exactly – not since Thanksgiving anyway; they just didn’t think he’d ever propose to her. This was one of those moments where Judy felt like ranting about how Monica needed to get more serious and date someone who was more commitment minded. As if she needed her mother’s opinion on the matter! Yep…she was still talking and Monica wasn’t hearing any of the words at this point. “Mom, please…I just need to do something really quick…”

It was like talking to a wall. While trying not to explode! She’d broken into a full on sweat now, beads dripping from between raven black strands of hair and making her armpits damp. Squatting was her last refuge – there was no trick left to help stave off disaster that she could imagine. All of her might went into squeezing herself shut, the phone barely pinned between her shoulder and her cheek. And on and on, her mother droned. Monica thought she recognized the all too familiar warning, “You’re not getting any younger.” But otherwise, this might as well have been the horn from peanuts. “Wah wah wah…waaahhh.”

“Mom…pleeeease…just…ooh…I can’t…” she sucked in her breath and held it for a few more seconds, but somehow, as a tiny trickle of pee slipped through her swollen lips, she knew that when she dared let that breath go, she was done for. With her last ounce of strength, stopped that little leak and let the phone fall from her shoulder – her mother would have to go on talking to thin air. As she exhaled, a deep moan forced its way out of her. “Oh goooodddddddd…” and the dam broke with a furious hiss that instantly darkened her form-fitting jeans and rushed down her thighs. She tried to stand and race for the bathroom, but the exhaustion of holding for so long made her legs shaky and she fell off to the left, the impact quickening the flow of hot pee into her pants. Like a woman possessed, she gave up trying for the bathroom, threw her head back and moaned for joy at the immense relief of fully relaxing and letting it go. “Oooohhh yess…yesss…oh…oh lord…”

Her unthinking hand reached under the waistband of her jeans and found its way to her sopping wet womanhood, instinctively stroking every crevice even as pee rushed through her fingers and pooled under her butt on the hardwood floor. Somewhere, distantly, over the rush of her heart beating monstrously in her ears, she could still hear her mother’s voice nagging her cluelessly through the phone. And for the first time since she was old enough to understand, she didn’t care.

Her flow became a trickle, then a few quick squirts as she pushed to empty her bladder fully, and then it was over. And then her fingers moved more quickly, probing and searching for another kind of release. Oblivious to the footsteps in the hall, she groaned again and stroked her much flatter stomach with her free hand as she grew ever closer to orgasm.

“Hey, Monica, can I borrow your OH MY GOD!!” The world froze and Monica’s mind – gone for the last ten minutes – lurched back into place between her ears. “Oh my!” the voice said suggestively. Terror was all she could fathom.

*002*2013-01-29 22:22

{{:

Very good start, can't wait to see what happens next!

BTW, what were your Frasier, House, Battlestar Galactica, House, Star Trek, Stargate and Boston Public fics like?

}}

Let's see...

The Boston Public story I wrote was called "Lockdown" - someone calls in a bomb threat and the entire school is locked down in the middle of first period. I jump around from classroom to classroom detailed the events as people start dealing with bathroom needs in a variety of ways...the threat is completely bogus (it turns out) but they have to thoroughly search the grounds...when they finally let everyone go, there is a mob at the bathrooms and multiple accidents ensue.

I had three different Trek fics (I'm a significant Trekker...though my favorite canon is DS9...which is not the usual choice at conventions)...a novel-length work in progress that I didn't quite finish but was well into back in the day (I have to see if I can find that one...there were some good elements in it) in the Voyager canon - the ship is in desperate need of a new trading partner - energy supplies are depleted to critical levels and they're running out of food stores.

They come upon an alien race who defeated a crippling dermatological plague with their urine and have since made wetting into a sort of cultural requirement. But they have technology and supplies that they might be willing to trade Voyager if their senior officers jump through some diplomatic hoops - they need to basically learn to accept and be comfortable with wetting, as the race is empathic and will react negatively to people being disgusted by it. I grant the idea was contrived at best, but it led to a whole parade of good scene ideas that I was having a lot of fun writing.

Another story involved Ezri Dax (DS9) learning how to "hug a tree" to pee on an away mission after being caught desperate by Kira (and made fun of slightly). That was a vignette...nothing fancy. :)

Another was DS9 drabble involving Jadzia Dax in a very experimental bit of romance with Bashir. ;)

The only Stargate fic I wrote that included Omo was mostly vanilla but included one scene where Sam got in a little argument with O'Neill while they were imprisoned by the Goa'uld Nirti because she really had to pee and there was no privacy in the cell - he promised to look away and then peaked when she was trying to go in a corner...I was going for comedy with that one. :)

The BSG fics I wrote tended to be very short...I was just noodling with the grittiness of the show - they seemed more willing to deal with real humanity in that franchise, though I stopped enjoying it after Baltar's trial because no one was likable anymore. :) But I have a few little scenes with Gaius's fantasy Six being extremely kinky and mocking him in his own head while humiliating him in various ways. I didn't write that one because I preferred that type of fantasy...it just seemed to fit Baltar's character. I also did something with Hilo and Capirca-Boomer where Hilo didn't want to admit that he liked keeping watch while Boomer peed. Both were quite short...no idea where they went.

I've never been able to finish a full House fic because I want to get the medicine right and that takes time to research... lol...but I had ideas and snippets involving House's vicodin addiction and its side effects, Cameron trying to overcome a weak bladder (set in the first season) during long procedures and House and Chase mocking her for it, etc.

I don't actually recall much about Frasier fics...I know I did something with Niles and Daphne, but I don't still have any notes...I think it was one of those Niles and Daphne trapped alone and Niles trying not to give in to temptation with Daphne getting desperate and making him excited. Wish I remembered more about that one...

I've done some vanilla stuff with the omo too...not that that is relevant to this thread. :D Just saying I haven't only written erotica... lol

*004*2013-01-30 01:39

Heh...

In order:

Everybody Loves Raymond - Yes (someday, perhaps!)

King of Queens - I've seen it enough that I could, but I never really got motivated to do it

Law and Order - Not really...but perhaps CSI........(I never really could picture the Law and Order regulars in a situation like that)

George Lopez - I can honestly say..the three times I saw the show...I didn't find it funny enough to keep watching...I won't judge the whole thing...I can think of many unfunny episodes of Raymond and Friends so...I might have been unlucky

How I Met Your Mother - I really need to watch that one more...the mother is very cute. :)

*005*2013-01-30 04:04

The muse was still with me...so I'll continue on with chapter two:

Chapter 2) Trying Anything Once

Phoebe stood in the doorway to Monica’s apartment watching in disbelief as Monica gingerly slipped a trembling hand out from under the waistband of her unbuttoned and thoroughly soaked pants. Although she’d always been in relationships with men, she had to admit that, on a few occasions, women had inspired a wilder side of her that was hard to explain. But standing over Monica in this compromising pose made her swallow hard and clear her throat. Monica, meanwhile, picked herself and the phone up off the floor, wobbling to a standing posture, sweat dripping from her hair and her face red as a maple leaf in fall. “Mom…I’ll call you later,” she croaked, and then hung up on her mother without another word.

“I had no idea…” Phoebe started, but Monica was quick to interrupt and go on the defensive.

“What are you doing here? Don’t you ever knock?!”

“Rachel broke our phone...OK I broke it, but it was totally her fault, she counted to ten too fast!”

“What?” Monica barked. She was legitimately confused, but was hoping to use this tangent to buy herself time to think of an explanation. “Oh God,” she thought. “How can I possibly explain this?”

“For tag! She was giving me a head start, but the phone rang and I dropped it!”

“Again…what??” Monica answered blankly, still flushed with embarrassment and unspent sexual energy and still desperately trying to come up with a plausible explanation for how she came to be in this state.

“Never mind…sorry…I just wanted to borrow your phone to check my messages and…I hardly think that’s the point right now,” she smirked. “So…what exactly were ya doin’ there, Mon?”

“It’s not how it looks!” (oh God…what now??) “I was reading and I got up to go and then the phone and my Mom just would not shut up and I couldn’t hold it anymore and what business is it of yours anyway!” She got squeakier and squeakier as she babbled her way through the humiliation. By the end, she was starting to hyperventilate. “Oh God! The one time this happens and you had to walk in!”

“Monica…Monica…MON! Relax, please. Breathe! It’s oh-kay.” Phoebe reached out and grabbed Monica by the shoulders to rope her in a bit. A tear formed in the corner of Monica’s eye as she tried to take deeper breaths. “I won’t tell, I promise.”

“Really? You mean that?”

“I swear on my Grandma’s ashes…which…where did I put those, anyway?” Her random trail of thoughts was interrupted by Monica hugging her without thinking. She pulled back instinctively to avoid getting her skirt wet. “Whoa…remember?” she asked, waving her hand toward Monica’s still dripping pants.

“Sorry,” she muttered, breathing a bit easier. “I’ll just go wash up. Maybe you ought to go over to Joey’s to check your machine. It’s a mess in here.”

“You’re not kidding!” Phoebe echoed, scanning the massive puddle on the floor behind the couch. “How bad did you have to pee, anyway? I don’t think I’ve ever gone that much.” The last line she called out more loudly as Monica turned and disappeared into her bedroom, still shaking a bit as she walked unsteadily out of sight.

“You have no idea!” Monica called back through the closed door. “I don’t know how it got so bad!” The distinct smell of pee was beginning to fill the living room as Phoebe curiously approached the scene of the crime.

Her next question would have to be creatively worded, she thought, or Monica would probably clam up and she’d never know what was really going on in here when she arrived. “Oh my God, that must have felt so good to get all of that out of you!” The door burst open and Monica emerged, wrapped in towels and holding some bath salts. The expression on her face was an odd mixture of anger and guilt.

“What are you talking about? It was horrible.”

“I know, I know…but still, when you’ve got to go, you’ve got to go, am I right?”

“You know what? I need to have this place – and myself – cleaned up before I go to work and Chandler gets home, so why don’t you just scoot on over to Joey’s apartment and get out of my way, OK? OK!” She grabbed Phoebe by the arm and yanked her over to the door. A quick flip of her wrist and Phoebe was back in the hall and the door slammed shut.

“Well done, Phoebes. Excellent detective work.” She pouted at the door and then turned to the door on the opposite side of the hall, knocking twice. Joey appeared a second later, and just as he was about to speak, Monica opened her door a crack and peered outside.

“Oh and Phoebe – I hope, for your sake, that you keep your promises.” The door snapped shut again.

“What was that about?” Joey asked. Some tiny part of Phoebe wanted to rat her out, but she thought better of it.

“That time of the month, I guess.” Joey put both hands up as if she’d pointed a gun at his chest.

“Whoa! Say no more. Please.”

###

By the time Phoebe returned home from playing a set at Central Perk that evening, she’d replayed the events of the afternoon a dozen times in her head. She found herself fascinated by the entire experience – the look of raw passion in Monica’s eyes when she’d arrived, the over the top emotions, the smell, the denials. It all seemed to paint a picture of something big that Monica didn’t want to admit. And here’s the thing. Phoebe didn’t like missing out on all the fun.

Her mind was racing as she turned the key in the lock and stepped into her apartment. “Rach! Rachel! You home?” There was no answer, meaning Rachel must still be out on her date – Kenneth, Phoebe thought. He seemed like a real bore when she’d met him, but hey, Rachel was still out, so he couldn’t be all bad. And this meant that the apartment was clear. Thanking her lucky stars, she kicked off her floppy shoes and plucked a couple of her extraneous rings off of her fingers. “Well well…time to see what all the fuss was about.”

She popped into her bedroom for a moment and dropped her scarf, shawl and purse on the chair by her mirror. Having just leaked into January, it was freezing outside, so she was in winter weight stockings, a long skirt and a cute little sweater she’d nipped from Rachel’s closet that was a perfect match. But now that she was home and warm, she pulled the sweater and undershirt over her head and hocked them into her clothes hamper in one tangled ball, then got to work slipping off her skirt and shimmying her way out of her stockings.

They too found their way to the hamper and her bra wasn’t far behind. Normally, this would be “naked alone time” and she’d take her panties off before ducking into the bathroom, but not today. Today she had other ideas – ideas that were making her more than a bit giddy. After all, it wasn’t often that she found a new way to spice up her fantasy life these days. Whenever she learned a new trick, she tried it at least once to see if it worked for her and she’d thought she was running out of new tricks to learn.

That look on Monica’s face – the only other time she’d seen Monica so hungry, she was across the street at Ross’s place and trying to keep him from noticing Chandler and Monica doing it in the living room. This had to be good! She ran her hands over her bare chest for a moment, lighting a fire within so that she might properly enjoy what she was about to try. Just the thought of breaking such a basic rule was magnetic – it reminded her of their sojourn to Montawk, the one and only time she’d ever peed anywhere but a toilet since she was potty trained.

They’d all gone out for a swim. Bald-headed Bonnie, Monica, Chandler and Ross were out enjoying the waves and generally growing down, complete with splash fights and other pranks. Phoebe was relaxing in a backstroke and letting the currents carry her for a bit when she realized she needed to pee. They were over a mile from the house and she didn’t want to get out of the water yet, so she’d done the practical thing and flipped upright to submerge her suit before peeing right through it under the water. Just as she started to let go, Bonnie swam over to talk to her about Ross and she couldn’t get the pee to stop. So for a good half a minute, she tried to act naturally while her suit filled with warmth below the waves, and somehow she was overcome by this strange rush – she was peeing a scant few feet from a friend and no one was the wiser. Her frustrating encounters with her birth mother had made her forget all about that little moment, but it all came back to her now.

“Showtime,” she whispered with a bit of a giggle and an inexplicable little squeak. She darted out of her room and into the bathroom, closing the door behind her with a louder bang than she’d intended. She didn’t want Rachel to find any evidence of her little experiment, so, for now, she decided she would just sit on the toilet and pee, but without taking down her panties first. When she sat down, she drew in a breath and waited – nothing happened.

“This could be a problem,” she mouthed, almost inaudibly. She stared down at her little baby pink lacy bikini cut number and willed it to show that telltale stain, but she just couldn’t relax her insides enough to let it all melt out of her. And it’s not as though there were nothing there. She’d intentionally put off peeing all through her set so that she’d be full enough to get a reasonable idea of what it must have felt like for Monica to lose control and flood those jeans so totally. But try as she might, nothing would come. She stood up again and glanced around the bathroom for anything that might help her reach a more relaxed state. Candles were the ticket! Her scents would help her do a bit of meditating and she’d be wetting those panties in no time.

She shuffled quickly across the apartment to the kitchen to find a match and returned to the safety of the bathroom in a flash (no pun intended!). A moment later, her lavender and vanilla candles were burning and the room was filling with a tempting aroma. She ran her fingers gently through her blonde hair and over her thighs and stomach, listening to the sound of her breath. Soon enough, she’d found her happy place, complete with ‘plinky plunky’ music, babbling brooks, gorgeous trickling fountains and warm summer showers. She could feel the soothing breath of a breeze on her neck and the fall of rain on her skin…though it soon seemed to be falling exclusively on her womanhood. With a start, she came out of her trance and realized she’d succeeded.

“Oh…oh! I’m peeing!” she said with a wide grin. It ran, very slowly at first but soon at a full rush, through her panties and tinkled into the bowl, sending little fingers of tingly pleasure through her from the pelvis to the tips of her toes. It was nice – kind of like gentle foreplay from the impish hands of a gentleman. But something seemed oddly missing. When she’d seen Monica, even her own pulse had quickened – she couldn’t imagine what it must have been like for Monica, but that look in her eyes suggested it was something grander than this. This was pleasant…relaxing…she could well imagine doing it again if the mood struck her, and it was enough of a thrill that she noticed, only belatedly, that she was gently stroking herself through the wet lace entirely on instinct. But it hardly reached the burning “gotta have it now!” impulse she felt with David the ‘scientist guy’ or Ryan, her sailor friend.

Her flow had long subsided by the time she was satisfied with this first experiment. She slid her panties down, still seated on the throne, and dropped them on the edge of the tub for a moment, then gave herself a furtive wipe with toilet paper and flushed as she stood to leave. The silence remained unbroken outside, so she figured it was safe to make a mad dash to her bedroom, reclaimed her soaking wet panties and disappeared into her room.

Once inside, she held up the evidence in front of her mirror and examined it. It made her just a little giddier to see the wet patch from multiple angles. “I wet myself…on purpose!” she huskily intoned. The act of saying what she’d done get her heart beating faster. “Oh my…what have I done? They’re filthy!” It dawned on her as her breath quickened that this was the key. “Grown women shouldn’t do that. This is very bad…” No more words were necessary. She sunk into her bed, still holding her panties, and reached for those most sensitive places. Within seconds, she was drifting off in an ocean of electricity and heat, the panties held in front of her face in one hand, her sanity held in the other. Her mind dropped away and she let herself go – and the only thing she remembered when she woke the next morning was that salty smell and that incendiary phrase. “That was very bad…”

*008*2013-01-30 22:22

Thanks Abbyzelda. :D. I will probably get part three up late tonight...having fun writing this one.
