Emily's Anniversary of an Accident

Author: RosaE836

*000*2015-12-25 05:56

Emily’s Anniversary of an Accident

Emily smiled gleefully as she awoke. While she hadn’t been much of a fan of Christmas last year (or the years prior, to be honest), Emily had been warming up to it.

Well, actually, as much as she was reluctant to admit it, it really wasn’t the holiday itself she was warming up to, it was actually more so her sister. Lilly, a girl that had been a thorn in Emily’s side (and still partly was) had become closer to her over the year. They had been chatting a little more, spending more time together, and, while previously it seemed impossible, they were actually friendly to each other. That in itself was a big enough feat, but sadly, the friendliness had been waning as the months ticked by. By Halloween, Lilly was getting a more and more quiet, and by Thanksgiving, she was more distant than she had ever been.

In fact, such thoughts may be the reason why Emily somehow forgot to get a present this year. Now, with roles virtually reversed, Emily had no idea what to do. In fact, their parents, after having a short breakfast with them, said they had to drive to a relative’s house, and that Emily was in charge while they were away for the day. While rather sudden, it gave Emily the perfect chance to talk with Lilly, although her hopes were virtually dashed aside the moment she her the doorbell ring.

“Ah! It’s Sarah!” Lilly cried out, running past Emily.

“Lilly, didn’t you hear mom and dad? No friends over unless you ask me first!”

“W-well, can she come over now?”

Letting out a gentle, lighthearted sigh, she nodded. “Sure, she’s over right now anyways, may as well not send her back home.” Emily approached the front door, greeting the small girl that had arrived. While Emily wore her rather tomboyish attire of a bland mismatch of long pants and a long-sleeved shirt, Sarah was wearing a long, thick, red skirt with a red sweater, along with a white scarf and coat. Her pink mittens, while a little off, fit well with the blend of the two colors, and besides, they complimented Lilly’s attire, which was more or less a violet version of Sarah’s clothes. Emily shook her head. While her personal dislike for skirts wasn’t something that she really took mind of, and she knew that the two girls wouldn’t get cold with such thick clothing, the fact that even the brands of clothing matched made Emily wonder if the two thought they were wearing the latest fashion.

“So,” Sarah said, her joy already filling her lungs, “let’s have a snowball fight! There’s still plenty of snow from yesterday!” Lilly looked back at Emily, her eyes begging her to go outside. Both girls knew their parents still didn’t trust her outside without her older sibling, so it was only natural that Emily would be required to join them.

“Fine, let’s go outside, just let me get dressed first.” As she was saying that, Emily was slipping her coat on over her arms. She wasn’t too willing to go upstairs and get a second pair of pants to stay warm, especially after her forgetfulness from last year.

They all had agreed to have a snowball fight, and Emily being the oldest, she was against Lilly and Sarah. Two respective snow forts were built, each just below the height of their shoulders when standing, with Emily’s more of her size and Lilly and Sarah’s more of their size. The girls were quick to build their own stockpiles of snowballs before snowballs started sailing over the walls of each fort, a few hitting the faces of the three girls. They were all having a fun time, rapidly producing and hurling the frozen projectiles, blowing up in a powdery explosions.

Soon enough, Emily started to notice a change in her sister. While she certainly seemed more energetic around Emily than she had ever been these last few months, something else seemed… off. After throwing with a little too much effort and almost falling forward, her eyes grew wide as her mittens buried themselves into her tight skirt. Lilly took notice and said something in return, but Emily couldn’t hear what the two were talking about as she was too far away to hear. Her worry, and part of her curiosity as well, made her move closer to see what was wrong. Lilly’s cheeks seemed unusually red, even for the chilly air that was blowing across all of their faces.

“…said I can hold it, can’t you too?” Lilly muttered to Sarah, Emily able to pick up the last few words. Her eyes trailed up to her sister as her mouth shut tightly. Sarah, noticing her friend’s silence and Emily’s concerned look, quickly spoke up.

“U-um, I think it’s about time we build a snowman!” Sarah shifted her weight, obviously just as nervous as Lilly was.

“Y-yeah, I-I-I also nee- want to build a snowman…” Lilly’s voice seemed to taper off a little, but Emily paid no mind, she was just happy her sister was having fun once again. The display earlier, however, still had Emily a little worried.

So, as they started rolling balls of snow on the ground to build them up, Emily leaned over to Lilly and whispered a small “Do you need to pee, Lilly?”

Lilly’s back straightened at this, and it was obvious that she was absolutely flustered. “N-no, I don’t have to pee, I just… hurt my leg earlier, and it was stinging from the pain.”

“Oh, really?”

“Yeah, really.”

~~~~~~~~

Not really, not in the slightest. Lilly, her own thoughts already on her overworked bladder, were definitely not worried about her “injured” leg, which required no worrying in the slightest. Her legs were shaking, and she was surprised Emily had bought such a lie when her hands trembling so much from desperation. In fact, she was surprised she hadn’t already wet herself earlier, her bladder had even leaked a few drops into panties then, and she highly doubted she would hold on for much longer.

However, the last thing she wanted was to give anyone an excuse to stay inside. That’s why, no matter how badly she had to pee, she wasn’t going to go inside.

…outside, on the other hand…

“H-hey, Sarah…” Lilly had approached her friend, who seemed to be holding on just a tad better than Lilly. “I umm… a-about needing to pee…”

“Y-you want to go inside?” Sarah’s strained voice shook, as if close to breaking from the effort of holding her pee for so long.

“N-no, I-I meant… w-we could always… ummm… p-p-pee outside…” Now Lilly’s entire body was trembling, scared of her friend’s response of doing such an unorthodox method when a much more cultured option was only a minute away.

Sarah looked to her feet, contemplating the idea for a moment before shaking her head in refusal. “N-no, I know you’ve been getting me the last few months to play that game with you, b-but girls don’t do that, it’s icky…”

Lilly didn’t mind how Sarah’s vocabulary was a little childish, even for her age, but the answer was still clear. “But Sarah, if we go inside, you tend to decide to stay inside, and I really want to play in the snow just a little bit longer. …Besides, you don’t look like you can hold it much longer.”

Sarah was silent. She knew she had a tendency to be rather lazy after doing any kind of work, but she wouldn’t ever want to do that in place of using an actual restroom. But, her bladder was still sending rather urgent signals, so she decided it was best to give it a try. “O-okay, b-but let’s at least go somewhere private first…”

The tried their best to get out of sight, but so many places were exposed. Finally, they realized something. Their snow fort from earlier was one of the least exposed areas in the entire backyard. “Here, if you want, we can both go at the same tim-“

“No! I-I’ll just… wait for you first, if that’s okay…”

Lilly shrugged, hiking up her skirt and squatting down. She didn’t even have a chance to pull her panties down, as her legs being exposed to the cold air made her start peeing almost instantly. She tried her best to keep pee from landing on her shoes, but the steaming, hot pee was still somewhat getting on her legs. When she decided to try and take her panties of anyways, it was worse, as it practically started spraying over her legs. However, melting yellow snow and obvious small steam cloud aside, the relief was just too good, and the warm pee on her legs helped warm her up as well.

Sarah, however, couldn’t feel the relief, and no matter how much she tried to cover her ears, she could still hear the sound of gushing urine, and it all but helped her need to pee. She started to feel a trickle of warm liquid running down her leg, and while she was now more than ever tempted to yank down her panties and pee next to Lilly, her hands shot down to her skirt to stem the flow, and they remained there, unable to move without flooding herself.

The sighing girl beside her only made her need worse and worse, and as her hand pushed harder and harder, all that came in reply was a faster and faster stream, until the floodgates open all at once, the front of her skirt turning a dark, dark red despite her best efforts. A similar cloud of steam and melting yellow snow formed below her, but her face was absolutely scarlet in the shame of having wet herself involuntarily. Sarah sniffed as she was unable to keep the tears from falling down her cheeks, and her pee soaked mittens were inches away from her face, trying to cover her cheeks without getting pee on them.

Of course, it was about that time that Emily showed up. “What are you girls do-” She cut herself off as her eyes took in the whole scene. Lilly quickly dropped down her skirt and tried smoothing it out while Sarah tried her best to hide her obvious accident.

“L-Lilly wanted to pee outside, a-and so I was going to as well, b-but I couldn’t hold it, a-and she didn’t want to pee anywhere else, a-and…” Sarah was babbling nonstop, trying to find some way to explain it to Emily without having her think it was her idea to wet herself.

Lilly scuffed her shoe in the melted snow, eyes cast to the ground. “I-I… um… since last year, I’ve kinda… grown to enjoy needing to pee and stuff like that. I-I wanted to tell you and all, Emily, b-but I was afraid you may think I’m a creep and all, a-an-“

“Lilly…” Emily interrupted, crouching down beside the girl, a reassuring smile on her face. “I’m your sister, I’m the last person to judge you, and anything that’ll make you happy will make me happy. Besides…” Emily winked at Lilly. “I forgot to give you a Christmas present as well, and agreeing to help you enjoy those feelings even more will be my gift to you.”

*003*2015-12-25 16:42

{{: 

That was very good =)

}}

Thank you, I'm glad people are enjoying it!

{{: 

It was a nice a well written story nice to see those two characters used once more.

}}

Thanks, I appreciate it!

