All Day at Hexside (The Owl House)

Author: Golden Guard

*000*2024-01-10 02:30

AO3 Summary: After Boscha discovers that Willow used to be a bed wetter, Amity makes a bold agreement with Boscha to ensure that she will never be able to tell anyone about such an embarrassing tale.

Chapter 1: A Trip Down Memory Lane "Hecate," Azura began, "I doth wisheth to aid thee with thine predicament, but I cannot offer it if thou refuseth all of mine queries of it." Luz looked over at Amity and realized that she's been awfully silent ever since they arrived at her hideout in the library after school today. Luz put the book down.

"Hey Amity, are you alright?" Luz asked.

Amity sighed. "No," she replied.

"Do you wanna talk about it? I won't judge," Luz added.

"...It's Boscha," Amity responded.

"*GASP* What did she do to you?!" Luz demanded, while putting her fists up, demonstrating that she was ready to fight Boscha for hurting Amity. Luz has been bullied countless of times in school back on Earth, so she's learned to just shrug it off and ignore bullies. But she couldn't bare the thought of one of her new friends getting bullied and was ready to step in and show Boscha that she wouldn't let her mess with her friends.

Amity laughed. Lately, Luz's dramatic gestures were very endearing to her. Amity replied, "It's complicated, and a long story..." She grabbed Luz's arm to lower them to signal that it was ok to let her guard down now. She patted the beanbag next to her, motioning for Luz to sit beside her. Then, Amity said, "It started in Photo Memory class today..."

- Earlier today -

Amity wasn't looking forward to this class. After all, it was just yesterday that she almost burned all of Willow's memories and required Luz's help to fix the damage. On top of all that, she really didn't want Boscha of all people to learn about her crush on-

"Oh hey, what do we have here?" Boscha asked, as she pulled out a picture from Amity's ear. "This better be some pipping hot tea, I'm tired of seeing pictures of your boring family life." Boscha added.

The picture developed shortly after and it depicted a younger Amity giving a young, crying Willow some fresh new clothes after she wet the bed.

Boscha couldn't contain her laughter and exclaimed, "No way, Willow was a bedw-" Amity slapped her hand onto Boscha's mouth to cover it. She gave her a stern look and whispered, "Not another word while we're in class."

Boscha rolled her eyes and stated, "You're getting soft Blight." Then, Boscha raised her hand and said, "Ms. Teacher, Amity and I are experiencing some bad cramps, can we go to the bathroom?"

The teacher rolled her eyes at what was clearly a lie. Boscha didn't even try acting like she had cramps this time. But it's much easier to say yes to Boscha than it was to argue with her and also her parents later. So the teacher just handed the two girls a hall pass. "Just don't disappear for the rest of class like last time," the teacher responded.

Boscha motioned for Amity to follow and Amity knew that she didn't have much of a choice if she still wanted to have some control over the information that Boscha now possessed about Willow, so she followed her to the bathroom.

Once they were in the privacy of the girls' bathroom, Boscha started laughing again. "I can't believe Willow was a bedwetter," Boscha said. "Amity, you know I have to tell everyone now."

Amity remembered the promise she made to Willow yesterday. She was finally no longer on bad terms with her, so she couldn't let Boscha ruin this rekindling friendship for her. Not to mention the possibility of losing Luz as a friend if she allowed Boscha to bully one of her best friends to this degree. "No you don't. Why do you pick on Willow so much anyways!?" Amity asked with her arms crossed.

"Because she's half a witch and needs to know her place. She's not even strong enough to control her bladder." Boscha stated.

"That happened when we were 7. It's not like you didn't have any potty training problems when you were younger." Amity replied.

"Of course I didn't, potty problems only affect plebs like Willow." Boscha stated.

Amity was at her wits end. She knew that reasoning with Boscha wouldn't work, but it was always the first thing she tried. "Fine, what will it take for you to forget that you ever saw the photo?" Amity asked.

"Hmm, maybe if you're able to hold the pee that Willow couldn't, I'd be willing to forget it." Boscha replied with a smirk.

"What do you mean by that...?" Amity asked.

"Hold your pee for 24 hours, while drinking a regular intake of fluids the entire time. If you're able to get through that without an embarrassing accident, then I won't embarrass Willow." Boscha replied.

"That is such a strange request Boscha, why are you doing this?" Amity asked.

"Because, I want to be entertained. And if you're gonna deny me the pleasure of embarrassing Willow, then I want a chance at embarrassing you, 'Ms. softie'." Boscha replied with finger quotes.

"Sigh, why are you like this Boscha?! Ugh, fine, if it'll stop you from picking on Willow, then I'll do it." Amity begrudgingly replied.

- Back to the library in the present -

"... so, the last time I peed was 2pm today, and before we left school for the day, Boscha made sure I drank a full bottle of water before letting me leave to come to the library." Amity explained.

"Oh, that's why I couldn't find you after school today," Luz said.

Lately, Luz had been looking forward to Tuesdays after school each week cause it was when the Azura Book Club met up at the library. Even though there were only 2 members at the moment, herself and Amity, she enjoyed their weekly walks and hangouts at the library together.

"I can't let Boscha pick on Willow again, not after the promise I made to her yesterday," Amity stated.

"Amity, it's nice that you're doing this for Willow, but how do you even know if Boscha will even uphold her end of the deal?" Luz asked.

"Because, we shook over an Everlasting Oath." Amity replied.

END OF CHAPTER

A/N: This work was inspired by "All Day" by Satyr: https://www.omorashi.org/topic/56356-all-day/

. I highly recommend checking it out, it's such a great fic! Though it is quite long.

Normally, my stories get to the point very quickly. I've decided to make this one a slow burn (to follow a similar format as the one that inspired this one), so you're gonna have to be a bit patient with this story, but I promise that it gets really good. I will be uploading one chapter per week around the same time each week.

If you aren't patient and want early access to next week's chapter, there's good news, you can support me on Ko-Fi and get 1 week early access to this series as it comes out! (https://ko-fi.com/goldenguard

)

Remember to follow this post to receive notifications whenever I post a new chapter!

More Notes: There are so many tags that apply to this fic as a whole, but I don't wanna spoil future chapters, so imma purposefully exclude some tags for now... In fact, some of the tags I already used kinda spoil some events in future chapters, but I'll keep them in as "teaser tags".

I know some people really enjoy reading bed wetting fics. But I personally don't think I'm good at writing them (mostly cause I don't feel the same level of enjoyment reading a bed wetting fic as I do a pee desperation fic). So I just wanted to put this disclaimer that bed wetting is not the focus of this fic, so don't expect too much about it. Sorry to disappoint.

"All Day" by Satyr is my favourite omo fic of all time. Funny enough, that fic in itself was inspired by another series that came before it called "The All Day Girls" by Paul Tester, which was a story that didn't appeal to me as much. I can no longer find it on the web though. After my first few Lumity fics started getting hits, I decided I wanted to do a Lumity version of "All Day" (the Satyr version). This project has taken me about a year and a half to create, the earliest timestamp I can find for when I started this project is Jun 8, 2022 lol. At first, I wanted to publish this as a long one-shot fic, but then it got so long that even I found it hard to read the whole thing in one sitting. So I decided to break it into more manageable chapters.

*002*2024-01-10 18:28

{{6 hours ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

I like how now since the owl house has ended. We're getting more stories about most of the characters. But would it be possible for you to Write a story about eda I would love to read a story about her. It's just that there is like zero stories about eda

}}

I'm sorry to say this, but I just don't get big enough strokes of inspiration to write a good Omo fic about Eda. There are a few fics out there about Eda, it just takes a bit of digging to find em. But I can assure you that those authors do a better job of writing Eda omo than I do.

*006*2024-01-17 02:03

Chapter 2: The Everlasting Oath Summary: Amity recalls the details of the Everlasting Oath she made with Boscha.

- Flashback -

"Good, lets shake on it. Everlasting oath. If the spell detects intentional or significant peeing from you before 24 hours is up, then you will have broken your oath and I'll be able to post on Pensta about Willow being a bedwetter." Boscha stated.

"Wait, let me empty my bladder one last time first, otherwise I'd be holding for way more than 24 hours." Amity said.

"Fine by me, come out and shake on it when you're done." Boscha replied.

As Amity entered the stall, she reiterated, "And if I successfully hold my pee for 24 hours, you will never talk about Willow's incident with anyone, is that clear?" Amity demanded.

Boscha nodded, "Yeah yeah, just empty your bladder already so that we can do the oath."

"...Boscha, I can't pee while you're in the room." Amity stated. She had a very shy bladder.

"Alright fine, I'll wait outside. Come do the oath when you're done." Boscha replied.

- Present -

"Are you sure that will work?" Luz asked.

"The Everlasting Oath spell doesn't mess around, if I uphold my end of the deal, Boscha will be magically prevented from ever talking about Willow's incident." Amity replied.

"Wow, then it's a good thing you reversed the oath that would've prevented me from performing magic." Luz joked as she gently poked her left elbow into Amity's ribs.

Amity frowned and Luz noticed.

"Hey it's ok, I know you're a different person now, I meant it as a joke." Luz reassured.

"I still regret doing that though. If I didn't reverse the oath, you wouldn't be here with m-- today! Be here today, at Hexside today. If the spell was fully cast." Amity said. Her cheeks were slightly pink.

Luz smiled. Amity's been acting kinda strange lately and Luz finds it adorable. It's probably because she finally feels comfortable letting out this dorkier side of her in front of Luz. "Well, it's almost 5pm now. How are you feeling now?" Luz asked.

"I'm feeling a small urge to pee now. But it's not that bad yet. I could definitely hold it for several more hours, but until 2pm tomorrow? I'm doubtful I can hold it that long..." Amity said.

"Well hey, I'll be your moral support. I'll encourage you so that you can complete this challenge! Gasp I can be like your personal cheerleader!" Luz exclaimed.

Amity giggled at Luz's enthusiastic encouragement. "Thanks Luz, I'll probably need it." Amity said, with a bit more red in her cheeks this time.

The pair spent another hour at the library. With Amity's spirits lifted, it felt more like a regular Tuesday now where the two girls would read a few chapters of an Azura book, talk about some theories, and of course some shipping discussions ensued.

"... And Azura stepped in to help Hecate at her lowest point, even though they just recently became friends. It's so romantic!" Luz concluded.

Amity giggled. Luz was constantly moving around, doing dancing motions, and being her bubbly energetic self the entire time they were talking about Azura. Amity loved liked that about Luz.

Eventually, the girls started to share other details about their day. "...my parents are on a business trip. And Ed and Em are staying over at their friends' places for the night." Amity said.

"Aw, sounds like you're gonna be quite lonely tonight then," Luz replied. "King and Eda are also out for the night. Eda told me not to ask questions, but I know she's playing Hexes Hold Em with some friends," Luz said.

"Oh, so it sounds like we're both going to be quite lonely tonight then..." Amity replied.

Suddenly, Luz's face lit up. "I have an idea, how about we have a sleepover so that we're both a little less lonely tonight! Oh, and you can show me around your huge mansion! I've never been inside of a mansion before. Do you have one of those fountain thingies in some foyer that spray water..."

Amity blushed at the thought and she crossed her legs as she started to feel a bigger urge to pee for some reason. Sleeping with Luz, TONIGHT?! Amity thought.

She wasn't sure her lesbian heart was ready for this. "Um actually, I don't particularly like my house. I'd rather sleep in The Owl House tonight," Amity responded, possibly interrupting Luz, but she wasn't really paying attention.

That's such an odd response, why would I say that?! Amity thought to herself.

It wasn't even false. Amity has bad memories living inside of the Blight mansion. And even though she's only been to The Owl House once, it felt much more like a home to her. The inhabitants (mostly) were kind to her, it felt a lot more cozy. And most important of all, Luz was often there.

"That works with me as well! We already have extra sleeping bags and toiletries in the closet, so we can just head over there right now if you'd like!" Luz excitedly exclaimed.

To Amity's surprise, Luz grabbed her hand as they began to walk to The Owl House. She kept her head down, hoping that Luz wouldn't notice her red face, but she was smiling the entire time.

###

Hand in hand, they walked down the forest path that lead to The Owl House. As they approached The Owl House, Amity saw that inferno bird demon wiggle it's way over to them. "Oh hey Luz, I see you brought a guest over. Will she be staying for the night?" Hooty exclaimed in that annoyingly screechy voice.

"Hooty! I keep telling you to stop annoying my friends. And yes, she is staying over for the night," Luz replied.

"Gasp, can we play sleepover games together? I'll go get a bottle!" Hooty exclaimed.

Luz tensed up and spoke with an irritated voice, "Hooty, just leave us alone!"

"Oh I see, alright, I'll leave the two of you alone then. HOOT!" Hooty screeched.

Amity blushed at Hooty's implications, but Luz appeared oblivious to what Hooty was implying so she just went along with her into The Owl House.

As soon as Amity sat down on the couch, she felt really thirsty. "Luz, can I have a cup of water?" Amity asked in a very hoarse voice. Luz immediately rushed to the kitchen and filled a cup of water for Amity. The hoarseness in her voice worried her. Amity downed the cup of water within seconds and started to feel better. She crossed her legs.

"What happened? Are you alright? Why did you suddenly sound so dehydrated?" Luz badgered.

"It must be the everlasting oath," Amity replied. "Boscha wanted me to 'drink a regular intake of fluids the entire time', so this must be the spell's way of enforcing that." Amity stated.

"That witch! Isn't this challenging enough?! Why would Boscha do this to you?" Luz ranted.

"I don't know. I kinda have to pee already and drinking regularly will definitely make it worse," Amity said.

Luz frowned at the thought. She didn't like seeing her friend getting hurt like this. "Well hey, you must be hungry," Luz stated. Luz was getting quite hungry herself, after all, they've been at the Azura Book Club for such a long time. "How about I heat up some leftovers and we can eat? Help get your mind off your bladder for a while." Luz offered.

Amity nodded at the offer. But stayed on the couch with her legs squeezed together as Luz went into the kitchen to heat up the leftovers.

A few minutes later, Luz came back into the living room with a plate of Griffin eggs for herself and notdogs for Amity.

"Wanna watch something on the crystal ball while we eat?" Luz asked.

"Luz, everyone here calls it a CB, but yes, I'd like to watch something while we eat." Amity replied.

Luz proceeded to put on the holiday special of Azura and they ate their dinner while watching it. Throughout the show, Amity felt her bladder slowly fill up as the evening passed. She was worried that she wouldn't make it till 2pm tomorrow. She just crossed her legs and continued to eat her dinner.

Throughout the movie, she noticed that Luz couldn't stay still. She would rub her legs together and sway back and forth. Perhaps she just had more energy than usually today.

After dinner, Luz took care of the dishes and offered to lend some of her clothes to Amity so that she could shower and change into a fresh set of clothes for the evening. Amity refused for 3 reasons:

She normally showered in the morning

The thought of borrowing Luz's clothes froze up Amity's mind, she couldn't bare thinking about it and would rather not be placed in that awkward situation

Amity needed to pee, and showering was just gonna painfully remind her of that fact

After freezing for half a minute, Luz called her name 3 times and Amity decide to tell Luz reason number 1 to be polite.

Luz nodded. She dug through her closet and picked out her favourite set of pajamas. "Ok, I'll just quickly take a shower then. In the meantime, feel free to dig around my closet for pajamas. Here's an extra sleeping bag and make yourself at home!" Luz suggested.

As Luz left for the bathroom, Amity caught a glimpse of the pink underwear that she was carrying in her hands. Amity's brain froze for another few minutes as her imagination went a bit wild during Luz's shower. Amity felt intense feelings in her groin area. She knew that it wasn't all from needing to pee. She crossed her legs and reminded herself that she was in her friend's room. This was not the place to... relieve herself... And she definitely felt the need to relieve herself in more ways than one.

Eventually, she concluded that it would make sense to at least change into a set of pajamas since this was a sleepover. She browsed through Luz's closet and found a set of dark blue pajamas with weirdly shaped black traffic cones on them. She could smell a pleasant lemony scent as she put them on.

Shortly after, Luz came out of the shower wearing her Azura pajamas. Amity blushed at the sight of how cute Luz looked.

"Omgeeeeee, you look so cute in that witches hat pajama set!" Luz squealed.

Amity blushed even more. She lowered her head and tightly gripped the hem of her shirt. "Thanks Luz." she managed to reply.

"Do you wanna finish the other Azura holiday special before bed?" Luz asked.

"Sure!" Amity replied.

They sat next to each other on their respective sleeping bags and watched the rest of the movie. During the movie, Amity kept her legs squeezed together. She began to feel like she had to pee badly. She took a few sips of water to ensure the dehydration curse didn't come back to bite her. She crossed her legs when the liquid entered her throat.

Throughout the movie, Amity noticed that Luz took sips of water around the same time that she did. She was also a lot more fidgety than usual. She was moving her legs around, crossing them and even rocking back and forth. "Luz, do you need to pee too?" Amity asked.

Amity swore she saw a faint hint of red on her cheeks as Luz replied "Yeah, I decided that I would hold my pee in solidarity with you. I haven't peed since lunch. But I've also been drinking a lot less."

Amity blushed at this. "Luz, you don't have to do this for me. Boscha only cursed me with the everlasting oath and it's my fault that she has that secret about Willow." Amity stated

"But it's not your fault!" Luz objected. "She just happened to pull out that memory from your brain, it's not like you wanted that happen. And plus, it's not your fault that Boscha is such a jerk that she would threaten to spill such an embarrassing secret of Willow's. I told you that I was gonna be your cheerleader, and so I'm going to morally support you by holding my pee too! And I'll even try staying as hydrated as Boscha required you to be." After her speech, Luz chugged her remaining half a glass of water. In the process, both girls had to cross their legs at the sight and sound of liquids flowing.

Amity blushed harder at this. Luz was such a kind, nice, and great friend. She didn't deserve to have her in her life. And Luz was also making this sacrifice for both her and Willow. "Thanks Luz. I- uh, I really appreciate it. But maybe don't sip so loud, it reminds me of how badly I need to pee." Amity admitted.

After the movie finished, the girls went to brush their teeth. They went to the bathroom together and shared the sink. Amity was blushing at how close she was standing next to Luz, in a bathroom of all places! Luz kept gushing about her favorite details of the special they just watched. But Amity couldn't understand her with a toothbrush in her month. She just nodded and smiled. The sound of running water would cause them both to cross their legs. Amity was making an active effort to not look at the toilet, out of fear that it would cause her to leak. Instead, she looked at Luz using the mirror. Eventually, her eyes wandered to her chest and she noticed that Luz wasn't wearing a bra. It was awkward for Amity, she was blushing the whole time, but she secretly enjoyed it.

After she brushed her teeth, Luz shot a beaming smile at Amity and Amity couldn't help but smile back with a flushed face.

Then, the girls prepared for bed. After Amity tucked herself in, she heard Luz say "I always have a hard time sleeping when my bladder is full."

"Me too." Amity replied. "But again, you don't have to hold your pee if you don't want to Luz."

"It's ok, again, I want to do this in solidarity with you Amity. You're my friend, and friends support each other no matter what!" Luz responded.

Amity blushed at this statement. Wow, I've been blushing a lot today. I hope Luz hasn't noticed, I still don't have the nerves to tell her how I feel yet.

Amity closed her eyes. She felt the nagging aching of her bladder as she tried to drift asleep. Under the cover of her blanket, she grabbed her crotch. She resisted doing that in front of Luz all day, despite needing to do it a few times this evening, because she didn't want Luz to have a bad impression of Amity being too childish to hold her pee. She squeezed her legs together and eventually fell asleep.

END OF CHAPTER

*009*2024-01-23 23:18

Chapter 3: Watching and Dreaming Summary: Amity gets some weird dreams after she falls asleep with a full bladder.

DISCLAIMER: This chapter contains depictions of masturbation and mentions of genitals. Reader's discretion is advised.

This chapter is a bit longer, I hope that means you'll enjoy it more!

###

"Amity, would you mind if we cuddled while we slept?" Luz asked

"What?!" Amity looked at Luz in shock. Finding it hard to believe what she just heard.

"I usually have a teddy bear when I sleep, but I decided not to bring it with me to summer camp, so I don't have it with me right now. Whenever something bothers me at night, I just cuddle my teddy bear. It would help take my mind off my bladder right now." Luz explained.

Amity felt honoured that Luz was being so vulnerable and opening up about something so personal about herself. She already wasn't gonna say no to the cuddling, but now she just felt bad for Luz.

"Of course we can cuddle. Since you're being my cheerleader, I'll let you cuddle me like a teddy bear." Amity couldn't believe she just said that out loud. But before she could give it anymore thought, she heard a loud squeal from Luz and then a pair of arms hugging her. It was nice... Amity felt like she was in heaven.

The pair fell back asleep again. In the middle of the night, Amity felt a sharp pain in her bladder.

"Luz, I don't think I can hold it much longer. Could you let go so that I can use the washroom?" Amity asked. She felt bad about losing Boscha's challenge so early and condemning Willow to a life of embarrassment. But she couldn't hold it for much longer.

Luz didn't respond.

"Luz?!" Amity asked again, but a bit louder. She heard Luz snoring and she kept hugging Amity tightly. Amity couldn't get up to use the washroom.

It was useless. Amity lied in her sleeping bag as she felt her bladder expand larger and larger like a balloon. Oh Titan, it felt like it was gonna pop at any second. And then, it happened... A torrent of urine blasted out of her crotch and soaked her pants and panties.

###

"Ahhhh!" Amity woke up with a jolt and shot her hand down to squeeze her crotch. Her pants and panties were luckily, still dry. But her need to pee felt much worse than before bed. The sudden movement also woke Luz up.

"Ugh..." Luz groaned. She tensed up then asked, "is everything ok Amity?"

"Yeah, I just had one of those dreams where I peed my pants..." Amity replied. Luz didn't need to know the other details.

"Oh no, did you actually pee your pants for real?" Luz asked.

"No, luckily, I'm still dry." Amity replied.

"Ok, that's good," Luz replied. "Ya know, I kinda had a similar dream. I was in class and I had to pee really badly. But we were writing a test so the teacher wouldn't let me use the washroom. I felt my bladder get fuller and fuller. Then the bell rang and scared me. I almost peed. But luckily, I think you were the bell cause I woke up shortly after and I'm still dry too." Luz added.

Amity blushed really hard imagining the scenario that Luz just described. Thank Titan it's still dark, cause there's no way Luz wouldn't notice how red my face is at the moment. Amity also crossed her legs tighter as imagining Luz's desperation made herself more desperate. "Well, I'm glad we're both still dry. Let's try to get some more shut eye before class tomorrow." Amity suggested.

Both girls went back to bed again. But it was harder to sleep with their bladders feeling rock hard. Amity tried squeezing her crotch with a hand along with crossing her legs. Over the next few minutes, Amity heard lots of rustling coming from Luz. She looked over and it looked like Luz was tossing and turning a lot. She tried to ignore it, but Amity found it hard to sleep with the noise, in addition to her full bladder.

Eventually, Luz said, "I realllllly have to pee Amity," in a worried tone.

"Luz, just go to the bathroom if it's getting too painful for you. You're my friend and I don't want you getting hurt." Amity replied.

Luz let out an adorable whine. Half of it sounded like a complaint to Amity's request, and the other half sounded like desperation from needing to pee. Amity couldn't help but watch Luz squirm around under her blanket.

Then, Amity heard a gasp from Luz.

"Allright i'llgopeeijustleaked!" Luz said in a very rushed and worried tone. She jumped out of her sleeping bag and quickly hobbled to the washroom.

Amity felt a spasm from her bladder. She gripped her crotch harder. This was getting bad. Knowing that Luz was on the verge of wetting herself, and is currently relieving herself made Amity's bladder really jealous. She was partially sad that Luz was no longer holding in solidarity, but she was also glad that Luz was finally taking care of her bodily needs. If only Amity could say the same for herself. She had to double over to prevent the wave of desperation from becoming a leak.

Amity looked over at a clock. It was just barely past midnight. Ugh, I'm not even half way past this stupid dare yet and I already have to pee this badly. Amity thought. Do I really think I'm going to make it till 2pm tomorrow? Then Amity imagined Luz in a cheerleader outfit encouraging her and telling her how strong and determined she was and that "if anyone can get through this, it's you, Amity Blight!" and that brought a smile to Amity's face.

Then, Amity's imagination drifted to Luz's pee dance. She imagined Luz grabbing her crotch and crossing her legs. Tossing and turning, being unable to sleep due to her full bladder. A bladder, that Amity imagined had protruded significantly out of her abdomen and was hard upon touching. She imagined that her bladder was bulging as much as her tiny breasts that she totally wasn't looking at when they were brushing their teeth. The hand that was grabbing her crotch started rubbing. Why was she having these weird thoughts about her friend? It felt wrong, but at the same time, it felt so good.

Suddenly, Amity felt really thirsty. It was that damn curse again. She took a few gulps from her water bottle while she was still rubbing herself. The pleasure she felt more than offset the wave of desperation she felt as the liquid entered her throat.

Luz popped back into her room to grab a clean pair of panties and then went back to the bathroom again. It all happened so quickly, so there was no way Luz noticed what I was doing, right? Amity thought.

Luz finally came back to bed and there was silence. Amity stopped rubbing herself and instead continued to squeeze her legs together in an attempt to fall asleep. The rush she felt from rubbing herself had helped take her mind off her bladder. This made it easier for Amity to fall asleep.

###

"I realllllly have to pee Amity," Luz said. She was squirming around and had a hand in her crotch.

Amity continued to stare at Luz in silence. Luz's potty dance was so mesmerizing. She stood up and hobbled to the bathroom. But it was locked.

"Ner- Mmmmmm..." Luz moaned in desperation. She doubled over and squeezed her legs tighter.

"Amity... I can't hold it much longer..." A few seconds after she said that, Amity heard a hissing sound and Luz's pants began to darken. First around her crotch area, but then it trickled, then flooded down her legs too. Luz's hands stayed on her crotch, a futile attempt to stop the pee from gushing out of her.

Amity felt strange feelings the entire time she watched Luz like this. Especially around her own crotch feeling comfortably warmer than usual.

###

Amity woke up startled. There was light coming from the window. Amity felt something wet and sticky on her crotch and feared the worst. She hobbled over to the washroom to check on her panties. "Luckily", it wasn't pee. But she definitely needed a shower now. And that was the last thing she needed because she had to pee so badly. She hobbled back into Luz's room to grab her spare "period panties" from her backpack. Luz was very nice in offering her clothes last night, but there was no way Amity was going to accept underwear from Luz without being super awkward about it. She checked the time and noticed that it was about 10 minutes before she usually woke up anyways.

No point in trying to go back to sleep now. I guess I'll just have to *shudders* take a shower.

Just thinking about showering made Amity's bladder spasm and she had to double over. She hobbled back to the bathroom and stared at the shower.

Well, I might as well rip the band-aid off, Amity thought.

As soon as she turned on the water, the sound of the water hissing and spraying out made Amity's bladder spasm stronger. She had to cross her legs, double over, and grip her crotch. A small moan escaped her lips as she fought hard to contain the bursting dam inside of her.

Taking a shower was torture. Her entire body was shaking the entire time. She quickly cleaned her pits, crotch, and feet areas and turned off the water. She couldn't bare cleaning more than the dirtiest parts of her body at the moment. Her legs were tightly crossed the entire time. As she stepped out of the shower, she saw the toilet, just there, taunting her. It gave her bladder a big spasm and she had to create a pretzel with her legs. She jammed her hand up her crotch and waited for the feeling to subside.

As a Blight, Amity had her fair share of being forced to hold her pee during her parents' fancy events. So she was used to the feeling of a full bladder. In fact, sometimes she even enjoyed it... But this instance was starting to become one of the worst that Amity has ever needed to pee before. She was still able to hold it in though, after all, she was conditioned to.

She looked at herself in the mirror and noticed the huge bulge below her stomach. Her bladder looked almost as big as a grudgby ball. Ok, maybe that was an exaggeration, but she's never seen it this big before. She carefully dried herself and put her clothes back on.

###

Luz woke up to her phone's alarm. The Good Witch Azura theme song. She noticed that Amity was no longer next to her. She had to pee again as she drank a lot to keep up with how much Amity needed to drink to keep Boscha's dehydration curse at bay. She got up to go to the bathroom and heard the pitter platter of the shower. Amity must be showering, Luz thought. The sound of water cascading onto the shower tiles increased Luz's desperation. She crossed her legs and then waddled away, back to her room. She could empty her bladder later. Or maybe she should hold her pee again in solidarity with Amity? Emptying her bladder was always the first thing that Luz did when she woke up as the urge to pee hit her like a truck every morning. She grabbed her crotch to stop another wave of desperation from turning into a leak. She jammed a finger up her pee hole.

Luz thought back to yesterday and the amount of times she caught Amity crossing her legs and squirming. At first, it appeared that Amity was trying to hide her desperation around Luz. Luz did notice it most of the time though, because, well, Amity looked cute in that state. Wait, do I think Amity looks cute? Luz thought. As the day went on though, Amity got less and less subtle, but Luz kept pretending that she didn't notice for the sake of helping to maintain Amity's dignity.

And Luz could've sworn she saw Amity looking at her chest as they were brushing their teeth last night. Oddly, Luz didn't mind, and even felt a bit of pride in the fact that maybe, just maybe Amity was checking out her boobs. Maybe Amity sees me in a certain light too? Luz thought. I don't wanna get my hopes up too high though... Luz added to her thought as she recalled some sad events from her past.

Luz felt sorry for Amity though, because despite the fact that she's currently feeling the wrath of her morning bladder, she knows that Amity has it a much worse. She doesn't know how Amity has been able to hold it for so long so far. Luz herself was barely able to hold it for more than 12 hours. Maybe she just has a big bladder? Or she's been practicing? Or maybe...

Before Luz was able to finish that thought, she let out an orgasmic moan and realized that she was rubbing herself the entire time. She took her finger out of her vagina and felt extremely guilty that she took advantage of her friend's vulnerable position to get herself off like that. But she felt her urge to pee almost disappear, and her entire body felt like it was in heaven. She definitely needed to change her panties now.

Luz has masturbated to a lot of her friends before. They're all really cute after all. But this was the first time she did it to Amity. And it felt different from the other people...

"Good morning Luz!" Amity announced.

"Ahhhh!" Luz exclaimed in surprise. Her hand was still in her panties but luckily she was facing away from the door and was able to subtly move her hand out by throwing them into the air and turned to face Amity. "Amity. Hey! Hi Amity, Hi Amity. Hi. Amity." Luz sputtered out awkwardly. She saw how Amity's legs were tightly crossed and could barely stand still. She felt her face flush even more at the sight.

"Hey Luz, I just finished showering, so the bathroom is all yours if you need it." Amity stated, while shifting her weight back and forth.

"Coolio. Awesome. Great. Imma, I'm just gonna brush my teeth. I'll help you hold your pee. Ermmm, I- I mean, I'll hold my pee in solidarity with you. Again." Luz responded with a blush.

"Luz, you don't have to do it again. But that's very sweet of you." Amity replied while giggling at Luz's poor phrasing. Amity had a blush on her own face and smiled at her. Then, there was a moment of awkward silence as both girls were staring at the ground trying to avoid eye contact with each other.

Finally Luz got up and walked towards the bathroom. "Alright, I'll just brush my teeth now!" Luz said, a bit too loud.

On her way to the bathroom, she couldn't help but think about her accidental slip up of "...I'll help you hold your pee...". What was I thinking? Was I going to offer to use my finger to help plug up Amity's pee hole? Luz felt a tingling sensation in her crotch as she shuddered at the idea.

Once she entered the bathroom, she was reminded by how ruined her panties were. Well, I can't go back into my room now and grab another pair of panties, that'll be awkward. Luz thought. She decided that she would just quickly wash her crotch, dry it, and go commando for the day. She felt a spasm in her bladder as she splashed some warm soapy water onto her crotch. She cleaned it as quickly as possible and then dried it. She did her best to wipe off the mess on her panties before throwing it in the laundry hamper. She had to ensure that she was the one doing laundry this week if she wanted to avoid that awkward conversation with Eda. Afterwards, she brushed her teeth and felt her urge to pee slowly creeping back. She glanced at the toilet and that didn't help at all. She jammed her hand to her crotch and held it there for a minute. She finished brushing her teeth and walked away from the bathroom, much to her bladder's dismay.

Being in a bathroom but not allowing herself to relieve her morning pee left her bladder complaining with a vengeance. As Luz left, she felt a strong wave of desperation. She waddled back to her room with a hand tightly gripped to her crotch. Right before she entered her room, the wave subsided so she tried her best to act normal in front of Amity before walking in.

"Ready to head to school?" Luz asked as she entered the room. Amity was standing there with her legs tightly crossed with a worried look on her face. Luz couldn't help but slightly cross her legs after being reminded of her own desperation.

"I'm not sure how much longer I can hold it for Luz." Amity said with a worried tone. She turned slightly sideways and Luz could see how much her bladder was bulging out. It was about as big as a Grudgby ball.

Amity looks so cute squirming around like that. No Luz, stop having those thoughts. Your friend needs your moral support right now! Luz thought.

"It- It's ok Amity, you held it this far. You are one of the smartest, most determined people I know. You'll make it through this." Luz said encouragingly.

"You really think so?" Amity asked in a slightly whiny tone.

"Yes, you have a strong bladder Blight. If anyone can beat this stupid curse of Boscha's, it's gotta be you!" Luz affirmed. She proceeded to give Amity a gentle hug.

Amity returned the hug with a very red face. She appreciated that Luz was encouraging her. She really really liked her hugs, and she appreciated that she was gentle. Any extra pressure on her bulging bladder and she would surely lose it. But she was also embarrassed that her crush had to see her like this. Luz was being very supportive though and Amity thanked the Titan for that. She didn't know what she'd do if Luz ran away, thinking of her as a weirdo over this bizarre circumstance that Boscha forced her into for Willow's sake. She definitely had to ask this girl out to Grom now for being so amazing.

"Ok Amity, as much as I like hugging, I think we'll be late for school if we don't leave now." Luz said.

Amity immediately let go and faced away in embarrassment. Oh no, I really overstayed my hugging time. I really messed things up, Amity thought.

"I can give you plenty of hugs after school though!" Luz suggested with a smile and a wink. Amity's face turned even redder. Is she flirting with me? I can't tell... Maybe I do have a chance with her though..., Amity thought.

Just as they exited the Owl House, Eda came back home. Amity immediately stopped crossing her legs, not wanting her to suspect anything. Luz was less worried about appearances as she kept her legs crossed, though she did it in a way that looked natural for Luz.

"Hey Kiddo, did you bring Boots here for a sleepover?" Eda asked.

"Yeah, her parents and siblings were also out for the night and so I suggested a sleepover so that we'd both be less lonely last night." Luz responded.

"Ah, well that's very nice of you kid." Eda said approvingly

"Now, you better not have broken anything in my house while I was gone!" Eda said with an accusatory face.

Luz chuckled, "I promise we didn't break anything while you were gone." Luz assured.

"Alright, I'm happy you two weren't sulking in your respective houses all alone last night then." Eda said.

"Oh farts, would you look at the time, you're gonna be late for school!" Eda exclaimed. "That's my kiddo!"

"Eeeeda!" Luz complained. "Actually, could we borrow Owlbert for today so that we can get to school on time?" Luz asked.

"Ugh, always got to be a goodey-Luz shoes, huh? Have you remembered your flying lessons? I don't want you hurting Owlbert again, whatever you were up to the last time 'I' let you 'borrow' him..." Eda asked with air quotes. She still didn't remember agreeing to that, but both King and Luz kept insisting she did.

"Yes, I remembered my lessons, and I promise to take care of him." Luz responded.

"Hoo, hoooo," Owlbert said.

"Alright fine, if Owlbert is ok with it, you can borrow him. Please bring him back in one piece." Eda said.

"Yay! Thanks Eda!" Luz said, before giving her a hug.

Luz and Amity got on Owlbert and flew towards Hexside.

"Huh, is it just me, or did baby Blight get fatter?" Eda said out loud once the girls were out of earshot.

"Maybe she's pregnant!" Hooty chimed in.

"Haha! Oh Titan, I forget you're here sometimes. That's ridiculous Hooty, she's only 14. But hmm, either way I should give kiddo The Talk if she's gonna be inviting Boots over without supervision." Eda pondered. " 'The girl's got rizz' as them witchlings would say nowadays."

END OF CHAPTER

A/N: That opening scene was quite in character for Luz, huh? I wrote it as if Amity was dreaming it, but maybe there was some of it was real... I've decided to leave it up to the reader to decide what was real and what wasn't in that scene.

Big shout out to my new beta reader mourn365! She's agreed to beta read this and all future chapters of "All Day At Hexside" and I am very grateful for their time in helping me improve my stories!

After I finished writing this fic, I found this piece of art made by YellowZone depicting Luz in a cheerleader outfit being desperate to pee. I like to think that this scene appeared in one of Amity's dreams: https://www.omorashi.org/profile/98474-yellowzonemx/?status=24476&type=status

. (Image link if page is broken: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EZmDEQiUEAAtdbd?format=jpg&name=large

, I highly encourage you to check out YellowZone on Pixiv if you haven't already, they make a lot of great art of cartoon girls in omorashi situations: https://www.pixiv.net/en/users/40489187

, *Pixiv account needed to view)

Shameless plug: Chapter 4 of All Day At Hexside is already posted on my Ko-Fi page: https://ko-fi.com/goldenguard/tiers

If you want one week early access to the chapters of All Day at Hexside, become a member of the Emperor's Coven today!

*011*2024-01-24 00:32

{{21 minutes ago, SodaBubbles said:

Also Eda saying “Rizz” made me laugh so much because I just imagined it in her voice

}}

I definitely enjoyed writing that "How do you do fellow kids" moment for Eda lol

Luz would've felt so embarrassed if Eda said that in front of her.

*012*2024-01-30 23:48

Chapter 4: Amity Goes For A Spin

Summary: Thanks for nothing you useless Palisman!

###

Amity had to pee, really badly. For the most part, Luz was a smooth flyer. Besides liftoff and the occasional cross winds, the ride didn't contribute unnecessary g-forces to make her bladder suffer. Amity was doing subtle things to help her hold her pee. She was tightly crossing her legs, gripping the broom stick like a vice. And she was also slowly rocking back and forth to provide some supporting pressure for her aching crotch.

During descent, Luz noticed that Amity was flailing around desperately trying to balance herself on Owlbert.

"Amity, just hold on to me." Luz said.

"What? Me, hold on... to you?" Amity awkwardly asked.

"That's what I said. I can see you're having trouble balancing so just hold on to me." Luz replied.

Amity gently hugged Luz and was able to balance herself better now. But now, she was all flustered at the prolonged contact she was having with Luz. She was warm, and soft, her hair smelled like lemons, and it felt nice to pull her in close-

"Ah! Not too tight please, I still have to pee!" Luz exclaimed.

"Sorry!" Amity apologized and immediately loosened her hug.

A few seconds later, a Grudgby ball hit the tail end of the broom stick and they began spiraling out of control. Amity tightened her hold on Luz out of fear. They were spinning around and falling out of the sky. The g-forces Amity experienced, along with her full bladder gave her crotch an extremely weird and uncomfortable feeling.

The feeling was kinda like that time when she was 7 and got on a roller ghoster for the first time with Willow. It was summer break, so the lines for the fair rides were super long. Amity wasn't thinking ahead and didn't use the bathroom before lining up. By the time it was her turn to ride the roller ghoster, she had to pee. But she waited 2 hours to get on the ride, she couldn't bail now. So she stepped in the cart and hoped the ride would be quick.

The ride was quick, but what she didn't realize was that all the g-forces she'd experience on the roller ghoster were not good for her bladder. Her need to pee doubled, it felt like an invisible force was pushing on her bladder, trying to get all her pee to gush out. She felt every plummet and loop-de-loop as a pained aching in her bladder. Luckily, all her clenching helped her stay dry and she managed to leave the roller ghoster without wetting her pants. Willow was not so lucky, she left the roller ghoster with ruined clothes but for different reasons...

But this broom stick spiraling drop felt worse. Amity felt like she was on the verge of peeing herself. She clenched everything she could. Her legs crossed tighter around the broom stick and her arms around Luz squeezed tighter. Both girls were screaming in fear as they continued to drop.

But at the last minute, Luz was able to pull a maneuver to allow them to gracefully crash into some soft bushes. Luz still felt extreme aching in her bladder when she noticed Amity was still hugging on to her tightly. "Amity?" Luz squeaked.

Amity immediately let go and said "Sorry, I didn't mean to-"

"It's ok, it was a bumpy ride." Luz replied with a wink.

Both girls blushed at what just happened and Luz got up first to turn away from the awkwardness. She was glad that Amity wasn't bear hugging her anymore. She still had to pee badly, but it was a lot less painful now. And thank Titan she still stayed dry. Amity didn't quite squeeze her bladder, but got close and Luz was on the verge of losing it. A tiny leak would surely show up on her rainbow coloured school uniform pants if she wasn't wearing any panties.

As Luz turned around, she saw Boscha laughing hysterically. "Boscha! Were you the one that kicked that Grudgby ball into us?!" Luz accused.

"And so what if I was?" Boscha replied.

"So it was you! How dare you! That wasn't funny Boscha, we could've gotten hurt!" Luz ranted.

"That's exactly why this is funny." Boscha quipped. She shifted her attention to Amity, who was sitting in the bush, squirming around and holding her crotch. Boscha smirked, then proceeded to walk away.

Luz turned back around to help Amity up she saw Amity tightly gripping her crotch with her hands and a big grimace on her face. When she opened her eyes and saw Luz staring at her, she immediately put her hands away and squeaked "Eep!"

Luz held out her hand to help Amity up while standing up with crossed legs. "Amity, it's ok to squirm around and hold yourself when you need to pee. It's a natural reaction." Luz stated.

"I- I know, I'm just really shy and get embarrassed easily by this stuff." Amity replied. Amity accepted Luz's hand and began to pull herself up, but as soon as she used her core and leg muscles to pull herself up, she felt a huge wave of desperation and had to let go to grab her crotch again.

"Ohhhhhh..." Amity moaned. "I don't think I can make it..." Amity stated. "I have to pee sooooooo badly."

"Hey, it's ok, I believe in you Amity." Luz said.

"No, it's not ok!" Amity exclaimed. Tears started forming in her eyes. "When I fail this, Boscha is going to continue picking on Willow, we'll both be humiliated, no one will wanna be friends with me and this will be all for nothing!" Amity ranted, and then she started crying.

"Amity, I'll still be friends with you." Luz said.

"R- Really?" Amity asked, while sniffling.

Luz continued, "Yeah, it doesn't matter what happens today. I'm still gonna be friends with you cause you're an amazing person. You're smart, determined, and willing to stand up to bullies like Boscha. And you are not responsible for Boscha's actions. Willow will understand that."

"I'll understand what?" Willow asked. She and Gus had a perplexed look on their faces as they approached Luz and Amity sitting in a bush looking like they crashed into it. Luz and Amity seemed stressed, and nervous about something.

"And why do you both look like you need to pee?" Willow asked.

Amity and Luz blushed at what Willow just pointed out. Luz was the first to speak up.

"So, something happened with Boscha in photo memory class yesterday..." Luz responded.

Luz looked over at Amity indicating to her that it was her story to tell. Amity took a moment to get over her embarrassment and to collect her thoughts.

"... Boscha and I were partners for memory picking yesterday. And one of the memories she pulled out of my brain was a memory from that sleepover you and I had in 2nd grade. It was when you had... uh... that incident..." Amity replied.

Willow's face turned a shade of red that roughly matched the hues of both Luz and Amity's faces. She knew what 'incident' Amity was talking about and was embarrassed that it has come up again after all these years. And of all the people that could find out about it, why'd Boscha have to be one of them?!

Gus was oblivious as to why the three girls were currently silently embarrassed and spoke up.

"What happened?!" Gus questioned.

Willow internally debated about whether she should tell Gus, she looked over at Luz and could tell she already knew about this. Finally, she decided that letting her best friends know would be no where near as bad as Boscha knowing, so she decided to tell him.

Willow whispered into Gus's ear, "I- uh- I wet the bed during that sleepover..."

"Oh..." Gus replied. "It's ok, it happens to all of us, I- uh wet the bed often when I was five... But it doesn't happen anymore!" Gus said that last part a bit too loud, nearby students looked over at the group. Now Gus's face was just as red as the other's in their group. Everyone felt embarrassed that they were sharing embarrassing stories near the school. They were all out of earshot being by the bushes, but it still felt like they had no privacy with everyone staring at them.

After a moment, Willow began to fully process what had happened and now she just felt angry. "FOR TITAN'S SAKE. OUT OF ANYONE THAT COULD'VE FOUND OUT, WHY'D IT HAVE TO BE BOSCHA!!?!?!?!!!" Willow shouted. Students began walking away and avoiding the group now. At least they had a bit more privacy.

Willow looked at Amity with rage in her eyes, and Amity looked back with fear.

Luz stepped between them, looked at Willow and said, "Wait, please. It's not Amity's fault. You know as well as we do that the memories get pulled out randomly. Plus, Amity has a plan to prevent Boscha from using this information to embarrass you!"

Willow took a deep breath and realized that what Luz said was true. She looked back at Amity with a slight bit of anger in her face and nodded at her, motioning for her to continue the story.

Amity took a moment to compose herself. She almost wet herself in fear. She crossed her legs tighter and continued her story.

"... Anyways, I made a deal with Boscha..." Her voice was a bit shaky. "An everlasting oath actually. We agreed that if I'm able to hold my pee for 24 hours while drinking a regular intake of fluids, then she'll be forbidden from talking about your incident."

Amity squirmed a bit after being reminded of her current predicament. Willow could clearly tell that Amity had to pee badly at the moment and decided that she was telling the truth. So many questions crossed her mind after Amity's explanation: How long has she been holding it already? Why did Boscha make such an odd request? I know Amity has been mean to me in the past, but does she really deserve this?

Then Willow saw Luz squirming out of the corner of her eyes.

"Wait, then why do you look like you need to pee? Did Boscha include you in the oath too?" Willow asked Luz.

Luz blushed at the probing question. "No... It's a bit silly, but I've decided to help Amity through this by being her personal cheerleader. It's Boscha's fault that she's in this situation, so I'm holding my pee in solidarity with her for moral support." Luz light gripped Amity's shoulder as a physical gesture of her support and Amity tensed slight at the touch.

Willow narrowed her eyes at Luz. Lately, she's been getting closer and closer to Amity. What's going on...? Willow thought.

Willow decided to stop focusing on Luz (for now) and brought her attention back to Amity. She can always question Luz during their girl talks after school.

"Amity, it's nice that you're doing this to stop Boscha from being able to spread rumours about me. But it looks like you're hurting yourself." Willow pointed out.

"Yeah, Boscha's just being a jerk! You don't have to do what she says." Gus said.

"But if I am successful. Boscha will be magically forbidden from sharing that piece of info!" Amity responded.

"Amity, Luz is right. This whole thing is Boscha's fault. I admire you for doing this. But please know that I won't hate you, at least not anymore than I previously did, if this goes wrong. I'm sorry for my anger earlier, I was just really embarrassed. I appreciate that you're taking steps to repair our relationship, but these things take time. I'll still give you a chance to rekindle our friendship no matter what. I don't want you to hurt yourself though, ok?" Willow replied while Gus and Luz were nodding in agreement.

Amity nodded. She felt like a weight was lifted off her shoulders knowing she'd still be on good terms with Luz (and maybe Gus and Willow?). But the prideful part of her still wanted to stick it to Boscha and see this through. After all, this reassurance from these people she cared about gave her some new found courage. It was reassurance from people that care about her more than anyone else in her life, except for Ed and Em, though they had a weird way of showing it sometimes. Even if Willow wasn't willing to call her a friend yet, she sure cares about her more than Boscha and her clique, the girls that were supposed to be her "friends".

With this new found courage, Amity replied "Thank you Willow. I'll try my best to beat Boscha's stupid little oath. But it's reassuring to know you won't hate me if I don't."

Amity was able to stand up now. Willow and Gus went ahead to their respective homerooms while Luz hobbled with Amity until they needed to separate to get to their respective homerooms.

END OF CHAPTER

###

Top Secret writing notes: I included multiple references to my two favourite dragon shows in this chapter. Surely at least one reader will catch em and point it out in the comments, right? Right?!

A/N: Also, Owlbert is not actually a useless Palisman here. I just wanted to make a reference. I love including references to other works in my fics and I love it when readers point it out to me in the comments, so do me a favour and point out all the references I made in this chapter in the comments please. It would make this author happy! (And go back to the previous chapters and do the same if you're feeling generous.)

Thank you to mourn365 for beta reading this fic!

*015*2024-02-06 23:57

Chapter 5: Desperation Education

Summary: It's hard to focus in class when you need to pee.

###

@Luz couldn't focus in class. This happened often with Luz, but today it was extra difficult cause she needed to pee. While the teacher droned on about the history of potion magic, Luz focused most of her energy on holding her bursting bladder. She had her hand gripping her crotch. She would cross and uncross her legs. She squirmed around and rocked back and forth on her chair. And as badly as she needed to pee, she couldn't imagine how bad it must've been for Amity. It was currently a bit after half past nine.

Luz had only been holding it since a bit past midnight, but she's been drinking a lot of water since then. She wanted a full bladder to hold in solidarity with Amity, even if that meant taking the painful decision to skip her morning pee. Amity had been holding it for 19 hours. Luz shuddered trying to imagine how badly Amity had to pee right now. Noticing the time, she took another two gulps of water. She crossed her legs tighter as the liquid entered her body. They figured out that Amity had to drink about two gulps every half hour she was awake to keep the dehydration curse at bay.

The sudden noise of pouring liquid sent a wave of desperation to Luz's bladder. The teacher was demonstrating some ancient potion making technique called "streamed titration", or something like that by pouring a flask of liquid from up high into a cauldron on the floor. Luz doubled over and tightened her crossed legs even more. She felt so close to leaking that she regretted going commando for today. The sound of one stream of liquid falling into a bigger volume of liquid was torture for Luz. She clenched her muscles tighter and tighter, so much of her willpower was being used to prevent her floodgates from leaking into her pants.

Shortly after, the bell screamed, signalling the end of class. Luz gripped her crotch harder to stave off another wave of desperation. Then, she slowly got up and hobbled straight to the bathroom.

The temptation to pee was super strong, but that's not why she was there. She just wanted to stuff her pants with some toilet paper to provide a bit of buffer in case she leaked. She hobbled into a stall, grabbed several strips of toilet paper and stuffed it down her pants.

Then, she made the mistake of staring longingly at the toilet. It caused her bladder to spasm. Luz quickly jammed her hand to her crotch, but it was too late, she already started leaking. Then, she shoved her hand down her pants so that she could directly plug her pee hole with a finger. For the first few seconds she could feel her pee gushing out, warm liquid forcing it's way through the small gaps her finger couldn't plug. Though a combination of clenching her urethral sphincter and jamming her finger into her pee hole, she managed to stem the flow and it stopped after about 10 seconds.

Her urethra was screaming in agony at the denial of more relief and when she opened her pants to check the damage, the toilet paper was all soggy, and the inside of her pants were a bit damp, but luckily, nothing showed up on the outside. She pulled it all out and tossed it into the toilet. Then, she grabbed more toilet paper to dry her crotch and damp pants and tossed that in the toilet too. Finally, she got another several strips and stuffed more back into her pants. Being somewhat satisfied with the situation, Luz decided to leave for her next class.

It was the class Luz looked forward to the most every Wednesday: Abominations. She found it cool that witches could create and control slimy creatures to accomplish all sorts of tasks for them that went beyond fighting. It was super convenient to have them carry the heavy school textbooks instead of carrying them around in your backpack. Luz didn't know how she'd ever be able to perform such a complicated spell. But she envied witches like Amity that did it all the time with ease. And Amity was another reason Luz liked this class, they sat together in the same row and often passed notes to each other. Amity refused to do it at first, but eventually, Luz was able to get her to do it too with her hyper realistic Azura drawings.

As Luz hobbled into the classroom and to her seat, she noticed Amity had a grimace on her face with her eyes shut tight. Her body looked like a pretzel with how she was crossing her legs and holding her crotch. Luz knew that Amity had two consecutive classes in this classroom, so a thought crossed her mind that Amity had been in that position for quite a while now since she didn't need to leave her seat between classes. "Hey, how ya holding up?" Luz asked.

As soon as Amity heard Luz's voice, she stopped what she was doing and pretended like everything was normal. "Great." Amity said with strained grit.

Luz sat down next to her and quickly crossed her legs. "I know this is difficult for you. Much more for you than it is for me. I actually leaked a little in between classes." Luz said with a blush.

After hearing that statement, Amity's cheeks were dusted pink and she replied, "I haven't leaked yet. But I don't know how much longer I can stay dry."

"Wow, you have such a strong bladder Blight, you should teach me your ways." Luz responded.

Amity rolled her eyes and replied, "It's a trade secret. But maybe I can teach you one day... For the right price."

"Ooh, you drive a hard bargain Blight." Luz said. Both girls giggled at that silly exchange before the teacher announced that class was commencing.

Luz thought that having a full bladder while in class was distracting. But she was wrong. Having a full bladder while witnessing your friend's potty dance beside you was extremely distracting. Luz couldn't find the focus to keep her eyes on the board at all. Instead, she was either focusing on holding her own pee, or she was sneaking some glances at Amity's pee dance and it was a sight to behold.

Amity was shaking the entire time. Her legs were just permanently twisted up like a Twizzlers™ stick. She was rocking back and forth and squirming around. And every few minutes, she'd grab her crotch. When she wasn't grabbing her crotch, she kept her hands close by, gripping the hem of her shirt. Luz was able to hear some of Amity's quiet moans and groans, and it happened several times throughout class. It seemed like Amity was also having trouble focusing as her eyes were clenched shut half the time.

Luz found herself entranced by Amity's movements. There were a few times when Amity caught her staring and Luz had to look away towards the board pretending like she was taking notes. But her mind was racing a million miles a minute and she couldn't process what the teacher said or wrote.

Suddenly, Luz heard a gasp from Amity and looked over. Amity had a worried look on her face and had her left hand buried deep in her crotch. When she finally managed to compose herself, she saw Luz looking at her with worry so she quickly wrote a note with her right hand and passed it along to her. Her left hand stayed glued to her crotch the entire time.

Luz picked up the note, it read:

"I just leaked a little. I managed to stop it though."

Luz blushed while reading that. She also noticed that Amity's face was totally red, no doubt from having to strain herself from holding her pee. She wrote a sentence below Amity's and passed it back to her:

"Is it visible?"

Amity looked down and had a slightly relieved expression on her face. She wrote something and passed it back to Luz:

"No, I think this counts as a minor leak. It's not significant and definitely not intentional."

Luz gave Amity a reassuring smile and wrote another message back to her:

"You've got this! Your endurance is strong, just like Azura's when she ran a marathon across the continent of Xadia!"

Amity shot a smile back at Luz for her encouraging words. But it quickly turned back into a grimacing frown as she gripped her crotch harder, desperately trying to prevent another leak.

###

Eventually, it was time for lunch. Luz clenched all her muscles in response to the bell screaming at precisely 11:30 am. Then, she slowly stood up and turned to face Amity. Amity was still sitting down with a pained expression on her face. Her legs were still twisted up tightly and a hand was glued to her crotch.

"Luz... If I stand up, I'll pee..." Amity whispered. They were the only ones in the room so it wasn't necessary, but Amity felt so embarrassed at the moment. She was openly holding herself like a child in front of her crush, desperately trying to prevent herself from wetting her pants.

"I can carry you to the cafeteria." Luz suggested.

Amity's eyes shot wide open and her face became a darker red. "What?!" Amity exclaimed.

"If you're unable to stand up, I could help by carrying you to the cafeteria." Luz repeated.

Amity couldn't believe that Luz was this nice. She was now paralyzed imagining being carried by her crush to the cafeteria...

"Hello, Boiling Isles to Amity. Are you ready to go?" Luz asked. "I packed all your things for you already since you were too busy, uh, you know, holding it..."

Amity snapped out of it and felt her heart flutter. She was sure her face couldn't get any redder than it already was. Luz was so caring and thoughtful. Titan, what did she do to deserve a friend like Luz? Hopefully, they can be more than just friends eventually... "Ok, I'm ready." Amity replied with a nod.

Luz was able to scoop Amity up with ease. But once she was carrying her, she realized that exerting her arm muscles made it harder to hold her own pee. She felt a wave of desperation and had to cross her own legs momentarily before slowly hobbling to the cafeteria.

Luz was carrying Amity bridal style. It felt like the easiest way to carry her with how Amity kept the rigid shape of her doubled over body to help her hold her pee. Amity wished she could enjoy the moment. She wished she could enjoy how close she currently was to Luz. She wished she could take a moment to smell that delightful lemony scent that her brain has now associated Luz with. But she was just in pain the entire time. She could feel all of Luz's slow footsteps as a pain to her bladder. She didn't dare take her hands away from her crotch, and her legs were beginning to feel pins and needles from being crossed so tightly. Amity needed to pee very urgently.

As they entered the cafeteria, they got stares and there were whispers. The way that Luz was carrying Amity, the weird position Amity was in, and Luz's awkward walking drew in everyone's attention. Luz finally reached her usual seat next to Willow and Gus and then gently placed Amity down. She immediately grabbed her crotch and crossed her legs as she began to feel her urethra throbbing during the tail end of that walk.

As soon as Luz sat down too, Boscha came over. "Hey Amity and dweebs." Boscha quipped. Then she turned to face Luz, her face immediately turning sour before asking, "Why were you carrying Amity like that?"

Luz gave an equally sour look back to Boscha before responding, "You know exactly why. Amity can barely move thanks to that stupid everlasting oath you made her take yesterday."

Boscha looked over at Amity and smirked. Then she looked back at Luz and said, "Well, that's her problem. You don't have to help her."

"She's my friend, I will help her whenever she needs help!" Luz responded. She was squirming in place. Her bladder felt so full.

Boscha turned back to Luz and stared at her for a moment. Her face lit up as she realized "You have to pee too, don't you?" Boscha asked.

Luz nodded, "Yeah, so what?"

"Why are you doing it? You didn't take the oath." Boscha replied.

"I'm holding in solidarity with Amity. Your oath was a very mean thing to do and I wanted to make sure Amity wasn't alone in this." Luz responded.

Boscha just laughed at Luz's response. Then, her face turned to a frown, she looked dead straight in Luz's eyes, shooting sharp daggers with her own pupils and said, "It's also entertaining seeing you squirm around too. But, I don't ever wanna see you carrying Amity again. Otherwise I'll make your life a living hell. Understand round ears?"

Luz just stared back at Boscha in silence. But she still maintained the righteous anger in her face.

"Boscha, get lost!" Amity managed to yell out loud enough to make everyone at the table jump. Kids at neighbouring tables glanced over to see what the commotion was about. Luz crossed her legs tighter as her bladder spasmed in response to the sudden loud noise.

Boscha made a "hmmph!" sound before turning around and walking away.

"Sorry about that Luz. That was very mean of Boscha." Amity said, breaking the silence at the table.

"It's ok Amity, we're in this together, we'll show Boscha that we can't be messed with!" Luz exclaimed.

Luz, Willow, and Gus continued to eat their lunches. Amity didn't eat anything. She wasn't hungry. She needed to focus all her energy on holding her bladder. She didn't want to do anything to needlessly stretch or strain her bladder and she felt like eating was enough to strain her very overstretched bladder. She continued to squirm around with tightly crossed legs and a hand glued between them jammed to her crotch. This was bad, Amity could feel her urethra throbbing. She was on the brink...

Luz felt bad for Amity. She could see how much pain her friend was currently in and she felt a fraction of that pain with her own full bladder. She glanced over to Boscha's table and saw her staring at them smirking. It made Luz's blood boil seeing Boscha take pleasure in their suffering like this.

Suddenly, Luz heard Amity moan softly, and then she let out a loud gasp. Then, Amity exclaimed "I can't hold it any longer!" and she stood up and bolted out of the cafeteria doing the weirdest jog Luz had ever seen.

Luz decided to go follow her, she stood up and waddled towards the exit that Amity took. Luz didn't see where Amity went after leaving the cafe. But based on what was going on, she made an educated guess and hobbled towards the girl's bathroom.

END OF CHAPTER

###

A/N: This chapter was #NotSponsored by Twizzlers™, those things are disgusting, but I thought they'd make a good metaphor XD.

Thank you to mourn365 for beta reading this fic!

Also, to all you chemists out there, I am aware that the procedure I described is nothing like titration, I just needed a fancy science-y sounding word to add some flair to that scene.

*017*2024-02-08 10:23

{{2 hours ago, SodaBubbles said:

Awh, Boscha Is such a prick, i could literally feel the desperation and pain while reading this. poor Amity.

And yes, Twizzlers are absolutely disgusting, I’ll agree with you on that lol!

I cannot wait to see what Will happen next!

}}

Thank you for leaving such lovely comments for me each week! It really makes my day!

*018*2024-02-14 01:12

Chapter 6: And The Winner Is... Summary: Will Amity end up holding it for 24 hours after all?...

###

Amity barged into the girl's bathroom and entered the first stall. Once she entered, she locked the stall and jammed a hand to her crotch. Amity was in pain. Her bladder was in pain. She couldn't hold it anymore, but she wasn't peeing. Besides that small leak just then in the cafe, her anxiety levels were just too high right now and that caused her bladder to clamp shut.

Despite all her mother's high status conditioning, Amity had never had to pee this badly before. It was to the point that every second was a throbbing pain in her bladder. Her bladder protruded from her abdomen by so much that it was the size of a small Gourdbeast Egg.

"Ohhhh, ooooh!" Amity moaned softly as she crossed her legs tightly and doubled over as she evaluated her options. She needed to pee now, her bladder hurt. She was only a few hours away though, so close to beating Boscha's stupid oath. She didn't want to let Willow down and she didn't want to let Luz down. But a huge wave of desperation made the decision for her. As soon as that wave hit her, she yanked off her pants and panties, quickly sat down on the toilet seat, and a weak pee stream started coming out of her. Her urethra was throbbing as her bladder slowly pushed out the ocean of urine inside of her. Her nervous, bladder-shy brain was fighting against this and was telling her sphincter to stay shut. The two competing forces were causing immense tension in Amity's body.

Suddenly, Amity heard the girl's bathroom door open and Luz yelling "Amity, are you in here?!"

At the sound of her crush's voice, her sphincter immediately clamped shut, causing a stinging sensation for her urethra. Even her bladder seemed to stop pushing out the pee. But that didn't mean it would stop sending urgent signals to her brain. Her body wanted to release all that pent up liquid so sooooo badly. But she couldn't do it with her crush listening in the same room. Her bladder was in so much pain.

Amity felt herself starting to cry. Both from the pain of her overstretched bladder, like a rubber band about to snap; and also the emotional turmoil of knowing she just broke the oath, she felt the spell glow in her bile sac the moment she peed into the toilet. With a shaky voice, Amity replied "L- Luz, I lost. I- I couldn't hold it anymore. I let Willow d- down, and I let m- my cheerleader down." Tears were running down her face, it was taunting her bladder for being unable to release its own liquid as easily as her tear glands.

"Amity, I told you already that I'm still going to be your friend no matter what happens, and I mean it. Willow meant it too when she said she didn't want you hurting yourself for her." Luz replied. Luz felt a big wave of desperation, her bladder expected to be emptied soon as she was currently in a bathroom. Luz doubled over and jammed her hand to her crotch. She decided that she would take care of her own need only after ensuring that Amity was ok.

And Amity was clearly not ok at the moment. Luz heard Amity continue to sob, so she continued to reassure her, "Amity, none of this is your fault. Boscha is the one being a jerk here. You're a much better person than her-"

Suddenly the bathroom door opens. "Hehehe, looks like you lost Ames", Boscha said as she walked in.

Luz looked at Boscha bitterly and Amity continued to cry, but between sobs, she managed to mutter out, "C- congrats Bosh, I hope y- you're happy."

Boscha's facial expression immediately changed to guilt when she heard Amity cry. "Amity, a- are you crying?" Boscha asked.

"Like you even care, what are you even doing here Boscha, here to mock her?" Luz quipped. Luz was trying to hide her potty dance so that she could convey the righteous anger in her voice, but it didn't really work as she shifted from left to right shortly after finishing her sentence.

"I- I was going to tease Amity, but I didn't realize it hurt her this badly..." Boscha replied.

"You don't even stop to think about how your actions affect other people, just get out, you're the last person Amity wants to see right now." Luz stated.

Boscha gave Luz an angry look. But then saw how determined Luz looked so she decided to just leave.

"Amity, you're my friend, and I care about you. So, please pee before your bladder explodes, I don't want you getting hurt."

Amity's crying begins to stop after hearing Luz's reassuring words. Hearing Luz say that she cares about her gave her a warm reassuring feeling. And she could hear it in her voice when Luz was defending her from Boscha. She didn't know she needed to hear it, but she did. Amity let out a small giggle before responding "Luz, I was already peeing before you came in. But I have a really shy bladder so it just clamped shut the moment you walked in." She was so glad that Luz couldn't see her face right now as it felt super flushed.

"Oh my gosh Amity, I'm sorry, I didn't realize! I urmf-" There was a pregnant pause in Luz's voice as a wave of desperation washed over her. She shoved a hand to her crotch. Luz really needed to pee right now too, but if her leaving the room meant that Amity could pee, she'll do it in a heartbeat. "Ok, I'll leave the bathroom until you're done." Luz said. Amity could hear the door open as Luz left.

As soon as the door shut, her pee stream returned. At first, it was painfully slow. Her sphincter was still reluctant to completely open the floodgates, she was still anxious and nervous that Luz or Boscha would barge again in any second now. But her desperation eventually won out. Her entire body gave out and her pee stream got stronger and stronger until her pee hitting the toilet water sounded like the jet setting on a garden hose hitting a puddle of water.

Amity was so busy basking in the pleasure of relieving herself that she didn't notice the bell screaming, marking the end of lunch at 12:20pm. The relief she felt was unlike anything she ever felt before. The lingering pain from her overstretched bladder and sore sphincter muscles were still present. But the tension in her bladder was finally decreasing. Her relief was euphoric with a hint of pain. All that liquid that she was painfully holding inside her bladder for the past 22 hours was finally being released.

Amity peed for about 3 minutes. Her stream was forceful for most of it. When she finally emptied her bladder, she could still feel the lingering pain from overstretching it for so long.

###

Meanwhile, after Luz exited the bathroom, she felt another wave of desperation. Her bladder was complaining about the denial of relief when she was so close. She jammed her hand to her crotch and crossed her legs again. It was so tempting to walk back in to empty her own bladder, but she promised Amity that she'd stay out until she was done.

Luz stood outside the bathroom switching between squirming, shifting back and forth, tightly crossing her legs, and jamming her hands to her crotch. She did anything that remotely helped her hold her pee.

Then, Luz was able to hear Amity's forceful jet-like pee stream and she moaned in desperation as she felt a spurt of pee escape her defenses. The feeling of soggy, degrading toilet paper reminded her that she still wasn't wearing any panties and she clenched her muscles harder.

The screaming bell caused an even longer leak. She had to slip a hand into her pants to plug her pee hole with a finger. Combining that with everything else she was already doing helped her stop the leak, but not before a non-trivial volume of urine was able to gush through her fingers. She was able to see a small dark spot on the crotch of her rainbow uniform pants now.

Then she heard a troubling noise. A creepy sniffing noise followed by a spooky whisper of the word "trouble?" alerted Luz to the nearby hall monitors. If they caught her in the hallways after lunch was over without a hall pass, they'd surely throw her in the detention track, and she did NOT want to be sent to the detention track again. Luz quickly entered the closest room she could find to hide.

It turned out to be a janitor's closet. And as Luz stood silently among all the mops, buckets, vacuums, and other cleaning supplies, her bladder kept reminding her about her urgent need to empty it. When you have to pee as bad as Luz does, anything that was large enough and vaguely container shaped looked like a toilet. Luz kept glancing at the mop buckets, they looked like they were large enough to contain all the liquid that was currently in her bladder. Another wave of desperation hit her and she decided that she had enough. She went to the closest bucket, yanked down her pants and panties, and finally released the floodgates. Luz noticed that some soggy bits of toilet paper were still stuck to her crotch and she giggled a little as she watched her pee stream force the bits of soggy toilet paper into the bucket.

The relief felt so good. Luz didn't want it to stop. But then she heard footsteps approaching the closet with an accompanying grunt "trouble?" a hall monitor muttered.

Luz immediately stopped her stream, much to get sphincter's complaints, and proceeded to hide herself in one of the large trash bins in the closet.

The hall monitor came in, inspected the room, and saw the mop bucket in the middle of the room. It was a quarter filled with Luz's pee. The hall monitor tried sniffing around, but the overpowering smell of the "cleaning liquid" in the mop bucket made it hard to detect any troublesome kids in the room. So they just left shortly after.

Luz was gripping her crotch the entire time, feeling like her bladder was threatening to empty the rest of it's contents right then and there for denying it the relief it was previously enjoying. She rubbed her crotch a little to try to relieve herself of the string sensation in her pee hole. The stinging sensation that was only there because she closed her valve prematurely. It didn't help that her pants were still around her ankles. The cold air touching her crotch made her desperation worse. Luz whimpered knowing that she needed to wait a few extra minutes for the hall monitor to be far away enough that they wouldn't be in earshot of Luz's peeing. The wait was agonizing, but Luz held strong.

Eventually, Luz decided that she had waited long enough and went back to the bucket to squat over it. She was finally able to release the rest of the pee that she had been holding in for the past 12 hours and it felt so soooooo good.

After emptying her bladder, Luz grabbed a new roll of toilet paper from the shelf, opened it, and took some toilet paper to wipe herself. Then she decided to at least give the janitors the courtesy of emptying the bucket. So she grabbed the mop bucket and took it with her to the bathroom.

Amity was washing her hands when she saw Luz walk in with a mop bucket. She saw that it was 80% full with some yellow liquid.

"I uh, couldn't hold it anymore." Luz said with a blush.

"Oh, I forgot you had to pee too..." Amity replied. "I wouldn't have told you to leave if I had known-" Amity noticed the small dark patch on the crotch of Luz's rainbow pants and blushed even more.

"It's fine, don't worry about it. I found a way to solve my problem in the end." Luz replied. Amity couldn't help but think about how similar Luz's situation was to that time about a month ago when they were trapped inside the library after closing time during a thunderstorm. They both got so desperate to pee that they had to resort to using bottles...

Then Luz proceeded to empty the contents of the bucket into the toilet. She rinsed out the bucket as best she could before washing her hands and returned the bucket to the closet. They both went to their respective classes and apologized for being late.

After school, Luz went to Amity's locker and saw Boscha approach her too. Luz was about to tell her to get lost when Boscha said, "Please, let me just apologize first." Hearing those words come out of Boscha's mouth shocked Luz enough to keep her quiet.

"Amity, I'm sorry, I didn't realize that I was putting you through all that pain. I don't understand why you suddenly care about Willow now after 6 years, but if it means that much to you, I promise not to tell anyone about her 'incident'."

Amity looked at Boscha with a perplexed face and stunned silence for half a minute before responding, "Alright, I forgive you, but-"

"Great, I'll see you at manicure night tomorrow, baiiiii!" Boscha said before leaving.

"Wait, I never agreed to-" Amity said, but Boscha was already out of earshot.

"Gee, that was a terrible apology." Luz stated.

"I know, but it's the first time I ever heard her apologize for anything. We all gotta start somewhere, so I decided to give her a pass." Amity replied.

"You know, you don't have to keep hanging out with Boscha if she just makes you miserable all the time." Luz said.

Amity looked at Luz and realized that she was right. She had much better friends now. Luz, Willow, and Gus care about her way more than Boscha ever did, even if Willow may not consider her a friend yet. But she was definitely happy to have Luz as a friend and she'll work on becoming more than just friends with her over the coming weeks. She already had a 116 step plan that included asking her out to Grom and oh Titan, that was happening soon-

Amity snapped out of her train of thought and said. "Thanks Luz, you're a good friend and um, I care about you too." The girls were too busy blushing to notice each other's red faces. "And also, you're right Luz, Boscha does make me miserable. But we've been friends for over 10 years. She knows all my secrets. How do you end a friendship that's gone on for that long, even if I don't really consider Boscha a friend anymore?"

Luz frowned. "I don't know, I've never had to end a friendship before. Usually, they-" then Luz stopped talking and frowned.

Amity frowned at the implications of what Luz just said. Then she responded, "Hey, let's not dwell on our terrible past friendships and talk about Azura instead."

Luz's face immediately brightened up and she shot Amity her signature beaming smile. Oh Titan, this girl is so cute, she's gonna be the end of me, Amity thought. The girls had an impromptu Azura Book Club meeting that afternoon and spent the rest of the day together.

THE END

###

A/N: In the words of Luz Noceda in Adventures in the Elements after Amity returned her Azura book: "Soooo, what'd you think?"

I hope y'all enjoyed this series, let me know your thoughts!

I didn't realize the word count of this fic was greater than "Amity Blight's Trip to the Human Realm" until I posted this to Ao3 lol. Makes it funnier that I originally wanted to post this as a one-shot.

"Gourdbeast Egg" is a very obscure TOH reference that I didn't know about until recently. Can anyone figure it out?

Big thanks to mourn365 for beta reading this fic! You are amazing!

*021*2024-02-14 23:17

{{11 hours ago, Useless Guy said:

You ever gonna write that story? Or did you already?

}}

I'm glad someone noticed that line lol. I plan to write this at some point as my next TOH story. That won't be for a while though, I have a few other plans before then.

*023*2024-02-15 20:44

{{37 minutes ago, SodaBubbles said:

This ending was an adorable twist!

}}

I chose for this fic to be set in between Understanding Willow and Grom, so ofc I gotta reference Grom somehow.

{{38 minutes ago, SodaBubbles said:

Boscha’s apology really reminded me on how my ex friend treated me when they would apologise to me lol, nothing too bad though.

}}

Oof, hopefully they didn't treat you like Boscha did here. Glad to hear they're no longer your friend, people who don't know how to apologize are hard to deal with.

{{40 minutes ago, SodaBubbles said:

This was a great fic! And I cannot wait for more ^^

}}

Thanks!

*024*2024-02-21 06:39

I made an epilogue chapter to "All Day at Hexside".

Disclaimer: This epilogue is NOT canon compliant and contains smut. The original "All Day at Hexside" is supposed to be a plausibly canon complaint story that takes place between "Understanding Willow" and "Enchanting Grom Fright". Chapter 6 leads nicely into Grom, the epilogue ruins that. Readers' discretion is advised.

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="189460" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed9405762357" style="height:223px;max-width:500px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/98204-epilogue-to-all-day-at-hexside/?do=embed"

