Pokemon Omorashi epic! - Page 17

Author: Alexxx

*400*2014-04-24 03:41

"Are you sure this is the right way? I could’ve sworn-"

"A-absolutely." I nodded. "Keep to the left; it always works."

I couldn’t help but notice us passing the same stalagmite for the third time.

Nova held his hands together awkwardly. "Josh…."

"Don’t question him!" Static snapped. "He knows what he’s doing."

Myst frowned. "I’m sure he does, but Nova still has the right to speak up."

"…and…I think something’s wrong." I stopped walking for a moment. "Mew, could you continue down that way, sticking to the left for about five minutes, then come back to us?"

"Certainly." Mew nodded, then floated off ahead.

Static turned to me. "What are you thinking, Josh?"

"I’m thinking this doesn’t make sense. Either this tunnel is changing, or something is distorting our perspective, making us believe-"

"Hello, mortals." Mew hummed, now behind us.

I cursed. "Either we’re unable to stick to once side due to some kind of ailment, or this tunnel is changing as we progress. If it’s the first it doesn’t matter, as we’re unfit to even move, and if it’s the latter we’re at the complete mercy of whomever is changing the tunnels."

"Well, left certainly isn’t the answer!" Mew cackled behind us.

Myst gave Mew a dirty look. "What are you?"

"Immortal." Mew grinned a set of brilliant, spiked teeth. "I’ll get out eventually, of course. Even in death, I’ll just-"

Myst punched Mew in the gut, with black power emanating from her fist. Mew exploded with purple energy, cackling madly as it dispersed. Mew fell to the floor, unconscious.

"Possessed." Myst spat.

"Now what a ruuudeee way to treat your hosts!" Voices all around us giggled. I crunched my hand into a fist, and motioned my team to bunch together. "We were going to have fun with you! Why ruin our mirth with your despicable sense of reason?"

"I can see you, you bastards!" Myst hopped up and swung at the air, hitting something and causing it to meld into another burst of purple. "Get away from here!"

"Hahaha! So soon to have us leave?" A voice creaked inside a wall.

"Vanish! Die! Leave us alone!" Myst demanded, swinging at another and causing it too to disperse.

"As you wish."

With a violent gust of wind, all the torches went out at once. Even Nova’s tail flickered violently for a moment, but stayed firmly lit. I could barely see my hand.

I growled. "Nova, can you breathe a bit of flame ahead of us, so we can see properly?"

"I…I don’t think that will help." Myst whispered. "T…there’s nothing anymore."

Nova blew a huge gout of fire. The walls were gone. The cave was gone. We stood on a single gray plane of land, surrounded by black nothingness. After a moment, Nova’s fire went out, and we were once again plunged into darkness.

Nova whimpered. Oxygen punched the floor. Static and Skarr stood motionless beside us, and Myst desperately looked around. Mew laid on the floor, senseless.

I took a breath to compose myself. "We’re together. That’s what matters. No matter what, we-"

A sickening wet, crunch went off behind me. I winced, refusing to look. Nova whined and latched onto my leg, and Static and the other’s moved closer to one another.

Oxygen growled, and walked closer to it.

It appeared to be an older woman, terribly mutilated from a long fall. Her bones were shattered and bent, and blood oozed out of her chest. Though her mouth seemed to be twisted into a permanent, silent scream, her eyes seemed calm and collected.

"Should I shock it?" Oxygen asked, frowning at the corpse.

"I would rather you didn’t." It smiled.

"NOPE." Static clawed up my arm, and clutched my shoulder with his little arms and legs. "Nope, nope, nope, nope."

It didn’t appear to be advancing. I took one breath to quell the nausea, and another to calm the nerves. Whatever it was, it didn’t look aggressive.

"What…are you?" I tried to declare, but it came our meek and small.

"Left." it grinned, showing off two or three broken, rotted teeth. "I am your solution. Will you follow me?"

"How can we trust you?"

"You can trust whomever you’d like, boy. Trust is not earned; trust is based on faith. Whether you trust someone who has betrayed you in the past, or you distrust someone whom you barely know, this trust is not based on reason."

I frowned. "Can faith not be a hybrid of what you believe to be true, and what you know to be true?"

"Knowledge is knowing that you can swim in water. Faith is believing that what you’re about to jump into is water."

"So then, what is your point, aberration?"

"Will you trust me?" With it’s crooked, twisted arms, it pushed itself to a sitting position. "You owe me nothing, and I owe you nothing. You have no reason to trust me," Her strange, calm eyes twinkled. "…but will you?"

"Is this a question of if I am a fool, or if I am inherently trusting?"

"Such a quandary is yours to decide, trainer."

I bit my lip, and looked at my team. "Thoughts?"

"NOPE." Static gulped, still firmly latched on to my shoulder.

"Follow, but never trust." Myst nodded.

Nova let go of my leg a bit, but still stayed relatively close. "Whatever you think is best."

Oxygen shrugged.

"We’re stuck without help, or unless we find another solution." Skarr deduced. "I’ll break the tie and say follow."

I turned to the corpse. "Then that is our answer."

"Congratulations, trainer." the corpse stood, it’s bones snapping back into their sockets. "You have arrived to the Arena of Agatha – The Undying Third Master. It is a pleasure-" Her head snapped backwards, and her jaw slid into place. “To meet your acquaintance.”

“You’re Agatha?” I jumped back.

“Powers over the dead have their benefits.” She smirked. “Next month I’m celebrating my one-hundred and sixtieth birthday. My body still decays from time to time, but…well, nothing is perfect.” She grabbed one of her ribs, and cracked it back into place. “What did you think of my Trial?”

I tasted bile. “...overcoming fears is not an entirely new concept for me, and especially at this stage-”

“No. Though fear is a concept within my Solutionless Maze, my lesson is to heed the wisdom of others. Even if they are unwise, or different.” She smirked.

“Why would I heed the words of the unwise, instead of ignore them?”

“To understand what motivates their actions. Or, perhaps your assessment was incorrect, and they happen to be wise. Listening to a life story of a misfortunate fool informs you just as much as a wise man’s warning.”

I bowed, relenting to her words. “Would you consider yourself wise?”

She chuckled. “If wisdom can be judged by the number of foolish mistakes we’ve made, then yes, I am very wise.”

I smiled politely. “It will be an honor to battle you, Master Agitha.”

“Right to the chance then? Very well. Go, Hemlock!” A spiral of shadow made its way to the stage, grinning a familiar spiked-teeth smile with two, glowing red eyes.

I motioned to Myst with my eyes, and she took the stage.

"Dark Pulse, when you see an opening!" I ordered.

"Very well."

###

Myst and the Gengar stood on opposite sides of the dim, black arena. Hemlock cackled madly, his grin widening unnaturally across his face.

"Doesn’t your kind favor illusion?" Hemlock asked. "What hubris have you to challenge me unguarded?"

"You’re a ghost – a phantom of a soul, and an illusionary mockery of life. I don’t need my own illusions to destroy you."

Hemlock grinned, summoning a glowing orange orb in his purple palm just as Myst shot a wave of black energy. The Gengar’s orb shot straight through it, hitting Myst directly and sending her to the ground.

She didn’t get back up.

###

“You should know we play for keeps here, boy.” Agitha’s scratchy voice echoed against the nonexistent walls. Her Gengar blew against its fingers comically, as if to blow off smoke from a gun. “Don’t expect mercy from the dead.”

God. I depended on her this fight…I thought she would be faster…

Options. Mew has a disadvantage. Skarr can’t hit poison types, at least not well. Nova’s is an average choice, but if that Gengar was faster than

Myst he’ll be outpaced.

Oxygen ground his tail against the glowing white floor, causing an eruption of sparks. "I’ll fight them!"

I shook my head. "You’re strong, but you’re not fast enough…"

"Then who?"

Who else?

"Static." I ordered. "You’re up."

He nodded fiercely. "’Bout time."

Static raced to the battlefield, crackling with electricity. Hemlock glared warily, awaiting Agitha’s orders.

"And Static?"

"Mmmm?"

"Kick his ass for me." I smirked. "Thunderbolt."

###

An explosion directly in front of me rocked me out of my complacency. Static had barely gotten in the field, meaning he was almost beside me when the Gengar attacked. I shielded my eyes and fell backwards, more out of shock then the force of the blast.

Luckily, Static was significantly more nimble.

"Hey, watch it!" He yelped, dodging to the side and blasting the Gengar with a jolt of electricity. The Gengar. "You nearly hit my trainer, you oaf!"

"If I was aiming for your trainer, he would be a smoking pile of ash." Hemlock swung another ball of orange energy, missing Static by inches.

"Your aim is terrible, and you’re insane!" Static tensed, sending another stream of electricity into the Gengar. The ghost screamed and exploded into purple nothingness.

"…did we win?" Static asked. His shadow slowly crept up behind him, growing purple with a large, smug grin.

"Static!" I cried "Behind you!"

Too slow. Hemlock caught Static unawares, and smashed his fist against Static’s face.

Static barely moved.

"You call that a punch?" Static laughed, blasting Hemlock again. Hemlock cringed at the blow, falling to his knees, then collapsing on the ground. "Ha. One down."

I beamed. "Amazing job, Static. Return – I need you again if things go south."

Static hopped towards the sidelines.

“Go, Haunter!”

Another purple ghost materialized in the air, laughing manically. Its tongue drooped out of its spiky paw, giving it a hysterical, insane grin.

"Ready Oxygen?" I offered.

He bounded to the stage, cracking his wrists. "Absolutely."

$$

$$

$$

*404*2014-05-01 19:05

{{: 

Or not. I was actually wondering about that. The elite four he is showing is off though, since in gen 2, the elite four is different. And remember, Kanto and Jhoto have the same elite four. In the two years between the games, Bruno is the only member that didn't leave or got promoted. Meaning, if it is a decade or two in the future, Agatha and Ice Queen wouldn't be there still, unless they rejoined. Also, there is no way Agatha is that old, since Misty is shown to be in her twenties/thirties and Agatha grew up with Oak, who was most likely in his sixties in the first game, since he was a grandpa. Meaning Agatha should at the most be in her 90's. In other words, story plot holes. You were doing fine until the Elite Four and especially this. It's still enjoyable none the less.

}}

(This story isn't purely canonical with the games -- for instance, Professor oak was never referenced (as he doesn't exist in this universe), and Red was never referenced (as he, also, doesn't exist). This story is canon with itself, and the rules of the strategic elements of play are canon.

Also, no update this week. Currently dying from exams. Sorry! ;_;)

*406*2014-05-08 02:46

(I'll have you know I wrote a ten minute powerpoint session, designed an app, and finished a first person shooter today, JUST so I could have this out to you guys. DEDICATION.)

(I'll be the one oozing brain fluid in the corner. :3)

###

(Oxygen POV)

The moment before battle. Everything stood still for a single second; we, receiving our orders and keeping our eyes glued to our opponents, and our trainers, surveying the scene from afar. The Haunter let out a chilling cackle, raising the fur on the back of my neck.

My breath materialized before me. Steady. Caution.

"Thunderbolt."

I dashed to the left, then the right, hoping to throw off whatever attack the Haunter was planning while trying to ensure I was close enough to attack. My entire core thundered with power, my tail swinging behind me like an old, old friend. I jumped, swinging my tail in an arc of electricity, and for a split moment, caught the Haunter’s expression.

I saw its eyes.

They were all around me, trapping me, filling up the corners of my vision, and trapping me in a glaring dome. They were beneath me, above me, judging me, condemning me, all in a mixture of mocking hatred. I roared, finishing my attack, and smashing the Haunter with the flat of my tail.

I landed on two of them. They were flat and bloodshot. The Haunter collapsed to the side, barely conscious, still giggling madly. The eyes watched us both carefully.

I ran over to finish him. An enormous nail emerged right before the Haunter, which it snatched eagerly in its decapitated hands.

"You may win," it said, "but my death will be your end."

And it shoved the nail between its own eyes, letting out a guttural scream before vanishing from existence.

Its eyes remained.

"Josh? Hello?" I asked. Only the eyes greeted me in turn, watching me.

Judging me.

"FIGHT ME!" I screamed, smashing my tail against the eyes on the floor, yielding no effect. I then crunched it against the wall, once again only succeeding in hurting myself. "What is this!? Fight me, don’t use these cheap tricks!"

"You only needed to asssk oncce." I whipped around to see an Arbok slithering towards me, mouth dripping with venom.

"What’sss gotten into you?"

###

(Josh POV)

Mean Look. Who teaches their Pokémon Mean Look?

Oxygen looked like he was screaming something, smashing his tail against imaginary walls. His mind was elsewhere – I couldn’t speak with him, or return him to his Pokéball.

Agitha’s Arbok slunk closer, eyeing Oxygen with a cautious gaze. With the Haunter’s Curse on him, I knew he wouldn’t last much longer. I only had a handful of restores left…

Can I afford to use one on Oxygen once this is all over?

He struck the Arbok. The Arbok returned his favor, sinking its teeth into his gray fur. He looked sickened now, taking the brunt of

Arbok’s the poison and the Haunter’s curse.

I revived Myst, biting my lip as I watched the fight unfold.

###

(Oxygen)

"Auuuuugh!" I screamed as poison throbbed in my veins, and something stabbed through my core like a giant sword.

No, it was a nail. A huge, massive, rusty nail.

"Sseems I have my work cut out for me." The Arbok coiled in preparation to strike. "Sssplended."

I flipped to the side, the nail still protruding from my chest like a symbol of death. The Arbok missed and hit the business end of my tail, convulsing as a few hundred volts lit him up like a firework. He recoiled, hissing venom, and sneaked back cautiously.

I gurgled as the nail slid deeper, causing a pinkish foam to ooze out of my mouth.

It’s only an attack. This can’t kill you…

My thoughts were little respite when I was physically seeing myself impaled. I coughed violently as my vision began to fade, dark spots threatening to steal away my sight.

"Here, mousssey, mousse…" the Arbok cooed from somewhere in the shadows. His natural scales hid him well against the sea of glaring eyes, and I couldn’t make him out at all. My fists glowed orange in frustration.

"Boo!" he shouted behind me. I spun around and smashed my fist against a green barrier, causing it to pulse in retaliation to my strength. The Arbok merely smiled, safe within his shield.

The nail convulsed one last time. It felt like something snapped within me, causing me to loose all will to fight, to win, to be. I fell to the floor lifelessly, Hauntor’s words echoing in my mind.

My death will be your end.

###

(Myst)

I pushed my hair to the side angrily. Fool me once…

"Ah, look. Another sssnack." The Arbok grinned cruelly, its oversized fangs arching out of its mouth.

It blocked my first Dark Pulse. It didn’t block the second.

"Good work." Josh said.

I shot him a dubious look. "Beating a slower, weakened opponent after fainting?"

"Well. I didn’t know he had Focus Blast either; that was more my fault than yours."

"No, it was hubris on my end." I growled. "I should’ve went in with an illusion, like I always did. I was careless. It won’t be a mistake I’ll make again."

"Glad to hear. Luckily the rest of this fight should be simple; I doubt she has another Pokémon capable of-"

“Go, Gingar!”

Both Josh and I cursed simultaneously.

###

My illusion exploded into fragments as the Gingar’s focus blast reverberated across the stage.

"Quick! Send me back into the Pokéball!" I screamed.

"No! You can do this."

I grit my teeth, focusing on two other illusions. There was no doubt in my mind that I could do it, only if I would be able to do it.

There is a way to solve every puzzle of course, though puzzles become trickier when the punishment for a single failure is unconsciousness, and there is a rather strict time limit.

I sent a pulse of darkness at the Gingar, which caused him to violently explode into purple fragments.

"What?"

The shards reformed, but a significant portion was missing: most of his upper body, half his face, and both his arms. He stood broken, with a haunting, crooked smile.

"My turn." He looked directly into my eyes, which should never happen when you’re invisible. The Gingar opened his mouth, revealing another orange bolt.

"Quickly! Sucker Punch!"

Faster than I had ever moved before, I felt myself colliding with the broken Gingar. It wasn’t already until the attack hit when I realized Josh’s mistake. I had never been one for physical attacks, and I doubted my punch would do little more than anger the ghast.

My fist smashed against its form, causing the Gingar to further shatter like glass shards, splintering against the shadowed ground. I punched a whole directly in its stomach, right under most of its smile. It laughed, one last time, than collapsed in on itself, covering the ground in a pile of purple crystal.

"It…worked?" I blinked, looking at my fist with disbelief.

"Eighty percent chance of success." Josh smirked. "I was willing to take that."

*407*2014-05-14 18:29

(Static POV)

"All right. Let’s finish this!" Electricity crackled around me, bringing the stage to life. Agitha sent out one of those purple bat things that I fought at the poison gym, way long ago.

"Standard set." Josh smiled. Hah, how long has it been since he’s said that?

“A Pikachu. Interesting.” The Crobat hovered in the air. “I haven’t seen your kind here before. Your trainer must be brave or a fool to be using your kind in a battle such as this.”

“Fight me, you overconfident purple Twinkie!”

Faster than a bullet, the Crobat swooped down with poison trailing off his wings like fire. I smashed my paws right before he hit, causing his wings to lock up at the perfect moment. He spiraled and crashed into the stage, his wings crumpled at awkward angles.

I bolted the purple mess. Right before it hit, he shot back into the air, his previous injuries seemingly erased.

"Augh! What are you!?" I cried, sending arcs of electricity at the purple blur, all missing by an infuriatingly small margin as he twisted and curved in the air.

"Double jointed, mouse!" He cackled, swiping my cheek with a wing.

Augh...

"Concentrate!" Josh ordered. "You’re doing fine! You’ll knock him out far before you’ll have to worry about the poison."

I grit my teeth, and fired another bolt of electricity at the Crobat, which it swiftly dodged. I took aim and fired again, yet a green shield deflected my blow, all while Crobat mocked me from the air.

"Isn’t this exciting?" He sneered.

I could feel my body weakening as the poison took its toll. I winced, and for a split moment took my eyes off the purple bat.

He smashed into me full force, ricocheting off like some kind of insane stone. I flew backwards, catching a glimpse of him scream as electricity caused his wings to lock up in place.

"W-what!? You never hit me!" He cried, smashing into the ground again, his wings useless. I blasted him with all my electrical frustration as he convulsed helplessly in place. He stopped struggling, and collapsed unconscious."

"Namesake…" I grinned, tired yet pleased with myself. The battle was won. We did it.

###

(Josh POV)

Agatha simply smiled.

“No words of wisdom?” I prompted.

She shrugged. “You already listen to those around you. One who is ignorant to others would not have beaten me. I am not so arrogant to believe that my ways are the best; If that were so I would not be third in line to the champion. I simply believe they are key in the achievement in itself.”

I thought on this. All the gym leaders favored a certain type, and valued an ideal above all others. What were my ideals that I fought with? What was my strategy? Do I utilize more than one?

“Thank you.” I bowed.

“It was a pleasure to meet you, Josh Karren.” Agatha smiled, revealing yellowish brown, rotted teeth. The arena around us faded to normal, and we appeared in a large cave entrance. Outside stood a magnificent coliseum, truly fit for a battle of the gods. Marble columns and carvings of battles complemented the aweing entrance, a massive, gothic archway. A hum seemed to fill the air; a promise of a glorious battle, at the hands of my once-idol.

“What are you waiting for?” Agatha prompted, motioning to the coliseum. “It’s waiting for you.”

###

Lance. Dragon Master. I shivered with anticipation as I walked up the coliseum’s marble steps; what would it be like to battle the man I used to dream to be?

Somewhere in my pack, I still had his autographed copy of ‘the field guide to Pokémon’, which, while it was outdated and somewhat biased, was still one of the best guides to Pokémon research to date.

Static squealed beside me. "Can I go first? Do you think he’ll send out Hydra? I could totally take Hydra if he sent it out!"

Hydra was Lance’s Gyarados, one of his prized Pokémon. Lance was the only member of the Elite Four to go public, and his regard towards his Gyarados, along with his affinities towards dragons, caused Gyarados to be mislabeled as a water and dragon type in more than a dozen different sources. Lance was humble, but he relished the spotlight like an old friend, giving hints in battle and encouraging new trainers with tips and advice.

"Certainly." I laughed. Static bounced in place, giggling with eagerness. "Though we’ll likely have to go through another traumatic experience before facing him."

Though my heart pounded with excitement, it was also heavy with anxiety. I had chosen to revive Oxygen, which only left me with two revives left. Lance would be a difficult battle, and the Champion would likely be even more ferocious. My resources were dwindling.

We all stepped into the coliseum. Lance sat on a throne across from us, leaning against one side with his legs comfortably crossed. His signature maroon cape draped around his shoulders, and tumbled down to the shimmering, polished floor below. He wore a pleased smile, and his arms rested slacked to his sides.

"Greetings." Lance thought quietly, with an air of sophistication and nobility. "I am Lance, dual masters of both the Elite Four, and of Dragons themselves."

"What about the challenge?" I blurted out.

Lance looked me over. "You’re already here, aren’t you? What more could I teach you that you don’t already know? You’ve overcome every challenge before you, and stand proudly before me, ready to battle. I need to challenge to test you. I know you’re worthy."

I frowned, a bit perturbed. I was looking forward to test. "Every other Master before you had a test, which helped show their ideals."

Lance laughed. "Whatever ideals I hold are likely wrong, trainer, and I wouldn’t want to do you the disservice of forcing them upon you."

What?

"W-what do you mean?" I stumbled. "You’re the Master of the Elite four! You can’t mean you’ve been put here by mistake! I’ve seen you battle before! I’ve studied your strategies in school. You’re a prodigy!"

Lance smiled at my praise, but shook his head. "Yet still only second in line to the best trainer in Kanto. Whatever ideals I hold, they are incomplete. If I have any lesson, it is this: Learn. Better yourself. One day, I believe I will defeat the Champion, and take her place. One day, I believe I will beat everyone, and I will not just be the Champion of Kanto, but the world." Lance stood up, his cape sweeping behind him like a desperate fan. "But that will not be until I have mastered every detail, and refined every ideal I have into an art!"

The marble flooring splintered below us as the ground suddenly boomed with power. A spider web of cracks demolished the smooth marble floor, and an unholy roar reverberated throughout the arena.

Lance laughed, madly. "Are you ready to begin then, trainer?"

"Born ready!" Static cried at my side, cheeks crackling in preparation. The ground shattered in a blast of foam and marble as a Gyarados reared its head, making the Onix we fought before look like a children’s toy. The Gyarados was five men wide, and nearly forty feet in length, and, true to its name, had two other heads protruding from either side, each just as ferocious.

"Hydra! Use Thrash!"

"Static!" I cried, grinning manically. "Standard set!"

*410*2014-05-23 03:18

{{: 

I came for the omo, and stayed for both it and the impressive story you've made. Honestly, I was enthralled from the start with this thread/story you've made and I'm really glad you're writing it - I look forward to more of it in the future. (i hope there is some omo at some point after this serious part of the plot ends, though)

}}

{{:

Agree with Zangoose entirely. Extremely well written.

}}

(I love you all. If it weren't for stuff like this, I would've given up as a writer long ago. This really does mean the world to me.)

(Also, don't worry, they'll be omo soon enough, after plot shenanigans! "3)

(Static POV)

“Chaaa!”

“GYAAAARAAAAAA!”

I raced to the side as one massive head swing down, crumbling the ground, and sending me flying through the air. I latched on one of the heads spines, and it roared in anguish, trying to swallow me whole.

I smashed my paws together, in an attempt to stun the beast, but if it even moved I didn’t notice. One of the other heads smashed into the first, its ten foot teeth glistening right in front of me. With one firm hand latched onto a spine, I fried the opposing head. It screamed in agony, turning black as charcoal before collapsing.

The other two heads roared in outrage. The head I was on began to death-spiral, twisting and churning like hellfire. I flew off and cracked my spine into a column, which the other head promptly obliterated with a Hyper Beam.

"Shit!" I screamed, a ten foot hole burned into the now smoking column. With nothing to support that section of the roof, it crashed down on the left head. The brilliant ceiling splintered, and the head roared, more out of annoyance than pain.

Both heads then dove at me in sync. I jumped in the air just as they both collided, the left head dazed by the blow, but the right significantly more furious than pained. I dove onto the dazed head in a split second choice, just as the right head bit into the left, swinging it like a broken arm. I flew off, then got crunched by the full brunt of the left head, and fell to the floor.

Wincing, I tried to hold my weight with a shaky paw. I felt the familiar burn of Josh’s mind as it raced with calculations as I lifted myself to a low crouch. I was bad, even after just one hit.

The left head was all but out of the count. Its eyes were disoriented and pained, yet the right head looked completely unharmed.

It lunged. I dove to the left, blasting it with electricity right down its throat. The head cringed as it fried with electricity, and collapsed onto the left head. The left head sunk its teeth into the right, trying to hold the right up, but failing. At last, the entire beast fell, crumpled by its own massive weight.

I held up my fist, panting with exertion.

Hah. I can’t believe I won.

###

(Josh POV)

Lance motioned to the right, and a Slowking waddled into view.

"Is that your next Pokémon?"

Lance smirked. "No, he’s just here for repairs. This place is built for battles, and is usually destroyed after each one. Just give him a moment."

The Slowking pulsed with energy, and slowly, the broken coliseum began repairing itself. Stone fit back with stone, and the spider webs of cracks vanished before my eyes. The floor was now once again polished and smooth, and the ceiling was…well, at the top of the gym again, supported now by the stable columns.

The Slowking held out a hand expectantly, and Lance dropped a large chunk of gold in its extended paw. "Thank you."

The Slowking grunted in response, and waddled away.

Lance shot me a mischievous grin. "Usually I only pay him after battles, but it seems like you can hold your own in response to destructive tendencies. This battle’s going to cost me a mint. Make it worth my time, Trainer." Lance flipped up an Ultraball from his belt, and spun it expertly on his finger. "Go, Dragonair!"

"Go, Nova!"

###

(Nova POV)

"Welcome to our arena, brother." The Dragonair rose slowly, her body coiling and uncoiling in preparation for battle. "I can feel your passion, and your ferocity."

"Brother?" I tilted my head "You see me as a Dragon?"

"I see it in your blood. It burns with the truth of my kin." The Dragoniar smirked.

"Outrage." Josh ordered. "End this before it begins."

I am Vortex.

The Dragonair’s form began to blur, and her flawless blue skin took on an ethereal glow.

I am Dragonfire. I am unquenchable, and indestructible.

Iridescent claws grew out of my knuckles, and my eyes took on a similar sheen. Before I could move to strike, the Dragonair vibrated violently, then struck me from halfway across the stage with its entire body. I blasted backwards, through the remade column, causing it and the ceiling to chatter like glass. A huge chunk of cement smashed into me, knocking the wind out of my lungs and trapping me under rubble.

"Get up!" Josh ordered.

With both hands, I threw the chunk of concrete off myself, and roared in frustration. The Dragoniar recoiled in surprise, but not before I caught her with my claws, blasting her across the stage and two feet into the solid marble wall.

She stumbled out, dazed, but conscious.

"I will end you!" I screeched, tearing across the stage to finish my prey.

"As if you could!" She screeched in return, her eyes taking on a similar white glow. She twisted suddenly, her tail striking me in the gut with the same draconic force I had honed within myself. I crashed against the floor, my wings bent at an awkward angle.

I heard no sound.

I felt nothing, save for one, solitary thought.

Revenge.

For no one slights a dragon.

###

(Josh POV)

Nova’s eyes turned a terrifying red, and shards of marble rose into the air as he bellowed the deepest, most terrifying roar I’ve ever heard.

"Nova! Get a hold of yourself! Focus!" I commanded. I could feel my thoughts being blocked by sheer force of will; my fear was confirmed. The Outrage had taken hold.

“ZAAAHH!” He howled, turning to face the Dragoniar, with both his arms wielding the same iridescent glow I recognized as uncontrolled power. The Dragonair struck, yet he caught it with supernatural speed, and smashed her like a flail into the floor. She rose a meek head just to catch the back of his foot as he stomped down, finishing her for good.

He roared at Lance directly, as if to challenge his next Pokémon as well.

"Nova! Return!" I commanded, but he just roared back, completely disregarding my orders. He was wild now; unrestrained.

"If you so please!" Lance grinned, throwing out another Dragonair. "You surprise me, trainer! Not all are bold enough to command the primal forces of Dragons!"

The Dragonair was bigger than the first, and eyed Nova with a mixture of curiosity and condescension.

Nova charged, completely in the offensive. The Dragonair rose it’s body and tensed, taking the full force of Nova’s attack without moving.

"See where your foolishness has left you!" The Dragonair cried, opening his mouth wide and engulfing half of Nova in his open maw. He crunched down, shaking Nova like a rag doll before throwing him across the stage, and onto the cold, unforgiving floor.

He didn’t get up.

Augh…

I returned Nova to his Pokéball, while Lance just stared heavily into the arena, his eyes burning with passion and intensity, matching the waves of his cape. His Dragonair roared, as only dragons could, shaking me to my core. Yet, his eyes too shone like Nova’s…

"Shall we go dragon slaying?" Skarr taunted, raising an eyebrow.

"Indeed." I nodded, and Skarr flew to the stage.

###

(Skarr POV)

Chiiiiing!

The Dragonair ricocheted off me hard, spiraling off my body and smashing itself into the floor with a crazed, reddish glare. She howled again, a perfect, butterfly’s kiss of purple leaking down her otherwise flawless aquian skin.

She smashed into me again, bouncing off me only to strike once more. "Die, damn you!"

"Feeling a bit headstrong, are we? I’ll wait for you to settle back down." I smirked, healing myself for the meager amount of damage I was taking, more out of habit than necessity. "Don’t worry, I have all day."

She smashed into me again, roaring loudly as my metal exterior failed to yield to her brute force. I scoffed as she howled, and tried again.

"Had enough?" I smirked, spreading my wings wide and opening myself up for another attack.

She faltered, wincing as the red faded from her eyes. Dragoniar panted, her eyes now a dull, hatred-stained pink. "Eat hellfire."

I spiraled out of the way, taking only a fraction of the blast of fire as they charred the floor, melting a clear hole through the thick stone. My right wing was fried, but not useless yet!

I felt another burst of heat as I curved sharply to my left, my wings scratching the ground as I took off.

Josh cheered from the slide-lines. "Feeling brave?"

"You’re insane!" I cried in return, laughing senselessly. I caught the Dragoniar preparing for another gout of fire; her chest swelling unnaturally in the intake of air.

"Don’t dodge! That’s your opening!"

"I can’t take a hit like that!"

"You have to!"

I winced, diving downward just as she shot the next torrent of fire, and I took the attack in full. Flames burned into the red of my wings, and smoke trailed off the now burning feathers.

My burning body crunched into the Dragoniar, knocking whatever fight was left in her out. She fell to the floor, and I fell with her

"Get up."

I tried to push myself up with a burning wing, faltered, and fell back down.

"Come on, Skarr. Don’t play with me like that."

I coughed ashes, my reddish skin burned black, glaring at Josh with a charring gaze. "Don’t ever make me do that again, you fool." I grinned, finally mustering the strength to stand.

Josh laughed victoriously. "That’s the Skarr I know!"

I glided to the sidelines, watching eagerly as Lance drew another Pokéball off his belt.

"Go, Aerodactyl!"

"Go, Oxygen!"

*411*2014-05-30 04:02

(Oxygen POV)

"Thunderbolt!"

I swung my head around, but saw nothing to hit. The stage was devoid of anything but me, save for broken stone and shattered columns.

"What do I hit!?" I screamed back, muscles coursing with frustrated, unused electricity.

The stone around me rumbled, and two red eyes gleamed from under the rubble. I blasted the area instantly, but just as soon as I saw him, he disappeared.

"Double Team!"

I split myself in fourths with each illusion guarding a different side. The ground rumbled all around me, along with a primeval roar;. a roar that shook me at an instinctual level, that told me to run, to flee, and to leave everything behind.

Like everything else, I paid it no heed.

“Face me, beast!” I screamed, tail coiled in preparation. The Aerodactyl burst from the ground, shredding two of my illusions with his saw-like teeth.

His eyes shone like blood, and gleamed with the promise of a meal yet to be consumed. “Gladly!” He bellowed, flexing his wings, the rocks around him levitating with Ancient Power, and hurling themselves like cannonballs. The first crunched against my core, knocking me prone against the fractured floor. My tail swung behind me, swirling around the second rock and lifting me up. I kicked off it and onto the third, from which I sent another blast of electricity at the winged fossil. He cringed, his eyes turning brilliant white. The sun dimmed in the sky as all the light was absorbed into the Aerodactyl, and he gave a chilling, crooked smile.

"Double team, NOW!"

A blast of white energy blasted right into me, sending me flying through the air, through the ceiling, and out of the arena itself. Out of blind instinct, my tail flung out and caught a stray ledge of the ceiling, and swung me back down, smashing me into the floor. There was a body-sized dent now with me as the main attraction sprawled out like a murder victim with my tail uselessly draped over my immobile body.

"Send out your next Pokémon, trainer." Lance prompted.

I smashed my fist into his precious polished floor to signify I wasn’t out yet. My chest heaved with the effort, but I pushed myself up from the floor. Bits of light that had returned from the world began to trickle away as I glared at my foe. He was paralyzed by his attack, fatigued and forced to regain his strength after such a powerful blow.

Unable to dodge.

"Hyper Beam!"

“Raaaai!” I screamed, blasting him with the same ancestral force in anger and pure poetic justice. It tore through the rock face, and blasted into him, crumpling the once ancient beast.

“And that’s how we do it…” I panted, content at last.

###

(Josh POV)

I wasn’t unaware of the state of my team. Nova was knocked out, Static, Overdose, and Skarr were barely conscious, and Myst not only was at a disadvantage, but would likely also get knocked out in a single hit. I only had one Pokémon still able to hold his own; if Mew fell, it might spell the end.

I clutched one of my two remaining revives shakily in my hand. One would have to be used on Nova, should we win this battle. That left only one…

"Go, Mew!" I commanded, mind still whirring with calculations. I was glad that he was the last; though I trusted Static more, I knew what Mew was capable of. If anyone was going to be our last line of defense, I wanted it to be him.

"Impressive!" Lance leaned back in his throne, eyeing the pink Ancient. Mew curtsied, and giggled musically. "I trust this Mew was captured through trust and persuasion, and not through trickery?"

"‘This Mew’?" Mew tiled his entire body inquiringly. "You assume there’s more than one?"

"I know your secrets." Lance smirked back.

"You’ll have to tell me sometime." Mew flitted. "And I captured him I’ll have you know."

"How often that happens." Lance’s eyes glazed in thought as he rubbed his fingers over his last, polished Ultraball, and then his eyes fell on me. "Dragons are sacred and legendary creatures born from the power of the Ancients. It is fitting this last dual will test how far each has come. Go, Dragonite!"

The Dragonite was large, maybe ten feet in length. She stood composed and graceful, with a knowing smirk. Unlike the others, she didn’t inspire fear, though I knew logically one of those claws could take off my head.

No, the way she stood was almost…elegant.

"It has been far too long since I have had the pleasure of battling worthy opponents." Her thoughts flowed like rivers, and washed over my mind with purity that a pokespeak could not begin to equal. "It will be my honor to defeat you and your team."

###

(Mew POV)

"Ice beam!"

The ice had already shot out of my paws, and struck true at the heart of the Dragonair. I felt Josh’s satisfaction as not only my attack hit, but as the Dragonair froze in place.

Then, the Dragonite simply stepped out of the ice, as if it were empty air.

"Like I said," Lance stretched on his throne, watching the battle unfold, "I know your tricks."

The Dragonite held up her arms, and massive draconic heads materialized into existence, each deafening my ears with their thunderous roars. She danced between the heads, seemingly absorbing their power as she flung herself through the ghosts of her ancestors.

"Ice beam again!" Josh commanded desperately.

My paws hummed with power in preparation to strike, but my body betrayed that order and convulsed in place as an unseen energy bound itself to my form.

"Aaargh!" I screamed uselessly, the ice dissolving in my paws.

"One weakness." The Dragonite clenched its fists, her eyes glowing blue. "And everyone seeks to exploit it. You do realize I can defend myself against one attack?"

"You have more than one weakness." I snarled, binding her with the same energy she bound me. Her eyes widened as her wings locked to her sides, and her arms flailed outside her control.

"N-no!" She cried, jerking towards me and slashing me with a multicolored claw. I blasted her back with artic energies, and at last she fell.

I would always remember Lance’s expression; the way he never looked phased through the entire battle, and the way that, when I won, he just smiled and said "Well played, trainer."

###

(Josh POV)

"What does this mean for you?"

Lance gave me a questioning look.

"What happens now?" I asked.

"Now? You head through the final door, and face the Champion of the Elite Four. The Fifth Master, and the leader of-"

"No, for you." I frowned. "Does this mean…you…lose? You lose your position in the Elite Four?"

Lance smiled a true, genuine smile. As strong and experienced as he was, he never showed an ounce of arrogance. In this, it almost seemed as if I told an amusing joke, and not as if he was laughing at my ignorance.

"No. Much like with the gyms, these trials are all heavily regulated. For me, this fight was merely for amusement, even if for you it was meant as a rite of passage. I am the last member of the Elite Four because I am the second most powerful trainer in Kanto. My Pokémon – my dragons – are powerful beyond measure, but alas, I am not permitted to use them in this area." He shrugged. "I, much like our Champion, am restricted to using the Pokémon I first fought with to gain my position, not with the Pokémon I have now."

"So, with the Champion, I’m not fighting him at his best?"

"Her." Lance corrected. "And yes. Not even my dragons can defeat her when at full strength, but your task is only do defeat her with the Pokémon she used when she first became champion. Otherwise, no one would ever usurp her.

"Are you ready?" Lance stood from his chair, and walked beside me.

I gave him and odd look as I reached for my second-to-last revive. "Are you following me?"

"Yep. I wouldn’t want to miss this fight for the world."

"You have to root for me then." I grinned at the thought of my life-long idol cheering for me.

"Deal." Lance nodded, his arms crossed at his chest.

I revived Nova, and healed the others. One last, golden door stood ahead of us becoming us closer. Carved into the metal were past, glorious battles, full of narrow victories and crushing defeats. I stared at it for a long moment, mesmerized by the battles of old.

"This is it." Static whispered quietly, his hands drooped at his sides in awe.

"We can do this." Nova nodded.

Myst smirked. "We will do this."

"Damn right." Overdose ground one fist into its twin.

Skarr looked around. "Is everyone healed and ready?"

"Everyone is functioning appropriately." Mew nodded, a touch more solemnly than normal. I pressed my hand to the door, pushing it open without even a squeak from the ancient hinges.

"Good luck." Lance thought quietly behind us.

The room was dim, save for one, lone spotlight illuminating the middle of the room. Everything else was obscured, including the figure standing at the other end of the large, hollow chamber.

“You kept me waiting.” a voice purred as she stepped forwards, the light shining off her flawless auburn skin. “You should know I don’t idle well, Josh.”

My legs turned weak, and I felt my brain begin to fog as it processed what I was seeing. All I could do was stare aghast at the woman in front of me, my mouth meekly whispering in quiet, confused awe, “…Sandy?”

*416*2014-06-06 03:21

“That’s Alesandra to you.” Sandy smirked, spiraling around and flaunting her elegant maroon dress. “Who did you expect? You knew I beat the Elite Four when I was six; did you really think I had the foresight to turn down such a prestigious position as a child?”

I couldn’t move. I couldn’t think. How was this possible? Was all of this a ruse?

Was what we had…a ruse?

“Come now, Josh, pick up that attractive chin of yours and stare me in the eye.” Sandy pressed a finger to my jaw, forcing it upwards. “I’ve been waiting months for this battle; don’t disappoint me now.”

“I…can’t beat you.” I mumbled. My Pokémon shrunk back, aghast. “We’ve already proven this. You didn’t just beat me, you destroyed me. I…I have no chance against you.”

“Complements won’t get you the title of Champion.” Alesandra smirked, twirling her hair. “Though they are nice to hear. And you’re right; you would have no chance against me.”

That’s it then. I’ve lost. It’s over.

“Luckily, you’re not fighting me.”

I shot Sandy a questioning look. Behind me, I could hear Lance chuckle.

“In the same way the regulations forbade me from fighting with the Pokémon I’ve obtained in my time here,” Lance began, “They forbid Alesandra. In essence, you have to defeat her while she’s using the Pokémon she used to beat the Elite Four originally, all those years ago.”

I turned to Lance. “So, you’re saying…”

Sandy smirked. “Yes. You have to defeat the Pokémon I used when I was six, or at least, the power levels of the Pokémon I used.”

Lance scrunched his face. “That’s not accurate. You have to use the exact Pokémon-”

“I’m the Champion.” Alesandra laughed, catching Lance off-guard. “I can tweak the rules if I want.” Lance had no comeback, and leaned against the wall, scowling. “Well, Josh? Do you think you can beat the six year old me?”

I glowered at the mask of my lover. “We’ll perform our best, as always.”

“Such a lack of confidence!” She scoffed, moving away from the spotlight. Tiny blue lines shone across the floor, and seemed to follower her as she moved, begging for her attention. “No goading me? No jests of how you’ve already bested me once, when we first met all those months ago? At least Static is growling; where are your fangs, Josh?”

“Hubris won’t get me anywhere.” I spat.

“Hah!” Sandy laughed, the blue lights pulsing at her sudden burst of sound. “Hubris will get you everywhere. Confidence is the only skill you can fake and still have, and there is more strength in pride than modesty.”

“You will look glorious as your wings burn against the heat of the sun.”

“A better existence than those doomed to life on the ground.” Alesandra’s eyes shone with the mysterious blue light across the stage. “At birth, I was doomed to the life of a shadow. How could a girl with no father possibly outshine her mother, a Brain? Left to her own devices, alone with no support?

“Because there is strength in weakness. Our vices give us more fortitude than any lone ideal, and even as a child, my pride is what got me this far. It is what forced me to battle against foes far stronger than myself, it is what allowed me to beat and claim the title of Champion, and it has secured me with power, prestige, and everything I desire, yourself included.”

“I’m honored to be welcomed in your twisted power fantasy.”

She smirked as I glared holes through her disgusting façade. “Unfortunately, our relationship does pose a small problem: am I emotionally inclined to let you win simply because we are romantically involved?” She moved behind some dark object, her torso barely taller than the odd, protruding shape.

“You delight in cruelty!” I balked. “You love draining the last sap of vigor from a trainer before you destroy them! You would never willingly lose a battle.”

“True, but nevertheless, I invited the members of the Elite Four here to act as judges to ensure that I don’t show any…favoritism. Fairness, and all of that.”

She gave me a small, condescending sneer as the blue lights shone on the floor around her feet. The light was dim, but I could make out desks towards the edges of the walls, each hosting a member of the Elite Four, save for Lance who stood by the back wall, grimacing.

“Vices are things to be fought! They blind us from truth, and harm the good that is within us. Self-growth cannot be gained until one controls their demons!”

A twisting, hydrophonic scratch echoed through the dark room, and the blue lights flickered in unison. With the burst of light, I recognized what Sandy was standing behind.

Her turntable.

“Our demons give us strength, strength to do the impossible, strength to concur whatever lies before us, whomever lies before us.” She winked before reverberating one of her disks yet again, the blue lights fluctuating in rhythm. “Face me, lover, and let us see if you are worthy of your demons! Go, Gluttany!” Alesandra commanded, an ultraball spiraling through the air, revealing a familiar Wigglytuff.

"Just like old times, Eh?" Static grinned, his cheeks crackling in preparation for battle.

###

(Static POV)

“Go, Static!”

Duh.

Wiggly was bigger than I remember. Before I was taller than her, not counting our ears, but now she was almost twice my height, nearly the size of Sandy.

She also had a pouch, just like a Chansey, filled to the brim with food and snacks.

"Fighting set!" Josh commanded. "Just like the first fight. No mercy!"

Just as commanded, I raced up and smashed my paws together, stunning the giant mass of pink fluff. My fist followed, smashing her in the chest.

Her chest absorbed the blow, and she didn’t move.

"Hahaha!" She laughed, grabbing a bag of chips from her pouch and downing the entire thing in one, massive gulp, plastic and all. "I’m not the weakling you use to know, Statie!"

She ballooned in size again, dwarfing Sandy, and grinning at me with now massive seafoam eyes. "Come get me, mousey mouse!"

I kicked off the floor and slugged her in the stomach, but she used my momentum to catch me, and thump me with her other stumpy paw.

Thwack!

"Hah!" I snorted, "You call that a-"

Thwack!

"Aah, okay, m-maybe-"

Twack!

She hit my muzzle hard that time, snapping my neck backwards, and causing my vision to blur. I couldn’t escape her grasp, or fail to notice her seafoam eyes had turned a sickly shade of red.

Twack!

"W-Wiggly…" I winced, "Why? Don’t you want us to win? Don’t you want us to be together, Josh with Sandy and me with you? Stop this…"

"That’s the thing about gluttony, Stat." Her hollow voice echoed inside my mind. "I can’t stop."

Twack!

With the last blow she released me, and I tumbled across the stage dazed my vision threatening to give, with black spots fading in and out of view and stealing bits of sensation. Was I standing? Had I already fainted?

"S-static, return!"

Half-numb, I stumbled back to Josh and leaned against his leg for support, panting heavily. Wiggly looked like she hadn’t even been hit, and laughed at my condition from across the stage.

"What’s wrong, Josh?" Sandy cooed, a low, modulated bass humming behind her. "Not going to finish what you’ve started?"

"I’m…sorry…" I attempted to transmit.

Josh shook his head. "Don’t be. You did your best; it’s not your fault. Don’t worry – it’s far from over."

Wiggly gave Josh a wide, unnerving smile. "Who’s next for me to squish, Joshy-Josh?"

"Go, Skarr!" Skarr nodded curtly and zoomed to the stage.

"Awwww." Wiggly sighed, her arms drooping. "You’re no fun."

Skarr matched her demented smile, drawing a poisoned feather like a switchblade. "I’m going to pop you like the crazed blimp you are."

###

(Skarr POV)

Wigglytuff bashed her foot into me, violet venom dribbling down the slice in her brow. I flinched and healed myself just as another paw crunched into my core, doubling me over and forcing me into the air.

For a moment, the battlefield was still. Wiggltuff reached inside her pouch and grabbed a fistful of some type of sticky pastry and shoved it down her maw, the wounds of poison closing on her fur. The poison wouldn’t go away that easily, but it would buy her time.

Time I wasn’t sure I had.

"Josh!" I thought over the electronic reverberation of Sandy’s music, "I can’t heal! She-"

"I know. Keep to the air – you’ll have the advantage."

I swooped higher. Wiggly continued eating, growing even more immense as she gorged herself on a mixture of food and air. It was terrifying – the more she ate, more elastic she became, and at any moment I was sure she could just float up and sock me in the jaw with that attack.

"Land and heal yourself, then attack her with Fly!" Josh commanded.

I’m not sure I’ll be able to take another punch from the ground…

I landed and instantly healed myself, and I noticed what Josh saw. Wiggly wasn’t growing to destroy me, she was eating just to stay alive. She could gorge herself enough so that the poison wouldn’t consume her, but that’s all she could do. If she attacked me, she risked fainting as well.

“Yah!” She screeched, seeing an opening and trying to take me down with her. I was faster, and swooped into the air with a riskily-gained second-wind. She had wasted her healing opportunity trying to attack me, and she would pay for it dearly.

“Skraaaaaaaa!” I cried, diving at her from the air and slicing her with my steel wings. It wasn’t much, but it was enough. She toppled belly-up, her eyes vacant and deflated.

"Think you can do another round?" Josh asked.

"Definitely." I nodded.

Sandy shook her head disdainfully and plucked her second ultraball of five from her belt. "Go, Wrath!"

###

(Josh POV)

Her Infernape rattled, agitated with the lack of orders. It was the same Infernape I had used to fight against her, a few months prior. Its eyes darted back and forth with a crazed intensity; barely restrained rage. Her hands clenched with fire, blazing with mastery as she silently convulsed in place.

"Skarr, use To-"

Wrath blind-sided Skarr in a blur of motion, smashing his feet together causing Skarr to flinch backwards, then comboing into a series of blazing punches and kicks. Skarr’s wings flashed with venom, but Wrath pushed his wings aside, impervious to Skarr’s attempts at escape. The entire battle took seconds. Skarr lost consciousness half way through the slaughter, and crumpled to the floor once the Infernape chose to stop punching.

Wrath sighed, not even close to sated. Her eyes burned into me, as if to challenge me personally to battle. She looked ferocious and uncontrolled, but she wasn’t the only one that could harness that energy.

"Go, Nova!"

*421*2014-06-12 20:16

(Hey guys...no chapter this week; I've been busy trying to care for my grandfather, who has recently been diagnosed with brain cancer. I'll have it up by next week, I just didn't want to half-ass a chapter for you guys and throw it up when I know it wouldn't be my best work. I'll have one next week. Sorry...)

