A Day of Desperation

Author: HoneyBunny

*000*2012-04-01 21:54

Yami sat in his fifth period class, the class right after lunch. He was trying not to fall asleep, since it was the most boring period of the day -- science. The teacher ranted on about her lesson, and Yami's mind drifted to Yugi. Yugi had promised him they would have a little fun later on in the day...

"Now, class, open your textbooks to page 599 and we will begin our water unit..." Water? Yami felt his bladder twinge, signaling that it was full. He thought of what he had to drink; a bottle of water, two cartons of milk, and several sodas after having a contest with Joey. Oh dear.

He shifted a little in his seat, trying to ease the slight pressure. It worked for a while, but ten minutes later, the pressure grew. It was dull, and he could still ignore it, but it was nagging him. He shifted again and forced himself to pay attention to the teacher.

"A single drop of rain water can soon grow into a puddle, and then a lake..." Yami groaned, this was NOT the lesson he wanted to hear about. The image of water falling to the ground tortured him. He crossed his legs under the desk and bit his lip, trying his best to ignore his bladder.

The period let out thirty minutes later. During the time, the teacher had popped a tape into the TV the room had and had the class watch a documentary about waterfalls, rivers, lakes, rain, and so on. Yami had to claw at his seat to keep from screaming. When the bell rang, he rushed out of his class and to the bathroom. Finding the one for males, he dashed into the bathroom...and gasped. The stalls were taken, as were the urinals. The sound of pee hitting the porclain didn't help him, either.

I'm gonna be late, he thought. WIth a groan, he bolted out of the bathroom and to his next class -- social studies. He ran inside just as the bell rang. He took his seat and sighed. Running didn't help his full bladder.

"Today, we're going to watch a movie about the Nile River..." the teacher started. Yami moaned -- why did every teacher had to choose THAT day to do lessons about water?

The movie was agonizing. It took the entire hour, and second after second was about water -- how it was cleaned, how people baathed in it, how people swam in it, and so on. To Yami, it was just torture.

His bladder was sending stronger signals that it wanted to be emptied. He closed his eyes and squirmed in his seat, his hands clawing at his legs.

"Yami," the teacher boomed, "sit still! I can see you moving around from my desk!"

Yami quicky froze, started by the teacher's comment. It send a spurt of pee out of him, settling into his boxers. He clenched, stopping it. "No," he whispered to himself, "I can't wet myself, not in front of everybody!"

Finally, the agonizing movie was over, as well as the period. The bell rang, and kids swarmed out into the hall. Yami pushed his way the the bathroom again, hoping it was empty. To his dismay, he found a LINE -- since when did boys' bathrooms had lines for them?

He knew we woudn't be able to wait in line, so he went to his last period of the day -- math. He sat down in his chair and bit his lip. More pee was threatening to spill out of him and into his underwear.

Yugi was in his class this time, and sat at the opposite side of the room by the windows. He saw Yami's distressed look and felt worried. I hope he's alright, he thought.

Yami crossed his legs, trying to give his trembling member a break. His bladder was completely full, and he felt how full it was by running a hand over his stomach. His badder was visible, sticking out of his stomach and buldging into his shirt. He caught Yugi staring at him and smiled weakly.

"Can someone tell me how many cubic tons an ocean can hold...?" Yami wanted to scream. First the water growing into lakes and rivers, the Nile, and now this? How could he have three teachers that had a subject related to water?

A student went up and solved the problem. Yami crossed his legs even tighter and bit his lip again. Another spurt escaped him, even longer than the first one. He squirmed in his seat and forced himself to stop. He felt a wet spot, but luckily it didn't show on his blue pants.

"Yami," the teacher called, "can you solve this problem on the board?" The teacher wrote something having to do with the ocean, much to Yami's displeasure. Gulping, he slowly stood up and made his way to the board. On the way there, his bladder contracted, sending out a two--second spurt. He managed to stop it -- barely.

At the board, he quickly answered the problem and, thinking nobody could see him, grabbed his crotch to keep from leaking again. He shifted from foot to foot slightly, hoping nobody could notice his dilemma.

Unfortunately, Yugi noticed, and gasped. He has to go, he thought. Why doesn't he ask the teacher to let him go?

What he didn't know what that Yami didn't like to ask teachers such questions. Once, he asked to go, and the teacher denied. He barely made it to the bathroom when class let out, and students made fun of him for weeks.

Yami finished the problem and went back to his seat. Glancing at the clock, he saw that there was twenty minutes into class. Hopefully, he could last twenty minutes and then walk home. The school bathrooms probably would be closed by then, so he would just go home and use his bathroom.

Another spurt dripped out of him. He grabbed himself again, moaning softly. He prayed nobody could see him holding himself like a child who desperately needed to pee.

The minutes slowly ticked by, making class feel like forever. The bell rang finally, and everybody left. Yami was the last one out. Just as he made it out the doorway, the teacher called him. Cursing his bad luck, he turned to the teacher.

"Yes?" he said.

"Yami," the teacher said, "you've looked distracted all class. Is everything alright?"

Yami nodded. "Oh, I'm fine. I'm just in a hurry to get home."

His bladder suffered another spasm, leaking pee again. Yami gasped and clenched. It stopped, thankfully.

The teacher noticed. "Are you alright?"

"I'm fine."

The teacher sighed. "Alright, you can go now. You know where I'm at if you need me."

Yami thanked the teacher and ran out the classroom. As soon as he was in the hall, he grabbed himself with both hands. He heard flushing noises and ran past the bathroom. The line for them was even longer. Looks like it wasn't closed at all.

Still, he knew he wouldn't be able to wait, especially with the sound of water nearby. He continued running...until a strong hand grabbed him and pushed him into a locker.

"Wha...?" he cried, looking to see who his attacker was. Yugi.

"Y--Yugi, is that you?" he asked.

"Of course it's me," Yugi said. "What's with you? Why are you running around here like a lunatic?"

Yami didn't want to tell Yugi, who already knew what was wrong. Instead he smiled. "Nothing's wrong," he said.

Yugi smiled deviously and pushed Yami onto the lockers. WIth his free hand, he pushed onto Yami's bladder. Yami squeaked, his bladder giving way a little and letting out more pee. He brought his hand down to the tip of his member, pressing against it and cutting off the stream.

"Yugi, please don't do this," he begged.

Yugi ignored him and pressed more into his bladder while snaking his other hand down Yami's pants. He found Yami's hand and pulled it away, leaving the latter more desperate.

"Just let it go," he whispered while kissing Yami. Yugi's tongue danced with Yami's, while he played with Yami's "tool". Yami groaned and grinded himself into Yugi. He couldn't let go, especially since they were still at school. He wouldn't!

Yugi parted from the kiss and smirked. "Come on, I know you want to let it out, right? Don't you want to relieve the pain?"

Yami badly wanted to, but didn't let himself relax. What if somebody walked by and saw this?

Yugi seemed to understand what he was thinking of and moved his hand away. Yami sighed in relief, but it was cut short -- Yugi quickly slammed his hand into Yami's bladder. He started to spurt, and he thrust his hand back onto his crotch, but it was useless. The spurts quickly grew into a full--blown stream, soaking through his pants and dripping onto the floor. A puddle started to grow around their feet.

After a few minutes, Yami finished peeing. Yugi kissed him on the lips. "There," he said. "Was that so bad?"

Yami just grunted. He would get Yugi back -- as soon as they got home.

Please go easy on me guys, this is my first time writing omorashi. Thanks!

*004*2012-04-03 03:15

Thanks to all of you! I have a character named Aman that's going to be my victim.

