My first Fiction

Author: Imouto Bouquet

*000*2013-11-21 18:47

I’ve been lurking on these forums for a little while now, reading through the various pieces of submitted fiction texts, and now I think it’s time I gave it a go myself. This is my first Omo fiction writing, constructive criticism is gratefully accepted but there is to be no detrimental comments please. If the majority like this story, I may write some more with the same characters in, I’ve got a few more ideas about what I could include, but if you want anything specific, please do not hesitate to ask in the comments. Just before we begin, this story contains 13 year olds in desperation and wetting scenarios. If you dislike this, please abandon this thread.

Chapter 1

Beep, beep, beep! Chorused three alarm clocks in near perfect unison. Beep, beep, beep!

Next to these alarm clocks lay three beds in a line, nothing but a small bedside table separating each of them from being joined. The decoration of the room suggested three people with completely different personalities resided in this room. The room appeared to be divided into three equal sections, each section containing a radically different array of items than the other two. One third included various stuffed toys and Teddy Bears and a few Murder Mystery and Crime Drama books hastily put onto a Mahogany bookshelf with no apparent order or structure, some were placed on top of each other, others were placed side by side in some semblance to a line. It was obvious that whoever ‘owned’ this section of the room wasn’t a very organised person.

Another third of the room was the polar opposite to the previous; it was neatly kept with nothing littering the floor and not a single object out of place. This section included a bookshelf much like the one in the disorganised third but all the books on it were neatly aligned with Library-like order, separated alphabetically by the author’s surname. These books were of various genres: adventure, romance, comedy, fantasy, drama, sci-fi, the list goes on.

There was also a Laptop computer resting on the coffee table in the middle of this section, its screen were down but it was not switched off, a faint whirring noise indicated that it was in Sleep Mode. The last third of the room couldn’t have been any more different. Instead of a bookshelf full of books, it was instead full of various videogames and strategy guides, what little books survived on there were all of the ‘Steamy’ romance genre. A small 18” flat screen TV stood on a Glass TV stand, a Games Console rested underneath. There were no stuffed toys in this section of the room; instead there were various posters of the latest games to hit the stores on the walls. Clothes littered the floor in this third; the person who called this section their own must not really care about tidiness what so ever.

The alarm clocks continued their morning chorus until a small hand came out from under the pink, heart-print sheets of the bed to the furthest left. *Click* The other two alarm clocks continued their relentless attempt at waking up the other sleeping residents of this room. From the middle bed, with pink striped sheets covering it, another hand came up to stop the noise of another alarm clock. *Click* However, the third person was a little harder to wake up than the other two. Beep, beep, beep! The last alarm clock continued.

“Just a little longer…” came the mumbled reply of the last sleeping person.

Beep, beep, beep! Was the reply of the alarm clock. Irritated by the ongoing racket, the person in the middle bed stepped out. The girl had light brown hair, green eyes and was approximately 5 feet tall. She was wearing a white nightgown. She walked over to the sleeper’s bed and switched the alarm clock off. After that, she gave the person in the bed a good shake in an attempt to rouse them from their slumber.

“Come on, Casey, wake up already!” the girl shouted.

“Just a little longer…” was the barely audible reply.

“No, right NOW!” The girl shoved Casey out of the bed. This, and probably the impact she had when she hit the floor, woke Casey up. She was wearing a black t-shirt and some red shorts; she had chestnut brown hair and green eyes as well. When she stood up, she was about 1 inch taller than the other girl.

“What was that for, Carrie?!” she shouted at the girl in the white nightgown.

“It was the only thing that would actually wake you! You sleep heavier than a hibernating bear!” Carrie replied, clearly agitated.

“Morning already?” Came a quiet reply from the other end if the room, near the pink bed. Out of this bed rose a girl with ash blonde hair. She was dressed in a pink Nightgown. When she had finished rubbing the tiredness out of her eyes, she opened them. Like the other two, she also had green eyes. She was shorter than Carrie by about an inch or two.

“What gave that away, Cleo? The alarm clock or the loud thud of your lazy sister falling out of bed?” Carrie asked sarcastically.

“Shut up! Why can’t you just wake me up like a normal person would instead of practically flipping me out of the bed?!” Casey replied angrily.

“Well, if you slept like a normal person then maybe I wouldn’t have to resort to doing that?”

“8:25 already?” Cleo said while yawning sleepily. “Need to…hurry…” She fell back onto the bed and continued sleeping.

“8:25?! The bus comes in 15 minutes! We’ll be late for school!” Carrie exclaimed while shaking Cleo awake.

Cleo woke up and the mad rush to get ready for the bus ensued. This was a common occurrence in the Juniper household. Almost every Monday morning, the triplets, Casey, Carrie and Cleo, would wake up late and end up having to rush to catch the School Bus. They would take a quick shower, wolf down their breakfast and then run out of the door in a hurry to the Bus Stop just outside the Convenience store at the end of their street.

Once the initial rush had died down, the girls shoot by the door and got their shoes on. Casey, now wearing a light blue sleeveless hooded top and a white mini-skirt bend down to pick her shoes up.

“Penguin panties? Aren't you a little too old for them, Casey? You're meant to be 13, not 3” Carrie teased. Upon hearing what her sister had said, Casey quickly pulled her Blue trainer on and pushed the back of her skirt down.

“S-shut up! I was in a hurry, remember? I just grabbed the first clean pair of panties I saw.” Casey replied while blushing. “Anyway, that’s no better than what you are wearing. Stripes are meant to be slimming, is that why you are wearing striped panties, fatty?” She retorted.

“N-no, of course not!” It was no Carrie’s turn to blush. Carrie was far from fat, she was slim, like her sisters. But she was a little weight concious. like most teenage girls. Carrie was wearing a red and white checked dress with matching skirt and black formal buckled shoes.

“And isn't Cleo wearing Polka-Dot panties? That’s what primary schoolers wear.”

“I thought they were cute.” Was Cleo’s only reply. Cleo was wearing a pink dress and matching trainers.

“If we keep debating what panties we should and shouldn’t wear then we’ll be late for sure!” Carrie said while opening the door.

“Oh, yeah. I forgot about that.” Casey said and she ran out of the door.

“Bye, Mom!” They all shouted back and then Cleo closed the door behind her.

All the girls ran to the end of their street and just managed to catch the bus. Once on board, the all sat at the back of the bus. Carrie sat in the middle seat, Cleo to her immediate left and Casey in the seats facing the back of the bus.

“I can see your Penguin.” Carries said teasingly to Casey, who was sitting with her left foot resting on her right knee. Casey turned bright red and pushed the front of her Mini-Skirt down.

“Shut up! You’ll give people the wrong impression!” Casey replied with a mixture of embarrassment and anger.

“And you wouldn’t? If you sit like that, then, if there were people sitting back here, they could see everything up your skirt and they’ll probably think that you’re easy. Does the word ‘dignity’ mean anything to you?”

“Of course it does, there’s only us back here so I thought it would be okay to sit like that! But it turns out that you’re a panty pervert!” Now, Carrie started to blush.

“Don’t call me that! Do you have any idea how bad that must sound?”

“Only as bad as you made me sound when you pointed out that you could see my ‘penguin’. People might think that I’m going commando!”

The conversation was diverted when Casey saw that Cleo was fidgeting a little on her seat. “You alright there, sis?” Casey asked.

“Y-yes. I’m alright. I just…” Cleo replied, blushing a little.

“Just what?” Carrie asked.

“It’s just that… Ikindaneedtopee.” Cleo said, her voice no more than a whisper.

“Pardon?” Carrie questioned. “I didn’t quite catch that.”

“I kinda need to pee.” Cleo answered, whispering again. “I didn’t get a chance to go to the bathroom this morning.”

This statement reminded the other two that they, too, didn’t get a chance to use the bathroom. They were in so much of a rush it must have slipped their mind. A small twinge could be felt in their bladders, reminding them of their need.

“That’s okay, we can go when we get to school.” Carrie said, reassuringly.

Cleo was fidgeting a little more noticeably now. She could feel the pressure building up insider her bladder, making it hard for her to sit still.

“She might not manage until then, considering how much of a child she still is. She can’t sleep without her precious teddies inside her bed with her.” Casey taunted.

“Be quiet! She may be the youngest of us but that doesn’t necessarily mean that she’s childish!” Carrie retorted bitterly.

“I think I’ll manage.” Cleo said “How much longer until we reach the school?”

“About five minutes, you’ll manage that.” Carrie replied.

The bus went over a road hump and it jolted the whole bus. Because they were sitting at the back of the bus, the jolt was intensified. Cleo yelped and both her hands shot down to her crotch. She pressed them into her girlhood but that wasn’t quite enough, a small spurt escaped her vice grip and slightly dampened her polka-dot panties.

“You alright, Cleo?” Carries asked, worried.

“I think I leaked a little…” Came the reply from the blushing Cleo.

“I told you so, she won’t make it.” Casey gloated.

All Casey got as a reply was a blush from Cleo and an icy death stare from Carrie.

“What?” was all Casey could say to this non-verbal reply.

When Cleo believed that she had regained a bit of control over her internal golden lake, she hesitantly withdrew her hands from her damp crotch and returned to shuffling on her seat.

When they arrived at school. They left the bus, Casey leading, with Carrie in tow and Cleo shuffling along behind them. When they got into the school, they made a bee-line for the restrooms but were stopped by a teacher.

“Casey, Carrie and Cleo Juniper, barely on time as usual I see. There’s an assembly on now, so quickly make your way to the main hall as quietly as possible please.” The teacher said sternly. Cleo whimpered by started heading towards the main hall. Casey and Carrie followed suit.

The assembly was about the renovations being done on the P.E changing rooms. It included that they had been delayed due to lack of materials provided so they were behind schedule and won’t be finished with them until the end of the month. Throughout the assembly, Cleo was squirming around and practically bouncing on the spot. See Cleo in such desperation caused a chain reaction in both her sisters. Their need had intensified a little; it was no longer a niggling thing which they could easily ignore. The pressure inside their bladders had increased and they also started to shuffle around a little.

“How are you holding out?” Carrie whispered to Cleo.

“Not very well…” Cleo replied, a hand moving towards her crotch punctuated this statement. Cleo was beyond the point of just squirming relieving the pressure; she had to resort to a plug to prevent her warm golden fluids from overflowing her internal dam and escaping through her girlhood. The pressure inside her was further increasing, and increasing, and increasing…

A sudden wave of desperation stuck her dam with the force of a tidal wave. Cleo yelped, both hands jammed into her tender girlhood. “I’m gonna pee, I’m gonna pee, I’m gonna pee!” Cleo thought to herself. Another wave, another yelp and… Spurt! Another measure of her warm, golden liquids shot through her dam and hit her panties, making them damp again. Spurt! Another spurt, another trickle of her fluids hitting her panties with a hiss.

“Cleo!” Carrie whispered, slightly louder. “Don’t give in yet!”

“I can’t… I can’t…”

“Hold on! The assembly is nearly over!”

Another wave, this time, it felt like a tsunami on Cleo’s tired bladder muscles. “I can’t hold on any more! I’m gonna pee! I’m gonna pee!” Cleo thought to herself. She was fighting a losing battle; she couldn’t keep control in this state. “It’s coming out! It’s coming out!”

Hissssssssssssss….

Cleo could no longer hold back the relentless flow of golden juices. Her body leaned forward as her yellow liquids overflowed her dam and boke it down. The stream of liquid shot through her fingers and straight onto her polka-dot panties, drenching them. After a few seconds, her panties were not enough to staunch the unstoppable river of golden liquid, it started to pool underneath Cleo, making a golden puddle appear in her seat. Cleo’s skirt was hitched up, luckily, so it didn’t get it wet. After a few more seconds… Pitter patter, pitter patter, pitter patter. Drip, drip drip. Her golden juices started to overflow on the seat and drip onto the floor. Soon, the smell of urine could be smelt in the nearby area. All Cleo could do right now was cry. She had lost the fight with her golden fluid which was now pooling around on the floor beneath her

“Cleo…” Carrie whispered

No reply…

“I told you so!” whispered Casey

“Shut up!” Carrie said, slapping Casey on the face.

Cleo had lost. Soon, this would go around the whole school…

End of chapter 1

(Sorry if it seems long)

*002*2013-11-21 20:58

Thanks ^^

*005*2013-11-21 22:45

Thanks a lot guys! :D I'm glad you liked it. Not sure when Chapter 2 would be out, depends on when I get free time to write in between College assignments. Hopefully it'll be out within the next week or so. Many thanks for all of your positive feedback.

*007*2013-11-22 19:36

{{:

This is great! I always love long chapters, keep up the good work!

}}

Thanks ^^

On another note, I've started Chapter 2.

*009*2013-11-24 14:45

So, by request, here’s Chapter 2. If you want to know more about the triplet’s past and their ties to a certain girl, just ask and I’ll write a bonus chapter, if I tried to include it all in this chapter, it would de-rail the story a little. Sadly, this chapter includes no wetting accidents, it’s mainly story driven with desperation included in it. (I have a tendency of getting carried away with story telling that I tend to go into more detail than needed. So sorry about that >.< I’ll get back on track in Chapter 3, I can assure you. I just thought about giving my characters more depth, depth which I may have missed out on in the previous Chapter.)

Chapter 2

All eyes were on Cleo now. She could feel their stares burning into here like hot pokers. Carrie placed her arm around Cleo and stood her up. As soon as Cleo was fully standing, drip, drip, drip, the last of the golden lake which gushed out of Cleo was re-joining its counterpart on the floor. Carrie escorted Cleo out of the room.

Roughly 5 minutes later, after the assembly had finished, Casey looked at the seat which Cleo was sitting in. The seat was still dripping onto the floor in a steady rhythm, its sound drowned out by the conversing students. The puddle on the floor had now spread out a good distance since first being made. Just looking at the aftermath of Cleo’s complete loss of control re-awakened the urge to relieve herself in Casey; she instinctively moved her legs closer to each other.

“She must have really needed to go.” Thought Casey. “How could I have been so insensitive?! ‘I told you so!’ Is that all I could say? My sister was in floods of tears, crying her eyes out and all I could say to comfort her was ‘I told you so!’ I’m so stupid! She must hate me now. I know I would.” Casey could hear faint sections of the conversations the students were having while they were making their way out of the main hall and to their first lesson. Most of them were about Cleo’s ‘unfortunate accident’. Rumours were sure to spread from this gossip. Twisted and distorted by the students who heard them. Casey knew the most likely person to twist them the most. Melissa Mayers.

Melissa Mayers, daughter and poster girl of the head of the Mayers children’s designer clothes franchise 'Belladonna Baby', used to attend the same Primary School as the Juniper triplets. Melissa was, to put it bluntly, a cunning and egotistical girl. She hated anyone who didn’t have as much money as her parents; she thought they were beneath her. Most of all, she hated the Juniper triplets. Unbeknownst to everyone, the reason she hated them was jealously. She was jealous of how they had each other. Melissa was an only child so she was spoilt rotten; she got everything she wanted whenever she wanted it, except friends. Melissa was lonely. All the ‘friends’ she had only liked her for her money. Melissa was naïve enough to believe that they liked her, and they exploited this to their own ends. Melissa had already earned a mutual hatred from Casey.

Back in Primary school, the Juniper triplets and Melissa were in the same class. Cleo was the main target for Melissa’s jealousy bullying. Melissa used to spread hateful rumours about Cleo that made her a laughing stock for the whole class, the root of these rumours being the biggest focus. Needless to say, Cleo was subjected to name calling, mental assault and other forms of non-physical child bullying. Cleo, being the shy girl that she was, and still is, suffered in silence until, one day, when Melissa drew the attention of a less-than-sneaky bully, Casey and Carrie caught on.

They asked Cleo about what has been happening and she told them all she knew. Casey was fuming with rage after hearing Cleo’s story. She confronted Melissa and got into an insult rally with her which soon escalated into Casey completely losing her cool and punching Melissa in the face. Melissa’s father was on the board of governors for that School and this whole dispute nearly got Casey expelled, until some witnesses told the head teacher that it was a provoked attack caused by bullying. Casey got let off with a report and Melissa got away free by ‘bribing the right people’ with her father’s money.

Casey knew that Melissa will soon catch on to the events that had transpired. She wanted to see how her sister was doing, so she asked her Form Tutor, Mrs Bluebell, where Carrie and Cleo went. According to the teacher, they had gone to the staff room. Casey headed there, ignoring the fact that she had a lesson she had to attend right now, all she could think of was her sister’s crying face.

When Casey reached the staff room, she knocked on the door. She heard a faint “Come in.” from Carrie and she opened the door. When Casey entered the room, she was met by a sour look from Carrie. Cleo was sitting in the middle of the leather 3-seater sofa and Carrie was sitting to her right. Cleo was still sobbing quietly, her head in her hands.

“What are you doing here? You should be in English class.” Carrie replied bitterly.

“Can’t I come and see how my baby sister is doing?” Casey answered.

At the sound of the word ‘baby’, Cleo started crying a little bit louder.

“Don’t you think she’s been through enough today?! If you’ve only come here to ridicule her some more then you can get out!” Carried said angrily.

“I meant ‘baby’ figuratively as in ‘youngest’, not the literal term.” Was Casey’s reply.

Carrie didn’t answer, she just glared at Casey. Casey walked over to the Sofa and sat down in the remaining seat; she turned to Cleo and hugged her.

“There, there, sis. Don’t worry, I’m not mad at you.” Casey said to Cleo in a comforting tone. Cleo’s crying returned to quiet sobs again, her head was still in her hands. Casey then started stroking Cleo’s hair, hugging her still with one arm. “If anyone gives you heat for this, then you come and tell me straight away, okay? I’ll knock some sense into them.” Casey was like any other big sister; she thought that she and her family are the only ones who can tease her siblings. She meant what she said, if Cleo told her that people were bullying her again, Casey would not hesitate to put them in their place, using violence if needed.

“Oh, so you can be caring sometimes.” Carrie said sarcastically.

“Shut up. I won’t let anyone harm my little sis.” Casey replied, catching on to what Carrie was doing.

“Does the same go for me then?” Carrie asked, putting on a cutesy voice and trying to look cute.

“Of course not.” Casey said jokingly.

All of this seemed to have cheered Cleo up a little; she had stopped crying and was now giggling to herself.

“What’s so funny, sis?” Casey asked Cleo.

“You two.” Cleo replied quietly.

“I can understand you saying that about Casey, but why me?” Carrie asked

“Because you just are.” Cleo replied.

“What makes me funny?” Casey asked Carrie

“Because you just are.” Carrie said, quoting Cleo. “Now then, Cleo. Let’s get you out of those wet clothes.”

Cleo stood up and went to the toilet in the staff room to get cleaned up and changed.

“We have swimming today, right? So I think Cleo may have to wear her swimsuit under her clothes for now. I don’t think there’s any other option.” Carrie said to Casey.

“Guess she will, if she doesn’t mind that is.” Casey answered, looking towards where Cleo had walked. “I’ll let her know.” She headed off in Cleo’s direction and told her their decision on the other side of the closed door. She could tell by the sound of Cleo’s reply that she wasn’t too keen on it.

Cleo pulled off her dress, trainers and socks. Her trainers and socks were also soaking wet so she knew she would have to change into her P.E shoes and socks. She slipped off her drenched polka-dot panties and assessed the damage of her loss of control. The once white base of her panties was stained slightly yellow. Not a single section of her panties had survived the onslaught of her gushing golden river, they were completely drenched through and they were still dripping wet. She cringed at the feel of them and quickly put them into the plastic bag which her P.E shoes were kept in. She did the same with her wet trainers and socks.

“Mom’s not going to be very happy and Dad definitely won’t…” she thought to herself. She cleaned herself up and dried herself with her Swimming towel. “It’s just going to get wet later, so why not use it now?” She also used the talcum powder which came in her swimming bag to help prevent any rubbing from her slightly damp body and her Swimsuit, socks and shoes. Once she had finished cleaning up and changing she went outside the toilet and went to class with her sisters.

All the time Cleo was getting changed, Casey was getting restless. The pressure from her full bladder was now more noticeable. She shifted her weight from side to side and tried to distract herself from the pressure.

“Is there really any point us going to English class now? I mean, we’ve already missed out on three quarters of the lesson. It’ll probably take Cleo the last 15 minutes to get cleaned up and changed.” Casey asked Carrie, trying to sound casual.

“Not really, but after that lesson, we have Science. So we’ll still have to go to that one. Don’t think about using ‘the accident’ as an excuse to miss that lesson as well.” Carrie replied.

“What where we doing in Science again?”

“Looking at the different ways in which water could be converted into a natural re-usable resource. Basically looking at Hydro-power.”

Hearing about water caused a spasm in Casey’s bladder. Her need intensified and she had to cross one leg over the other to prevent any of her liquid from escaping. She did it in a way that made it seem like she was just changing the position she was standing in to not arouse suspicion from Carrie. But it was still quite suspicious. Thankfully, her sister hadn’t noticed.

However, she had noticed a change in her sister’s behaviour as well; she now had one hand in a pocket on her skirt. Carrie didn’t normally put her hands in her pockets, so this made Casey suspicious of her as well. She decided not to point it out.

“Why did she go and have to ask that of all things!” Carrie thought to herself. Having to re-iterate what they were learning about in Science had caused Carrie’s bladder to fill up faster and gain more pressure. She couldn’t keep her golden fluids at bay if she didn’t do something. Fast. She tried to look as discrete as possible while she placed her left hand in her dress skirt pocket and held herself through her skirt and striped panties.

“I never normally put my hands in my pockets. What was I thinking?! Casey’s sure to realise soon that I really need to pee! I need to get my hand out right now!” Although, try as she might, she couldn’t bring herself to remove her hand. She instinctively knew that if she did, they’ll be no stopping the onslaught of her golden liquid. So she tried to act as casual as possible.

“How can you forget what we’re learning so quickly? We only started this topic last Friday.” She tried to sound stern, but, she couldn’t stop the slight quake in her voice which came from the fact that she really, really, really needed to pee.

“I can’t help it. We’ve had the whole weekend to forget. My memory is taken up with more important things.” Casey replied. Carrie could detect the quiver in her voice too.

“She must really need to go as well. I won’t give out before her. I’ll endure…” Carrie thought. However, her bladder had another idea in mind. It let out a spasm, this came as a slight shock to Carrie so she wasn’t ready for it. Spurt! Carrie could soon feel a slight warm wetness through her panties and skirt. “Oh no, I peed a little! Can I really endure this?” She started to question her own bladder’s integrity. She did really, really, really need to pee. “Don’t question yourself! That is when you start to lose! Remain firm, show that you’re in charge!” She quickly righted her thought track. “We don’t have much longer until sweet relief! Just 60 more minutes…” Carrie was adamant that she would not lose control. However, was her bladder thinking the same thing?

End of Chapter 2

Chapter 3 will be on its way shortly. Until then, if you want, I could do a "Question the characters" time while we wait. This time will include me (the writer) getting into the role of my creations and answering questions how they would answer them (RP ftw xD) If you do want to do this, just direct your question at whichever character you want to answer it (Either Me, Cleo, Carrie or Casey and maybe Melissa when we fully meet her in the story.) Also, if you want the bonus chapter, it will probably come out about the same time as Chapter 3. I promise to get the story back on track in the next chapter. Nyro out!

*013*2013-12-03 19:38

So, Chapter 3 got delayed due to College work but here it is now. Bonus Chapter is still in development but should be out soon if I can fit it in with my busy Christmas schedule (Christmas Shopping and all that coupled with a few friend’s Christmas do’s and parties) but nonetheless, it will come out soon (hopefully). This Chapter is a little shorter than my other Chapters but hopefully that shouldn't matter much. And now, on with the story!

Chapter 3

Cleo walked out of the toilet and said “It feels weird to wear my swimsuit under my clothes. I don’t like it. What am I going to wear after swimming anyway? Wouldn’t it be wet by then?”

“Wet.” That word caused both of her sisters to visibly flinch. “What’s wrong?”

“I-it’s nothing. Nothing at all!” Came Casey and Carrie’s synchronised quick replies.

“Really?” Cleo tilted her head inquisitively to the left. “If you say so. Off to Science class then. We have a hydropower practical today and if we don’t get there quickly we won’t have any apparatus left to carry it out.”

Another flinch. Cleo disregarded this and proceeded to head out of the staff room.

By now a small wet spot had appeared in Casey’s pale blue penguin panties. “Damn! I can’t give in now!” Casey thought. The slight stinging pain in her bladder now had become a bit more violent. It was now hurting like she had just hit her abdomen against something very hard and hot. Her girlhood was now wet with the golden fluids which managed to break through her iron dam and she could feel another rush of them trying again to break through. She had completely gone past the stage of trying to hide her need. Her left hand was now scrunching up the folds of her white mini skirt and pushing them against her delicate spot. She was finding it a little harder to walk without pressing her legs together a bit more than normal to help stave off any urges of relief from her bladder. She slowly made her way behind Cleo to attend their next lesson.

The already wet spot in Carrie’s panties had become slightly lager as a result of another assault from her bladder against her. It was starting to drip through Carrie’s fingers and her dress pocket was now wet as well. “Why did she have to talk about ‘that’ again! I can’t hold it for much longer… I’m gonna leak…” Carrie’s defeated thoughts invaded her clear mind. Right there and then, a little voice in her head told her to just give in and let it out, but she managed to dismiss that thought. Another voice told her to skip the start of her next lesson and relieve her tired bladder muscles in the toilet behind her, as tempting as this thought sounded; she knew Mr Dogwood, her science teacher, hated students turning up late to his lessons.

His punishments were close to that of military punishments. He made students who ‘broke the rules of the class’ stand at the front of the class and support three science tomes, each ranging at about 2000-3000 pages long in each hand and two more science tomes of the same weight on their heads for the duration of the whole lesson. They were not allowed to sit down, speak or drop the books otherwise he’d make them do it for another 30 minutes after the lesson, regardless of if they had another one after it. She knew that if she had to endure that punishment, she’d definitely not make it through the lesson and further humiliate herself be losing control in front of her whole class. “No matter what happens, I can’t let that happen to me! I can’t…” She slowly followed the other two out of the staff room, frantically holding herself through her pockets with both hands.

They managed to make it to Science with not a single moment to spare. They took their seats and waited for Mr Dogwood to start the lesson. Both Carrie and Casey were wildly squirming in their seats but everyone was too fixed on not ‘breaking the rule’ of ‘letting their gaze wander from the teacher while he was talking.’ Everyone apart from Cleo, that is. Cleo was sitting in the middle of her sisters and she couldn’t help but notice their discomfort with sitting still. “Are you sure you’re alright?” she asked them both, whispering underneath Dogwood’s lecture on how Students should all arrive at class before the lesson is due to begin and hand all homework assignments in the day before they are officially due.

“No…” Carrie finally answered, her voice was cracking and she had her hands firmly pushed against her quivering girlhood.

“Do we look alright to you?!” Casey answered sarcastically, but soon regretted it when Dogwood turned away from the board and scanned the room to determine where the sound had come from.

Mr Douglas Dogwood was a man in his mid-thirties. He had slicked back black hair and cold grey eyes. He believed that all secondary school students were unruly ne’er-do-wells and that the only way to get them to do as he wanted them to do was through severe humiliation, physical strain and being made a mockery of. He longed for the day when all old-school punishments, the one’s he loved and was brought up under, made a comeback in modern education. Sadly, due to child safety laws and children’s rights, that wouldn’t happen any time soon.

So he thought he had to use his own punishments to maintain control in his class. Needless to say, and much to the surprise of the other teachers, they were severely effective.

“Which one of you thought it would be clever to attempt to break the rule of silence while I am talking?” He commanded as his gaze went past the front row of the class and rested on the three girls in the middle of the row. “Was it you, Miss Casey Juniper? You seem to seek to not only break the rule of tardiness to my lessons, but also the one of silence? Do you wish to do what you seem to do in most of my lessons? SPEAK!”

Casey let out a strangled yelp and another spurt of her warm liquid left her girlhood and dampened the crotch of her pale blue panties. “N-no Sir. I-I’m sorry. P-please…” she deliberated on her reply, she wanted to word it in such a way that he would have to let her off the hook but not be bound to any form of unwritten contract that prevented her from ‘forgetting’ any of Dogwood’s ‘rules’.

“Do you lack the ability to form a coherent sentence, or are you just trying to waste more time in my lesson? Which is it?!” Dogwood shouted.

Another leak. Her bladder couldn’t take much more of this stress. If this carried on any longer, she was sure to completely lose control over her golden river.

“I’m sorry, Sir! Please let me off, I promise I won’t do it again! Please, have mercy!” Casey’s rushed reply came from her mouth and made it seem like she was pleading innocence in a court of law against a murder case. “Please, I beg you!” Casey didn’t care much about her image now; she only cared about not humiliating herself on level which could easily get her to be the prime target of Melissa Mayers and other bullies in this school.

Mr Dogwood enjoyed it when students were so scared of him that they couldn’t help but beg him for forgiveness. That’s one of the main reasons why he wanted to teach at Rose Creek Academy for girls. He believed that it was easier to have girls fear him than it was to attempt at having boys do it. In his mind, most girls at all-girl schools hadn’t experienced any form of dominance from men so it was easier for him to gain this dominance. He liked feeling in control, he relished it when he saw them quivering in fear at him. “I will hold your word in that matter. Remember, Casey Juniper, if you ever back out of your word now, I will not tolerate it. You will experience a punishment far worse than that which you are so used to in this class that you seem to enjoy it.” With that statement hanging in the air, Dogwood turned back to the board and continued his lecture.

“Now I’ve done it! I’ve screwed myself over due to my lack of thought. What am I gonna do now!” Casey thought to herself. This brief distraction in her thoughts caused a wave of her golden river to crash against her weakened dam. Casey quickly bunched up her skirt again and forced it against her tender girlhood, attempting to strengthen her tired bladder muscles and force the wave to subside without breaking through. “I can’t hold it… I can’t hold it… I can’t hold it… I’m gonna pee! I’m gonna pee!”

Cleo glanced again at Casey, who was now pretty much the centre of attention for the vast majority of the class. She could practically tell what was wrong with her but she couldn’t help stating the obvious. “Do you really need to pee, Sis?” She whispered to Casey. The only reply she got was a glare from Casey which sarcastically stated ‘How did you figure that out, genius?’ “Oh.” Was Cleo’s reply. “I guess you do.”

After that, Dogwood instructed the class to carry out the practical he illustrated on the board. What the class had to do was power a light-bulb for 10 seconds using only: A miniature waterwheel, a sloped tiered water feature, as much water as they needed, a motor to recycle the water in the feature back to the top, a jug and a winch which attached the waterwheel to a motor fixed against the light-bulb.

And so, further torture for Casey and Carrie began.

Carrie was more desperate now than she had ever been before. She couldn’t remove the hand from her pocket which pressed up against her delicate spot. She had to keep her legs crossed and also bend forward a little just to staunch the unending waves of her warm, Carrie-brand fluid against her eroding dam.

Casey could barely hold, on any longer. As soon as her hand touched the cold jug containing the water which was pre-prepared for the experiment, an audible wave of her golden fluid eroded past her dam.

Hisssssssssss.

Her pale blue panties were now drenched at the crotch and converted to a deep blue.

Drip, drip, drip.

They dripped onto the floor beneath her, creating a small puddle.

“Casey…” Cleo said. She then quickly searched in the cupboard in the practical cubicle which the three were in. She found a bowl which was probably used for other experiments; it was large and deep and could probably hold a good litre or two of water, or any other fluid! An idea hit Cleo, she grabbed this bowl and placed it on the floor in front of Casey. “Here! Use this!”

Casey was beyond the point of caring what she relieved herself in; she just wanted to make it through without any embarrassing accidents. She kicked the bowl under herself and pulled her skirt up and just crouched over it, disregarding her panties.

Hisssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!

Pitter, patter. Pitter, patter. Pitter, patter.

She let it all out into the bowl. It felt like pure ecstasy. Casey had never felt such relief before. She was lost in the bliss of her pleasure. Her golden river flowing through her panties, tainting them deep blue, flowing straight into the bowl. She took a few seconds to relish the pleasure of relief.

“Haaaaaaahhhhhhhh.” Casey sighed with relief.

“Wow…” Cleo replied a little shocked. Carrie had just turned her back and plugged her ears with her hands. Crossing her legs and bending forward slightly.

Drip, drip, drip.

Casey shook off the last few drops of her golden river into the bowl. Her panties were still dripping, her girlhood still vibrating from the torrent of liquid which left her. “Much better.” She said, clearly content with her relief. She let her mini-skirt drop back into place. She glanced at her handiwork; the bowl was about one third full of her golden liquid. “Now, what are we going to do with this?” She asked her sisters.

End of Chapter 3

Not sure when Chapter 4 will be out, but this and the in-development bonus Chapter should hopefully suffice for a short while. Previous offer about a "Ask the Characters" time is still open. Nyro out!

*015*2013-12-04 14:14

{{:

Do i sense pee adventures between the two?

}}

Maybe, that depends on which two you are talking about. There's definitely more ideas in my mind just waiting to be put into words. ;)

*016*2013-12-06 19:43

Thankfully, I’ve managed to find time to fit some writing in, so, much sooner than I anticipated, here is Chapter 4. I’ve put my Bonus Chapter on hold for now, I considered it more beneficial to continue the story rather than de-rail it with a Chapter regarding the past of the girls. Rest assured, I will finish writing up my bonus Chapter and post it when I see it fit that it will not interrupt any arc already in place within the story.

Chapter 4

Cleo just stared, mouth wide open, at her sister. Carrie had now removed both her hands from her ears and moved them straight down to her girlhood, squeezing it tight to prevent any leakage from her bursting bladder.

“Why so quiet? Cat got your tongue?” Casey questioned the two silent girls.

Cleo tried to voice a reply, but no sound came out of her mouth. Her mind was still reeling with what had just transpired a few seconds earlier. Her eldest sister, her role model, had just thrown aside any dignity which she may have had and relieved herself, through her panties, into a plastic bowl. Cleo felt shocked and, strangely, captivated by the display. Her abdomen burned and her girlhood felt like it was itching. She had never experienced this feeling before, it was scary, but at the same time felt strangely pleasurable. Her young mind was still trying to process what had happened, catalogue it and then decode the situation into terms which she herself knew.

All she could think of at that moment in time was how she longed to rub away the itch which had suddenly struck her tender treasure. She secretly put her hand under her skirt and slid it into the side of her swimsuit. When she touched her treasure, it was wet, but not with urine. Instead, it felt like it was slippery. When she pulled her hand out, a clear liquid was on her fingertips. She was curious as to what this liquid was. She was snapped from her intrigue by having her shoulders shook by Casey.

“Hey! You in there Cleo?” Casey asked

“Huh?” was all Cleo could reply with.

“I asked you earlier, what should we do with this?” She said, indicating the bowl which became a makeshift toilet.

Cleo suddenly remembered Carrie’s desperate need for relief, her mind answered before her mouth. “Carrie, want to use it before we clean it out? You need to go really badly too, right?”

Carrie could not believe what she was hearing; this wasn’t like the innocent Cleo she knew at all. The Cleo she knew would turn bright red and face away from this and escape into her own private world, disregarding what was happening around her until she’d recovered from her extreme embarrassment. She turned bright red and stuttered her reply to Cleo.

“O-of course NOT! W-why would I do such a thing like that?! D-do you take me for some tart off the streets or something?! No WAY on this Earth would I ever do something so embarrassing, degrading, undignified and dirty like pee in a BOWL! A BOWL! I-I can hold it until I find the proper receptacle to do that deed in.” Despite the confidence she delivered that statement with, Carrie still, at the back of her mind, considered it to be a great option, regardless of the drawbacks of it. However, she couldn’t let her sisters know that. To them, she was the epitome of acting ladylike. If she even hinted at considering relieving herself in that manner, her image will be ruined.

After the strange feeling escaped her, she thought over her question to Carrie, Cleo now knew just exactly what she had said. Her face flushed and she covered her mouth in shock. “What did I just say? What’s happening? Why did I say that?” Cleo thought to herself.

“H-huh…w-wha…u-um…e-EH?!” was all that came out of Cleo’s mouth.

“She seems like she’s back to her normal self again.” Carrie thought.

Both Carrie and Casey decided to leave Cleo to her nonsensical stammerings. Casey tipped the bowl into the sink inside their cubicle. Afterwards, she found some cleaning agent in the cupboard and proceeded to clean the bowl. When the task of cleaning was finished, she slipped off her drenched panties and squeezed all the excess liquid out of them into the sink. Her panties were nearly completely soaked through, the only dry section of them left was the waistband and a little bit of material underneath it. Everything else was tainted a deep blue. When she believed that they were dry enough to be bearable for a short while, she slipped them back on and cleaned her hands.

During this time, Carrie was holding herself frantically and bouncing from foot to foot in an attempt at subduing the maelstrom of liquid inside her bladder. After about 3 minutes of this, the maelstrom had died down and Carrie could stand normally, she didn’t know how long this would last but it would have to do.

About 5 minutes after Casey had finished cleaning the bowl, Cleo finally managed to calm herself down a little, she was still embarrassed but she could at least compose herself a little again. She looked at her sisters and asked, head tilted to the side:

“What are we doing, again?”

“Playing poker with an Irish Wolfhound.” Casey answered sarcastically. “What do you think we’re doing, you ditz?! We’re finishing up our task for today. We just need to attach the last few mechanisms and pour the water over the wheel and them we’re done.”

“Oh. Okay” Cleo replied, smiling a little. She looked a Carrie who was just standing in the corner of the cubicle, completely oblivious to what was going on, and asked “Are you joining in too?”

Carrie flinched at the sudden question and said “I think I’ll pass. After all, it’s time you two started pulling your weight a little in group tasks. You normally leave all the work to me. This should be a valuable learning experience for the two of you.” Carrie said this, but the truth was that she was sure that if she even touched a single drop of water, her warm golden river would come gushing out of her at full pelt. She was barely holding it back now.

“If you say so.” Cleo answered, a little surprised by the sudden change of attitude in her sister.

When the task was finished, Mr Dogwood went around each group’s cubicle and checked to see if they had done what he had asked. All practical experiments had yielded just the results he wanted. By now the lesson was nearing its end; he reviewed his original lesson plan and ‘asked’ the students if they believe they had met it. Naturally, all of them agreed. He dismissed them all to break.

Breaks at Rose Creek Girl’s Academy (RCGA) lasted around 20 minutes. In this time, the students were allowed to attend to toileting needs, personal needs or grab a quick snack and drink in the canteen. Carrie had long awaited this time. She felt like she would finally be able to relieve the pent up pressure which had been assaulting her bladder for the whole morning. That is, until she saw the long line in front of the toilets.

The ‘results’ which Dogwood wanted from his lesson were not the ones he told the students he wanted. That was just a cover up. His real ideas were much more sinister. He wanted the lesson to exact an acceptable form of water torture on the girls in his class. If he could just see the results of this plan, he would be pleased to see that it had worked. Naturally, he could tell at the end of his lesson that most of the girls were desperate to relieve themselves as they were shifting in their seats and bouncing their legs up and down. He was truly pleased.

RCGA was a large building which was about three stories tall. The institute was technically split into 5 sections. The first floor, the one with the main entrance on, was were all the Year 7’s hung out, there was a main common room, two wings, a multitude of classes and 3 toilets, one in the common room and one in each wing. The second floor, was again split into 3 sections, the main common room was for both year 8’s and year 9’s, the left wing was were the Year 8’s attended classes and the right wing was where the year 9’s took their classes. Again, this floor had 3 toilets on it in the same places as the previous floor.

Finally, the third floor was reserved for the year 10’s and 11’s. It was pretty much like the previous floors, a shared common room and two wings split between the two year groups and three toilets in total. Students were only allowed to go to floors and wings up to their year group. For example, year 9’s could go throughout the whole first floor and the entirety of the second floor, but they can’t go to the third floor. This was in place to separate the year groups into manageable chunks and have only the higher years able to roam the full campus.

This policy, however, did not help in the situation which Carrie was in. She was about to accept the fact that she had to queue up to relieve herself when she spied a familiar girl at the back of the snaking line. This girl was Melissa Mayers.

Melissa was every bit the princess which she made out to be. She was clothed in a silky lilac dress with silver lining, I looked like the stereotypical sort of outfit Japanese pop idols wore; it had the initials “BB” written on the back in a flowing script. She had her shoulder length raven hair neatly combed back and held in place by a Gem-Studded hairband (The gems were imitations, but that didn’t stop her from flaunting them around and claiming that they were the real thing. They were so well made that only a true jewel crafter could determine that they weren’t the genuine article.) Her shoes were the same colour as her dress and emblazoned with “BB” in the same script. However, right now, she didn’t look very princess-like at all. She was ‘secretly’ holding herself under her dress, hopping from foot to foot and muttering under her breath.

“I don’t believe this academy! Why should a princess like me have to wait in line like these plebeians to use the Bathroom, of all the places?! If Daddy could see this now, he would close this place down for lack of respect towards his little princess! Why must I attend this commoner’s educational facility in the first place? If I had my way I’d…”

Carrie couldn’t help but chuckle to herself at the situation which the academy’s self-proclaimed princess was in. She knew that if she joined the line, a conflict would be unavoidable, so she begrudgingly decided to go and check the common room to see if the toilets there were free.

After about 10 minutes of searching, her desperate need becoming more apparent, she couldn’t find a toilet on any floor she was allowed on without a long line in front of it. The break time was nearing its end and she could tell that, just by looking at the length of the lines outside of them, no toilet would be free before she had to attend her Swimming class. She thought that she could use the toilet inside the changing rooms, until she remembered that they were still being renovated. She wasn’t sure how much longer she could hold back the torrent inside her bladder; she only hoped that she would be able to make it through until lunch…

Mercilessly, the bell signalling the end of break rang and the triplets made their way to their form room to get ready for swimming lessons. Cleo only had to remove her dress and shoes and she was ready for Swimming. She waited for her sister to change. During this time, her mind still tried to piece together the events which happened so suddenly in Science. She was starting to feel the same strange yet pleasurable feeling which she felt after seeing Casey relieve herself through her panties into the plastic bowl. The itch had returned to her delicate spot and she just wanted to rub it away again.

Casey had asked Cleo at break whether she had somewhere where she could put her wet panties. Cleo suggested that she used her shoe bag inside of her P.E bag. Casey did as Cleo suggested but now she wondered what she would wear under her skirt after Swimming. She didn’t like the idea of going commando and the only other option is that she fully dried her Swimsuit and wore that under her clothes like Cleo was doing. The latter seemed like the only plausible plan so she decided that that is what she was going to do.

Carrie was in a constant need of relieving herself now. Every movement she made sent a little spurt of her warm fluid inter her striped panties. She quickly took them off first and slipped the bottom of her swimsuit on to try and provide a little protection against the relentless onslaught of her warm fluids. “It’s only going to get wet anyway, so no one will notice if…” she considered the option of relieving herself in the pool when she had the chance. With an embarrassed blush and a quick shake of the head, she no longer considered it a viable option. “I’m 13 now, a teenager! I can’t go wetting myself in a pool! It’s just not right and it’s unhygienic and unladylike and degrading and…”

Hisssss…

A stream of her golden fluid broke through her dam and wet the inside of her swimsuit. Both of her hands shot down to her girlhood to hold back the flow. After what seemed like an age of squeezing, she finally managed to regain control over it. By now the inside of her swimsuit was already quite wet. “On no! I can’t hold it back much longer. I’m not gonna make it…” She quickly took off the rest of her clothes and hastily shoved her swimsuit on.

The RCGA Swimsuit was a plan navy blue one piece with the Academy’s logo on the top left corner of the front of the swimsuit. The logo was a shield with a river and a rose on it; it also had the Academy’s name on it in calligraphy-like script. Beneath the logo was a small plastic-wallet-like holder where the laminated card indicating the year and form group the student was in for interschool competitions was placed. All of the triplet’s swimsuits had “9R3” on the card inside the wallet.

The girls made their way out to the private pool at the back of the gymnasium. Carrie was holding herself every step she took. The swimming coach was waiting for them and she briefed them on what they will be doing this lesson. After a short while, she sent them off to do warm ups and then get into the pool. It was a nice warm day, the sun was shining high in the sky and a pleasantly cooling wind blew.

Carrie tried to do the warm ups but every stretch she did nearly made her lose control over her personal pool or warm liquid. She managed to get about two stretches done until she couldn’t do any more for fear of losing it there and then.

After all the class had finished their routines, Carrie tentatively moved towards the pool, just looking at the water nearly made her internal pool gush out of her. She placed herself on the ladder over the pool and in one quick movement dropped down into the pleasantly warm water.

Hisssssssssssssss…

The initial contact with the water sent a spasm through Carrie’s whole body. Her floodgates opened and her warm liquid came gushing out of her at full pelt. She tried in vain to stem the flow but to no avail. Eventually, she just gave up and let her whole bladder empty through the material of her swimsuit into the water. The feeling was pure bliss. Carrie breathed a sigh of relief, momentarily lost in the pure ecstasy of her accident. Thankfully, the pool didn’t have any chemical in it which would react with urine and the water was already warmed by the Sun so her accident went unnoticed by everyone.

After the moments of sheer bliss and relief, the truth of the matter finally hit Carrie.

“What have I done?! How could I do such a thing?!”

End of Chapter 4

So, there you have it. Chapter 4. Nyro out!

*018*2013-12-10 21:45

Here’s the Bonus Chapter. I decided to put it in now as the next arc of the story is strongly influenced by this past motive for the Triplet’s hate towards Melissa, and it also gives some depth to Melissa as a character as well. This is mainly a story driven chapter but it does include some Omo moments in, be them quite few. It also contains strong issues like bullying and humiliation. It also includes loli wetting and bedwetting (set 4 years before the actual story, making the Triplets around 9 years old) so avoid if any of this upsets you. I’ll be sure to make sure you can still understand what is going on in the story when it returns to normal flow. This is a long Chapter, averaging at about 10,576 words (counted by Word), but it does provide valuable backing story to the 4 main characters, Cleo, Carrie, Casey and Melissa.

BONUS CHAPTER

Wednesday morning, 8:00am.

All was quiet in the Juniper triplet’s room. The sun slowly leaked through the partially open curtains, giving the room a soft, warm glow. Cleo, Carrie and Casey Juniper lay, still sleeping, in their beds. However, one of the girls, Cleo, was stirring in her bed. She slowly rolled over, from her left side to her back.

Cleo’s eyelids slowly fluttered open. The small girl had ash blond hair and green eyes. She was wearing pink strawberry prink pyjamas. She sat up rubbed the sleep out of her eyes. After she had woken up a little, she felt a strange damp sensation around her waist and down her left leg. She fidgeted a little in her bed, at the current moment she just dismissed it as sweat. It was a typically hot summer night the previous night, so she wasn’t surprised that she was a little clammy.

Still, she couldn’t just dismiss it that easily. She slowly made a mental checklist of what she could remember doing the night before. “Changed into pyjamas: check, Brushed teeth: check, Tidied my section of the room: check….” She couldn’t help but feel like she was forgetting something… “Put on ‘sleep panties’: no, Went to the bathroom…” She gasped and quickly checked under her covers.

Sure enough, not only her pyjama bottoms were wet, so were the covers under her legs. “Oh no, not again! Mom told me to put on my ‘sleep panties’ and ensure that I went to the bathroom before getting into bed. How could I forget?! She’s going to be so mad at me.”

Cleo had been suffering from bedwetting problems since she was 5 years old. Her mother would always scold her and make her clean her own bed sheets, bed clothes and anything else which she got wet. Her father would also strictly discipline her for her ‘lack of self-control’, as he put it, by making her pay for her own ‘sleep panties’ out of her pocket money.

Cleo felt like crying there and then, but she knew that wouldn’t help anything. So, red with embarrassment and shaking with fear, she slowly made her way out of her room and downstairs to the kitchen where her Mother and Father were having breakfast. The policy of the Juniper household was that all accidents, be them toileting, physical or destructive, were to be reported as soon as they happen to either June, the triplet’s Mother, or Timothy, the triplet’s Father.

The kitchen door was closed and that made it even more intimidating for little Cleo. She slowly reached her trembling hand towards the door handle and pulled it down. She pushed at the door and it opened without a sound. She peeked her head around the corner of the door, hiding her wet clothes and body behind it., and said in a trembling voice.

“Mom, I had an accident.”

Both Timothy and June were sitting at the table talking about various things. Upon hearing Cleo’s statement, June turned towards Cleo and said.

“What kind of accident?”

Cleo couldn’t bring herself to say it, so, instead, she decided to step into the kitchen and show them her soaked pyjama bottoms. She hung her head in shame and submission and stood there, waiting for the inevitable.

Timothy just looked angrily at Cleo for a few moments and went back to reading the book in his hand. June stood up and walked over to where Cleo was. Without even having to ask what had happened, the tell-tale angle the wetness was at and the sleeping position which Cleo always liked ever since she was a baby basically signposted what kind of ‘accident’ Cleo had, she said.

“Where’s the rest? There’s got to be more than just your pyjamas that are wet.”

Cleo turned away and made the walk of shame back to her room. Her sisters were bound to know what she had done as soon as their Mother walked into their room.

Cleo walked up to her bed, her Mother following after, and pulled back the top covers to reveal a large wet patch in the middle of the bed. Urine could also be faintly smelt near the wet patch.

“Strip the bed, clean the mattress, and put both the covers and your clothes in the washing machine. I expect to see you downstairs with your clothes and sheets in no more than 10 minutes. The washing powder and fabric softener used is going to be coming out of your next pocket money.” June said in a commanding tone.

“Yes Mom…” Cleo replied, her voice as soft as a whisper.

By this time, her sisters had already woken up.

“Not again, Sis. You’re going to end up with no pocket money at this rate.” Casey sighed as she got out of bed. Casey had green eyes and chestnut brown hair. She was also quite small. She was wearing red pyjamas. The design on them was meant to mimic that of pixilated blood being splashed from the picture of a pixel zombie with a bullet hole in its head on the front of the top. Casey always liked Zombie Shooter games, much to her parent’s dislike. She was banned from playing them by her Mother yet she still somehow managed to ‘convince’ her Father to buy them for her. ‘Convince’ meaning that she followed her Father around game shops with a copy of the game she wanted and continuously pestered him to buy it until he finally gave in to keep her quiet. Once the game was brought for her, she would often stay up late at the weekends and play it in secret, much to Cleo’s dismay. Cleo didn’t like anything ‘scary’ and she considered these games to be just that.

“Your heart’s as icy cold as ever, I see. Have some sympathy, can’t you see she’s really upset right now.” Carrie said as she climbed out of bed. Carrie had light brown hair, a petite body and, like her Sisters, green eyes. She was wearing a plain light blue pyjama set. Carrie was the mediator for any quarrels which Cleo and Casey had; however, she always took Cleo’s side as Casey’s was pretty insensitive most of the time. Carrie was much loved by both her parents for her seemingly flawless personality. She was always a high achiever, she was ahead with her developmental milestones by about a year or two and she always gave her best at everything which she did. Her only flaw, unbeknownst to both her sisters and her parents, was that she was as stubborn as ever, once she set her mind to something, nothing would stop her no matter what it may be.

“Want me to help clean and strip your bed while you clean yourself up in the bathroom?” Carrie offered to Cleo.

“Yes…” Cleo said with a slight nod. “But I have to be the one to carry them down otherwise Mom will be mad at me.”

“Not like she already isn’t.” Casey injected into the conversation with a mischievous grin.

Cleo just made a stifled whimper at that statement.

“Quiet, you! Haven’t you got to be getting ready for breakfast?” Carrie said angrily to Casey.

Casey just shrugged and proceeded to get changed.

Cleo made her way to the bathroom to get cleaned up. Once inside, she bolted the door behind her and proceeded to remove her drenched pink strawberry print pyjamas. Her pyjama bottoms were completely soaked around the crotch and down the left leg and her pyjama top was also wet along the bottom left side; thankfully, her vest managed to escape any damage. Her once white bunny print panties were now tinged yellow near the crotch and the left hand side of them were tinged yellow and completely soaked as well. She placed these wet clothes on the floor near sink. She picked up a flannel and some soap and proceeded to clean herself from the waist down. Once she had finished, she picked up her wet clothes and the flannel she used and went back to her room to collect her bed sheets.

She took them downstairs and proceeded to carry out the now routine task of washing her clothes and bed sheets. After she had put her soiled garments on a wash cycle, she picked up some cleaning fluid from the cupboard near the washing machine and took it upstairs to clean her mattress.

Both her sisters were now dressed and ready to eat breakfast. Carrie and Casey were now dressed in blue and white checked dresses with black school shoes on, the Uniform for their primary school. Carrie had her shoulder length hair neatly combed and held back by a black hairband and Casey still had her neck length hair in the ‘bed head’ style.

“Yo, Sis, if you don’t hurry they’ll be no breakfast left for you.” Casey said as Cleo entered the room.

“…’kay.” Was the mumbled reply from Cleo.

Cleo sprayed the cleaning agent on the large wet patch on her mattress and wiped it down with the cleaning cloth. One she had re-made her bed, she got dressed and ready for school. She put some yellow orange print panties her school’s uniform. She combed her shoulder length hair and tied it in a side pony tail. Once she was ready, she made her way downstairs for breakfast as well.

The triplet’s breakfast consisted of French toast and Orange Juice. Once they had finished eating, they got their school bags and headed for the front door. They waited for June to open the front door and unlock the Metallic Red car on the driveway. They climbed into the back seats and strapped their seatbelts in and waited for June to get into the driver’s seat and start up the car.

Beech Hill Primary wasn’t far from the Triplet’s home; it took about 10 minutes to get there by car and roughly 30 minutes by foot. It was a large primary school able to teach at least 20 classes of 30 children and it also had a large playground about the size of a football pitch. The students who attended were slightly ahead of their developmental norms so it was kind of a school for intelligent children.

The car pulled into the large parking lot around the side of the school and the triplets un-strapped their seatbelts and jumped out of the car. They had about 5 minutes to get to their classroom so they said a quick goodbye to their Mother and ran off towards the main school building.

They managed to get to their classroom without a moment to spare. Their teacher, Miss Marigold, greeted them warmly and asked them to sit down quickly and quietly as they were about to do morning registration.

Miss Elisa Marigold was a young woman who had just passed her primary teaching QTS (Qualified Teaching Status) no more than a year ago. She was about 24 years old and her first teaching job was in Beech Hill primary. She was eager to teach year 5 classes as that was her preferred teaching age. She was always practical with her lesson planning and allowed a lot of lee-way with them as she always liked the children to be able to do some of what they wanted during her lessons. Her preferred subject was English Literature and she always promoted time for private reading in her class schedule.

“You three came in at just the right time, you’re next on the register.” Miss Marigold said as the triplets sat down. “I can mark you off as being ‘on time’ instead of ‘late’.”

The register continued and the lessons began.

First period was Mathematics. Carrie enjoyed mathematics but Casey couldn’t stand it. Casey didn’t understand anything to do with mathematics; she always turned to Carrie and copied her answers, much to Carrie’s protest.

“If you don’t try to do some equations yourself, you’ll never get the hang of it.” Carrie lectured Casey.

“I would, but it’s all Greek to me. What are these symbol which look like ‘I’s’ and ‘V’s’?” Casey retorted

“That’s Roman, not Greek! They’re Numerals. Back in Rome many, many years ago, this is what the Romans used to number things, much like we use regular number like 1’s and 2’s.”

“I know, but what has that to do with Maths equations?”

“They’re numbers! Mathematics is all about numbers. Sometimes, these numerals are even used today. Just look at those Zombie shooter series you have at home. The sequel numbering uses Roman numerals like ‘Zombie Outbreak Part III’” Carrie wrote down the title as she dictated to Casey how Numerals are used today, she thought that a practical example, especially one which Casey knew and loved, would help her understand Numerals.

“Hey, I love that series! Nothing gets you ready for bed like shooting a few Zombies’ brains out!”

“I beg to differ. Anyway, that’s beside the point. Look at the ‘III’ at the end of the title, they’re numerals. You can use them in the place of numbers. It would look a little boring if we just used a regular ‘3’ there, wouldn’t it?”

“I guess so. So, all I have to do is basically change each regular number to either several ‘I’s’ or ‘V’s’?”

“Not quite, ‘4’ written in numerals is ‘IV’” Carrie said as she sketched down the numeral 4 on a piece of scrap paper. “’5’ is written in numeral ‘V’. ‘9’ is written in numerals ‘IX’. ’10 is written in numeral ‘X’” More sketching as she spoon-fed the information to Casey. “Basically, all you have to do is before each number ending in ‘4’, like ‘14’ for example, is put ‘IV’ after the X and before each number ending in ‘9’, like ‘19’, is put ‘IX’ after the X again. Every other number is basically just the same as the earlier ones but with more X’s in front until 100.”

“So, if I wanted to write 17 in numerals, I’d use ‘XVII’?”

“Pretty much. See, you’re getting the hang of it now! Try to do questions 1 through to 10 and check with me to see if they’re right. I want you to do this yourself, don’t ask Cleo for help.”

“Alright, I’ll give it a go.” Casey said as she started searching through the workbook for the question Carrie was on.

“Page 26” Carrie said as she saw her sister fumble with the pages.

After an uneventful Maths lesson, it was English. Cleo loved English as she was an avid reader, she loved reading before going to bed as she believed that it relaxed her and allowed her to sleep better, plus it gave her something to take her mind off Casey killing Zombies in the most bloody and brutal ways possible. Today, they were going through a simplified version of Shakespeare’s play “The Tempest”. Cleo’s vocabulary far surpassed that of the other children in her class, save for Carrie.

The other children in the class didn’t really mind if they were bested in certain subjects by other students, each child attended that school because they were gifted in different subject areas. Cleo was good at English, Casey was good at Art, sport and Creative writing, save for her poor spelling, grammar and punctuation and Carrie was good at practically everything. Many of the other students were perfectly fine with the broad range of talents in the class, all except for one girl. Melissa Mayers.

Melissa was the daughter of the head of the newly founded ‘Belladonna Baby’ children’s fashion range. Her Father, Gerald Mayers, recently came to fame in the world of children’s fashion shortly after he submitted a costume design, modelled by his daughter, to a fashion magazine. The head of a large clothing company saw this submission and believed that Gerald had a future in fashion designs and his daughter, Melissa, had a future in modelling. Melissa was a stunningly cute girl with piercing blue eyes, silky smooth raven hair and a petite body. She had a cute button nose and a smile worthy of the catwalk. She knew she was very cute and she sure flaunted it to get her own way. Her Father was also on the board of governors for Beech Hill Primary and she used that to her advantage.

She was always alone before her Father became rich, she was ignored by most of the students as she wasn’t particularly talented in any subject area, she was still ahead with her development though, most of the time she barely scraped through the small tests they held at the school, most of this was due to the fact that she refused to study. She had talent, but it was underdeveloped as she didn’t really push for it to become known. She was jealous of the triplets, they were always together and looking out for each other. Laughing, joking, teasing, playing, whatever they did, they did it together.

Melissa was an only child so she didn’t know what it felt like to have siblings. Most of all, she was jealous of Carrie. Carrie was perfect and flawless in both the eyes of the teachers and the students. She excelled at everything and was always the top of the class when it came to averages after tests. She rarely scored beneath 95%. Melissa believed that she was being shown up, she should be the top of her class, she should be seen as perfect, she should be loved by teachers and students alike, not her! Melissa wanted to get at Carrie, but she couldn’t see any way of doing it. Carrie was perfect, no flaws at all. It would be a huge task, but she’ll do it in the end.

Little did she know that that opportunity would come today.

After the English lesson it was snack time. Snack time was a short 20 minute interval between the morning and afternoon lessons. This allowed the children to go to the toilet, have a bite to eat and burn off some energy. It also gave some time for some plotting to take place.

Melissa watched as the Juniper triplets ran out onto the playground after going to the toilet.

“Look at her, leading the way again.” Melissa thought as she watched Carrie lead Cleo and Casey out onto the playground. “The other two would be lost without her. They follow blindly like sheep to a shepherd. Without her, I doubt they’d even be able to attend this school she’s the one who militantly drills lessons into their thick skulls. I’m surprised she hasn’t ditched those freeloaders yet. Maybe, just maybe, if I manage to get at one of her ‘sheep’ the ‘shepherd’ will be at a loss.” A malicious grin came to Melissa’s face. “That’s what I’ll do. But how will I go about it…” There was a lot of flaws with Carrie’s sisters, too many. Plus, it also came down to which sister Carrie liked best, if she hit at the wrong one, Carrie might not even bat an eyelid in her direction and her chance will be lost. More observing was needed, much more.

She stalked her quarry like a tiger stalks its prey, waiting for the right moment to strike while also gathering information on them. From the reactions each sister’s teases, Carrie seemed to be more defensive of Cleo, which could be because Cleo wasn’t as good at answering back as Casey was. Cleo was a ‘nice girl’ after all, loved by teachers for her innocence and cute charms whereas Casey was more of a loud mouth, if she had a problem with someone, she’ll let them know it, for some strange reason, that also caught the teacher’s attention for positive reasons, something to do with ‘being able to personally form friendships and communicate discontent with others’, whatever that meant. Either way, she hadn’t got much further than when she started.

Only 10 minutes of snack time left, not a lot of time for the amount of information she needed. Plus, it appeared that Carrie had sort of latched onto what was going on. She kept looking in Melissa’s direction, seeming able to see through the cover which Melissa had between her and Carrie. “Smart girl, no wonder you’re loved by teachers.” Melissa thought bitterly to herself. After more information gathering, Melissa was sure that Carrie preferred Cleo over Casey, now all she needed was some dirt on Cleo, anything will do.

The school bell rang, signalling the end of Snack Time. Melissa and her quarry made their way back to class for a French Lesson.

The class went by seemingly without any incident. Cleo seemed to struggle a little with some French words but that wouldn’t get Melissa anywhere, every one struggled a little with a foreign language, everyone except Carrie. Carrie seemed to easily pick up what they had been taught at the start of the lesson and apply it to her work, almost like she had been born and raised in France itself. Melissa clenched her teeth, seething with anger at the seemingly ‘perfect’ girl on the table opposite her. “Just you wait, Carrie Natalie Juniper! I’ll get you one day, mark my words!” Melissa had done it, she pulled the last straw, she had started using Carrie’s full name, a name which all children feared their parents using. She felt like it gave her some power over her, it made her feel like she was in control. Not very useful unless the other person can hear it though, but Melissa didn’t care.

At the end of the lesson, when Miss Marigold was going through the lesson objectives, Cleo looked like she was about to fall to sleep. Her eyes seemed heavy and her head was nodding forwards. “Go to sleep, Cleo. This would be perfect. Cleo can’t even stay awake for a full school day. What a baby. That would be perfect to target her with.” Sadly, Cleo managed to stay awake for the remainder of the lesson. It was now time for lunch.

It was true; Cleo was nodding off after French because she was tired after staying up late reading the night before. She wanted to finish the book she was on. She slightly regretted doing that now. “I’ll probably be okay after I’ve got some food in me. I’m probably hungry more than tired.” She thought to herself, almost willing it to be true. She did feel really tired.

Food, toilet, play, stalking, lesson. That’s how it went throughout lunch. Melissa was still at a loss of what to do. She already had a little idea, she was considering some hypnosis on Cleo, which she had learnt from television, to make her fall asleep in class but first she needed to get close to Cleo, not a chance with Carrie and Casey around. Her only change lay in History Class, the next lesson.

History Class, most students would call it a sleeping session. Why look at past mistakes? Nevertheless, History is an important aspect of the National Curriculum, for both Primary and Secondary school students, also a perfect lesson to catch a nap in. Melissa was sure that Cleo would end up falling to sleep in it, and that she did.

While Miss Marigold went on about how the Roman Empire was first created, Cleo’s eye were getting heavier and heavier. “I mustn’t fall asleep, I mustn’t fall asleep, I mustn’t…” Cleo’s eyes closed.

She found herself in a pleasant dream about a book she’d just read. She was in some magical kingdom abundant with fairies, elves, centaurs, sylvan, any fantasy creature you can think of and a giant friendly silver dragon. She imagined riding on the dragon’s back over lakes, streams, waterfalls… waterfalls? She was sure they weren’t that many in the book she’d read. There was only one waterfall, and that’s where the water dragon lived. But this waterfall, it didn’t feel right. The dragon stopped by the waterfall and dropped her off. It then flew away into the mountains nearby. She walked closer to the waterfall, only to find it to be an illusion. It led to a rock face with a mountain cave inside it.

Cleo walked into the cave and all that was in there was a single golden lake. A golden lake? Weren’t lakes meant to be clear and pristine? This lake felt off, she also had the unbearable urge to just dive right in and swim in the lake. She couldn’t fight the urge; she jumped into the lake, only to find it to be an empty fissure in the rocks. She landed on her bottom with a bump. She stood up and moved to the centre of the lake where she spied a small note. She picked up the note and it read “Lake Cleo, please enjoy your stay in the warm water.”

Cleo was surprised to find a lake named after her, considering she was standing in an empty fissure. Or so it seemed. When she picked up the note, it opened a small hole in the fissure and water started to seep into it, warm golden water. She couldn’t get out of the fissure; there was no ladder or steps. The water level rose and rose and rose until it had nearly fully consumed Cleo. She scrambled at the walls to see if there were any footholds, there were none. The water level rose ever more and now it had fully engulfed Cleo. She thrashed in the water, trying to get to the surface, she couldn’t. She sank into the water and all went black.

In the blackness, Cleo could hear a voice calling her name, it sounded like Carrie. Cleo slowly opened her eyes and found she was still in the classroom.

“What a strange dream.” She said quietly.

Then it hit her. She had fallen asleep, in class. How embarrassing. Plus, she also felt like she was sitting in something damp. She shuffled around and realised that it was her who was damp. She looked down and saw that she was sitting in a darkened damp patch on the carpet which wasn’t there when she sat down. She gasped and buried her head in her hands. Not only had she fallen asleep in class, she had also ‘wet the bed’, in class! She broke down into tears and Carrie and Miss Marigold tried to comfort her.

“Gold! Pure Gold! Quite literally at that.” Mellissa thought to herself. She had witness the whole display. The sleeping, the wetting, the crying, the look of disgust and amusement in the other students faces, but most of all, the outright humiliation of the one who her arch enemy, Carrie Natalie Juniper, held dear. “I’ll milk this for all it’s got! Carrie will suffer at the hands of her dearest sister’s failure!”

Melissa had a lot of connections in the school, she was well known in most years because of her debuts in the most elite children’s fashion magazines. She would make sure the whole school heard of this, and there’s nothing the triplets could do about it, she pulled the strings here, and this shall be her grandest puppet show yet featuring the hated Juniper triplets and the fairest of them all, Melissa herself! “Let’s go and have some fun…”

Sure enough, rumours spread like wildfire around schools. By the time Melissa had informed all her contacts of the ‘accident’, almost half the whole school already knew. She had only just informed them in time before a twisted version of the rumour, one which was surely spread by a Juniper triplet, one stating that a queue to the bathrooms had prevent Cleo from going toilet before lunch was over had led to the ‘accident’, managed to corrupt potential allies to Melissa’s cause. She, of course, no matter how corrupt her cause was, spread the absolute truth of the ‘accident’.

Cleo was distraught after her ‘accident’. She hadn’t stopped crying for a full 30 minutes, no matter how consoling both Miss Marigold and Carrie had been. Cleo had been hastily cleaned and changed into her P.E kit and had a spare pare of panties, supplied by the school, on. She was sitting in the staff room, a small plastic bag, containing Cleo’s wet clothes inside it with a note detailing “Cleo Juniper, 5EM, Toileting Accident” on the front of it, beside her on the floor. Cleo and Carrie were excused from the last lesson. This gave Melissa ample time to corrupt and spread the rumour even more.

At the end of the day, Melissa had managed to spread the rumour throughout the entire school, destroying the kind white lie spread by Carrie and Miss Marigold. Melissa’s little puppet show was just beginning. She still had more tricks up her sleeves.

Even though she didn’t want to, Miss Marigold knew that she had to inform Cleo’s parents about her ‘accident’ at school. She left Carrie to comfort Cleo and went to use the phone in the School’s reception area to call Cleo’s parents. She dialled the number and went through the usual protocol which teachers had to follow and only told Mrs Juniper that she “Needed to talk to her after school.” The conversation was brief to say the least.

When it was time for pick-up after school, Cleo dreaded going home. She knew that two bedwetting accidents, one being at school and during a lesson, and the other being the one from the morning, would not please her parents one bit. She waited in the staff room with Carrie and shivered in fear as she thought what her Mother would say about this.

Casey had to be the bearer of bad news for her Mother. She went out to the parking area at the side of the School and found her Mother waiting by the car. She walked over to her and said.

“Mom, Miss Marigold would like to see you in the staff room. It’s about Cleo.”

Mrs Juniper just rolled her eyes and said. “What has she done this time?”

“Miss Marigold thought it would be best if you talked about it face to face.”

“Fine. Lead the way.”

Casey led her Mother to the staff room and knocked on the door; Miss Marigold opened it and led them both into the staff room. As soon as Mrs Juniper saw Cleo dressed in her P.E kit with a plastic bag next to her, she believed she knew what she had done.

“What I wanted to talk to you about…well…” Miss Marigold started

“I already know.” Mrs Juniper stated matter of factly.

“Well, anyway, protocol demands that I need to tell you. She had a little ‘accident’ in History class.”

Cleo’s head drooped and she just stared at the floor, still shaking a little. Carrie put a comforting arm around her.

“Continue.” Mrs Juniper said coldly.

“She fell asleep while I was talking about Roman history. It’s dry and boring, I know, but that’s not why I called you here. While she was sleeping, she seemed to, how should I put this, wet herself. I don’t know if she suffers from this problem at home, that’s not my place to know, but as I said before, protocol demands that you are informed of any accidents your child may have while they are in our care. So I thought it best to inform you.”

“Did she tell you why she fell asleep?”

“No, I don’t think she did. She was too upset to answer questions earlier. She was crying for a full 30 minutes.”

“I was up late finishing a book I was reading last night. I was only 20 minutes late for sleeping but I thought that wouldn’t harm me. I guess I was wrong…” Cleo answered quietly, her voice shaking in fear.

Mrs Juniper’s eyes took on an angry glint now, she could barely supress the rage in her voice when she answered Cleo.

“We shall have a serious conversation when we get in, Cleo.”

Miss Marigold could tell that Mrs Juniper was close to scolding Cleo there and then, but she barely suppressed it. She also saw that Cleo was, again, close to tears. She thought she had to do something to prevent this conflict from escalating.

“Now, Cleo, I know that stories can be quite absorbing and a good pass time but you shouldn’t neglect your health to finish a book. It’s not good for you.” Miss Marigold tried to sound firm, be she just couldn’t. She didn’t want to make Cleo break down into tears there and then.

“I know, I’m sorry, Miss Marigold.” Cleo answered quietly.

“Carrie, Casey, wait by the car. Elisa, Cleo and I need to talk in private.” Mrs Juniper said in a commanding tone to the two girls standing by the door to the staff room. Carrie and Casey left the room and shut the door behind them.

However, they did not return to the car, instead they waited outside the staff room and listened in.

Miss Marigold knew that Mrs Juniper was trying to undermine her authority as Cleo’s teacher by using her first name in Cleo’s presence. She knew exactly how to counter this disrespect.

“Well, June, what is it we need to talk about now that Carrie and Casey have left the room?”

“Cleo’s always like this at home, too. She’s been like this since she first started this school. She’s costing us a fortune in cleaning fees so my husband and I had to take action. We make her pay for all the cleaning products she uses out of her own pocket money, plus we also make her pay for her pyjama pants which she neglects wearing. It’s almost like she enjoys costing us a lot of money.”

Miss Marigold had never seen such a neglecting and stern Mother like June Juniper. She couldn’t believe what she was hearing. One thing remained uncertain though, how the parents react to Cleo’s night-time accidents.

“I don’t believe she enjoys it as much as you make her out to. It’s quite a self-confidence destroyer, she probably feels upset, embarrassed and scared. I have just one question, how do you react after she announces her little accidents.”

“I think she does, Elisa. It’s easy, we punish her by giving her a stern scolding and we also sometimes ban her from reading dependant on how often she’s come down in the morning wet during a week. So in short, we scold, punish and ground her, to some extent.”

Just what Miss Marigold didn’t want to hear. What she’d been taught is that if a child is suffering from bedwetting problems, they should be consoled about them and they should also be helped by their parents to overcome their problems. What Mrs Juniper and her husband were doing was the exact polar opposite.

“Well, June. I personally don’t think that’s the best way to go about it. I think that Cleo needs the moral support and understanding of her parents to help her overcome her problems, not a scolding.”

“Are you trying to tell me how to raise my Children?!” Mrs Juniper shot back, angrily.

“Not at all, I’m just saying what I would do in that situation.”

“Well, I’ve been the Mother of this problem child for 9 years. I should know how to treat her and what sort of things she responds positively to. Do not even think you understand her more than I do!”

“I never said I did.” Miss Marigold replied calmly. “Even though the way you go about it is completely wrong and in no situation should you ever call your child a ‘problem child’. Personally, I do not even think you are fit to be called their Mother.” She thought to herself.

“Now that we are on the same page, I’ll be taking my daughter and giving her the punishment she requires for what she did today. Good day to you, Elisa!” Mrs Juniper said as she stormed towards the door.

“And a good day to you too, June.” Miss Marigold said quietly. As Cleo slowly walked past her, she tapped her on the shoulder and gave her a pamphlet, written in a way children should be able to understand, about bedwetting and ways to stop it. “Give this a quick read tonight, it should give you some information which your Mother seems to think you don’t need. Feel free to talk to me about any issue which you may have at home, I promise I’ll keep it between the two of us.”

“…’kay.” Cleo said as she gave a slight nod. She then proceeded to follow her Mother out of the room.

When the triplets got back home, Cleo was commanded to take her P.E clothes off and the panties she was leant by the School and to meet her parents in the kitchen as soon as she had finished getting changed. By that, her parents meant five minutes at the most. It took her this time to get upstairs and find a dress to wear, she didn’t have the time to find a clean pair of panties and put them on and so she just chose a reasonably long dress to wear until her scolding was over. She also felt like she needed the toilet, but she knew she didn’t have the time for that, plus it was probably just fear making her body feel things that weren’t actually true. So, with a feeling of dread, she made her way to the kitchen for her scolding.

When she got into the kitchen, she found that both her Sisters were in there with her parents and that a chair had been moved from the table to the large open space where the cookers and worktops were located around. I sat there, like an interrogation chair in some mystery books she’d read before. The feeling of fear had escalated to the point that Cleo’s whole body was shaking and she felt nauseous. She made her way towards the solitary chair and sat down on it, waiting for her punishment.

June lead the scolding, with Timothy cutting in every now and then to back up June’s argument. Carrie and Casey watched in silence as their Sister was degraded, insulted and put down in front of their eyes. They couldn’t do anything to help; June wouldn’t listen to them, not even to Carrie at this moment in time. This is where Carrie got her indomitable stubbornness from and she hated it when it was used against any one of them.

Cleo couldn’t stop crying when the scolding started, all she could do was try to get her replies through the unending floods of tears which came from her eyes. Most of her replies were “I’m sorry.”, that’s all she could say in that situation. June wouldn’t listen to her. The feeling of nausea and the bursting need to relieve herself rose. She was feeling positively ill most of the time. Her stomach felt like it had been through a car crusher and her throat was as dry as a desert, her abdomen burned with a searing pain and her muscles had turned weak, she could barely sit up straight on the chair. Her body’s shaking had become intensified to the point that anyone who could see her could see the fact that she was shaking violently. Her vision became blurred and her hearing had become muffled. She wasn’t sure what was happening, all she knew was that she had never been more scared in her whole life.

The scolding continued, despite Cleo’s visible fear. However, Timothy no longer bore an angry expression; it had changed to one of concern. He had seen all of what was happening to Cleo while June mercilessly carried on with her lecture. He had seen how her slight trembles had become visible shakes. He could also tell that her replies were becoming more and more mumbled and less audible. He no longer felt that it was necessary to put Cleo through any further unneeded humiliation or stress, but he also knew that once his wife had set her mind on something, there was no stopping her. He moved slightly closer to Cleo’s position, but not enough for it to be noticed by Cleo and put further stress on her.

By now, Cleo could barely see or hear anything, save for the rapid palpations of her heart.

Thump thump, thump thump, thump thump.

And her short, rapid, panicked breaths. The feeling of sickness in her had risen to an unbearable level. She could feel the bile rise up her throat from her stomach and into her mouth. She couldn’t hold it back any longer; the bile was forcibly ejected out of her mouth and onto the floor in front of her. Joining her stomach’s contents, a puddle was beginning to spread out from underneath Cleo and fall onto the floor like raindrops on a wet spring day. Her legs had also become warm and wet from the liquid which busted out of her bladder and pooled on the seat underneath her. Her vision turned to blackness, her hearing had been reduced to a ringing sound as she slowly slipped into unconsciousness.

After seeing the events unfold, Timothy ran to were Cleo was sitting, avoiding the mess on the floor and quickly caught her before she fell head-first onto the hard tiled floor of the kitchen. Carrie and Casey didn’t know what was happening; they were scared for Cleo’s safety. June had stopped her lecture and stormed out of the kitchen leaving Carrie, Casey, Timothy and an unconscious Cleo behind. Carrie and Casey were fuming with rage at their Mother’s actions. They felt like they were about to commit the ultimate taboo in the Juniper household, talking back to their Mother.

When Cleo awoke, she found herself lying in her own bed. Her head was pounding. She slowly sat up and began to open her eyes, only to feel a hand grasp her shoulder quite forcibly. When her eyes had opened, she looked around her bed and found Carrie, Casey and her Father all gathered around the bed. Her Father was the one who put a hand on her shoulder.

“What happened, why am I in bed?” Cleo mumbled questioningly.

“Cleo! You okay, Sis?!” Casey dived on the bed and hugged Cleo.

“You gave us quite the scare. Thankfully, you seem to be alright.” Carrie answered, a smile forming on her lips.

“Cleo, I’m so sorry, baby. I had no idea how you actually felt when we told you off. Why didn’t you tell me sooner that it scared you so much?” Her Father said in a comforting tone.

Cleo had no idea what had got her Sisters and Father all concerned for her. Still, she answered her Father’s question; he seemed different, less stern and more caring.

“Because Mom wouldn’t listen, she’ll just say that I’m lying to get out of punishments.”

“That sounds just like her.” Carrie said bitterly, secretly hating that aspect of her which she undoubtedly got from her Mother, she just hoped that she wouldn’t one day turn into her Mother because of it.

Casey said nothing; she just snuggled into her sister and held her in a firm hug.

“By the way, what’s my punishment?” Cleo apprehensively asked.

“None. Mother, Carrie, Father and I all had a talk after you blacked out. We managed to ‘convince’ her to not punish you this time.” Carrie said, a pained look in her eyes, as she placed the top of her left arm in her right hand and turned to face her arm. Cleo could barely see a red mark on Carrie’s right cheek, it looked like a hand. Plus, her face seemed to show a slight amount of pain when she held her arm. Cleo decided not to press this matter for the best. She knew that it wouldn’t have been just a talk which convinced her Mother to let her off punishment. Cleo felt slightly guilty but relived at the same time.

“Anyway, Casey stop clinging onto your sister like she’s about to fly away and let her rest. Her head must still feel like it’s been through the washing machine on a full spin cycle. Dinner will be ready in about an hour, rest up for that time, okay?” Carrie said to Cleo.

“Okay.” Cleo said as Carrie made her way out of the room with her Father and Casey. “Carrie!” Cleo called after her.

“Yes?”

“Thanks, for everything.” Cleo said gratitude clear in her voice.

“That’s what big Sister’s do, right? Although I don’t really think I can be classed as a ‘big’ sister, I’m only two minutes older than you after all. Rest well.” Carrie answered, tears of happiness beginning to form at the corners of her eyes.

They left the room and Cleo lay back down in bed, feeling happier than she had ever before. But she still couldn’t shake the look in Carrie’s eyes when she answered her question about the punishment. It looked pained, like she’d been physically abused by her Mother for trying to back her sister up. She also couldn’t forget the mark on her face, or the way she held her left arm like it had been hit against something really hard with great force. Those images played in her min while she slowly tried to fall asleep again.

Meanwhile, Carrie, Casey and their Father had a small talk regarding the ‘convincing’ which took place not too long ago.

“I really think you should get that arm seen to. It looked like you hit it quite hard against the table corner.” Casey said, concerned about the way Carrie was holding her left arm and wincing in pain with every movement of it.

“I-it’s nothing big, probably just a bad bruise.” Carrie said, sounding less certain than she believed she was. Every movement sent a searing pain through the arm like it had just been put into a huge campfire; she could barely hold back the pained tears which assaulted her with every step. “I can’t be that bad, right? I can still move it, but it hurts so much! It’s probably still the shock of the impact playing tricks on my pain sensors. It’ll be better after a rest, right?” She thought herself, trying to convince herself that it wasn’t a big deal.

“Still, I can’t believe that Mom would do that to you. Slap you across the face and throw you against the table corner. I thought you were her favourite.”

“Not one of us is her ‘favourite’. She dislikes each of us in one way or the other.” Carrie answered coldly. “Me? She just sees me as the spitting image of herself.” She delivered this line with malice clear in her voice. “She wants me to become like her, a cold stickler to the rules. She doesn’t want me to have any freedom. She wants me to achieve top scores on all tests I do, she’s not happy with anything less. She scolds me when I score less than 100%, which is most of the time, she just prefers me over you two because she thinks there’s ‘potential’ in me, potential to become someone who is talked about in history.

Fat chance of that. I wouldn’t want to become like that, I like my freedom, I don’t want to overshadow you or Cleo, I don’t want to make you feel undervalued. We’re all good at what we like best, Cleo’s more likely to become a writer than anything else, and you’re more likely to become a games programmer or designer with the amount of time and effort you put into understanding video games and their mechanics. I’m happy with who I am, and who you two are. I wouldn’t want it any other way.” Tears were starting to form in Carrie’s eyes, but she quickly wiped them away. “Anyway, let’s go and help Father make dinner.”

The rest of the day passed uneventfully, Cleo was starting to feel a little better around dinner time. Their Mother remained quiet all the time she was with them. Carrie still cradled her left arm every now and then and tried to hide the pain in her face every time she moved or touched it.

The next few days played hell on Cleo and her sisters. Cleo was being bullied by Melissa’s ‘entourage’ about her accident. She kept this a secret from her sisters as best as she could, but she knew it wouldn’t be long before Carrie’s excellent perceptiveness saw through Cleo’s little lies. Carrie’s had to leave school early the following day as her left arm was causing her so much pain that she could barely move it. Miss Marigold called Carrie’s Father and told him to book an emergency appointment at the nearest hospital’s A&E department; Carrie was seen shortly after she got there. It appeared that she had fractured the top of her left arm quite badly but I was hard to notice as the fracture was hidden by muscle, she had to get it seen by an X-Ray. They put it in a cast and gave her some child-suitable pain suppressers. She didn’t tell them the truth about how she got the fracture; she said it was a sports accident.

Casey was too busy worrying about her Sisters to concentrate much on anything else; this made her grades slip and, consequently, made her put more pressure on Carrie to teach her what she had missed. Melissa, on the other hand, was revelling in the pain she was causing Cleo; she had puppeteered many more things into her elaborate web of suffering for Cleo. She knew just who she would employ to deliver the final blow to Cleo and make her a laughing stock, not only for her class and Melissa’s friends, but also for the rest of the school. Melissa would deceive the boy who seemed to have some feelings towards her, he was a year older than her and a valued member of the student community so he should easily be able to carry out the plan which Melissa had engineered. “Everything is falling into place; soon it will be time for the final act, the crescendo of my perfectly planned attack towards Carrie. I hope she enjoys it when her sister is made a mockery of by the whole school.”

This ‘plan’ which Melissa had thought of took place a week after the incident. By this time Carrie was more than suspicious of Cleo’s strange behaviour in and around the school. She knew that Cleo was hiding something from her, but what? Carrie couldn’t really do much with her injured arm but she was sure that she could help her; she just needed to know what the problem was. If all else fails, she could always turn to Casey for help.

During lunch time, the girls went about their usual lunchtime routine. It all went smoothly until it came to attending to toileting needs before going out onto the playground. Cleo was, as usual, leading the way to the toilets, she tried to open the door, but it seemed stuck. Stuck? No, not quite. It felt like it was being blocked by someone or something. She shoved once more, but she couldn’t open the door. She daren’t try any harder; she already drank a lot during break and lunch so she needed the toilet pretty badly. Casey and Carrie finally caught up to Cleo and noticed the predicament she was in.

“Can’t open the door, Sis?” Casey asked.

“Nope. “ Cleo replied. She crossed her legs a little.

“Strange, you normally can. Is it stuck or something?”

“I think someone is blocking it.”

“I’ll give it a go.”

Casey shoved at the door in an attempt to open it. Sure enough, it was being blocked by someone. She thought that she could hear grunts of effort every time she shoved it.

“If you need to go that badly, Cleo, why not just use your panties? You seem to like doing that.” A snide male voice came from the other side of the door. “Give it up; you’ll never open this door. I’m much stronger than you; you’ll only wet yourself trying. Not that you’d mind.” The voice scoffed.

“It’s a shame you thought she’d be alone. Girls never go to the bathroom alone. Seems like I’ll have to kick this door open. I’m sure you can’t stand against me, the star of the girl’s football team. You probably know that I’ve got quite the kick in me. Brace yourself.” Casey half joked at the boy’s vain attempt at getting Cleo to give up. She walked back a short way and gave a running kick at the door, jumping and using the sole of her foot to hit the centre of the door. “Take THIS!”

The door flew open and the boy fell backwards from the sheer force of the impact. Cleo ignoring what was going on and ran straight to the first cubicle free and locked the door behind her. She didn’t even care that there may have been a boy on the other side of the cubicle door. She sat down and let out her warm liquid which she had been holding in for the best part of an hour and a half. It made a trickling noise as water met water.

Lawrence, the boy who had a crush on Melissa and tried to bar the door from Cleo, didn’t even begin to care that Cleo was relieving herself in a cubicle not far from him, all his attention was on was the girl in front of him who kicked the door open. Sure enough, it was Casey Juniper, the star of the Girl’s football team. From his current angle, with a little bit of peering, he could be able to see her light blue ribbon panties; again, he didn’t much care for it as he knew the stories of boys who had crossed Casey the wrong way. He remembered what they went on about one P.E lesson when one unlucky boy tried to flip Casey’s skirt. Needless to say, his voiced seemed much higher than normal and he seemed to holding an ice pack over his crotch for the rest of the day. Apparently, his privates had taken a critical hit from Casey’s foot. He didn’t want to meet the same fate. She walked closer and he backed away, covering his crotch with one hand.

“Well then.” Casey said with a slight grin on her face. “Are you going to be a good boy and tell us who put you up to this, or do you want me to do to your privates what I did to the door? Which will it be?”

He knew that Casey wasn’t joking around. But he still pushed his luck.

“Carrie, you’re always one to follow rules. You wouldn’t let her kick me now, would you? Violence is not allowed on the school grounds, remember?”

Carrie knew what she would say, but she made it seem like she considered his point of view, it was fun to watch him squirm.

“Well, I don’t think you’re one to talk, boys aren’t allowed in the girl’s bathroom. Yes, I do know that violence is not allowed, but I could always turn my back and pretend that I didn’t see her kick you. Who would the school believe more, me or you? Casey, he’s all yours.” Carrie delivered this statement with an icy grin on her face and turned her back on the whole thing.

“If you say so, Sis. I hope you’ve said your goodbyes to your boyhood ‘cause when I’m done with them, you wouldn’t even recognise them anymore. Or, you could take the option two and tell me who put you up to this. Which will it be?”

He didn’t want to get beaten up by a girl in the year below him, that would be a double dose of embarrassment. Dose one would be getting beaten up by someone a year younger than him and dose two, the most embarrassing in terms of boy’s views, getting beaten up by a girl. He decided to talk on Casey’s demands.

“Spill your guts, or I’ll spill your boyhood.” She said with a malicious grin.

“Okay, okay, I’ll talk! It was Melissa Mayers, a girl in your class! She’s the one who told me to do this.”

“Melissa…” Carrie said upon hearing that name. “I thought she was acting suspicious.”

“Thanks for that, pansy. I’ll still critically hit your privates, on Carrie’s request.” Casey said, smiling.

The sound of a toilet flushing drew all their attention to the origin of the noise. Cleo walked out of the cubicle and shut the door behind her.

Cleo looked at the three people in the room. Carrie was standing with her back to Casey and Casey was standing over a boy who was lying on the floor, both of his hands were over his crotch. A boy?! Cleo only just realized that there was a boy in the toilet the entire time that she was emptying her bladder. Her face turned bright red and she quickly walked over to the nearest sink to wash her hands.

Lawrence used this brief distraction to flee the scene, his boyhood still intact. Casey turned to run after him but she was stopped by Carrie who just shook her head.

“Melissa will see to him, we’ve got bigger problems.” Carrie said gravely. She indicated towards where an embarrassed Cleo was washing her hands. Both of them walked over to her location.

“Cleo, how long has this been going on for? I don’t think this was the first time something like this has happened to you, the concerned party taken into account.” Carrie questioned Cleo.

Cleo hung her head. So her secret was out?

“It started yesterday.” Cleo lied.

“Cleo.” Carrie said firmly, she wasn’t fooled.

“It started last Thursday.”

“Why didn’t you tell us?”

“I didn’t want you to get involved. You’ve already got hurt one time for my sake. What if they did worse?” Cleo said looking at Carrie’s fractured arm.

“That’s no excuse to not tell us, Cleo. We didn’t have to do anything personally. We could have gone through it using the proper measures. We could have proposed your case to Miss Marigold and she would have taken it to the head of discipline and child safety.”

“Who started this?!” Casey asked, half shouting.

“Casey, don’t do anything rash.” Carrie turned to Casey, she had a rough idea of what she might do.

“Who started this?!” She demanded answers.

“The boy said Melissa.” Cleo said.

“Cleo –“ Carrie’s reply was cut off by Casey saying.

“I’ll be right back, Sis. I’ve got some unfinished business to attend to.”

“Casey! Stop this, you can’t –“

“I can and I will! Just you watch me!” Casey ran out of the girl’s bathroom and into the playground. Cleo and Carrie followed after.

Casey’s mind was in no condition for rational thought. Only one thing was clear in her mind, she’d make Melissa pay for bullying her baby Sister. She ran right to where she saw Melissa on the playground. “I’ll get you for this, you little piece of –“

Carrie and Cleo ran after Casey as fast as they could, they weren’t as fast as her, after all, she had a lot of experience running, but they did manage to not stay that far behind her.

As soon as Casey got within arm’s reach of Melissa she threw a powerful right hook straight towards her ‘pretty little face’. It connected with a powerful smack. Melissa fell backwards and looked up at Casey in shock.

“You… hit me…” She said, her voice quivering.

“Yeah I did! And there’s plenty more where that came from you little bi- “

“Casey!” Carrie shouted.

Casey ignored Carrie’s voice, her mind fully set on Melissa. Melissa stood up a little shakily and looked straight into Casey’s eyes.

“You hit me! Wait until I tell Daddy about this, you thug!” Melissa shouted at Casey

“When I’m finished with you, you conniving sack of ###, you wouldn’t even be able to so much as utter a single letter!” (Casey had learned a lot of inappropriate words from the games she played, she could swear like a sailor when she was angry)

“CASEY! Watch your language! Cleo’s here you know, I don’t want her picking up any bad habits from you!” Carrie scolded. It fell on deaf ears. Carrie made her way towards where the two girls were having there little cat fight.

“What did you just call me?! You plebeians have no manner when it comes to addressing a girl of my status!”

“Can it, ...brain! I’m not finished with you yet!” Casey threw another punch at Melissa. This time it did not go unnoticed, and neither did her swearing. The Headmaster was on playground duty that day and he hear this initial raised voices and it made him look in Casey’s direction. She was called into his office shortly after being found out by him. She was swearing all the time he was carrying her to his office. It took two teachers to fully detain Casey.

She nearly got expelled from the school, had it not been for Carrie’s reasoning and Miss Marigold’s promise that she isn’t like that during class and that she was probably having an ‘off day’ or something. Melissa also got called to the Headmaster’s office but she got let off with a warning due to a bribe secretly made between Gerald Mayers and the Headmaster.

After the heated cat fight between Casey and Melissa, Cleo didn’t experience any more trouble from any of Melissa’s ‘entourage’ and Casey got a new nickname from it. Alongside “Privates Pulveriser” she was also called “Beech Hill’s Bully-Basher” due to her ‘heroic’ efforts in Cleo’s bullying case, which soon transferred all the students from Melissa’s side to the Juniper triplet’s side, for pure fear of getting “Pulverised” or “Bashed” by Casey.

Casey said to Cleo, shortly after getting out of the Headmaster’s office.

“If you ever experience any more trouble from anyone, let me know and I’ll knock some sense into them!”

Cleo agreed to this, a slight twinkle in her eye at her Sister.

End of Bonus Chapter

Enjoy. And if you can, tell me about your first impressions on the newly introduced characters (Melissa in full, June Juniper, Timothy Juniper, Elisa Marigold) It'll be interesting to know what you think. ^^ Chapter 5 will be out soon. Nyro Out!

P.S: Any fans of Cleo, please don't hate on me for putting Cleo through all this stuff. It was hard for me too, she's like a child to me, like most writers and their creations. :<

*021*2013-12-12 22:42

Thanks ^^

On an unrelated to the topic, but at the same time related, note, I've considered doing some interactive story RP based off of this story. As you've probably read before, I want to do some RP with the characters I have created for this story. The outline of my idea is that the audience (other members) create an outline for a story which includes my creations and I act accordingly to what they would do in the situation posed by a member of the audience. Other people are free to take part with Own Creations in the story as well, if they so wish.

My full idea can be seen here: https://omorashi.org/topic/18413-not-sure-if-i-should-but-if-enough-people-want-me-to/

Please give it a read and let me know in that topic if you wish to take part. Nyro out!

P.S: Chapter 5 is on its way, production has been delayed due to commissions from friends to help them with D&D character backing stories for a D&D RP which we do. I won't bore you with the details. In short, Chapter 5 will be out in the near future.

*022*2013-12-18 20:51

Here be Chapter 5. In it be dragons, mystical beasts and anything you can imagine. Actually, that’s not true at all. It does, however, include a continuation to my original story. Sorry it has taken me so long to write this but I have been very busy with preparations for Christmas, much to my own displeasure (bah, humbug!) and other things. Chapter 6 may be given the same treatment, it depends on if I can get any free time to write it between the New Year and college work. This Chapter brings about the end of the old arc and the beginning of a new one so, therefore, there isn’t a lot of Omo in this Chapter, mostly story progression (again). So without further ado, let’s continue.

Chapter 5

There Carrie stood in the water at the ladder leading into the Swimming pool, a faint but present yellow tinge to the water around her. To the less concerned eye, it may just look like the Sun’s reflection in the water, but to Carrie, it stands testament to her ‘undignified’ behaviour.

“This can’t be happening, this can’t be happening, this can’t be happening…” She frantically thought to herself. However, the evidence around her suggested that it did, in fact, happen.

“If anyone finds out, my reputation will be ruined! I just need to act casual and proceed with the Swimming lesson like nothing had ever happened.” She walked into the deeper water and began to proceed with the lesson’s routine.

At about the same time as the triplets were preparing for Swimming, Melissa was in the same boat as Carrie. She had not managed to relieve herself before Swimming due to the insanely large queue for the Girl’s Restrooms. She could feel her warm liquid hitting against the wall of her bladder like a battering ram, each impact sending a dull pain through her abdomen.

“Why must this educational facility have such strict and limiting rules against the student body? Why are we not allowed free roam of all the available facilities until we are in the last years of our education? If Daddy hears about this…” Her internal rant was interrupted by another surge of her warm liquid against her tired muscles. She quickly pushed the material of her Swimsuit into her girlhood to try and offer another line of defence against the liquid wanting to gush out of her. A small spurt escaped, followed by a near audible squeal from Melissa and another larger spurt. She could feel her warm liquid against the cold material of her Swimsuit.

“I’m peeing?! I can’t believe this, a girl of my status nearly wetting herself in the middle of the school classroom?! I can’t let that happen! I WILL not stand for this!” She steeled her resolve and managed to hold back the imminent flood for a little longer. Just how much longer, though?

She followed the rest of her class out of their form room and towards the Swimming pool. She considered abandoning her classmate and quickly sneaking away to relieve herself of the pressure building up in her aching abdomen. The word being considered. She thought against this idea when she saw a familiar trio heading out of Classroom 9-C. The Juniper Triplets. Strangely, Carrie was not leading them, instead she was quite a way behind them, shuffling along while holding her crotch. Wait! HOLDING her crotch?! This behaviour was unusual, nearly inconceivable, of Carrie. Could it be that she…?

It had to be, there was no doubt in Melissa’s mind about it. Her most hated enemy, Carrie Natalie Juniper, was also desperately in need of relief. The mere thought of it brought a smile to Melissa’s face, she nearly forgot about her own need, until another wave hit her.

Hisss…

Another large spurt of her warm liquid escaped her iron grip, further dampening her Swimsuit and cascading onto the floor beneath her with a rain-like dripping noise. She pushed her damp Swimsuit harder and harder into her crotch in a near vain attempt at stopping the inevitable accident in progress. After what seemed like an age, she finally regained control over her internal tsunami.

“That was too close, I nearly…”

She now took on the same shuffling as Carrie, still keeping the hard press on her crotch; thankfully, she was at the back of her class line so no one could see what she was doing. They reached the Swimming pool and the lesson began.

Melissa was paying absolutely no attention to what the swimming coach was saying; her complete concentration was on holding back the insatiable urge to empty her bladder. She was standing with her legs practically stuck together, her body bent over and both of her hands pushing extremely hard into her crotch. The pain in her abdomen was nearly unbearable.

“I need to pee, I need to pee, I need to pee…” This was the only thing on Melissa’s mind.

The swimming coach droned on. Melissa was not listening at all.

“I need to pee, I need to pee, I need to pee…!”

Finally, the swimming coach stopped talking. Melissa was still standing in the same position, hidden behind most of the students.

“Maybe I can sneak away and…?”

Another wave. Melissa could barely hold this one back; it was almost like her bladder was forcibly trying to eject her warm liquids into her Swimsuit.

“No no no no NO!”

After another seemingly long while, Melissa managed to hold back the flow. All dignity aside, she was now crouched in a ball, both of her hands shoved over her Swimsuit into her crotch, pain lancing trough her abdomen like she had just been hit by a freight train and now she couldn’t prevent the shakes of exertion which now gripped her whole body.

“I have to go now otherwise I won’t…”

She spied a break in the throng of students who were getting into the pool, through this momentary lapse of inactivity; she saw her salvation, the back of the sports hall.

Behind the sports hall there was a small alleyway leading to a storage shed where most of the equipment for P.E lessons were kept. Melissa did not care about her means of relief now; she just wanted to quell the pain in her abdomen and to maintain some of her dignity. She slowly made her way to the alley, each step further increasing the pain and sending out small spurts of her warm fluid, she was sure that she wasn’t being followed or watched. Little did she know that one student had noticed her.

Carrie saw Melissa move towards the Sports hall, she wondered what reasons Melissa would have for going there. Had she been sent to fetch some float rings? Whatever the reason, Carrie also noticed something strange about this self-proclaimed princess. She seemed to be in desperate need for a restroom. Carrie could instantly place the tell-tale signs of an accident waiting to happen; she herself had just been through them not even mere moments ago. The shuffling walk, the hunched over posture, legs firmly clasped together, both hands pressing into her delicate spot and the pained look in her face. No doubt about it, Melissa was clearly desperate for relief. Carrie climbed out of the Swimming pool and made her way towards the direction Melissa headed in.

While tailing Melissa, Carrie noticed some small patches of wet concrete along the way. Carrie knew that Melissa had not set foot in the pool and she herself knew that they weren’t caused by her own dripping Swimsuit; these patches were in places where Carrie had not yet set foot.

“Poor girl… poor, poor girl.” Carrie thought to herself, a malicious grin beginning to form on her face. “Just what would become of the ‘princess’ if this little secret was let out? Maybe I should find out?”

At the end of the trail of wet concrete, Carrie saw Melissa starting to crouch down over the floor, her back to Carrie’s location. “Just what is she going to do now? I can’t wait to find out.”

When Melissa was sure that she was alone and far enough into the alley to remain undetected, she crouched over the floor and was about to move her Swimsuit aside but…

Hissssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss…

Pitter patter, pitter patter, pitter patter…

Too late. The added pressure from her crouch had destroyed the last standing supports for her bladder. Nothing could stop the torrent of warm, clear liquid which was now jetting out of her delicate spot and through the material of her Swimsuit onto the floor. She didn’t even attempt at stopping it, she knew it would be futile. Instead, she relished in the pain being eased from her abdomen and the pure feeling of bliss which came from urinating after a long hold.

Carrie had saw all of this, she now had blackmail material for the ‘princess’ if she so wished to use it. She felt a new feeling of joy and power. She felt like she was now the puppeteer and Melissa was her puppet. All she had to do was pull the right strings and Melissa would dance to whatever tune she wished.

“Thank you very much, Melissa, I now have complete control over you. I hope you are ready, ‘princess’.”

Carrie slipped away back along the same path she had taken. She didn’t want her new toy finding out that she knew her dirty little secret. That would not do at all.

Drip, drip, drip…

The last of the remaining drops of urine on her Swimsuit fell to the floor. Melissa took a few moments to stay lost in the bliss of relief. Once she had had her fill of it, she stood up and squeezed the remaining, already cooling, liquid absorbed by the crotch of her Swimsuit out. She cringed at the feeling but she knew it had to be done; she didn’t want to be dripping any more than she should have been on her way back to the pool.

“No one must ever know, especially not her or her Sisters. I’ll just make it look like I had just taken a small walk to stretch my legs before getting into the pool. The dampness of my Swimsuit would hardly be noticed. At least this dump had the right idea of making Swimsuits dark in colour.”

She back tracked down the way she came to go to the pool. The dampness of her swimsuit was starting to rub against her legs, sending shivers of disgust through her body. She couldn’t wait to get into the water and wash off any remaining ‘evidence’ on her Swimsuit.

“A long soak in the pool. That’s what I need.”

She still couldn’t help but feel dirty after what she had done, the pool, in her mind, would probably help wash that feeling away as well, or make it worse, she didn’t care at the moment, she thought the former was more likely than the latter.

After getting back to the pool and joining the rest of her class, she climbed the ladder into it, shivering slightly at the initial contact with the pleasantly cool, albeit slightly warm in places as well, water. The first sight she saw when she entered the water was Carrie’s grinning face. She seemed to be talking about something to her Sisters.

“Probably pointless gossip, nothing I should be concerned of. However, that grin does make me feel a little less certain… Maybe she is plotting something? Hah! I doubt that.”

“I’m telling you, it’s the truth! It was Melissa, I’m certain of it!” Carrie insisted.

“Maybe your mind’s being clouded over in this humid weather. She so wouldn’t do something like that.” Casey said, disbelief clear in her tone.

“Maybe she’s right. There are not many girls we know in 9R7 who would fit the same description.” Cleo considered, gazing off into the cloudless blue sky.

“See?! Cleo believes me! She clearly not as dense as you are, Casey.”

“Hey! Don’t call me dense! I just find it hard to believe that Little Miss Perfect would be caught doing such a thing. Maybe peeing with her Swimsuit to the side, but not through it! That’s a new low.”

Carrie was hit by this statement harder than she thought. She knew that if her Sister had found out what she did, she would never look at her the same way again. Trying not to give away the personal war being fought inside her mind, she quickly came up with a retort to Casey’s statement.

“Coming from you, I can hardly question what you say, considering you did it without a second thought. Maybe her swimsuit was pulled to the side, but I don’t think it was, I couldn’t see the back of it being pulled to any specific side so she either managed to pull it off without moving her Swimsuit too much or she just abandoned the whole idea and went straight to Stage 2. Either way, this could ruin her Perfect image.”

“Why are we trying to do that? That seems a little harsh.” Cleo said, shocked by her Sister’s plan of pure hatred.

“You, Cleo, should know better. She didn’t think twice when she exploited you in Primary School.”

Cleo remembered what Melissa had done to her back when they were in Year 5. Cleo wet herself while sleeping in class one day and Melissa took this as the prime opportunity to start bullying her. She remembered how badly she was treated by her classmates behind her Sisters’ backs, she remembered the humiliation she suffered, the names she was called and the psychological abuse she had to withstand. She quickly shook those memories out of her head and continued staring into the endless abyss of the clear blue skies.

“I know that but…”

“But nothing! This is the perfect chance, the prime opportunity, the sole lifeline at putting her through the same suffering you had to go through! It’s like a dream come true!”

“Who are you and what have you done with Carrie? She would never plot something as low as revenge for an old wound, let alone reopen one in Cleo. Snap out of it!” Casey was angered to see such a change in her Sister. Carrie would always say ‘Let old wounds die with time’ She wouldn’t want revenge for one, she considered that a poor excuse at escaping from reality. Casey shook Carrie in an attempt at removing whatever ‘demon’ had possessed her.

Carrie’s only response was a grin and a chuckle.

“Sometimes you have to break away from rules. Who needs them anyway? I’ve been stuck to them for too long, now’s my chance and I will take it. Wait and see…” Carrie was drunk on the ‘power’ she had obtained from witnessing such a spectacle; she had lost all means for rationale thought. Somewhere deep inside her, her old self was trapped in an iron prison, locked away until the insatiable thirst for revenge had been sated.

“Let’s have some fun…” Carrie said, the same malicious grin from before still on her face.

“Carrie! Snap out of it! Come back to us!” Casey was now worried. She shook Carrie again, this time harder.

“Carrie, you’re scaring me…” Cleo said, the slight quiver of fear in her voice.

“What are you talking about? I haven’t changed one bit…”

An evil glint could now be seen in Carrie’s eyes.

End of Chapter 5

An interesting revelation! What do you think may come of this sudden change of heart in Carrie? Read on and find out! Okay, I couldn't help with the cheesy line there, anyway, it will be impossible to read on now as Chapter 6 isn't even out yet. As I mentioned in the foreword, Chapter 6 may take a while to come out, but, rest assured, I will write it. Nyro out!

