My first Fiction

Author: Imouto Bouquet

*018*2013-12-10 21:45

Here’s the Bonus Chapter. I decided to put it in now as the next arc of the story is strongly influenced by this past motive for the Triplet’s hate towards Melissa, and it also gives some depth to Melissa as a character as well. This is mainly a story driven chapter but it does include some Omo moments in, be them quite few. It also contains strong issues like bullying and humiliation. It also includes loli wetting and bedwetting (set 4 years before the actual story, making the Triplets around 9 years old) so avoid if any of this upsets you. I’ll be sure to make sure you can still understand what is going on in the story when it returns to normal flow. This is a long Chapter, averaging at about 10,576 words (counted by Word), but it does provide valuable backing story to the 4 main characters, Cleo, Carrie, Casey and Melissa.

BONUS CHAPTER

Wednesday morning, 8:00am.

All was quiet in the Juniper triplet’s room. The sun slowly leaked through the partially open curtains, giving the room a soft, warm glow. Cleo, Carrie and Casey Juniper lay, still sleeping, in their beds. However, one of the girls, Cleo, was stirring in her bed. She slowly rolled over, from her left side to her back.

Cleo’s eyelids slowly fluttered open. The small girl had ash blond hair and green eyes. She was wearing pink strawberry prink pyjamas. She sat up rubbed the sleep out of her eyes. After she had woken up a little, she felt a strange damp sensation around her waist and down her left leg. She fidgeted a little in her bed, at the current moment she just dismissed it as sweat. It was a typically hot summer night the previous night, so she wasn’t surprised that she was a little clammy.

Still, she couldn’t just dismiss it that easily. She slowly made a mental checklist of what she could remember doing the night before. “Changed into pyjamas: check, Brushed teeth: check, Tidied my section of the room: check….” She couldn’t help but feel like she was forgetting something… “Put on ‘sleep panties’: no, Went to the bathroom…” She gasped and quickly checked under her covers.

Sure enough, not only her pyjama bottoms were wet, so were the covers under her legs. “Oh no, not again! Mom told me to put on my ‘sleep panties’ and ensure that I went to the bathroom before getting into bed. How could I forget?! She’s going to be so mad at me.”

Cleo had been suffering from bedwetting problems since she was 5 years old. Her mother would always scold her and make her clean her own bed sheets, bed clothes and anything else which she got wet. Her father would also strictly discipline her for her ‘lack of self-control’, as he put it, by making her pay for her own ‘sleep panties’ out of her pocket money.

Cleo felt like crying there and then, but she knew that wouldn’t help anything. So, red with embarrassment and shaking with fear, she slowly made her way out of her room and downstairs to the kitchen where her Mother and Father were having breakfast. The policy of the Juniper household was that all accidents, be them toileting, physical or destructive, were to be reported as soon as they happen to either June, the triplet’s Mother, or Timothy, the triplet’s Father.

The kitchen door was closed and that made it even more intimidating for little Cleo. She slowly reached her trembling hand towards the door handle and pulled it down. She pushed at the door and it opened without a sound. She peeked her head around the corner of the door, hiding her wet clothes and body behind it., and said in a trembling voice.

“Mom, I had an accident.”

Both Timothy and June were sitting at the table talking about various things. Upon hearing Cleo’s statement, June turned towards Cleo and said.

“What kind of accident?”

Cleo couldn’t bring herself to say it, so, instead, she decided to step into the kitchen and show them her soaked pyjama bottoms. She hung her head in shame and submission and stood there, waiting for the inevitable.

Timothy just looked angrily at Cleo for a few moments and went back to reading the book in his hand. June stood up and walked over to where Cleo was. Without even having to ask what had happened, the tell-tale angle the wetness was at and the sleeping position which Cleo always liked ever since she was a baby basically signposted what kind of ‘accident’ Cleo had, she said.

“Where’s the rest? There’s got to be more than just your pyjamas that are wet.”

Cleo turned away and made the walk of shame back to her room. Her sisters were bound to know what she had done as soon as their Mother walked into their room.

Cleo walked up to her bed, her Mother following after, and pulled back the top covers to reveal a large wet patch in the middle of the bed. Urine could also be faintly smelt near the wet patch.

“Strip the bed, clean the mattress, and put both the covers and your clothes in the washing machine. I expect to see you downstairs with your clothes and sheets in no more than 10 minutes. The washing powder and fabric softener used is going to be coming out of your next pocket money.” June said in a commanding tone.

“Yes Mom…” Cleo replied, her voice as soft as a whisper.

By this time, her sisters had already woken up.

“Not again, Sis. You’re going to end up with no pocket money at this rate.” Casey sighed as she got out of bed. Casey had green eyes and chestnut brown hair. She was also quite small. She was wearing red pyjamas. The design on them was meant to mimic that of pixilated blood being splashed from the picture of a pixel zombie with a bullet hole in its head on the front of the top. Casey always liked Zombie Shooter games, much to her parent’s dislike. She was banned from playing them by her Mother yet she still somehow managed to ‘convince’ her Father to buy them for her. ‘Convince’ meaning that she followed her Father around game shops with a copy of the game she wanted and continuously pestered him to buy it until he finally gave in to keep her quiet. Once the game was brought for her, she would often stay up late at the weekends and play it in secret, much to Cleo’s dismay. Cleo didn’t like anything ‘scary’ and she considered these games to be just that.

“Your heart’s as icy cold as ever, I see. Have some sympathy, can’t you see she’s really upset right now.” Carrie said as she climbed out of bed. Carrie had light brown hair, a petite body and, like her Sisters, green eyes. She was wearing a plain light blue pyjama set. Carrie was the mediator for any quarrels which Cleo and Casey had; however, she always took Cleo’s side as Casey’s was pretty insensitive most of the time. Carrie was much loved by both her parents for her seemingly flawless personality. She was always a high achiever, she was ahead with her developmental milestones by about a year or two and she always gave her best at everything which she did. Her only flaw, unbeknownst to both her sisters and her parents, was that she was as stubborn as ever, once she set her mind to something, nothing would stop her no matter what it may be.

“Want me to help clean and strip your bed while you clean yourself up in the bathroom?” Carrie offered to Cleo.

“Yes…” Cleo said with a slight nod. “But I have to be the one to carry them down otherwise Mom will be mad at me.”

“Not like she already isn’t.” Casey injected into the conversation with a mischievous grin.

Cleo just made a stifled whimper at that statement.

“Quiet, you! Haven’t you got to be getting ready for breakfast?” Carrie said angrily to Casey.

Casey just shrugged and proceeded to get changed.

Cleo made her way to the bathroom to get cleaned up. Once inside, she bolted the door behind her and proceeded to remove her drenched pink strawberry print pyjamas. Her pyjama bottoms were completely soaked around the crotch and down the left leg and her pyjama top was also wet along the bottom left side; thankfully, her vest managed to escape any damage. Her once white bunny print panties were now tinged yellow near the crotch and the left hand side of them were tinged yellow and completely soaked as well. She placed these wet clothes on the floor near sink. She picked up a flannel and some soap and proceeded to clean herself from the waist down. Once she had finished, she picked up her wet clothes and the flannel she used and went back to her room to collect her bed sheets.

She took them downstairs and proceeded to carry out the now routine task of washing her clothes and bed sheets. After she had put her soiled garments on a wash cycle, she picked up some cleaning fluid from the cupboard near the washing machine and took it upstairs to clean her mattress.

Both her sisters were now dressed and ready to eat breakfast. Carrie and Casey were now dressed in blue and white checked dresses with black school shoes on, the Uniform for their primary school. Carrie had her shoulder length hair neatly combed and held back by a black hairband and Casey still had her neck length hair in the ‘bed head’ style.

“Yo, Sis, if you don’t hurry they’ll be no breakfast left for you.” Casey said as Cleo entered the room.

“…’kay.” Was the mumbled reply from Cleo.

Cleo sprayed the cleaning agent on the large wet patch on her mattress and wiped it down with the cleaning cloth. One she had re-made her bed, she got dressed and ready for school. She put some yellow orange print panties her school’s uniform. She combed her shoulder length hair and tied it in a side pony tail. Once she was ready, she made her way downstairs for breakfast as well.

The triplet’s breakfast consisted of French toast and Orange Juice. Once they had finished eating, they got their school bags and headed for the front door. They waited for June to open the front door and unlock the Metallic Red car on the driveway. They climbed into the back seats and strapped their seatbelts in and waited for June to get into the driver’s seat and start up the car.

Beech Hill Primary wasn’t far from the Triplet’s home; it took about 10 minutes to get there by car and roughly 30 minutes by foot. It was a large primary school able to teach at least 20 classes of 30 children and it also had a large playground about the size of a football pitch. The students who attended were slightly ahead of their developmental norms so it was kind of a school for intelligent children.

The car pulled into the large parking lot around the side of the school and the triplets un-strapped their seatbelts and jumped out of the car. They had about 5 minutes to get to their classroom so they said a quick goodbye to their Mother and ran off towards the main school building.

They managed to get to their classroom without a moment to spare. Their teacher, Miss Marigold, greeted them warmly and asked them to sit down quickly and quietly as they were about to do morning registration.

Miss Elisa Marigold was a young woman who had just passed her primary teaching QTS (Qualified Teaching Status) no more than a year ago. She was about 24 years old and her first teaching job was in Beech Hill primary. She was eager to teach year 5 classes as that was her preferred teaching age. She was always practical with her lesson planning and allowed a lot of lee-way with them as she always liked the children to be able to do some of what they wanted during her lessons. Her preferred subject was English Literature and she always promoted time for private reading in her class schedule.

“You three came in at just the right time, you’re next on the register.” Miss Marigold said as the triplets sat down. “I can mark you off as being ‘on time’ instead of ‘late’.”

The register continued and the lessons began.

First period was Mathematics. Carrie enjoyed mathematics but Casey couldn’t stand it. Casey didn’t understand anything to do with mathematics; she always turned to Carrie and copied her answers, much to Carrie’s protest.

“If you don’t try to do some equations yourself, you’ll never get the hang of it.” Carrie lectured Casey.

“I would, but it’s all Greek to me. What are these symbol which look like ‘I’s’ and ‘V’s’?” Casey retorted

“That’s Roman, not Greek! They’re Numerals. Back in Rome many, many years ago, this is what the Romans used to number things, much like we use regular number like 1’s and 2’s.”

“I know, but what has that to do with Maths equations?”

“They’re numbers! Mathematics is all about numbers. Sometimes, these numerals are even used today. Just look at those Zombie shooter series you have at home. The sequel numbering uses Roman numerals like ‘Zombie Outbreak Part III’” Carrie wrote down the title as she dictated to Casey how Numerals are used today, she thought that a practical example, especially one which Casey knew and loved, would help her understand Numerals.

“Hey, I love that series! Nothing gets you ready for bed like shooting a few Zombies’ brains out!”

“I beg to differ. Anyway, that’s beside the point. Look at the ‘III’ at the end of the title, they’re numerals. You can use them in the place of numbers. It would look a little boring if we just used a regular ‘3’ there, wouldn’t it?”

“I guess so. So, all I have to do is basically change each regular number to either several ‘I’s’ or ‘V’s’?”

“Not quite, ‘4’ written in numerals is ‘IV’” Carrie said as she sketched down the numeral 4 on a piece of scrap paper. “’5’ is written in numeral ‘V’. ‘9’ is written in numerals ‘IX’. ’10 is written in numeral ‘X’” More sketching as she spoon-fed the information to Casey. “Basically, all you have to do is before each number ending in ‘4’, like ‘14’ for example, is put ‘IV’ after the X and before each number ending in ‘9’, like ‘19’, is put ‘IX’ after the X again. Every other number is basically just the same as the earlier ones but with more X’s in front until 100.”

“So, if I wanted to write 17 in numerals, I’d use ‘XVII’?”

“Pretty much. See, you’re getting the hang of it now! Try to do questions 1 through to 10 and check with me to see if they’re right. I want you to do this yourself, don’t ask Cleo for help.”

“Alright, I’ll give it a go.” Casey said as she started searching through the workbook for the question Carrie was on.

“Page 26” Carrie said as she saw her sister fumble with the pages.

After an uneventful Maths lesson, it was English. Cleo loved English as she was an avid reader, she loved reading before going to bed as she believed that it relaxed her and allowed her to sleep better, plus it gave her something to take her mind off Casey killing Zombies in the most bloody and brutal ways possible. Today, they were going through a simplified version of Shakespeare’s play “The Tempest”. Cleo’s vocabulary far surpassed that of the other children in her class, save for Carrie.

The other children in the class didn’t really mind if they were bested in certain subjects by other students, each child attended that school because they were gifted in different subject areas. Cleo was good at English, Casey was good at Art, sport and Creative writing, save for her poor spelling, grammar and punctuation and Carrie was good at practically everything. Many of the other students were perfectly fine with the broad range of talents in the class, all except for one girl. Melissa Mayers.

Melissa was the daughter of the head of the newly founded ‘Belladonna Baby’ children’s fashion range. Her Father, Gerald Mayers, recently came to fame in the world of children’s fashion shortly after he submitted a costume design, modelled by his daughter, to a fashion magazine. The head of a large clothing company saw this submission and believed that Gerald had a future in fashion designs and his daughter, Melissa, had a future in modelling. Melissa was a stunningly cute girl with piercing blue eyes, silky smooth raven hair and a petite body. She had a cute button nose and a smile worthy of the catwalk. She knew she was very cute and she sure flaunted it to get her own way. Her Father was also on the board of governors for Beech Hill Primary and she used that to her advantage.

She was always alone before her Father became rich, she was ignored by most of the students as she wasn’t particularly talented in any subject area, she was still ahead with her development though, most of the time she barely scraped through the small tests they held at the school, most of this was due to the fact that she refused to study. She had talent, but it was underdeveloped as she didn’t really push for it to become known. She was jealous of the triplets, they were always together and looking out for each other. Laughing, joking, teasing, playing, whatever they did, they did it together.

Melissa was an only child so she didn’t know what it felt like to have siblings. Most of all, she was jealous of Carrie. Carrie was perfect and flawless in both the eyes of the teachers and the students. She excelled at everything and was always the top of the class when it came to averages after tests. She rarely scored beneath 95%. Melissa believed that she was being shown up, she should be the top of her class, she should be seen as perfect, she should be loved by teachers and students alike, not her! Melissa wanted to get at Carrie, but she couldn’t see any way of doing it. Carrie was perfect, no flaws at all. It would be a huge task, but she’ll do it in the end.

Little did she know that that opportunity would come today.

After the English lesson it was snack time. Snack time was a short 20 minute interval between the morning and afternoon lessons. This allowed the children to go to the toilet, have a bite to eat and burn off some energy. It also gave some time for some plotting to take place.

Melissa watched as the Juniper triplets ran out onto the playground after going to the toilet.

“Look at her, leading the way again.” Melissa thought as she watched Carrie lead Cleo and Casey out onto the playground. “The other two would be lost without her. They follow blindly like sheep to a shepherd. Without her, I doubt they’d even be able to attend this school she’s the one who militantly drills lessons into their thick skulls. I’m surprised she hasn’t ditched those freeloaders yet. Maybe, just maybe, if I manage to get at one of her ‘sheep’ the ‘shepherd’ will be at a loss.” A malicious grin came to Melissa’s face. “That’s what I’ll do. But how will I go about it…” There was a lot of flaws with Carrie’s sisters, too many. Plus, it also came down to which sister Carrie liked best, if she hit at the wrong one, Carrie might not even bat an eyelid in her direction and her chance will be lost. More observing was needed, much more.

She stalked her quarry like a tiger stalks its prey, waiting for the right moment to strike while also gathering information on them. From the reactions each sister’s teases, Carrie seemed to be more defensive of Cleo, which could be because Cleo wasn’t as good at answering back as Casey was. Cleo was a ‘nice girl’ after all, loved by teachers for her innocence and cute charms whereas Casey was more of a loud mouth, if she had a problem with someone, she’ll let them know it, for some strange reason, that also caught the teacher’s attention for positive reasons, something to do with ‘being able to personally form friendships and communicate discontent with others’, whatever that meant. Either way, she hadn’t got much further than when she started.

Only 10 minutes of snack time left, not a lot of time for the amount of information she needed. Plus, it appeared that Carrie had sort of latched onto what was going on. She kept looking in Melissa’s direction, seeming able to see through the cover which Melissa had between her and Carrie. “Smart girl, no wonder you’re loved by teachers.” Melissa thought bitterly to herself. After more information gathering, Melissa was sure that Carrie preferred Cleo over Casey, now all she needed was some dirt on Cleo, anything will do.

The school bell rang, signalling the end of Snack Time. Melissa and her quarry made their way back to class for a French Lesson.

The class went by seemingly without any incident. Cleo seemed to struggle a little with some French words but that wouldn’t get Melissa anywhere, every one struggled a little with a foreign language, everyone except Carrie. Carrie seemed to easily pick up what they had been taught at the start of the lesson and apply it to her work, almost like she had been born and raised in France itself. Melissa clenched her teeth, seething with anger at the seemingly ‘perfect’ girl on the table opposite her. “Just you wait, Carrie Natalie Juniper! I’ll get you one day, mark my words!” Melissa had done it, she pulled the last straw, she had started using Carrie’s full name, a name which all children feared their parents using. She felt like it gave her some power over her, it made her feel like she was in control. Not very useful unless the other person can hear it though, but Melissa didn’t care.

At the end of the lesson, when Miss Marigold was going through the lesson objectives, Cleo looked like she was about to fall to sleep. Her eyes seemed heavy and her head was nodding forwards. “Go to sleep, Cleo. This would be perfect. Cleo can’t even stay awake for a full school day. What a baby. That would be perfect to target her with.” Sadly, Cleo managed to stay awake for the remainder of the lesson. It was now time for lunch.

It was true; Cleo was nodding off after French because she was tired after staying up late reading the night before. She wanted to finish the book she was on. She slightly regretted doing that now. “I’ll probably be okay after I’ve got some food in me. I’m probably hungry more than tired.” She thought to herself, almost willing it to be true. She did feel really tired.

Food, toilet, play, stalking, lesson. That’s how it went throughout lunch. Melissa was still at a loss of what to do. She already had a little idea, she was considering some hypnosis on Cleo, which she had learnt from television, to make her fall asleep in class but first she needed to get close to Cleo, not a chance with Carrie and Casey around. Her only change lay in History Class, the next lesson.

History Class, most students would call it a sleeping session. Why look at past mistakes? Nevertheless, History is an important aspect of the National Curriculum, for both Primary and Secondary school students, also a perfect lesson to catch a nap in. Melissa was sure that Cleo would end up falling to sleep in it, and that she did.

While Miss Marigold went on about how the Roman Empire was first created, Cleo’s eye were getting heavier and heavier. “I mustn’t fall asleep, I mustn’t fall asleep, I mustn’t…” Cleo’s eyes closed.

She found herself in a pleasant dream about a book she’d just read. She was in some magical kingdom abundant with fairies, elves, centaurs, sylvan, any fantasy creature you can think of and a giant friendly silver dragon. She imagined riding on the dragon’s back over lakes, streams, waterfalls… waterfalls? She was sure they weren’t that many in the book she’d read. There was only one waterfall, and that’s where the water dragon lived. But this waterfall, it didn’t feel right. The dragon stopped by the waterfall and dropped her off. It then flew away into the mountains nearby. She walked closer to the waterfall, only to find it to be an illusion. It led to a rock face with a mountain cave inside it.

Cleo walked into the cave and all that was in there was a single golden lake. A golden lake? Weren’t lakes meant to be clear and pristine? This lake felt off, she also had the unbearable urge to just dive right in and swim in the lake. She couldn’t fight the urge; she jumped into the lake, only to find it to be an empty fissure in the rocks. She landed on her bottom with a bump. She stood up and moved to the centre of the lake where she spied a small note. She picked up the note and it read “Lake Cleo, please enjoy your stay in the warm water.”

Cleo was surprised to find a lake named after her, considering she was standing in an empty fissure. Or so it seemed. When she picked up the note, it opened a small hole in the fissure and water started to seep into it, warm golden water. She couldn’t get out of the fissure; there was no ladder or steps. The water level rose and rose and rose until it had nearly fully consumed Cleo. She scrambled at the walls to see if there were any footholds, there were none. The water level rose ever more and now it had fully engulfed Cleo. She thrashed in the water, trying to get to the surface, she couldn’t. She sank into the water and all went black.

In the blackness, Cleo could hear a voice calling her name, it sounded like Carrie. Cleo slowly opened her eyes and found she was still in the classroom.

“What a strange dream.” She said quietly.

Then it hit her. She had fallen asleep, in class. How embarrassing. Plus, she also felt like she was sitting in something damp. She shuffled around and realised that it was her who was damp. She looked down and saw that she was sitting in a darkened damp patch on the carpet which wasn’t there when she sat down. She gasped and buried her head in her hands. Not only had she fallen asleep in class, she had also ‘wet the bed’, in class! She broke down into tears and Carrie and Miss Marigold tried to comfort her.

“Gold! Pure Gold! Quite literally at that.” Mellissa thought to herself. She had witness the whole display. The sleeping, the wetting, the crying, the look of disgust and amusement in the other students faces, but most of all, the outright humiliation of the one who her arch enemy, Carrie Natalie Juniper, held dear. “I’ll milk this for all it’s got! Carrie will suffer at the hands of her dearest sister’s failure!”

Melissa had a lot of connections in the school, she was well known in most years because of her debuts in the most elite children’s fashion magazines. She would make sure the whole school heard of this, and there’s nothing the triplets could do about it, she pulled the strings here, and this shall be her grandest puppet show yet featuring the hated Juniper triplets and the fairest of them all, Melissa herself! “Let’s go and have some fun…”

Sure enough, rumours spread like wildfire around schools. By the time Melissa had informed all her contacts of the ‘accident’, almost half the whole school already knew. She had only just informed them in time before a twisted version of the rumour, one which was surely spread by a Juniper triplet, one stating that a queue to the bathrooms had prevent Cleo from going toilet before lunch was over had led to the ‘accident’, managed to corrupt potential allies to Melissa’s cause. She, of course, no matter how corrupt her cause was, spread the absolute truth of the ‘accident’.

Cleo was distraught after her ‘accident’. She hadn’t stopped crying for a full 30 minutes, no matter how consoling both Miss Marigold and Carrie had been. Cleo had been hastily cleaned and changed into her P.E kit and had a spare pare of panties, supplied by the school, on. She was sitting in the staff room, a small plastic bag, containing Cleo’s wet clothes inside it with a note detailing “Cleo Juniper, 5EM, Toileting Accident” on the front of it, beside her on the floor. Cleo and Carrie were excused from the last lesson. This gave Melissa ample time to corrupt and spread the rumour even more.

At the end of the day, Melissa had managed to spread the rumour throughout the entire school, destroying the kind white lie spread by Carrie and Miss Marigold. Melissa’s little puppet show was just beginning. She still had more tricks up her sleeves.

Even though she didn’t want to, Miss Marigold knew that she had to inform Cleo’s parents about her ‘accident’ at school. She left Carrie to comfort Cleo and went to use the phone in the School’s reception area to call Cleo’s parents. She dialled the number and went through the usual protocol which teachers had to follow and only told Mrs Juniper that she “Needed to talk to her after school.” The conversation was brief to say the least.

When it was time for pick-up after school, Cleo dreaded going home. She knew that two bedwetting accidents, one being at school and during a lesson, and the other being the one from the morning, would not please her parents one bit. She waited in the staff room with Carrie and shivered in fear as she thought what her Mother would say about this.

Casey had to be the bearer of bad news for her Mother. She went out to the parking area at the side of the School and found her Mother waiting by the car. She walked over to her and said.

“Mom, Miss Marigold would like to see you in the staff room. It’s about Cleo.”

Mrs Juniper just rolled her eyes and said. “What has she done this time?”

“Miss Marigold thought it would be best if you talked about it face to face.”

“Fine. Lead the way.”

Casey led her Mother to the staff room and knocked on the door; Miss Marigold opened it and led them both into the staff room. As soon as Mrs Juniper saw Cleo dressed in her P.E kit with a plastic bag next to her, she believed she knew what she had done.

“What I wanted to talk to you about…well…” Miss Marigold started

“I already know.” Mrs Juniper stated matter of factly.

“Well, anyway, protocol demands that I need to tell you. She had a little ‘accident’ in History class.”

Cleo’s head drooped and she just stared at the floor, still shaking a little. Carrie put a comforting arm around her.

“Continue.” Mrs Juniper said coldly.

“She fell asleep while I was talking about Roman history. It’s dry and boring, I know, but that’s not why I called you here. While she was sleeping, she seemed to, how should I put this, wet herself. I don’t know if she suffers from this problem at home, that’s not my place to know, but as I said before, protocol demands that you are informed of any accidents your child may have while they are in our care. So I thought it best to inform you.”

“Did she tell you why she fell asleep?”

“No, I don’t think she did. She was too upset to answer questions earlier. She was crying for a full 30 minutes.”

“I was up late finishing a book I was reading last night. I was only 20 minutes late for sleeping but I thought that wouldn’t harm me. I guess I was wrong…” Cleo answered quietly, her voice shaking in fear.

Mrs Juniper’s eyes took on an angry glint now, she could barely supress the rage in her voice when she answered Cleo.

“We shall have a serious conversation when we get in, Cleo.”

Miss Marigold could tell that Mrs Juniper was close to scolding Cleo there and then, but she barely suppressed it. She also saw that Cleo was, again, close to tears. She thought she had to do something to prevent this conflict from escalating.

“Now, Cleo, I know that stories can be quite absorbing and a good pass time but you shouldn’t neglect your health to finish a book. It’s not good for you.” Miss Marigold tried to sound firm, be she just couldn’t. She didn’t want to make Cleo break down into tears there and then.

“I know, I’m sorry, Miss Marigold.” Cleo answered quietly.

“Carrie, Casey, wait by the car. Elisa, Cleo and I need to talk in private.” Mrs Juniper said in a commanding tone to the two girls standing by the door to the staff room. Carrie and Casey left the room and shut the door behind them.

However, they did not return to the car, instead they waited outside the staff room and listened in.

Miss Marigold knew that Mrs Juniper was trying to undermine her authority as Cleo’s teacher by using her first name in Cleo’s presence. She knew exactly how to counter this disrespect.

“Well, June, what is it we need to talk about now that Carrie and Casey have left the room?”

“Cleo’s always like this at home, too. She’s been like this since she first started this school. She’s costing us a fortune in cleaning fees so my husband and I had to take action. We make her pay for all the cleaning products she uses out of her own pocket money, plus we also make her pay for her pyjama pants which she neglects wearing. It’s almost like she enjoys costing us a lot of money.”

Miss Marigold had never seen such a neglecting and stern Mother like June Juniper. She couldn’t believe what she was hearing. One thing remained uncertain though, how the parents react to Cleo’s night-time accidents.

“I don’t believe she enjoys it as much as you make her out to. It’s quite a self-confidence destroyer, she probably feels upset, embarrassed and scared. I have just one question, how do you react after she announces her little accidents.”

“I think she does, Elisa. It’s easy, we punish her by giving her a stern scolding and we also sometimes ban her from reading dependant on how often she’s come down in the morning wet during a week. So in short, we scold, punish and ground her, to some extent.”

Just what Miss Marigold didn’t want to hear. What she’d been taught is that if a child is suffering from bedwetting problems, they should be consoled about them and they should also be helped by their parents to overcome their problems. What Mrs Juniper and her husband were doing was the exact polar opposite.

“Well, June. I personally don’t think that’s the best way to go about it. I think that Cleo needs the moral support and understanding of her parents to help her overcome her problems, not a scolding.”

“Are you trying to tell me how to raise my Children?!” Mrs Juniper shot back, angrily.

“Not at all, I’m just saying what I would do in that situation.”

“Well, I’ve been the Mother of this problem child for 9 years. I should know how to treat her and what sort of things she responds positively to. Do not even think you understand her more than I do!”

“I never said I did.” Miss Marigold replied calmly. “Even though the way you go about it is completely wrong and in no situation should you ever call your child a ‘problem child’. Personally, I do not even think you are fit to be called their Mother.” She thought to herself.

“Now that we are on the same page, I’ll be taking my daughter and giving her the punishment she requires for what she did today. Good day to you, Elisa!” Mrs Juniper said as she stormed towards the door.

“And a good day to you too, June.” Miss Marigold said quietly. As Cleo slowly walked past her, she tapped her on the shoulder and gave her a pamphlet, written in a way children should be able to understand, about bedwetting and ways to stop it. “Give this a quick read tonight, it should give you some information which your Mother seems to think you don’t need. Feel free to talk to me about any issue which you may have at home, I promise I’ll keep it between the two of us.”

“…’kay.” Cleo said as she gave a slight nod. She then proceeded to follow her Mother out of the room.

When the triplets got back home, Cleo was commanded to take her P.E clothes off and the panties she was leant by the School and to meet her parents in the kitchen as soon as she had finished getting changed. By that, her parents meant five minutes at the most. It took her this time to get upstairs and find a dress to wear, she didn’t have the time to find a clean pair of panties and put them on and so she just chose a reasonably long dress to wear until her scolding was over. She also felt like she needed the toilet, but she knew she didn’t have the time for that, plus it was probably just fear making her body feel things that weren’t actually true. So, with a feeling of dread, she made her way to the kitchen for her scolding.

When she got into the kitchen, she found that both her Sisters were in there with her parents and that a chair had been moved from the table to the large open space where the cookers and worktops were located around. I sat there, like an interrogation chair in some mystery books she’d read before. The feeling of fear had escalated to the point that Cleo’s whole body was shaking and she felt nauseous. She made her way towards the solitary chair and sat down on it, waiting for her punishment.

June lead the scolding, with Timothy cutting in every now and then to back up June’s argument. Carrie and Casey watched in silence as their Sister was degraded, insulted and put down in front of their eyes. They couldn’t do anything to help; June wouldn’t listen to them, not even to Carrie at this moment in time. This is where Carrie got her indomitable stubbornness from and she hated it when it was used against any one of them.

Cleo couldn’t stop crying when the scolding started, all she could do was try to get her replies through the unending floods of tears which came from her eyes. Most of her replies were “I’m sorry.”, that’s all she could say in that situation. June wouldn’t listen to her. The feeling of nausea and the bursting need to relieve herself rose. She was feeling positively ill most of the time. Her stomach felt like it had been through a car crusher and her throat was as dry as a desert, her abdomen burned with a searing pain and her muscles had turned weak, she could barely sit up straight on the chair. Her body’s shaking had become intensified to the point that anyone who could see her could see the fact that she was shaking violently. Her vision became blurred and her hearing had become muffled. She wasn’t sure what was happening, all she knew was that she had never been more scared in her whole life.

The scolding continued, despite Cleo’s visible fear. However, Timothy no longer bore an angry expression; it had changed to one of concern. He had seen all of what was happening to Cleo while June mercilessly carried on with her lecture. He had seen how her slight trembles had become visible shakes. He could also tell that her replies were becoming more and more mumbled and less audible. He no longer felt that it was necessary to put Cleo through any further unneeded humiliation or stress, but he also knew that once his wife had set her mind on something, there was no stopping her. He moved slightly closer to Cleo’s position, but not enough for it to be noticed by Cleo and put further stress on her.

By now, Cleo could barely see or hear anything, save for the rapid palpations of her heart.

Thump thump, thump thump, thump thump.

And her short, rapid, panicked breaths. The feeling of sickness in her had risen to an unbearable level. She could feel the bile rise up her throat from her stomach and into her mouth. She couldn’t hold it back any longer; the bile was forcibly ejected out of her mouth and onto the floor in front of her. Joining her stomach’s contents, a puddle was beginning to spread out from underneath Cleo and fall onto the floor like raindrops on a wet spring day. Her legs had also become warm and wet from the liquid which busted out of her bladder and pooled on the seat underneath her. Her vision turned to blackness, her hearing had been reduced to a ringing sound as she slowly slipped into unconsciousness.

After seeing the events unfold, Timothy ran to were Cleo was sitting, avoiding the mess on the floor and quickly caught her before she fell head-first onto the hard tiled floor of the kitchen. Carrie and Casey didn’t know what was happening; they were scared for Cleo’s safety. June had stopped her lecture and stormed out of the kitchen leaving Carrie, Casey, Timothy and an unconscious Cleo behind. Carrie and Casey were fuming with rage at their Mother’s actions. They felt like they were about to commit the ultimate taboo in the Juniper household, talking back to their Mother.

When Cleo awoke, she found herself lying in her own bed. Her head was pounding. She slowly sat up and began to open her eyes, only to feel a hand grasp her shoulder quite forcibly. When her eyes had opened, she looked around her bed and found Carrie, Casey and her Father all gathered around the bed. Her Father was the one who put a hand on her shoulder.

“What happened, why am I in bed?” Cleo mumbled questioningly.

“Cleo! You okay, Sis?!” Casey dived on the bed and hugged Cleo.

“You gave us quite the scare. Thankfully, you seem to be alright.” Carrie answered, a smile forming on her lips.

“Cleo, I’m so sorry, baby. I had no idea how you actually felt when we told you off. Why didn’t you tell me sooner that it scared you so much?” Her Father said in a comforting tone.

Cleo had no idea what had got her Sisters and Father all concerned for her. Still, she answered her Father’s question; he seemed different, less stern and more caring.

“Because Mom wouldn’t listen, she’ll just say that I’m lying to get out of punishments.”

“That sounds just like her.” Carrie said bitterly, secretly hating that aspect of her which she undoubtedly got from her Mother, she just hoped that she wouldn’t one day turn into her Mother because of it.

Casey said nothing; she just snuggled into her sister and held her in a firm hug.

“By the way, what’s my punishment?” Cleo apprehensively asked.

“None. Mother, Carrie, Father and I all had a talk after you blacked out. We managed to ‘convince’ her to not punish you this time.” Carrie said, a pained look in her eyes, as she placed the top of her left arm in her right hand and turned to face her arm. Cleo could barely see a red mark on Carrie’s right cheek, it looked like a hand. Plus, her face seemed to show a slight amount of pain when she held her arm. Cleo decided not to press this matter for the best. She knew that it wouldn’t have been just a talk which convinced her Mother to let her off punishment. Cleo felt slightly guilty but relived at the same time.

“Anyway, Casey stop clinging onto your sister like she’s about to fly away and let her rest. Her head must still feel like it’s been through the washing machine on a full spin cycle. Dinner will be ready in about an hour, rest up for that time, okay?” Carrie said to Cleo.

“Okay.” Cleo said as Carrie made her way out of the room with her Father and Casey. “Carrie!” Cleo called after her.

“Yes?”

“Thanks, for everything.” Cleo said gratitude clear in her voice.

“That’s what big Sister’s do, right? Although I don’t really think I can be classed as a ‘big’ sister, I’m only two minutes older than you after all. Rest well.” Carrie answered, tears of happiness beginning to form at the corners of her eyes.

They left the room and Cleo lay back down in bed, feeling happier than she had ever before. But she still couldn’t shake the look in Carrie’s eyes when she answered her question about the punishment. It looked pained, like she’d been physically abused by her Mother for trying to back her sister up. She also couldn’t forget the mark on her face, or the way she held her left arm like it had been hit against something really hard with great force. Those images played in her min while she slowly tried to fall asleep again.

Meanwhile, Carrie, Casey and their Father had a small talk regarding the ‘convincing’ which took place not too long ago.

“I really think you should get that arm seen to. It looked like you hit it quite hard against the table corner.” Casey said, concerned about the way Carrie was holding her left arm and wincing in pain with every movement of it.

“I-it’s nothing big, probably just a bad bruise.” Carrie said, sounding less certain than she believed she was. Every movement sent a searing pain through the arm like it had just been put into a huge campfire; she could barely hold back the pained tears which assaulted her with every step. “I can’t be that bad, right? I can still move it, but it hurts so much! It’s probably still the shock of the impact playing tricks on my pain sensors. It’ll be better after a rest, right?” She thought herself, trying to convince herself that it wasn’t a big deal.

“Still, I can’t believe that Mom would do that to you. Slap you across the face and throw you against the table corner. I thought you were her favourite.”

“Not one of us is her ‘favourite’. She dislikes each of us in one way or the other.” Carrie answered coldly. “Me? She just sees me as the spitting image of herself.” She delivered this line with malice clear in her voice. “She wants me to become like her, a cold stickler to the rules. She doesn’t want me to have any freedom. She wants me to achieve top scores on all tests I do, she’s not happy with anything less. She scolds me when I score less than 100%, which is most of the time, she just prefers me over you two because she thinks there’s ‘potential’ in me, potential to become someone who is talked about in history.

Fat chance of that. I wouldn’t want to become like that, I like my freedom, I don’t want to overshadow you or Cleo, I don’t want to make you feel undervalued. We’re all good at what we like best, Cleo’s more likely to become a writer than anything else, and you’re more likely to become a games programmer or designer with the amount of time and effort you put into understanding video games and their mechanics. I’m happy with who I am, and who you two are. I wouldn’t want it any other way.” Tears were starting to form in Carrie’s eyes, but she quickly wiped them away. “Anyway, let’s go and help Father make dinner.”

The rest of the day passed uneventfully, Cleo was starting to feel a little better around dinner time. Their Mother remained quiet all the time she was with them. Carrie still cradled her left arm every now and then and tried to hide the pain in her face every time she moved or touched it.

The next few days played hell on Cleo and her sisters. Cleo was being bullied by Melissa’s ‘entourage’ about her accident. She kept this a secret from her sisters as best as she could, but she knew it wouldn’t be long before Carrie’s excellent perceptiveness saw through Cleo’s little lies. Carrie’s had to leave school early the following day as her left arm was causing her so much pain that she could barely move it. Miss Marigold called Carrie’s Father and told him to book an emergency appointment at the nearest hospital’s A&E department; Carrie was seen shortly after she got there. It appeared that she had fractured the top of her left arm quite badly but I was hard to notice as the fracture was hidden by muscle, she had to get it seen by an X-Ray. They put it in a cast and gave her some child-suitable pain suppressers. She didn’t tell them the truth about how she got the fracture; she said it was a sports accident.

Casey was too busy worrying about her Sisters to concentrate much on anything else; this made her grades slip and, consequently, made her put more pressure on Carrie to teach her what she had missed. Melissa, on the other hand, was revelling in the pain she was causing Cleo; she had puppeteered many more things into her elaborate web of suffering for Cleo. She knew just who she would employ to deliver the final blow to Cleo and make her a laughing stock, not only for her class and Melissa’s friends, but also for the rest of the school. Melissa would deceive the boy who seemed to have some feelings towards her, he was a year older than her and a valued member of the student community so he should easily be able to carry out the plan which Melissa had engineered. “Everything is falling into place; soon it will be time for the final act, the crescendo of my perfectly planned attack towards Carrie. I hope she enjoys it when her sister is made a mockery of by the whole school.”

This ‘plan’ which Melissa had thought of took place a week after the incident. By this time Carrie was more than suspicious of Cleo’s strange behaviour in and around the school. She knew that Cleo was hiding something from her, but what? Carrie couldn’t really do much with her injured arm but she was sure that she could help her; she just needed to know what the problem was. If all else fails, she could always turn to Casey for help.

During lunch time, the girls went about their usual lunchtime routine. It all went smoothly until it came to attending to toileting needs before going out onto the playground. Cleo was, as usual, leading the way to the toilets, she tried to open the door, but it seemed stuck. Stuck? No, not quite. It felt like it was being blocked by someone or something. She shoved once more, but she couldn’t open the door. She daren’t try any harder; she already drank a lot during break and lunch so she needed the toilet pretty badly. Casey and Carrie finally caught up to Cleo and noticed the predicament she was in.

“Can’t open the door, Sis?” Casey asked.

“Nope. “ Cleo replied. She crossed her legs a little.

“Strange, you normally can. Is it stuck or something?”

“I think someone is blocking it.”

“I’ll give it a go.”

Casey shoved at the door in an attempt to open it. Sure enough, it was being blocked by someone. She thought that she could hear grunts of effort every time she shoved it.

“If you need to go that badly, Cleo, why not just use your panties? You seem to like doing that.” A snide male voice came from the other side of the door. “Give it up; you’ll never open this door. I’m much stronger than you; you’ll only wet yourself trying. Not that you’d mind.” The voice scoffed.

“It’s a shame you thought she’d be alone. Girls never go to the bathroom alone. Seems like I’ll have to kick this door open. I’m sure you can’t stand against me, the star of the girl’s football team. You probably know that I’ve got quite the kick in me. Brace yourself.” Casey half joked at the boy’s vain attempt at getting Cleo to give up. She walked back a short way and gave a running kick at the door, jumping and using the sole of her foot to hit the centre of the door. “Take THIS!”

The door flew open and the boy fell backwards from the sheer force of the impact. Cleo ignoring what was going on and ran straight to the first cubicle free and locked the door behind her. She didn’t even care that there may have been a boy on the other side of the cubicle door. She sat down and let out her warm liquid which she had been holding in for the best part of an hour and a half. It made a trickling noise as water met water.

Lawrence, the boy who had a crush on Melissa and tried to bar the door from Cleo, didn’t even begin to care that Cleo was relieving herself in a cubicle not far from him, all his attention was on was the girl in front of him who kicked the door open. Sure enough, it was Casey Juniper, the star of the Girl’s football team. From his current angle, with a little bit of peering, he could be able to see her light blue ribbon panties; again, he didn’t much care for it as he knew the stories of boys who had crossed Casey the wrong way. He remembered what they went on about one P.E lesson when one unlucky boy tried to flip Casey’s skirt. Needless to say, his voiced seemed much higher than normal and he seemed to holding an ice pack over his crotch for the rest of the day. Apparently, his privates had taken a critical hit from Casey’s foot. He didn’t want to meet the same fate. She walked closer and he backed away, covering his crotch with one hand.

“Well then.” Casey said with a slight grin on her face. “Are you going to be a good boy and tell us who put you up to this, or do you want me to do to your privates what I did to the door? Which will it be?”

He knew that Casey wasn’t joking around. But he still pushed his luck.

“Carrie, you’re always one to follow rules. You wouldn’t let her kick me now, would you? Violence is not allowed on the school grounds, remember?”

Carrie knew what she would say, but she made it seem like she considered his point of view, it was fun to watch him squirm.

“Well, I don’t think you’re one to talk, boys aren’t allowed in the girl’s bathroom. Yes, I do know that violence is not allowed, but I could always turn my back and pretend that I didn’t see her kick you. Who would the school believe more, me or you? Casey, he’s all yours.” Carrie delivered this statement with an icy grin on her face and turned her back on the whole thing.

“If you say so, Sis. I hope you’ve said your goodbyes to your boyhood ‘cause when I’m done with them, you wouldn’t even recognise them anymore. Or, you could take the option two and tell me who put you up to this. Which will it be?”

He didn’t want to get beaten up by a girl in the year below him, that would be a double dose of embarrassment. Dose one would be getting beaten up by someone a year younger than him and dose two, the most embarrassing in terms of boy’s views, getting beaten up by a girl. He decided to talk on Casey’s demands.

“Spill your guts, or I’ll spill your boyhood.” She said with a malicious grin.

“Okay, okay, I’ll talk! It was Melissa Mayers, a girl in your class! She’s the one who told me to do this.”

“Melissa…” Carrie said upon hearing that name. “I thought she was acting suspicious.”

“Thanks for that, pansy. I’ll still critically hit your privates, on Carrie’s request.” Casey said, smiling.

The sound of a toilet flushing drew all their attention to the origin of the noise. Cleo walked out of the cubicle and shut the door behind her.

Cleo looked at the three people in the room. Carrie was standing with her back to Casey and Casey was standing over a boy who was lying on the floor, both of his hands were over his crotch. A boy?! Cleo only just realized that there was a boy in the toilet the entire time that she was emptying her bladder. Her face turned bright red and she quickly walked over to the nearest sink to wash her hands.

Lawrence used this brief distraction to flee the scene, his boyhood still intact. Casey turned to run after him but she was stopped by Carrie who just shook her head.

“Melissa will see to him, we’ve got bigger problems.” Carrie said gravely. She indicated towards where an embarrassed Cleo was washing her hands. Both of them walked over to her location.

“Cleo, how long has this been going on for? I don’t think this was the first time something like this has happened to you, the concerned party taken into account.” Carrie questioned Cleo.

Cleo hung her head. So her secret was out?

“It started yesterday.” Cleo lied.

“Cleo.” Carrie said firmly, she wasn’t fooled.

“It started last Thursday.”

“Why didn’t you tell us?”

“I didn’t want you to get involved. You’ve already got hurt one time for my sake. What if they did worse?” Cleo said looking at Carrie’s fractured arm.

“That’s no excuse to not tell us, Cleo. We didn’t have to do anything personally. We could have gone through it using the proper measures. We could have proposed your case to Miss Marigold and she would have taken it to the head of discipline and child safety.”

“Who started this?!” Casey asked, half shouting.

“Casey, don’t do anything rash.” Carrie turned to Casey, she had a rough idea of what she might do.

“Who started this?!” She demanded answers.

“The boy said Melissa.” Cleo said.

“Cleo –“ Carrie’s reply was cut off by Casey saying.

“I’ll be right back, Sis. I’ve got some unfinished business to attend to.”

“Casey! Stop this, you can’t –“

“I can and I will! Just you watch me!” Casey ran out of the girl’s bathroom and into the playground. Cleo and Carrie followed after.

Casey’s mind was in no condition for rational thought. Only one thing was clear in her mind, she’d make Melissa pay for bullying her baby Sister. She ran right to where she saw Melissa on the playground. “I’ll get you for this, you little piece of –“

Carrie and Cleo ran after Casey as fast as they could, they weren’t as fast as her, after all, she had a lot of experience running, but they did manage to not stay that far behind her.

As soon as Casey got within arm’s reach of Melissa she threw a powerful right hook straight towards her ‘pretty little face’. It connected with a powerful smack. Melissa fell backwards and looked up at Casey in shock.

“You… hit me…” She said, her voice quivering.

“Yeah I did! And there’s plenty more where that came from you little bi- “

“Casey!” Carrie shouted.

Casey ignored Carrie’s voice, her mind fully set on Melissa. Melissa stood up a little shakily and looked straight into Casey’s eyes.

“You hit me! Wait until I tell Daddy about this, you thug!” Melissa shouted at Casey

“When I’m finished with you, you conniving sack of ###, you wouldn’t even be able to so much as utter a single letter!” (Casey had learned a lot of inappropriate words from the games she played, she could swear like a sailor when she was angry)

“CASEY! Watch your language! Cleo’s here you know, I don’t want her picking up any bad habits from you!” Carrie scolded. It fell on deaf ears. Carrie made her way towards where the two girls were having there little cat fight.

“What did you just call me?! You plebeians have no manner when it comes to addressing a girl of my status!”

“Can it, ...brain! I’m not finished with you yet!” Casey threw another punch at Melissa. This time it did not go unnoticed, and neither did her swearing. The Headmaster was on playground duty that day and he hear this initial raised voices and it made him look in Casey’s direction. She was called into his office shortly after being found out by him. She was swearing all the time he was carrying her to his office. It took two teachers to fully detain Casey.

She nearly got expelled from the school, had it not been for Carrie’s reasoning and Miss Marigold’s promise that she isn’t like that during class and that she was probably having an ‘off day’ or something. Melissa also got called to the Headmaster’s office but she got let off with a warning due to a bribe secretly made between Gerald Mayers and the Headmaster.

After the heated cat fight between Casey and Melissa, Cleo didn’t experience any more trouble from any of Melissa’s ‘entourage’ and Casey got a new nickname from it. Alongside “Privates Pulveriser” she was also called “Beech Hill’s Bully-Basher” due to her ‘heroic’ efforts in Cleo’s bullying case, which soon transferred all the students from Melissa’s side to the Juniper triplet’s side, for pure fear of getting “Pulverised” or “Bashed” by Casey.

Casey said to Cleo, shortly after getting out of the Headmaster’s office.

“If you ever experience any more trouble from anyone, let me know and I’ll knock some sense into them!”

Cleo agreed to this, a slight twinkle in her eye at her Sister.

End of Bonus Chapter

Enjoy. And if you can, tell me about your first impressions on the newly introduced characters (Melissa in full, June Juniper, Timothy Juniper, Elisa Marigold) It'll be interesting to know what you think. ^^ Chapter 5 will be out soon. Nyro Out!

P.S: Any fans of Cleo, please don't hate on me for putting Cleo through all this stuff. It was hard for me too, she's like a child to me, like most writers and their creations. :<

