My first Fiction

Author: Imouto Bouquet

*021*2013-12-12 22:42

Thanks ^^

On an unrelated to the topic, but at the same time related, note, I've considered doing some interactive story RP based off of this story. As you've probably read before, I want to do some RP with the characters I have created for this story. The outline of my idea is that the audience (other members) create an outline for a story which includes my creations and I act accordingly to what they would do in the situation posed by a member of the audience. Other people are free to take part with Own Creations in the story as well, if they so wish.

My full idea can be seen here: https://omorashi.org/topic/18413-not-sure-if-i-should-but-if-enough-people-want-me-to/

Please give it a read and let me know in that topic if you wish to take part. Nyro out!

P.S: Chapter 5 is on its way, production has been delayed due to commissions from friends to help them with D&D character backing stories for a D&D RP which we do. I won't bore you with the details. In short, Chapter 5 will be out in the near future.

*022*2013-12-18 20:51

Here be Chapter 5. In it be dragons, mystical beasts and anything you can imagine. Actually, that’s not true at all. It does, however, include a continuation to my original story. Sorry it has taken me so long to write this but I have been very busy with preparations for Christmas, much to my own displeasure (bah, humbug!) and other things. Chapter 6 may be given the same treatment, it depends on if I can get any free time to write it between the New Year and college work. This Chapter brings about the end of the old arc and the beginning of a new one so, therefore, there isn’t a lot of Omo in this Chapter, mostly story progression (again). So without further ado, let’s continue.

Chapter 5

There Carrie stood in the water at the ladder leading into the Swimming pool, a faint but present yellow tinge to the water around her. To the less concerned eye, it may just look like the Sun’s reflection in the water, but to Carrie, it stands testament to her ‘undignified’ behaviour.

“This can’t be happening, this can’t be happening, this can’t be happening…” She frantically thought to herself. However, the evidence around her suggested that it did, in fact, happen.

“If anyone finds out, my reputation will be ruined! I just need to act casual and proceed with the Swimming lesson like nothing had ever happened.” She walked into the deeper water and began to proceed with the lesson’s routine.

At about the same time as the triplets were preparing for Swimming, Melissa was in the same boat as Carrie. She had not managed to relieve herself before Swimming due to the insanely large queue for the Girl’s Restrooms. She could feel her warm liquid hitting against the wall of her bladder like a battering ram, each impact sending a dull pain through her abdomen.

“Why must this educational facility have such strict and limiting rules against the student body? Why are we not allowed free roam of all the available facilities until we are in the last years of our education? If Daddy hears about this…” Her internal rant was interrupted by another surge of her warm liquid against her tired muscles. She quickly pushed the material of her Swimsuit into her girlhood to try and offer another line of defence against the liquid wanting to gush out of her. A small spurt escaped, followed by a near audible squeal from Melissa and another larger spurt. She could feel her warm liquid against the cold material of her Swimsuit.

“I’m peeing?! I can’t believe this, a girl of my status nearly wetting herself in the middle of the school classroom?! I can’t let that happen! I WILL not stand for this!” She steeled her resolve and managed to hold back the imminent flood for a little longer. Just how much longer, though?

She followed the rest of her class out of their form room and towards the Swimming pool. She considered abandoning her classmate and quickly sneaking away to relieve herself of the pressure building up in her aching abdomen. The word being considered. She thought against this idea when she saw a familiar trio heading out of Classroom 9-C. The Juniper Triplets. Strangely, Carrie was not leading them, instead she was quite a way behind them, shuffling along while holding her crotch. Wait! HOLDING her crotch?! This behaviour was unusual, nearly inconceivable, of Carrie. Could it be that she…?

It had to be, there was no doubt in Melissa’s mind about it. Her most hated enemy, Carrie Natalie Juniper, was also desperately in need of relief. The mere thought of it brought a smile to Melissa’s face, she nearly forgot about her own need, until another wave hit her.

Hisss…

Another large spurt of her warm liquid escaped her iron grip, further dampening her Swimsuit and cascading onto the floor beneath her with a rain-like dripping noise. She pushed her damp Swimsuit harder and harder into her crotch in a near vain attempt at stopping the inevitable accident in progress. After what seemed like an age, she finally regained control over her internal tsunami.

“That was too close, I nearly…”

She now took on the same shuffling as Carrie, still keeping the hard press on her crotch; thankfully, she was at the back of her class line so no one could see what she was doing. They reached the Swimming pool and the lesson began.

Melissa was paying absolutely no attention to what the swimming coach was saying; her complete concentration was on holding back the insatiable urge to empty her bladder. She was standing with her legs practically stuck together, her body bent over and both of her hands pushing extremely hard into her crotch. The pain in her abdomen was nearly unbearable.

“I need to pee, I need to pee, I need to pee…” This was the only thing on Melissa’s mind.

The swimming coach droned on. Melissa was not listening at all.

“I need to pee, I need to pee, I need to pee…!”

Finally, the swimming coach stopped talking. Melissa was still standing in the same position, hidden behind most of the students.

“Maybe I can sneak away and…?”

Another wave. Melissa could barely hold this one back; it was almost like her bladder was forcibly trying to eject her warm liquids into her Swimsuit.

“No no no no NO!”

After another seemingly long while, Melissa managed to hold back the flow. All dignity aside, she was now crouched in a ball, both of her hands shoved over her Swimsuit into her crotch, pain lancing trough her abdomen like she had just been hit by a freight train and now she couldn’t prevent the shakes of exertion which now gripped her whole body.

“I have to go now otherwise I won’t…”

She spied a break in the throng of students who were getting into the pool, through this momentary lapse of inactivity; she saw her salvation, the back of the sports hall.

Behind the sports hall there was a small alleyway leading to a storage shed where most of the equipment for P.E lessons were kept. Melissa did not care about her means of relief now; she just wanted to quell the pain in her abdomen and to maintain some of her dignity. She slowly made her way to the alley, each step further increasing the pain and sending out small spurts of her warm fluid, she was sure that she wasn’t being followed or watched. Little did she know that one student had noticed her.

Carrie saw Melissa move towards the Sports hall, she wondered what reasons Melissa would have for going there. Had she been sent to fetch some float rings? Whatever the reason, Carrie also noticed something strange about this self-proclaimed princess. She seemed to be in desperate need for a restroom. Carrie could instantly place the tell-tale signs of an accident waiting to happen; she herself had just been through them not even mere moments ago. The shuffling walk, the hunched over posture, legs firmly clasped together, both hands pressing into her delicate spot and the pained look in her face. No doubt about it, Melissa was clearly desperate for relief. Carrie climbed out of the Swimming pool and made her way towards the direction Melissa headed in.

While tailing Melissa, Carrie noticed some small patches of wet concrete along the way. Carrie knew that Melissa had not set foot in the pool and she herself knew that they weren’t caused by her own dripping Swimsuit; these patches were in places where Carrie had not yet set foot.

“Poor girl… poor, poor girl.” Carrie thought to herself, a malicious grin beginning to form on her face. “Just what would become of the ‘princess’ if this little secret was let out? Maybe I should find out?”

At the end of the trail of wet concrete, Carrie saw Melissa starting to crouch down over the floor, her back to Carrie’s location. “Just what is she going to do now? I can’t wait to find out.”

When Melissa was sure that she was alone and far enough into the alley to remain undetected, she crouched over the floor and was about to move her Swimsuit aside but…

Hissssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss…

Pitter patter, pitter patter, pitter patter…

Too late. The added pressure from her crouch had destroyed the last standing supports for her bladder. Nothing could stop the torrent of warm, clear liquid which was now jetting out of her delicate spot and through the material of her Swimsuit onto the floor. She didn’t even attempt at stopping it, she knew it would be futile. Instead, she relished in the pain being eased from her abdomen and the pure feeling of bliss which came from urinating after a long hold.

Carrie had saw all of this, she now had blackmail material for the ‘princess’ if she so wished to use it. She felt a new feeling of joy and power. She felt like she was now the puppeteer and Melissa was her puppet. All she had to do was pull the right strings and Melissa would dance to whatever tune she wished.

“Thank you very much, Melissa, I now have complete control over you. I hope you are ready, ‘princess’.”

Carrie slipped away back along the same path she had taken. She didn’t want her new toy finding out that she knew her dirty little secret. That would not do at all.

Drip, drip, drip…

The last of the remaining drops of urine on her Swimsuit fell to the floor. Melissa took a few moments to stay lost in the bliss of relief. Once she had had her fill of it, she stood up and squeezed the remaining, already cooling, liquid absorbed by the crotch of her Swimsuit out. She cringed at the feeling but she knew it had to be done; she didn’t want to be dripping any more than she should have been on her way back to the pool.

“No one must ever know, especially not her or her Sisters. I’ll just make it look like I had just taken a small walk to stretch my legs before getting into the pool. The dampness of my Swimsuit would hardly be noticed. At least this dump had the right idea of making Swimsuits dark in colour.”

She back tracked down the way she came to go to the pool. The dampness of her swimsuit was starting to rub against her legs, sending shivers of disgust through her body. She couldn’t wait to get into the water and wash off any remaining ‘evidence’ on her Swimsuit.

“A long soak in the pool. That’s what I need.”

She still couldn’t help but feel dirty after what she had done, the pool, in her mind, would probably help wash that feeling away as well, or make it worse, she didn’t care at the moment, she thought the former was more likely than the latter.

After getting back to the pool and joining the rest of her class, she climbed the ladder into it, shivering slightly at the initial contact with the pleasantly cool, albeit slightly warm in places as well, water. The first sight she saw when she entered the water was Carrie’s grinning face. She seemed to be talking about something to her Sisters.

“Probably pointless gossip, nothing I should be concerned of. However, that grin does make me feel a little less certain… Maybe she is plotting something? Hah! I doubt that.”

“I’m telling you, it’s the truth! It was Melissa, I’m certain of it!” Carrie insisted.

“Maybe your mind’s being clouded over in this humid weather. She so wouldn’t do something like that.” Casey said, disbelief clear in her tone.

“Maybe she’s right. There are not many girls we know in 9R7 who would fit the same description.” Cleo considered, gazing off into the cloudless blue sky.

“See?! Cleo believes me! She clearly not as dense as you are, Casey.”

“Hey! Don’t call me dense! I just find it hard to believe that Little Miss Perfect would be caught doing such a thing. Maybe peeing with her Swimsuit to the side, but not through it! That’s a new low.”

Carrie was hit by this statement harder than she thought. She knew that if her Sister had found out what she did, she would never look at her the same way again. Trying not to give away the personal war being fought inside her mind, she quickly came up with a retort to Casey’s statement.

“Coming from you, I can hardly question what you say, considering you did it without a second thought. Maybe her swimsuit was pulled to the side, but I don’t think it was, I couldn’t see the back of it being pulled to any specific side so she either managed to pull it off without moving her Swimsuit too much or she just abandoned the whole idea and went straight to Stage 2. Either way, this could ruin her Perfect image.”

“Why are we trying to do that? That seems a little harsh.” Cleo said, shocked by her Sister’s plan of pure hatred.

“You, Cleo, should know better. She didn’t think twice when she exploited you in Primary School.”

Cleo remembered what Melissa had done to her back when they were in Year 5. Cleo wet herself while sleeping in class one day and Melissa took this as the prime opportunity to start bullying her. She remembered how badly she was treated by her classmates behind her Sisters’ backs, she remembered the humiliation she suffered, the names she was called and the psychological abuse she had to withstand. She quickly shook those memories out of her head and continued staring into the endless abyss of the clear blue skies.

“I know that but…”

“But nothing! This is the perfect chance, the prime opportunity, the sole lifeline at putting her through the same suffering you had to go through! It’s like a dream come true!”

“Who are you and what have you done with Carrie? She would never plot something as low as revenge for an old wound, let alone reopen one in Cleo. Snap out of it!” Casey was angered to see such a change in her Sister. Carrie would always say ‘Let old wounds die with time’ She wouldn’t want revenge for one, she considered that a poor excuse at escaping from reality. Casey shook Carrie in an attempt at removing whatever ‘demon’ had possessed her.

Carrie’s only response was a grin and a chuckle.

“Sometimes you have to break away from rules. Who needs them anyway? I’ve been stuck to them for too long, now’s my chance and I will take it. Wait and see…” Carrie was drunk on the ‘power’ she had obtained from witnessing such a spectacle; she had lost all means for rationale thought. Somewhere deep inside her, her old self was trapped in an iron prison, locked away until the insatiable thirst for revenge had been sated.

“Let’s have some fun…” Carrie said, the same malicious grin from before still on her face.

“Carrie! Snap out of it! Come back to us!” Casey was now worried. She shook Carrie again, this time harder.

“Carrie, you’re scaring me…” Cleo said, the slight quiver of fear in her voice.

“What are you talking about? I haven’t changed one bit…”

An evil glint could now be seen in Carrie’s eyes.

End of Chapter 5

An interesting revelation! What do you think may come of this sudden change of heart in Carrie? Read on and find out! Okay, I couldn't help with the cheesy line there, anyway, it will be impossible to read on now as Chapter 6 isn't even out yet. As I mentioned in the foreword, Chapter 6 may take a while to come out, but, rest assured, I will write it. Nyro out!

