The Succubus

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2011-10-14 11:03

The Succubus

By DewLeaf

This story was inspired by wetnote from Z and Faust, but it is quite different, and has nothing to do with a notebook. I love Z and Faust's work!

Chapter One

Chapter One is just an introduction, and though there is a bit of desperation mentioned, it is really just setting up some characters. I cannot hope for this work to ever become as popular as Faust's or especially Z's Wetnotes, I do know that overdoing the Wet Note will not make it better or make it my work. Even if others make Wet Note Stories, no one can really have credit for that work other than Z and Faust in my opinion.

This story is not very good yet, but I do plan to make it as intriguing as some of Z's work, if I can... even touch on her ability at all. Maybe I can't, but we'll see where this goes.

So...

Chapter One:

"What was going on at school today?" Ken asked himself as he stared at Vanessa, a random girl in his advanced Training class. What was she doing that was so interesting? Well, you really better not ask unless you really want to know. Do you? Are you sure? This isn't something that is considered normal. You're sure? Well, alright...

Vanessa had long dark yellow-blond hair, light freckles around her nose, and glassy blue eyes that shined happiness into the heart of anyone that met her. She was a bubbly young woman, somewhere around her early twenties or maybe even late teens. But what had Ken, a twenty-four year old sandy-brown hair boy curious, was that she was bouncing her left leg. That wouldn't have even bothered him, except he realized that behavior was happening a lot on this day.

In his first period, Beverly, a golden-tan girl with black course hair and brown eyes had been sitting there, probably nearly twenty minutes tapping her foot. Of course, Ken had shrugged it off. He was a little bit into girls that held it a bit long, and even wondered what they really would do, if say, they just peed a little. Not enough to be noticeable, but enough that they'd feel weird about it. Still, he never hoped to realize his dream of seeing such a display up close.

In his second period, there were two girls that were tapping their legs for quite a bit of time, and both of those classes were before lunch. What was interesting, was that Wendy, a red headed girl with green eyes, had a suspicious looking wet spot on the back of her pants. The wet spot though, was very small, and it could have been explained by anything. Though Wendy had been wigging for nearly thirty minutes, she didn't seem to blush or worry once it was time to get to the toilets after class.

Ken now, was watching Vanessa, wondering if her bouncing legs was just a girl thing, or if she was wanting a bathroom. He wondered if she would run to the bathrooms, and if she would have a similar wet spot on the back of her own baby blue skirt. Her tits were nearly poking through the white top she had on because it fit her so tightly. Almost every guy in the class would have noticed that much anyway.

"Mr. Rookwood, Would you please explain the model," Mr. Gnossis had called on him.

Reluctantly, Ken looked away and came to the front to explain the model that was spread for the students to see.

He could see even better, though, from there, that Vanessa's legs were in constant motion rubbing each other, and her tits were like mountains poking her light white blouse up, with the peaks of the mountains clearly giving every student a view of her.

"Dang," Ken cursed under his breath.

"Why did she have to wear THAT blouse on the day I get called. It's so hard to concentrate!"

Ken's face was starting to heat up as he stuttered through the explanation of the model. He knew the answer quite well, so everyone knew that the reason he was blushing was that his eyes kept wandering back to Vanessa, and her very aluring clothing choice. His own pants were only stopped from getting a similar peak because of the uncomfortably tight briefs that started out quite roomy.

He watched as her legs constantly squirmed, because while everyone else though he was just looking at her breasts, which would make anyone stare and blush, he really was getting interested in her situation as she had now started to scoot back and forth in her seat. Of course, Mr. Gnossis wouldn't deny her the right to leave class, but at the same time, he would not be demonstrating this model again, so it was her only chance to see it explained.

Ken looked around at all the students as he explained the model, the boys in dark trousers and white shirts and the girls in light blue skirts and white blouses. He tried to keep his eyes anywhere but under Vanessa's table, but his eyes kept wandering back. His explanations were long and tedious, and his face was feeling hot and sweat droplets formed at his brow. It was amazing that no one had really noticed where he was looking.

Finally, his knees shaking, and his thoughts on her thighs which were in constant motion now, rubbing and opening and closing, he walked weak kneed back to his seat and slumped in it with his face bright red. Any moment now, Vanessa was going to have a wet spot on her skirt, and he didn't know how many people realized it. He couldn't be the only one though.

*002*2011-10-21 21:12

Zryouiki's name is long and she is the original creator of "wetnote" based off of "Deathnote." Another Note by Faust came much later. I sometimes just say Z because I don't always remember how to spell her name.

