An Embarrassing Home Stay Story

Author: Ishigreensa

*015*2012-07-01 22:10

Hi everyone. I know it's been a while, but here is the next part of the story. Nothing really happens, but it sets things up for Yukari's nervousness at school. That's all I'm going to give you for now.

A Few Days Later:

Mrs. Brown had realized after the third day that Yukari hadn’t wet the bed that perhaps the teacher had misunderstood what had happened. This made her feel like the teenage girl should not have had that accident in the first place, and maybe the diapering for bed for three days was good for teaching her a lesson, but the punishment had to end.

The fifth day after coming, the official first day of school in this strange new country, Yukari was about to learn what big differences there were between her school and the American schools.

(From a once upon a time in the past when teachers started to control their students a bit too much)

Vicky and Yukari were aroused at the same time so early in the morning, that it was still a bit dark outside. Yukari rolled onto her stomach, her night shirt coming up a bit to reveal her white panties as she looked to the door.

“Time to get up, ladies,” Mrs. Brown called to them sweetly. “You have school this morning.”

“But the sun’s not even up yet,” Yukari tried to get out through a huge yawn that barely let her mouth even work right so that her normally difficult words were even worse causing it to be impossible to for either Vicky or Mrs. Brown to understand anything she said.

“Come on,” Vicky suddenly said with wide eyes. Normally, Vicky fought her mother about getting up in the mornings, but today, she had something extra special to bring to school, and she thought everyone would be so envious of her for having a homestay person, that surely she would become one of the most popular people at her school this year.

“What’s a hardi?” Yukari asked a little confused. Weren’t they already hours early?

“Well, you have to walk to the bus stop, and then it takes the bus about thirty minutes, so we have to leave the house at 6:15,” Vicky replied.

“Eh? Schooru sta-to at before Japan times?” Yukari asked as clearly as she could.

“Why? What time does school start in Japan?” the curious blond, her hair in strands falling about her shoulders.

“It sta—to eight time five,” Yukari said blinking knowing it was not quite right what she said.

“Eight time? Do you mean eight-oh-five?”

“Yeah, I think that.”

“We start at seven-forty,” Vicky smiled. “You definitely don’t want to be late, either, but the teachers will be really upset if you are. They will even take points off of your grade.”

“What?” Yukari’s eyes went wide. “They do that here?”

“Of course.”

“They don’t care in a Japan except that the test is good. If you pass test, you must not go to school so seriously.”

“Must not?” Vicky asked confused? “What do you do if you are not allowed to go to school if you have good grades?”

“Uh? I don’t say that way,” Yukari blushed. “What said I said was wrong way?”

“I think you meant, ‘don’t have to?”

“Yeah, I guess. So anyway, we go earliah because we see friends a rot and we can sometimes crub or pray school.”

“Pray? What God do you worship?”

Yukari’s brow wrinkled. What does God have to do with playing? She thought she had said it right, but why did she think of God when she said they play at school in the morning. This was so frustrating.

“God? I don’t know any what about Gods but that they are watch us.”

Vicky shook her head. Didn’t she just say they had school prayer? She sighed. “Well, we are not allowed to pray at school. It’s against the law.”

“What? Playing is against the law?” Yukari thought. “How do American children communicate and get through a day without laughing? It was probably going to be the scariest thing she had ever done!”

A few hours later, they had finally worked out how Yukari couldn’t understand the difference between the words pray and play, and how it was confused, when she saw two teens shoving each other just before the first class, and laughing, and Yukari questioned Vicky about what she had said about playing being against the law at school.

“Settle down, now class,” Mr. Roberts entered their first class which was Physical Education. “As you all know, everyone takes one year of P.E., and during this first year, we just give you an idea of what you can expect, but from next year, you can specialize in different areas if you choose to pursue Physical Education.”

Yukari barely understood most of what he was saying, but he had already gone on to describing the rules and the things he wanted the students to do when they first came to class. She just sat there pretending to listen hoping that Vicky could explain properly to her later. Of course, she was no different from anyone else because everyone was new at this time of the season. That meant the teacher didn’t have to take the time from class to focus on her, though that did make Vicky a little upset. She had hoped to be noticed for having someone special at her house.

The next period, Science, with one of the strictest people at school about attendance, really made Yukari nervous. She listened as the teacher gave them her expectations about homework and attendance, and thought she could only understand about forty percent, she picked up on her very strict nature just by the movements she made.

The woman had yellow short hair, horn-rimmed glasses, and a very sharp personality. When a student asked her about the topic they were talking about, she smiled and nodded in approval as she gave an answer, however, when Jason asked something that was related, but not really a part of what they were talking about at the moment, she narrowed her eyes at him.

“We’ve already discussed that,” she had said in a stern voice. “If you cannot pay attention when we are on one topic, then you can ask about that topic after class.”

Yukari sighed. He had just asked if they would need to put their full heading on handouts as well as on the worksheets they were given, and on this syllabus that was being passed around. Yukari thought it was relevant as she had the same question, but the teacher did discuss how to head their paper like two or three topic areas ago. She sighed and just put the full heading on the paper rather than take any chances.

Looking around the class, Yukari felt really strange. Everyone seemed to follow everything that the teachers said, but still, it was difficult to understand everything. She had heard the word passes, but didn’t understand anything about them. She had heard the word emergency, but as far as she could tell, they were not talking about fires or natural disasters or even people entering the school, so she had no idea of what the teacher and other students meant.

Yukari sighed as she looked at the overhead projector and tried to keep pace with the packet of notes regarding the teacher’s rules, regulations, and class syllabus, but without really understanding what was going on, it was quite difficult. She tried to read some from the packet, but then would get even further behind, and she was scared that at any moment, the teacher would swoop down upon her the moment she was one page off from what she was being presented with.

Was this really American high school? She had only been in Japanese high school for about four months before coming here, true, but as far as she could tell, there was nothing like this ever in Japan. The students were being scolded even though they didn’t do anything wrong, or at least that was the atmosphere of the room.

By the end of a long seven hour day at about three in the afternoon, Yukari and Vicky were on the bus about to depart school, and Yukari was worn out. There were so many things she didn’t understand, and so many things that she was supposed to learn or do she had no idea of how she was to keep up.

“Are you okay?” Vicky asked her as she noticed that Yukari was even more quiet than usual sitting next to her.

“Yeah,” Yukari looked down at the floor. “But schooru in America is so much hard than that in Japan. Teachahs don’t cay-ah what you want, do they?”

“You can say that again. They just want us to do what they say. It’s been that way since fifth grade.”

Yukari felt relieved when Vicky seemed to understand what she was trying to say. From deep within her body, something was working without invitation, and soon Yukari would need to visit the lady’s room, but for now, she just sat contently on the bus as it started to pull away from the school.

“Can you herupu me about what things was said I don’t get it in a crasstime. Some teachahs too scary to ask it to because so um… what is Engrish wahdo? Is it … mean?”

Vicky laughed. “You could say that, too, but I think you wanted to stay strict.”

Yukari blushed. “Maybe.”

Nothing too bad had happened on the first day of school, but Yukari was really worried. What if she didn’t do what she was supposed to do on time, or what if she angered a teacher by doing something wrong? She was sure that they would not take her lack of English skill as a good reason, now would they?

“Are you really nervous about the teachers?” Vicky asked smiling.

Yukari nodded. “They different than that of Japanese ones.”

“Yeah, they probably are,” Vicky agreed. “But teachers are teachers, aren’t they? It’s like their job to make students uncomfortable and give them too much homework.”

“Not Japan. Teachah ask if you get feel scared, and they herupu you as much as can, and they know if you understand that they said things.”

“Really? That makes me wish I were in Japan,” Vicky sighed. “My teachers have always been strict, and don’t care what I want or need when it’s time for class.”

The girls started to chat and to figure out what was fun about high school. One thing that Yukari did learn, was that there was no juku and there were school events that made coming to high school endurable like the first dance to be held in a few weeks.

“You mean, you really can wear makeup to that events?”

“Of course,” Vicky smiled. “Didn’t you notice that a lot of girls even had make up on in classes?”

“I thought it was trick or something. In Japan, it doesn’t allowed at school or school events.”

Vicky smiled. She loved the way Yukari talked, and was getting more and more used to it.

When they pulled up to their bus stop, Yukari definitely felt she should go to the bathroom. She could feel her stomach complaining, and her privates pulsating for release.

“Do you think we can go to seven-eleven on the way to home?”

“I’m sorry, but unless you have some money on you, we can’t really go there.”

“Why?”

“They don’t like high school students there. If they find us just looking around, they will sometimes even call the police.”

“Even if I just go to the toi-ret.”

Vicky now understood what she meant when she said this word, and it always made her smile. Of course, she had never been allowed to say something so bold in public since she was in fifth grade, but obviously, Yukari was from a different culture and didn’t understand the American way of life.

“Well, most seven elevens don’t have public toilets even if you ask them,” she whispered. “Our house isn’t much further, so just go at our house, okay?”

Yukari sighed. She was fifteen years old, and if American girls could stand to wait to get home, then she would have to bear it, too.

*017*2012-07-08 14:23

Vicky’s Vile Villain Side

Despite Yukari having been quite desperate a few days ago, on her walk home from school, she had made it to the bathroom. Since that moment though, that she was walking strangely, saying unacceptable things in public, and nearly holding herself like a little kid, Vicky had started to get ideas. She didn’t know why, but she kind of wanted her houseguest to have a ‘problem’ once or twice just to see what it would be like.

Vicky laid on her bed on that Saturday, Yukari clearly not in diapers for even night time now as her mother understood that it had just been a misunderstanding and just warned her that she would put her back in one if she found the bed wet at all. This was just two days ago, and little did her mom know, but Vicky had heard that too.

Vicky wanted to see if she could get Yukari in enough trouble to get her to wear a diaper on a day that they were going to be home all day. She was a little nervous though. The problem was how to do it so that Yukari would be apologizing for it, and making it more likely her mother would believe it was Yukari’s fault.

Yukari, meanwhile, was lying next to Vicky still sleeping. She was very comfortable in her purple panties, her mouth partly open and snoring lightly as the sun peeked through the window.

Vicky started to fantasize about what she couldn’t have. She put her hand under the blankets and started to rub her mound as she visualized Yukari not making it home a few days ago, but of actually wetting on the way. She really wished that had been the case so she could quit wasting time with this vision she couldn’t get out of her head.

A few minutes lingered on as Vicky rubbed more and more imagining the sudden surprise on Yukari’s face as rivers of gold yellow juices poured down her short legs and several people pointing at her making her even more nervous.

Finally, as the vision of a tear leaked down Yukari’s face in Vicky’s dream, she felt the tension in her privates, and she thrust herself upward as something else released. It was the best feeling ever as she laid back her body completely relaxing.

Yukari woke up first batting her eyes at the bright light coming from the window though the curtains kept eyes from peeping in through the second story window. She looked at the sweat on Vicky’s face and the smile on her lips a little confused.

“What happened?” she asked actually wanting to ask ‘Why are you all sweaty and smiling like that?’

“Oh, nothing,” Vicky turned to look at her. “So, did you really sleep all night without wetting?”

Yukari nodded.

“Can I see?”

“Why?”

“Because if you wet my bed, it’s my business isn’t it?”

“If I do that, don’t you noticed it?” she asked puzzled.

“Not if you are just a little wet,” Vicky looked at her. “You are, aren’t you?”

“No?”

“Prove it.”

Yukari sighed and pulled the blankets back to reveal her purple undies as dry as when she had put them on though maybe not as fresh.

“Okay,” Vicky tried to look satisfied though actually, she would have been happier if there had been a little pee on the other girl’s privates. “Well, I guess we should go get some breakfast.”

Yukari nodded.

At breakfast, Vicky in her gown and Yukari in her sleeping shirt and a pair of jeans, they ate cereal. Tommy had come to join them. Apparently, her host parents liked to sleep in on the weekends, but the kids liked to get up early.

Vicky continued to daydream about ways to get Yukari close to wetting. Yukari, however, didn’t have time to think about what Vicky was thinking about because Tommy was once again talking her ear off.

“You know what?” he said very excitedly. “I told my friends about you being here, and they are so jealous. They said they might like to meet you. Can you?”

Yukari smiled at him. He was talking a mile a minute, and so was very difficult to understand.

“What?” Yukari asked when she heard the question.

“Can you? Can you meet my friends?” Tommy was smiling up at her.

“Yeah, it’s good for me.” She said.

“Yay! I’ll see if they can come this afternoon, if mom says we can have them over.”

“No,” Vicky had heard the last part. “She can’t see them this afternoon.”

“Why?”

“Because we are taking Yukari to the zoo, remember?”

“Oh yeah! I forgot. Well, maybe tomorrow then?”

Vicky shrugged.

Yukari nodded.

Tommy smiled.

Yukari spent the morning watching Saturday morning funnies with Tommy, writing a letter to her family, and finally was up in her room sharing stories about the differences of their lives in America from her life in Japan.

“Yeah,” Yukari smiled. “I used to share the same room as my parents until I became eleven I think. It’s not because of bedrooms spaces, but because cheaply to run heatah only one room.”

“Wow! I can’t believe that that you slept with your parents until you were eleven! Most American kids would have been made fun of for that.”

“That’s not so matters in Japan. I don’t understand that people think so weird that saving energgee.” (She says it like gg ee instead of jy because that’s how they say energy).

“So anyway, you really have to ride a bicycle to school every day, even when it rains?”

Yukari nodded. “Most of us use a bicycle. Some of us use a pubric bath (bus) though and some of us use a train because too far.”

“Wow!”

After some time comparing culture, Shelley finally woke up, and she told the kids to get ready so they could go to the zoo.

*019*2012-07-09 12:49

A few hours later had found Yukari and the Brown family looking at the lions with Yukari’s eyes feasting on the size and the expansiveness of the local zoo.

“This prace so much big than Japan’s Ueno zoo,” her eyes as large as saucers. “Maybe nothing in America is that smaller than to Japan.”

“You’ve said that America is bigger on everything about fifty times in the last hour,” Vicky laughed with a smile. “Is it really that different?”

Yukari shrugged with a bright smile and turned to look at the lions again. “It’s one of onry cats that rive in a famiry,” she told Tommy.

“I know. I have some books and information cards at home about animals. I love animals.”

Vicky pulled Yukari by the arm. “How about we go on the monorail that goes around the park? You’d love that! It would show use everything and it only takes a couple of hours to ride.”

“Hm…” Yukari thought.

“Please? Let’s go. I promise, you’ll love it!”

“Okay,” she smiled from Vicky up at Mrs. Brown.

“Vicky, that was sneaky,” her mom laughed. “If you wanted to go on the mono-rail, couldn’t you just ask me?”

“But you always say it’s expensive.”

Mrs. Brown reflected. “So I do. Alright, you and Yukari may go. The rest of us will meet you at the food court when you are done. You do remember where that is, don’t you?”

“Yes mom,” Vicky rolled her eyes. “I’m not a little kid anymore.”

Shelley had to laugh. Of course she wasn’t a little kid. “But Vicky, do you remember what your dad says about being alone in a place like this?”

“Yes, mom! I promise, I’ll come to find you before we go anywhere private or scary, okay?”

“All right—here’s the money for the mono-rail. Have fun.”

Vicky pulled Yukari by the and towards the mono-rail line. There were quite a few people lined up for this ‘sky train’ around the park. It must have been more popular than the best animals there. And Shelley had allowed them to ride it just because of Yukari.

“So, actually,” Vicky started. “I wanted to get you alone so we could actually talk some. This was the best way because my brother is always kind of in the way, isn’t he?”

“I guess,” Yukari smiled. “But I think he’s cute.”

“I suppose he might be,” Vicky smiled. “He’s a little bit too nosey and a bit too needy though at times. I always have to watch him.”

“That’s what big sistahs do though, right?”

“Yeah,” Vicky sighed. “I suppose you’re right. Do you have any brothers at home?”

“I have a one sistah who is youngah. She always ristens at me though, and when she doesn’t, I just bop her, and she says sorry immediatery!”

“You bop your sister?”

“Yeah. Why not? Of course mom yeru me about it, but it doesn’t hurt her, and she ristens aftah. I just say ‘yes mom!’ when she catch me to do it.”

Vicky laughed. It sounded like her and Tommy sometimes, only Tommy never listened to her. He always ran to tell her mom on her. Maybe her sister was better at not giving too much trouble to Yukari than Tommy was listening to Vicky.

“Well, I was meaning to ask you about the ‘misunderstanding’ you had with my mom. You know, when you first came here. There must have been a reason she thought you wet the bed at night.”

Yukari gulped. “Why you want to know?”

“Because we are going to be best friends and best friends shouldn’t be scared to tell each other their secrets.”

Yukari looked at her for a long moment as the line to the ‘sky-train’ inched forward. She wasn’t so sure she wanted to tell Vicky anything, not that Vicky had been mean about anything up to this point, but it was just so embarrassing! Then with a heavy sigh, she realized that even if she didn’t say anything, Vicky would just assume something had happened anyway.

“It was long fright on that prane, and they put on a beruto signs rong time!”

“Yeah?”

“I wet on the way to here, okay?”

“Oh, is that all?” Vicky asked her trying to act like it wasn’t a big deal. Deep inside her, however, she was beginning to fantasize about her house guest having another accident. She seemed quite healthy though, and pretty strong, so it was likely to be impossible to ‘break’ her.

“Have you ever had an accident before that?” Vicky found herself whispering to Yukari to see if there was even a chance.

Yukari shrugged. “I don’t think so.”

“So, you are pretty strong, most of the time, aren’t you?” Vicky smiled.

“Yeah?”

“What kind of games do you kids play in Japan?”

“What kind of games?” Yukari clarified that that’s what Vicky had asked. “Weru, we have DSI, Pray-station, and….”

“No, I mean, what kind of games do you play when you don’t have electronics or when you are bored and you are in the company of other girls?”

“I don’t know,” shrugged Yukari.

“Do you have any idea of what Truth or Dare is?”

Yukari shrugged.

“Well, maybe I shouldn’t teach you it...,”Vicky trailed off trying to peak her interest.

“Why? It’s not nice game?” Yukari seemed a little neutral, but deep down, she was interested in what Americans did. That’s why she was on this trip.

“Well, let’s just say that the loser can have really hurt feelings.”

“Why?”

“Well, we ask really hard questions, and if you don’t want to answer the question, then you have to do anything you are told, and no matter how embarrassing it is, you have to do it. If you don’t, you not only lose, but you are teased and mocked for a week by everyone.”

“It’s just the two us,” Yukari looked at her a little curiously.

“Yes, but if you don’t do what I say if you refuse the question, then I’ll tell the girls at school, and they won’t want to talk to you for a week.”

“Really?”

“That’s how it’s played.”

“I’m… maybe I don’t pray that….”

“Yeah, I understand. Japanese girls probably just brush each other’s hair and cry if someone so much as calls them a girl,” Vicky smiled at her.

“That’s strange,” Yukari said. “We are girls. Why we cry that things?”

“Oh, I don’t know. It’s just that I heard that Japanese are really weak willed and don’t do anything that they think might make them look bad because they are too chicken to think for themselves.”

“That’s not it!”

“Then, maybe you want to prove it and play Truth or Dare with me?”

“Okay. I can pray.”

“You can go first,” Vicky smiled as they climbed onto the train. “Ask me a question, and if I don’t want to answer it, then I’ll ask for a dare, and you can tell me to do anything you want and if I don’t do it, then I lose.”

Yukari thought for a minute. “What kind of question do I ask?” she asked Vicky.

“Anything you want to know at all. It doesn’t matter, it can be about boys, about family, about private stuff… just anything at all. The point of the game, is to make it so embarrassing that I won’t want to answer it so you can try to win the game.”

“Embarrass game?” she asked.

Vicky smiled and nodded.

“Alright. Um… ret’s see, how about what is a crass you get rowest score, to say that score on a big test?”

“That’s easy,” Vicky smiled. “I don’t like History, and I got a zero just last week on a test I didn’t want to take. You’ll have to do a lot better than that if you want to win!”

Yukari’s mouth dropped. No one in Japan would easily admit to getting a zero on a test. No one that was serious anyway. “Can I see that test later?” Yukari doubted Vicky could be telling the truth.

“Sure. But now it’s my turn.”

“Yeah. I guess.”

“When was the last time you said something like a baby?”

“Huh?”

“You know, when was the last time you said something and then your mom said that you sounded like you are three years old or something?”

Yukari thought about it. “I don’t know.”

“I don’t know is not an answer. You have to answer the question truthfully or take the dare.”

“But I don’t honestry remember.”

“Then you have to take a dare.”

Yukari sighed. “Okay, dare then.”

“I dare you to flash your panties on the train.”

“Frash?”

“Yeah. Show everyone your panties. Pull up your skirt and show us.”

“You can’t mean it!”

“I do. Or do you want to lose?”

“This is a mean game,” Yukari smiled at Vicky.

“I know. But it’s also entertaining.”

“Alright. You won’t win that easiry.”

Yukari pulled up her skirt and sat with her panties showing to everyone. Her face was red and her eyes were wide, but she sat there like that.

A woman sitting near them turned to her. “Put your dress down, you little hoodlum!”

“You can drop your skirt,” Vicky smiled.

Yukari smiled at the woman with her eyes bright and then lowered her skirt. “So sorry, ma’am. I didn’t mean that way. Just something felt I need check it.”

The woman shook her head and turned to face the other direction.

“Not bad,” Vicky smiled. “Now it’s your turn.”

“That was mean, Vicky.”

“Well, you can get me back now.”

Yukari thought hard about what to ask her about. It had to be something really embarrassing and something that would make her take a dare. Then she remembered that if you can’t remember something, then you have to take a dare, and the closer you are to not taking the dare, the closer you were to losing.

“I know. Teru me embarrassing sing you did at kindergarten.”

“Kindergarten?” Vicky asked. “That’s a long time ago. I don’t know if I can remember that long ago….”

“It’s fair! You ask me something I didn’t remember, too.”

“alright, alright,” Vicky smiled. “What is the dare then?”

“Um… I don’t know… how about…,” then she got a smile. “How about you have to fart really loud in front of your mom and brother when we see them again.”

“What?”

“You scared to do that?”

“Um… no.”

“Then you do that, or you lose.”

“I don’t like playing with you. You learn too fast,” Vicky smiled. “I guess the game is postponed until I can do my dare then.”

“Why? I trust you.”

Vicky smiled. “What if I don’t?”

“Then I can teru the kids at schooru you don’t pray that game fair and they never trust you on it again.”

“I guess you’re right,” Vicky nodded. “So you want to continue?”

“Why not?”

But just as Vicky started to think of something, they rounded the bend to the Elephant’s habitat. Yukari stared out the window in amazement, and Vicky couldn’t get her to look at her for several moments.

“They are so big and so neat!” Yukari gasped.

“Yeah,” Vicky dropped the game for the moment. “They are really interesting. But we just saw them before.”

“Not like this,” Yukari smiled as she took out her camera and snapped a picture. “My parents and sister so surprised to see this.”

“So, do you want to put the game on hold?”

Yukari nodded. “Do I lose if I do?”

“No. If we both forget about it, or agree to stop, then there are no losers, but if only one wants to quit, and the other one doesn’t want to, then the quitter loses.”

“Well, if you want to stop, then I do too, at least right now,” Yukari smiled.

Honestly, Vicky thought she should quit while she was ahead. It was obvious that Yukari could think on her feet if she was pressured, and she was not going to be easy to trick into wetting herself that way. It was a lie, of course, about losing and the girls not talking to you for a week, but it had motivated Yukari to do what she wanted, only then she realized that Yukari could be really clever.

Yukari took pictures of different things around the zoo. Now, Ueno Zoo did have something like this, but in comparison, this zoo dwarfed Ueno in extravagance and in animal populations. It was so large that Yukari could barely contain her excitement as she came upon each new animal’s habitat.

An hour into the rid, she started to feel the need to pee, but according to the information as they got on, this ride was a two hour ride, and because they were quite high up, and the carts were open in the air, they had to stay seated as if it were a roller coaster, and that meant of course, there were not toilets on the Sky-rail.

“Vicky,” Yukari whispered her face blushing.

“Yeah?”

“I have to go pee.”

“You really shouldn’t say it like that. It’s not good in America to say things that boldly.”

“What do I say then?”

“Um… I don’t know. How about just say ‘I have to go potty?”

“Well, I have to do that.”

“I’m sorry, but we can’t move right now. You can wait, can’t you?”

“For a little while, yeah. But before we go back to meet your mom, I want to go, okay?”

“No.”

“No?”

“My mom told me to go back first. I’ll explain why later, but we have to go meet my mom first, then she can take us to go.”

*020*2012-07-15 02:03

Yukari looked down at her lap as the small monorail continued around the park to its station. They still had about fifteen minutes before they arrived at the point where they had gotten on.

“Are you okay?” Vicky asked her thinking that she better not wet herself in public or it could be really bad for her. It was one thing to want to see her wet privately in their house where only her mom might yell at her, but quite another to want to see her embarrassed in public.

“I… I’m find,” she said find instead of fine not recognizing the difference in the words.

Vicky nodded her head and looked out the window trying to think of something else to take Yukari’s mind off of her need. The last thing she wanted was for Yukari to hate going out somewhere.

Yukari’s face started to get a little red. Her hairline had some sweat drops along it, and her legs were starting to wiggle a bit. Her hands were in her lap trying to keep from moving between her legs to touch herself.

The train was feeling like it was moving like a turtle as Yukari looked around at different people scared that she was going to have a problem. She shifted in her seat looking helpless and she whispered to Vicky.

“Please, when a train is stop, I go to potty first. I tell that mom that I did it, because if I don’t….” She left the rest of it unsaid.

“Yukari, you can’t,” Vicky said urgently. “My dad will be really upset if I just let you do that because he thinks it’s dangerous for us to go alone. We can just get my mom, and she’ll go with us.”

“I can’t stand that long,” she said blushing. “Soon, I don’t stand it anymore.”

“Stand?” Vicky asked confused.

“Don’t you say stand like that?” Yukari asked confused. “I mean that wait for that things is too much. I do it on a pants if I can’t go that potty.”

“Oh,” Vicky smiled. “Well, you better try not to because people here will laugh at you or at the very least look at you like you’re a baby or something.”

“I know,” Yukari sniffled. “So please I go the potty soon after we get off this ride.”

“You have to find my mom first.”

Yukari shook her head. There was no way she could find Vicky’s mom before she wet herself. She wasn’t even sure she’d be completely dry by the time the train stopped.

Vicky sighed and looked out the window again. She really didn’t know what to tell the poor girl. A part of her liked the idea that she was worried and desperate, but a part of her was scared for Yukari’s embarrassment.

The stop was coming into view as Yukari squirmed in her seat her face burning up with the embarrassment that everyone could see that she had to go, and with the efforts of keeping her urine inside her bladder where it belonged. Her thighs were grinding against each other, and her hand was pulling at the front of her skirt trying to keep in control.

“Mommy,” a boy pointed at Yukari. “That brown girl is about to pee her pants,” he said loudly. He was probably around four years old.

“Don’t say strange things like that about other people,” she whispered to him. Then she took his hand and led him off the train, but upon looking at Yukari, she could tell that her son was right.

“Yukari! You are drawing attention to yourself. Mom won’t like that. Try to straighten up and walk like a lady,” she said matter-of-factly.

“I trying,” Yukari had tears in her eyes. “It doesn’t stand it.”

Vicky sighed and took her hand. “Come on, we have to get you to my mom so you can go.”

Yukari started to walk with Vicky as she was pulled along. They wound through the park, Yukari’s hand pressing the front of her skirt against her crotch, her face red and burning, and her legs trembling.

They came upon the eating area, and found the boys already eating. Shelley saw Yukari, and her eyes narrowed.

“What are you doing?” she asked in a dangerous voice.

“She has to use the bathroom really bad, mom,” Vicky helped her out.

“Get your hands away from your privates,” the woman stood up and took her hand. “I’ll take you.”

Frank looked up at the struggling girl, shook his head, and went back to eating.

The three girls made their way through the eating area to the nearest bathroom, and found a bit of a line.

“I can’t!” Yukari started to sob as she felt some leak and darken her panties. “I’m going to… going to… I…”

A small streamed started down her legs. The stream grew into a waterfall, and then a full gush of water poured straight down splashing on the ground.

Yukari squatted peeing forcefully though her panties and getting the back of her skirt. Shelley looked down at her with disgust and Vicky kind of smiled. She liked the way Yukari looked at this moment.

Yukari’s blue-black hair had fallen over her red face hiding her eyes. Her body was trembling on the ground, and she looked like a little girl. She was so cute!

“Yukari,” Vicky held a hand out to her. “Come on, get up. We have to take you to get some clean clothes on.”

Shelley walked away expecting them to follow. She was not happy about the display by the girl. She thought that kids at that age knew better than to pee their pants.
