Legend of Zelda - In Class Emergency (Skyward Sword)

Author: Haruko

*000*2011-12-21 20:21

Link had awoken late that morning, realizing he only had 2 minutes to get ready and show up for class. It was the first day of school at the Knight Academy in Skyloft, and the first day always had an impact on your reputability in terms of punctuality and reliability. Link couldn’t afford to show up late.

There was no time, not even to have breakfast, nonetheless, Link had awoken with a familiar pressure in his lower abdomen. Alas, he realized he wouldn’t have time to go before class, so he held it.

Now, classes at the Knight Academy could be anywhere from a standard 1 hour lecture to 3 hours of hearing Instructor Horwell go on and on about flight techniques. There were also days when students would get to perform in the field, either learning sword techniques hands on, or flight practice with their Loftwing, giant birds that let them soar through the skies.

Link stepped into the classroom on the first floor. When he saw Instructor Owlan, he suddenly remembered which class this was. It was the three hour class he had enrolled in called “Dangerous Plants 160”. As the time frame realization hit him, he cringed, remembering his bladder. It would be a while before he could go to the restroom.

As the instructor droned on and on about Deku Babas, mythical flowers that supposedly were found in a world below the skies, Link fiddled with his pencil. It had been a half hour and his need to pee was already growing. It wasn’t too bad yet, but he knew it would get worse as they approached the end of class.

Closer to the end of the lecture, it was time for an oral quiz. The instructor would ask questions to the class, and the students who were asked would be awarded points for their answer. This would be a test to see who had been paying attention.

“According to ancient textbooks, Deku Babas supposedly come in two basic kinds. Can anyone name what they are?” Asked Instructor Owlan. “How about you Link? What do you think they are?”

Link had started staring out the window trying to forget that he needed to go to the restroom, and bad. His need had grown significantly in the last 2 hours and he desperately needed to get out of class as soon as possible.

“Huh?” Link said. He had not been paying attention to what was going on at all.

“Link, the question was: What two basic kinds of Deku Babas are there?” Instructor Owlan replied.

“Oh um...” Link said. He didn’t know the answer because he had been distracted by his predicament. “I... don’t know sir.”

“Link that is not an answer. Please try again. Your answer does not have to be correct. Just try!” Explained Instructor Owlan.

“Umm...” Link could barely take it anymore. The pressure had built up in his bladder so bad that he seriously considered holding himself right there in class to keep it in. He felt like he might lose control at any time. “Lets see...” he continued.

Just then, link felt a small spurt of pee leak into his pants. He immediately grabbed himself to hold the rest in.

“Sir, can I go to the restroom please?” Link asked, avoiding the initial question as this was a more pressing matter.

“You can if you answer the question first.” Stated Instructor Owlan.

Link was sure the whole class was watching him grab himself through his clothes now. He felt his face turn slightly red as this realization hit him. Link struggled to think about what the answer to the question was, when he noticed Groose was staring at him.

Groose didn’t have his normal look of, “I’m the best, the rest are losers” on his face as he watched Link. Link would have throught Groose would have gotten some amusement out of this seeing as they were rivals, but instead Groose kind of looked sympathetic.

“It’s ummm...” Link didn’t know what to answer to the question and he was about to lose control of his bladder. “Instructor Owlan please... I really have to go to the restroom!’ He blurted out. Another trickle of pee slid out of his penis.

This time Groose raised his hand as Link begged the instructor for permission to go to the restroom. “I’ll answer the question instead!” He said.

“I asked Link, Groose.” The instructor replied.

Groose pulled out a piece of notebook paper and wrote something on it. When the instructor blinked, he slid the paper onto Link’s desk. It read:

{{:

I’ll answer the question after you leave... Just go!

Read the next part when you get back: …..

}}

Link only read that much before bolting out of the room as fast as his bladder could handle without losing it. Instructor Owlan called him back but link wasn’t listening. He was only five steps from sweet relief.

Just then, Link felt the instructor’s stop him by grabbing onto his shoulder. As link jerked to a stop, his hands shot to his privates as he squirmed in front of the instructor. “Please let go,” he said, “I can’t hold it!”

Pee started running down link’s leg as he begged the instructor to let him go. He was losing control, and could fully be seen by Groose at this angle, who had left his seat to come help when he heard the commotion.

Groose walked up to Instructor Owlan and muttered, “Just let him go. He’s really gotta go!”

Owlan let go of Link’s shoulder, realizing Link had already let a little pee out. Link dashed toward the restroom, but he couldn’t get there fast enough. He was right in front of the door when he felt a warm liquid against his hands. He let go of himself, realizing he was wetting himself.

Link stood there in shock as his clothes became soaked with his urine. Groose and Instructor Owlan were watching as well.

Link slowly and reluctantly turned back toward’s his professor and Groose. His face was redder than his crimson loftwing’s feathers. Instructor Owlan turned back to classroom, not wishing to deal with the situation. He instead returned to the rest of the class, and asked another student a question about the lecture.

Meanwhile, Groose stood there with link outside the classroom. Link wanted to run away. It had been humiliating enough wetting himself in front of his instructor, but Groose was the last person he would have wanted to see him like this.

“You ok?” Groose asked.

“Uhhm..” Link said. Why was Groose being so nice? It wasn’t normal. The Cowlick haired boy should be laughing his head off and then telling the entire town what happened.

“Yeah, I know this is out of character for me... That’s what that second part of the note was saying. It’s just...” Groose said, “I’ve been made to look like a fool and embarrassed before. I may not like you cause Zelda should be mine, but that doesn’t mean I’m heartless, k?”

Link looked at Groose, not quite believing what he had heard. Groose? Not Heartless? Link pinched himself to check if he was dreaming. He felt the pain of the pinch, so it was real.

“You’re really sticking up for me?” Link questioned.

“Yeah...” Groose said. “But if you dare tell anyone about this... I’ll take your balls, and tie them to the flagpole!” Yup, that was the Groose Link knew all right, except for the nice part.

“Ok, I won’t say a word.” Said Link as he ascended the stairs to go take a shower.

###

Bonus Section:

Whoever’s interested can read Grooses full note below.

{{:

I’ll answer the question after you leave... Just go!

Read the next part when you get back:

I know I haven’t been the nicest guy to you, but I can see you really had to pee. I’ve been in a few embarrassing situations before and it’s not fun. Not even I would wish that on you, even if you have stolen MY Zelda.

Groose

PS. If you dare tell anyone about what this note says, I’ll mess you up for life!

}}

Answer to Instructor Owlan’s question: Deku Babas come in two basic kinds, vertical mouthed and horizontal mouthed.

*004*2011-12-22 04:06

{{:

The only nitpick I have is that theres three types of babas :x You missed the golden 4way mouth one. Unless you also want to include the upside down ones that hang from the ceiling than thats it lol.

}}

Well, I said "basic". Technically basic types are just the blue ones. Besides, it's possible they don't know about the golden 4 way ones cause it's all mythical and supposed in Skyloft due to legends and no contact with the surface.

Anyhow, thank you! I'm glad you liked it!

