Boys and girls switch restrooms

Author: Akiran

*000*2024-08-25 05:35

Prologue - Akira is a Japanese student at UC Berkeley. He is on the XC team, and is going to be a senior there. He went to this annual camp the XC team does all four years.

For some reason, the last two years the coach decided that the girls should have the urinals and not the boys. And he wonders why

Part 1 - Akira’s master plan

Akira was going to a camp with his college XC team.

His coach decided to swap the boys and girls restrooms, giving the girls a urinal and not the boys

This was the second year in a row that this happened. Last year he didn’t think much of it, though he did imagine, what if girls on the XC team learned how to pee standing up

Why the coaches wanted to do this was a total mystery.

And that was when he came up with an idea. What if he did a contest to see who could pee outside the most times at this camp

His intentions were…interesting to say the least. He wanted to inspire at least one girl to pee standing up, so that they would actually use the urinal. He was unsure what had happened in there last year, obviously, as he is not a girl. However, he certainly wanted to change the culture around female urinary practices

Step one of his plan to derive the rules of the contest. This camp occurs in the Sierra Nevada mountains of California and is in a tent. The camp occurred at a campsite with a restroom building. The restroom building had a boys restroom and a girls restroom…which since the coaches had the whole campsite to themselves, thought it would be a great idea to swap them. And it was such a great idea, that they would do it again this year

The leading theory to why these restrooms were swapped is because of convenience. See, the girls set up camp on one side of the building, and the boys set up camp on the other. The larger side has the girls restroom, and there are more boys than girls.

Akira wasn’t satisfied with this theory and wanted to take advantage and make girls use urinals again

*001*2024-08-25 06:18

Part 2 - The traffic

On the way to this camp there was a traffic jam…due to construction

Akira actually wanted this traffic jam to happen, as part of his plan. See, Akira, being a Japanese man, had connections to a Japanese software company. He is currently studying Computer Science at UC Berkeley so that he can take over the family business one day

His business was able to strategically hack the schedules of a construction company to make sure that construction would occur at a specific time to cause the traffic

Why did Akira want to cause traffic? Well, considering the name of this website, you can probably guess why. He wanted everyone to have to pee on the way there

…

Before we keep going, let me tell you what were the rules of Akira’s peeing outside contest

The goal was to see who could pee outside the most times on this trip. In response to the boys not getting urinals, he wanted to still be able to utilize his innate ability to pee standing up…the advantages of being a guy

That was the conspiracy reason he suspected his coach of swapping the restrooms for. He didn’t really this his coach would except the girls to use the urinals

That being said, he had heard about girls who could pee like boys. On this website called Abhorra, he found a whole community of girls who claimed they could pee standing up, lead by a Mexican girl named Andrea Rodriguez. She would brag about learning how to pee standing up on wikiHow and how every girl should pee standing up. Akira was a man and obviously couldn’t try out her methods, but he was curious

Anyway, this has steered off-topic a bit, where were we…? Oh yes, we weee on Akira’s contest

Here are the rules

• Time starts at 1 PM on Monday and ends at 1 PM on Friday (96 hour challenge)

• An “outdoor pee” is defined as urinating anywhere that is not a designated toilet facillity

• For each outdoor pee, you are awarded with one point

• You must not urinate on camp property. You must be off property when you urinate outdoors. You can only go off property when the coach is arranging activities outside of the camp

• The above rule does not apply between 11 Pee M and 6 AM

• If you are female, using the urinal counts as peeing outside

• Peeing in the shower or sink or trash can does not count as peeing outside

Akira was in the car with Veranda (female), and Kaylee (female). He was in the car with two females. And both of them were desperate to pee on the way there

Akira was also desperate to pee, and 3 hours in, he got out of the car and peed on the side of the road, granting him is first point

Meanwhile Veranda and Kaylee were getting desperate by the minute.

“I don’t think I can’t last another 10 minutes” said Veranda

”Me neither” said Kaylee. “I wish we could pee standing up like boys can”

”What are you girls even talking about” said Akira. “Of course girls can pee standing up. All they have to do is…”

”I’m not willing to…gaah”

”Keep in mind that wetting in the car seat does not grant a point in my challenge”

”What challenge” both girls asked

”You haven’t heard? I’m doing a challenge to see who can pee outside the most times on this trip.”

”Well that sounds like it would be a boys-only challenge.” Said Veranda

”Actually, never mind. I can’t take it anymore. Logan, please pull over again. I’m about to piss myself!!!”

Logan was the driver, and a counselor at the camp. He was also a player in the challenge

“And Akira, btw, is it okay if you take the wheel? I’m going to join them. I’m also prettt desperate”

Both Veranda and Kaylee stepped out and Akira used the door handle to help provide cover

After them, he switched to being the driver so that Logan could add to their massive puddle

”Ahh, so refreshing” all three of them ended up saying in their fantasies

What should have been a 3 hour drive became a 7 hour drive and the team arrived at 8:00 PM

They still had to do their run though. It may have been evening but in late July it wasn’t exactly dark yet. So after quickly setting up camp, Akira actually helped the team speedrun it and they were done by 8:30 PM

By the time many of the athletes arrived at camp people were hungry and already desperate. But coach was insistent on the team doing the run no matter what. They would do a 1 hour out and back run and be back by 9:00 PM

*002*2024-08-25 06:47

Part 3 - The tunnel run

It was, well, it was beginning to get dark outside. Surprise surprise there, after it took 7 hours to drive from Berkeley to Soda Springs

The plan for today is to run through some tunnels and back, and then to eat dinner. Dinner was rescheduled from 6:30 PM to 9:30 PM due to traffic.

One man cooks for 100 people at the camp, 80 boys and 20 girls. The camp was largely a festival of men who were competing in the peeing outside competition

For example, a man named Benjamin Coolidge actually peed outside 3 times in the traffic, having drank way too much water. Akira was falling behind on the challenge

He totally thought he was going to win this, but I guess he was wrong. Maybe he was falling behind

Well that being said he did give himself a head start when running through the tunnels. See, he wanted to gain a point while inside the tunnels. He had gotten desperate to pee again, and in the tunnels it was pitch-black, and he needed a flashlight to see

He managed to take a much-needed piss inside the tunnel, which felt SO GOOD. With it being completely dark and completely silent, and all he could hear was his pee stream

Too bad he did stink up the place, and other runners did wonder where that smell came from

At the moment, Benjamin Coolidge was in the lead with three points. But of course he made sure to get his fourth, but not inside the tunnels. Most people were too appalled by the smell to want to do it themselves

So instead, they would take a leak on top of the tunnels, often with a view

By the time everyone got back to their respective campsites for dinner it was 9:30 PM and the sky was black. There were starts out and people were stargazing

But no time to dillydally, it was time for dinner. At 9:30 PM.

By the time everyone had been served, it was 10:00 PM and people were going for seconds

Then after dinner, everyone made smores on the campfire

At this point some of the girls were going into the restroom…and wonder why the urinal was in their restroom

A girl named Danielle Corolla put a trash can in front of the urinal, of course it is not physiologically possible for girls to pee standing up, right? Right? Right?

Because of this the majority of girls actually didn’t even notice that there was a urinal in their restroom and used the toilet sitting down as any western girl would.

Akira was disappointed when he heard about this…he wanted the girls to pee standing up. What was he going to do?

End of day 1

