Pet For A Day

Author: Guest SAM996

*000*2015-07-03 01:27

I've seen other places do this but not enough and to my knowledge this hasn't been done here. It's not overly sexual or anything just wanted to try a hand at this story since its a first which means it probably won't be good.

Plot synopsis: A young woman named Michelle decides to make a bet with her friend Amy that after she feels a dog's life is easy she decides to try and prove it by acting as Amy's pet dog for a day. What follows isn't what she expected and she learns to never make false claims.

Michelle was always curious what it would be like to live another person's life whether it be as a male or whatever. However she wondered what it would be like to live a dog's life. Dogs have it easy they don't have to worry about jobs or relationship problems. She sat in deep thought as her friend Amy who was sitting at the table with her at the mall food court tried to snap her out of her daze.

"Hey Michelle. Earth to Michelle" Amy called.

"Hmm?" Michelle quickly responded embarrassed she dozed off like that.

"What's with you? You've been dozing off for the past few days now. Sleep escaping you?" Amy asked

"No I'm not sleepy. I'm just finding myself lost in thought. Amy... I want to be a dog." Michelle bluntly said what was on her mind.

"What?" Amy was confused at her friend's request. Maybe she was deprived of sleep

"No really I mean it. My life's been boring as of late. I want to be more adventurous" Michelle told her

"By acting like a dog?" Amy was sceptical but also curious as to where her friend was taking this

"Why not they have easy enough lives don't they?" Michelle made a pretty bold assumption

"I don't know Michelle this seems really weird" Amy was wondering why her friend suddenly came up with this idea

"I make you a bet that starting tomorrow I could last a day acting as your dog. Come on what do you say?" Michelle challenged her friend. She'd soon regret it.

"Okay then fine you got a deal. Come on doggy let's get you some supplies." Amy said as they both got up and left the food court.

All throughout the rest of that day they got some dog supplies for Michelle including a bowl to put food into, dog food (Amy protested the idea but Michelle said she wanted the full experience), a separate bowl for water, a sleeping bag for Michelle to sleep on for when she wanted to rest, a ball to play fetch with and finally the finishing touch a leash and dog collar to attach to Michelle. This was going to be an interesting experiment.

The next day arrived. Amy opened her door as Michelle walked in.

"So should we get this started doggy?" Amy asked

"Yep I mean woof woof" Michelle said as she quickly got down on all fours.

Amy then attached the leash to the dog collar which she then attached to Michelle's neck.

"Come along now little doggy. You hungry?" Amy asked. Maybe this would be a little fun

Amy pulled the leash as she led Michelle into the kitchen. Michelle jerked slightly at the pain felt but she assumed it to be a normal side effect of not being used to it. Amy then led her to the bowls filled with dog food and water respectively. Michelle looked at the food bowl in discomfort.

"Come on now eat up. Or are you giving in already?" Amy smugly asked her friend.

Michelle didn't want to give in yet she asked for this after all. Deciding it was all or nothing she began to chow down on the food as she looked like she was gonna puke. Finally she finished and quickly ran over to the water bowl and drank all the water. God was that stuff awful. Okay that's one bad thing about being a dog you have to eat that stuff. Still she wasn't going to give up yet she had a commitment.

"So how was it?" Amy asked noticing her friend's discomfort but didn't want let her know

"Tastes great" Michelle lied clearly trying to force a smile.

"Great. Want to play fetch?" Amy asked

Michelle barked and nodded.

Amy pulled Michelle by her leash to the back door and they walked out the back yard. Amy let go of the leash as she held the ball in the air as Michelle forced herself to jump up and down for it.

"Want the ball?" Amy teased

"Amy come on.." Michelle pleased but was interrupted.

"No gotta bark and pant like a real doggy" Amy teased though she was sympathetic to her friend's plight she brought this on herself

Michelle barked and panted before Amy threw ball "Fetch" as Michelle ran after it. Amy's back yard was big enough so it took awhile to grab it and eventually bring it back to Amy. By the time she returned she decided she also hated playing fetch. Still she wouldn't give in though. She then followed Amy back inside.

"Come on doggy do some tricks" Amy teased

Michelle was beginning to think Amy enjoyed this a bit too much. Was she just doing this until she gave up and admitted she was wrong? She wasn't going to give her that satisfaction. Michelle had a bit of pride in herself like that she didn't want to admit she was wrong but she was starting to doubt herself. No she couldn't let Amy win. This couldn't get any harder could it? She then performed some tricks for Amy including the likes of playing dead and rolling over and speaking not really speaking but barking. She decided barking wasn't fun either.

"Hey you must be tired you want go take a nap with me?" Amy asked.

Sleep that was something she could do. Amy pulled Michelle by the leash the pull again straining her neck but she refused to show her discomfort as they went to Amy's bedroom as Amy laid down on her bed and Michelle tried to position herself like a dog would when sleeping. It was awkward but she managed to make it work.

About an hour later Michelle awoke with a feeling of discomfort she shifted a bit as she struggled to move herself up as she suddenly grabbed her crotch area. She had to pee. Normally Michelle wouldn't see this as a big deal but considering her role right now she knew she wouldn't simply be walking into Amy's bathroom to pee she'd be going to her back yard. Reluctantly Michelle sneakily walked out of Amy's room. She didn't want to wake her as embarrassing as this was starting to be she could at least pee on her own without Amy seeing her. She then hopped over to the back door in desperation. All the water she drank earlier to get the taste of dog food out of her mouth was starting to catch up to her. She tried opening the door but it was locked.

"Damn it Amy" Michelle whispered

Michelle tried everything to open the door all the while trying not to squirm in desperation. Giving up she sighed. Maybe it was a time to call this whole thing a quits. No she wanted to last the day. She then thought about the bathroom. If she could sneak in there and not flush the toilet Amy wouldn't have to know she broke her promise of only doing things like a dog. Suddenly she heard Amy call out to her as she groaned in frustration. Now she was going to have to know. She then got down on all fours and put her hand on the door.

Amy walked out and smiled at seeing her friend at the back door. Poor girl how long was she going to keep this charade up?

"What's wrong doggy?" Amy asked in a fake sincere tone.

Michelle just whimpered like the dog she was meant to be. She really had to go.

"Doggy gotta go pee?" Amy said again in her sincere tone.

Michelle just nodded. She was now very desperate and wouldn't care if Amy saw her. Amy attached Michelle's collar to her neck and used a key to unlock the door and opened it. She then pulled Michelle by her leash as she crawled in desperation into the garden. She better let her go soon. Finally Amy led her to a big enough tree for her to go behind. The nice thing about Amy's garden since it was so big it was very obscured from other people's view so she at least could do this without any neighbours seeing her.

"Go on doggy I won't look." Amy smiled she had to commend her for doing this.

Michelle after struggling to get into a squatting position in a haste yanked down her pants and panties in desperation and let go and she sighed happily in relief as she peed an endless stream into the grass below. This was embarrassing but she was grateful to be let pee finally. When she finished she shook herself to make sure as she then stood up and pulled up her pants and panties before getting down on all fours and running towards Amy who then grabbed hold of Michelle's leash.

"All done?" Amy asked her friend

Michelle blushed in embarrassment and nodded yes

After being led inside for awhile Michelle reluctantly ate more dog food and drank more water even more than she did earlier. She really hated dog food. She was probably going to be sick later from this

"Come on let's take you for a walk." Amy said

Michelle had to hide her discomfort. She was worried about what people would react to a grown young woman leading another young grown woman on a leash across town. But then again this was her idea and she wanted to last the day. Sometimes she hated that she didn't want to be wrong. Amy led her out of the front door of the house as they walked into the neighbourhood with the neighbours giving them the odd looks she hoped to avoid. They then entered the city with the same looks being given as they went into a park for dogs.

"Look doggy a chance to play" Amy happily told her

Michelle already had decided she didn't like playing but she did it anyway. After playing more fetch Amy told her to run along as far as she could and come back to her when she had enough playtime. Michelle then ran as she found herself being chased by other dogs. Not wanting to risk getting hurt she tried to outrun them but she tripped and fell down on her face into dirt. As some dogs tried licking her but she quickly got up on all fours and did her best growl as the dogs then ran away scared. Okay that was one thing she liked about being a dog.

It was then she noticed another dog peeing on a nearby tree that Michelle realised her need to pee was starting to grow again. Damn all that water. After the dog finished and making sure nobody was around Michelle dashed to the tree and quickly squatted down pulling down pants and panties again and began emptying her bladder before being interrupted by someone about to come around the area.

"Damn it" Michelle sighed and quickly stopped her pee from flowing as she held her leg muscles together to stop the pee from flowing. She wasn't finished yet but she was done enough that she could hold it enough so that she wouldn't be seen by someone quickly standing up and pulling up her pants and panties as the person walked by. With that done she was about to continue doing her business when she heard Amy call out to her. Peeing would have to wait hopefully till they got home. She got down on all fours as Amy walked towards her.

"Ready to go doggy?" Amy asked.

Michelle nodded a little quicker then usual as she was really hoping her need wouldn't creep up on her. Amy grabbed her leash and led her into the city streets. Michelle really began to regret this. Now she knew the price of running her mouth off. She decided she would ask this to end and admit defeat once they got home. As Amy tugged her along Michelle found it awkward to move as she was beginning to grow more desperate the pee she didn't empty managing to build again as it put a strain on her. Why did she do this to herself? Amy continued pulling her along as Michelle whimpered.

"Come on doggy we don't have all day" Amy said. Why was she being difficult?

Michelle in her moment of desperation noticed a fire hydrant up above. Sighing at the fact she was about to do this she ran towards it pulling Amy along as she struggled to hang onto Michelle's leash. Amy regained herself as she quickly saw Michelle pulling down pants and panties and squatting and peeing against the fire hydrant and sighing happily in relief. Amy smiled in embarrassment at some of the people who passed by giving odd and disturbed looks

"Dogs am I right?" Amy threw up her hands and realised this was fun but it had to stop

After finally finishing and again blushing in embarrassment Michelle pulled up her pants and panties and then got down again as she Amy headed back to her house. Finally they made it back as Amy led her back inside. Michelle then stood up.

"Amy you were right. A dog's life is hard and over the course of a few hours I've learned that. I'm sorry for making that claim." Michelle put her head down in defeat

"Hey its all good. You should congratulate yourself you managed most of the day and did things I don't think any girl our age would do all for just this bet. You peed next to a fire hydrant girl that's gotta count for something. Plus you gotta admit it was a little adventurous huh doggy?" Amy teased her friend. She commended her for sticking this out.

"Yeah I suppose but I'm not doing this again." Michelle sternly told her.

"Right. Still the supplies could come in handy if we got a real dog." Amy said as she detached the leash and collar from Michelle's neck as she happily rubbed her neck in relief.

"Feels good to have that off my neck. I'm glad I won't be eating dog food again as well as not playing fetch. I also can't wait to go back to peeing on a toilet. You want a soda while I'm up?" Michelle asked

"Nah" Amy told her.

Michelle walked into the kitchen as Amy looked at the dog collar and leash with a smile

Pet for a day boy would that be something?

THE END.

