Apple Valley Series: Christina Evans

Author: Anon051402

*000*2016-08-19 22:37

Before I begin this story will be written in parts, Each girl will have their own story on this forum and each story will have 5-10 chapters. All the stories will tie into each other in the End so make sure to read to the end.

Chapter 1: The Party

Christina Evans had never been to a highschool party before. In fact she was lucky to be at one now, Her sister Emily was throwing a party before school started next week and Christina just happened to be home on that date, their parents had taken a holiday to the Caribbean for their anniversary and left the girls alone as Emily was 17. Christina herself was 14 and heading into her freshman year of highschool, She was 5'10" and had nice body for her age with her light brown hair dropping halfway down her back. The party had been out of control for awhile now and Christina was concerned about damage as she looked at photo frame that was just shattered. Suddenly a boy around her age came up and complimented her on her body.

This made her stomach flutter, She had always been the one to need positive reinforcement to make her feel good about herself and took compliments to heart. The boy was clearly drunk and was making Christina uncomfortable. He tried to make a move to her butt Christina moved away and told him to leave her alone. She walked through the rooms of the house when suddenly a loud siren began to blare outside. The town had its own police department and was now clearing out the house. Emily stood talking to a few officers while Christina watched, the officers soon left and the girls began the long task of cleaning up the house. "oh my god, Christina come look at this!" called Emily.

Christina walked over and saw what Emily was looking at. Their was a girl who was about 15 years old lying behind the couch passed out completely. Upon a closer look Christina noticed that the girl had obviously peed her pants and by the looks of it didn't know. Christina heard a camera click and looked to see Emily snapping a photo. Emily was very popular and Christina was sure that this girls photo would soon be all over the Internet in a few minutes. As Emily walked off laughing Christina looked at the girl with pity and shook her awake. The girl looked up groggily and looked around. "Hey, um, the cops just kicked everyone out" said Christina. The girl looked at her and said "Sorry I must have fallen asleep during the party, my name is Caitlyn Pace." with a bright smile. Caitlyn was a year older then Christina and had a beautiful figure and darker brown hair. Christina was amazed by the girls beauty and then her eyes fell on her pants.

"Um, do you want me to wash your clothes before you leave?" offered Christina. Caitlyn had just noticed her condition and blushed a deep shade of red. The girls went upstairs and Caitlyn took off her wet jeans and placing them in the washing machine, Then she peeled of her bright purple thong and wrapped herself in a towel to cover herself. Christina started the wash and the girls began to talk. Christina told Caitlyn about the photo Emily took and Caitlyn just shrugged it off.

"Last year I wet myself in math class, so I don't care if people see the photo." Christina was very impressed by how emotionally stable the girl. Christina was sure that if the roles were reversed she would be crying her eyes out. Pushing the thought from her head she began to talk to the girl again. Christina learned that Caitlyn was a very outgoing person and was not embarrassed about anything, this made Caitlyn even more enviable as Christina wished she was more able to be like that. After the wash was done Caitlyn left and Christina went to bed and Emily passed out shortly after...

*001*2016-08-19 23:14

I apologize for any spelling or grammatical errors in the first chapter. I will do a better editing job this time.

Chapter 2: First day of Highschool

It had been 2 weeks since the party and Christina was packing her bag for school. Her and Caitlyn had hung out a few times over the last weeks and were becoming good friends, They usually went out to the local coffee shop or just hung out at one of their houses. On a few of the coffee shop dates ended with Christina sprinting home due to needing a bathroom and not wanting to use the ones at the coffee shop. Caitlyn however was a lot more easy about her need and often poked fun at Christina when she wouldn't use them. They hadn't hung out in a few days due to school preparations and now it was the first day. Christina slipped into a pair of tight jeans and a green thong.

Emily gave her a ride to school and Christina walked up nervously, it was her first day in highschool and she was excited to meet new people and take new classes. Her thoughts where interrupted by Caitlyn coming up behind her. The girls struck up a conversation and heard the first bell ring. Caitlyn went to her class and Christina went to hers. Christina's first class was Math, she found the room and took a seat next to a girl from her old school, Daniella Stanford. Daniella was a blond with a body that most boys laughed at her for and that made her very self conscious. "Hi Christina, how was your summer?" Daniella asked.

"Not bad, how bout yours" she replied. "Good" replied Daniella. The girls continued to talk until a man with a stern expression walked in. "I will not tolerate talking in this class." He said in a voice that made the girls shudder. The mans name was Mr. Howard and he made the class take notes for the whole 75 minutes then dismissed them with 4 pages of homework. It was clear that he had a distinct level of control over the class. It was after class that Daniella said something for the first time since the man walked in, "do you know we're the bathroom is" she asked. At this statement Christina realized that she too could use a restroom but was still far away from being desperate. Daniella on the other hand looked nervous and was a little fidgety. They went off to find the restrooms and when they arrived they saw a large line of girls waiting to use the toilets before the start off the next class.

They knew that they would not be able to wait in that line and Christina was fine with this but Daniella on the other hand looked a little worried about having to wait. as the bel, rang they heard a lot of groans from all the girls in line showing that they were not alone in desperation. The day dragged on and Christina did not get a chance to relieve herself and by the end of the day she was very uncomfortable, but when Caitlyn came up after school and asked if she wanted to go their favourite coffee shop after school she couldn't resist.

After an hour at the coffee shop Christina was really starting to get desperate and Caitlyn noticed. "Want to leave?" She offered. "Yes please" Christina replied through gritted teeth. The girls paid and started walking to Caitlyn's house. It was halfway there that Christina spurted in her panties. She gasped and looked down, no visible wet spot was there yet but Caitlyn knew what had happened and they picked up the pace after a few more spurts there was a baseball size wet patch on her crotch. Christina had never been this desperate and was starting to lose hope...

To be continued...

