A Wee Dare

Author: Peafowl

*000*2020-12-03 18:35

"Remember the bet! $100, if you can survive in there for one hour!"

A small group of four teens pushed Parkha Naeem towards the entrance to the mine. They were engaging in a senior year prank, or more of a dare, on Parkha, a geeky-looking Afghan senior. She hoped to gain a little popularity before the final year ended, so she agreed to head into an abandoned mineshaft deep in the Black Hills, and stay inside for at least one hour. Problem was that the already unsettling mineshaft was supposedly haunted, and Parkha was incredibly jumpy.

The light ended only a few feet in, and the corridor echoed in shifting air currents. The support beams creaked under the weight of the mountain, and outside presented a monotonous drone of crickets and cicadas under a dimly moonlit sky. The mouth of the shaft gaped wide open, and Parkha looked like the small brown jellybean who would be swallowed by it.

She sheepishly approached the mouth of the shaft, and took one last look back at the group. "You got this!" they cheered, giving thumbs up. Parkha was skeptical if they really meant it, but she knew even worst case scenario they wanted to catch the drama on their phones and they'd be there to help if something happened. She looked back at the shaft, swallowed, adjusted her headscarf, turned on her flashlight, and walked in.

Parkha's mind was being bombarded with thoughts as she wandered through the dark corridor. What if there were ghosts, or a monster? The Black Hills were sacred after all. "There're no such things as ghosts," she unconvincingly told herself. Maybe there was nothing haunted, but the hills had mountain lions and bears too, and those were real. The thoughts of all the things that could kill her made her shiver.

All the anxiety made her feel like she suddenly materialized a full bladder. She remembered she hadn't used a bathroom since she left school. It wasn't like there were any toilets on the way, or that she'd even consider using a grungy woodland outhouse. She continued into the cave walking with her legs tight, eyes peeled for anything scary.

"Maybe I'll just stop and go here quickly," she said to herself. "There's no-one here anyway." She set the flashlight on the ground, and unzipped her jeans, but as she began to pull her pants down she heard a distant wail. Panicked, she pulled her pants up and grabbed her flashlight, accidentally leaking a couple drops of pee in her panties.

"T-that wasn't a bear," she muttered to herself. There absolutely was something down in there with her, and it sounded big. "I can't!", Parkha cried. "I can't do this anymore, I want to go home!" Parkha ran back the way she came until she ran into the cave's wall. An intersection! She didn't pay attention to an intersection on her way down, and now she was lost. There were mine tracks leading in all directions.

She had to choose. Her bladder cringed at the stress, and she began to bounce in place, whimpering to herself as she tried to figure out where the exit was. She picked what looked like was going up, and ran until she tripped and fell down a steep but short drop. This was obviously not the correct way.

Parkha stumbled into a larger chamber, full of abandoned mining equippment, pullies, lockers, and scaffolding. She felt hopelessly lost. "Hello!? Anyone there!?" She cried, hoping her friends were secretly following her. No other person was around. She was still bouncing in desperation, periodically crossing her legs and pressing her crotch. She approached the mine wall, and pulled down her pants again to pee.

Just as the stream first came out the wail sounded again, this time louder...and much closer. She painfully squeezed her stream shut, barely having peed at all, quickly pulled up her pants, and looked around with her flashlight. She could hear footsteps in the distance, but not at all the gait or tone of human feet. Parkha ran to one of the locker cabinets, and carefully entered it to hide, turning off the flashlight. "This isn't fair!" She whined to herself. Her knees and thighs rubbed together and her feet crossed as she waited for the sound to go away.

As her eyes adjusted to the dark she peared through the lock to see what was happening. A large, gangly silhouette crept out of the side corrider into the chamber on all fours. It was no bear, it was bigger, and it looked like some headless hunchbacked giraffe. Parkha held her breath, and tried as hard as possible to stop fidgeting without losing control. The creature looked like it was searching for something.....Parkha.

Parkha had never felt fear like this before in her life. She was sure it could hear her heart pound from over there. One of her hands grasped her crotch tight to hold her pee, and the other her mouth to cover her breath. The creature disappeared from view, causing Parkha to freeze.

After a few seconds of agonizing anticipation the creature suddenly appeared right before the lock! Parkha squealed under her breath, and shivered. She could see the unholy abomination in great detail standing in front of her locker, eyes missing and mouth gaping into a void. The monster did not know she was in there, but it was inspecting the outside of the locker. If Parkha kept still and quiet, the monster would leave.

Unfortunately for her, "still and quiet" was not possible. Her bladder was at a breaking point, already slightly leaking even through her panties to her pants and hand. She tried to squirm quietly to hold it but was too afraid to make any noise. A small stream flowed down her legs. Her muscles began to fatigue, and the pee forced its way out, and the steady quiet stream became a loud flood, pattering on the metal locker floor and leaking through the door outside. All she could do was cry in both embarassment and fear of the noise.

The monster jumped at the sound, and began lashing at the locker with massive claws. Parkha desperately held the locker shut, screaming in terror. Thinking quick, she let go and kicked the door open into the monster's face, stunning it. She bolted down the corridor the came in last, hearing footsteps behind her in hot pursuit. She approached the ledge she had fallen down from earlier, and began to climb. Behind her she saw the monster round the corner with murder in its eyes, driving her to climb faster.

In the panic she had forgotten that she hadn't zipped up her jeans last time, and they got tugged off her waist by some stray rail. "Ohcrapohcrapohcrap" she thought, trying to pull her pants back up, but the monster grabbed on, tearing them completely off her legs. She screamed, and bolted down the corridor to the intersection she got lost in. There were two ways left, so she picked one quickly and ran.

As she ran she began to see the corridor naturally light up. It was the way out! Parkha sprinted hard until the ceiling gave way to the midnight sky, after which she stopped to look back. She heard laughing.

"Damn, you got scared right out of your pants!" teased one of the teens, "and-oh shit! They're soaked!". They turned to their friends to bring their attention. "Parks totally pissed herself and lost her pants!"

Parkha, forgetting about the monster for a second, looked down her torso, and her cheeks flushed red, her eyes tearing up. She grabbed and pulled her shirt down and crossed her legs to cover her panties. Parkha then quickly remembered she was being chased.

"Guys, we gotta get out of here, there's a monster in there!" She exclaimed. "It was tall, gangly, creepy-"

Another one interrupted her, "What monster? I don't see any." There were no footsteps or hellishing wailing, not anymore.

"Bu-but I saw...it was..I'm not joking I saw-" Parkha stumbled to try to explain.

"Just get in the car, you won the bet" said one of the taller girls. She whipped out her phone, typed, and an alert popped up on Parkha's phone she thankfully left in the car, confirming $100 electronic transfer for winning the dare. Everyone entered the car, and Parkha followed behind, holding her shirt down.

"Hey Parks," the girl began, "I'll give you another $100 if you totally prank everyone's doorbell looking like that!" The car burst in laughter, while Parkha slumped in the back seat giving a nervous chuckle. It was a rough night....but $100 is $100.

NOTE: I know I'm in a drawing hiatus...but I can still write fics on my phone!

