A peanuts story

Author: omofan77

*000*2015-11-06 16:03

When the Peanuts became Peenuts

Lucy decided to try selling lemonade again. It seemed popular as a lot of kids drank a lot. Linus had asked Lucy why she charged double for him. "I'm your brother."

"In that case, it's triple," said Lucy. Schroeder paid despite Lucy offering to give him lemonade for a kiss instead. When Charlie Brown arrived, Lucy had sold everything. "Sorry, kid. That's the way it goes," said Lucy simply. When Lucy returned to her usual booth, she started to feel the need to pee. "Good grief, I have to urinate," said Lucy. She tried to resist the urge, but couldn't help crossing her legs and holding herself.

"I can't wait any longer." She looked around, making sure she was alone. Noticing the empty pitcher, she placed it under her. Lucy lifted her dress, pulled her panties to the side, and peed into the pitcher. Lucy sighed in relief, looking down amazed how quickly it was filling. When the pitcher was half full, her peeing stopped. Lucy had to clean herself with a piece of her dress, then she dressed and got an idea. She put the pitcher on the booth with a sign for lemonade half price. She would tell anyone not to ask why it's half price.

As the strong lemonade began taking effect in the others who drank it, everyone started to feel the need to pee. While the little red haired girl squatted over the grass and Eudora peed in a gutter in an alley, Sally was walking home, fighting her growing desperation. Soon, she was jumping around. "Oooh, gotta tinkle, gotta tinkle." She realized she had to go here. She looked nervously around and saw no one around. Sally reached under her dress and lowered her panties. As pee began dripping out against her dress, Sally threw it off and let the contents of her bladder pour out. Sally sighed in relief and giggled as her pee poured out her body and onto the grass. "Ahhh, that feels so good, letting it all out." She focused on the pitter patter of her peeing and the growing relief as she stood naked, letting her stream make a large foamy puddle at her feet.

Finally, Sally noticed her peeing had slowed to drops dripping from her vagina. She pushed out the last of her pee and cleaned with the inside of her panties. As she got dressed, she noticed Linus walking by. Sally hid behind a tree as Linus looked back. "Good, no one's watching. I have to pee so bad I can't go another step." He walked up to a tree and lowered his shorts and underwear. He aimed his penis and peed onto the tree, letting it drip down the bark and pool onto the grass. Sally blushed as she watching. "Linus is so cute when he's going potty outside. He really is my sweet babbo. I'll let him finish tinkling by himself." Sally slipped away and Linus finished soon after. He pulled up his underwear and shorts. "Boy, that's better. Now to get home before anyone finds out." He walked on, carrying his security blanket, never knowing Sally was watching.

Schroeder was also on his way home when he realized he had to pee. Being a boy and able to stand, he casually found a large bush, pulled down the front of his pants and underwear and peed into the bush. At the same time, Peppermint Patty and Marcie were walking home. "I was thinking of visiting Charles," said Marcie. "You can't do that. Chuck will think you like him," said Peppermint Patty. "I do. I am rather fond of Charles," said Marcie. "I guess you like him too?" Peppermint Patty was spared from answering by the call of nature. "Hold that thought, Marcie. I have to whiz." Peppermint Patty walked up to a tree, lowered her shorts and panties, pulled on her folds and let out a long yellow arc that hit the tree. The sound of peeing, combined with the lemonade she drank, caused a sudden wave of desperation in Marcie. "I think I should urinate somewhere, sir."

"Stop calling me sir, Marcie. Just whiz here next to me, no one's looking." Marcie had no choice. She stood next to Peppermint Patty, pulling down her pants and red panties and bending down before peeing. When both girls were finished, Peppermint Patty cleaned with leaves and gave some to Marcie as she pulled up her panties and shorts as Marcie did the same. "Thanks, sir."

"Stop calling me sir," said Peppermint Patty.

Violet had just made it home when the growing desperation from the lemonade reached its peak. She could feel pee beginning to dip out. Seeing she was all alone, she sat down on the stairs and pulled down her panties, lifting her dress. Then she sighed in relief amidst the torrent of pee that now exited her body, dripping down each step as it pooled into the grass at the bottom. When her peeing stopped, Violet went inside. Wanting to wipe with something proper and not wanting pee drops from her vagina on her panties, Violet headed to the bathroom, her panties in her hand. Fredia, meanwhile, also made to her yard, but the walking and movement had increased her desperation.

Now unable to bear it, Fredia went up to her inflatable pool, held up the front of her dress and yanked her panties off. She bent over the water and peed. As Fredia sighed in relief, she looked down and watched as the strong amount of pee began to turn the water yellow. Once fully relieved, Fredia washed with the hose, then dumped out the pee filled water in the pool and refilled it. "At least it didn't affect my naturally curly hair."

Patty was hoping to find a bathroom soon. As she came upon the wall and saw no one around, Patty decided to let nature take its course on the wall. Standing against the wall, Patty reached under her dress, pulling her panties to her ankles. Making sure her dress was held up so her vagina was exposed, Patty relaxed and peed onto the bottom of the wall. So immersed in her peeing, she didn't notice Shermy walk up, pull down his pants and underwear, and pee with her. Soon, she noticed him. Shermy just shrugged. "Since you were peeing here, I figured it was ok if I peed here too." Then he handed Patty a handkerchief to clean with. Then to get away from the awkward moment, Patty started a casual conversation with Shermy.

The next day, Patty was discussing her problem with Lucy. "Shermy caught me going to the bathroom on the wall." Lucy casually asked, "What happened next?"

"Actually we had a nice talk and he treated me to ice cream," said Patty. "Then you have nothing to worry about. Five cents please." Fredia also consulted Lucy. "I don't understand why I had to pee so bad like that and I can't believe I peed in my pool. At least my naturally curly hair was still perfect."

"Just look at the bright side and don't worry about the rest," said Lucy. "Five cents, please." Violet confessed to peeing on her steps. "We all have situations like that," said Lucy. "You're no different from anyone else. Five cents, please." Linus also came by. "Yesterday, I peed on a tree and can't shake the feeling I was watched."

"You're just feeling guilty," said Lucy. "Practice in the yard and get over the idea someone's watching you. Five cents, please." When Sally explained her experience and said she saw something cute and couldn't forget it, Lucy advised her to find something else to think about before charging her five cents. Finally, Marcie came by and explained she thought the lemonade was too strong and made her pee. Marcie suggested she didn't make it again. "Why do you think I run this booth instead of a lemonade booth? Besides, I'm making more money today than yesterday." Lucy smiled and shook the collection of nickels. "My favorite sound."

