First ever fiction - Amanda's Agony

Author: Jimmy Lang

*000*2012-07-26 14:32

Hey gang, this is my first ever omo-fic so leave comments please. Thanks! It's long but I hope it holds your attention.

Amanda tapped her foot rapidly as she waited on the terminal for the underground train. Any moment now, the 11:45 would arrive and she would rush immediately to the small toilet compartment at the back of the last car. She needed to pee desperately, so much so that she would normally go back up to the street to find a cafe or restaurant still open, or even a secluded place in an alley to relieve her need, but this was the last train of the night and she didn’t want to miss it.

“Come on, come on,” she thinks to herself, beginning to rub her ample thighs together. She was just a little bit heavy but this gave her a plump, round bottom and large breast that the boys loved. She had straight blonde hair and soft cheeks, often and easily spread with a smile. But she was not smiling now, feeling an unrelenting, building pressure in her bladder and not being able to shake the feeling that she would begin to leak at any moment.

“God, I have to go! Where is this fucking train!” she thinks, biting her lip and letting out a short, frustrated exhalation. She hears the familiar shriek of a train’s wheels on the rails and leans to look for her salvation rounding the corner, thinking that soon her discomfort will be over.

A train comes around a bend in the tunnel but it is the C train moving in the opposite direction from her home! She swears aloud as she watches the train pull in on the other side of the terminal, thinking of the cramped little room in the back of the last car with its plastic chemical toilet, thinking that if only she were headed in that direction she would shuffle through the train to the back, hands in her pockets pulling the waistband of her panties up into her crotch, needing the added pressure to survive for those last few vital moments until she could pull the little bathroom door closed behind her, probably not even having time to secure the latch before turning her butt to the toilet, wiggling her tight jeans down her hips and just GOING…

A sudden surge of pressure interrupts her reverie and for the first time Amanda is forced to drive her hands up into her crotch, feeling that her fingers against her urethra are the only thing stopping her urine from pouring out and flooding her panties. She curtsies and the surge soon passes, but her unrelenting need remains. Amanda removes her hands but maneuvers one to squeeze from behind, which she thinks is more inconspicuous. She glances around the terminal, seeing two other passengers who are both tinkering with their smart phones. Fortunately they seem unaware of her plight. Amanda feels that the steady pressure of her hand is the only thing keeping her bladder from exploding.

“How did I let myself go this far?” she thinks, frustrated with herself. She had been catching up with an old friend and the time flew by. Before she knew it, she had to rush to the underground to catch the last train, with no time to visit the restroom. Her need had multiplied exponentially since then and she knew that trying to save a few minutes had been a big mistake.

Finally, Amanda’s train arrives and she walks toward it briskly but with stiff legs and every muscle in her body feeling tense. She removes her hand from under her cheeks and places both of them inside her pockets, pulling up the waistband of her red cotton bikini panties into her crotch as hard as she can. With so few passengers to board, the train begins to move almost immediately and Amanda uses the momentum to rush toward the last car. “Oh my god, oh my god please don’t let it be closed, don’t let anyone be in there, I’m gonna’ pee my pants,” she thinks as she passes through one car and then another, racing against the surging liquid inside of her, not caring who sees her flushed and scrunched up face and stumbling gait, so obviously a woman in desperate need of a toilet.

She enters the last car and beelines toward the toilet compartment. Then she sees something that makes her stop abruptly in her tracks, makes her tear her hands from her pockets and grip her crotch for all she is worth as a spurt of pee dampens her panties – the restroom has been vandalized! The entire door and part of the flimsy plastic wall has been removed and the toilet is exposed to the entire car!

“Fuuuck!” she says aloud, losing all composure and sense of public decorum. A shy woman, she has instantly made the perhaps impossible decision to wait until she gets to her stop, about 25 minutes from now. There are five more stops.

A soft frustrated moan escapes from Amanda as she shuffles to the seat nearest the vandalized restroom and places her hands firmly into her crotch again. At least sitting down is more comfortable. She bangs her knees together as she rapidly opens and closes her legs, thinking “oh my god hold it, hold it, you HAVE to hold it.”

Amanda is not sure whether the other passengers in the car noticed her display in front of the toilet, but they are beginning to notice her now, giving her subtle and not-so-subtle glances. Amanda doesn’t care as she jiggles her legs and wiggles her butt around in the seat, doing anything she can to keep from PEEING!

The train comes to a stop at the next station and a few of the passengers get off. Amanda’s need is incredible, worse than she has ever needed to pee in her life. She changes her mind, knowing she will never make it home without having a major accident. Instead, if she is lucky and everyone leaves her car, then she can pee in the exposed toilet in peace.

“Oh my god, leave, get off, just LEAVE!” she thinks, looking at the other passengers as they shuffle out of the car. There are only three passengers left now, but Amanda is almost at her limit. She moans softly in frustration and burrows her hands more deeply into her crotch, kneading with her fingers to find a spot that helps her deal with the incredible pressure. She wants to undo her belt to relieve some of the tightness across her waist and help her hold on, but she doesn’t dare do it when people can see her.

Amanda is starting to perspire. Sweat stands on her forehead and she can feel it pooling in the small of her back. She looks longingly at the little plastic toilet, almost at the point of rushing to it and frantically tearing down her pants and panties, not caring who sees. She looks toward the remaining passengers, two of them talking to each other and the third reading a newspaper. Amanda considers risking a run to the toilet, thinking that the other passengers are not paying attention to her, but she realizes that the man with the newspaper is stealing glances in her direction.

“Oh my God, get off, I have to pee, I have to pee SO BAD!” she thinks, praying that the passengers will get off the train soon. The subway begins to slow as it approaches another station and Amanda grits her teeth, trying not to move, trying not to give the perv with the newspaper a reason to stay on the train. Fortunately he and the couple rise and move to get off. To Amanda, they seem to be moving with an incredible slowness. Finally they are off the train and Amanda waits for a tense moment, praying that no new passengers will board. “Oh my god please,” she thinks, tapping her feet rapidly, “I’m about to pee my pants!”

The train doors slide shut and even before the train has begun to move, Amanda is on her feet, bent over slightly and with her hands still firmly in her tortured crotch, shuffling toward the little toilet. She feels a fierce stinging heat in her vagina as she looks at it: the bowl and the glorious seat that will soon spell her relief.

The pressure is too much; she begins to run. Amanda stumbles into the restroom compartment, breathing heavily, sticks her butt out toward the toilet and bends double, her jeans-clad rear almost touching the toilet seat and her feet stomping out an incessant tap dance as she removes one hand from her crotch to struggle with her belt buckle.

“Come-on-Come-ON!” she says under her breath. Tears well up in her eyes as a trickle of urine escapes and her wet panties begin to stick to her womanhood. She has waited too long – she is having an accident right near the toilet! Amanda tugs at her belt buckle; she has only seconds now before her pee will escape in a torrent, clothes on or not. Amanda feels a surge building deep inside her groin like an on-rushing orgasm, with the same unstoppable freight train momentum.

Finally the belt buckle gives way and Amanda jerks straight up, still stomping her feet, puffing out her breath in short gasps as her pee continues to patter out, her belt buckle jingles and her trembling hands tear open her jeans in about two seconds. She rips the button open and is already beginning to squat as she hears the forceful “zip!” and tugs her jeans and panties by the waistbands down to just above her knees.

Amanda feels a burning warmth in her pussy as the first trickling stream patters out. She intends to stay hovering above the gross toilet seat but her pee stream builds like a bucket being poured into a sink and Amanda sags down onto the toilet in breathless relief. Her stream sputters and nearly dies but then explodes with two strong bursts before Amanda fully relaxes and it pours out of her, the hissing and pattering sound resounding in the gray plastic waterless bowl. Amanda sighs deeply as she feels the tremendous relief, a sigh that turns into a low-throated groan, almost the sound she makes at orgasm, as her water continues to flow. Her pee is splashing into the bowl, spattering onto her inner thighs with its force and Amanda, looking down at her clear white spray, releases a few more panting breaths. Her left leg is twitching as she pees; she can’t believe her pain is over after so much struggle.

But suddenly the train begins to slow down. “It’s coming into another station!” Amanda thinks in alarm, surprised that another is so close. She realizes that any number of passengers could board momentarily and see her with her pants down, wetting a flood. She feels a wave of panic, almost as strong as the one she felt when she first began leaking, and tries to cut off the flow. It takes a few moments for the stream to die into a trickle and then stop and the stinging sensation causes her to grunt in pain and one of her legs to spasm. There is still so much more pee!

Amanda hears the low beep in the compartment signaling that the doors are about to open and quickly stands, pulls up her pants and fastens her belt again, swishing her legs together as her entire abdomen seems to scream in protest. She has no time to wipe and she feels the wetness on her inner legs and in her panties. Somewhat relieved but still badly in need of finishing her pee, Amanda steps out of the toilet compartment and takes her seat in the train compartment.

To her surprise and horror, she realizes she still needs to go quite badly. “Oh my god,” she thinks, “why do I have to go this much!”

Another stop goes by; there are only two more before her own but Amanda is dying inside. There are several passengers on board and Amanda prays that they will all get off at the next stop like happened last time. Her apartment is two stops and a short walk away, but she does not think she can even make it to the street again before releasing the rest of her flood. Amanda looks out the window behind her into the rushing dark, biting her lip, jiggling her legs, doing anything to try to stop the agony.

And then, despite her fierce grip on her crotch, her twisted and contorted body and tightly closed thighs, there is nothing Amanda can do to stop a strong stream of pee that lasts for three seconds. The stinging sensation is incredible as the pee forces its way through Amanda’s tightly-pressed fingers and thighs. She can feel the warmth in her already damp panties, clinging to her labia, and she swears she can feel some on her fingers.

“Oh my god I’m PEEEEING! No, PLEASE just a little bit LONGER!”

She bends over double out of pain and embarrassment but then springs to her feet in almost the same motion. She knows waiting any longer is impossible – she is wetting her pants. She doesn’t care about the other passengers anymore, she needs to go and she needs to go NOW, before she has a major accident and soaks her pants the rest of the way. The dampness she feels now will be nothing compared to releasing the flood she has still inside of her. Amanda tries to get herself under control and move slowly so as not to draw too much embarrassing attention. She takes the few short steps over to the toilet with a false calm, feeling a thundering pressure in her bladder with every step and aware of the uncomfortable clammy wetness in her crotch.

She steps into the compartment, dying inside at the embarrassment as a few passengers try to pretend not to be watching her. She turns her butt to the toilet but, trying to be discreet, pulls her pants down gently about halfway to her knees. Her bladder protests at her lack of urgency with another stinging surge, bringing more tears to her wet eyes and eliciting a small whimper at what she is about to do in public.

Amanda pulls her pants down just enough to get them out of the way so she can pee, following their progress with a high-pitched urgent whine. She tries to pull the waistband of her panties down around the bottom of her butt without exposing her vagina too badly until the last second. She is barely able to contain the flood as she moves with a slowness that her urgent need barely allows. Amanda plops herself down onto the toilet, keeping her big legs closed and trying to hide the view of what she is doing. This time Amanda’s pee starts strongly, her bladder thankful to resume its interrupted work and she is quickly going full-force. With her legs closed and her pants down only a little bit, Amanda hopes that people cannot see her, but she realizes that they must be able to hear the splatter.

Amanda is softly crying as she sits on the toilet, feeling more ashamed than she has ever felt in her life, but still feeling almost against her will a near orgasmic pleasure at releasing her pent-up pee. Amanda looks fixedly at the floor between her legs and tries to cover her face with her hands, squeezing her bladder with all her might to try to finish peeing as quickly as possible. This only makes her stream stronger and the embarrassing sound louder. Long before she is done, the train pulls into the second-to-last station before her stop, and many more people enter.

Amanda still stares downward, burning with embarrassment as much as her bladder is burning from its struggle. The new passengers are beginning to notice her and she tries to stop peeing again since she is so close to her apartment now. She raises her butt a few inches up from the toilet and pinches her muscles closed. Again the stinging pain is intense as her over-worked muscles protest but she stops the flow. She grabs the top of her pants and begins to pull them up. When the tangle of clothes cover about half of her butt, Amanda’s bladder refuses to be subdued anymore and she releases a strong stream into her clothes as they hang under her vagina.

More of the new passengers are looking now and Amanda realizes that she would rather pee out the rest of her bladder’s contents into her jeans than have all these creepy strangers look at her naked boy. She pulls her jeans up the rest of the way, leaving the zipper, belt and button undone, and relaxes back onto the toilet in defeat. Almost immediately, her stream resumes with full force and Amanda hears a gentle patter against the cotton and denim. She feels her bottom getting wet, the saturated material clinging to her butt.

Amanda sits on the toilet and sobs, the warmth and the wetness spreading around her entire crotch as her bladder refuses to quit. She goes for what feels like hours, listening to the snickers or the small empathetic noises from the passengers in the car. She makes one more desultory effort to stop going, managing to bring the flow from a strong stream to a trickle for just a few moments before, groaning with fatigue, she has no choice but to resume peeing strongly. Her pee stream eventually dies to a trickle, with the wetness spreading around the backs of her legs. When she is done, she remains sitting on the toilet, looking down, praying that some of the passengers will leave the train before she does.

*005*2012-08-06 15:52

Thanks gang, i'm sure I will do more sooner or later. Forward praise to Sher & Ger's website as they don't seem to want to publish it. J/k

*015*2013-03-20 00:16

This is blowing up all of a sudden. Thanks everyone. I have another story y'all might like. https://omorashi.org/topic/12834-past-and-present/

