Shrinking Violet

Author: specialflakes

*000*2013-01-18 00:05

Hey, so this is my first story. Sorry if it’s not great.

Please give me your feedback and let me know if there’s anything I can improve.

Enjoy!

Chapter 1

Janie and I are anything but friends. In fact, I‘d say we‘re about as opposite as we can possibly get. And before you ask, no, I don’t believe in that ‘opposites attract’ myth, or whatever they’re calling love these days. How would a neurotic neat freak possibly be attracted to a vile slob, for example? But enough about that.

It’s the beginning of first period, and currently we are sitting in Mrs. Hughes’ seventh grade class engaged in our silent reading. I -- Macy -- am wearing bubblegum eyeshadow and violet lipstick. My medium-length red hair is down and my bangs swept back with a hot pink headband. I’m wearing a red, spaghetti strap dress long enough to not get in trouble, but short enough to show off my sexy, bronzed legs. Underneath my dress my bra is completely stuffed like it is everyday, not that I have small boobs or anything, and I‘m sporting black converse sneakers with no socks.

Janie has milky-white skin, and long dark brown, almost black hair that she always pins back in a half-ponytail. Her cheeks are pink like cotton candy, and she has small eyes the same color as her hair. She usually wears a plain blouse and skirt in drab, sombre colours and without texture. Sometimes I hear boys in my class talk about how her clothes don‘t do any justice to her ’scrumptious’ body, but they must have X-ray vision or something cause I don‘t see any curves whatsoever and frankly, I‘m kind of glad.

Janie sits in a lonely island by the window, as usual completely detached from the rest of us. Today, she is wearing a bright green shirt and an iris purple skirt that makes room for a good portion of her legs; an unusual choice of clothing for her. Her hair is still in that usual half-down/half-up style, locked in place by a purple ribbon that matches her skirt, and on her feet are shiny black flats. However, as I glance towards her desk, I notice a small look of worry on her face which catches my attention. It’s true she is hopelessly shy and is probably anxious 24/7, but the look seems to be attached to something else. Just as I start to wonder what could possibly rattle her so much, I see her press her knees together and bury her hand into her skirt. She bites her lip, looks around self-consciously and jumps right back into her book. Of course; she has to pee. I wonder why she was foolish enough not to use the bathroom before class started.

Mrs. Hughes has a strict rule against going to the bathroom during class -- she told us on the first day of school that she has not once allowed a single bathroom break in her thirty years of teaching, saying they are unnecessary and a waste of time. She also doesn’t trust us leaving the classroom unsupervised. This rule has resulted in a lot of uncomfortable situations and a few embarrassing accidents. However, despite this Mrs. Hughes has not discarded the rule and says it should serve as a reminder for us to be wise and use the bathroom before class begins.

I take a look at Janie. She is now wriggling in her seat with her hand still buried in her lap, chewing on the nails of her other hand. She tries to concentrate on her book, but looks like she just can‘t take her mind off her need to pee. I remember my older brother telling me once that he was into girls wetting themselves -- I even saw him going into pee fetish websites. I had no idea how anyone could possibly be into something like that. I thought it was sick and reprehensible, but now that I see Janie squirming and tapping her foot restlessly on the ground, something about seeing it in person makes me unable to ignore her unfortunate situation.

For the next hour, I find myself focusing less on the lesson and more on Janie as she becomes increasingly desperate. I see her constantly shift in her chair, uncross and re-cross her legs, bite her lip, and blushing every time she’s forced to slide her hand into her skirt. Then, when first period is finally over and it’s time for PE, I see a look of relief on Janie’s face. I remember that there is a toilet inside the change room, which she obviously plans on using. My shoulders sink in disappointment. While I’m sure the class must have been torture for her, it went by too fast for me, and for some reason I want to see her suffer more.

We walk along the narrow hallway towards the change rooms. Even as I chat with my friends Jessie and Micki I still keep my eyes on Janie, who looks even more stiff than usual. She walks in short steps keeping her legs close together and her hands on her crotch. She bites her lip and the eagerness to relieve her bladder is clear in her eyes. We finally reach the change room, and I hear the quietest sigh of relief coming from behind me; it’s pretty obvious who it’s from. I frown in disappointment. I’m about to open the door, when I suddenly develop a brilliant plan, and a wicked smile forms on my face. Maybe I will get to watch her suffer more.

We scatter inside the large change room and I immediately diverge from my friends and head straight for the stall in the corner. Janie is heading that way too, almost running, but I get there first. When I’m inside the stall and I’ve locked the door, I hear a soft gasp and then a sigh. I smirk to myself. Looks like poor little Janie is going to have to hold it. I’d always assumed Janie is one of those pee-shy people and normally wouldn’t feel comfortable going to the bathroom where everybody can hear, but I guess she’s just that desperate.

I sling my bag off my shoulder, lay it on the toilet, and remove a skintight grey T-shirt, some white socks, and red short-shorts. I take my sweet time untying and removing my sneakers, stripping my dress off over my shoulders, putting on my shorts, changing into the top, slipping my socks on, and finally putting my sneakers back on my feet.

I occasionally glance down at the small opening between the floor and the stall door and can see the bottom of Janie’s crossed legs. I can only imagine the look of sheer panic she must have on her face, biting her lip, praying for me to hurry up. I guess this is what is known as schadenfraude.

I look at my watch. There’s still a minute left before we have to meet out in the hall. I frown. Janie is still waiting outside the stall, and when I peek through the tiny space in the door, I see she is slightly bent over with her legs crossed tightly and her hands pressing lightly on her peehole. I really don’t want to give her the satisfaction and relief she’s so desperately craving. Suddenly, I have a ruthless idea -- I remember I have some of my own pee to let out from the soda I drank on the way to school. It can wait; it’s still a long time before it becomes anything close to urgent, but what the hell, I’m already in a stall, why waste the opportunity?

I grab my bag from the toilet and set it on the floor. I then lay a few sheets of toilet paper on the seat, pull down my shorts and panties, sit on the toilet and use it for what it was made for. I make sure to pee forcefully into the water so it’s nice and loud, and I let out a huge, exaggerated sigh of relief, smiling as I realize how deliciously cruel I can be. I get exactly the reaction I want -- a soft moan comes from the other side of the stall. I try to make the pee last as long as I can, knowing the sound is making Janie more desperate by the second.

When I finish peeing, I hear the footsteps of girls leaving the change room; Jessie calls after me:

“Macy, come on, we have to go!”

“I’ll be right there!” I shout. Smugly, I wipe, flush the toilet, pick up my bag and exit the stall. Janie is still there, of course, crossed legs and all. There are beads of sweat running down her neck, and she’s having trouble just standing still. She really must be about to explode. I realize she hasn‘t even brought her gym clothes. What a bimbo.

“Oh, were you waiting for the stall?” I ask her innocently. She nods, and then with a gasp, frantically shoves her hand into her skirt. I‘m guessing she must have leaked in her panties. “Sorry, I guess I kind of lost track of time. Silly me!” I tip my head back slightly as I laugh. “Well, it looks like there’s no time to use the bathroom, Mrs. Hughes is gonna come and lock up the change room, and we have to go. You’ll just have to hope you’ll be lucky and she won’t notice you’re not wearing your gym clothes. But it’s not that bad, right?” I ask, now referring to her other, more important problem. “Surely, you can make it.” She nods slowly, looking devastated that she‘s going to have to wait another whole hour before she‘ll have a chance to relieve herself. Jessie is leaning against the door, impatiently playing with one of her braids. “Let’s go,” she mouths. I smile and hold up a finger. “One minute,” I mouth back to her. Jessie sighs.

I walk over to the sink and turn on the tap, letting the cool water pour onto my hands. I can see Janie in the mirror above the sink and it gives me a great view of her increasingly dooming desperation. I decide to torture her a little more and splash some water onto my face. She hurriedly looks away, and almost doubles over with overpowering desperation.

“Macy, I am leaving in two seconds if you don’t get your ass over here-”

“I’m here!” I say cheerfully, running up to Jessie with a water bottle in my hand. “See, I’m right here, and I’m all fresh and ready to go.”

Jessie grins, and rolls her eyes. “It’s about time.” I toss my gym bag off to an adjacent bench as Jessie opens the door to leave. I whisper to her about Janie’s dilemma and she giggles. Then, while we’re walking out of the change room, I ‘accidentally’ let the door slam in Janie’s face. I hear a soft, “Oh!” and a dripping sound coming from behind us, and Jessie and I burst into giggles again.

We wait outside for Mrs. Hughes to come so we can head for the gym, eager and a little nervous to find out what activity is planned for today. I just hope it’s not running. I hate running. I watch Janie trying to hide her greatly uncomfortable need for the bathroom, but still giving a small squirm every now and then. I smile, knowing how much she’s dreading PE. Now that she missed her chance to use the bathroom, she’ll have to wait until the period’s over, and the change rooms are locked up after we change to avoid theft, so she can’t sneak out and use the toilet during PE. Finally, Mrs. Hughes shows up, with her whistle draped across her neck like a necklace. She locks the change rooms and leads us into the gymnasium.

We are all lined up in alphabetical order in the large, air-conditioned gym as Mrs. Hughes walks by, performing her routine gym strip inspection. She nods at each person she passes until she stops in front of Janie, not looking too happy.

“Janie, where is your gym strip?” Everyone turns to look at the timid brunette girl who is now blushing.

“I … I forgot,” she whispers, looking down at the ground.

“SPEAK UP!” Mrs. Hughes roars. Janie flinches and instantly looks up, her face becoming redder and redder. I notice a small wet spot forming on her skirt.

“I forgot it,” she says, a bit louder this time, though still barely audible.

“You forgot, your gym strip?!” Mrs. Hughes bellows, practically steaming. I notice Janie fidgeting with her skirt and how she‘s slightly bouncing up and down, and I can only imagine the force she must be using to refrain herself from crossing her legs or jamming her hands into her crotch.

“I‘m waiting!”

“Y-yes,” Janie squeaks, then does her trademark lip bite. I suddenly, to my shock and amusement spot a few yellow drops on the back of her legs. I stifle a giggle.

Mrs. Hughes’ expression of absolute fury turns to a less intimidating, but still degrading look of disappointment. “Well, what a shame. Our quiet, forgetful Janie forgets her gym strip … the simplest thing. A shame indeed. But certainly not an excuse. It looks like you’ll have to participate this class in your street clothes. And you’ll be very lonely for the rest of the day, as nobody’s going to want to hang around a forgetful, sweaty girl.” Several students laugh, including me. I see tears in Janie‘s eyes. “And this had better not happen again!” Mrs. Hughes turns back to the other students. “Well, now that we’ve wasted the first five minutes of class, hopefully we‘ll still have enough time to play a good ol’ game of dodge ball.“ The class erupts into numerous cheers and a few groans. I don’t have to be a mind reader to know that Janie is not happy about this. A vigorous, fast-paced game like dodge ball is not a good idea when you’re dealing with a very full bladder.

Mrs. Hughes and a couple of other kids walk into the storage closet and fetch several colourful balls. They lay them on an imaginary line separating the gym into two halves, and then we form our teams. I volunteer to be a captain. My first choice for team-mates is Jessie. Next is Micki. After that, I pick Quinn because he just looks so f*cking hot in that a-shirt. When there are only two kids left -- Drake and Janie -- I think about picking Janie for my team so I’ll get a closer view of her humiliation, but I quickly decide no because first of all, I am pretty popular and I have an image to maintain. Of the two last choices I have, Drake is at least somewhat less of an outcast. Besides, I already have another plan.

After the teams are formed and standing on opposite sides of the small gym, Mrs. Hughes blows her whistle and the game begins. I run over to where the balls are scattered and pick up a ball. I scan the opposite team looking for a good target. Aha. I toss the ball towards Jocelyn, and she yelps when it hits her arm and her glasses get nudged. “You’re out!” I yell. With a sad look on her face, Jocelyn walks over to the bench and sits down.

I smile and pick up another ball. Let’s see, who‘s next? Connor… Narrowing my eyes and focusing on my prey -- while at the same time avoiding getting hit myself -- I throw back my arm and viciously throw the green ball at the chubby boy, hitting him square in the shin. He cries out painfully.

“You’re out!” I shout again.

“Nice!” Micki and Jessie cheer me on. I smile arrogantly. They do tell me I have good aim. Quinn comes and gives me a high five; my heart flutters.

“Great job, keep it up,” he says, and then runs over to grab a ball.

“Um… thanks,” I stammer, and I feel myself begin to blush. Horrified, I pull myself out of this dreamy state and get back into the game.

Five minutes later, there are three people left on the other side of the gym, but only half of my team is out. Let’s see… there’s Carla, no, she always jumps out of the way. Richard, nah, he‘ll just start whining.

Janie.

An evil grin spreads all over my face. That’s right, the little mouse is still in the game, and now is the perfect time to carry out my plan. I tell Jessie and Micki, and they love it. I run back to grab my water bottle and take several long drinks, glancing over to see if Janie is watching. Apparently so, because I see her cross her legs and bury her hands into her skirt, blushing heavily. I seal the water bottle, swipe a hand across my lips, and run back to where Jessie and Micki are standing.

“Quick, get a ball,” I say to them. “And bring me one too!” While I’m waiting for them to return, I look over to where Janie is standing. She’s biting her lip, I might have guessed, and keeping her legs firmly crossed. I don’t think I’ve ever seen such a subtle look of suffering before. Jessie and Micki come back, practically giggling from excitement. They hand me a ball.

“Okay, on three,” I say. “One, two, THREE!” Immediately, we all hurl our balls violently towards the desperate brown-haired girl. She gasps, but somehow manages to avoid getting hit. As she jumps out of the way, her skirt flies up and I catch a glimpse of her white, lace-trimmed panties. It’s hard to tell from here, but I can almost swear I saw a growing wet patch on the material. A few drops fall underneath her, creating a small puddle.

“Crap, we missed her,” says Jessie irritated. Micki grunts.

“Don’t worry, I’ll get her,” I say. “I think I just need more room. You guys stand back.” I don’t need to repeat myself, as they eagerly step back and give me some space. I lick my lips and grip on to the ball as tightly as I can. It was easy to knock out all the other kids cause I wasn’t aiming for any specific part of their body, but this time it’s different -- I have to hit that spot.

I take a deep breath and with all my might, hurl the ball straight towards Janie. It hits her right in her stomach. She squeals in pain, and then covers her mouth with one hand as she gasps and looks down. I do the same and notice a dark, glistening wet spot forming on her skirt. She shoves her hands in between her legs, but her effort to stop the flow is now futile. A river of urine escapes from her and starts flowing down her leg. I am about to announce the arrival of her anticipated accident, but Jessie notices as well and beats me to the punch, shouting:

“Look, Janie’s wetting herself!”

Immediately, the room which had previously been so noisy and out of control becomes so silent that -- forgive the cliché -- you can hear a pin drop. Every single person turns their attention to the shrinking violet that Jessie is pointing at standing in the corner. Janie’s face turns the colour of cherries, and she takes her hands away from her legs. She closes her eyes in shame as her bursting bladder erupts and hot pee starts trickling down her legs and splashing on the floor. Her pee pools into her shoes, and forms a large puddle underneath her feet. The girls look in complete shock and disgust, and I try to savour the moment, enjoying every second of her dismaying humiliation. Some boys start hooting and whistling bawdily. Janie looks like she wants the ceiling to cave in and crush her as she continues to let her bladder empty itself for what seems like an eternity.

Finally, after about two minutes, the waterfall dies down and the last trickles of pee exit Janie’s exhausted bladder. I inspect the damage. Her skirt is completely ruined, almost fully soaked front and back. Her legs are shimmering with streaks of pee, and her shoes are drenched. The room is now silent again, except for the occasional drop that hits the puddle surrounding Janie measuring about 5 feet in diameter.

Mrs. Hughes is the first to break the silence:

“Oh, Janie, this is beyond disappointing! Look at you, wetting yourself like a little girl. Unbelievable.” Soon people start whispering and pointing at the soaked girl. Gradually the chatter gets louder and louder until the room is filled with so much noise you can barely hear your own thoughts. I manage to catch small bits of conversation, like “She f*cking pissed herself!”, “Thank god it’s not me” and “Is it me or was that kinda hot?” The plethora of conversations are shattered by the deafening, shrill sound of Mrs. Hughes‘ whistle. Everybody shushes and turns to look at our teacher, except for Janie who is too mortified to look anywhere but her wet feet.

“Enough!” yells Mrs. Hughes. “What a disaster,” she sighs, placing a hand on her forehead. She ponders about what she is going to do, and everybody waits anxiously. Finally, Mrs. Hughes says, “I’ll have to call the janitor to come and clean this up. Until then, PE is suspended.” The room fills with loud groans and complaints; some people glare at the dripping Janie for interrupting the dodgeball game that most of us were enjoying.

Mrs. Hughes blows her whistle again. “I am not finished!” As instant as the flame of a candle being blown out, we are all silent again. “Janie, you’ll have to go to the nurse’s office so they can give you some clean clothes. Macy, please accompany her.” I freeze. What? Me? Why does she want me to go? Mrs. Hughes says, “If a twelve year old girl can’t control her own bladder, I am not going to trust her wandering around the school all by herself. Go immediately.” She points to the door, and I reluctantly walk towards it with Janie trailing behind me, still looking at the ground.

We walk along the hallway of the large school towards the stairs to walk down to the office. Janie’s shoes make a squelching sound with every step, and her sopping wet skirt is still dripping every few seconds. Then all of a sudden, Janie starts crying. My eyes shoot wide open, not expecting the usually withdrawn Janie to express herself so openly.

“I-I hate my life,” she says through her sobs. What a whiny bitch. I’m already regretting she wet herself.

“It’s bad enough I don’t fit in here,” she continues. “But n-now …” She can’t finish her sentence and buries her face into her hands as she starts sobbing again.

When she regains composure, she sniffles and starts talking again, “And now, everybody’s going to find out what happened, and I’ll never make any friends.“ She is right about that. Stories like this spread like a forest fire in this school. Still, I‘m surprised she‘s even talking this much. Usually, she won‘t say a word unless someone asks her something, and even then it‘s usually a mumble. I guess this really must have got to her.

“Why didn’t you just go?” I ask, even though I already know the answer.

“I was too scared to ask,” she says and dabs at her eyes. “Besides, it would be pointless. Mrs. Hughes never lets anyone go to the bathroom, and she was already angry at me, so there was even less of a chance. I tried to hold it in, but … ” Her eyes well up again and she cries miserably. For a second I almost feel sorry for her, and a little bit guilty, but I quickly shake those feelings away. After all, it’s not my fault she was too stupid not to go to the bathroom before school started. She cries for almost a minute before she can get a hold of herself and go on talking:

“A-and, this morning, I was reading my horoscope, a-a-and it said today would be my lucky day. I was so happy, and that’s why I wore these clothes.” So that explains the colourful outfit. But seriously, she reads the horoscopes? How naïve is she? “I guess I was so excited that I forgot to use the bathroom.” She sniffles. Excuses, excuses. And can’t she just say pee? Is she that insufferably shy that she can’t say the word ‘pee‘? “I can’t believe I peed myself.” There. Was that so hard?

“Well, if it makes you feel better, at least half the guys in the class seemed to enjoy it,” I say dryly, rolling my eyes. This doesn’t help -- more tears stream down her face and she looks like she is going to start crying again. Fortunately, she doesn’t.

“And now,” she starts saying. “the worst part is, when I get home, my dad is going to yell at me and probably spank me, and my mom won’t even look at me-”

“Wait. Did you just say, spank you?”

She nods. “Yes, my dad does that when he’s angry at me. Sometimes he uses a paddle. That’s the most painful.” I am completely in shock. Spanking? Her dad spanks her? My own parents have spoiled me rotten since the day I was born. I’ve received some light grounding before, but never a spanking. Jesus Christ.

We keep walking until we arrive at the summit of the staircase and begin going downstairs to the office. Suddenly, I trip over my shoelace which must have got untied, and next thing I know I’m crashing all the way down the twenty-six stairs of our school. I hardly have time to blink as my body tumbles down and down until finally, after I hit my head on the rigid surface of the stairs, I collapse face first on the ground. Janie gasps.

“Macy!” she cries, and I hear her footsteps running down the stairs. “Macy?” I can’t talk. I can’t feel anything now. Only sleepiness. My eyes slowly begin to shut on their own, and every breath is longer than the last. “Macy?” The sound seems so distant now… so … distant ….

… and slowly everything begins to fade away.

So, how was it? Good? Bad? Please let me know!

I realize this was more or less a ‘traditional’ wetting scenario, but the next chapter will be a lot different.

And yes, Macy is a huge bitch, I know, but she is also very insecure. I don’t want to give away too much, but I promise you she will change throughout the story.

I’ll be sure to post the next chapter ASAP :)

*009*2013-02-03 05:13

First of all, I apologize for the delay. I suffered major writer’s block when I was working on this, so this chapter took me a little longer than I intended. (Hopefully the wait was worth it.)

As well, thank you for all the supportive comments. They have been very motivating!

So as a reward, here is the first part of the second chapter of the story.

Enjoy! :)

Chapter 2

I have no idea where I am or what has happened when I slowly open my eyes and lift my upper body off the ground. The first thing I remember is falling down a staircase and hitting my head somewhere along the fall. Strangely, I don’t feel any pain in my head, or anywhere else where I must have collided with the stairs. The only pain I can feel is in my lower abdomen, and I suddenly realize that I really need to pee.

Immediately, I sit up so I’m kneeling and bury both hands into my crotch. I moan softly at the fullness of my bladder -- it feels as heavy as a boulder, and the pain is massive. I can‘t remember being desperate before. Then, as I look down at my lap, another memory flashes back. I realize I am wearing my red dress that I was wearing earlier, before PE … wait. PE? Why does that ring a bell?

Like a flash flood, all the events from earlier swirl back into my memory, and I remember about what happened that day -- the dodgeball game, the water I drank during PE (maybe that’s why I have to pee so badly) Janie peeing herself. That’s right, poor little Janie had an accident today. I smile to myself when I remember how humiliated she looked. But thinking about this incident does nothing to ease my own situation, and before I know it my hands are in my dress and pressing forcefully against my magenta panties. I blush when I realize what I am doing, and slowly get up, careful to avoid leakage.

The last memory crawls back to me, and I remember walking with Janie to the nurse’s office. Then it suddenly hits me; where is Janie? She was right here, wasn’t she? Where is anyone? I look around for the first time, and almost do a double take.

The surroundings are all too familiar -- it looks exactly like my school. The only differences are the ice blue walls are a hideous brown, and the shiny white floor a depressing grey. Most of the furniture is gone and there is a distinct, but nauseating smell that forces me to breathe through my mouth. As well, I notice garbage, and what looks like puddles of urine practically everywhere, once again reminding me of my unpleasant need for the bathroom.

I start to walk slowly around the place, and it suddenly begins to dawn on me that I could very well be dead. It would explain a lot, like for instance how my injuries seem to have magically healed. But if I am actually dead, then where am I? It can’t be heaven. Could it be hell? I wonder.

No, it can’t be. I wouldn’t belong there. It’s true, I’m not exactly the sweetest person in the world, but I thought you had to do something truly evil to go to hell, and I don’t think I’ve ever done anything like that. Have I? Then again, I’ve never done anything exceptionally good either. Does that mean, if you’re not quixotically good, you automatically go to hell? That’s a downer.

And if this is hell, it sure looks a lot different than I’ve imagined it. Where are the fiery pits? The tortured screams? The terror I should be feeling? Right now, I am more concerned about finding a place to release all this pee.

Aha, a person. I spot a guy dressed in a blue jacket, probably around my age. Something about him looks vaguely familiar, but I can’t place my finger on it. I walk up to the person -- God, he smells horrible -- and tap him on the shoulder.

“Excuse me, do you know where the washroom is?” He whirls around and jerks my hand violently off his shoulder.

“Get your hands off me, you skank!” He storms away.

“Well, f*ck you too!” I snarl back. God, some people. Still, hearing him call me a skank, I admit, stung a little. (I am very sensitive about my looks.) I feel like wetting all over him, but I can’t be wasting time now, and I’ve got other things to worry about, like:

How am I going to find the bathroom? Every time I bend my knees to hold in my pee I seem to sink closer and closer to the ground, like the weight of my bladder is pulling me down. Then it occurs to me -- if this is essentially a dystopian version of my school, then the bathroom should be right where it’s located in my school. All I have to do is follow the same path! I smile, pleased at my intelligence and the fact that relief is now within sight and waste no time heading towards the corresponding hallway, praying that my hypothesis is right and that there actually is a bathroom there.

I take quick, but careful steps walking along the dimly lit corridor, passing several obscure, barricaded classrooms. At one point I pass my own classroom, in which the glass panel on the door is smashed and the door itself rotting, covered in cobwebs. The lettering above the door spelling Mrs. Hughes’ Class has all but faded. It‘s spooky how the place looks so familiar and yet so alien at the same time. I have to stop every few seconds and hold myself firmly, as the pressure in my bladder increases to the point where it’s almost abnormal. I start to worry that I might not even make it to the bathroom, but I know that I can’t let myself think those thoughts. I can’t wet myself. No, I REFUSE to wet myself.

I try to distract myself by again pondering about the possibility that I am dead. As logical as it seems, I just can’t accept the fact that suddenly out of the thin blue, I am no longer a breathing, living thing. Besides, aren’t you supposed to have your whole life flash before your eyes when you die? I didn’t see my life flash before my eyes. That proves that I can‘t possibly be dead, and that therefore I am not in hell. Maybe that hit to the head is giving me hallucinations. Or maybe I’m in a coma and this is some bizarre dream-like state. But either way, I am not dead. I repeat, I am NOT DEAD.

Suddenly, another violent spasm hits my bladder, and I can feel a tingling sensation in my urethra, like there are spiders crawling inside of it. I double over as I desperately try to hold the litres of boiling urine inside of me, begging my bladder to hold on just a little bit longer. My pulse is racing -- I told you I‘m not dead, otherwise I wouldn‘t have a pulse! -- as I cut the corner and I pray that the bathroom will be there, otherwise I don‘t know what I‘m going to do. Please be there, please be there, please be there.

To my indescribable relief, I sure enough see a door with the silhouette of a woman painted on the surface. I don’t care if I’m in hell -- this is heaven for me! I almost cry with relief, but this premature jubilation is a huge mistake, as I feel drops of urine escaping from me and dampen my panties. I gasp and swiftly shove my hands under my dress and hold myself forcibly so as not to leak any more. This helps, but I’m scared to remove my hands from this position, in fear that all will be lost. I stay like this for about half a minute, then finally, when I’m almost certain it’s safe, take a deep breath and recompose myself. To my great relief, I remain dry. But I soon feel an acute pinch in my throbbing bladder, reminding me that I need to go now.

I whimper, and push open the door to go inside the bathroom, which looks even filthier than I thought it would. To add to my dismay, I immediately notice a line of people waiting for the toilet. It’s not much, only two people, but in my current condition there isn’t a second to lose. And even worse, I notice that there isn’t even a stall or anything, just a desolate toilet. But wait, I‘m in hell. What was I expecting? I feel mortified at the fact that I’m going to have to use the toilet in full view of everyone if I want to get my much needed relief, but desperate times call for desperate measures, and it looks like no matter how much I’m dreading it, I have no choice but to swallow my pride.

While I’m waiting anxiously in line, I notice something odd about the girl standing in front of me. Her hair is dishevelled and her clothes are a wreck just like the last boy I talked to, but she’s wearing a white blouse with an ascot on the collar, a plaid skirt and black and white oxfords. Just like they wore in the fifties. Now that seems very unusual. Then I notice the girl in front of her who is now peeing into the toilet is wearing clothes similar to the ones I saw my parents wearing in old pictures when they were kids. What is going on?

I shut my eyes and cringe as the unmistakable sound of peeing drills into my ears, which catapults my own need to pee to the near max. Fortunately, the stream flickers out after only a few seconds, and soon the girl steps away from the white fixture, not even bothering to flush. Finally! It was almost worth the wait now that I’ll be able to secrete every single drop of my pent-up fluids. It might even be beautiful. Of course, I’d enjoy it even more if I wasn‘t stuck in this dingy place. But then I remember that it’s not yet my turn. Shit! It was pure torture having to listen to that girl pee; I have no idea how, or if I’m going to be able to hold past another girl taking a Chinese singing lesson.

As the fifties girl is about to approach the toilet, I tap her on the shoulder. “Please, can I go in front of you?” I beg her. “I’m really about to soak myself.” I cross my legs even tighter to prove my point.

She sighs. “All right, go ahead. It’s not like it’ll make a difference.” Huh? Why does nothing make sense here! … I’ve got no time to ask questions. I just need to pee.

I almost gag when I see the toilet. It looks absolutely disgusting; like it hasn’t been cleaned for years. Now would be a good time for this hallucinogenic nightmare to end. I don’t know how I’m going to be able to do this. I want to at least lay some toilet paper on the seat, but there is no toilet paper to be seen. Part of me wants to run away at the revolting sight of the toilet, but at the same time I know it‘s literally a golden opportunity for my bursting bladder. The fact that the girl who gave up her turn for me is probably not happy that I’m taking this long to use the apparatus isn’t helping with the pressure either. Priorities, Macy, priorities! Don’t be stupid, take this opportunity!

Finally, mustering as much courage as I can, I take a deep breath and lift up my dress. As I am sitting down and about to pull down my panties, the fifties looking girl sits right on my lap, crushing me. This also puts tremendous pressure on my swollen bladder, and I feel a jet of pee moisten my already damp panties.

“Hey, what the f*ck?” I snap.

“Read the sign, you dunce!” she yells, pointing to the wall. Dunce??? God, she even talks like she’s from the fifties! I look and see a yellow sign saying: 20 SECONDS MAXIMUM. What the hell kind of policy is that?!

“Get off me!” I shove her off my lap. Ugh, now the back of my dress is all sloshy. I am about to stand in line again, since now I’ll finally get to be alone when she’s done, but then I notice something. I see the girl lift up her skirt, but she doesn’t pull her panties down and pees right through them. Is she just lazy or clueless?

“Um, you do know you’re supposed take those off when you go pee-pee?“ I say a little mockingly.

“You don’t say,“ she drones, but continues to pee with her panties on. I want to throw back a good comeback at her, preferably using fifties slang to mock her even more, but the peeing sound is really starting to push my bladder to its limit. I start to leave when I see a girl with frizzy blonde hair dressed in a cheerleading outfit walk into the bathroom. She gives me a smile. I smile back, grateful for at least some kind of hospitality. I want to talk to her, maybe she knows something about all this, but I know I can’t hang in here much longer or else I am going to spend eternity with a ruined dress. (I’m playing along, duh.)

I bolt out of the bathroom, and as soon as I am out the door, I ram my hands into my crotch and cross my legs, sighing blissfully at the temporary relief. Then hesitatingly, I lift up my dress and since I’m afraid to look down, put a hand on the front of my panties. To my relief, they don’t feel too wet; just a little bit. But once I feel the back of my panties, I realize with horror that there is a vast wet area across nearly my entire bottom! I shriek, and abruptly yank my hand away. Oh god, I’ve already wet my panties. This is so embarrassing. And I still need to go, BAD. I bite my lip and decide that I’ll just have to try Plan B -- find somewhere private to tinkle.

*011*2013-02-03 16:51

{{:

Nice! Is she dead or something, because the description make sound like she passed on to the underworld. Or did I miss read and it just a nightmare?

}}

Hi! Well, Macy is playing along with the idea that it is hell, but but deep down she believes that it is all a nightmare. As you'll see in the next part though, it is something else entirely.

*013*2013-02-13 06:23

{{:

This is so cute... I love the relationship between the two main girls, it makes me imagine a sort of Glinda / Elphaba scenario (which is something I keep intending to writ, but never seems to happen!) Also intrigued by where this story is going... I hope you'll update soon?! Your description of both desperation and wetting is phenomenal, as is your characterisation- a combination I rarely see on here!

}}

Thanks for the feedback! I was afraid I might be losing some readers. Nevertheless, I will try and have the next part up sometime this month (I hope)

I am glad you like their relationship! There is still a lot more character development to come. I was surprised, since I thought everyone would hate the main character lol

I will finish this thing, I can promise you that ;)

