Shrinking Violet

Author: specialflakes

*017*2013-03-16 03:12

I am SO sorry it‘s been so long! I’m absolutely terrible when it comes to updates so please forgive me!!!

Anyways … here is the other part (this is still the second chapter). This one was really hard to write and I hope it doesn’t confuse you. Just to let you know, after this will be the last chapter (I‘ve already written most of it, so it‘ll probably be posted a lot quicker than this one)

Enjoy! :)

I walk down the corridor, sweating like hell (no pun intended). The pain is beyond measures; it feels like there is a thornbush inside me. For a second I consider actually wetting myself just to put myself out of this misery, but I quickly veto this thought, appalled that the idea would even cross my mind. I haven’t wet myself since I was two years old, and I am sure as hell not going to start doing it again!

The only time I can remember ever being this desperate, or close to it, was at my brother’s birthday party when I was ten. We’d gone to a bowling place, and I was already bursting before we even started playing the game. Unfortunately, the only bathroom available was out of order so I’d been forced to hold it for three excruciating hours, not including the drive home. I’d only just barely made it when we arrived home, but my panties had already started getting wet and if I had waited a second longer it would have been too late.

I finally spot a small corner between a locker and the wall at the end of the hallway. It’s not the ideal place to pee, but at this point I’ll take anything. I walk into the semi-secluded area and sigh with relief. Finally, I‘ll get to put an end to this agony! I crouch down and reach under my dress to grab my magenta panties. To my horror, they won’t come down. No, this can’t be happening. I tug harder and harder, growing more agitated, and when it still doesn’t work, I grab the crotch of my panties to see if I can at least push them to the side. It’s no use. It’s like they are sewn on or something.

I start to panic. What am I going to do? Any moment a waterfall is going to come gushing out of me, and unless I can find some way to melt, vaporize, or otherwise eliminate my underwear, I’m going to be in a lot of trouble. Then suddenly, I see something shiny not too far away. I squint my eyes to get a better look and soon an elated smile grows on my face as I see that it is in fact a small pair of scissors. Maybe if I can’t remove my panties, I’ll just have to cut through them.

I limp over to the area where the scissors rest, and careful not to touch any urine surrounding the metallic object, I pick up the scissors while holding myself with my other hand. I kiss them even though I know it’s probably not the best idea, but hey, I’m already ‘dead‘, what’s the worst that can happen? Smiling at the deus ex machina placed before my eyes, I open the scissors, glide one of its blades into the crotch of my panties, and press down, telling myself it will work, that it has to work. No luck. It’s like trying to cut through a rock. Furiously, I toss the scissors away out of sight, and I can only hear the soft clink when they hit the floor. Oh, why did I wear panties today? And who’s the idiot that invented underwear anyway? I’d like to throw a pair of scissors at him.

I feel another ferocious cramp attack me, and decide that maybe sitting down would be a good idea. I wriggle down so my butt sits on the hard floor, not even caring about the puddles of urine that are undoubtedly surrounding me, and stretch out my legs, burying both hands into my crotch. Now I really do feel like I’m in hell. How I wish I could hold myself inside my panties, but if I could do that then I wouldn’t need to because then I would already have taken the opportunity to relieve myself. How I wish I hadn’t been so clumsy and tripped over the stairs. I might then still be alive. I’d still be unhappy, but alive.

And how I wish I hadn’t been so cruel to Janie. I know right now that if someone were to try and prevent me from going to the bathroom -- even though I can’t -- I sure wouldn’t appreciate it. In fact, I’d be pretty damn pissed. Ooh, why did I think of that word? I look down and see a steady stream of pee flowing through my panties, leaving a dark trail on my dress, and forming a small river on the floor. Instantly, I curl my legs together and clutch my girlhood as hard as I can. I manage to stem the flow, but it won’t be long before it returns, stronger, and perhaps indomitable.

I feel tears stinging my eyes, as I realize that sooner or later -- probably sooner -- I am going to end up totally wetting myself, and there is nothing I can do about it. Holding it may be helping to stall the accident, but it’s not going to stop it. What would my parents think if they saw me like this? For a second, I actually feel glad that I’m alone and that no one can see me. Even though my parents tend to spoil me rotten, they can still be pretty strict about some things, and I know if they were to see me right now bursting to pee like a little kid, they would most certainly not approve.

I think about Janie and how I basically killed any chance she could have had at making friends, except this time I don’t feel good about what I‘ve done. How could I be so cruel? Where had that hatred come from? There have been plenty of kids desperate to pee in my class before, but I never bothered them. Did I really want Janie to have an accident because I’m a sadistic psycho who gets her kicks from watching others squirm … or was it because I’d been desperate for anything that might repel the boys’ attention from her? Of course, if it was the latter then it would have completely backfired since many boys had clearly been aroused by her puerile predicament. And what was I expecting to gain from her humiliation? What did I gain, apart from an untimely death, an eternity in a hell that an LSD fantasy couldn’t top, and a very, very full bladder? For someone that gets straight A’s in almost every subject in school, I sure can be dumb sometimes.

I sigh, and since it’s only a matter of time before the flood strikes, lift up my dress and look down at my wet panties for the first time. It’s mortifying that I‘m wetting myself like I were three years old, but even worse, it makes me feel like a lousy hypocrite for laughing at Janie’s accident when the same thing is about to happen to me. I made my own bed with this. There is no getting out of this one.

Unless …

There is a pool in the courtyard of my school. This is an exact replica of my school. What if I were to jump inside the pool and pee in there? My clothes would already be wet, so what difference would it make? A smile lights up my face, euphoric that I‘ve found a solution. The only problem is whether or not I can make it there. The courtyard is all the way on the other side of the school, at least 300 feet from here. I sit like a coward for three full minutes, afraid to move a muscle. I know that I’ll never reach the pool if I keep wasting time sitting on the floor, but I’m scared standing up might cause me to pee. No, I have to try. I have to make it -- no, I will make it!

“You figured it out, huh?” a voice says, startling me so much that another mini stream soaks my panties. I have to use every muscle in my body to once again cancel the flow. I turn around and see that it is that same girl that was in the bathroom earlier, the one wearing the cheerleader outfit.

“W-what?” My voice surprises me when I hear it. I realize that I’ve actually gone more than five minutes without talking, almost a record for me.

“Come on, I’ll walk with you,” she offers, extending a hand towards me. Standing up proves to be a very difficult task, and pain shoots through every inch of my body. But I guess that means the worst part is over, right? Maybe the walk to the pool won‘t be so excruciating now. Maybe talking with this girl might even distract me from my own distress.

“I’m Karen,” she says.

“Macy,” I say, trying not too waste too much energy by talking.

“I’ll try to make it quick, I know you have to be heading out soon.“ She clears her throat, and tries to decide where to begin. I debate whether or not to grab my crotch -- it would certainly do my bladder a favour, but I do have company now, and my dignity -- but she soon interrupts me before I make a proper decision. “You know the middle school has been around for a long time, right?”

“Since 1943,” I respond.

She nods. “Well, every decade since it’s been established, there‘s been … disappearances. We don’t know exactly what this place is or how it was formed. But we have theories.” I notice a faint glint in her blank, grey eyes. “I guess I might as well start with my story. It happened in 1986. I was a pretty popular girl in eighth grade, cheerleader and everything, as you can see. I was ‘bodacious‘ as the boys called me, had friends at my beck and call, basically I had the life every girl could only dream of. Until that day.” She pushes a strand of hair behind her ear and suddenly that fleeting glimmer of light in her eyes is gone.

“It happened on a Thursday afternoon. There was this girl in my class. I forgot her name, but it’s not important. This girl, she had … a problem. A pretty embarrassing one, actually. Do you want to know what it is?” I nod furiously, realizing that my hand has impulsively crawled to my crotch. Holding it without making a public show may have been possible under great effort before, but now that my hand is nestled in that spot, it’s not going anywhere.

“Okay, so this girl, she had a bladder condition. It was pretty bad. She would go to the washroom more than five times during the school day. Sometimes she would almost have an accident, but this never actually happened, at least not in school. So one day, I noticed her wriggling in her seat, grabbing herself constantly. It was obvious she had to pee. Well, I was in a nasty mood that day and decided, she’d had enough lucky breaks. So me and my friends -- pardon me, I should have said, me and my henchmen -- put up fake signs all over the bathrooms saying they were out of order. We had so much fun watching her plight, squirming like crazy and almost in tears. And then when my cheer team was practicing our routine after school, I saw her walking home, and to my astonishment, she had still survived an accident.

I had no idea how she’d managed to hold on for so long. But one thing was for sure, I wasn’t going to let her get away that easy. So guess what I did? I tickled her. She was trying desperately to break free. Tears were coming out of her eyes, she was begging me to cut it out, but I was having too much fun. And that’s when it happened. She pissed herself. At first I thought she’d just spilled some water from the water bottle in her backpack, but soon I saw that her shorts were growing wet and then when I saw the huge yellow puddle on the ground, that’s when I realized I had made her wet herself. Well, that day when I got home I took a shower. After that I was plugging in my hair dryer, and I forgot to dry my hands. Let’s just say I got a bit of a shock.” She chuckles, but it’s a sad chuckle. “Then I found myself trapped in here and that‘s where I‘ve been.”

Wow. So she was popular too. Just like me. It‘s astounding, and a little scary just how similar her situation was to mine. “So, you’ve been trapped here for…” I quickly do the math in my head. “Twenty-seven years?”

She shrugs. “Give or take. But time is meaningless here. So tell me what happened to you.”

I do. I tell her all about my day of mishaps -- how I watched Janie squirm all throughout first class, how I took the stall and peed just to torment her, how she wet herself in front of the whole class in gym, and how I fell down the stairs when taking her to the office. I talk pretty quickly since it‘s not exactly a tale of honour that I‘m telling, and not to mention the fact that talking about desperation isn‘t helping with coping with my own.

“Poor girl,” Karen says sympathetically. “That must have been horrible for her.”

“Yeah. I‘ve only just started to realize that. So who was that girl standing in the bathroom behind me?” I ask, remembering the fifties looking chick that was in the bathroom earlier. “The one with short hair, and the passé clothing?”

“Oh, that’s Eleanor. She was the first one to arrive. She’s been here for …” She places the tip of her finger on her lip as she counts in her head. “Sixty years? I could be wrong. But anyways, she was a nasty gossiper, all right. Always had to stick her nose in everyone’s business. Well, one day, after Eleanor caught an old rival engrossed with her beau, she spread another of her infamous rumours around the school, this time claiming that her rival wet the bed and even hid diapers inside her knapsack. She was pretty darn pleased when the whole school was talking about and ridiculing her rival who said she would never forgive her, but then only a few hours later, while she was walking home she got hit by a Chevy.”

“Ouch.”

“Oh, we’re almost there. Anything else you want to know?”

“Yeah. What about the other girl?”

“That one’s Kate. She came about forty years ago. Oh, what a troublemaker she was. She’d been held back in sixth grade three times. She never did any homework or paid attention in class, and people scolded that if she kept undervaluing her education she wouldn’t get very far in life. But she didn’t listen. Well, one night on a school camping trip, she decided to have a little fun with the old hand in water trick, but since she’d done it to her younger siblings several times already, she figured trying it on adults would be more fun.

She begged her cabin mates to aide in her prank, trying to convince them that it would be ‘far out’ and to stop being so critical, but they did not yield. Everyone warned her that the teachers would be furious and that the trail wasn’t a safe place to be at night, but she of course didn’t listen to them, and insisted that she’d just have to do it herself. So that night, while everyone was asleep, she snuck into the teachers’ cabin, only being able to carry two cups of water since nobody had assisted her. She chose two unlucky teachers, followed the famous procedure, and ran out. While she was walking back to her own cabin, she got mauled by a bear that had been wandering the trail. They found her bloodied corpse the next morning, torn to shreds.” I shudder at the gruesome image. So much for getting a good night’s sleep ever again.

“I think she was more upset that she didn’t get to see the results of her prank rather than the fact that she died,” Karen admits. “Actually, she really doesn’t seem to mind being here. She hated her parents anyway and actually enjoys the freedom here. I guess some people just never grow up.”

“This is starting to sound like an episode of The Twilight Zone,” I mutter. She laughs, showing her chipped, rotting teeth. I would laugh too if I wasn’t, you know, absolutely DYING to pee.

“And, who was that boy?” I ask. “He had a blue jacket, I think. Very polite.” I roll my eyes.

“That boy is Mike Lighthouse. He was assassinated when walking home from a high school party he’d sneaked off to in 2006.”

“That’s why he looked so familiar!” I shout with sudden realization. “My brother told me it had happened when he was in eighth grade. It was all over the news as well.” Wow, a car collision, an electrocution, a bear attack and a murder? Now my death is really starting to seem insignificant.

“Right. Anyways, his story is basically, he had a very rocky relationship with his sister. Not like a typical harmless, innocent rivalry, but they truly hated each other’s guts. They were both equally surly and ill-mannered, so their brutal tempers would frequently clash, often resulting in shouting or worse.” I think of me and my brother, and how we sometimes have minor arguments. However, I don’t think we’ve ever gone as far as to shout at each other -- well, maybe I have. “So one night, after a particularly violent fight, he was so furious that he decided to slip diuretics into her water bottle that she takes to school. You can imagine how pleased he was when his sister came home from school the next day, sobbing and with soaked jeans. Little did he know, that would be the last time he saw her.”

“He called me a skank,” I pout.

She clicks her tongue, shaking her head. “Yeah, unfortunately he’s still an asshole.”

“So, wait. All of these stories, including mine, had something to do with a not too nice person wanting to humiliate someone on their behalf, only to be killed instantly.” I stop for a second, remembering how Eleanor was peeing fully clothed, and how I was unable to take off my own underwear. “Is that the punishment we get for our own misdeeds, to have to wet ourselves forever?”

She smiles. “Exactly. Ironic, isn‘t it?”

“T-that’s … horrible,” I finally manage to say.

“Yes. I was horrified at first too, but now it‘s become so routine I barely even give it a second thought.” God. The idea that someone could get used to this monstrosity is nothing less than frightening.

“How do you know I’ll be able to return home when I walk out the doors?” I ask, trying to switch to a more comforting subject.

“There was one other kid. He was sent here probably before you were born. He was able to escape before, well, to put it bluntly, wetting himself, so we never got to know him. I guess this first … is just a test, one last chance to redeem ourselves. Unfortunately, after that you’re pretty much trapped.” Great, not only do I feel bad for Janie, but I think now even Karen has awakened some of my sympathy too.

“But there’s one thing I still don’t understand,” I say.

“What’s that?”

“Why am I wearing the dress I was wearing earlier, but not my gym clothes I had on when I fell down the stairs?”

“Well, what were you wearing when you decided to humiliate Janie?”

I think about it for a second, remembering first period when I first noticed Janie squirming in her seat. “Oh.”

She nods. “Yeah, I wasn’t wearing my cheerleading outfit when I bit the dust either, but it’s what I had when I tickled that girl.” I see the exit doors right at the end of the hallway. Karen lays a hand on my shoulder.

“Look Macy, I know I still look thirteen, but my mind has matured. And ever since I hit my ’late twenties’, there isn’t a day that goes by where I don’t regret what I did.”

“Oh, I regret what I did, don’t worry.”

She smiles. “I know. Hopefully now that you return home you‘ll be able to make up for what you did.” I sure will.

“I just feel so bad leaving you here.”

“I’ll figure something out, don’t worry about me.”

“Where there’s a will,” we both start to say, and then she laughs. Once again, I am unable to join in.

“Well, thanks Karen. If you’ll excuse me, I’ve got to go pee now.”

“Hang on,” she says. “I want you to have something.” She removes a dirty ring from her pinky and hands it to me. I can see it obviously used to be in better shape. “I just know it’ll fit right on you. As you can see, it‘s kind of outgrown me.” No kidding. Her narrow, bony fingers couldn’t fit a bead.

“Thanks,” I say, slipping it inside my dress. “I’ll save it for when I’m back. Um … I’ll see you around, maybe.”

“Sure, someday.” She waves at me and then starts walking away.

I look longingly at the open doors. Never has twelve feet seemed so far away. For some inexplicable reason, having that … interesting conversation with Karen somehow managed to pacify my enormous need, but now it’s back and stronger than ever. I can barely stand straight, let alone walk. My bladder feels as fragile as a china plate. I almost start to reassure it that I’m almost there, like I’m soothing a crying baby. I feel my heart hammering in my chest. I’ve never thought about how much effort is required to hold in urine, but this indubitably dwarfs any time I’ve felt desperate to pee in the past.

I‘m panting as I walk, tears streaming down my face. I can’t lose now, not that I’m this close. If I make it out the doors, not only will I be able to give my bladder the tremendous relief it’s been yearning for what seems like ages, but I’ll also be free. As the pain grows to the point where I can‘t bear it for one more second, I do the unthinkable. I start running. It’s no doubt this is a terrible idea to do at the moment when my bladder feels like an anvil, but I have to make it. I won’t allow myself to rot away here like those other poor people. I start feeling small drops slipping through the fabric of my panties and landing on the floor. Just a few more steps, just a few more steps …

I’m free! I inhale the crisp, clean air, like an escaped prisoner stepping out into fresh sunlight for the first time. I’m so blinded with happiness that I don’t notice my foot colliding with the aluminum threshold under the door. In a manner of seconds, I am staring down at the cold, hard ground. The joy I felt just a few seconds ago is now gone, but instead of shock, horror, or any sort of trepidation my body is just sucked into a cataplexy. I can’t feel anything at all, yet I‘m not numb. Simply, all of a sudden that monstrous pain from earlier has just disappeared. It takes me a few seconds to register that I have tripped and that there is a growing warm feeling somewhere. Suddenly all my senses snap back to me and I try to stop the flow, but it’s much too late. The explosive impact between my body and the floor has served as too perfect a catalyst for my bladder’s demise.

With one last, defeated sigh, I shut my eyes as warm pee floods into my panties and soaks through the fabric with a loud hissing sound. The powerful torrent drenches my dress, thighs and sneakers thoroughly, blasting into a ginormous puddle like I were spewing blood. I can do nothing except let tears run down my burning cheeks as I lie on the ground, wetting myself like a little kid. In the humiliating moment, I feel a wide array of emotions: I’m disgusted, as I can feel the sopping wet fabric of my dress clinging to me like a sloth, not to mention the fact that I’m practically swimming in my own pee. I’m angry at myself for tripping when I was just a few feet away from my only salvation. I’m regretful for being such a bitch earlier, and knowing that if I hadn’t caused Janie to embarrass herself in front of the class, none of this would have happened. But mostly, I’m just ashamed.

Just as the last few drops make their way into my now ruined dress, that familiar feeling of sleepiness whelms me again. My eyes slowly shut, and just like before, the whole world begins to dissolve. The only thing I can hear is a soft voice, calling from far away:

“Macy?”

*024*2013-04-04 00:22

Here it is! At last, the conclusion. This one is mostly character development, and unfortunately no wetting. But it does mention the two previous accidents.

Enjoy!

Chapter 3

… Macy? … Macy?”

My eyes slowly begin to open themselves again. I refocus my vision towards its new subject. At first, I see just a green and purple blur. Then that blur becomes a person, and I look around to see my school. My school. My old, overcrowded, clean, familiar school. I’m home! I notice that I’m now wearing my gym clothes again, and thankfully, they’re still dry.

“Oh, good, you’re okay!” Janie cries. “You had me scared me for a moment.“ Still not exactly aware of myself, I jump up and hug Janie like I’ve seen mothers on TV embrace their sons returning from war, murmuring a tearful “I’m sorry,” into her shoulder. She gasps in surprise, but doesn’t recoil. Finally, after a few awkward seconds, I take my arms away, finally snapping back to reality (although I still feel a bit shaky).

“Um, what was that for?” Janie asks. I look away hurriedly, a blush tinging my cheeks.

“Just, uh, a little overwhelmed, I guess,” I stammer, and clear my throat. What has gotten into me?

“Does it hurt? You hit your head pretty badly when you fell.” Oh, right. How could I forget about that? I do feel a faint tingling sensation in my head, but nothing excruciating. Not nearly as painful as when my bladder nearly murdered itself earlier.

“Well, a little bit, but it‘s fine.” I clear my throat. “How long was I, um, out for?”

“About thirty seconds,” she replies. “I couldn’t tell if you were breathing or not, so I turned you over on your back. That’s when you started waking up.” Thirty seconds? It sure felt longer than that. Then, still in a post-traumatized state, I say,

“I… I think I had a near-death experience.” More like a near-death expeerience.

Her eyes widen. “Really? Wow, I’d heard of those, but I always thought they were just tall tales! So what was heaven like? I’ve always wondered.”

Oh Janie, still naïve as usual. “Oh, um, I- I don’t remember anything now,” I lie, looking away.

“Oh,” Janie says, clearly disappointed.

As we walk to the office, I can‘t stop thinking about the promise I made to myself earlier, that I would make up for what I had done. But how? I can‘t just reverse time and stop her from wetting her skirt and panties in front of our class, and I certainly can‘t tell her I’m sorry for causing the whole fiasco. Who would forgive someone for that?

We finally reach the office doors; I hesitate once my hand is on the knob, remembering the office’s emergency clothing prepared for this situation is usually an ugly pair of sweatpants or overalls which wouldn’t flatter the most sensual figure. Normally I’d be more than pleased for something that wouldn‘t compliment Janie‘s supposedly scrumptious figure, but now I think it might be a bit unfair considering all she’s been through today.

“Wait, I’ve got a better idea” I say, grabbing her arm, leading her back towards the stairs.

“W-where are we going?” Janie cries. I smile mischievously. We walk until we’re standing in front of the stairwell. Before we begin the climb up the stairs, I tie my shoelace.

* * *

“Give me your bobby pin,” I say to Janie, extending a hand out while we’re standing in front of the change room doors. She hesitantly reaches under her purple ribbon and removes a black hair clip, placing it in the palm of my hand. I examine the clip, stroking my thumb across its wavy surface a couple of times.

“Perfect.” Janie doesn’t say anything. I slide the bobby pin carefully into the keyhole of the door and perform a series of twists, turns, and winds just like in movies. Before you can say abracadabra, the door swings open. I clap my hands.

“Let’s go,” I say, walking in the change room. Janie follows me in tentatively. I lock the door behind us, then walk over to the bench where I’d laid my bag earlier. I reach into the bag and pick out my red dress, which has thankfully been restored and looks as good as new now. I smooth out a few wrinkles and hold it out in front of Janie.

“Here,” I say. “Wear this.” Her eyes widen.

“But … that’s yours.”

“Well, duh,” I smile. “But I think you need it more than I do. And trust me, you do not want to wear those rags they give at the office. Go ahead. Take it, I don’t mind.” I place the dress in her hands. She doesn’t meet my gaze.

“So … you’re just going to wear your gym strip for the rest of the day?”

“Hey, it can’t be worse than walking around in wet clothes, right?” I laugh, gesturing to her apparel. She blushes.

“I guess you’re right,” she finally says, and then her voice lowers. “I … I don’t know how to thank-”

“Don’t worry about it. That’s what friends are for, right?” She finally meets my eyes, a smile curling on her soft lips.

“Um … right,” she says. Then she frowns, touching something inside the fabric of the dress. “What’s this?” she asks, taking out the ancient ring which is in much better condition than it was before.

“Oh, Karen gave that to me,” I respond calmly.

She looks confused. “Who?”

Crap. “Uh, n-no one!” I stammer, snatching the ring and pushing her towards the stall. “Uh, you should go change now. We don‘t want to keep the class waiting for too long.“

“Oh, right.“ She goes inside to put on the dress. I sit down at the nearest bench while I’m waiting for her to change, suddenly feeling a little nervous. I tell myself there is nothing to worry about. Sure, that dress is meant to be revealing, maybe a little too revealing for my age, but like I said, my parents have always spoiled me and they‘d buy me a zoo if I asked them to. To distract myself, I take the ring and slide it onto the base of my pinkie. It fits perfectly, just like Karen said it would. I miss Karen. I hope she’ll be okay.

Finally, Janie comes back out, and for a second I wonder if this is really the same Janie that was standing here a minute ago. Gone is her modest, girl next door image, and now she really looks like a Hollywood movie star. Her slim shoulders are now exposed, as well as her curvy hips, and partly revealed is her creamy chest which is not at all flat. Even my best dress looks better on her. While she isn’t drop-dead gorgeous, I can definitely see why some boys in my class swoon over Janie, as she indeed does have a body. Strangely, I’m not jealous of it like I always feared I would be.

“So how does it look?” Janie asks nervously.

“You look great,” I say. “The dress really suits you.”

“Really? I feel a little … unwrapped.”

“Trust me, it looks amazing. Better than it does on me.”

“Well, okay, if you say so.”

I narrow my eyes, concentrating on her entire figure. “Hmmm, maybe you should change your hair,” I say. I untie the ribbon from her hair and let her dark locks fall all over her shoulders, tousling them a bit. “There, now it’s perfect.” I grab her shoulders and twirl her so she’s facing the mirror. “Now, you look me in the eyes and tell me that is not the quintessence of beauty.” She looks at her reflection, eyes widening in surprise. However, I can see that she is secretly pleased with her new look. Finally, she turns to me, smiling, which makes her look even more beautiful. “Thanks, Macy.”

I shrug modestly. “Hey, I just work with what I got.”

Suddenly, her smile fades, and Janie does something I wouldn’t expect in a million years. She lifts up her dress to reveal her cloud white panties that are now soaked to the point of being almost see through and says in a quiet, embarrassed voice,

“Um… I don’t suppose you have an extra pair of panties I can borrow?” She laughs timidly. My face turns white for a second, unable to comprehend that she just … exposed herself to me like that. JANIE, one of the shyest people I have ever met, just exposed herself to ME. She never so much as changes in front of the other girls. But I guess that’s one good thing about peeing yourself -- that smaller things like this become less embarrassing by comparison.

I shake my head. “Sorry.” She sighs. “But why do you need your panties? Just take them off. No one will know.” She blushes, darting her eyes swiftly away from me.

“I- I can’t.”

“Why not? It’s no big deal.” She doesn’t answer, but continues to look the opposite way, biting her lip. Finally, after a few seconds, I snap my fingers.

“Come on,” I say, grabbing her arm and leading her towards the sink. I gesture to the faucet. “Ta-da!”

She looks confused for a second, then understands.

“You mean…”

“Yep!” I say. “Wash them. Here. In the sink.”

She lights up. “Why didn’t I think of that?” She starts to lift up the dress to remove her sodden underwear, but suddenly stops, reddening again.

“What’s wrong?” I ask. She lets go of the dress.

“N-nothing! It’s just, that, um … would you mind, um …” I instantly catch on.

“Oh yeah, sure, no problem.” I turn away to give Janie some privacy; she thanks me quietly. Though she did just display her cute little panties at me, revealing more than that would make even me uncomfortable, so I guess I shouldn’t be surprised that it’s too much for her. I wait until she says it’s okay, then turn back around.

She places her panties inside the basin and turns on the tap. I see her blush a little as soon as the jet of cold water comes pouring down; maybe it reminded her of her accident? As soon as the panties are rinsed out, she holds them under the hand drier for a few minutes. They don’t get completely dry, but at least they’re a lot cleaner now. Then, while we’re at it, I help wash one of her shoes while she washes the other, then we dry them off with paper towels.

“That’s better,” she says, once her freshly washed garments are back on.

I smile. “Ready to go?” She nods. I unlock the door, and before I’m about to walk out, Janie says something that catches me completely off guard: “You know, you’re the nicest person I’ve ever met, Macy.”

I want to laugh. Me? Nice? Hardly so. Didn’t I just go to hell less than half an hour ago? Well, a weird version of hell, but that’s beside the point. I can’t remember ever being nice before, except for when it benefited me. But still, hearing her say that to me is, well, kind of touching.

“Oh, gosh… thank you,” I say, humbled by the compliment.

We step out into the hall and begin walking back to the gym. I notice Janie looking tense again, and I’m pretty sure I see tears forming in her eyes.

“Janie … is everything okay?” She bites her lip and doesn’t look at me.

“I can’t go back there, Macy,” she finally answers after a few seconds. I stop walking and so does she, and turn so I’m looking at her directly.

“Why not?” I ask, shocked.

“Macy, everybody in our class just saw me wet myself. How am I supposed to show my face after what just happened?” Oh, right, I should have thought about that. I don’t mention the fact that I technically wet myself too, because first of all, that happened during my … whatever that was, and I already lied to her about not remembering anything. Besides, all evidence of my accident is completely dissolved and no one knows about it except me. I know that Janie would love nothing more than for everyone to forget what happened, but unfortunately, no one in the class has amnesia, so it’ll be a while before that happens. Not even Mrs. Hughes is senile enough to forget! I do feel bad for her, though.

“It’ll be fine, Janie,” I reassure. “You have me. Besides, it’s not like you’re the first person to have an accident in our class. Remember how Tricia wet herself in March during that science test? Or when Jordan peed his pants when we played softball with Mr. Orson’s class? You should be grateful yours only happened in front of our class! And who knows? Maybe they won’t say anything.”

“That’s even worse,” Janie whimpers. “It’ll be like a big, fat elephant in the room. I just …” Her eyes brim with tears, and she turns away. “I-I just d-don’t w-want people to say n-nasty stuff about me …” Oh, Janie.

“I promise they won’t say anything bad,” I say gently, placing a hand on her shoulder. “I’ll make sure they don’t,” I add, lowering my voice. She turns back towards me, and fortunately seems to have calmed down a little bit, though there is still sadness in her smile. We continue our walk.

“You’re so confident, Macy … I wish I was like that.” I sigh. I had a feeling she might say that.

“It has it ups and downs,” I say slowly.

“What do you mean?” she asks, obviously more intrigued about the downs.

“Well, for starters, I’ve had a lot of people call me arrogant, cocky, hotshot, condescending, passive-aggressive, too smart for my own good, slut, self-righteous, you name it.” I scowl. Listing off all of these enemy words makes me feel like running someone over with a truck.

“I don’t think you’re any of those.”

“Of course you don’t,” I mutter, irritated. As soon as I see that hurt look on her face again I know I’ve said the wrong thing. Crap. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to say that. It’s just… I’m not as confident as you think, okay?”

She raises her slender eyebrows a bit. “Oh? Why is that?”

“Well, have you noticed how much makeup I wear?”

“What’s so bad about that? Lots of girls wear makeup.”

“No, you don’t understand. I wear makeup as a security blanket. It’s the same reason I stuff my bra all the time, and why I always try to find something enticing to wear. I just feel like, if I don’t go out of my way to look my best … people aren’t going to notice me. I mean, I know I’m not ugly, my looks are okay, but that’s it. That’s all they are -- just okay. I guess I was a little bit jealous of the fact that you got so much more attention from guys than me and you weren’t even trying. It was so ironic I wanted to scream.” I exhale, a little shocked that I’ve expelled all of this information to Janie, of all people. Someone who I’d never give a second glance to on one of my better days. Janie looks equally as shocked, and remains silent for a while, like she’s taking it all in. But I suppose it all had to come out eventually.

“Wow. So have you told anybody else about this?”

I look at her with wide eyes. “Are you kidding? Do you have any idea how quick they’d be to label me as a loser? My whole reputation would plummet like I did down the stairs.” I shake my head in disgust. “Being popular is so overrated. I just hate it sometimes.”

“If you hate it then why do you still hang out with the popular kids?” I wish she hadn’t asked me that. To be honest I sometimes wonder the same thing.

“I don’t know, Janie. I guess it’s kind of like a comfort zone for me. To know people look up to me, and treat me with such a high level of respect. It’s kind of invigorating. Isn’t that why you’re always solitary and reserved? Because it’s your comfort zone?”

“Hmm … sometimes, but I still wouldn’t mind having a few close friends,” Janie admits.

“Well, having me as a friend is a good start, don’t you think?”

She grins. “Sure. And um, if you want to know the truth, I always thought you were too smart for those cliques. No offence.”

We cut the corner towards the next hallway leading to the gym, and I start to wonder if Janie’s right. Have I been hanging out with the right people? Just in the short period of time I’ve spent with this girl, I feel like me and Janie have already got to know each other a lot more than I’ve gotten to know my so-called ‘friends’ over the last few years. Funny how sneaky these revelations can be.

After a brief silence, Janie says,

“Um, thanks again for lending me your dress. It really means a lot to me. I’ll give it back to you first thing on Monday, or if you want you can give me your address and I’ll bring it to your house during the weekend. Is that okay?”

“You can keep it,” I say. It really does look better on her. Besides, it’s not like I’ll be able to wear it again anyways from all the unpleasant memories it would bring every time I look at it.

Her face lights up. “Really? Oh my gosh, thank you!” She gives me a small hug, which doesn’t really surprise me. Janie has certainly been … open today.

“Maybe today is my lucky day after all,” Janie says.

I feel a smile crawling on my lips. I did just do a nice thing for someone, didn’t I? No one was forcing me to do it. It didn’t benefit me in any way. But I did it nonetheless, and it felt pretty good! Maybe I should spend less time focusing on my appearance and more time trying to make others happy. The latter is ultimately more rewarding.

We finally reach the twin doors of the gymnasium, and Janie and I turn so we’re facing each other.

“Well, here we go,” I say. Janie takes a deep breath, but I can see that she is less nervous about facing our class than she was earlier. I open one of the doors, and although you can’t see it on my face, I am smiling inside.

I guess opposites really do attract.
