An old friend calls in...

Author: Guest merlin

*000*2014-02-28 13:49

Chapter One of, hopefully, several. The next one is roughed out...

I was writing about four emails and avoiding making any of half a dozen phone calls, staring out the window and contemplating whether another cup of coffee would be a bad idea. Working from home has its advantages, but the potential for distraction sometimes outweighs the convenience.

My phone vibrated on the desk.

CAT: Are you home?

I replied.

“Yeah...”

Another message.

“Can I come round in a minute?”

I tapped out a second one-word reply.

“Sure!”

As the prospect of achieving anything for the rest of the day evaporated in front of my eyes, I tried to make some sense of what had just happened. I’d given Catherine my address when she got a job in Leeds; she was commuting from York, her erstwhile university town, and thought she might have use for a friend with a place not far from where she worked. I’d imagined she might drop in at some point, perhaps after missing a train; it had been a bitterly cold winter and the snow tended to render the railways useless at least a couple of days each January. Still, it was a pleasant enough day today, I thought, and it was only half past five. Perhaps she was just feeling friendly? I was still racking my brains for any reason that Cat might randomly turn up on my doorstep when the doorbell buzzed. I went to the door, pausing on the stairs for a moment so as not to seem like I’d been waiting too attentively.

“Hey, good to see you, what brings you to... hey, what’s wrong?”

“Ca...can I c...come in?”

“Come on,” I said, trying to stay calm and not show how freaked out I was rapidly becoming. She moved past me and I closed the door behind her. She looked like she was about to cry. Red around the eyes, tense, anxious, looking at her feet. She opened her coat and I looked down. Her grey work trousers were soaked between her legs.

I hugged her lithe frame to me even as she pulled away, trying to keep her wet legs away from mine.

“No, don’t you’ll get wet!”

“Hey, hey, it’s alright, “ I said. She sobbed on my shoulder.

“I’m sorry. I thought I’d make it. I didn’t know where else to go.”

“Don’t be. I was hoping you might call in!”

“Not like this though...”

“Well, perhaps not. I... um... ok. Talk first, or shower first?”

“Definitely shower first,” she replied, still tearful, sniffing.

“OK,” I said, “follow me.” I hopped up the stairs, opening the bathroom door and clicking the light on. “Clean towel here, you get yourself cleaned up and I’ll see if I can find you something to put on.”

I hesitated, then spoke up.

“Cat? Can you pass me your wet things? I’ll stick them in the washing machine now...”

A pause, as if she were considering this request, then the door opened and she stretched a hand out around the door. She’d wrapped her knickers and socks in the trousers, rolling them up so the dry bits covered the wet.

“Got them,” I said, and and she let go. Just push the button and turn the dial to the right if its not hot enough. There should be plenty of water...”

I listened, and the sound of running water began.

It started innocently enough; I checked the laundry instructions on the trousers. This meant touching the wet parts, and soon enough my inhibitions slipped away. I placed them to my nose and sniffed, revelling despite myself in the scent of this beautiful girl’s wee on the cotton of her underwear. I considered for just a moment, then pure lust overcame my reservations. I unbuckled my belt and freed my straining erection. Taking it in my right hand, I held the wee-stained knickers in my left, examining where her quim had been only moments ago. A couple of moments later and I added my juices to hers and spurted into the soft fabric. Suppressing a wave of guilt at such a violation of my friend, I tossed them, her trousers and socks into the machine and set it to a 40 degree quick wash.

She emerged, towel tucked neatly over her tiny breasts. She looked clean, new, free of makeup, curls subdued by damp and tucked behind her ears.

“Better?”

She nodded, lips pursed.

“I don’t know what to do, I haven’t got anything that’s Cat-sized really, but you’d better put something on...”

I dug out some shorts and a white t-shirt, closed the bedroom door behind me. Some minutes later, she emerged.

I poured two large glasses of a supermarket Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc and passed one to Cat.

“Thanks,” she said, flashing her smile at me for the first time.

“Come on then, tell me what happened.”

“No!”

“Oh come on Cat, you can’t turn up on my doorstep like this and not tell me why...”

She sighed, took a deep breath and began.

“It’s my new boss, he’s really strict. I couldn’t believe it, he’s like something out of a Dickens novel.”

“Aww, you were so excited about this job!” True enough, she had regaled me with tales of the interview, the water cooler, the friendly staff.

“He counts our breaks! He actually keeps a chart!” she said, incredulous.

“That’s not on. There must be rules about that sort of thing...”

“I’ve always had a small bladder, but it’s never been a problem before. I make up for it, god knows I work harder than anyone else in that place, but every time I get up he stares at me.”

“Oh God, that’s not on. Can’t you do something? What about the others?”

“We’re all terrified, but I’m worse than anyone else. Being scared only makes me want to wee more, and then I worry about what might happen if I wet myself in the office...”

“So how did it happen?”

“Most afternoons I've rushed to the station and hung on til my train arrived, or else nipped into a coffee shop or something. Today I must have misjudged it. I got to the station and I just knew I wasn’t going to make it.”

“What did you do?”

“Ducked down behind a skip, hoping nobody came walking down the hill and just tried not to get my boots wet.”

“Oh Cat, I’m sorry. Did anyone see you?”

“No, thank god. I buttoned my coat up and walked fast. I didn’t know where to go, then I remembered your new place isn’t far from the office. I wasn’t really thinking. I’m not thinking much really, it’s helping subdue the trauma...”

“It’s ok, nobody saw you, you’re dry now.”

“Yeah, I spose. God, it’s so weird though, I haven’t wet myself in ages.”

“Stay for dinner and I’ll walk you to the station later. I’ve put your things in on a short wash, they might even be dry by the time we’ve finished eating. How does that sound?”

“Better than walking there on my own with no knickers on?” she ventured.

“I thought so. I’ll make something to eat.”

I busied myself with cooking while Cat channel-hopped, flitting from living room to kitchen occasionally to see if she could help.

We ate off our laps, sat on the sofa, and I draped her stuff over the radiator to dry.

“You can always come to me if you need a place to...”

“Wet myself?”

“Haha! Any time!”

“Thanks, you’re so sweet,” she said and kissed me on the cheek before disappearing into the crowd.

