A servine and a stop "Pokemon - Rosa"

Author: dodedrea

*000*2013-01-29 20:18

Chapter 1

It had been a few solid months since her hometown Aspertia City had seen her face. She had fervidly packed her things and set off for the inviting world around her. Rosa had always had an insatiable curiousity that caused her to long for leaving her lifelong hometown. The excited pokemon trainer’s crystal eyes peer down at the faithful grass pokemon beside. The sleepy Servine wanted to give a hearty yawn, but instead feigned a peppy noise for his trainer. Rosa takes an animted spin in a circle and tilts her head up to look up at the open blue skies, only dotted by isolated dashes of clouds. The fields were so much more of a spectacle than she could have imagined. With an eager look on her face, Rosa takes a a seat on a nearby log and grabs a deep breath, drawing in some of the salty breeze from Undella Bay.

Kal, her Servine, stumbles besides her and flops down on the long soft grass patch beside her. The grass pokemon glances up at his trainer with a look longing to rest for a little. It had been a more difficult morning on the duo, taking on a few trainers and getting in a hefty amount of travel. The soft orange eyes brought Rosa to realize just how much she had been pushing him today. The young girl scans the area and sees a few trainers in the distance and a wild pokemon here or there, but all of them minding their own.

“Okay Kal, I need to go take care of some business in the woods, you um, you guard my bag. I won’t be lo-” Before she could even finish speaking, the grass snake had been letting out a soft snore. Rosa strolls on over to her beloved companion and gives hima gentle pet on the head, then sets her bag down beside the log.

Her blue eyes spot the small wooded area that was a few minute walk from where she was now. She wasn’t sure, but for some reason it made her more secure to relieve herself in a sheltered wooded area instead of the open field even if no one could possibly see her from that distance. Rosa could feel her bladder snuggly pressing on the front of her yellow skirt. It was definitely a good idea to stop now, she wouldn’t be able to make it until the next pokemon center. Rosa adjusts her skirt to make the stroll a little more comfortable and rests one of her hands on her stomach. The young girl had become well-accustomed to holding for long periods of time, as the routes in between town were rather lengthy and stopping every few hours would only make it more tedious.

The anxious pokemon trainer paces herself to the woods, spotting a pidgey in the sky flapping alongside its pidgeotto mother. If she was taking the walk, she might as well use the time to enjoy the beautiful scenery. The sight brings a warm generous smile to her face and helps distract from her need. The halfway point was a morale booster for the petite girl, she knew she could make it there in time, it was just uncomfortable. Nervously, sweat begins to bead on her forehead as she feels the long grass tickle her legs, doing anything but helping her situation. Rosa’s black tights itch with the tingling sensation, but she ignores it as she finally arrives at the base of the forest.

“Ugh, Lemonade is great for training, just not while on the road.”, she says out loud to no one in particular. Rosa had a knack for talking quietly to herself, and this was no exception.

The woods were surprisingly empty, even of pokemon, but that was only assuring to the desperate trainer. Rosa sets off into the forest and after the field gets obscured by a few tree limbs, has her hand travel downwards to hold herself. Her hands tremble from holding it all and press lightly to keep it all in. The young trainer spies a thick tree ahead to hide behind and does a desperate dash to get near it.

Rosa arrives at the healthy tree and leans her back up against it, only to slowly lower herself and squat. The moment of relief is almost nigh and she can feel her muscles weakening as she starts to shift her tights down. She can feel her pee begging for freedom and makes a swift action to lower her panties, only to be halted by a strong 'snap' noise. It was the distinct snap of a tree branch, but what could have possibly done it. In a panicked fury, Rosa brings her tights and panties back up and presses her back against the thick tree. The young trainer looks around the area with a cautious silence to see what could of made the noise.

The woods were just as empty as she had remembered them being. Being frightened didn't make her situation any easier, to stem the tide, both of her hands were roughly pressing her skirt into herself. From relaxing against the tree earlier, she could feel the teasing warmth of release as a few drops had already escaped. From her right side, a deep blue metallic figure reared itself. A towering bronzong towered over her, its arms extended in both directions.

Chapter 1 End

*001*2013-01-29 21:00

Chapter 2

A stark cold tingling sensation comes crawling up from below, making the terrified girl peer downwards. Much to her dismay, a long metal bar was inching like a worm towards her and began to coil itself around her leg. She could feel the cool, but harsh touch of steel, which sends abrupt shivers down her spine. The metal appears like a sturdy blue steel, but when it moved it more resembled water. Rosa opens her mouth to let out a horrified scream, but is stifled as soon as she spots another metal bar already locking her leg to an exposed tree root behind her. She flicks her right leg back and forth, trying to free her other leg and remove the coiled bar, but neither victory comes. A pulsing senation eminates from her bladder, warning her of its urgency, which only sends Rosa into more a frenzy.

The young trainer struggles against her locked leg, but cannot break free as the Bronzong slowly draws nearer. More of the metal worm-like bars make their way off of the arms of the steel pokemon, slithering their way towards their prisoner. The panicked girl lets out a short groan, feeling a short burst of warmth come from below. Rosa kept her crystal eyes locked on the bell-pokemon before her, but felt the black opaque tights absorb some of the leak.

Rosa opens her mouth to let out a harsh scream, but was only answered with the soft winds of plains coming through the leaves in the trees. The metal bars were coiling more and more around her body, the pressure and cold senation never leaving her. Another bar came to bind her other leg to a root, while another bound her wrist to an offshoot branch. The only limb she had control over was her right arm. Rosa tightly clenches her fist and begins to try and bat off the coiled bars to free herself, with no avail. From all of the bars, the young girl felt freezing and vunerable, unable to free herself from the Bronzong’s prison. Another burst of urine spilled forth from her, trickling its way down her black tights. After mustering some strength, she stopped herself from losing it then and there.

“WHAT DO YOU WANT?! I have berries, food, whate-“

A solitary metal bar made its way up her chest and coiled loosely around her neck. She felt her body tense up and on the verge of passing out from the exerting all of her strength to escape.

In a pained gasp, Rosa feels the battle be forfeited. A slow trickle quickly turns into a full force stream, the bindings preventing the girl from moving at all. The bound trainer feels her panties quickly saturate and trails of urine weave their way down her legs. The yellow skirt, pressed firmly against her womanhood from one of the bars, turns shades darker as the seemingly ceaseless flow continues.

Rosa pants heavily as her body forcefully empties itself with the warmth of her pee counteracting the stunning chill of the metal on her skin. She stands there, bound, while some of the liquid finds its way into her shoes. The stream slows to a trickle as Rosa feels her empty bladder finish voiding itself. The warm wetness dominated the lower portion of her body and even the dirt below her was drenched. The slight scent of her accident finally made its way to her nose.

And suddenly she heard the best noise she could ever hear in her life.

“VINE, SER-VINE.”

Chapter 2 End

*002*2013-02-06 04:12

Chapter 3

The stark thrashing sound of a vine whip was a fanfare of good fortune for the poor girl. In a tense voice, Rosa pushed for a meek, “T-thank you.”

A violent lashing noise fills the air and once again the young trainer’s heart is filled with hope. There is another abrupt silence, cancelled out once again by her trusting grass starter and harsh snapping sound.

A stray trail of pee snaked its way down her legs, getting absorbed in her black tights. The warmth still lingered and the cold sting of the metal bars slowly melted away. Kal charged forward, forcing the metal menance backwards. The Bronzong eases back further, the Servine mercilessly driving onwards, bumping the metal pokemon into a tree. On contact it begins to shift to change form. At that instant, Rosa feels the metal bars coiled around her fade into nothing, even their cold did not linger. Just as the metal disappeared, so did her strength. With no support from the bars, the young pokemon trainer falls towards the ground, making contact with the now wet dirt below her. She soon became reacquianted the smell and humilitation of her accident and her now fear for her Servine.

All she can do is watch as her Servine fights to defend her, her muscles ached. In a majestic blow, Kal sent dagger-like leaves in a dance towards their target, pinning it against a tree. In a sharp shatter sound, the Bronzong slowly melded away, only to reveal a grinning Reuniclus. Even when trapped, it only let out a cruel laugh. Kal readied another razor leaf, but as it made contact to the gel, it seemingly faded into the trunk.

There was a long silence, only graced with the leaves in the trees and a taillow chirping here or there. The faithful servine makes his way to his trainer and lowers his head, to which Rosa gladly pets him. She was still in such a haze, it had all happened so fast.

“W-what?”, was all the soaked girl could muster.

All she could muster until it clicked, the Bronzong had never been there, it was an illusion. The metal bars had all been a mind trick. She had just stood there and wet herself, without being bound at all because of that evil thing. The exhausted pokemon trainer slowly sits up and brings herself to her two feet and surveys the damage. Her skirt showed dark stains, but on a sunny day like this, it would barely be obvious. Luckily enough, her black tights showed no signs of anything except for dirt from sitting down.

“Guard for me, Kal.”

Rosa peers around for a quick moment before slipping her tights and panties down around her legs and steps out of them. The day’s cool air quickly makes contact with her wet legs, sending chills up her body. The blue-eyed girl blushes a deep crimson and flattens her skirt down as low as she can, concealing her womanhood from the world. She starts to walk, but stops suddenly, feeling a full squish from her shoes. Rosa takes off her shoes and drenched socks and motions to Servine to follow behind her.

“You’re amazing, you know that? Just make sure this stays our little secret.” She leans in and gives the grass pokemon a soft kiss on the nose.

“How about that nap? I think that field sounds pretty good right about now.”

Chapter 3 End

*003*2013-02-10 07:58

(A quick drawing to go along with the story, I was considering doing a short mini-comic for it. Or possibly if I came up with another idea. Any potential ideas, PM me! Of course I'll give credit.)

