Fictional story

Author: Sidney

*000*2011-05-21 06:24

It was fourth period, two classes away from the end of school, and Megan sat fidgeting about with her legs in her chair. She was sort of tall, brown hair, and a plain but very attractive face. Her friend Anna sat next to her. She was shorter, had blonde hair and cute little round glasses with black rims. It was Anna that leaned over to her friend.

"What's wrong?" she asked.

"I have to pee really bad," said Megan, with a strain in her uniquely high pitched chipmunk-sounding voice.

She was obviously bursting, and likely had been for most of the day. Anna immediately felt aroused as soon as those words left her friend's mouth. No one knew, but she was secretly attracted to people (male or female) really having to pee, and now was her chance to make the most of her kinky little fetish.

"Oh really?" Anna replied, "Oh yeah I know what you mean, me too."

She waited a little bit so as not to seem to anxious, then:

"Hey, I know! You wanna come ride home with me on the bus and have a hold-it contest?"

Megan, being desperate as she was, winced noticably at the idea.

"Oh, I don't know..." she started to refute.

"Come on, it'll be fun! And if you do, I have that new movie Inception on dvd. I know some people and got it early. We can watch that while we play. Plus, my parents are out of town, so they won't know."

Anna new that Megan had been dying to see that movie and never got to, so it was a sealed deal from there.

"Okay, fine, I'll do it," she said reluctantly.

All the way home on the bus ride the two girls playfully made swishing sounds and reminded each other of water. Anna was unbelievably aroused at this point, and didn't know how long she could keep from touching herself, let alone keep from wetting herself too. Once they got home Anna popped in the movie. But before they sat down on the couch Anna made them both drink two bottles of water for more of a challenge, which Megan whined at pitifully but did so anyway.

While they watched the movie Anna kept hold and grabbed her crotch through her tight faded jeans through most of the movie, while Megan, modestly embarrased, only crossed her legs so as not to show anything from under her short knee-length purple dress, even though she was clearly more desperate. Megan suddenly pulled forward, and grabbed her crotch despite any previously existing modesty.

"Ohhhh... I have to pee so bad!" she almost whispered now.

"Okay," Anna said, " you can go now."

Megan gasped with relief and dashed for the bathroom.

"But after one last challenge," finished Anna.

Megan stopped mid-stride in the living room and whimpered with pain.

"What is it?" What?" she asked. She was now cutely dancing, bouncing up and down and holding herself urgently. Anna stated the challenge.

"You have to pee for two seconds into a cup and then stop for five more minutes."

"Oh god..." Megan whispered.

Megan went first. She lifted her dress, pulled her panties down and peed for exactly two seconds into the cup. Her facial expression showed immense relief, and when Anna called for her to stop she immediately pulled her panties back up and handed the cup to Anna. She cried out in pain as she did this.

Anna pulled her jeans and panties down and did the same. It was the best two seconds of her entire life. God, she was desperate. But alas, she forced herself to stop and poured the cup down the drain. Now was the task of holding it for just five minutes more.

As they stood their pee pee dancing for their lives, Anna leaned over to Megan.

"Look at my jeans," she said, smiling.

Anna had given in and started to wet herself. A large wetspot formed at her crotch and quickly spread, soaking her jeans entirely. You could hear the hissing sound as her pee rushed up against the indside of her pants. An enormous puddle formed on the floor. This was too much for Megan.

"Noooo!!!!" she cried.

Pee started hissing and squirting from under her purple dress and continued to cascade down her smooth white legs as she clenched them, still trying to hold it in, but finally gave in and stood upright letting the rest of the pee pour out freely. When they were both done, Megan removed her dress and to show her white tank top undershirt underneath, and Anna removed her sopping wet jeans and they both sat down to view the rest of the movie. They both decided to leave their wet panties on.

