Warcraft Omorashi Story

Author: Earth Shock

*000*2015-01-26 21:36

Sorry, couldn't think of anything better for a name : / This story started as an RP I did with someone actually on the game, but one day they stopped all RP and were done with it, so I modified it slightly and continued writing the story. I'm not the best writer out there, but hopefully it will entertain. This is the first time I ever made a fanfic public so I am feeling awkward. Also this chapter is meant to establish characters, so there is not much omo in it, the fun stuff starts next chapter (Sorry).

The following story contains...

A story that doesn't revolve around only wetting (Still a huge part though)

Yuri/Lesbians (Mild, no hardcore sex scenes, but hugging, kissing, etc.)

Almost exclusively diaper wetting (Though there is plenty of wet pants via leaks).

Demonic Corruption (My partner was in to it, and it became a major part).

No messing or even a mention of it (Sorry for those in to it).

If you are cool with that, then you may like it!

Warcraft terms will be at the bottom for those who are not familiar.

###

Prologue

Our story begins with a Night Elf woman who calls herself Laura. Laura was tall by human standards, although she was merely average height for a Night Elf, her skin was a mild shade of purple, and she had long green hair. Laura was a warrior at heart, when she reached adulthood she joined the Sentinels, but it wasn't enough for her, she longed for action, something that didn't happen too often merely guarding things in the woods. That changed when the Third War found it's way to her peoples' home. Laura fought in and survived the war and finally got the experience she wanted. After the war things died down considerably, something she was not fond of, she didn't want to return to guardian and protecting the same place all the time, but she had to... for now.

Several years later Laura was discharged from the Sentinels for failing to perform her job adequetly, while it was a little sad, she was excited that she would finally be able to persue her dreams as a warrior. Her people had joined the Alliance, something very contraversial for the Night Elf people, but Laura didn't mind as it opened up new possibilities. While many Night Elves stayed to themselves, some had gone to the Eastern Kingdoms, home of the Alliance, and started working there, she figured that would be a good idea for herself. She went to the town of Auberdine, a Night Elf port which was open to Alliance ships which came occasionally. She waited for the first ship she could and borded it to start her adventure in to, what was for her, the unknown.

Chapter 1

Laura had taken a boat from the Night Elf town of Auberdine to Menithil Harbor in the Wetlands of the Eastern Kingdoms. Menethil Harbor was a decent size Alliance port, and saw a lot of people coming and going daily. Laura arrived at the town and survayed the town and said to herself "So busy... the towns back home aren't like this." before proceeding to search for a place she might find info about this new world. Laura casually looked around when she heard shouting and banging, it was obvious a fight had broken out. Laura became a little excited, she had been here only twenty or so minutes and there was already some action. Laura ran to a tavern, which is where the sound was coming from, to find two men in a bar fight over who knows what.

One of the men was average size for a human with short brown hair, the other had slightly long black hair and was slightly larger. "Looks like fun!" Laura thought to herself before she proceeded to walk up to the fight to get a closer look. Eventually the brown haired man, despite his smaller size, managed to beat the black haired man to unconciousness. Laura looked intensely at the man who turned around and noticed. "Got a problem Elf bitch?" he asked. Laura, not easily offended responded "Not at all, I was just thinking about how much of a challenge you might be." The man got an annoyed look "Are you challenging me?" Laura said "Sure why not?" in response.

The man responded "I don't hit women, plus you couldn't beat me anyway." Laura now disappointed responded "So you don't hit women, yet you are perfectly fine with calling me a bitch?" The man now annoyed suddenly spinned around and punched Laura in the face while saying "I guess I can make an exception for your kind!". Laura wasn't very phased by it and jumped back up and and punched him back. The man said "Alright let's do this!... But you need to take your armor off, it's no fair!" Laura smiled a wicked smile and said "I suppose you are right" as she began taking her armor off. Laura didn't wear much under her armor as she rarely took it off, just a very small top and small shorts, here belly, legs, arms, hands, and feet completely exposed. The man grinned before throwing another punch. Laura blocked his punch with her had and began twisting his hand.

"AAAAAAAH!!!" the man yelled.

Laura felt the man kick her lower leg, which while it didn't hurt too much, caused her to flinch giving him a chance to get his hand free.Now infuriated, the man lept on her knocking her down. Laura easily grabbed him with her legs and flipped him over her reversing their posistion. Laura spoke up "I could beat you pretty hard now?.. but perhaps you don't want that?" The man now a little scared replied "All right! You win!" in a embarresed voice. Laura let him go and the people in the tavern laughed at both of them, she figured the resident tough guy losing to a woman was probably his reason, but why her?" Laura noticed that people were pointing at her lower region and noticed her shorts were wet. She looked back up at the crowd and responded "Well this will be an interesting story to tell hmm?" as she gathered her things and stepped outside.

Despite not being too embarresed, Laura was quite annoyed with herself "ARG why? Really?" she said as she was putting her gear on behind a building. She took off her shorts leaving only her wet panties and started putting her armor back on. Laura finished putting on her gear when she heard a voice utter "Hello sister". Laura quickly took out her moonglaive and responded "Come out". A female Night Elf with blue hair dressed in black leather came out of the shadows, obviously some kind of rogue or spy or such. After pausing for a moment, Laura spoke up "I didn't expect to see another Night Elf here... what do you want?" The rogue smiled and responded "I was as surprised as you were about seeing another Night Elf, you *did* attract quite a bit of attention as well... in more ways then one."

"What's that supposed to mean?" Laura asked. The rogue giggled and said "You wet yourself!" Laura shook her head "I get in to a fist fight and *that* is what stands out to you?" The rogue smiled again before saying "Sorry, but that's what did!" Laura stretched before getting ready to walk "Well have a nice day, I'm off." The rogue ran up and started walking next to Laura "Where are you going?" she asked. Laura while walking responded "I'm not sure, I figured I would start by exploring this land." The rogue put her hand on Laura's shoulder and stopped walking "What? You don't even know where you are going!?" she asked. Laura nodded in confirmation. The rogue continued talking "Tell you what, travel with me a bit, I'll help you out!" Laura thought for a moment and replied "No thank you, I'll be fine on my own."

The rogue's cheerful tone became more serious "Listen, I actually need help... I'm actually on a mission and I found out I can't do it alone effectively, that's why I went to Menethil Harbor, to see if there was anyone with some strength who could help me out." Laura looked at the rogue and said "Go on". The rogue continued "I need someone capable of intense melee combat, something I am mediocre at." Laura, now slightly eager responded "Combat huh? I'm a bit interested, what kind?" The rogue responded "Well the mission is kind of a secret one, so I can't say much, but I can say however, that what might require melee combat, is strange and powerful creatures." Laura without putting much thought agreed to the rogue's request. The rogue smiled and said "Really? Nice!"

Both of them started walking again when Laura asked "What's your name?" The rogue now a little more open said "Well I'm not supposed to give out much info, but since we are working together now, I guess I can. My name is Serendia, but everyone calls me Sera, it's similar to my real name, but very human sounding, which is useful here." Laura responded "Well Sera, my name is Laura." Sera now in a curious tone asked Laura "Laura? That doesn't sound Elven at all." Laura responded "Well it's not my birth name, but it's my name now. I left my old name behind and picked this one for the same reason you did... I would also prefer if you don't try to get in to my past." Sera smiled "I understand, I won't." she said. Sera continued "Let's get moving! We have quite the walk ahead of us!" And with that, the two women began their journey together.

###

Sentinels - Night Elves main military force.

Third War - Basically WW3 for Warcraft.

The Alliance - A typical fantasy faction, castles/knights/etc. has humans/dwarves/etc.

Auberdine - Large Night Elf port.

Menithil Harbor - Large Alliance port.

Kalimdor - Large continent to the west.

Eastern Kingdoms - Large continent to the east.

Wetlands - A marsh-like area around a river delta.

*005*2015-01-28 02:08

And part 2 as promised...

Chapter 2

Laura and Sera had traveled for about a day. Sera spoke up as they walked "So Laura, what are you doing here exactly?" Laura responded "I actually have, shall I say "left" the Sentinels and started a quest to learn and discover an many types of combat related things, fighting styles, weapons, armor, etc. as I can, kind of odd I know, but I feel compelled to do it." Sera who was eyeing Laura responded "Oh... well... umm... what happened? I mean, you implied you were kicked out." Laura took a deep breath "I don't feel like getting too in to it, but I will leave it at, I wasn't what they wanted me to be." she replied. Sera responded "Oh well I got another question also." Laura responded in a mildly annoyed voice "What is it?" Sera got closer to Laura and whispered "Do accidents happen often for you?"

Laura ceased walking and looked at Sera "You sure waste no time in asking more personal questions... however, it doesn't bother me, and yes it has happened on some occasions." Sera giggled "Really!? May I ask why?" Laura sighed and began walking again as she responded to Sera "Well, when you fight quite often, it's bound to happen eventually." Sera smiled and said "I know just what you mean!" Laura looked back at Sera before saying "Oh? And how so? You don't seem like the type for intense combat."

Sera responded "Well, in my job sometimes I am required to, I guess you could say, wait in the shadows... Sometimes it's for a very long time, and I can't give away my posistion or anything like that, so you can take a guess about the results!" Laura looked towards Sera's lower region "I see... but what about if you, you know, leak? Wouldn't that risk giving you away?" Sera grinned before replying "I am glad you asked me that!" Laura got a look of confusion on her face before Sera finished what she was saying "This isn't something many people do, but I thought of it and it works well for me..." Laura responded "Hmm... I can guess of something, but I don't think that could be it."

Sera looked around for any people who might be traveling the same road they were. "Alright then... I'll show you!" Sera said as she pulled her pants about an inch or so on one side down revealing a puffy looking diaper. Laura eyed it for a moment before responding "Wow, it is, I figured it was something along those lines... but why tell me so openly? We just met, and it seems like kind of a private thing." Sera having just pulled her pants back up responded "Well, it's been some time since I have seen a fellow Night Elven woman, and even though I barely know you, seeing a fellow sister in these lands has really made me feel better... it's a bit desperate I know, but I have been lonely, and when I saw your accident, I just felt like you were someone I could talk to..."

Laura, after thinking for some time, responded to Sera "I see, well I am glad you feel that way, I haven't known you long either obviously, but I like you, and I will admit it's nice to have someone here to talk to... I expected to be alone after coming here." Sera jumped over and hugged Laura "That makes me happy to hear you say that!" Laura after letting Sera hug her for a few seconds responded "Well this is getting akward..."

Laura said attempting to change the subject from Sera's intense affection to her "So... how is wearing a diaper?" Sera smiled "Lovely, I wear them all the time now, even when I am not running missions!... but why don't you find out for yourself?" she said to Laura. Laura paused and thought a moment "Hmm... sure why not? If I am traveling with you and it's something you do, I might as well embrace it, plus it might be useful." she responded. Sera immediately whiped out her bag and pulled out a new diaper "Here, we are pretty much the same size, so this should fit." she said.

Laura undressed behind a nearby tree and proceeded to put the diaper on. "Hmm... feels odd, but nice overall." Laura said as she walked out from behind the tree. Sera giggled "You will get used to it, and hopefully even enjoy it eventually!" The two women continued walking "So, what exactly are you doing Sera?" Laura asked. "I am on a mission, although I can't really say much about it." Sera responded. Laura continued talking "Really? Why are you taking me with you then? I mean I know you want someone who can fight, but come on!" Sera responded "Well I need someone to talk to, and it might be a little rude since we just met and all, but I was thinking you could protect me should a fight break out, also... the mission could last for quite some time, maybe even a year."

Laura paused before responding "You want me to stay with you for an entire year!?" Sera frowned before saying "I would like it... but I can understand if you don't." Laura giggled before responding "Well... I can't believe I'm saying this, but I'll do it!... under several conditions." Sera who was now somewhat happier asked "What would those be?" Laura responded "First up, you will tell me about your mission. Second, you will allow me to train or such, even though it may draw attention... and finally... if I start to enjoy wearing a diaper like you claim I will, I want you to provide me with them." Sera smiled and responded "Fair enough, I'll tell you about my mission in the morning, and for your second condition, I just ask to at least try to be descrete, and for your third, I will gladly!"

The women continued walking for some time, casually talking about things back in their home. Sera giggled and whisped in Laura's ear "So have you used it yet?" Laura paused "Well no... why are you so eager to know anyway?" Sera calmed down a little "Well, I am really curious what you would experience, and I would like talking to you about it!" Laura with a stern expression said "Let me get this right... you want to talk about how I piss myself? That's a bit odd to say the least." Sera with a disappointed voice responded "Well it sounds kind of awful when you put it that way... but yes, I would." Laura sighed "Well, I *do* have to go" she said to Sera. Sera smiled and said "Yay!" Laura paused for a moment before responding "I will go shortly... but first tell me why you adore me so much, and why you are so happy about diapers, I can speculate, but I want to hear it from you!"

Sera noded and spoke in a sightly akward voice "Well, I'm attracted to females... the men were asleep soooo long, and I was around almost exclusively women that entire time, I guess I kind of became well... a lesbian, during all those years." Laura comforted Sera before saying "It's alright, it was indeed a long time, I myself had thoughts like that now and then." Sera smiled and said "That makes me feel better, but... were you ever willing to explore those thoughts?" Laura smiled and responded "Well, they never amounted to much, but who knows... maybe it could." Sera smiled before hugging Laura. Now a little amused by the whole thing, Laura spoke up again "And what about the diapers?"

Sera quietly responded "I like them, a lot, I mean more then for convienance, I love the sense of security, the way they feel, they also turn me on a little... I know I'm kind of a freak for liking it, but I can't help..." Sera was interrupted by a hissing noise accompanied by Laura with a huge grin on. Sera smiled at the grinning Laura and didn't say a word letting her finish. Laura finally did just that and uttered "ahhhh... that felt quite nice, although, it's the first time I ever intentionally did it while wearing something." Sera giggled and said "Did you like it?" Laura paused and though a moment "Hmm... actually yes, it was kind of fun I guess." Sera now quite joyful about her friend responded "Yes!"

Laura yawned before saying "I'm tired, we should get some rest."Sera said "Alright, but... what are you doing!?" Laura who took the diaper off and was getting under a blanket responded "What is it?" Sera now grinning responded "No no no, if you are with me, you are NOT going to bed like that!". Laura just stared at Sera who was now pulling a new diaper out of her bag. Sera took the diaper out and said "THIS is what you will be wearing!"

Laura smiled "Alright Sera, give it here." she said. Sera frowned a bit and said "Actually, I was wondering if maybe I could diaper you..." Laura paused for a moment and then smiled "I suppose Sera, if that will make you happy, I have no problem with it." Laura laid down putting her legs up as Sera got the new Diaper ready to put on. Laura spoke up "Is this okay Sera?" Sera who was smiling after seeing Laura's nether region responded "Yes that is quite okay!" Sera finished changing Laura's diaper before saying akwardly "Do you think you sould change me to? I did pee a few times today and it's quite soaked..." Laura smiled "It's only fair, get over here!" Sera pulled down her tight leather pants exposing her extremely soaked diaper.

Laura looked at it "Wow! You were not kidding... it's so full it actually looks yellow!" she said while poking it. Sera smiled and responded as Laura was changing her "Well, I went twice, normally if I am going to be doing activities that require a lot of movement, I change when I get the chance after one wetting, but today I was so busy talking to you I decided to not bother." Laura just finished changing her in to a fresh diaper before replying "Uh, kind of an odd question, but you have me curious, what's the most amount of times you used one before changing?" Sera giggled and responded "Five!" Laura with a look of shock responded "Five!?"

Sera giggling continued "Yeah, it was during a day I didn't need to do anything or go anywhere." Sera's giggling calmed down a bit as she continued to tell the story "Yeah I had set up camp the night before, in the morning when I woke up, I wet myself before getting out from under my blanket, it felt so nice... the second time was a little later, I was standing up looking to see if the messenger had come yet, as that was what I was waiting for, but they hadn't, so I just pissed myself again because I didn't want to get caught changing myself, and I figured the diaper could easily hold another wetting." Laura quite in to the story said "Go on!" Sera smiled and said "After that I kind of figured they were not coming, so I just sat down since I couldn't leave camp until I had gotten the message, so I had to go again when I was sitting, so I just went.

After that it was really full and couldn't hold anything else, but I was feeling really lazy for some reason that day and figured I was outside so there was no trouble if there was any leaking. Later that afternoon, I went a fourth time, of course this time almost all of it leaked out, I was sitting in a puddle of my own piss, yet I still didn't feel like changing myself. Finally night had come, and I was getting ready for bed, and I had to go, so I stood up, and standing there I just started wetting, all of it leaked out of the diaper and dribbled down my legs, it felt so nice! I actually considered wearing it to sleep, but I decided I better not, so I changed in to a new one and went to bed. The next day I got the message and continued like nothing happened." Laura now kind of excited said "Oh that was great! Maybe you should do it again sometime!" Sera yawned "Maybe sometime... good night Laura!" Laura smiled and responded "Good night Sera!".

*006*2015-01-31 03:42

If interested in more, send me a message.
