Peeing at a Spa

Author: GᒪITTEᖇGᒪᗩᗰOᑌᖇ

*000*2015-02-11 00:58

Elanite had recently forgotten all about her spa appointment. She had just finished drinking her 3rd cup of water that was one gallon after running a few miles. Elanite thought that it would be good pampering after working her ass off. As she went, she started to feel urgent to urinate after all those gallons. Elanite staggered all the way to the spa. As she entered, she wanted to ask for the bathroom but then a woman's words came out saying "Oh we were wondering about you! You are Elanit, right?"

"Elanite," she corrected as she touched her groin but then took her hand away. "Oh, I'm sorry Elanite. Please follow me to the locker room. There you will put your clothes," the woman smiled. I have to be naked? What if a few spurts start coming out?! There's NO way I can hide that?!

Elanite did what said as the woman left calling out "You'll be in massage room A14! Remember to bring you towel before leaving!" Now that Elanite was naked, she felt her groin and starting pushing it down. "Ooh," she whimpered. She got her towel and wraped it around herself. She thought it'd be rude to ask for the bathroom- especially now when she's already naked. Elanite gave up and went to room A14. She put the towel on the hanger and laid face first on the massaging bed. She crossed her legs tightly which made her butt stick out.

"Excuse me? Please don't clenched your tighs....are you in need of anything?"

"Oh what? oh... umm...I am...pee...I mean...uhh...ouch...umm fine thank you..uhhh..yeah," Elanite mumbled.

The woman shrugged and started massaging her back. It felt good, but then she went down to her legs. Elanite's legs started shaking rapidly. A little drop of urine came out. Elanite gasped and grabbed her groin tightly and then released. Luckily, the woman didn't notice. "Umm, may you..umm please go up to my shoulders?" she asked politely. "Sure," the woman, Joe, replied. She massaged her shoulders. Elanite once again crossed her legs. "Ma'am are you okay?" Joe asked. "I'm fine just...never mind," Elanite sighed. She masturbated her groin a bit, but not too much to let it burst- just to calm it. It worked- a little bit. Not a lot. Then another spurt came out. Joe said she'd be back and to remain still while she gets some oils. Elanite couldn't help but get up and go pee in a bucket- however, Joe came before she got the chance.

"May I please get up for a minute, my body parts are falling asleep," Elanite asked. The woman said yes and Elanite went to a room marked "CLIENTS HOT ROOM". It was hotter than expected, but she actually came there to masturbate a bit more. But now it was more urgent than EVER. She crossed her legs and jumped up and down. Too much urgency to even move. Leaned on the wall and crossed her right leg over her left. Pushed her groin down and bent forward. Another little spurt came out, but it was not clear, but corn yellow. She sat down on the wood, bounced up and down and moved her body left and right. Elanite bit her lip. "I really have to pee," she sighed rubbing her legs from bottom and reaching it to her groin. She groaned softly. Now if she doesn't sneak out she would definitely pee herself. Then Joe knocked on the door. "Are you okay? You've been there for more than 15 minutes. May I come in?"

"yeah sure..I mean-" Joe came in anyways for 'sure'. Right when she opened the door, Elanite started peeing on the coal and left Joe jaw opened. Then Joe felt her urge to pee, she has a weak bladder. Seeing someone pee makes her need to pee. Then Joe had a spurts come out. "Oh no!" Joe screamed. Then a trail of pee came out.

**If hope you enjoyed this story! :) This is my first pee fan fiction**

*002*2015-02-21 22:37

Thanks ashishgamer, I will try to satisfy you and others by giving more detailed and better desperation :)

