Harry Potter Omo Story

Author: HarryPotterFun

*000*2019-08-19 21:01

Chapter 1 - A New Home

Harry James Potter was in his cupboard yet again for something Dudley did but had blamed Harry for. He had been in this house for the past year and he hated every minute of it. He still remembered his parents and their friends and for a little boy of 2 that was a big thing. The last thing he remembered of his parents were his father making pretty colours coming out of a stick and his mother disappearing in a flash of bright green light and lying still upon the floor of his room. He had been in this house ever since. He remembered a giant of a man with a very hairy face but with a very kind smiles and eyes of black warmth. He also remembered a huge motorbike which he had been on until he remembered waking up on a doorstep.

The doorbell rang bring Harry out of his daydream and he heard his aunt go and answer the door. He hoped it was his godfather Sirius come to pick him up, something he had been wishing for ever since his first day here where he had been pinched and poked by his cousin and if he cried, Harry would be shooved in the cupboard for making such a noise, but on the other hand if his cousin did that he would be fussed and cooed over and given anything he wanted. Harry hated that he got punished for somethin Dudley did everyday. It made him mad but he had learned in the first couple of weeks living here not to make a noise about it. He had learned the hard way but nevertheless he had learned.

He heard his aunt close the door and two voices talking to his aunt. Both which he recognised. One he was sure was his godfather Sirius, and the other one he was unsure but it sounded like his other godfather Severus. He daren't overhear what they were saying though, even if he would have understood what was being said. He layed back on his bed. His aunt had been trying to potty train his cousin and so far it had been going alright and one morning she put some pants on him, in the understanding that he would be know what to do.

That hadn't been the case and that had been a couple of weeks ago and he had been wetting and messing his pant daily not knowing what he was doing. He was punished for that as well but they didn't make too much fuss about the punishment, only locking him in the cupboard for ten minutes everytime this happened, which was a few times a day but that didn't bother Harry. He had had all types of punishment in his year here, including starvation, beatings and being shut in a cupboard.

Harry heard his aunt unlock the cupboard do and demanded him to come out and into the living room. Harry did as he were told even though he may have to be put back in that dark and horrible cupboard again, he relished in the freedom for the time being.

'These people are friends of your parents', Petunia told him. 'They are here to take you back with them, at last'.

Harry looked at the men on the sofa and smiled innocently at them.

'I don't know if you remember us, Harry but we are your godfathers', said the man with strangle, long, black hair.

'Padfoo'?' said little Harry uncertainly. The man who spoke nodded. He was relieved that Harry recognised him even after his time in Azkaban prison. He secretly wondered what else the boy remembered, he hoped he didn't remember his parents deaths but he quickly dismissed the idea.

'The one next to me is Severus Snape, Harry', he said.

'Sevvy?' said Harry also uncertainly and the man nodded, secretly grimacing at the name.

'Its me', Severus said.

'Now that we have met with you again, we are here, as your aunt has said to come and take you away from here, and for you to come and live with us', Sirius said.

'We will be taking you with us, but I think we have to get you some clothes and things before we go to your new home', said Severus. 'I just need to talk to your aunt about something first.'

Harry nodded not really understanding but he knew what most of the words meant.

Sirius got up and with a nod from Severus escorted Harry to the car they had got here in.

Half an hour went by and Severus finally got in the drivers seat of the car.

'What's been said?' asked Sirius.

'Lets just say the sooner we go shopping the better. He's in pants and not trained. Been beaten for every little thing, and been blamed for things his cousin has done. He has no suitable clothing. He can walk but not far and from what I can make out he hasnt got any belonging. The clothes on his back are hand-me-downs from his extremely obese cousin,' said Severus.

Sirius gaped. Those animals had a lot to answer to it seemed.

'Not only that they treated him like a house-elf, made to clean that house and refused meals if he didnt do the tasks in a timely manner', Severus said.

'Those miserable beasts', said Sirius catching himself from swearing.

'Yes, now lets get that shopping done', Severus said. He had to report to Dumbledore as soon as the shooping trip had been done. He had to be told what had been uncovered about this as soon as it was possible.

*001*2019-08-20 16:46

Chapter 2

Sirius, Severus and Harry set off away from Privet Drive and entered the motorway half an hour later.

'Which shopping centre are we going to?' asked Sirius.

'The nearest one. The sooner we get the shopping done the sooner Harry can have the appropriate clothing on his back. I dread to think what will happen in the mean time', Severus said.

Sirius nodded in understanding.

After another hour they arrived at the shopping centre. Sirius and Severus got out. Severus went to get a trolley as he knew they would need it and Sirius got Harry out of the car. After Severus had arrived back with the trolley Sirius put Harry in the seat of the trolley.

'I think if you went with Harry to the baby supplies. We need to get them as soon as possible and I'll go get a pushchair for him before we to the clothes shopping', Severus said.

Sirius nodded. 'The sooner we get the important things the better.'

They separated and Sirius went to the nearest pharmacy to get the baby supplies. He pick up some size 5 nappies about three packs, then he went got some nappy sacks, rash creams, baby talc, baby lotion, baby shampoo, baby wipes, and then went to the other baby supplies and got some sippy cups which he let Harry choose, Harry chose a set of animal sippy cups, plain coloured sippy cups, patterned sippy cups and one baby bottle with a tiger on it. Sirius then went to the till and paid for the things. After the cashier had bagged everything up Sirius went to the baby changing room and got Harry into a nappy. After that they met up with Severus.

'Did you manage to get everything needed?' asked Severus as he wheeled the pushchair towards them.

'Yeah, I even put a nappy on Harry so we dont have to worry about him wetting his clothes', Sirius said.

'For once Black, you used your brain', drawled Severus.

Sirius shrugged. 'It has been known to happen occassionally'.

Severus nodded.

'Let's go and get some clothes for Harry. The sooner we get that done the sooner you can report to Dumbledore', Sirius said.

Severus nodded and wheeled the pushchair towards the clothing store and Sirius followed with Harry in the shopping trolley. They went to the smallest size section for children. Severus looked at the sizes and looked at the label on the back of Harry's t-shirt and saw that it was way to big. He discretly cast a spell that determined what sie Harry should be.

'He's very small for his age, he is a 1-2 years clothing but we will get the next size up as well in case he has a growth spurt', Severus told Sirius.

Sirius nodded.

Together they went through the section. They got a few short sleeved t-shirt, a few long sleeved t-shirts, a pack of seven vests, a pack of seven ankle socks and several pairs of jogging pants and jeans, and half a dozen pairs of shorts. When they had finally done they went to pay and Sirius picked Harry up from the seat in the trolley and put him in the pushchair. He was looking very tired and Sirius wasn't surprised it had afterall been a very hectic few hours.

Once they had paid Severus went to the car and unloaded the trolley after Sirius had swapped the trolley with him. After Severus unlocked the door Sirius put Harry in the carseat that Severus had bought at the same time he had brought the pushchair and had foreseen to put it in the car.

'I'll drop you both off at home, park the car and I'll floo to Hogwarts to talk to Dumbledore about what we have found out. I don't think he will be happy about the findings, but he will need to know', Severus said as he packed the car up and got in the driver's seat as Sirius sat in the passenger seat after folding the pushchair up and putting it in the car.

Severus drove out of the parking space and began the long drive home, it took about 2 hours and when they had unpacked the car of everything but the car seat and Sirius had put Harry in the living room on the sofa as he had fallen asleep about half an hour ago in the car, Severus went to go and speak to Dumbledore about the day.

*002*2021-01-16 06:53

Chapter 3

While Harry was sleeping, Sirius made sure he packed everything away in what would be Harry's room, making sure to keep a pack of nappies out in the living room along with some wipes and other changing supplies they may need.

Sirius was annoyed that Harry had been treated so badly by Lily's sister as he had thought any jealousy would have been long forgotten, but it was obvious to him that Petunia was still jealous even though Lily wasnt with them anymore. He hoped they could reverse any damage that had been made to the little boy and nothing that they did to him was permanent.

He sat in his armchair as Harry slept, wondering what had possessed Dumbledore to leave Harry there in the first place. Granted at the time he was thought to have been the bad guy and had been sent to azkaban, but surely Dumbledore could have made a better choice with the placement of Harry. He knew severus couldn't at the time either because of his job as a spy and the fact voldemorts followers were keeping an ear out for news.

Sirius sighed to himself. If only he hadn't been so reckless and tried to catch the rat, Harry mightve been with him before it got to this. Granted the rat, once best friend and marauder, Peter Pettigrew, had now been caught and under veritaserum told the ministry everything that had happened that fateful night, it still didn't sit right with Sirius at how Harry's life had been meddled with.

Harry woke up an hour later, looking bearily around as he got his bearing. The first thing he noticed was that Sirius was in the room with him and he smiled to himself. It wasn't all a dream, he was finally away from his aunt, uncle and cousin.

'Padfoo' it really is weal', Harry said as soon as he sat up once he was sure was awake.

'Yeah, bud. It's real. Your never going back to that place ever again', Sirius told him with a soft but firm voice.

'Dey mean to Harry. Harry got in twooble fow fings dat Harry didn't do', Harry informed his godfather in his little toddler speech.

'Me and Sev will look after you now, Harry. You will never have to go back there', Sirius soothed him.

Harry nodded. He was glad about that but he would have to keep saying that it was real so he could start to believe it more, especially after waking up from naps and in the mornings.

An hour later found them all having their tea and Harry was starting to get tired from the hectic day he'd had, so Sirius was just having to feed harry himself and would put him to bed afterwards.

'how'd it go with Dumbledore?' asked Sirius as he helped Harry off from the chair.

'alright. He's starting legal stuff about us having guardianship of Harry tomorrow. The abuse he suffered and the neglect is a harder one to sort', severus sai with a small sigh.

'that's often the case. That's why we have a magical camera to use as picture evidence of it', Sirius pointed out. They did after all know before they got Harry they would have document everything that came up with Harry. Sirius had already taken pictures of the welts on the back of Harry's legs from obvious beating he had been given.

'I know that. It's just going to be hard on Harry for the recovery he' ll be needing', severus said.

Sirius nodded, he could understand that.

'Pomfrey will be round tomorrow for the medical evidence so she'll be about to give evidence on the physical and medical side of it', severus said as they went out of the kitchen, leaving the dishes for the house elves they had.

'Alright, as long as Harry is out of that place and he's with us I don't really care what happens to them', Sirius told him.

'Me either. But we have to go through the motions of everything so that we can proceed legally with the abuse that he's obviously suffered', severus said.

Sirius nodded and soon they put harry to bed after a quick bath. After all the little boy had had an very hectic day.

Severus went down to his lab to brew some child potions for Harry in case he got ill or they were needed for some reason and Sirius went to bed as he too was tired after a very hard day.

Severus brewed a few potions that he thought would come in handy in the days that would follow, before he too went to bed. He didn't normally stop round Sirius' house but as they both were healing - harry with the abuse and Sirius with the effects of azkaban - severus thought it would be best if he stayed on to lend a hand. He soon fell into a light sleep all the while keeping an ear out for his two charges even as he slept.

*003*2021-01-28 17:53

Chapter 4

The next morning dawned bright and sunny. The rays of the sun hitting Harry as he awoke and stretched. No sooner had he sat up in his bed than Sirius came in.

'Morning', said Sirius in greeting as he saw that Harry was awake.

'Padfoo', Harry exclaimed as he caught sight of his godfather.

'Shall we get you dressed and ready for breakfast?' asked Sirius as he picked up the small boy from his bed.

Harry nodded. He had thought everything that had happened yesterday had been a dream, but when he had woken up he realised that it wasn't because he wasnt sleeping in a cupboard but in a toddler bed.

'Come on then,' said Sirius with a smile.

'Sevvy hewe?' asked Harry in his little toddler voice.

'Yeah, he's already dowwnstairs, buddy', answered Sirius grabbing a clean nappy for Harry and a change of clothes ready.

Harry nodded.

'Shall we get you changed', said Sirius as he laid Harry on to the changing table in the room which they had brought before they had went to fetch Harry from the Dursley's foreseeing that they would need it.

Harry nodded again. His nappy was afterall soaked as he had wet it a lot during the night and it was clearly visable through his pajamas.

Sirius took off Harry's pajama bottoms to reveal the saturated nappy.

'You did a lot of pee-pees', Sirius smiled as he untaped the nappy.

'Uh-uh', Harry nodded with a squirm as the cold air hit his nappy area.

Sirius quickly took the soiled nappy away from him and put on the fresh one, making sure to tape it up securely. He made quick work of dressing Harry and went downstairs into the kitchen where Severus was making breakfast.

'Morning Sirius', Severus greeted to the other man.

'Morning', Sirius said back to him as he put Harry into his highchair.

'We have cereal and toast for Harry', Severus told him. 'And bacon and eggs for us.'

'Thanks, Severus. He may still be hungry though', Sirius said.

'I know, and if thats the case he can have some bacon and eggs as ive made plenty', Severus said as he fliped over the eggs he was cooking on the stove.

'Alright', Sirius said. 'What do we have planned for today?' he asked as he sat down next to Harry as he was hopeless at cooking.

'You have an appointment with Dumbledore for a start', said Severus with a look at Sirius.

'What about Harry?' asked Sirius with a small frown on his face. He was not looking forward to seeing the headmaster.

'I'll be taking him with me to Diagon Alley to pick him up some magical toys and clothes', Severus said as he plated up the eggs he had been working on and turning over the bacon.

'I thought we was going to be doing that another day?' Sirius said with a question in his voice.

'We was going to, but I thought it would be better to get it out of the way', Severus told him. 'I thought that it would be better to do it this way. You can decide what we do after Harry has had his nap after lunch this afternoon'.

'That sounds alright', Sirius said. He could spend some time with thinking on what to do later after he had finished his appointment with the headmaster. That way he would be able to spend time with Harry, and Severus if he wasnt busy.

'I'll be with you this afternoon as well', Severus informed him. 'As it is summer, I have no duties to attend to'.

'Ok', Sirius said as Severus put the bacon on a plate and started dishing it on to a plate and handing it to Sirius before making Harry his cereal and toast.

'We've got to introduce Harry to the Weasley's at some point too', Severus said as he poured milk into a bowl of cereal.

'I figured we would. It will be good for Harry to interact with kids his own age', Sirius said.

'I know. We have to work it out with them', Severus said thoughtfully. 'Maybe in about a month we can arrange it. Gives Harry chance to get used to his new living arrangements.'

'That sounds like a plan', Sirius said with a nod of his head. 'I have an healer's appointment then, too'.

'I know, maybe we could arrange it so that Harry is there while you go to the appointment', Severus said.

'I'll have to owl the Healer times for an appointment, then go from there', said Sirius with a thoughtful expression on his face.

'That's fine. While your with Dumbledore, ask him if it would be alright if I go see him tomorrow afternoon', Severus told him. 'I have to go see the Malfoy's in a few days and I want his thoughts on that'.

'Haven't they turned to our side?' asked Sirius who was cousins with Narcissa even though they hadn't had much time to catch up since Sirius had gotten out of Azkaban with everything going on in his life and having been making plans to retrieve Harry from The Dursley's and his aftercare from the dementors.

'They have. Lucius wants us to go over there once Harry is adapted to living with us for a playdate with Draco. But thats not the reason he wants me to go over there', Severus said. 'He wants to know, or rather Narcissa wants to know - how your getting on after everything'.

'She could've owled me', Sirius said with a raised eyebrow.

'And I expect she will do after I've been to see them', said Severus with an eye roll making it quite clear that this was a conversation that had been discussed at length before.

'When you go see them, tell Narcissa to owl me so that your not playing the messsenger all the time', Sirius told him.

'I will', said Severus as he gathered up the plates they had used and wiped Harry's face clean.

'What time is Dumbledore wanting me there?' asked Sirius as he helped Harry out of his highchair.

'As soon as you can', replied Severus. 'You know how he is. Dumbledore, from what I can gather wants to know how you're doing and just couldn't be bothered in writing you an owl or asking me about it'.

'Ah, well. At least I can give him some sort of update on Harry while I'm there too', Sirius said nonchalantly.

'Yes, he'll be expecting that', Severus said with a shrug.

'Yup, Remus wants to come over at some point', Sirius told Severus.

'And that's fine', Severus said. 'You know he's welcome here any time'.

'So does he. He wants to meet Harry again from what I can gather, but he knows to wait a couple of weeks before we introduce him to people', Sirius said as they went into the living room.

'And he will. He takes the Wolfsbane Potion so he's safe to be around Harry anyway. Maybe I should owl him to make sure he has plenty of it supplied', Severus said thoughtfully.

'From what he said in his letter to me the other day, he has enough to last a couple of months', Sirius told him as Harry went to his new toys that had been placed in the living room.

'In that case, I'll start making some more tomorrow', Severus said. 'It's a good job I'm basically his potion supplier and Healer'.

'It is. Your mine too', SIrius reminded him.

'I'm your potion supplier, which you pay me for and get the ingredients I may need for the potions', Severus said as he sat down on the sofa with a sippy cup for Harry that he has filled prior to leaving the kitchen.

'I know. I dont mind paying you and getting the ingredients you need. I'd rather do that then go to someone I dont know', Sirus shrugged as he sat next to Severus on the sofa, delaying the meeting he knew he would have to have with Dumbledore.

'Yeah, plus I don't make the potions from the books they're from. I adapt the recipes for better effects and the fact that I can make them with flavours added to make them taste good', Severus said not knowing Sirius was stalling just yet.

'You'll have to make some child Potions for Harry, now we have him here', said Sirius as he looked at Harry playing with his toys.

'And I will. I made a couple last night. I'll do some more tonight as well', Severus informed him before looking at Sirius. 'Your stalling. Dumbledore is expecting you.'

'Aw Severus, I wanted to spend a few more minutes in the company of you and Harry', Sirius said batting his eyelashes.

'That won't work with me, Black. Don't forget we went to Hogwarts together, and I saw how you used to flirt with the girls', Severus said with a raised eyebrow and a smirk. He was just glad Sirius could joke around like this.

'It was worth a try', Sirius chuckled standing up.

'It was. Besides, at school we never got on, so I had to be aware of your every move more or less', Severus said as Harry came up to him and climbed on to his knee.

'I know. Both me and James were pretty much arses to you', Sirius said with remorse.

'I know. You've apologised and so did Potter once we we're in Seventh Year', said Severus which was true. He himself accepted it but had fallen so far into the Dark Arts at the time to really forgive it until he started to realise that Voldemort was wrong and Severus had turned to Dumbledore and pledged himself to the light and went on to be a spy for Dumbledore and had been ever since.

'Lily stuck up for you even after the arguement', Sirius told him.

'I know. I'm just sorry we ever fought', Severus said. 'I should've kept my mouth shut, but at least she forgave me in the end.'

'She did forgive you. She knew you said it in anger rather than at her. It wasnt until after me and James apologised to you, but she was soon friends with you after graduation', Sirius said.

'Well she forgave me before then, but I told her that we couldn't publically show it', Severus told him.

'I realised that', Sirius said grabbing a handful of Floo Powder and throughing it in the fire.

'Go! I'll talk to you later', Severus said ushering to the green flames.

Sirius nodded and with a 'Headmaster Office, Hogwarts' he whooshed away.

'Sev, where Padfoo' goin'?' asked Harry who had been silent for a while.

'He'll be back by this afternoon, don't worry', said Severus rubbing the child's back sensing that Harry was a little anxious.

'Otay', Harry said trusting Severus. 'I wanna big an' go potty,' he told Severus even though he didn't know how he could do that.

'And you can, but lets wait for a while', Severus said. 'We'll talk about that again soon though'.

Harry nodded.

'I was going to go shopping to Diagon Alley with you. But I think it would be better to go with Sirius, what do you think?' asked Severus.

'Padfoo' come with us', Harry stated.

After that the morning was spent watching children's TV programmes and Severus supervised Harry in doing some art work which he was very grateful for. Harry had made a few pictures and was quite a good little artist for a toddler. All of the paintings were drying on the rack ready to be put on the fridge or wall later. After the artwork had been done they went to do some baking of a cake for dessert that night and some cupcakes for when Harry had snacks throughout the day. Severus was glad of the time that morning spent with Harry, in a way, to him, it was kind of relaxing and he was happy that Harry was enjoying some time with him.

