My summer of love (A fanfiction) - Page 3

Author: Little Widow

*051*2013-07-16 02:07

{{: 

Heheheheheh so cute xD

Kendall should teach Katie to swim sometime x3

}}

KayLeigh, have I ever told you you're a genius? :P I MAY HAVE TO COLLABORATE WITH YOU ON THIS THING IN THE FUTURE. :D

*054*2013-07-19 03:09

Hehehehehe, you guys are gonna LOOOVE this one. :P

Chapter 21:

Kendall slowly paddled them back to the shallow end and got Katie out before getting out of the water himself. Katie was still shaking, freezing now.

"Shh, come on baby," Kendall said, picking her up again. "Carlos where are the towels?"

"I put a bunch on the table," Alexa called, whacking Carlos with a pool noodle.

"Hey!" He said, grabbing another one and whacking her right back, thus starting a war. Kendall wrapped Katie up in a towel before drying off himself.

"I know just the thing to make you feel better," Kendall cooed as he carried Katie up to their room.

"W-what?" she asked.

"A bath?" Kendall said innocently.

Katie pouted. "I was hoping you were gonna say sex," She whispered.

"Oh we can do that in the bath," Kendall chuckled. Katie giggled. "So, how about a nice, steamy bath?"

Katie burst out laughing. "Of course!"

Kendall smiled. "with or without bubbles?"

"What kind of a bath would it be without bubbles?" Katie said, grabbing a condom for Kendall and some clothes for the two of them for after.

MEANWHILE DOWNSTAIRS......

(AN: Don't hate me for not writing that further! You're gonna love what I have planned and besides, I can't write that kind of stuff :P)

"Poor Katie," Alexa sighed as she dried her hair. "I wish we could help her."

"Oh! We should have swim lessons!" James suggested.

"Yeah but she's so shy and besides, I doubt she'd let anyone but Kendall teach her," Carlos argued.

"Well then me and him could both teach her," James said. "What time is it?"

"Almost noon," Alexa said. "Anyone up for some peanut butter sandwiches?"

"YEAH!" The three boys cheered.

"Well come on then," Alexa giggled, grabbing Carlos' hand. They all went in to the kitchen.

"I want fruit," James decided, getting the bowl of watermelon out of the fridge. Alexa set to work on sandwiches.

"Who wants wheat bread?" She asked.

"Me," the three boys called.

"Lexie you think I should get the others?" Carlos asked.

"If you wanna, just tread lightly, who knows what they're doing," Alexa said. Carlos nodded, going upstairs to the end of the hall. the door was open, that was a good sign. he walked in right as, well....

"YEEEESSSS!" Katie screamed in ecstasy. Carlos slowly backed out of the room and shut the door before he burst in to laughter.

"What's so funny Los?" Logan shouted up to him.

"Oh nothing," He hiccupped.

"Carlos Pena it is not nothing now get down here or you are gonna get it," Alexa demanded. Carlos bounced down the stairs and over to his girlfriend.

"Bathtime sex," He whispered. "And I walked in just in time to hear Katie." Alexa smacked him.

"Ohhh, THAT'S what you walked in on," James giggled.

"Who walked in on what?" Katie asked from the bottom of the stairs.

*056*2013-07-27 01:30

Sorry it's taken so long guys! :( I got really stuck on this chapter, but I FINALLY FINISHED IT! *Cue choir singing hallelujah* lol, enjoy!

Chapter 22:

"Walked in on what?" Katie asked from the bottom of the stairs. Kendall was right next to her and glaring at Carlos.

"He walked in on me changing," Logan said suddenly, making Katie giggle. "Couldn't handle aaaall this!"

"No one can," James snorted, going to the kitchen to finish his sandwich. "That's why you're single."

"Noooo, I'm single cuz I'm gay!" Logan taunted. "What's your excuse?"

"You are?" Katie asked, working on her own sandwich.

"Yeah, you got a problem with it?" Logan asked.

"Nope, just didn't think you were," Katie smiled, turning to Kendall. "Wanna make an adorable vine and make top Carlexa?"

"Sure!" He cheered. "Lemme go get my phone!"

Katie giggled, turning to Logan. "Help us out?"

"Hey! That's my job!" Carlos said before Logan could even answer. "What are we doing?"

"Sandwich of love," Katie giggled. She quickly explained the idea, smiling when Kendall came down with his phone. She explained the idea and they quickly filmed the vine before sitting down with everyone outside and turning to Logan.

"So, gay huh?" She started.

"Yup, and no boy has been able to handle me yet," Logan smirked. "Why?"

"My mom always thought you were, but I kept telling her you were straight, otherwise Kogan would have been real already," Katie said. "I think that's kinda cool. and I know a LOVELY boy who would just LOVE to date you."

"Easy chica," Logan chuckled. "Can't be seen kissing dudes. what would all the little six-year-olds think?"

"True, and media ALWAYS find that stuff out," Katie sighed. "Sucks to be alone though I bet."

"Eh, sometimes, but Dustin's a lonely gay too, so we keep each other company," Logan said, forgetting that only Kendall and him knew.

"WHAT?!" Everyone except Katie shouted; instead she just shrugged, making Carlos look at her oddly.

"You are way too cool with these kind of things," Carlos said.

"She's pleasantly open-minded," Kendall said proudly.

"Not much scares me, I've heard almost everything," Katie mumbled, taking a bite of her sandwich. Logan smiled at that.

"The world needs more people like that," He said happily. "Too many intolerant and judgemental pricks."

"AMEN!" Everyone shouted. They all finished eating and decided to have quiet time, so Katie dragged Kendall upstairs since she was sleepy.

"But K I don't wanna sleep," Kendall whined as he snuggled close to Katie.

"Shh, you don't have to sleep then," Katie yawned. "But I want my Kennie to snuggle with."

"How do you always know what to say?" Kendall sighed.

"Cuz I'm magic," Katie giggled, sticking her thumb in her mouth and conking out. Kendall joined her in dreamland minutes later despite his best attempts at fighting it, and ending up soaking them both within the hour.

*059*2013-08-07 03:28

{{: 

Ooooh Logan is gay? :D this is AWESOME.

}}

Thanks! I do hope you enjoy shipping though. ;)

{{: 

Just found this and wanted to say you're doing a lovely job! I adore Katie and Kendall and James and everyone. I'd like to see you draw out the Kendall desperation a bit more though, if at all possible. Can't wait for another update!

}}

Wow! Thanks! :) Yeah desperation has never really been my strong suit, but hey, everything takes practice! :) I'm so glad you like it!

*062*2013-11-24 22:04

Okay! So I know I haven't updated this story in FOREVER. Sorry about that. BUT! I have decided to revive it since I FINALLY HAVE AN UPDATE!! :D it's not the best but the next one will be better. so... enjoy!!

Chapter 23:

Katie woke to Kendall crying. "Honey what's wrong?" She asked.

"I'm sorry!" He whimpered. "I didn't mean to wet I really didn't I-"

"Baby chill," Katie cooed. "Just go clean up, okay?" Kendall nodded, shuffling miserably to the bathroom. Katie sighed, thinking about a better solution as she stripped the bed, grateful everyone else was napping so she could go down to the laundry room. She realized then that there wasn't much she could do besides pull-ups or diapers and decided to go check on Kendall.

"Hey," Kendall mumbled.

"Hey," Katie said sweetly, moving to remake the bed with Kendall. "Can we talk?"

"O-okay," He said nervously. He sat down on the bed with her and she crawled in to his lap.

"What have you done to try and deal with the problem?" She asked softly.

"Um, I've tried different things over time," Kendall said softly. "I tried alarms, not drinking after a certain time... but none of them have ever worked."

"You've never tried... protection?" Katie asked softly.

"I thought about it, but... The thought of going in to a store and buying them terrified me to the point of tears. I mean what if someone caught me? What would that have done to the band?"

Katie thought for a minute. "Did you ever think of asking Dustin?"

"No, cuz he didn't find out until we started touring," Kendall admitted with a sigh.

"Well, we can't keep doing what we have been, cuz it won't work," Katie said softly. "If you want... I'll go get them."

"B-but that means... I am a baby," Kendall said, tears in his eyes.

"No, it means you're man enough to admit you have a problem and need help," Katie said firmly. "If we go right now we could probably be back before anyone gets up." Kendall sighed but agreed, grabbing his keys, wallet, and shoes while Katie got her own shoes and her purse.

AT WALMART:

"Alright medium," Katie said to herself as she examined the different packages. She settled on a package of pull-ups, also grabbing a package of tape diapers in case the pull-ups didn't hold. she paid for them and returned to the car.

"Thanks for that," Kendall mumbled as they started back home.

"You're welcome," Katie said happily. "So what are we doing tonight?"

"Probably more movies," Kendall said. "I think James was trying to talk Logan in to a Marvel marathon."

"I would've thought he'd go along with that really easily," Katie said softly.

"He's Logan, who knows?" Kendall chuckled. "I think he was born without the need to mate." Katie burst into laughter at that. "Mm, I've always loved that laugh."

"Y-you do?" Katie giggled.

"Yeah, it's one of the things I love most about you," He said, stopping the car. "Do you think they're up?"

"I'll go check," she said happily. "I'll text you if it's safe, okay?"

"Thanks," Kendall said softly, kissing her gently before Katie darted in to the house.

"Hey, where'd you guys go?" James asked as she walked in to the kitchen.

"To the store," Katie answered. "Are you the only one up?"

"Yeah, why?"

"No reason," she said, pulling out her phone.

"What's going on? You're acting weird."

"I am not," Katie said simply, putting her phone away.

"What did you get?" James asked. "And don't try to lie."

"Um-" Kendall walked in then, and tripped, leaving Kendall with a bruised nose and sending the package of pull-ups into the air and on to the floor in plain sight.

*064*2014-01-09 00:45

TADA! I'm still working on the Perfect boyfriend. But things are moving slowly there right now, and I FINALLY got a decent update for this one! :D LET THE CUTENESS BEGIN!!

Chapter 24:

"So that's what you got," James said softly. Katie was about to say something when they all heard a door open from upstairs. in an instant James had the pull-ups under the sink and Katie had Kendall up off the floor.

"You guys okay down there?" Carlos called down to them.

"Yeah, Kendall just slipped and fell," James lied smoothly, Katie handing Kendall some ice for the bruise forming on his nose.

"Whatever," Carlos sighed, going back to his room. Once the three heard the door click, James turned around.

"I want to help," He said. "I'm not gonna tell, and I've kinda known for a while."

"How?" Kendall asked nervously.

"The others aren't as observant as I am, plus I noticed the large amounts of laundry," James said softly. "How long has this been going on?"

"....Longer than you've known me," Kendall said, his face red. "it's cuz my bladder is puny. Dustin and K are the only ones who know."

James looked at Katie, then at Kendall. "I've got your back man, just tell me and I'll be there," he said. "If I was gonna tell I would've done it by now."

"C-can you help us get the... protection upstairs?" Kendall asked softly. James smiled gently, and nodded, dashing upstairs while Katie and Kendall finished downstairs.

"I need to get on and check the blog," She sighed. "Everyone is gonna want pictures and details."

Kendall nodded. "Shall I get the camera?"

"Nah, I'll just use my phone," She said. "Go relax, you need it sweetie." Kendall nodded, gently kissing her before settling in to the couch and turning the TV on. Katie sighed, running upstairs and starting her laptop up and grabbing her phone. She wandered around the room, taking photos of it before going around the house. Finally she set to work uploading them and typing.

"It's finished!" She said, running downstairs with her laptop. "Wanna read it?"

"Totally!" Kendall said. Little did they know Logan had tiptoed downstairs and was looking over the couple's shoulder as Katie read her post aloud.

"It's kinda lame," Logan said.

Katie's heart shattered in an instant. "What do you mean?"

"It's just... not something most people would care about I think," Logan shrugged.

"Well you think wrong!" Kendall snapped.

"Kendall-"

"No, you worked hard on that!"

"Yeah and it's just my opinion!" Logan shouted. Katie wasn't gonna stick around for this, and slammed her laptop shut and ran out back.

A WHILE LATER, DUSK TO BE PRECISE...

"Hey," Carlos said, holding the computer. "You mind showing me what they were fighting over?"

"No, cuz Logan's probably right," Katie said softly.

"No, he's just an ass sometimes," Carlos said, setting it up. "Please K?"

"Fine," She sighed, sitting next to him and pulling it up. Carlos read intently, laughing in places, smiling in others. "And you're gonna let Logan, of all people, keep you from posting this? It's adorable!"

"It's not just Logan," Katie said, saving the post and pulling up some of the comments on her last post. "Everyone thinks it sucks."

"Who the hell cares? They didn't even bother to use spell check, so if anything, THEY'RE the ones who suck."

"I dunno..." Katie said.

"Dinner!" Alexa called from the back door.

"Just post it, and then if you don't get the results you want after dinner, you can take it back down," Carlos said. Katie sighed and published the post and took her computer inside. Carlos waited until she was distracted before posting something on twitter....

*065*2014-05-04 18:44

Well, it's getting to be summer time again. :P I actually have two updates for this one. My creativity seems to be going in a circle; this story, the perfect boyfriends, and then another story I'm working on. ;) But here's an update for this one. ALSO: I've rewritten Katie's backstory. So forget all names previously mentioned in this story other than those of the six main characters. :) Enjoy!

Chapter 25:

"Hey," Kendall said as Katie walked in to the house, hugging her tightly. "Sorry about earlier."

"S'okay," She mumbled in to his chest.

"Come on, Lex made fried chicken," Carlos said, leaning over to kiss his girlfriend.

"And homemade potato chips," She added happily, motioning for everyone to sit down. Katie hesitantly slid in to a chair next to Kendall, James sitting to his left- Logan the next seat over.

"so what are we doing tonight?" James finally asked to break the silence.

"I think just more movies," Alexa said. "We should go out on Friday though."

"Yeah, that'd be fun," James said. "Maybe we should hit the mall tomorrow then, so we can find something to wear."

"Ugh, then I need to get a pedicure," Alexa groaned.

"Katie'll go with you!" Kendall and Carlos said, earning weird looks from both girls.

"I'd like that," Alexa said, making Katie look up. "Would you?"

Katie smiled a little. "Yeah, I would," She said happily.

BEDTIME:

"It just slides on like underwear, okay?" Katie said softly.

Kendall nodded, going in to the bathroom and shutting the door. Katie sighed, crawling in bed and deciding to scroll through twitter. She was in for a surprise though.

"Kendall! I have my own TT!" She squealed.

"You what?!" He asked, running to the bed in just his shirt and pull-up.

"I-I-I have my own Trending topic! Everyone is tweeting rushers love Katie's blog!" She squealed. "But how?"

Kendall shrugged. "So what does this mean for your blog?"

"Loads of views I'm sure," Katie smiled. "Now go get pants on. I wanna snuggle."

"Okay Lady Bug," He said, tugging on pants and crawling back in next to her. "James was telling me he wanted to help you learn to swim."

"Not wifout you," She mumbled, putting her thumb in her mouth as her eyes closed. "Need Kendall to keep me safe."

Kendall chuckled and kissed her hair softly. "I'll always keep you safe Lady Bug," He said, pulling her close as he fell asleep himself.

THE NEXT MORNING.....

Katie woke to the smell of smoke and cinnamon.

*070*2014-05-31 04:45

{{: 

Are you still writing this? Its really good.

}}

I'm trying. I have another chapter almost finished, but the ending is KILLING me. >.< I'm not giving up though.

*074*2015-04-09 01:09

I dont know why I stopped posting this story or why I stopped writing it. But I'm not giving up guys. I have a good storyline planned, lots of drama, fluff, and omo. IT WILL NOT DIE. Unfortunately, my computer has. :( I'm prepping as much as I can with the resources I have at the moment. I'm hoping to get to a library next week sometime so I can properly update this. I'm reviving this. I'm also going to revive my other story, "The Perfect Boyfriend." that one I REFUSE to let die. I have it plotted through to the end and I've got a sequel for it started as well. I may not do anything else here, simply because I'm still living at home and have no privacy, but my stories mean too much to me to let them die as well. Sorry for taking so long and not having an update. But I will soon. I promise!

