"Problems" Buffy the Vampire Slayer Fanfiction

Author: Dale Miller

*000*2013-05-23 20:53

The subject of Buffy 'popping a squat' while on patrol has come up before, and I liked the thought of it, so I made it the basis for a fanfiction. I wrote the first part yesterday, will start work on the second as soon as I enough good ideas for it (all I know so far is that I'm going to include a wetting in the second part). Here's the first chapter for you to be getting on with, any feedback is appreciated :D

Problems

Buffy and Faith had begun to enjoy patrolling together a little bit more recently. They were beginning to see the benefits of it, and there was a definite improvement in their technique since they started working together. Patrolling had become a much smoother operation, and both Slayers were learning from each other.

This particular night, Buffy learnt something which she had previously though unthinkable. Something she would have never dreamed of doing for the sake of her dignity and her cleanliness. But because of Faith, the realisation that doing this would probably make patrolling a lot easier made her sit up and wonder why she ever shied away from it.

The night had basically consisted of waiting for a Vampire to rise, during which time more vampires than they had originally anticipated made their presence known. Giles had told them it would be a quiet night, and the vamp they were waiting for would be their only problem. Clearly he had been wrong. He was right about the Vampire rising at least. A small mercy I suppose.

They were just finishing off the last of the vampires, and both of them noticed a discomfort in their bladders. This was not unfamiliar to either of them. Working long hours in combat meant keeping hydrated, which inevitably meant they would eventually have to pee. Tonight, however, patrolling took up more time than they had originally planned, meaning the urge was starting to become desperate.

Buffy staked the very last vamp, and the relief she felt as she saw it turn to dust before her eyes was overwhelming. This diminished very quickly when she then remembered how far it was to the nearest bathroom.

Buffy and Faith stood for a few seconds exchanging victorious glances. There was no indication between them that suggested they both needed to pee, but they were both very aware of themselves and their own full bladders. They both started to make their way back. Buffy wanted to say something about it, to ensure that Faith knew it was urgent so they could get to a Bathroom quickly. Faith wanted to say something too, she however was less hesitant.

"That was great B." She said "But I gotta take a whiz like you wouldn't believe." This was good, Buffy thought to herself. If Faith needs to pee too, then she won't be holding Buffy up. Her desire to get to a toilet would be just as strong as her own.

"Yep." Buffy replied "I don't agree with the choice of wording, but I do sympathise with your problem. I need to go too. The nearest bathroom is a couple of blocks away, at the gas station."

"Ah, Buffy." Faith said, in a condescending manner "We're in the open air. There's no one around. The world is your bathroom. We're in a frickin' cemetery for crying out loud, the ground couldn't be more welcoming."

"Excuse me?" Buffy asked, not entirely sure was Faith was suggesting.

Faith rolled her eyes in disbelief of Buffy's innocence. She began to walk over to a nearby grave. "Listen carefully Buffy, this is important" she began to explain. "When our loved ones die, we put flowers in their grave to remember them. Except it doesn't work. We forget about them, and so the flowers begin to wither away and die too."

"What the hell does this have to do with having to pee?" Buffy asked.

"What I'm saying is, it's our duty to save lives and stuff, right?" Faith continued to explain "Well, I'm gonna go ahead and water these plants, and so you should too."

Faith began undoing her belt, and unzipping her Jeans. Buffy watches as she does this, and it finally hits her what Faith is doing.

"You can't just relieve yourself on someone's grave Faith!"

"Why not?" Faith asks, pulling her pants down "It's not like they care!" Faith exposes her bare backside and squats down next to the tombstone.

"Faith, stop it!" Buffy whispers. Buffy knows that what Faith is doing is wrong, but at the same time, she also remembers that she is fighting against wetting herself in public. She realises that she may not have much choice.

Faith on the other hand is perfectly happy squatting down on the ground. So happy, that she ignores Buffy's requests an lets out a long stream that soaks into the ground.

Faith lets out a cry of relief "Ah, man. What are you waiting for, B? Just pop a squat over there, no one's gonna see you."

Buffy wishes it didn't have to be that way, but she was already desperate ten minutes ago. She was struggling with keeping her own urine from leaking out, now that Faith is peeing right on front of her, it is even harder. She could hear the sound of Faith's pee hitting the ground, and although she was trying not to look, she also caught a glimpse of the stream coming out. The pressure on her Bladder was unbearable, and she could slowly feel the contents of it making its way down her uretha. Buffy had no choice. She had to pee on the grass.

"Alright" Buffy shouted "But if anyone asks, I did not agree to this!"

"Yeah, whatever" Faith replied.

Buffy walked a little further away from Faith. She felt uncomfortable peeing in front of anybody. She found a little patch of grass behind a big tombstone that was practically out of sight. She pulled down her pants and sat over the edge of the tombstone. She was worried that her discomfort of the situation would cause her to tense up, making it difficult to pee. She closed her eyes, applied pressure very slowly, and sure enough, out it came. A gigantic streak of pee that came out with such force that the pain in Buffy's bladder disappeared almost immediately. This was pleasure like she had never known it before. The relief was otherworldly. She peed for a full minute, the steam from the ground below was rising and warming her crotch. When the flow was finally beginning to stop, Faith walked over to where Buffy was, doing her belt back up.

Buffy finished peeing, shook off the last few drops, and pulled her pants back up. Faith came over to the other side of the tombstone and saw the massive wet patch Buffy had left.

"Man!" Faith exclaimed "I'm proud of you Buffy! Wasn't so bad was it?"

Buffy hated to admit it, but she actually had enjoyed it. More so than if she'd used the toilet. There was something so satisfying about doing it in the open air. Being able to see it, smell it, feel it, let it all out.

"No" she said, with a smile on her face "No, it wasn't."

*003*2013-05-28 15:05

Funnily enough, I have just finished writing the second part and it does include Willow :D

Here it is:

Buffy couldn't stop thinking about how much pleasure she got out that pee. When she got home after patrolling, she wished desperately that she could do it all again. The confines of her own home where not the ideal place for her to replicate it, however hard she might have tried. She purposely drank a lot of water in order to make sure she needed to go desperately, and more often. Peeing whilst standing over the toilet had not worked for her, and in fact it was just incredibly messy. Peeing whilst standing in the bath was better, but she still had to clean up after herself. Eventually she convinced herself to sneak outside and pee up the side of the house. She had to pee so badly that she didn't even care that there were people walking passed the house, who could probably see exactly what was going on. This was the beginning of a new interest for Buffy, and she fully intended to put it into practice the next day at school.

The next day came and Buffy was taking in water periodically. She made sure to keep her intake minimal during the day so that she could control her desperation. By the time lunchtime came, her bladder was beginning to get full. After eating lunch she went straight for the library, where she knew she would be able to occupy her mind until the next period.

"I really don't understand it" Giles said "I've no idea where this group came from, and historically it's not a night which vampires feed on mass traditionally. I can't imagine that there was any kind of purpose to their visit other than that."

"It's probably nothing to worry about" Buffy said "We took care of it."

"But I mean if there was something going down, and they were invited, then we didn't stop it from happening, right?" Faith added "We just stopped those guys from going."

"Well, as far as I know there haven't been any attacks " Giles said "So if more them did in fact meet last night, there certainly haven't been any repercussions."

Buffy was trying to concentrate on what was going on, but the pain in her bladder was getting worse, and looking the clock she only had ten minutes left until the end of lunch. She couldn't hold it for much longer, and definitely wouldn't be able to hold it through the next period.

"Ok" she said, as she stood up "If we're all done here, I really need to go the bathroom."

"Yes, certainly" Giles replied "But, if you see anything else tonight that may be cause for concern, let me know."

"Sure" she answered, trying to get away in a hurry "I gotta go, see you tomorrow."

She began to walk away, when yet again something held her up. "Buffy, wait" Willow shouted, from across the room. Buffy's bladder was about to burst. Much more waiting around would cause her to wet herself in front of her friends.

"Will, please, I really need to go!" Buffy said in a tone of voice that let Willow know she was serious.

"Me too" Willow said "I'm coming with you."

"Oh." Buffy replied, as her and Willow walked out the library door. This scuppered her plan completely. This is what Buffy had been leading up to all day. She had not been specifically holding all day just to pee in a toilet. It didn't look like she had a lot of choice given the amount of time she had left. But then again, Willow might be understanding. After all, she had been persuaded by Faith the night before, having been skeptical about it.

"Will" she said, as they were getting close to the Girl's Bathroom. "I don't wanna go in there."

"But you said you needed the bathroom, didn't you?" Willow asked

"Kinda." Buffy replied.

"No, you definitely said I really need to go to the bathroom." Willow said with sincerity.

"Yeah, but..." Buffy replied "What I meant by that was that I really have to pee."

"I'm not really seeing the distinction here, Buffy" Willow said "Those two phrases are kind of synonymous."

"Just come with me, I'll show you what I mean" Buffy said, dragging Willow away by the arm quickly. Her bladder was so full at this point it was difficult for her to walk. She took Willow through the double doors at the front of the school, and found a spot just behind the sports field that looked perfect. There weren't too many people around, and they would be pretty much sheltered.

"Buffy?" Willow said, a little concerned "What's going on?"

"I'm gonna ask you a bit of a personal question." Buffy said "Have you ever peed outside?"

"Well yeah" she replied "But only in specialist circumstances. Personally, I prefer to do what the non-crazy people do and pee in the toilet."

Willow turned away from Buffy and started to go back as she was saying this. Buffy grabbed her by the arm to stop her from going anywhere. "Willow, please." she said "Just try it, I guarantee you'll never want to use the bathroom again."

"I don't want to Buffy!" Willow snapped.

"Will, I'm about to wet my pants here." Buffy said.

"Yeah?" Willow said "Well so am I. And if we'd have just gone five minutes ago like we should have done, then we wouldn't be having this conversation."

"Willow, I won't be able to make it back" Buffy said "And if you're desperate as I am then you know that you have no choice. I'm peeing right here, right now. I suggest you do the same."

Before Buffy could say anything else, she squatted down and started peeing. She let out a sigh of relief, in an attempt to make Willow join her.

"Oh my god" she moaned "That's so good."

Her stream was coming out at full force, hitting the concrete ground and making a huge puddle. Willow looked at her watch, they had a minute left until the end of lunch. It was either pee there, or not pee at all. Watching Buffy do it disgusted her, but also made her desperation worse.

Willow said nothing, she just sighed, pulled her pants down and squatted down next to Buffy. Buffy was just finishing up when Willow decided to join her. Willow was not comfortable with this at all, in fact she couldn't make herself do it. She tried applying pressure, she tried closing her eyes and picturing waterfalls. It made her desperation worse, but it didn't make the pee come out. No matter how hard she tried, she just couldn't pee.

Buffy pulled her pants back up, and first looked at the puddle she had left in admiration. Then she looked down at Willow, which made Willow feel even more uncomfortable.

"See?" Buffy said "Not so bad is it?"

"I can't." Willow said, as she pulled her jeans and her panties back up. "I can't do it Buffy, I have to go and use the bathroom."

Willow started running back inside, when suddenly the bell went off, signifying the end of lunch. Willow was so desperate that she hadn't even considered going straight to class. This was an emergency. She would rather be given detention for being late than wet herself.

She ran through the corridor, narrowly dodging people as she made her way to the bathroom. She could feel it working its way down, ready to leak through at any second, but she could see the bathroom just fifteen feet away. She was almost there, she unbuttoned her jeans so to not waste time doing it in the bathroom stall.

The bathroom was so close now, she could start letting it out at any moment. All of a sudden, she felt someone grab her arm and stop her. It was Xander.

"Hey, Will." he said "You look terrified. What's going on?"

"I can't, Xander" she said, pulling away from him "I can't stop."

Just as she said this, she stopped in her tracks. Xander had made her loose her concentration, and she was unable to fight her bladder. She felt all the tension disappear as it all leaked out into her panties. Xander watched from behind as a dark patch appeared on the back of Willow's jeans, and started making its way down her legs, onto her shoes and started forming a puddle on the floor around her.

Willow burst into tears as everyone in the corridor watched this happen, but she didn't want to go anywhere. She knew there was no stopping it now, she wanted to finish there and then while she had the chance.

Willow never lived that day down. Buffy later explained to Willow that it was Faith who had suggested it to her. Willow was very forgiving, but Buffy felt so guilty about it that she quit urinating outside for good, even during patrol.

