Lilo and Stitch stories

Author: omofan77

*000*2013-10-06 20:00

I thought I'd try to turn some of my ideas from my other thread "choose your omo story" in roleplaying into fanfictions of my own. I have some ideas for characters and scenarios from Lilo and Stitch, so this thread has stories just on Lilo and Stitch. I'll likely start threads to hold stories on other characters from different shows in their respective threads, i.e. one place for Phineas and Ferb stories, one for Fairly Oddparents, etc. If anyone wants to post their own omorashi Lilo and Stitch stories, or make their own versions of my stories, they may use this thread.

Lilo and Nani headed out to the beach on a nice summer day. They had been busy with many things lately, Lilo with experiment hunting, Nani with work. But they both managed to get a day off, and today they were going to spend it at the beach. They spent much of the morning surfing and swimming. Nani noticed Lilo getting out of the water to go to the bathroom a couple times. As much as Nani tried to act as a responsible adult around Lilo, Nani couldn't help but think Lilo needing to go back to land to find a bathroom an inconvenient interruption to their fun in the water. Nani hadn't needed to pee while she was in the water for some time. She knew Lilo was younger and couldn't hold it as well as Nani could. She wondered.

"Could I have this kind of fun with her? I suppose it's alright to not act as adult all the time. After all, I am her sister, and I hope Lilo can see me more than a boring adult. They had lunch on the shore. As expected, Lilo drank a lot to stay hydrated on this summer day. Nani knew it wouldn't be long before Lilo needed to go again. "She might not like the idea of going in the ocean. I know how sensitive she is about the Pudge the Fish. Maybe if I go as well, it might help her, and I'll think of Pudge later." So Nani drank a lot as well, and soon they were back in the water. Nani watched Lilo closely. After catching a big wave, she noticed Lilo moving around on her board. "What is it?" asked Nani. "I just have to go to the bathroom," said Lilo. "Seeing all this water can really make have to go."

"I could use a bathroom break myself," said Nani. When began to move to shore, Nani asked, "Wouldn't you like to go in the water?" I can't do that," said Lilo. "Why not?" asked Nani. "There's no around, we're surrounded by water, and our suits are already wet."

"I don't want to go in Pudge's home," said Lilo. "Well," said Nani, "Pudge needs a bathroom in the ocean, and they're plenty of other fish that go in his home. Since you're so nice to him, do you think he'd mind you and me using his bathroom?"

"Maybe he wouldn't," thought Lilo. She slid into the water with Nani. Lilo felt tense at the touch of the ocean. "I can't go," she said. "Here," said Nani. "Stay close. I'll go first, and maybe that'll help." With that, Nani let go. It was a relief to finally pee, after holding it until Lilo needed to go. She couldn't help but enjoy the feeling of peeing in the ocean. It was a type of fun she hadn't had in a long time. Lilo felt the water become warm, and felt relaxed. She stopped worrying and felt her bladder relax. Lilo felt a wonderful feeling as the water warmed and she felt a great relief as she surrendered to the urge to go. At the end of the day, Lilo and Nani began to make their way home. "Using the bathroom in the ocean felt so fun and relaxing," said Lilo. "I know," said Nani. "I haven't done it in a while, and it was more fun and relaxing than I remembered." On the way back, Lilo asked "Can a ask a favor?"

"What is it?" asked Nani. "Since you can go to the bathroom anywhere, can you teach me that? Like if I have to go while looking for an experiment in the woods, on a nature trail, or when you're in the bathroom for hours?"

"I suppose it wouldn't hurt," Nani smiled. " It would be nice to have that kind of fun between the two of us." The two sisters suddenly felt closer than they had been for some time. To Lilo, it seemed that Nani had become much more fun to be around.

So ends my first story on this thread. If anyone wants to make their own version of this story, a continuation, or a different story, they may post here. I will make other stories from Lilo and Stitch soon, as well as stories with other characters from different shows soon. Another version of this story can be found in my other thread "choose your omo story" in roleplaying.

*003*2013-10-09 01:35

Does anyone know of any other ideas for desperation scenarios with Lilo and/or Nani, or Mytle and the other girls? I have a couple in mind, but I could use some suggestions to help get me started. Also, I'm wondering if the part of peeing in the ocean in the first story could be improved, like longer with more detail of the sensation. If anyone thinks I could do more with parts like that, I'd like to know how to make those scenes better. If anyone wants to write a better version of the part of peeing in the ocean, they can.

*004*2013-10-10 02:12

I think I couple ideas ready for this thread. I might go ahead and post them soon, and any suggestions for improvement or future stories will be welcome.

*007*2013-10-23 18:13

You can post whatever you want.

*011*2013-11-24 02:46

I appreciate the effort you put into the story. I hope to read and write more stories not just in this thread, but in my other story threads soon. I have been having writer's block for awhile. I do have some ideas, but it's hard to put the words down right now. I'd be happy to work with someone to write more. Maybe that'll help get more stories out.

*012*2013-12-27 20:43

I and one other user have come up with ideas for future stories for this thread. They will be up soon. I will still be open to ideas and willing to work with others on more. Unfortunately, I will be busy for a couple weeks in the new year and won't have much time for writing. Hopefully, there will be more stories up and I will have more time to write around mid January.

This post will ensure the thread will stay open long enough for the other stories to be posted and for me to write new material.

*013*2014-01-18 19:10

One morning before the events of Lilo and Stitch, Nani woke up. Lilo and Nani were going to be by themselves for the weekend while their parents were out. Nani decided to wake Lilo up. When she entered Lilo's room, Nani saw Lilo awake and looking sad. At first, Nani thought Lilo was sad about her parents going away, but when she Lilo wet all over, she understood. Without speaking to each other, the two sisters looked at each other. Then Nani gave a comforting smile, hugged Lilo, and helped her change.

Lilo didn't say much during breakfast, and later Nani decided to talk to her as she watched Lilo sit by herself. She sat close to Lilo for a minute before speaking. "You have nothing to be ashamed about. It's something everybody goes through when they're your age. Mon and dad went through it, I went through it, and we outgrew it, and I know you will too."

"How long?" asked Lilo. "Soon," said Nani. "In the meantime, maybe I can help fix your problem a bit."

Nani thought a moment before asking, "Were you feeling afraid last night that mom and dad were gone for the weekend? Did you dream about going to the bathroom? These things can affect the problem."

"Both," said Lilo. "I was thinking of yesterday on the way back from hula class."

"I saw," said Nani. "You went to the bathroom as soon as you got back. You must have held it for a long time and that's probably why it happened last night. You know Lilo, when you're by yourself and out in the woods, it might be better to try going there."

"I guess I'm just afraid," said Lilo. "I can help you overcome that fear," said Nani.

Later that day when both needed to the bathroom, Nani led Lilo to the backyard and went to a tree. "I don't know about this," said Lilo. "It's just us," said Nani. Besides, what's going to happen when by yourself in the woods? There's nothing to be afraid of. I'll go with you this time to help you." Lilo silently agreed. As Nani slid her shorts down, Lilo lifted her dress up and slid her underwear down. Soon both were in the perfect position. Nani reached out and touched Lilo's hand. The reassuring touch allowed Lilo to relax. She heard the sound of urine hitting the grass. The sound was pleasant and Lilo stopped worrying. The sound and feel of release was satisfying and relaxing. Nani joined in, also enjoying the sensation. She hadn't been able to do this for a long time. For a minute, both sisters peed into the grass and signed in relief. Lilo wondered how she could of been afraid of this.

The next time Lilo needed to go to the bathroom, Nani suggested she go outside by herself. Lilo thought for a moment. "Do I have to get in that position every time? Is there an easier way?" Nani came up with another idea and went with Lilo outside again. Once they stood in front of the tree, Nani said, "When you have shorts, you can just pull them down, but since you have a dress, you might want to pull it up and tuck it away." Lilo did so, also pulling her underwear all the way down. Nani then helped Lilo get into a perfect standing position, then stood next to her, sliding her shorts all the way down. Nani then peed, working to keep it in front. Lilo copied and both managed to keep it in front. Lilo enjoyed this way just as much, even more as she enjoyed watching their urine make foamy puddles in front of them. Afterwards, on the way back, Nani said, "Mon and dad won't be back until late tomorrow, so you can try it again tomorrow by yourself."

At bedtime, Nani suggested, "Why don't you sleep with me tonight? Maybe you won't be scared that mom and dad aren't here." When both got into Nani's bed, Nani noticed Lilo was on the other side. "Why don't you get closer? You'll feel more comfortable." But Nani realized the reason. "If you're afraid of last night happening again, I don't care. Maybe us being close will help. But either way it's ok." Lilo hesitated, then moved closer to Nani. Nani reached out and pulled Lilo into a hug. With Nani's arms still around Lilo, both fell asleep. The thought that Lilo could now go outside when she had, the comfort of being close to her sister, and a new appreciation for her helped Lilo be more at ease and helped her nighttime problem a lot.

*015*2014-02-07 20:22

It began when Myrtle, Elena, Teresa, and Yuki planned a tea party at Myrtle's house. When Myrtle decided to invite Victoria, Victoria insisted on bringing Lilo. Myrtle objected, but Victoria pointed out Myrtle had recently considered herself a part of Lilo's family. Myrtle insisted it was because of her pet Gigi, Experiment 007. Victoria pointed out Myrtle was a part of Lilo's family regardless. Finally Myrtle reluctantly agreed.

The 6 girls now were in the backyard. The tea made was green tea. Deciding to add a little flavor, a couple of the girls added some things, like dandelion and ginger. They weren't aware of the diuretic effects of each of item. The girls didn't say much for awhile. Myrtle was still a little haughty towards Lilo and the other girls tried not to force conversation. They focused on eating and drinking instead. As they watched the final tea drops come out, each girl could feel the effects of the strong tea. As they waited for a chance to go to the bathroom, Myrtle was first to get up. "I'll get some more after I go to the bathroom." She then went inside before any of the others could say anything. They knew it would be a long wait for them.

Myrtle came back out very quickly and sat down with a nervous look. "My mother's in the bathroom and will be there for awhile."

"But I have to go too," said Victoria. "Yeah," said Elena, Teresa, and Yuki. "Me too, but I feel bad for you, Myrtle," said Lilo. "There must be a way around this. Why don't we go somewhere else? Your mother doesn't have to know."

"Where?" the girls asked. "I want a private spot," said Myrtle. "Then we each find our own place," suggested Lilo. "The yard is a bit open," said Victoria. "Maybe one of us should go here. The rest of us will find somewhere inside. I think Lilo should take the yard. She came up with the idea, she should get the easiest." The girls decided not to argue. They went inside, leaving Lilo alone.

Lilo, by herself, went behind a tree. Lifting her dress and sliding her underwear down, she lowered herself and relaxed. She heard the gentle sound of urine hitting the grass and sighed in relief as her bladder drained and the pressure lifted. She relaxed and focused on the yellow puddle in front of her, amusing herself watching it grow and become bubbly. It was always fun and relaxing to pee outside for Lilo now. Having finished, she got dressed and went to wait for the other girls.

Myrtle locked her bedroom door and looked around. It was the only place she would find a private spot, she reasoned. She needed a spot where a stain wouldn't be noticed. There was a large circular carpet in the room. Part of it went under the bed. Mom hasn't looked under the bed or changed the carpet in a long time, she thought. Decided, she got under the bed. Crouching, she got her shorts off and peed onto the carpet. Her stream was very long and she wondered how it would look. She tried not to think about it as she allowed her urine to flow freely. Once the final drops stopped, Myrtle got out. The stain couldn't be seen from any angle except under the bed. Satisfied no one would find out, she pulled her shorts on and went outside.

Victoria was alone in the hallway. As she walked, she paused by a potted plant. It might work, she thought. Getting behind the plant, Victoria saw it hid her completely. She slid her shorts down and got in a near sitting position. She let a few drops out into the soil and waited. There were no other sounds, she was alone. Hoping to go quickly, she relaxed as much as possible. Urine gushed out, drenching the spot quickly. She wasn't sure about this, but it felt so good. She breathed out, the relief washing over her. She felt pee splash on her a little bit, but when she assessed the damage, there were only a few drops on her shorts. The back of plant was dripping all over, but it was only on the back. As long as no one turned it around for a bit, no one would know. Victoria then slipped out and went to find Lilo.

Elena, Teresa, and Yuki found their way in the kitchen. They debated if they could go in here and each came up with a way. Elena found a towel. Once her shorts and underwear were off, she pressed the towel between her legs. The sound of peeing was muffled in the towel, but it lasted for about the minute. Once dressed, she took the soaked towel and put it with the laundry. Yuki took the towel and used it as lining for the wastebasket in the room. Gripping both sides, she positioned herself directly in the center and allowed everything to flood out. She kept a tight hold, but relaxed a little, letting the stream become larger and faster. Fully relieved, she took the towel and put it back where Elena placed it.

Teresa, now alone, filled the sink. Once full, she lowered her shorts and positioned herself just over the water. She let go, the sound of urine hitting the water. Teresa sighed with relief and looked down. The water took on a slightly yellow color, and she could see her pee spreading the color. Finally done, she dressed and drained the sink. There were no traces of the yellow water left. Relieved that she had peed as much as needed and that the sink didn't look any different, Teresa joined the other girls. They all shared stories of their solutions, glad they could tell each other without anyone else finding out. They felt a good bond between them now, even Myrtle and Lilo.

*017*2014-02-16 18:41

Nice story. Had some nice humor to it. I look forward to writing or reading stories centered around this. Maybe something something with the other girls next time. I know you were given a idea involving Link. If you get time to write that, I look forward to that as well.

Nice story. Had some nice humor to it. I look forward to writing or reading stories centered around this. Maybe something something with the other girls next time. I know you were given a idea involving Link. If you get time to write that, I look forward to that as well.

