My Sorority initiation (not my work)

Author: LucyDL

*000*2018-10-09 14:05

(i found this online a few years ago i noticed it was not here so i thought i would upload it, i forgot the site that i found it on, if anyone recognizes the story and uploader can you tell me so i can credit them properly)

NOTES

> i have made some changes to make this story more appealing to myself

> this story contains wetting (pants and diapers)

> this story contains messing (diaper only and will have a warning beforehand)

> this story contains softcore sexual content

> i have added chapter markers to make it easier to read in multiple sittings (original didnt have them)

My Sorority Initiation

CHAPTER 1

My wife suggested that I write to you about my experience in college. My name is Kim or Kimberly as I am sometimes called. I attended a Midwest university where I was a member of a large sorority. What makes my story interesting is that it was my initiation into the sorority that changed my life forever. Not only did I meet my wife during the process (yes im lesbian), but I also discovered that I get extremely turned on by being in humiliating situations, especially where wetting and diapers are concerned.

Sororities and fraternities on my campus were no longer allowed to participate in any hazing activities that would harm pledges. I thought that this anti-hazing policy was a great idea when I decided to pledge a sorority during my freshman year. What I didn't realize is that the Greek system on campus still practiced initiations, especially during "hell week," that were very humiliating. As long as no one got injured, the university allowed sororities and fraternities to pretty much do anything they wanted to their pledges.

After going to several rush parties, I decided to pledge the most popular sorority on campus. The sorority had a gorgeous house, the girls were all very outgoing and pretty, and it seemed that all of the frats loved this particular sorority. I received a bid to pledge the sorority and anxiously attended my first meeting to meet the other pledges and current members.

Things were pretty much as I expected. The girls were extremely nice, drinks flowed freely, and yes, there were plenty of guys from our "big brother" fraternity house. (This frat was informally linked to our sorority for many activities.) I was glad I made my decision and could not wait to go through the month long process to become a member.

The following day, all of the sorority pledges were asked to attend a meeting at the house to learn more about the sorority and the process for becoming a member. The "friendly" sorority sisters began to exhibit a whole new attitude. We were immediately talked down to and it became very clear that we were going to go through some pretty tough things before we would become members. We were to treat all current members as queens. In other words, whatever any of the members wanted, we were to immediately respond to their request. Further, we were each assigned a sorority "Mom" and a fraternity "Dad" who would "look out for us" and "help us" through the membership process.

At first things were not bad. We had to clean rooms in the sorority house, make many of the meals, and we served food and drinks at our parties. However, my sorority Mom, Janet, was particularly demanding and took a lot of pride in making me work extra hard to please her, just because we are in a relationship doesn't mean I'm getting off easy. If any of the members didn't accept us, we would not be offered membership status at the end of the month. Needless to say, we all worked very hard for the approval of the members.

It was also during this time that I met my fraternity Dad, Chris. Chris was extremely handsome, caring, and yes, very assertive. What I didn't realize was that my sorority Mom and Fraternity Dad talked frequently about my progress and would often plot ways to make my pledge experience as trying and humiliating as possible. Again, everything progressed pretty much as I expected until "hell week" started. (Hell week was the last step before membership.)

At the start of hell week all of the pledges were brought together to discuss the week's activities. We were told that we lost ALL of our rights during the week and that we would be put through many humiliating experiences. We had to basically sign away our rights in a "document of understanding." I don't think any of us had any idea what was in store for us and each one of us signed the document. We were told that our Greek "Mom" and "Dad" would monitor our progress during the week at all times. Each day would bring on more and more challenges that we would have to complete or we would not become members. The end of the week would finish with a large sorority/fraternity party and at the party we would learn if we passed the tests to become new members.

The first night started very harmlessly. Our pledge class was divided into 6 groups of three girls each. I liked the other two girls on my team, Heather and Amy. We were to be in our teams throughout the week and we were told that the teams who received the least amount of points would receive harder treatment. The first event seemed to be pretty tame. We were to play a type of scavenger hunt where each team was given a list of items to find. The team who came back first received the most points, but all teams had to complete the list before they were allowed to return to the sorority house.

The list for the scavenger hunt was weird, but this being hell week, none of us thought too much of it at first, and we anxiously set off to be the first team back to the house. Each team's list was practically the same, but we did not know that at first. Our list contained the following items: a package of diaper pins; 3 baby bottles; 3 lengths of thin chain each 26" long; a roll of clear packing tape; a large package of "overnight" adult disposable diapers; 3 short plaid skirts; 3 pairs of spandex shorts in our sizes; a package of small luggage sized locks with keys; 3 diaper bags; sleeper-styled pajamas one size below each of our sizes; permanent marking pens and several other silly items. Yes, it was a weird list, and one that would take some time to find all of the items.

It seemed obvious that somehow we would be expected to wear the items on our scavenger hunt list, but none of us could really see much connection between some of the items. And why were there so many baby items on the list? We went to the hardware store to get the 3 chains and found a package of very small locks as well. The drug store had many of the items, including the adult disposable diapers. That was the most embarrassing item to buy. I found my heart racing when I went through the humiliation of buying the diapers from the store clerk. He asked, "Are these diapers for you big girls?" We laughed and said, "You never know." Next, we went to a department store and found the clothes items we needed. Having completed our list, we hurried back to the sorority house and found that we had come in first place among the teams.

With all other teams returned. We were all laughing, drinking and having a great time relating our stories about how we found all of our items. The night ended somewhat abruptly when the President of our sorority, Nicole, came in and announced that we all better go to bed because class would come early the next morning. She went on to say that we should all be showered by 7:00AM and to put on our new plaid mini skirts for class. I couldn't get it out of my mind that tomorrow could bring on something wild and crazy.

Before falling asleep, my sorority "mom," Janet, called me to wish me well and said that she was looking forward to seeing her "baby" tomorrow. I don't think she ever called me "baby" and I was certain that she meant more than she actually said. Before drifting off to sleep, I thought about the diapers I purchased with my teammates. I had a diaper experience several years earlier in High School. I was babysitting, and decided to fold and pin three cloth diapers on myself to see what it felt like. I even tried to wet the diapers, but found it impossible to intentionally wet myself.

Eventually, I poured two glasses of warm water down the front of my diaper to experience the feeling of wearing a wet diaper. The experience unexpectedly turned me on. I felt so naughty wearing a wet diaper. It was a little hard to walk around, but it was such an incredible feeling to have the warm, wet diaper between my legs. I ended up lying on the floor with my hand down the front of my soaking wet diaper and I played with myself until I exploded in a fantastic climax. I thought that tomorrow could be interesting...

I woke up, showered and then dressed in my little plaid skirt and bike shorts that I purchased the night before. The pledges were told to dress like little schoolgirls and I did my best to comply. I even put my long blond hair into two ponytails so that I looked the part. We had all spent the night at the sorority house. When we came downstairs, we were immediately told to line up for inspection. Several of us were told that our skirts were too long, me included. I couldn't believe that my skirt was too long! I was given a new skirt right on the spot and told to change in front of the other pledges. This skirt was extremely short, but I dared not to complain. When we all passed inspection, we thought we could go on our way to class. It would be embarrassing dressed as little schoolgirls, but worst things could happen.

Before being dismissed from our line, our sorority president, Nicole, told us to remove our panties and give them to her. Next, we were told to get with our teammates from the night before so that we could do a diapering exercise. There were lots of questions, but our president scolded us to "Shut up and do as we were told!" Each group gathered in the same room and the bags of disposable diapers we purchased the night before were brought out to each team. We were then instructed to take turns putting a diaper on each girl on our team.

If the diaper was put on wrong or too loose, we would receive point deductions. (Points were going to mean a lot.) How embarrassing! There was giggling and even some mild protests, but in the end, we all wanted to become part of the sorority and proceeded to put the diapers on each other. It wasn't hard to do, just very humiliating. I had never lied down naked in front of a girl, especially to be diapered. Everyone finished and we again formed our inspection line. The sorority president proceeded to go down the line and inspect each of our diapers. All but one girl passed the inspection. This poor girl was told to remove her diaper and a fellow sorority sister proceeded to give her 5 whacks with a sorority paddle. The girl was quickly diapered by one of her teammates again, and it looked like the diaper was very tight this time.

Our sorority president, Nicole, gave us some more instructions.

"I know what you are thinking...As soon as you leave for class you are going to take your diapers off so that you don't have to wear them out in public."

"Well, you can all forget about that!"

"Bring me the packing tape the girls bought last night." While still standing in line, each of us was asked one at a time to raise our skirts. One of the sorority members then placed a small piece of packing tape over the tapes on the disposable diaper.

"No longer will you be able to remove the diaper without the plastic being torn!"

"If you come back to the house without your diaper on, you will fail your initiation!"

"Any questions?" Being bold, I asked, "What should we do if we need to use the restroom?" Nicole said, "There is bad news and good news."

"The bad news is you are wearing your toilet!"

"The good news is that you can return to the house between 12 noon and 1:00pm to either use the bathroom, or if you deserve it - you will receive a diaper change!"

Our president, Nicole wet on, "Before we let you waddle off to class, there are just a few more instructions." We were each handed a 1L bottle of water and told to drink it as quickly as possible. Again, points were given to the 3-girl team that finished all of their bottles first. It was obvious to all of us that they wanted us to leave for class with the disturbing thought that our bladders may not make it until 12 noon when we could return to the safety of our sorority house. Amy, Heather and I finished the water bottles first. What made things more difficult is all of us had plenty of coffee to drink before the diapering began. I can only speak for myself, but I needed to pee because i didn't get the chance to go before waking up, there was no chance i would make it.

Nicole continued with her commands.

"Now, Just one more thing to wear to class this morning."

"We have purchased custom leggings for each of you. "We have added your name and our sorority Greek letters to the bottom of each pair of leggings." For example, Kim, your pants say, "Baby Kimberly" along with our sorority letters."

"Don't look so shocked!"

"You will appreciate these pants if anyone decides to take a peek. " Nicole then had one of the sorority sisters hand each of us our monogrammed leggings and we were instructed to put them on over the disposable diapers and spandex shorts we were wearing. I kicked off my shoes and began to pull the leggings up over my white knee socks. As I continued to pull them up my legs, I felt myself getting aroused. I finished pulling them over my diapered bottom and I noticed how snug they felt around my waist and thighs. I can only describe the feeling as secure and strangely erotic.

"OK, that should do it until noon."

"I am sure I don't have to tell you to be back at noon, you are all wearing a little reminder."

"At noon we will have a few more surprises, but I think you are all set to enjoy your morning classes."

CHAPTER 2

We were free to go to class, but how could we go out in public. I asked my fellow teammates if you could tell what I was wearing under my skirt. They told me that it was obvious my skirt just barely covered my diapered bottom and the leggings did show a significant bulge, but that unless I bent over, I would probably be able to keep my diaper a secret. The other girls were in the same predicament. We then proceeded to leave for class with our fellow team members. Safety in numbers or so we thought. However, walking to class dressed as young schoolgirls drew attention and many stares. I couldn't help but think that everyone could hear my diaper crinkle as I took each step.

I did not expect how much this whole situation would excite me. I think it was the risk of getting caught and humiliated that got me so sexually charged. Also, ever since I put on a diaper way back in High School during my babysitting job, I wanted to recreate the excitement I felt of having a diaper between my legs. I still remember vividly the feeling of walking to class with the diaper pressing tightly between my legs. As we walked to class, we couldn't stop talking about the predicament we were in. One thing was certain; we all were going to stick this out. None of us were quitters and we wanted the sorority membership badly.

I got to my first class and took a seat at the back of the class. I received a lot of stares, but dressed as a little schoolgirl, I was not surprised. Sororities and Fraternities always made their pledges do and wear strange things during hell week, so it wasn't as strange as it may seem to come to class, as I was dressed. This was the first time I ever sat down with a diaper on. I was constantly reminded by the padding between my legs that I was diapered! My sorority Mom, Janet, took the same economics course and she came in and sat down beside me like she always did.

"You are looking especially cute today," Janet said. She was really starring a hole through me and I thought that she might know something about what I was secretly wearing underneath my skirt. Still she did not let on.

I prayed that the professor would not call on me to go up to the board and I was thankful that he did not. When the class ended, Janet offered to walk me to my next class. Of course I agreed, but thought it a little strange that she would choose today to walk so far out of her way. There was no way she could not have seen my padded rump and I was still sure that she knew more than she was saying. When I got to my class, Janet patted my bottom as I turned to leave.

"See you later Baby." I about died. I really loved Janet, but our relationship was still at the beginning stages, and I certainly did not want her to see me in diapers outside the sorority house!!!

As I sat in my second period class, I reflected on Janet. All of a sudden the pressure in my bladder became too intense to bear and i flooded my diaper right there in my seat, It was only 10:20AM so I had plenty of time to kill before I could return to the sorority house. I tried to put the wetness out of my mind. My fellow pledge, Amy, was in this same class and we sat together. We both looked at each other and without saying anything; we both knew that we were getting pretty uncomfortable, but she was still dry!

I watched as Amy kept squirming in her seat. There was something so incredibly exciting about the situation we found ourselves in. On the one hand, I was scarred that if I was called to the front, I would die of humiliation. But on the other hand, I was sexually charged by the feelings I was experiencing, and I felt secure knowing that I had a secret under my skirt that would keep me protected. (To this day, I get excited by secretly wearing a diaper under my clothes while I'm out in public.) Amy passed me a note that said, "I just let a little go in my diaper and I feel so much better!" I couldn't believe it. Here were two grown college women sitting in class passing notes about wetting themselves! I responded by telling her I was already wet and it felt like a lake between my legs.

The class seemed to last forever, but it finally ended and we stood up to walk out. That is when it really hit me. Standing and walking made me have to pee again. Amy and I walked out together and immediately went over to a bench to talk and figure out what we were going to do next. Above everything, we wanted to make sure that we didn't run into anyone we knew. I asked Amy what it felt like to wet her diaper in class and if her diaper was really wet. Strangely, Amy said that the feeling of letting go was such a relief that it felt great. I told here that i tried to hold it but i couldnt and ended up losing control about 20 min into the 1hr class

She noticed i had to pee again and she told me to "Lean over the bench a little and just relax your muscles." I did as she said. I tried to let just a little pee out, but I had to pee so badly that my damn burst! Once I started, I could not stop. I stood with my legs slightly spread and leaned over the back of the bench. I began to wet myself uncontrollably. Immediately I was worried of being discovered or that my diaper would not hold all of my pee.

The feeling was frightening and tremendous all at the same time! I had never purposely wet myself, and even though I had accidents like all kids growing up, I certainly had never intentionally wet myself while wearing a disposable diaper. As I let go, the warm wet feeling seemed to race through my entire diaper making it even more wet in the crotch. I was overcome with relief and excitement. The feeling was so intense I came very close to having an orgasm. Amy held my hand the whole time in support of what I was going through. She said, "Now that was not too bad was it?" I couldn't hide my emotions and told her it felt wonderful.

Now we had the problem of not being discovered. It was after 11:00AM and we did not have another class until later in the afternoon. We decided to start walking slowly back to the sorority house. Amy told me that she was getting good at releasing a little pee with each step that she took. We laughed at how our diapers were getting so heavy and that we really felt like we waddled rather than walked. We passed a group of our sorority sisters and some fraternity members from Chris's frat. One of the boys said, "Be careful not to get wet, it looks like it could rain." And then they all giggled. It was a bright sunny day so Amy and I knew that the comment was made to tease and humiliate us. We finally arrived at the sorority house, but the front door had a note telling us to wait outside until all of the babies returned.

One by one our fellow pledges showed up to the house. Finally, our fellow teammate, Heather, showed up and we asked her the question everyone was asking.

"So, were you able to stay dry?" Heather whispered that she wet her diaper, but then removed it in the bathroom. She had to deliver a speech in her communications class and she couldn't risk being discovered. She thought about buying another diaper to hide the fact that she had removed her wet diaper, but she thought she would just show up here and explain what happened. By now all of the pledges/babies had arrived. One girl, Linda, was dancing around trying to hold it in. Linda was the only girl who had managed to stay dry.

She looked so funny with her hands held tightly between her legs as she hopped up and down. We all were laughing at her and ourselves for being such little babies. I am not sure who got the idea, but we all grabbed Linda and wrestled her to the ground. We were not going to have her miss the pleasure of a wet diaper! We showed her no mercy. We held her down and began to tickle her all over her feet, stomach and neck. She rolled around laughing uncontrollably. All at once she stopped her struggling so we stopped our tickling. With her hands clutched between her legs, Linda drenched her diaper in front of all of us. She kept yelling, "Oh my gosh, Oh my gosh!" It seemed like Linda peed forever! It was funny to watch and we all could not stop laughing. We did not notice that the front door opened and we were all told in a very stern voice to get in and line up!

CHAPTER 3

Finally at 11:30AM our sorority president and several of the sisters began the inspection. Everything the sorority did to us that week was designed to embarrass us and bring us together as a pledge class. One at a time we had to lift our skirts and pull down our leggings to show that the packing tape was still on and that we had not tampered with our diapers in any way. Once examined, a sorority sister pulled down pants and we stepped out of them. A pair of scissors was then used to cut the tape and she untaped the diaper so it fell to the floor with one big plop. All was going well until they stopped at Heather.

Heather had her leggings on, but no diaper. She tried to explain why she removed her wet diaper, but our president would not hear of any excuses. Heather was told that she would be given another chance but that our team would either loose all of our points or she would wear the wet diaper of the wettest sorority sister. I was standing next to Heather, so I grabbed her hand to let her know that it was all right. and that we would support her decision if she chose to lose all our points instead of sitting in another girls wetness.

Before being dismissed for a bathroom break, we were told about the remaining activities for the day. We would be allowed to use the bathroom, but only to 12:00pm. At that time we were all to come back downstairs where we would again be diapered for the afternoon. Finally, we were told that we were all going uptown that evening to attend a private party at one of the bars with guys from our "big brother" fraternity. With a twinkle in her eye, our president said, "I think you will enjoy the baby games!"

"Dismissed!"

We all went to the bathroom. I managed to poop, so that I would not have to worry about that problem later on. We all shared stories of our morning in diapers. As intended, this common experience somehow got us closer together as a pledge class. We figured that our cute little uniforms and diapered bottoms must have gotten around much of the campus. None of us were excited about going back to class during the afternoon and facing the humiliation we were sure to face. I thought I would cut my class.

We met promptly at 1:00pm as told. We were still in our little, schoolgirl outfits, but were waiting further instructions when our sorority president came back in to address us.

"Nothing will change this afternoon except for one small detail."

"Remember the marking pens you purchased?"

"Each of you will be given a permanent marking pen to take with you this afternoon."

"I am going to ask you to secure three signatures from the guys at our 'big brother' fraternity." I was thinking to myself that this requirement would be embarrassing dressed the way we were, but still, it didn't seem so bad. How wrong I was! Our president went on to say, "I want the three signatures to be signed on the back of the disposable diaper that you will be wearing."

"You may save yourself some embarrassment if you can obtain the signatures while you are still dry!" We all panicked, but knew we had no choice. We then were instructed to lye down, and each of us was again diapered and put back into our plastic baby pants. This time a piece of clear packing tape was tightly wrapped all the way around each girl's diaper at her waist so that there could be absolutely no way of sneaking the diaper off and then back on.

"Be back sharply at 5:00PM for bathroom privileges and preparation for tonight's party."

"I almost forgot, I want each of you to drink a large coffee and bottle of water before you leave this room, Heather has to drink 2 because of her disregard for the rules today."

"I will personally make sure that this is done!"

"Hurry, or you will be late to class."

Heather, Amy and Kim, before you go, have you decided what will happen regarding Heather's mistake?

Wet diaper or loss of all points?

Il wear Amy's wet diaper Heather said submissively

We took Amy's soaked diaper and put it on heather very tightly as instructed by Janet (her intention was to punish Heather by making it as tight as possible)

Heather tensed her legs as the still warm wetness was squished into her lady parts while we did the tapes, she whimpered a little as Janet pulled her leggings up extra tight.

The first thing I did after leaving the sorority house was to call Chris and ask for his help. I gave it a lot of consideration, but I knew that I needed him to help me secure the signatures. I thought it would be a little less embarrassing if I had him sign my diaper and get two of his frat brothers to sign too. I did not tell Chris over the phone why I wanted to meet him. Chris agreed to meet me at the student union on campus. When I arrived, Chris was already there. We got a booth in the restaurant and Chris ordered two large drinks before I could say that I was not thirsty. I was having trouble bringing up the topic. How do you tell a boy that likes you that you are wearing a diaper, and "oh by the way, could you and your frat brothers sign it?".

"So you need a few signatures?" He already knew the question I was trying to ask, but how much else did he know?

We must have been in that booth for over an hour. I got a "wake-up" call from my bladder and I knew that I was very full but not in immediate danger of wetting myself. Chris paid the bill and we started to walk towards his fraternity house.

We went into his bedroom with two other guys who were "in the know" about our sorority's initiation. Needless to say, they agreed to sign my disposable diaper. I have never been so humiliated. I bent over Chris's bed and he pulled down my leggings to my knees. Each of the boys signed my diapered butt with the marker. I was getting to know that the more I got humiliated, the more excited I became. I was getting so excited, but I could not let on in front of all the guys.

I decided to leave as soon as i got the signatures so i didn't have to wet myself in front of the guys, after leaving i called Janet so we could go out on a date

She agreed and we met at the campus diner, she was waiting when i got there and i sat down next to her, she immediately put her hand on my thigh and kissed me, i tried to close my legs so i didn't wet myself, but she told me to keep them open, after about a minute of making out we pressed the button to call the waitress who came almost immediately and took our order, i of course was given lots of drinks during the date (not that i needed it) about 10 min into our date i asked Janet if i could use the bathroom as i needed to pee so much.

She told me "just sit there and shut up" with that i relaxed my bladder and wet myself in my seat, the diaper didnt leak but next time i will have to lift myself up and let it soak into the back or it might.

Half an hour later i noticed Janet was squirming in her seat, i asked her whats wrong? "does little Janet need the potty?" i saw her get a little mad and she undid her jeans, peed in her empty paper cup and proceeded to pour it into my diaper, i lifted off the seat a bit so it would soak into the back which was still dry, when i sat back down i felt her wetness spread into my crotch and up my back a little, she said "next time i wont let you lift yourself up" before she kissed me again

It was getting close to 5:00pm and I knew that I had to get back to the sorority house. I asked Janet to hold me while I stood and I let go in my diaper one more time. She teased me and said, "If you didn't have to keep your diaper on, I would take you over my knee and spank you for being such a naughty girl." I told her, "Next time I hope you do!" (Secretly, I always wanted to be spanked.) A new problem had emerged. I had now soaked my diaper twice and it had reached its limit. When I sat down to retie my shoes, I could feel the pee escape to my leggings. Some of my pee even dribbled down my leg. This was quite embarrassing to say the least. Janet continued to tease me...

"So my baby is very wet and needs her diaper changed." So that I could get on my way, Janet helped me stuff several paper towels down the front and back of my diaper. Thankfully, she drove me over to the sorority house so that I did not have to waddle back.

"See you soon, Baby!"

It was 5:00pm, all of the pledges/babies were back and we were again lined up for our diaper inspection. Once again our sorority president took over.

"I see that all of you kept your diapers on and have passed the inspection."

"We have a lot of wet little girls I see."

>>>>WARNING MESSING<<<<<

"And 'baby Sara,' what do I smell?" I felt so bad for Sara. It was obvious by the distinct odor that she had messed her diaper. Since embarrassment and not pain was being used to initiate us, Sara was humiliated to the max. Our president said, "We are going to give Sara a break and not make her wear her messy diaper tonight to the party."

"So please babies, gather around while Sara is changed." Sara was instructed to lye down on the long coffee table that was in the center of the room. There were always plenty of the sorority sisters present to witness everything going on. Sara protested, but everyone clapped in unison to encourage her. Two sorority sisters held her hands, two more held her legs, and her sorority Mom got the "honor" of changing her messy diaper. Quickly her diaper was removed, and she was thoroughly cleaned with diaper wipes. Normally, Sara was the most outspoken pledge, but this experience was very humbling to say the least, and Sara was careful not to give any of the sorority girls any attitude. We all felt Sara's embarrassment. This experience took humiliation to a whole new level and none of us wanted to step out of line.

>>>>MESSING FINISHED<<<<

A new diaper was put on Sara because all of us were going to be given a short break from our diapers. We were instructed to take a quick shower (45 minutes) and to come back downstairs dressed in our diapers and non-hip hugging jeans and a sweater. As usual, we would learn what was to happen next when we returned. Why jeans and a sweater? Why couldn't they be hip hugging jeans? Were we graduating from our baby status? We were only told things one-step at a time. Psychologically, this kept us all at a high state of anxiety.

CHAPTER 4

We all quickly took showers, put on our diapers and returned downstairs to once again form our line to wait for our president's instructions. It was still several hours before the party. Nicole finally began to tell us about the rest of the evening's activities.

"First, I want to say that most of you pledge babies are doing very good at passing your initiation tests."

"Tonight you will be receiving a major test of your will to become a member of the sorority."

"None of you will be asked to do anything that is physically impossible or that will physically hurt you in any way."

"In this regard, the decision to become a member is totally yours...ask yourselves, how bad do you want membership?" She really played the drill sergeant routine to the max. We had to answer all of her questions in unison. If we were slow to answer, she was all over us.

"I see you are all wearing jeans and a sweater as instructed."

"I am going to ask baby Jill to step forward so that I can demonstrate an addition we are making to all of your wardrobes." Jill stepped forward, but I could tell that she was frightened to death. Our president had one of the sorority sisters walk up to Jill with a length of chain.

"Do any of you recognize this chain from your scavenger hunt last night?"

"That's right, all of you conveniently bought one." The sorority sister took the slim chain and worked it through Jill's belt loops until both ends hung down in front of her pants. There were just a couple of extra links to spare. Next, our President walked up to Jill and took a hold of each end of the chain in her hands. She then proceeded to produce one of the small locks that also came from our scavenger hunt. She pulled the chain very tight around Jill's waist. I had never noticed before, but there is a little hole in the pull-tab that zips up the zipper on most jeans. She proceeded to put the lock through this tiny hole and then snapped the lock shut to the two ends of the chain.

"Jill, can you please demonstrate to the other pledges how quickly you can remove your jeans." Jill tried to slip her jeans off, but without being able to unzip them or remove the chain from around her waist, she could not remove her pants, no matter how hard she tried. I thought...so this was why the jeans had to fasten around our waists and not our hips.

"As you can see pledges, Jill is a prisoner of her own jeans!"

"They will only be removed when her sorority Mom or Fraternity Dad chooses to unlock them."

"That is right, each of you will be locked into your jeans and your sorority Mom and fraternity Dad will be the only key holders"

"But don't fret, you will not have to stay locked up all night."

"In fact, you will only be kept this way for the next three hours while we eat dinner and get ready for tonight."

"Since your Mom and Dad hold unique keys to your jeans, you had better plan on being very agreeable to their demands or you may not be able to remove your jeans when you need to remove them." Having been wet earlier in the day, we all knew what she meant by her snide comment.

With that, all of us were locked into our jeans. We were instructed to try and remove our jeans, but it was useless. The chains and locks were very effective, and because we were wearing sweaters, no one could tell that we were locked into our own pants. ...So what humiliation would this latest twist bring, I wondered.

Our president continued to lecture us.

"During the next three hours you are the property of your Greek Mom and Dad."

"Some of you will probably be taken out shopping for an outfit to wear to tonight's party." She went on to explain that we were all going to wear an outfit to the party that was specifically selected for us by our Mom and Dad.

"There are only two additions that I am going to make to your dress attire for this evening's party."

"First, in keeping with today's theme, you will be required to wear a diaper with your outfit."

"It seems that all of you have a real need to wear diapers based on your performances today."

"Second, you will all be required to wear a dog collar and leash at all times during the party."

"If your sorority Mom or Fraternity Dad is not holding your leash at any time during the evening, you will be punished for trying to escape."

"The only exception to this leash law is if you are participating in one of the games that requires you to be off of your leash or if your Mom or Dad has decided to secure you by your leash to some immovable object because they have grown tired of you."

"So, if I were you, I would make sure that I was securely being held by my leash at all times and not walking around free."

"Come back here sharply in three hours and we will leave as a group to the party."

"Like I said, each of you will be dressed in an outfit that was specifically chosen for you, plus you will be in diapers, a dog collar, and led by a leash."

The diapers we were told were to teach us to be dependent on our fellow sorority members. The collar was to signify our close bond to the sorority. And the leash was to show that we accepted sorority leadership. We were to learn humility through this.

Our sorority Moms approached each one of us. My Mom lifted my sweater to check and make sure that my locked waist chain was tight and secure. She was convinced that I would not be able to take my pants off without her help.

CHAPTER 5

"We were instructed to select an outfit for you that matches your personality or interests."

"For example, since I am on the gymnastics team, when I was pledging, I wore my gymnastics outfit to the party." I asked Jan if she wore a diaper, collar and leash with the outfit. She told me that she did, but she also said that my pledge class was getting off easy compared to how they were treated. However, she was quick to add that hell week was not over yet...

Jan and I met Chris at a nice Italian restaurant. We sat and had a couple of glasses of wine while we talked. I was not allowed to talk unless specifically told to speak. However, Jan and Chris talked about me like I was not even there. I would have been mad at Janet, but I knew that it was all being done in fun, and anyway, I was madly in love with her. They discussed my diaper wearing from earlier in the day and said I was a natural. They also talked about an appropriate costume for the party. I could tell that they were trying to get my reaction to each costume they discussed. Chris suggested that I would look cute as a baby girl, especially since I was going to be in diapers. Jan said that I might look cute dressed as an animal given the collar and leash I would be wearing.

They agreed that it would be nice to find a collar and leash that would match the color of my outfit. They agreed that sleeper pajamas would look cute. They continued to talk about me in all kinds of embarrassing references. Janet never went into detail about our sexual episode that occurred earlier in the day and I appreciated her for that. Throughout dinner I was required to drink plenty of fluids in preparation for the party. When I started to complain, Jan reminded me of who held the keys to my locked pants.

Chris said, "You wouldn't want to have an accident in this restaurant or in the mall, would you?" I got their point. I meekly asked if I could use the ladies room before we left the restaurant to go shopping. After some discussion, Chris said that if I finished my glass of wine, and drank three glasses of water, they would unlock me long enough to use the facilities. I had to go badly and so I agreed to his demand (like I had a choice). I quickly drank all of the fluids and Chris kept his word and reached over and unlocked my jeans.

I went to the ladies room but i didnt make it though and i flooded my diaper before i could get my jeans off. I could tell that I had just burst my damn, so to speak. When I drink a lot of liquids, I am fine until the first time I pee. After that first pee, I need to go all of the time. This had me worried, . Janet met me outside the lady's room and took joy in relocking my jeans.

"I just love having this control over you."

"It is like keeping you in a chastity belt - for my use only." I am a very independent woman, but being talked to in this manner excited me. It is a strange dichotomy. Because I am so independent, I love when I am made to be subordinate. When I am not in control, I can more freely express my sexuality with no inhibitions. The three of us walked over to the mall.

Shopping did not take too long. At that time there was a Fredrick's of Hollywood in the mall. We went into the store and Chris walked us over to some pretty wild clothing. The two of them took turns holding up various outfits to me in order to see how scandalous they looked. Again, I was to be quiet and do as I was told. Jan told the shop girl that we were looking for a very outlandish outfit for me to wear to a pretty kinky party. She took us over to a rack that had all the outrageous styles. There were clothes made of leather, plastic, vinyl, and anything else you could imagine.

Several outfits were selected with the help of the clerk. I was directed to the back of the store so that I could begin the one-person style show. Chris unlocked my jeans and I took the first outfit into the fitting room. I was given a clear plastic skirt. It was slightly pleated, very short, and you could see right through it. Not practical, but that was clearly not the point. I put the skirt on and was shocked by how I looked in the mirror. My diaper clearly showed through the plastic. I am sure that to most guys this was a very sexy look. When I stepped out of the dressing room, I got the confirmation from Jan that I looked hot. The clerk talked to Jan and Chris about how well it fitted, etc.

I went in the back to put the next outfit on, but this time I snuck over to the restroom that was next to the fitting room and quickly used it. I was sure glad that I had found the restroom before another "accident" would have occurred. (What I didn't know was that Jan saw me go in to use the bathroom) The outfit I was given was a very short, red, pair of vinyl, hot pants and a matching red, vinyl top that looked like a corset. When I put it on it made me feel so naughty. It was funny because in a way I felt more exposed by these clothes than if I was parading around naked. I tried on a couple of more items and was told to get back into my jeans. Jan paid for the items while I was still getting dressed, so I was unable to see all of the clothes they decided to buy me.

I came out of the dressing room and Chris greeted me with an open lock. He snapped the lock back on the chain around my waist. I was once again a prisoner in my own jeans. We left the store and Jan got me a large coke to drink while we finished our shopping. Jan said, "So how was the bathroom in the store...was it clean?" I almost died.

"After we finish our shopping, I have a little surprise for you, but this time I am not going to let you out of my site." Chris called someone on his cell phone and I could tell that he was making some arrangements.

The next store we visited was a pet store. We walked over to a wall that displayed collars. They had every collar imaginable. Again a clerk came over to help us. Talk about embarrassing...Chris had me tell the male clerk what I needed. I was hoping we could pretend that we were looking to buy a collar for a dog, not me! I asked for a dog collar that would fit my throat. Chris pointed to a pink leather collar and the clerk took it down and handed it to me. The clerk seemed to be getting into my discomfort and asked if I needed help putting it on. Jan said, "Please put it on her neck, I want to make sure it fits snug." The clerk seemed more than willing to put the collar around my neck and he had no trouble buckling it shut.

"How about a matching leash to go with the collar," he asked. A pink leather leash was snapped on to my collar...right in the middle of a mall pet store. (Now I know that some kids wear collars, but this was new and embarrassing to me.) The clerk had to take one more embarrassing shot at me.

"Notice how nice she looks."

"Who is the lucky guy who will be holding her leash?" Chris nodded and said that he would be my "handler." Just the sound of the word "handler" made me tremble with excitement.

Chris said that we had to meet someone and we must pay for the leash and collar. The smart-ass, store clerk asked, "Do you want to put these items in a bag or will you be wearing them home?" Thankfully they were put in a bag. I almost didn't notice, but Chris also bought three chain choker collars.

The three of us walked to the center of the mall to meet whoever Chris had called on his cell phone. I was really starting to hop around because nature was calling and I had to pee. Jan said that she would have been glad to unlock my jeans if I hadn't snuck off to use the restroom behind their backs. (I doubted it.) I said that I was about to wet myself. “do you think I care” She said

"Could I please use the toilet?" I was ignored.

Just then my two teammates, Amy and Heather walked up with their Greek Moms and Dads. So this was the group we were waiting for. It was obvious that both girls were in serious trouble of wetting themselves based on their movements. Chris said, "Girls before we go, we have one more fun thing for all of you." We were standing next to a merry-go-round that was in the middle of the mall. Jan went over and bought a bunch of tickets for the merry-go-round.

"Come on pledges," Chris said.

"I am sure that you want to go for a ride on some horses." We couldn't object. (What happened next, I still think about often, and is the subject of many of my fantasies when I masturbate.) We were led over to the ride and like little girls; the boys helped us on to three horses. Amy squirmed as she sat in her saddle I completely soaked myself trying to get onto the horse and I whimpered as my bum was pushed down into the saddle I knew the other girls were feeling it too, because we all groaned in unison. At least we were all sitting on horses next to one another. I knew we were in big trouble, because Jan sarcastically asked me if I thought I could stay on the big horse all by myself.

"I don't want you falling off and hurting yourself," he said. I was still feeling the affects of the wine from dinner, and before I knew what was happening, Jan took the chain choker that she purchased in the pet store and slipped it around the chain I was wearing around my waist. In the same motion she locked the other end of the choker to the pole that was holding my horse to the ride. Heather and Amy were locked to their horses just as quickly by their Dads and moms. We were had. Our Moms handed each of us another bottle of water and told us to drink up. (Like we needed more to drink.) Jan said, "We will come back and check on you from time-to-time."

"However, you must wet your diapers and jeans before we take you down off of your little ponies."

"Do you all understand?" Unfortunately, we all understood all too well.

The ride started and we were all scarred and laughing at the same time. Our arms and sweaters easily hid the chain keeping us secured to the pole as we held on to the reins. It seemed that Heather and Amy had a lot more alcohol to drink than I did. Amy must have really been drunk. She said, "Last one to wet her pants is a rotten egg." Easier said than done. There was no way it was going to be easy for me to wet myself, especially in the middle of a public mall. It had only been earlier that same day that I had forced myself to wet a diaper.

The ride finally ended and started up once again after the man running the ride collected another ticket from each of us. We continued to drink our water bottles as we were told. Amy was the first to announce that she couldn't hold it any longer. I looked around to make sure that no one heard her comment. It seemed like we were being much too loud. I noticed that we had attracted some looks from people walking by the ride. After all, I am sure it is not often that you see three grown girls on a merry-go-round. Amy leaned back in her saddle, closed her eyes and began to wet her jeans. And I mean wet her jeans! she must have flooded her diaper earlier! Heather and I looked on with disbelief as we saw Amy's jeans turn dark blue. The front and back of her jeans were soaked! "Yippee," Amy yelled. She was drunk. I wished that I were as drunk so I could handle this situation better.

The ride stopped and the man approached to collect the tickets again. I handed him all of our tickets, because I was on the outside, and I didn't want him to see Amy's soaking wet pants. When the ride started again, Heather and I both decided to put an end to our discomfort. Not that we had much choice. I thought my pee was going to come out of my ears! Playfully, Amy said, "On the count of three, let loose."

As she started to count, I felt my bladder take over my whole body. I wrapped my arms around the poll in front of me, and gripped the horse as tight as I could with my legs. Suddenly, I began to wet my diaper again. I felt myself rocking back and forth in the saddle as my pee flowed freely. I couldn't stop peeing. I then lifted myself in the stirrups to try and get away from the wetness in my jeans. Obviously this didn't work and I was ordered by Jen to sit down to finish peeing. I looked over at Heather, and she too was going crazy with either delight or embarrassment. I wasn't sure which.

3 rides later All three of us were soaking wet. And although it wasn't an unpleasant smell, you could sure smell our wet jeans. I could see that our Moms and Dads had arrived and were laughing uncontrollably. They had been watching the whole thing unfold. The guys jumped up on the ride when it stopped and unlocked us from the poles. We got to take a good look at one another. I have never been so embarrassed! By now our pee had traveled down the insides of our jeans, all the way to our shoes. The thing about pants when you wet yourself is that there is no mistaking what happened. The wet stains are not uniform like they would be if you fell into a pool.

Jan immediately patted my wet behind in front of the others. I was so humiliated, but I wanted to hug her in the worst way. She walked me over to the public restrooms with the rest of our crowd. All three of us had our jeans unlocked and we were each handed a bag of clothes to put on. My outfit to wear home was the red vinyl number I had just tried on earlier. I do not dress in such provocative clothes, but I didn't see any better choices being offered to me.

It was a little hard slipping my wet jeans down my legs, but I managed. My diaper was soaking wet. I was told I must keep my wet diaper on until we returned to the sorority house. I put on the tight red hot pants and matching corset over my diaper and sheepishly steeped out of the restroom to meet the others. Amy and Heather were dressed in some really sluttish looking outfits too. Amy was in a very short black leather dress and Heather had on fishnets and the highest pair of heels that I had ever seen. The stares came from everywhere and everyone. We headed for the sorority house.

END OF THIS PART

Will upload the rest later, still modifying and cleaning up the spelling/grammar a bit

*002*2018-10-11 06:18

{{10 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Omg I am absolutely loving this

}}

Glad to see it, the story is currently in active development (still making some modifications to the original), next part should be up within the next few days

*005*2018-10-12 20:37

{{22 hours ago, Garrus said:

Definitely a fun story; brings back memories. Original is here: http://www.dailydiapers.com/content/stories/446.html

}}

Thanks, how do i edit the original post so i can add that link at the top of the page?

*006*2018-10-13 20:22

{{On 10/12/2018 at 3:13 PM, Jimmy Olsen said:

Thanks for sharing this! I especially enjoyed Sara's change. Diaper fics usually gloss over the changing for some reason.

This reminds me of another sorority initiation story I found years ago. Do you think I should post it? That story's about public defecation rather than wetting or messing, but I'd think there'd be some fans of that here.

}}

Definitely upload it and post the link here, im always looking for more stories to read (messy ones involving girls are super rare for some reason)

FYI next part should be up later today
