The Iron Queen - Page 8

Author: Pain

*140*2020-12-21 14:56

{{On 12/18/2020 at 10:38 PM, unravel said:

I love this story. May I ask what is the age of the Queen?

}}

Thank you so much, it means a lot to me! She is in her mid-forties.

$$

$$

$$

$$

*141*2021-04-17 08:17

Day - X (II)

The Ace of Spies

When Sergeant Odette Winston Hallowes came riding up openly near the enemy encampment, one hand on the reins and the other high in the air, the brigand horseman was bemused enough to decide that taking her to the camp would be more interesting than using her for target practice. He was not, however, bemused enough to keep from relieving Sergeant Odette of her bow, sword, and dagger. She had expected that and did not resist. The tents of the plainsmen sprawled in disorderly fashion over a large span, although she thought the brigands fewer in number than she had estimated. The black tents themselves were familiar: large, round, and made of felt as she had seen many times over the months during her battles with the freefolk.

Men walked here and there, clumping about in their heavy boots. The brigands spent so much time on horseback that they were awkward on the ground, almost like so many birds. They stopped to eye the beautiful woman as the scout brought her in. She paid no mind to the people staring at her.

The Captain’s tent was bigger than the rest. The oxtail standard was stuck in the ground in front of it. Lady Odette’s captor shouted something in the musical common tongue of the Horselords, of which the officer knew nothing except a couple of foul phrases. The tent flap drew back, and two men came out.

The lady who followed them was plainly the Captain; she carried an aura of authority like the Master of Office at the capital. She wore kohl around her eyes and her dark blonde hair surrounded her face and shoulders in a lustrous, rippling cloud. She wore a faded, big, round, dark hat decorated with blue ostrich feathers as a show of vanity, along with her off the shoulder poet shirt and corset style lace front vest under her long black coat. She wore long boots and long, hard-wearing linen trousers. A knotted striped-black sash was tied around her waist, where she stowed her sword, with a red bandanna wrapped around her head. Two belts ran around her waist, and like most plainsmen, and she wore four rings, while a shredded black wristband was wrapped on her right arm.

She listened to the man who had first encountered Odette, then turned to her. “I am Dolores Teach. You will tell me the truth.”

Sergeant Odette raised her head, “I will tell you the truth, O’ mighty Captain,” she said from her knees. She was before one of the most famed brigands or as they called ‘Land Pirates’ in the country, and the only woman to have been convicted of outlawry. The blackest soul and the darkest heart of any brigand who had ever lived, striking fear into the bravest of soldiers, Dolores Teach was a name uttered in terror by all. One could only wish not to be unfortunate enough to encounter her in these woods. But maybe, fortune was not something that the Sergeant had favors from.

A few years ago The Captain had attracted the attention of Lord Aldrich Spotswood, the Governor of Boḫārā. Lord Spotswood had arranged for a party of knights and men-at arms to capture her and bring her to justice; and shortly following a ferocious battle Lady Teach had found that several of her men were executed by a small force led by Lieutenant Robert Maynard, and though she had managed to escape somehow now all she sought was revenge. The threat of brigands had loomed on the smallfolk for long and they now stood as one of the greatest dangers to the merchants and travelers on the roads that went through these forests.

A battalion had set out from the city on orders from Tantallon and Odette had seen all the men with her fall one by one to the swords and arrows of the freefolk. After most of their men had fallen in the battle, Odette was commanded by the Lieutenant General himself to curb this menace. She knew she needed to find a way to stop them.

Right now, she was surrounded by Dolores and her men and there was nothing she could think of to get herself out of this situation. “Enemy,” one of the chieftains named Helen announced, looking at Odette, “I doubt what comes out of her mouth will be the truth.”

The others agreed.

“We must kill her, Captain,” Russell who had preceded Dolores out of her tent, urged. “She killed ten of our men on the battle field yesterday, you saw it. Take her head off.”

“No,” Captain Dolores answered. “She’s more use to us alive than dead. And the murder of prisoners after a battle is not the custom of the plainsmen.”

Dolores looked at her and said, “I need to hear no polished flattery. Speak to me as to any woman, but if you lie I will kill you.”

“Then she will not speak to you as to any other woman,” chuckled Carruthers, the other one who had been sitting with the Captain in her tent.

Seeing Odette’s gaze shift to him, the plainsman chuckled again and said, “Do not place hope in me, my lady. Only you can save yourself here; I cannot do it for you. I am but a chieftain, not the Captain.”

“You also talk too much, Carruthers,” Captain Dolores broke in, which seemed to amuse Carruthers mightily. The Captain gave her attention back to Odette. “Why should I not have you killed for a spy?”

The Sergeant said, “I am no spy. Would a spy be fool enough to ride straight to your camp and offer herself up to you?”

“Who knows what a spy would be fool enough to do? If you are no spy, why are you here? Quick, now; waste no time making up falsehoods.”

“I have no falsehoods to make up,” Odette replied. “I am—I was —a Sergeant; I fought your men on the battlefield. I told my lieutenant-general he was wrong in a council and showed him it was true. As reward, he took away my rank. What was I to do?”

“Kill him,” Russell said at once.

“No, because then the other men would kill me too. But if I join you, I can gain revenge for the slight many times, not just once.”

The Captain wrapped her hands under her ample bosom, considering. Russell touched her elbow, spoke close to her ear. She nodded, short and sharp. Then Russell said, “Will you swear by the Lord Almighty that you speak the truth?”

“Yes,” Sergeant Odette said. With tied wrists she tried to cross herself. “In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit, by the Virgin and all the saints, I swear I have left my Lord’s army after my quarrel with the lieutenant-general.”

Russell heard her out, and then said to Dolores, “Her truth is not certain, my Captain, but it is likely. Most of the Christians from the city are too afraid of this hell of theirs to swear such an oath wantonly.”

“Fools,” Captain Dolores grunted. “Me, I fear nothing, in this world or the next.” It was not meant as a boast; had it been, Sergeant Odette would have paid no attention to it. Spoken as a simple statement of fact, though, it commanded belief—and the sergeant knew only too well she was not without fear herself, for the Captain inspired it in her.

“Maybe it is as you say,” Captain Dolores said at last. “If it is, you will not mind telling all you know of the army.”

Odette rose from her knees and Carruthers untied the rope around her hands. The Captain waved for the sergeant to go before her into the tent and Odette did what was expected of her. As she entered the Captain’s tent in spite of her stout heart and steel will she thrilled in every fiber, her heart racing. She did not know what was going to happen to her.

Then suddenly she heard the Captain’s voice, “Before you start I must tell you there are some rules that you must follow while sharing our tents and meat,” she warned. “Do not step on the threshold. If you do, you will be put to death for the sin. Also, as long as you are among us, do not piss inside a tent but only in the chamber pot, or touch a fire with a knife, or break a bone with another bone, or pour milk or any other food out on the ground. All these things offend the spirits, and only your death will wash away the offense.”

“I understand,” Sergeant Odette said. She had heard of some of the brigand customs, just as the plainsmen knew something of rituals of the city. A couple, though, were new to her. She wondered nervously if Captain Dolores had left anything out. Odette had never been in the tent of a brigand Captain; its richness surprised her. She recognized some of the displayed wealth as booty from the raid across the river Leadon: vessels of gold and silver, hangings of cloth-of-gold and rich purple, bags of pepper and cinnamon and scarlet dye.

But some of the riches the plainsmen had produced for themselves. The thick wool carpets, embroidered with stylized animals or geometric shapes, would have sold for many gold coins in the markets at Godswick and Boḫārā. And the cushions, stuffed with wool and straw, were covered in silk.

Captain Dolores sat on a divan across the tent and began firing questions at Sergeant Odette: how big was the army at Boḫārā? How many men did you have at your camp? How many horses did it have? How many men were in the first division? In the second? The third? What supplies did the baggage wagons carry?

On and on the interrogation went. After each of Odette’s replies, Dolores would glance toward Russell. The Sergeant could not read the man’s flat, impassive face. She hoped they believed she was not lying.

Apparently they did, for at last Captain Dolores fell silent. Then she said, “I think what she says is the truth but we will decide of her fate tonight” words that left Sergeant Odette thinking.

Odette spent the next few hours inside the Captain’s tent speaking to her, and before she knew, it was getting dark outside.

The village of Sheep Lane was within sight from where their camp was and as the sun drowned in the skies, the Captain and her men turned themselves to the inn. It was a sprawling three-story structure of pale stone bricks, one of the biggest that Odette had ever seen, but even so, it could not sit even a third of the Captain’s men. They sat there drinking for a good while as Odette familiarized herself to the new ambience.

“I am an innkeeper, and know my grounds, and study them; o' Lord, I study them,” the innkeeper said out loud, “I must have jovial guests to drive my ploughs and whistling boys to bring my harvest home, or I shall hear no flails thwack.”

Sergeant Odette found it amusing to listen to the stories of the tale-tellers during the night’s drinking, the free tryst of all travelers, and where the humor of each displayed itself without observance or restraint. They were sitting in a large, low chamber, where several persons were seated together in different parties—some drinking, some playing at cards, some conversing, and some, whose business called them to be early risers on the morrow, concluding their meal, and conferring with the chamberlain about their night's quarters.

The Captain’s group sat around making japes and sharing tales during the emptying of a hogshead of beer. She had drunk over a dozen mugs of bitter through the night, all of which was now steadily making its way into her expanding bladder and yet she had not gotten up to relieve herself even once in all these hours while the men in the group had each paid a visit to the restroom several times while having drunk less beer than her.

Captain Dolores was well known amongst her folks for having a huge bladder; as she was able to drink a lot of big tough men under the table. No one ever expected a beautiful woman like her to be able to down more beer than them. Whenever she went for a drink with the men she always drank more beer than even the tall brawny ones in the group and often at the end of a long night, Captain Dolores would be the one to walk out of the inn with the most swollen bladder.

Her drinking stories were arguably even more legendary than her accomplishments on the battle field. No one could believe that such a charming lady could drink so much, and seemingly everyone who spent time with her had a favorite Captain Teach drinking story.

The hours mounted and she did not excuse herself for a leak. Few of the guests had seen the amount she’d drunk and knew Dolores must be building up a massive gusher, yet she sat and made small talk without a care. Even with all the drinks, she still felt no more than a slight trickle in her elephantine bladder.

Sitting on a different table, Sergeant Odette kept a keen eye on her everyone. Now that she was in the enemy’s camp, she knew she had to be as careful as she could be. Her own situation was not much different than the Captain’s. She was the owner of a huge bladder herself and although she had managed to infiltrate the enemy’s camp; she had not cut back on the amount of water she had to drink since she woke up that morning. Not to mention the pot after pot of red tea and kumis that she had been offered in Dolores’ tent. She could not refuse the offerings as she did not want to come across as unwelcoming and rude to her new hosts. It was the part of her training, to drink as much water as possible and keep herself hydrated. She knew it kept her kidney’s healthy. But she also knew that she had no time to pee. She must find a way to complete her mission before the time ran out.

Back in her camp, amongst the few men who knew her well, she was known as Sergeant Odette who “stole” the Gillygate castle from the enemies a few years ago, the flawless spy who was Tantallon’s secret sword. She not only helped the Governor control a major part of the state for Lord Thames Gardener, but also guarded the borders from the enemy neighbors and obtained critical information in other kingdoms as well.

Her equals saw her as a young lass with a mane of brown hair, who was a part of the most prestigious military unit in the country, who would amaze everybody with her knife-throwing skills. With her sharp knife, she could hit any target she chose, and though she was an excellent markswoman and an able soldier, the men found it hard to place faith on her because she was a lady.

Though their indifference did not deter Sergeant Odette from her purpose. The Governor had such faith on her abilities that he gave her the most difficult and impossible of assignments that no one else dared to take on. She was assigned to assist Sir Thomas Barn in the assassination of Lord Fredrick for rebelling against their liege Lords, the Gardeners. Odette and Sir Thomas infiltrated Lord Fredrick’s castle of Filmore as part of their plot after which she attempted to manipulate information from the household guard there, and inevitably confronted Lord Fredrick that led to his demise.

Time and again, she had emerged successful in her operations and stories of her heroics became well-liked with every child on the streets of her city. The chroniclers in the streets of Boḫārā could often be seen telling tales with blatant unbridled, overt feeling of pride to gatherings of old and young about the unnamed spy “And she captured the castle of Gillygate by a ruse. This gave great joy to all, for the territories of the kingdom were expanding daily. Learning of the seizure of Gillygate, the enemies left most of the fortresses of the land and fled at night, leaving the towns at the disposal of our Lord Liege.”

The tales of her valor were uncountable, and though her victories had been significant and the tales abundant, the last few months had turned the kingdom into a battle field, threatening its people and its neighboring states as well. As the time had passed, Sergeant Odette’s tasks had become riskier but also more vital to her kingdom. She appeared to be the best defense against the threat of the brigand plainsmen, against unfaithful neighbors, against whatever that waited to evolve from the mayhem. Most importantly, she was Tantallon’s last defense short of open war. She was the unnamed warrior of Boḫārā who was its lifeblood, who risked her life, living away from her home under an assumed identity, carrying out daring missions in enemy camps and where the slightest mistake could bring her arrest, torture, or death.

As the night grew deep and they all sat drinking, Helen signaled Odette to come join them after the men had left the table. As the unaware Sergeant came to sit with them Helen narrowed her eyes and said to the others, “If the Sergeant would join us, let her show us her prowess and prove the truth of her.”

“I’ll do whatever you ask.” The words came hard, but Odette said them.

A little spilled from Matlida’s brimming beer mug as she laughed. “Then you will have to drink with us.”

“As if she could,” said Julian. “Get up, Sergeant, and run back to your tent.”

“Silence, you!” the Captain commanded the ladies, and then she said to Lady Winston, “It’ll cost you a copper if you want to join our table, and you have to drink beer, no fancy wines or shit.”

“Bitter,” said Odette, putting a coin on the table after she took it out and the inn servant quickly picked it up before he ran to fetch her beer.

While they were being served Dolores explained, “This is a tradition that we follow. We do this every month. You are new to this, but the rules still apply. You pay a copper to start drinking, and we all drink pints. We pay until someone goes for a piss, then they have to pay for the rest of the evening. If you are on our table, having to piss may turn it into a very expensive night for you.”

Odette shrugged this off. “I’m fine,” she replied. Though she did not show it outwardly, she could not believe Captain Dolores had the impudence to suggest a competition with already so much inside her bladder. It made Odette wonder about the sheer capacity of the Captain’s organ. Her chain of thoughts was soon interrupted by Helen who said, “Well, you will be deemed worthy to sit with us only if you are able to last the night without excusing yourself for a leak,” she smirked. Words that would echo in the Sergeant’s head all through the night.

Drinking her tenth pint, Odette was definitely feeling the need to wee, and was regretting the liters of water she had gulped down during the day but it was nothing that she could not manage. She noticed that at least half of the ladies at the table were also crossing their legs, some twisted tight in the way that meant they were bursting.

The next round was due, and Dolores told her to get it, perhaps wanting to see if Odette was showing any signs of desperation. Deliberately Odette walked slowly to the bar and then made a point of standing absolutely still with her legs apart while she was served, then, just before she picked up the full mugs Helen came next to her. “I must say you are tough.”

“Pardon me?” Odette asked.

“Nothing, it just looks like you aren’t troubled yet” the chieftain teased, wanting to know how critical Odette’s condition actually was.

“I am fine” the sergeant replied before she reached her hand to pick the mugs but just then, Helen said, “Enjoy while it lasts, my dear” she smirked, “Soon you won’t be able to hold it any longer and that table will only have those sitting on it who truly deserve to be.”

The Sergeant did not answer.

Helen then said looking at their table where the others were waiting for them, “Do you see her face, sweet girl?” Odette looked at Captain Dolores’ face. It was calm and composed and did not tell at all of the liters and liters of urine inside her bladder. “You see how untroubled she is?” Helen said.

“Dolores has never lost a drinking contest. She has an cast iron bladder, and so do I, better prepare for your loss tonight, I only hope it is not too humiliating for you little girl,” Odette looked at Captain Teach who sat drinking. Her face was beautiful, hard and cruel, her eyes as cold and dark as onyx. Maybe Helen was right. Maybe the Captain was undefeatable.

What concerned her was the fact that her own bladder was as full as the Captain if not more. She had seen all the others on that table visit the restroom roughly more than eight to nine times to relieve themselves so she knew they were at a clear advantage in comparison but so was not the case with Dolores. She must be the clear force of nature, thought Sergeant Odette, to be able to sit with such calm on her face and so much piss inside her bladder. The Captain’s capacity scared her.

Continuing the game, Odette sat with her legs wide apart as she drank her beer. This was making her want to piss more, but she was confident of her ability to wait, and was focused on playing this game. Before she had drunk half of her next beer, Odette noticed that Julian and Matilda had their legs really knotted, and were beginning to squirm on their seats, and Matilda was biting her lower lip, showing, that she was reaching the end of her endurance. Then Bethany, stood up, “I paid for this piss last month, so I’m not going to kill myself waiting if I don’t have to. I yield,” she said before walking with small but quick steps towards the restroom.

“Last month’s loser. She gets one free piss this month,” Dolores explained to Odette.

Matilda, the other girl with really tightly crossed legs groaned audibly at this, wincing and pressing between her legs, absolutely desperate and not wanting to hear any mention of restrooms or weeing. Her bladder was playing up that night, because she never normally wanted to go so soon, and she was dreading the disgrace and expense of losing. Dolores knocked her arm. “Do that again any you’ve lost, you know the rules of the horsewomen; nobody else in the inn must see you’re bursting.”

Heroically, Matilda managed to hold out a few minutes longer, hoping to last until another round had been bought, even finishing her own drink quickly to try to hurry the others, but eventually the pressure in her bladder became uncontrollable, and she felt a trickle of pee start to leak into her smallclothe. She broke off in mid conversation and fled to the restroom, frantically pulling up her breeches as she went, trying to hold her pee for another few seconds, then grabbing her crutch as she went in. But it was too late, she had lost it, and a dribble of pee had escaped before her fingers could stop it. On the privy hole, she frantically tore down her breeches and smallclothes and unleashed a gush of pee before she was even sitting.

“Oh the pressure!,” she thought. “no wonder I couldn’t hold it any longer, my bladder really was stretched to bursting point.” It was only when her pee was finished and she had pulled her breeches on again that she felt her wet smallclothe thankful that they had absorbed the pee and there wasn’t a wet patch between her legs. She really had pushed herself to the limit, then almost made a fool of herself, as no-one had ever peed in their breeches before.

Odette had had a clear view of her frantic dash to the restroom, including her holding as she got to the door, so she was half expecting to see the wet patch between Matilda’s legs, though she decided not to say anything to the rest of the group. Almost immediately it was time for Matilda to buy her first round, and Odette went to the bar to help carry the drinks. “Looked as if you nearly left it too late?” she said casually as they stood at the bar. “It was a close thing,” replied Matilda. “I nearly killed myself trying to hold out, but I’m out of money and can’t afford to lose. This is going to cost me almost all of my loot money. I really hate these contests, but the Captain insists on having them and nobody else protests. It’s alright for her and Helen, they’ve got cast iron bladders, they never lose. What I would give to see her nearly pissing herself.”

Odette said nothing, but she agreed with Matilda. Odette too was in awe of Dolores’s ability to hold her piss, but her own capacity was fairly decent, and as a trained Sergeant she ought to be able to outlast her. All she needed was the chance to try. For a start, she was not going to piss tonight until Dolores did, and maybe Dolores would also be trying to out-wait her.

This had the makings of an interesting evening, far beyond what she had expected. Even though the contest had been lost, the other girls all left it for at least ten minutes after Matilda and Julian had given up, hoping to show they were not desperate, and by the time they were finishing their twenty fifth pints, only Dolores and Odette had not been. Odette’s bladder was definitely filling fast now.

The Captain took another long sip, “Russell spoke truly today,” she said as she finished what was left in her mug. “You are like a crow, Sergeant Hallowes. The black crow is a tricksy bird, that’s so... but I want to believe you for what you told me. So take care not to play tricksy with me.”

“As you say, my Captain,” Odette said plainly.

“I would have had your head off if that is what I wanted but no,” Dolores said. “Though once you have drank at my board you are protected by guest right. The laws of hospitality are as old as our ancestors.”

She continued to drink, “Here you are the guest, and safe from harm at my hands... this night, at least. So tell me truly, Lady Winston. Are you a craven who turned your cloak from fear, or is there another reason that brings you to my tent?”

Guest right or no, Sergeant Odette knew she walked on rotten ice here. One false step and she might plunge through, into water cold enough to stop her heart. Weigh every word before you speak it, she told herself. She took a long draught of beer to buy time for her answer.

When she set the mug aside she said, “It was the insult. For years I served my country with everything I had and what did I get in return? Revenge is the only thing I seek now.”

Captain Dolores smiled, as Odette had hoped she would.

They got the last round in just before time was called, and as Odette slowly sipped her drink, feeling slightly drunk, she knew she only had wait another fifteen minutes. Or maybe less, she thought. She was certain the Captain would get up any moment now and excuse herself for a piss. There was no way anyone could contain that much pressure any longer.

But what the Captain said next caught her off guard, “Yield now,” Dolores began, “and you may save yourself the humiliation. You cannot win this Sergeant. You might not know but I have the mightiest bladder of all.”

“I do not doubt that, my Captain” Odette replied, “But it looks as if you are reaching your limits.”

“Not at all, what is inside my bladder is of no concern to me,” said the Captain. “Its walls are strong and thick.”

“But not so strong as to keep in the flood that you are holding.”

“My bladder is stone,” said Teach. “Stone does not break.”

The Sergeant did not reply. As they finished their drinks Odette decided that she was going to walk out of the inn without using the restroom, even if Dolores went, though now she was sure the Captain won’t do that as she was too proud to admit that she needed to piss.

“Well that’s it then,” Dolores finally said as she placed the empty mug on the table, she took a moment before she got up and walked with Odette towards the door.

As they stood outside the inn, the Captain smiled, and shook her hand, “It’s been a good evening, I’ve enjoyed myself,” It had been a long while since she had enjoyed a decent evening of competition that stretched her bladder and she was pleased to find a worthy opponent and companion in Odette. Momentarily, at least, Odette knew she was accepted.

They began their walk back to the camp, but upon reaching their tents after the night of heavy drinking, the two women were met with shock. A few men ran around in panic. Their tents had been robbed. Captain Dolores was taken by surprise and so was Sergeant Odette. A lot of things were taken: ornate jugs, maps, mugs, blankets and furs, and jewelry. The tents were torn and things emptied on the floor. A shot of anger ran through the Captain’s head when she saw the carnage, she wanted to punish the guardsmen but then decided to hold her rage.

Captain Dolores glared at them. “Where were you?” she demanded. “I was sure you were watching over the camp when we were not here.”

The men traded unhappy glances. “We were, my Captain, those thieves ran in like mice before we could see them” said Quent, the youngest of them, his beard a soft brown fuzz.

Captain Dolores turned her head to look at them. They had never seen her so angry, yet she said nothing.

.

Then suddenly they saw a mob of men as they followed Russell up the slope, dirty and dented and grinning, with Carruthers and the Cedric at their head. Between them they dragged one of the thieves. They threw him down in front of the Captain. “Caught him,” Cedric said, “The other two with him got away into the forest, we have men after them, but we nabbed this one and brought him here so he could have the pleasure of meeting you, my Captain.”

The shivering man raised his head. “Mercy, m’captain, mercy!” he pleaded. “I beg your pardon! Forgive me!”

The thief was a young and scrawny man, not much taller than Odette herself. He had lost both ears and a finger to frostbite, and was dressed in old clothes, ragged and greasy.

The Captain stood solemnly with her hands wrapped around chest, her long golden hair stirring in the wind. All that beer was rushing into her swelling bladder, and almost everyone there know that the Captain was due for a massive piss. She had a grim cast to her grey eyes, and she seemed not at all the woman who would sit before the fire in the evening and drink a mug of beer. Suddenly, they all feared her wrath.

There were questions asked and answers given there in the chill of morning and finally the Captain gave her command, and two of her men dragged the ragged man to the ironwood stump that was brought there just moments ago. They forced his head down onto the hard black wood.

“Let me go, please. I shall help you some day.”

Dolores sighed, “I am the Captain of this camp. You are but a small thief. You cannot help me.”

The man looked at Dolores and pleaded humbly. “Oh great Captain! Please-please do have mercy on me! I have committed a mistake. If you excuse and pardon me I will surely repay you in future”.

She could not hold her laugh at this, “You wish to repay me? How exactly? What you have done must be punished” Dolores said coldly. She nodded and Russell unsheathed his sword and said, “I hope you have no last words.” He lifted the blade.

“Pardon, O Captain,” cried the shivering man: “forgive me this time, I shall never forget it: who knows but what I may be able to do you a turn some of these days?”

Now the Captain was astonished by the bravery of the man, she saw no way in which the dirty man could repay her but she thought that maybe letting him live wouldn’t cause any trouble, “Take him away and put him in irons,” Dolores said, “and make certain there’s a strong guard around him” and they took him away.

“They must have been fools, to come in to our camp.” Carruthers said as they saw the thief being taken away.

“Folly and desperation are ofttimes hard to tell apart,” said Rusell.

“What all is gone?” The Captain asked Carruthers as soon as she turned from there.

“They have taken everything they could, my Captain,” he began to say, “The flagon of ale, the silver cups, the clothes, maps, your tall bow and quiver of arrows, and your chamber pot as well, they have taken everything” he hung his head in shame.

She felt her heart race.

Similar was Sergeant Odette’s plight who was told she had nothing left in the tent given to her, even her chamberpot. Both women decided to keep quiet as they shared a tent to sleep. They would not get a chance to piss that night.

*145*2021-04-18 05:37

{{17 hours ago, Monomone said:

I'm so happy that you decided to continue this story. I really like the new plot line, the captain is a very intruging person to me. I do hope that this part of the storyline will somehow connect with the Queen Charlotte part. But either way, this story is still one of tlmy favorites.

}}

Thank you @Monomone

That means so much to me! I will try my best to make it as good as possible.

{{15 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

What a amazing chapter that was I am so glad to see that this story is back in action

}}

Thank you @Melificentfan

You have been one of my loyal readers and I can't thank you enough for the love and support! It means the world to me! Thank you!

*147*2021-04-18 07:12

{{1 minute ago, holdinginpee said:

Is it just me or is part of that chapter copied from an old story by the name of "the all day girls"

.

}}

Yes

*148*2021-04-18 07:19

{{11 hours ago, CrimsonChains2 said:

I’m so glad you decided to continue this story !

}}

Thanks for reading. I will try to continue and write more frequently if possible.

*150*2021-05-05 19:51

‘They say that the legends of the past are meant to teach and warn the coming generations.’

Odette & the Outlaws

Day – XI

The Iron Horse

When Odette opened her eyes, she felt a sharp pain in her forehead. She looked around to find the Captain had left the bed early. She walked out of the tent still holding her head. The wind of dawn was welcomed by the ground covered in frost. The brigand camp sprawled for as far as she could see. In amongst the men and the horses and the trees, it was easy to get lost, and Odette did. She passed a dozen tents and a hundred doused cookfires. She heard someone complaining of a backache. Butterflies floated amongst the tents like petals broken off flowers.

She caught the scent of barley tea, so tempting it made her want to take a sip, although her bladder was laden heavily with last night’s beer piss. Away in the distance, she heard voices raised in some lewd song. A giggling woman raced past her, naked beneath a brown cloak, her drunken pursuer stumbling over tree roots. Farther on, two brigand swordsmen faced each other across a little trickle of a stream, practicing their thrust- and-parry in the growing light, their chests bare and slick with sweat.

No one looked at her. No one spoke to her. No one paid her any mind. She was surrounded by men sworn to Captain Teach, a vast host hundreds strong, and yet she was alone.

“Looks like you are finally awake,” she heard a voice and turned to see it was Helen who walked towards her.

“Yes,” Odette said, unsure of what else to say.

“I thought you’d never wake up after drinking so much last night” she taunted.

“I did, fortunately” the Sergeant answered.

“Care for some tea? I have some brewing at my tent,” the chieftain offered and Odette couldn’t refuse. At the moment that seemed to be the best way to keep the chill away from her bones.

“Sure,” she said before Helen showed her the way.

“It seems you gave a tough fight to the Captain last night” Helen said as they walked, “I have never seen her drink so much just to keep in the contest.”

“It was nothing unusual” Odette answered plainly as she wrapped her hands around her chest to fight off the cold.

“Oh, it was. You were really brave in the face of a giant like Teach. You gave her a run for her money. But she likes people who she thinks are tough and can drink as much as her” Helen continued, “And she is very impressed with you.”

“Me?” Odette asked. Her words reminded the Sergeant of last night’s heavy drinking session and suddenly her mind went back to the liters and liters of urine in her bladder as she felt the waves crashing against the walls of her bladder while she walked.

“Yes, you must have an iron bladder to have lasted the night against her,” the tired chieftain stated. “You showed her that you have what is takes to be an able horsewoman, you truly deserve to ride with us today,” Helen concluded as they finally reached her tent.

She went on to carefully take the boiling pot from the fire and poured it out before giving a cup to Odette. The sergeant cradled the tea in her hands and blew on it to cool it. She looked around and saw other women preparing themselves for the journey today.

“Everyone seems to be raring to go, what is happening?” she asked Helen.

“Well we are going to have a race today,” Helen answered.

“A race?” she asked, bemused.

“Aye, from here till Saddle Town.”

“But that is far from here; the horses cannot run that long.”

“No Sergeant, you have got it wrong” Helen chuckled in disdain, “We do not need our horses to run in this one; we only need our bladders to stay shut.”

“What do you mean?”

“Today we ride in the Iron Horse, this race happens only once a year” Helen explained, “We race for the glory and of course the money but this is not one of those contests where you merely have to sprint your horse to finish first, it is much more difficult than that. All the women who partake in the race drink six mugs of beer before they start and they begin the ride together. They all ride until someone finally takes a pit stop.”

“A pit stop?”

“Aye, a pit stop, an urgent stop to empty your bladder. It is a matter of great shame for a horsewoman to admit that she has to make waters and believe me I have seen many of them call in at the last moment for the stop because they were too proud to accept they were bursting for a piss. One thing I have learned being a part of such races is that there is no point trying to hide it if you really have to go, but then you lose the respect of your fellow riders.”

“I see,” Odette breathed, wondering how big the horsewomen’s bladders were to even think of participating in such a race.

“Yes, and once you have taken your pit stop, you ride again until you and all the other riders stop to drink six more mugs of beer that they pour from this barrel carried on a horse cart, this keeps on happening so there are a lot of aching bladders and lot of crotch squeezes. The one to take the least number of pit stops wins in the end” the chieftain went on to explain.

“That sounds really tough” Odette exclaimed.

“Oh it is, sweetling, this race is not for the faint of bladder, but that is not all. Let me tell you it is no ordinary beer that we drink during this race, it is made with those special hops that are grown by the village serfs near the Maulden Woods, it makes you urinate so much more. I have seen some women piss like senseless racehorses when they threw in the towel. I wonder how humiliating it would have been for them to accept that they couldn’t hold it any longer. ”

Who in their right minds would want to participate in a race like that? Odette thought, “That sounds grueling.”

“Oh, it is Sergeant” Helen smirked, “It is no child’s play, it is one of the most vicious and toughest races that there is. No woman can contain herself under such circumstances.”

“Then why ride in something you couldn’t possibly last let alone win?” Odette asked.

“Well, for one it is a chance for us to win big money through wager and also because it is a test of our strength as able horsewomen. A true horsewoman never stops for a piss and this race is a key stepping stone that could bring women like me the status and prestige we think we deserve. This race is revered as a sacred ritual amongst us brigands and it is our only way to know our significance and standing in this camp.”

“Oh, it sure is a tough way to find your merit,” Odette said, her mind then wandered to the more important question, “Will the Captain be riding with you all today?”

“Aye, she has to, in fact she might be the one to have the most at stake here,” Helen answered, “Usually the Captain is let off from the race for at least seven years from when she is chosen as the head of the tribe but then when her time is over she is challenged by younger and stronger girls for the claim. Dolores last won the race seven years ago and for a long time there was no one who could have even thought of challenging her but things have changed now. There are girls I know in this camp who are much better holders than Teach. Her bladder simply cannot take what these younger girls have in store for her but if she doesn’t win the race, she will lose her station to one of them. That means she will be the Captain no more, in some races the retired Captain is defected from the tribe for three years but that decision lies solely with the new Head of the tribe. If that happens it would be a matter of utmost disgrace for Teach.”

“How can you let that happen to your Captain?” Odette asked in disbelief.

“It is cruel I know, but it is the way of the freefolk,” Helen continued to speak, “This race is a custom that we plainswomen have to follow once every year to know who has the strongest bladder of us all and whoever wins will earn not only the prize money but also the respect of her fellow plainsmen and women. Last year the race saw the highest ever number of women; sixty riders who wished to earn the high opinion of the clan, with forty-four completing the course, which enabled this race to lay claim to being ‘the country's largest horse race’ or so they say.”

“What happened to the others who could not complete the race?” Odette asked.

“Oh, they just quit half way through,” Helen answered, “Not everyone can make it till the end, you’ll see..”

“It must be hell trying to hold it through all this” the Sergeant noted.

“Oh, it is. Last year, everyone thought I was a serious contender to win the race and earn the respect of the tribe. As it turned out, not only did I not win the race, I couldn’t hold it at all; I took fifteen pit stops.”

“Oh, my God!,” Odette sighed.

“I have seen this race break the arrogance of many women who thought they deserved the respect of the tribe; I have seen their smugness washed away with the ferocious pisses that they took in urgency. That is why only real women are allowed to take part in this race. No younger girls are allowed because they simply cannot compete.”

“I have no doubt about that,” Odette said, but her curiosity was more towards the Captain, “Do you think Dolores can win today?”

“I wish I knew the answer to that but if I did, we wouldn’t be having this race,” Helen said, “It is true that her bladder is huge, battle hardened after winning many such races and contests year after year, but she simply cannot keep up with the younger girls now. Mabel daughter of Dolf has been winning this race for the past three years and Alice daughter of Cheyk was able to draw with her for the past two years. Not to forget Chieftain Rosette, it is about time she got her due in this camp. All three of them are really tough, have strong bladders and an enormous will. But a woman has to keep her pride and what choice do we have? This is our only way to earn the respect and glory that we have always wanted.”

With such a tough competition and so much riding at stake, no wonder Odette could see the nervousness in Helen’s voice. They had only taken a few more sips when the chieftain suddenly had a more interesting idea.

“Hey, why don’t you ride with us in the race today?” she questioned with a smirk, “We’ll see how tough you really are.”

Her words sent a shiver down Odette’s spine. She was scared but she could not show it.

“Well…umm..”

“Are you scared little girl?” Helen mocked the Sergeant, “Afraid you’ll wet yourself or your bladder will burst apart before you find a spot to piss?”

“I am not afraid…”

“Hahaha, then prove it,” Helen said, “Ride with us and we’ll know how strong you really are..”

Odette was sure of her bladder capacity but she had never experienced drinking the beer that Helen claimed made the riders piss like racehorses. It was a huge bet to place just on her bladder but maybe it was a way for her to earn the respect of the tribe.

“It’d be an honor for me” Odette said as she calculated the amount already in her bladder before they started walking again after placing the cups near the fire.

She knew that surviving this race required unusual strength, skill, and courage from her, which she knew she had. However she thought it would be wise to empty her bladder first before such a demanding race but she didn’t know where? She had nowhere to go. Her chamberpot was stolen the night before and urinating in the open was against the customs of the freefolk.

They walked through the numerous tents for a few minutes before they came upon an open patch of grass where Captain Teach stood with her chieftains, listening from them. One look at her swollen belly told Odette that Dolores had not gotten a chance to piss yet either.

“Ready for the race today, Captain?” Helen asked as she approached Dolores, “I heard someone say that Rosette is going to win today.”

“Let her do what she can,” Dolores stated in her usual cocky tone, “I fear nothing. That was what I was born for. To ride. To ride well and to win races,” her words never failed to amaze Sergeant Odette and she could only imagine the amount of urine already brewing inside the Captain’s bladder after all that beer last night. She was a giant and no race was long enough to keep her from winning. Or maybe fate had something different in store for her this day. Only time would tell.

The betting had already begun and former convict Rosette, Mabel daughter of Dolf, Alice daughter of Cheyk and Captain Teach were the favorites to wager on. All the bettors had put so much money on these four riders that they were soon over-bet on. The Iron Horse race was all about a huge bladders, big spenders, and massive jackpot wins but it also had steep risk involved. A bettor could make or break his back in this race thus he had to be very cautious of which rider he was going to place wager on.

Captain Teach was clearly the most experienced rider in the race that day who had won bettors large sums of money in the past, but the last few years had seen her withdraw her name from such races more and more. Maybe she wasn’t the sure-fire bet like she was in the past. However that had not steered away bettor James Gaffer who got his wife to allow him to place a wager of 8500 coppers on Teach to win this year’s race with odds that looked overwhelming.

His brother called him a thorough fool for doing that and James had started second guessing his bet but then he steeled his heart for whatever was to come. James was a hobbit and an ironsmith by profession who was betting his entire life savings on this race. He would be broke and be left with nothing if he happened to lose but what other way did he have? He had to marry off his nine daughters and also take his old mother to the capital to meet her bed-ridden brother one last time before he closed his eyes. It all needed money and for poor James this was the only chance.

As the sun climbed at the snail’s pace and everyone prepared themselves for the race, Russell and Carruthers went around and inspected every horse to make sure they were strong enough for the contest. Odette could tell everyone was nervous, after all it was a matter of pride and respect for the women of the camp, and of money for the bettors. All the riders had made sure to urinate immediately before the race so to prepare themselves for a long hold, except for the Captain and Sergeant Odette herself who had no chamberpots to piss into. All the plains folk had quickly wound up their tents and were ready to go.

All that was left now was the wait for the contest to begin and soon the wait was over as well. As all the women gathered to drink down their first six mugs of beer, Odette noted that Captain Dolores was the first to finish her mugs and then she waited for the others near her horse. As the racers came into position the woods grew almost still. Then a horn sounded, and they began their journey, their luggage, armor, food-supplies and camping equipment laden on pack horses behind them.

Everything went well for the first hour and a half, when suddenly Julian gave her crotch a squeeze and said, “I really have to pee.” The beer had started taking effect on their bladders and Julian could not believe how quickly it had struck her. Matilda tired to encourage her to hang in there and Julian tried her best. She only managed to ride for a few more minutes before she could not take it any longer and was forced to jump off her horse and run behind the bushes while pulling up the waistband of her trousers to squeeze her pee hole shut only to tear down her clothes and unleash an absolute gusher of a piss once she was sure no one was behind the cover. The race had claimed its first victim. The other riders could only reel in loathing looking at how poorly she had conducted herself. A horsewoman must never stop for a piss. She should never have taken part in the race if she could not contain herself.

The beer was doing its work though and it was going to spare no one. Soon more women started to complain of needing to piss, however their pride was preventing them from stopping and emptying their rapidly filling bladders. They all knew it was almost impossible to last till they stopped to drink again but they had to try. Matilda was the worst of all. She squeezed her crotch for dear life but had discreetly let out several hot leaks into her undergarment and was too ashamed to accept she needed to pee. But soon the pressure inside her small bladder overcame her good sense and she stopped her horse to dismount and tear down her breeches and smallclothes as she ran to the bushes to piss like there was no tomorrow. She came back with a huge wet patch on the ass of her trousers. Her embarrassment was palpable and she dared not look others in the eye who were riding past. Many more women couldn’t take it before the first stop and were forced to relieve themselves on the way.

Before long, faced by urgency most of the riders had taken pit stops but retired Captain Anne Read wasn’t one of them. She was one of the old hands and was a long shot for the bettors in this race. At forty two years of age she was still a beautiful woman and still had a massive bladder to rival most riders that day. Anne still remembered the day she lost this race to Dolores seven years ago and also with it lost her place as the Captain of the camp. She despised Dolores for what she had taken away from her and today she had set out to win back her lost glory and the vengeance she had sought for seven long years. This race meant a lot to her. She had been preparing for it for the past whole month, drinking copious amounts of beer and water and holding it as long as she possibly could. Though her capacity had vastly increased in the last seven years, she didn’t want to take any chances and thought it would be the best to put her bladder into practice for the coming race.

By the time they stopped for the second round of drinks, almost all women had taken multiple pit stops, with Julian taking the most breaks to urinate urgently. With five pit stops in total till now Julian knew she had already lost the race but didn’t want to give up. She hoped others needed more stops in the coming hours than her. The only six riders to have not taken any pit stops till now were Rosette, Mabel daughter of Dolf, Alice daughter of Cheyk, Captain Teach, retired Captain Anne and Sergeant Odette.

The six women were tough riders, and it was obvious to most of their challengers by now that these were the real tanks, though the battering pressure of the beer had not spared them either. Each one of them could feel a copious amount of piss flowing into their bladders and could only pray that the others broke down soon so that they could empty their own rapidly filling piss tanks.

Soon another hour and a half passed and all the women again came together once more to down six more mugs of bitter for the third time since morning before they climbed back on their horses and took to the road. Each woman could feel all the beer rushing into their bladders even faster than before and they knew soon they’d have no other option than to take a pit stop.

They rode for good while somehow, but soon the bladders started to explode. This time it was Matilda who threw in the towel first. She could not contain the pressure any longer after only half an hour back on the road and dashed to the bushes to piss a huge torrent. She was soon followed by Julian, Helen, Pauline, Henrietta and Florence and the rest who simply could not hold it any longer. Pauline got so desperate that she was in fact forced to take three pit stops before they decided to stop to refill themselves for the fourth time.

“I bet ten silvers that Dolores will piss as soon as we halt for the fifth stop, she cannot hold it beyond that” said a boy who had started growing a red beard and had large hands that made him look like a lumberjack.

“Aye, I thought that too… the woman’s got a big bladder but when we were resting under the tree an hour ago I saw her getting really tensed as she stood near her horse. I knew then that she must be feeling it….” said the other who was a forager.

“Yes…but I am not sure,” said the third who was riding with them, “Maybe it is too early to say...I think we must wait to see where it goes from here…I will not make the mistake of taking Teach too lightly” and the others agreed.

They were wise to not wager against the Captain so early in the race, though she was effected from drinking so much, Teach was not the only one who was starting to feel the beer make its presence felt in her bladder. Sergeant Odette was close too but they had somehow managed to stave off any pit stops and so had Rosette, Mabel and Alice and Captain Anne but the race was getting serious now and after all of them had chugged down six more mugs of beer each Helen thought it would be wise to warn the greenhorn, “There’s a thing we all tend to underestimate and that’s the pressure. I’d suggest you to empty yourself at the earliest before we start riding again.”

“This beer is really catching up to me and I’d be lying if I say I don’t have to go, but it is nothing I cannot handle” Odette said.

“This is no time for jokes, girl, go take a piss before it is too late” Helen said in a sharp voice, concerned that the Sergeant’s bladder must be aching, “The Captain and the others are big girls and they know how to hold their beers, it would be too foolhardy of you to think you can keep up with them. They are tough riders and they have big bucks riding on them today, which you fortunately don’t have to worry about.”

Odette would have loved to do that, relive her bladder from the lake of urine that she was containing since last night but her upbringing would never permit her to do that. As a lady of proper etiquettes and manners, she knew she was not allowed to relieve herself in the open.

“I’m fine” was all she could say to Helen as she got back on her horse.

The veteran could not believe the Sergeant’s words when she could feel her own bladder filling up really fast after three enormous pisses in the last few hours. She just prayed Odette didn’t damage her bladder trying to hold that long. Left with nothing to say, they soon resumed their ride together and it didn’t take long for all that beer to take a toll Helen’s bladder.

“I really have to pee" Helen complained as they rode, “I am dying for piss…” she squeezed her crotch tight as they rode abreast. It had caught on so fast on her that she was left defenseless.

"Are you going to hold it till someone else stops, Helen?" Odette asked concerned.

"I don't think I can hold it till then..." Helen grimaced as she tried to control the pressure but it was simply too much.

"Well if it is that bad you should just go into the bushes," Odette suggested as they rode ahead.

"I can't do that; I need to hold it longer, oh God I think I'm about to go!" she gasped, her other hand shivering as she held on the reins.

Odette watched as Helen grabbed her crotch to try to hold it in as long as possible. She could tell that Helen was not going to make it to the next stop. The chieftain was thinking the same thing. She knew she wasn't going to make it. She just wanted to find the courage to accept that she really-really had to piss and was absolutely dying for a pit stop.

She found that courage very soon for the fear of soaking herself shook her and she climbed off her horse faster than she had climbed any horse off in her life and ran to the bushes to urinate with the force of an elephant. Oh, what a great piss it was, going on for minutes, and for Helen to be this desperate the other women were not far behind. Matilda, Julian, Pauline, Henrietta, Florence, Bertha all broke down and emptied their distended bladders in massive gushers of piss that soaked the woods as the rest rode ahead.

“I am sure the Captain needs a pit stop now” said a lad who had often seen Dolores win holds against the other women.

“It would be a matter of great shame for the Captain to stop for a piss when her people ride at her back” answered his comrade with a smirk.

“Aye, but she always acts so tough, I just wish she got very desperate and held herself openly for everyone to watch” he smirked, feeling the boner stir in his breeches.

By the time they decided to stop to refuel themselves for the sixth time the ladies were barely able to ride a few leagues without halting for a piss. Their bodies were expelling copious quantities of urine as they now could not contain such strong urges to answer the nature’s call.

After the riders had downed six more mugs of hard beer that had already been mercilessly coursing into their inflating bladders for hours now, a few bettors who had already lost wagers on other riders came to the most aching bladders of the race. Dolores, Rosette, Alice, Mabel and Anne had not taken even a single pit stop since the race began and they were clearly at a huge lead in comparison to other riders who had already taken several pit stops. But they were paying the price of their audacity now. None of them could deny that their bladders were starting to ache now though they were ready to stretch their bladders to any limits that were needed to win this.

Standing at a distance, the bettors saw the bulge on each of them and could clearly tell that Captain Teach was in the worst condition of all. Her bladder was swollen considerably further than the rest because unbeknown to them, she had not gotten a chance to urinate since her visit to the inn last night.

Though they saw Sergeant Odette standing near with an equally swollen bladder, none of the bettors were interested in placing bets on her because they thought her too inexperienced and unskilled to win a race this serious and also because they did not know her.

Now that it was clear to the bettors that Teach had the biggest pressure inside her bladder, most of them started to call of the bets placed on her. Her chances of winning the race seemed too less at this moment and there was sudden panic amongst the bettors who had a lot riding on Teach.

The word that the Captain was not going to last the race was beginning to spread and the bettors started to change the wagers they had made. And though most had given up hope, some still had faith and James Gaffer was one of them.

“Pardon me, my Captain” James approached Dolores as she stood with a hand placed on her horse, “There was something I wished to speak with you about,” he said a little worried.

“Go on, James Gaffer son of Hamfast, I am listening” Dolores told him in her stern voice.

“My Captain, I have rode behind you since you took the mantle seven years ago, and I have served you in sickness and in health. You are the strongest Captain that this camp has ever seen in its days and I cherish to be a servant to you but today I come to you seeking for help,” James bowed his head, he knew all was lost for him, “The man who I wagered with refused to call the stake off and now I must pay him the money if I lose this bet. You are my only hope now, my Captain. I placed all that I had in this and I still want to believe that I can win this but….”

“James Gaffer, I’d be lying if I told you that I was alright…” Dolores cut him calmly but a certain quiver was evident in her voice, “And what you’ve heard them say is the truth. I am fast approaching my limits, and the other riders with me, they are at a far greater advantage than I am, and I don’t know… where to put all this beer that is streaming into my bladder. But that does not mean that I am going to give up against these tenderfoots.”

James Gaffer looked up to his Captain with a glimmer of hope in his eyes.

“Your Captain’s bladder might be the fullest here but it certainly is not the smallest” Dolores said with a tone of confidence that brought a hint of a smile on desolate James’ face, “I know full well how to keep my beers inside. So lighten up James Gaffer and let me prepare my horse, I have a race to finish.”

The hobbit bowed in front of his Captain humbly and full of joy before running back to his pony. A few other bettors too had seen the opportunity that had presented itself and were ready to place bets on Dolores. She was now a long shot and had far more potential value for her backers than the other strong holders. For every 1 copper that they were risking on her, they had a chance to win 134, it were the greatest odds stacked upon anyone in the history of the Iron Horse.

More bettors came forward to try their luck placing bets on Captain Teach, but were stopped by the experienced ones who knew she was a lost cause. They knew she had reached a point from where she possibly could not come back.

While the other women laughed and drank or urinated profusely hiding in the bushes to save themselves the shame, Captain Dolores pulled the saddle and saddle blanket off her horse. She knew the horses’ backs itched after a long ride so she kindly brushed the horse down to prepare it for the ride that was left.

Soon they were back on the road, and all eyes were now on the six mammoths who had not bothered to urinate yet. They all rode for a good while and inside of a trot the Captain preferred a slow walk on Bayard for the most part of the journey before their next stop as she thought cooling him had become crucial at this point.

All the bettors were panicking as they knew all these women had to piss profusely now. A couple of them had even made wagers on Odette and were checking her progress as well. The tension was thick in the air as all the six riders had refused to take a pit stop. A few bettors who had placed big wagers on these riders were worried sick now and did not know how to find out who was winning, all they could do was wait and let mother nature take her course.

The bettors’ fears soon came true though as more and more riders succumbed to the dire pressures inside their bladders and amongst the others who were riding behind poor Julian had it so bad that she became the laughing stock of the group, unable to control her piss long enough though she had a large bladder, she peed so many times that she knew for sure that she had lost the race. Though the others did not show it, they were no better. Only their pride stopped them but that too was not sufficient to control their exploding bladders and soon they peed copiously behind the bushes or any cover they could find when the pressure became uncontrollable, while few who were left struggled to keep on the road.

The only riders who had managed to fend off the pressing need to empty their swollen vessels till now were Captain Teach, Rosette, Mabel, Alice, Captain Anne and Lady Odette. They were calm and unperturbed as they rode their horses, their massive bladder capacities in full display for everyone and much to the chagrin and jealousy of other competitors. But even the strongest six were rapidly feeling the pressure increase and were starting to feel the urge to urinate strongly now.

They were to stop soon for another round of drinks and it was starting to make Alice really anxious. The girl who was seven years younger to Dolores was experiencing bladder ache like she had never before. She had been trying to stretch her bladder further for a good while now but it seemed as if she had finally reached her limit. But she wanted to prove it to her fellow riders most of whom were girls her age, that she had what it took to take on the giant Dolores Teach of whom others said that she was the toughest rider there was.

She could not understand how it had come to this, she had been so confident, so sure of herself, she knew she could beat Dolores, she had been looking forward to this day for months now, dreaming of being called ‘the Captain’ as she walked through the tents. But she was slowly realizing that it was not meant to be. Nobody had warned her what she was getting into.

The piss inside her was thrashing her urine hole incessantly, her bladder commanding her to unlock the gates before it exploded with the force of the almighty. She knew she had lost long before she had. Alice could not understand how she had let herself come to this situation. How did she lose? She did not know.

As when she climbed off her horse grabbing her crotch to save her life, she started urinating in long hot spurts. She had warmed her smallclothe with a dozen streams of urine before she finally reached a spot in the woods and tore down her clothes and squatted to take the most breath taking piss of her life. The stream from her crotch arched eight feet and carried volume like it was a coming from a sewage gutter unblocked after days. The first of the big six had fallen.

There was a sudden panic amongst the riders and bettors. The walls of the strongest bladder fortresses were starting to get breached. The beer would spare no one. The bettors who had made wager on Alice lost out a huge sum as soon as she gave up. Most of them could not believe she was the first of the big six to fall. They had seen her win so many holds but of course none of those wins were against Dolores, Mabel or even Rosette for that matter.

Alice urinated giving out long heartfelt sighs of relief that could be heard clearly by the riders who were just a few feet away on the road but could not see her. Money changed hands and all who had bet on Alice expecting that she won’t stop till she had won the race had lost their money, though all their hope had not deserted them as some were still expectant of her and hoped the other riders to break down as well before long.

Back in the bushes, liters and liters of severe pressure was being let out by Alice in the form of a mighty stream that seemed to flow with the force of the river Leadon. There was no way the others were still holding it, Alice convinced herself that they were cheating, and she knew no human being could hold in as much as she had. It was a lie. She knew she would have won this race had the others not cheated, she reasoned there alone, urinating violently, grateful that the pressure in her bladder was finally lifted.

The rest of the women had filled themselves with more beer and were waiting around to take up the race again. As Odette waited near her horse for the others to be ready to get back on the road, she heard an interesting conversation between two of the bettors, they were two hobbits who seemed too greedy for money, “Did you see how badly swollen the Captain’s bladder looks?” asked the first hobbit whose name was Samwell.

“Yes, I heard that she has not stopped for a pit stop yet,” the other one named Fredrick answered, “I cannot imagine the pressure and weight building up inside her bladder right now, how can she be so calm and composed with that much inside her?”

“I don’t know, but what I do know is that she won’t survive till the next stop,” Samwell said with a glint in his eyes, “Fifty coppers say the Captain will give up the race in the next two hours.”

“Fifty coppers!?” Fredrick laughed, “I am in!”

The contest was serious now. They were soon back on the beaten road and before long Captain Dolores set a grueling pace, and it took its toll. Women bursting for a piss kept up as best as they could or were left behind as they stopped to empty their aching bladders. With each passing minute they left a few more behind, women who dashed for a piss into the bushes but could not keep up. Every hour a few more broke off along the way, their bladders simply too full to ride any longer. And by late afternoon a few were left behind, stealing off into the woods. Odette had been half-tempted to go with them.

The remaining five ladies were containing their swollen bladders without any trouble, brewing their own hot beer piss as they continued to ride and soon it was decided that it was time to refill themselves again.

When they had refueled themselves for the eighth time with more beer, Julian who had skipped drinking anymore beer since the last three stops came to Dolores who stood stroking the mane of her horse Bayard, and said, “I want to take my name off the race, Captain, I just cannot stop pissing and it is making impossible for me to ride, I beg your pardon for disappointing you, please forgive me, my Captain.”

“This is no child’s play girl, you have no idea what it takes to be a real rider” Dolores said in a cold voice, “Go and ride with the children,” she said and all Julian could do was gulp the lump of humiliation in her throat while grateful to Teach for letting her out of the race before she turned to desperately look for a spot to empty her brimming bladder. She wondered how the Captain was coping with so much inside her. It must definitely be bothering her. And bothering it was. Dolores was needing to concentrate more and more now on her expanding urine tank and the mounting pressure but she also knew she had to be calm in the face of such peril.

While they all waited for the race to start again, Odette watched as the Captain scolded a young rider when she saw him letting his horse drink from the cold pond. She told him how vital it was to not let his horse gorge on cold water, which could make the poor beast keel over and die. Watching all this Odette wondered how Dolores was coping with something that was beginning to catch up to even her. As a trained soldier and Sergeant, Odette had never felt her need to urinate increase so drastically ever in all her years of service and for her to be bothered this much there was absolutely no doubt to her that it must have hit Dolores hard as well. They took the road soon and the bladder stretching continued.

The ninth stop to refuel saw more women accepting defeat as they realized they did not have a bladder large enough to be worthy of respect. After the tenth stop, only six women were left racing, Rosette, Sergeant Odette and Captain Dolores, Mabel daughter of Dolf, Alice who was still not ready to accept defeat and Captain Anne and the crowd could not believe that five of these six beautiful women had somehow managed to put off the need to take even a single pit stop.

They made the tenth stop to refuel themselves when they found sufficient feed and water for their horses.

The onlookers cheered in frenzy as they saw some rider unload her very-very swollen bladder in front of everyone because she could not wait to till she found a bush.

One after the other, the women were forced to take urgent pit stops, emptying massive quantities of urine for the public to watch but not the Captain, Rosette, Mabel, Captain Anne and Sergeant Odette. The riders were starting to halt for more beer but Mabel’s lower lip was trembling now as she desperately fought to somehow contain the massive pressure inside her bladder. Time was running out for her and she knew there was absolutely no chance for her to control her urine till they reached Saddle Town which was just a couple of hours away.

She fought tooth and nail to somehow manage her undeniable urge but she had been bottling up her urine for hours now and there was utterly no space left inside her bladder.

“Aah!” she wailed and her eyes closed as she winced in sheer agony. She just rode somehow till they were under the shade of huge Ficus tree before she climbed off her horse tore down her trousers and underwear and unleashed a torrent of piss that arched ten feet across even before she was completely squatted.

She remained squatted with her arms wrapped around her knees, hiding her face in her between knees as she kept on peeing and peeing and peeing for minutes together. The others who were stopping could only gasp in shock and cover their mouths in horror looking at the sheer amount of piss that was pouring out of the poor girl. She had been put to her place by bigger girls who knew how to control their bladders.

Tears were welling up in Mabel’s eyes as the reality of the situation began to dawn upon her. She had lost the race, and her defeat was open for everyone to watch in the form of the massive arch and colossal puddle of her piss. What would they be thinking of her? She was so desperate that she could not even make it to the bushes to save her dignity. The onlookers were stunned at the sheer volume of the piss gushing out of her.

It was a crushing defeat, one that had reduced Mabel to such a desperate answer to her need. She somehow kept it together but then she heard someone laugh and a woman say, “Oh Lord, just look at her!” she broke down and tears started rolling down her eyes.

It was a nightmare she had dreaded the most, the nightmare that had finally come true. If only they had known how long she had struggled to keep it in, how much she had fought to keep this from happening, how much it meant to her to let out this much pressure after resisting with everything she had, they would have never laughed at her.

The first thought that ran through the minds of anyone who stopped and saw what was happening was how the poor girl had saved her bladder just in time from blasting apart. The sheer pressure and distance covered by her stream of urine was enough proof of the immense struggle the poor girl had been enduring for so long.

When she was finally done after what seemed like hours to her but were only eleven minutes, Mabel pulled up her trousers and smallclothes simultaneously as she quickly stood up and walked briskly past the stunned watchers, refusing to look anyone in the eye. She had taken the loss harder than most and she could not believe her bladder had absolutely failed her on the most important day of her life.

The race had broken the wills of the strongest of riders and their bladders were now defeated. Riding ahead without urinating first had become impossible now but none of the four remaining riders who had not taken a pit stop were willing to accept that they needed to go in the worst way. All four of them wanted to end the race but could not bring themselves to say it. All they could do was keep riding and that they did.

Eventually they took down the tenth round of beers, and it was only her determination to out-last Dolores that had kept Captain Anne holding. Captain Read had never held it this long after drinking such an enormous amount of beer. She too was doing her best to act normally, but sheer desperation was forcing her to wince in agony of the pressure she was fighting so badly to contain. Rosette, being just as desperate, but equally determined not to pee before Anne or Teach, was steeling herself to walk straight, as the pressure in her swollen bladder became too great.

As the four biggest bladders of the race stood in a small circle talking to each other to take their minds off their massive need to urinate, the other contenders and bettors and even fellow riders gawked in disbelief of the absolute bladder command that these women were displaying. Two out of these four women had reached the point where they could not even stand straight because their bladders were so full and they were Rosette and Anne. The only concession to her desperation Anne Read had allowed herself was one hand on her throbbing swollen bladder. She could feel how much she was bulging there, and really hurting, the enormous pressure in her bladder forcing her trousers to stretch.

Captain Anne and Rosette were really not taking much interest in the conversation, as both were fighting to control bursting bladders without showing how desperate they were. Anne, determined not to cross her legs, was pressing them together as hard as she could, and bouncing up and down on the balls of her feet, clenching all her holding muscles as hard as she could. Her honor was at stake, and she was not going to give up easily. Unbeknown to the others, Captain Anne had used a powerful diuretic six hours before they had started, that had caused her to urinate repeatedly before the race and lose a little more over 30 pounds of fluid, thus increasing the ability of her body to absorb more liquids. The use of such diuretics though forbidden was common in such races of the freefolk and Anne knew full well that it would mean the end of any chance for her if she was caught but she took the risk and it had paid off well, at least until now.

Unfortunately for her she had not thought the race would go on for this long. She would have won the race by now had it not been for giants like Dolores and Rosette but now she was regretting that flask of water, and not having one final pee before setting out, but there was nothing she could do about it now. Her miscalculations were going to cost her dearly now. Anne was fighting hard, trying to adopt a tough lass attitude, standing with her thumbs inside the waist of her trousers, pulling it up as hard as she could. From behind, her tightly clenched ass showed just how much effort she was making to hold in her piss.

The intermittent shudder, when Anne was also banging her knees together revealed her desperation to Odette’s practiced eye, and she could also see that her bladder was swollen despite her tight trousers, proof that her bladder was a close to bursting as Rosette’s was.

This trial of strength continued with both girls becoming more and more restless and distracted as their desperation reached critical level. Anne was determined not to give up, and continued to talk to the other women, taking heart from their uninteresting answers. She only cared about peeing now and nothing else.

Anne now knew that she wasn’t going to make it to the bushes. She was frantic to give up and find somewhere to pee before she did it in her underwear, but her pride stopped her. She tried to squeeze her thighs and cross her legs to only a degree with her foot in front of the other but she had reached her limit, and she could either squat and pee where she was or try to find somewhere better and probably wet herself in the attempt. Holding herself until the last possible second, she started to quietly urinate into her pants as they stood there talking. Her brain absolutely froze, the relief was overwhelming and she shuddered with tear jerking humiliation at the same time. She had lost her last chance at glory. Odette was the first to notice her accident and exclaimed with an “Oh!” before the others caught on to what was happening.

“I cannot stop! I cannot!” Anne cried out with her hands crossed across her chest tightly as she fought to save her dignity but it did not stop. She was humiliated and defeated but the relief was the most important now.

Anne could not accept that her bladder had failed at such a large scale and that too right in front of her competitors. It was a traumatic experience for her but one she was herself responsible for.

She left an enormous puddle on the ground that left everyone who saw it shocked to the core. No human bladder was supposed to hold that much urine but Anne Read had and it had taken its toll.

The incident also completely broke Rosette’s will to hold on and she rushed into the bushes to empty her massive bladder in sheer desperation. The other riders and bettors were shaken to see two giants fall at once. They had not hoped Rosette would break down before the race had finished but all their hopes were battered by Captain Teach's big bladder.

The disaster was soon left behind and they all came back on the road to finish what was left of the race.

By the fourteenth stop every rider was down and beaten. Nobody, not could even dare to think of drinking any more beer except for Alice who still was counting on Dolores to grow really desperate and unleash her bladder at the roadside any moment now but unfortunately for her that moment never came. Sergeant Odette was riding strong as well and Alice could not fathom how a woman who had no past experience of riding such races was so comfortable with so much urine inside her.

When the three stopped to drink the last round of the manic urinator beers, Alice was shivering knowing the full effect this action was going to have on her very soon and she simply could not understand how Captain Teach and the redhead girl they were referring to as Sergeant had the room inside their bladders. It was like they had cisterns instead of bladders that they could simply use to store as much urine they had.

By now the realization that she was up against two massive holders was starting to dawn upon Alice who could feel her courage and will rapidly abandoning her. But she was not going to give up without a fight. She promised to herself that she would not piss until the Captain and Sergeant took a leak, not knowing how long that would be but she had no other way if she wanted to win.

Having taken the road, her hopes however were soon washed away when she suddenly found that her bladder was again fast approaching its utmost capacity. Alice shivered on the back of her horse as she fought desperately to win this race but it was of no use. She simply could not keep up with Dolores and Odette. The poor girl finally admitted defeat and climbed off her horse before urinating copiously on the side of the road and with it, the hopes and dreams of all who placed a wager on Alice daughter of Cheyk vanished as Captain Dolores and Odette rode past her in the stretch to gain a lead in the race.

Alice was now officially two pisses behind Dolores and Odette and there was no way that she could think of to get back in the contest. All was lost for the poor girl now. It just wasn’t her year.

It was a shorter ride after the fourteenth stop and by then there were two who were clearly ahead of all the rest, and they were the only ones who had emerged triumphant out of the mayhem that was left behind. No one amongst the crowd could believe Dolores Teach and Sergeant Odette had completed the race with so much pressure inside their bladders.

Many who rode with them were wondering if Captain Dolores and the beautiful Sergeant Odette were secretly leaking into their underclothes while keeping a straight face. No one could believe that there was someone who could go through the entire race without a single pit stop.

The others who rode with them were amazed. These two women were giants who were riding in the race with mere humans. They soon were in Saddle Town and the race was finally over and two things were clear to everyone in the camp, Dolores was to remain the Captain for a few more years to come and that she was the one who needed to biggest pit stop now.

When she finally got off her horse, the stiffness in her walk told volumes of the colossal toll all that beer had taken on her bladder. Her urine tank was swollen and sore now. It had undoubtedly taken the worst beating in all the bladders in the race that day. Helen saw just how inflated the Captain’s bladder looked as she stood talking to Russell and Carruthers and knew instantly that she had some very serious pressure built up inside her swollen organ. In truth even both the men were astonished and awestruck to see the sheer size to which the Captain’s bladder was swollen, knowing full well that she was overdue for a massive piss.

In a huge effort of will power, Captain Teach had overcome the vicious pressure inside her bladder that had her seriously doubting her decision to carry on with the race until the end. All those who rode with her had seen the capacity of her bladder and knew there was never going to be another like her.

She stood feeling the beer still pouring into her deliriously tired bladder before Dolores found herself surrounded by her men. Some bowed to congratulate her, whilst others bent the knee to her to reaffirm their allegiance. Russell, Owen, Helen, Toad, Spare Boot, Giant Rob, Mully, Ulmer of the Queenswood, Sweet Donnel Paul, and half a hundred more pressed around her. Dywen clacked his wooden teeth and said, “Gods be good, our Lady Captain will continue to lead us on the right path.”

Soon more men and women came near her, and they saw the Captain with a huge bladder, and fell down, and worshipped her and when they had opened their treasures, they presented unto her gifts; gold, and frankincense and myrrh. As more and more people of her tribe swarmed near her to shower her with wishes and gifts, Captain Teach covered the incredible pain in her bladder with a warm smile on her face.

They greeted her for long and she accepted their gifts and wishes with grace before someone said, “We must now excuse the Captain for I assume she must be aching for a pit stop now” everyone laughed and muttering thanks under her breath finally she walked, the outlaws moved aside to let her pass. Helen said she had never seen anyone hold in more pressure than Captain Teach did that day. She could see that Dolores could hardly walk. All knew she had a bladder that was holding an awful lot of urine and that she was holding back such incredible pressure and yet she won the race. She still was calm and collected as usual and everything seemed normal about her except the swollen bladder bulge. She stood around talking to her people, hiding the severe pain inside her bladder. It was fascinating, what power and strength she showed.

All in her camp were flabbergasted to know that Captain Dolores had not taken even a single piss break between the ride. It was a feat unsurpassable by anyone else.

Soon the men had started to unload their horses and a huge firepit had been dug and its flames rose swirling and crackling toward the sky.

“How much did we win?” Dolores asked as she walked to giant tree under which Cedric and Osten sat greedily counting the coppers. Many who had placed stakes on her against all odds had won enough to retire and those who had staked against her had lost greatly.

“Enough to lay feasts until one year” Cedric answered to her happily, “You rode with a bladder of steel today, my Captain, all this is because of you.”

“It took everything from me to win that race today” Captain sighed, “You have no idea what is happening to me right now.” The pressure to unload her extremely swollen bladder was massive, and Captain Teach could not deny the weight in her urine tank.

“I could use a good piss now” Dolores confessed as she stood, “Nothing clears my head like a long wee after a race.”

Though they heard, Cedric and Osten ignored the Captain’s plight, too busy counting coppers.

Later that night, while the others sat singing and drinking and eating by the fires, all Dolores wanted to do was take a very long piss and go to sleep, but she had nowhere to go. All she could do was curse the thieves under her breath and prepare herself for a long night’s celebrations. While they celebrated, all cheered for Captain Dolores who had put off taking all the pit stops and also for Sergeant Odette who had become a new favorite.

A lot of young boys jerked themselves off in the bushes or under their blankets that night because of what all they saw that day. Seeing such desperate women had triggered the carnal rage in their loins and they had to seek relief. Some even wanked thinking of how swollen Captain Teach’s bladder was at the end of the day. None of those young lads could believe how big and capacious Dolores’ bladder was. For most of them, she was their dream, a dream far beyond their reach. But every dream had an end, and soon Dolores was going to meet hers.

*152*2021-05-06 10:54

{{8 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

What a fantasmic chapter that was I really enjoyed reading it

}}

Thank you so much that means so much @Melificentfan

*154*2021-05-09 14:29

{{20 hours ago, Bobman23 said:

Great idea....but wouldn’t that apply to all the girls, I would love to see them all have an accident!

}}

I wish I could make the story that way but I'll surely try! Thanks a ton for taking time out to read! It means a lot to me

*156*2021-05-11 01:52

{{On 10/05/2021 at 1:24 AM, wedgeantilles said:

Great new chapter, a very interesting idea with this race.

I'd love to watch one of those

}}

I am glad you enjoyed it

