Major Crimes - Potty Training Rusty

Author: Omorw87

*000*2016-06-22 18:38

"Mommy, I 'wake," Sharon heard Rusty babble through the baby monitor on Saturday morning. She pulled herself out of bed and went to get him up. He was sitting up in his toddler bed, all smiles. He was three months away from turning three, and he was absolutely adorable."Good Morning, honey!" Sharon hugged him and kissed his forehead. Let's get you dressed." She picked him up and carried him to the changing table. She untaped his diaper and realized he was dry. He had been waking up dry for a couple of weeks now, and had been hiding from her to poop for the last several weeks, so she thought he was ready to potty train. He was abused before he came to live with her, so she had held off on potty-training him. She had been reading him books about potty training and asking him if he was wet or dirty to try to get him interested, but she hadn't actually tried to train him yet. Sharon adopts Rusty as a two year old instead of as a teenager, meaning potty training!

"Mommy, I 'wake," Sharon heard Rusty babble through the baby monitor one Saturday morning. She pulled herself out of bed and went to get him up. He was sitting up in his toddler bed, all smiles. He was three months away from turning three, and he was absolutely adorable.

"Good Morning, honey!" Sharon hugged him and kissed his forehead. Let's get you dressed." She picked him up and carried him to the changing table. She untaped his diaper and realized he was dry. He had been waking up dry for a couple of weeks now, and had been hiding from her to poop for the last several weeks, so she thought he was ready to potty train. He was abused before he came to live with her, so she had held off on potty-training him. She had been reading him books about potty training and asking him if he was wet or dirty to try to get him interested, but she hadn't actually tried to train him yet. She was planning to wait until he turned three, but, on a whim, she decided to go ahead and give it a try.

"You're dry, sweetheart! You're such a big boy! Honey, do you want to try sitting on the potty?" Rusty slipped his thumb into his mouth, a sure sign that he was nervous. Sharon gently pulled his thumb from his mouth and picked him up again. "It's okay if nothing happens. Let's just try, okay?" Rusty nodded uncertainly. Sharon carried him into the bathroom and sat him on the toilet.

"Hold your penis down, sweetie, so your pee pee will stay in the potty." She had learned that the hard way when she started potty-training Ricky. He had peed all over her the first time he went in the toilet. Of course, Jack hadn't been around to help with the details of teaching a little boy to go potty.

"Do you feel a little tingle in your penis?" Sharon didn't bother with coming up with something cutesy for Rusty to call himself. 'Penis' was easy enough for him to say and understand. He nodded. "That means you need to pee pee. Try to let it out." Rusty concentrated for a few minutes, and Sharon finally heard a tinkling sound from the toilet.

"Good boy!" Sharon exclaimed a few moments later when Rusty had finished. "You pee peed in the potty!" She helped him wash his hands and led him back to his room. "All right, honey, today, you're going to wear big boy pants!" She had bought underpants and pull-ups a couple of months ago, in case she decided to potty train him earlier than she had planned. Once she found the things she had bought, she dressed him in a pair of Spider-Man underwear and a t-shirt so they wouldn't have to deal with pulling pants down today. She would deal with that later.

"Now, honey, remember how you felt a tingle in your penis before you pee peed?" Rusty nodded. "When you get that feeling again, that means you need to go pee pee again. Tell me when you need to pee pee, and we'll go to the potty. If you wait too long to go to the potty, then you won't be able to hold your pee pee and you will wet your pants. If you go potty in your underpants, then Spider-Man will get all wet. Will you try to keep Spider-Man dry?" Rusty nodded nervously.

"Good boy. I just want you to try. You're going to wet yourself sometimes, but that's how you learn. I won't be upset with you when you have an accident, okay? I expect you to wet your pants a few times. But try to get to the potty first, okay?" Rusty nodded, looking a little less nervous. Sharon would address poop later. He usually did it early afternoon, and she could always tell when he was about to do it. "All right, honey, let's go eat breakfast."

Once breakfast was over and Sharon was dressed, she rolled up the rugs in Rusty's room and in the hall and got some books and toys out. "We're going to stay back here today so we can be close to the potty. Remember to tell Mommy when you need to go, okay? Try not to pee pee in your underpants." Rusty nodded. He usually wet his diapers every two to three hours, but Sharon wanted more opportunities for him to practice going potty, so she was going to spend the morning filling him up with juice. An hour later, Sharon was reading a book to Rusty when she noticed him squirming and looking uncomfortable.

"Don't forget to tell me when you need to pee pee," Sharon reminded him. Rusty nodded, but continued to fidget. "Let's go try to sit on the potty. We can keep reading when we get back." Sharon picked Rusty up and ran across the hall. She got his underpants down and had him seated on the toilet just as his bladder released. "Good boy!" Sharon praised him. "Look! Spider-Man's still dry!"

The juice was starting to hit Rusty, and he was squirming again less than an hour later. Sharon took him to the potty again so he wouldn't wet his pants, but, now that he'd experienced the praise that came with a successful trip to the potty, she wanted him to learn to tell her he needed to go himself.

"Rusty, when you feel like you can't sit still, that's a sign that you should try to use the potty. Mommy took you the first two times you needed to pee pee, but from now on you need to pay attention and tell me when you need to go. I'm not going to take you until you tell me you need the potty, okay? You know what it feels like when you need to pee pee."

"'Kay," Rusty muttered. He wasn't a fan of this potty business. He liked his diapers just fine. Just before lunch, Sharon noticed him squirming again, but she didn't say anything. He was playing with his action figures and Sharon was sitting on his bed. Feeling like his pee pee was about to come out, Rusty grabbed his crotch to keep it in. He hated having to stop what he was doing to go to the dumb potty. When he felt a spurt escape into his underpants, he stood up and grasped himself with both hands and crossed his legs, with a panicked look on his face.

"Pee pee," he whimpered. It was too late, though. Rusty felt his pee pee coming out, spilling through his fingers and running down his legs, despite his efforts to hold it back. He was standing in a puddle before Sharon could pick him up. Sobbing, he squeezed his legs together as tightly as he could and continued holding himself, trying to stop peeing, but his pee pee wouldn't stop coming out until after his bladder had emptied. He didn't like the feeling of his soaked underwear against him and the pee pee dribbling down his legs at all.

"'Piderman wet," Rusty sobbed. "Pee pee in big boy pants!"

"Accidents happen, sweetheart. Let's get another pair of big boy pants and see how long you can keep them dry. Spider-Man can be washed and dried," Sharon said matter-of-factly. She wiped down Rusty's crotch, legs, and hands with a couple of wet wipes and helped him into another pair of underpants. "Pay attention to how your body is feeling, and try to get to the potty next time you feel pee pee coming." Sharon cleaned Rusty's floor, rinsed his underwear, and took him to the kitchen for lunch. After they had eaten, it was time for the poop talk. She led Rusty back to his room.

"Rusty? You know how you usually hide behind the chair in the living room before you poop in your diaper?" He nodded sheepishly. "Well, when you feel like you need to poop, go to the potty instead of the living room. You don't want to poop on Spider-Man and get him all dirty and smelly, do you?" He shook his head. An hour later, Sharon was watching him closely, knowing he would need to poop soon. He stared uncertainly at Sharon and then into the hall, then jumped up and ran out of his room. Sharon chased him down the hall and picked him up.

"Oh, no you don't, you little stinker. You're going to poop on the potty. Not in your big boy underwear." She sat him on the toilet. "Hold your penis down. You probably need to pee pee, too." Rusty looked at her nervously and whimpered. "Do you want me to wait in the hall?" He nodded. "Okay. But don't get up until you're finished pooping. Call for me before you get up, okay?" Sharon stood in the hall for a couple of minutes until Rusty called for her, then grabbed a box of wipes from his room and went back to Rusty. She wiped him, pulled his underwear up, and helped him wash his hands. After wiping a few dribbles of pee off of the toilet seat, she washed her own hands.

"All right, honey. Time to take a nap." Rusty started to whine. "Come on, honey, Mommy's tired, too, so I'm going to take a nap with you. We'll take our nap in Mommy's bed." Rusty brightened at the prospect. Sharon changed him into a diaper before reading to him. Since he had been drinking juice all day, she was afraid a pull-up would leak while he was sleeping. She didn't want his nap to be interrupted or to have to change wet sheets. After reading two books, she cuddled Rusty against her and stroked his hair as they both fell asleep.

Sharon woke almost two hours later, and Rusty was still sleeping beside her. She got her phone and read some potty-training articles until he woke up thirty minutes later in a soaked diaper. "I wet," he said sadly.

"I'm sure you are. I've been making you drink juice all day. That's why I changed you into a diaper for your nap. I expected you to pee pee while you were sleeping." Sharon took Rusty to his room, removed his sodden diaper, and put his underwear from earlier back on, then went to the kitchen and returned with a fresh sippy cup of juice.

"Remember, honey, try not to pee pee in your big boy pants. Tell Mommy when you need to pee pee so we can go to the potty and stay dry." Sharon sat in the chair in Rusty's room and read while he played with his blocks. He stood up about thirty minutes later and jammed his hands into his crotch. He had been too engrossed in his blocks to notice he had to pee pee until he felt it trying to come out.

"Potty," he whimpered. Sharon grabbed his hand and started pulling him toward the bathroom. They were halfway there when Rusty stopped in his tracks, feeling his pee pee coming out. He grabbed himself and kicked his legs, but he couldn't hold it anymore. Sharon's heart broke for him when she heard his urine splattering against the floor. "Noooo," he sobbed, as pee pee flowed through his underpants and fingers, forming a puddle around his feet.

"Oh, honey, you almost made it. We'll try again next time."

"No want big boy pants," Rusty sobbed.

"I know you don't like having accidents, but that's how you learn to pay attention to your body and go to the potty before you wet your pants. You're probably going to have lots of accidents, but that's all right. It happens to everyone." Sharon took Rusty to the bathroom so he could wash his hands and changed him into clean underwear.

*001*2016-07-06 16:25

Chapter 2

Sunday and Monday went much like Saturday had gone, but with fewer accidents. Rusty seemed to be getting the hang of peeing in the potty, but Sharon still had to intervene to get him to poop in the potty instead of his underwear.

Sharon woke on Tuesday morning to Rusty babbling through the baby monitor. She had Monday and Tuesday off, thanks to a case that had required a lot of overtime the week before, and she had decided to take the rest of the week off to continue potty-training Rusty. She got him up, removed his wet diaper, and dressed him in underpants, shorts, and a t-shirt. He had started waking up wet again due to all of the extra fluids he was consuming during the day.

"All right, honey, you've gotten so good at using the potty, that now you have to learn to do it with more clothes on. And I'm not going to help you onto the potty anymore. You're big enough to get on it by yourself. It's going to take a little longer to get your shorts down and to get yourself on the potty, so make sure you go as soon as you feel pee pee or poop coming, okay?"

"Okay, Mommy."

On Monday, Sharon had rolled up the rug in the living room and moved some of Rusty's toys and books there. She wanted him to get used to having farther to go to the potty, and he was doing pretty well.

Just before noon on Tuesday, Sharon was cooking lunch in the kitchen while Rusty played in the living room. He had run to the potty by himself to pee pee twice that morning and had made it both times without an accident, but now he had let himself get distracted and didn't realize how badly he needed to go potty. "Mommy!" He whimpered, realizing he wasn't going to make it. He grabbed himself, trying to hold his pee pee in, but it pushed past his tired muscles and spilled through his fingers, forming a puddle on the floor. Sharon looked over at him just in time to see him stand up and double over, grab himself, and whimper, "Nooo!" She watched, heartbroken for her son, as a wet patch grew around his fingers and urine dripped down his legs. "Mommy! I pee peeing!" Rusty wailed.

"Come on, honey, let's go change your clothes," Sharon said, calmly, when Rusty finished wetting his pants. She wiped him down, put some dry underpants and shorts on him, and washed his hands. "Remember to go to the potty as soon as you feel like you need to. Your toys will still be there when you get back, and it's faster than having to change your clothes, isn't it?" Rusty nodded shamefully. Sharon hugged him and kissed his forehead. "You've been doing great, sweetheart. Try to make it to the potty next time, okay?"

Sharon cleaned the floor where Rusty had his accident and rinsed his wet clothes while he ate his lunch. After they had both eaten and Rusty was playing, Sharon decided another poop talk was due. "Rusty? You know how I've been taking you to the potty when I know you need to poop?" Rusty nodded. "Well, I'm not doing that today. Even if I know you're about to poop in your big boy pants, I'm not going to remind you to use the potty. You need to go to the potty yourself, like you've been doing for pee pee. If you poop in your big boy pants, they're going to be all dirty, and I'm going to have to throw them in the trash."

"Don't wanna poop in the potty," Rusty mumbled.

"Well, you have to learn to poop in the potty, unless you want your big boy pants to be all smelly and yucky." Sharon knew this was likely going to result in an accident, but he had to learn. An hour later, Rusty's gaze was shifting nervously from Sharon to the chair. She knew he was about to poop in his pants, but he hadn't had a poop accident yet, so she hoped the unpleasant feeling would encourage him to use the toilet to poop without her prompting him to do so. She could tell he was trying to hold it in, but he was only able to hold it for a few minutes. He jumped up and ran behind the chair, squatting and sobbing as he pooped into his pants.

"Mommy, I poopied in my big boy pants!" Rusty sobbed when he was finished.

"I know, honey. That's why I told you to go to the potty when you needed to poop. When you poop in the potty, your big boy pants stay clean. Now, they're all messy." Sharon walked over to Rusty and saw that his pants were also a little damp. There was no pee on the floor, though.

"Do you need to go pee pee?" Rusty had been so preoccupied with trying not to poop that he hadn't recognized the need to pee. He ran down the hall, pulled his shorts and underpants down, and situated himself on the toilet right before his bladder gave out. Sharon threw away his underpants and put his shorts in his hamper while he peed. He was still sobbing from his accident, and he was much more upset than he had been about his wetting accidents.

"All right, I think it's time for a nap." Sharon cleaned Rusty up and put a diaper on him. She didn't bother to put clean shorts on him just yet, figuring that he would be more comfortable in just his t-shirt. She picked him up and rubbed his back as he sobbed into her hair. "It's all right, sweetheart. I'm sure you'll poop in the potty next time. It was just an accident."

Sharon carried Rusty into the living room, covered him with a blanket, and rocked him in the rocking chair. She rubbed his back and stroked his hair, humming softly to him. His sobs finally died down after a while, and he slipped his thumb into his mouth as he fell asleep against her shoulder. Sharon couldn't bring herself to put him down, so she held him and read on her phone until he woke up two hours later.

When Rusty woke up, Sharon removed his wet diaper and put some clean underpants and shorts on him. She carried him into the den and situated him on the couch with some juice and her iPad so he could watch cartoons while she worked. Thirty minutes later, he jumped up and went to the bathroom. Sharon followed him to make sure he didn't have an accident and that he washed his hands.

"Good boy!" She praised him when she checked his pants and found them to be dry. The next couple of days went similarly, with fewer and fewer accidents each day.

On Friday morning, Sharon decided to tackle peeing in public. When she was getting Rusty dressed for the day, she put a pull up on him over his underpants. Rusty looked at her, confused.

"We're going shopping this morning, which means we won't always be near a potty, especially in the car. You're going to have to tell me as soon as you need to pee pee, because it might take a little while to get to the potty. If you pee pee in your pants, you need to tell me so I can change your pull up. If you wet your pants more than once, then the pull up will leak, your clothes will get all wet, and everyone will know you went potty in your pants. It's not like a diaper, where you can pee pee a lot before it gets your clothes wet, okay?" Rusty nodded.

An hour later, they were at the grocery store. After about twenty minutes, Rusty realized he needed to go potty pretty badly. He could hold it for a few minutes before he wet his pants, but he needed to go now. "Potty, mommy," he murmured, shifting in the seat of the cart.

"Okay, honey. Try to hold it for a couple of minutes, the bathroom isn't too far." Sharon walked briskly to the ladies room, lifted Rusty out of the cart, and went inside. "Still dry?" Rusty nodded. "Good boy." She went into a stall with him and waited as he pulled his pants down, climbed onto the toilet seat, and peed. Sharon checked his underpants to see if he had dribbled at all, but they were completely dry. "Good boy, Rusty! Your big boy pants are still dry!" Sharon praised him. Once his hands were washed, she bought her groceries, ran a couple of other errands, and went to the mall. She needed a birthday gift for Amy and some new makeup for herself.

After finding a gift for Amy, Sharon was walking to Macy's, holding Rusty's hand, when she felt him stop walking. She looked down at him and he was holding his crotch with his other hand and squeezing his legs together. "Oh, honey, do you need to go potty?"

"I 'bout to pee pee in my pants," Rusty whimpered. "Can't hold it." Sharon picked him up and looked around frantically for a bathroom. Thankfully, no one else was around, and she started running when she spotted a bathroom.

"We're almost there, sweetheart. Try to hold it for just a minute."

"Have to pee pee bad!" Rusty sobbed, grabbing his crotch as hard as he could. He felt his bladder release and a torrent of pee pee rush through his big boy pants and into his pull up. "Nooooo, it coming out!" His whimpers were getting louder and he started wailing when they had almost reached the bathroom. Sharon sighed when she felt his pull up growing warm against her hip.

"Uh-oh, honey, did you wet your pants?" Rusty nodded and cried into her shoulder.

"It came out, Mommy! I try stop it, but it wouldn't stay in!" He sobbed.

"Shh, honey, it's all right. Mommy will change you in the bathroom." Sharon carried Rusty into the ladies room and laid him on a couch. His shorts were still dry, thank goodness. She pulled his shorts off and peeled his soaked underpants and pull up off of him, then wiped him down with a wet wipe and put a fresh pull up on him. After putting his wet underpants in a small bag and stashing it in her purse, Sharon held a still-wailing Rusty in her lap and and stroked his hair, waiting for his cries to die down.

"It's all right, honey. It was just an accident," Sharon soothed, once Rusty was sniffling quietly. "You need to really pay attention to your body when you're not at home, because you get distracted and we're not always going to be near a potty. That's why you're going to wear pull ups when we're not at home for a while. See? Your shorts are still dry."

After throwing the wet pull up away, Sharon led Rusty into a stall. "Try to go pee pee, just to make sure you're all done." Sniffling, Rusty pulled his pants down and got on the toilet. After a few moments, he let a small trickle into the toilet. "Good boy." He pulled his pants back up, Sharon finished shopping, and they made it home without incident.

When they got home, Sharon took Rusty's pull up off and put some dry underpants and his shorts back on. "Good boy! Your pull up is dry." She settled him in the living room with some toys and a sippy cup of juice while she made lunch. He made it the rest of the day without any accidents.

That night, Sharon woke to sobs coming through the baby monitor. She got up and drowsily walked to Rusty's room, sat on his bed, and turned the lamp on. "What's wrong, sweetheart?" She felt his forehead, wondering if he didn't feel well. She didn't feel any fever, though. Once he was in her lap, she realized the problem immediately. His pajamas and sheets were soaked. Had she forgotten to put a diaper on him before bed? She lightly patted his bottom and could tell he was wearing a diaper, it was just soaked through. That had never happened before.

"Shh, honey, it's all right. I've been giving you too much juice during the day to help you practice going potty. This is my fault, not yours." She brushed his bangs back and kissed his forehead.

"I dreamed I had to go potty but couldn't find the bathroom. I couldn't hold it and pee peed in my pants!" Rusty sobbed, burying his head into Sharon's shoulder.

"Oh, honey, that's an awful dream. I am so sorry. Let's get you cleaned up and into some dry jams, and then you can sleep in Mommy's bed." Sharon carried Rusty into the bathroom and peeled his soaked pajamas off of him while the bathwater ran, then removed his sodden diaper and tossed it in the garbage. She sat Rusty in the tub and gently bathed him. After drying him off, she sat him on the toilet. "Try to pee pee while I get you some dry pajamas. It's okay if nothing comes out. Just try."

Sharon returned a minute later with a fresh diaper and pajamas. Once Rusty was dressed again, she carried him into the living room and sat in the rocking chair, covering him with a blanket. "We'll rock for a little bit, and then you can sleep with me for the rest of the night." He was upset, and Sharon wasn't in the mood to change his sheets, anyway. Rusty lay against her shoulder with his thumb in his mouth. Sharon usually pulled it out when she saw him sucking his thumb, but not when he was upset about something. They had only been rocking for a few minutes before he was sleeping comfortably on her shoulder. She carried him back to her room and tucked him in bed, then climbed in beside him and held him close to her as she fell asleep.

*002*2016-09-21 22:12

The following Monday morning, Sharon dressed Rusty in underpants and a pull up under his clothes. She had to go back to work, meaning that Rusty would be going back to daycare at the station. Sharon was nervous about how he would do with potty training at daycare. He'd only had one accident on Saturday, and didn't have one at all on Sunday, but daycare had a lot more distractions than her condo.

While driving to work, Sharon talked to Rusty about using the potty at daycare. "All right, honey, you're wearing a pull up over your big boy pants, but it's only to keep you dry in case you don't make it to the potty in time and wet your pants. When you have to pee pee, go to the potty. If you go potty in your pants, make sure you tell Mrs. Kathy so she can change you. If you pee pee in your pull-up more than once, your shorts will get wet. You won't get in trouble, so don't be afraid to tell Mrs. Kathy if you have an accident, but you need to try your best to stay clean and dry. Okay?" Rusty nodded.

When Sharon arrived at work, she led Rusty to the daycare center. She knelt in front of him, hugged him, and kissed his forehead. "I love you. Be good. Remember to go to the potty when you need to. Try not to have any accidents." Rusty nodded and ran off to play. Sharon looked around for Kathy, the daycare worker Rusty was the most comfortable with.

"Good Morning, Captain."

"Hi, Kathy. I just wanted to let you know that I started potty-training Rusty last week. He's been doing pretty well, but I was wondering if you would mind sticking close to him for a couple of days while he gets used to going potty here. He's the most comfortable with you."

"Of course. He's adorable. I don't mind at all, and I just recently got my last child out of diapers. I'll be happy to work with him."

"Thank you so much." Sharon suggested that Kathy take Rusty to the bathroom when it was obvious that he needed to go and then stop reminding him, like she had done the week before. She gave Kathy Rusty's diaper bag.

"Rusty's wearing underpants and a pull up right now, and I told him to tell you if he has an accident. He gets really upset about them. There are extra pairs of underpants, bags for wet underpants, pull ups, and clothes in here. If he has an accident, you can decide whether to deal with putting underpants on him under his pull up. It's fine with me if you just want to do pull ups, though. I was afraid he would use them like a diaper. I've only put him in pull-ups once so I could run some errands. He still told me when he needed to go, and freaked out when he wet his pants, even though his shorts didn't get wet. He's been in just underpants the rest of the time, but I believe he'll treat the pull-ups like big boy pants. If it goes really badly and you want to put a diaper on him, that's fine, too. I don't want you to spend your entire day changing him."

"Don't worry. We'll be fine. I'll show him where the bathrooms are, and we'll stay close by as much as we can." They chatted a little more before Sharon reluctantly went upstairs to go to work.

At lunchtime, Sharon went down to the daycare center to check on Rusty. She was curious to know how he had done that morning. Kathy had shown him the bathroom so he could go on his own if he needed to, but watched him for signs that he needed to go. Around 10:00, she had noticed him fidgeting, so she had rushed him to the bathroom before he had an accident, then encouraged him to go himself or to tell her the next time he needed to go.

Sharon talked to Cathy for a few minutes, occasionally glancing over at at Rusty. He hadn't yet realized she was there. He needed to go potty again, but he wasn't used to the daycare potty and wanted his mommy. It had gotten to the point to where he had to hold himself to keep from wetting his pants, and when he felt a few spurts slip past his clenched muscles, he jumped up and ran for the bathroom, still grabbing his crotch. He was halfway there when he felt his little bladder give up all together, and warm pee pee flooded through his underpants and into his pull up. He squeezed his legs together and held himself even more tightly, to no avail. Tears filled his eyes as the hissing sound of his pee pee filled his ears and his soaked underpants stuck to his skin.

"Uh-oh. Poor boy," Kathy said, noticing that Rusty looked like he was having an accident. She started toward him.

"I'll take care of this one," Sharon said. "I'm sure there will be plenty more." Rusty was sobbing and pulling uncomfortably at his shorts. He looked relieved to see Sharon walking toward him. "Hi, sweetheart," Sharon said, kneeling and pulling him into a hug. Rusty squeezed her tight, sniffling into her hair. "Did you pee pee in your pants?" He nodded sadly.

"I sorry, Mommy. I couldn't hold it."

"I'm not angry, honey. Just pay attention and go to the potty before you wet your pants next time, okay? When you go a whole week without an accident, you won't have to wear pull ups anymore. Let's get you changed." She got a bag, wipes, dry pair of underpants, and a pull up from his diaper bag and carried him to a changing table. She wiped him down and got him dressed again. "Make sure you tell Mrs. Kathy when you need to poop. Don't poop in your big boy pants. They'll get all messy, and Mrs. Kathy will have to throw them away. Go to the potty." Rusty nodded uncertainly. "And if you pee pee in your pants, make sure you tell Mrs. Kathy so she can change you. She won't be mad at you." Sharon hugged him again. "I've got to go back to work, but I'll see you this afternoon. I love you." She kissed his forehead and he went back to playing.

When Sharon picked Rusty up that afternoon, she found him crouched near the bathroom with his hands between his legs. "Mommy, I have to go potty!" He whimpered.

Sharon grabbed his hand and pulled him toward the bathroom. He took a few steps, then grabbed his crotch, stomped his feet, and started wailing. "It coming out! I pee peeing!" He sobbed, still holding himself and bouncing up and down.

"Uh-oh, did you wet your pants?" Rusty nodded mournfully. "Okay, honey, I'll change you. But you knew you needed to pee pee, so why didn't you go to the potty? You know how to go by yourself." Rusty shrugged and slipped his thumb into his mouth, still sniffling. Sharon leaned down to pick him up and noticed that a wet patch had formed on his shorts and urine was dripping down his legs. Was he not wearing a pull up? She patted his crotch and could feel the sodden pull up between his legs.

"Rusty? Did you pee pee in your pants before, and not get changed?" Rusty nodded, with tears still in his eyes. "Why didn't you tell Mrs. Kathy you went potty in your pants?"

"She mad."

"No, honey. I told you that you wouldn't get in trouble if you had an accident. Mrs. Kathy knows you're just learning to use the potty and that you will have accidents sometimes. But you need to tell her when you pee pee in your pants so your clothes won't get all wet." Sharon carried Rusty to a changing table to change his clothes. Kathy came over while she was wiping him down with a wet wipe.

"I'm sorry, Captain. Things got a little crazy this afternoon."

"That's all right. Rusty knows how to go potty by himself, and he could have found you and told you he wet his pants. I know it's not feasible for you to stay by his side all day."

Kathy turned to Rusty. "Honey, it's okay to tell me if you've wet your pants. I promise I won't get mad. I just finished teaching Sarah to use the potty, and she pee peed in her pants all the time before she learned. It happens to everyone when they're learning to use the potty. Next time you potty in your pants, tell me, so I can change you, okay?" Rusty nodded uncertainly and slipped his thumb into his mouth. Kathy gave him a hug. "You still did good using the potty today. It's scary using a new potty when your Mommy's not with you." Sharon finished cleaning him up and getting him dressed so they could go home.

*003*2016-09-21 22:23

A couple of weeks later, Rusty was doing much better with his potty training. He was having two or three accidents a week, but he was definitely improving. Sharon thought he would be out of pull ups soon. One Friday, on the way home, they got stuck in bad traffic. Two hours later, they had barely moved. Rusty had drifted off to sleep for a little bit, thank goodness, and Sharon had been reading on her phone for a while when traffic slowly started to move. A few minutes later, she heard Rusty whimpering. She looked at him in the rearview mirror, and he had woken up and was shifting uncomfortably in his car seat, holding himself.

"Oh, honey, do you need to pee pee?" Of course he did. They had been in the car for almost three hours now.

"It's trying to come out, Mommy," he said sadly.

Sharon looked around for a cup or bottle or anything he could pee in, but saw nothing. Now that they were moving, he wouldn't have been able to stay strapped in his car seat and pee in something, anyway. She looked around and realized there was no way to pull over without wetting off half of L.A. If there were a store or somewhere she could stop nearby, he didn't look like he would make it long enough for her to park and get him out of his seat without wetting his pants. "Sweetheart, we're still moving really slowly. It's going to take a while to get home, and I can tell you can't hold it that long. Just this once, don't try to hold it and go potty in your pull up. It won't count as an accident." Rusty shook his head, kicking his legs.

"Don't wanna pee pee in my pants!"

"Honey, you're going to before we get home, anyway, and there's nowhere to stop before we get home. I know you can't hold it. You've already been a big boy and held it for a long time. We just can't get to the potty any time soon. It's not your fault. Just pee pee in your pull up now so it won't hurt anymore, and I'll change you when we get home."

"Noooo," Rusty sobbed, feeling a couple of spurts escape. He kicked his legs more furiously and pulled at his crotch so hard that Sharon was afraid he was going to hurt himself. "Mommy! It gonna come out!" He cried desperately. He crossed his legs and squeezed as hard as he could, but a few more trickles escaped, which he knew meant that he was about to completely lose it and pee pee until it was all gone, whether or not he had made it to the potty.

"Rusty. We've been in the car for a long time, and you've been a big boy and held it. It's okay. I don't want to see you hurting anymore." A couple of minutes later, Rusty cried out loudly and crouched over, still holding himself, in a last-ditch effort not to wet his pants. He went still as hot pee pee cascaded out of him, despite trying to hold it in, and he started wailing. "I pee peeing! It won't stay in!" He sobbed, kicking his legs as he tried to stop it from coming out. Sharon was heartbroken for him. She reached back and patted his knee. She wished she could get him out of his car seat and hold him tight. "I wet, Mommy!"

"It's all right, sweetheart. We've been in the car without a potty for a long time. If this doesn't clear up soon, Mommy might have to go potty in her pants, too. Even I can't hold my pee pee for longer than a few hours. Mommy might have to borrow one of your pull ups!" She said, trying to lighten the mood. She was only half-kidding. She was starting to have to pee pretty badly, herself, and giving birth to two children hadn't been kind to her bladder.

They finally got home thirty minutes later, and Sharon couldn't get out of the car fast enough. Rusty had finally stopped crying, but he was still sniffling and very upset. It had been several days since his last accident. Sharon pulled him out of his car seat and held him close to her. "Come on, honey, let's get you out of this wet pull up." She carried him up to her condo and winced in sympathy when she peeled the soaked underpants and pull up off of him. There was a painful looking rash on his penis. She cleaned him up and put some ointment on it and decided to let him stay bare-bottomed until he went to bed.

Sharon settled Rusty in the living room with some toys while she cooked supper. "Okay, honey, if you go potty on the floor, make sure you tell Mommy. I can usually tell when you've pee peed in your pants because your clothes are wet, but you're not wearing any pants, so I won't know unless you tell me. You won't be in trouble, but I need to know so I can clean your pee pee off of the floor, okay?" Rusty nodded.

After dinner, Sharon gave Rusty a bath, made sure he went potty, put more ointment on his penis, and put him in a pull up and pajamas. He woke up dry most mornings, but he was so devastated when he woke up with a wet pull up, that she didn't want to deal with how upset he would get waking up to soaked pajamas and sheets. She read him a few books, kissed his forehead, and tucked him into her bed. She was letting him sleep with her that night since he was so upset about wetting his pants in the car. "Goodnight, sweetheart. Sweet dreams. I love you." Rusty slipped his thumb into his mouth and snuggled against Sharon, falling asleep almost instantly.

Rusty woke up dry on Saturday morning. After he went potty, Sharon dressed him in only a t-shirt, put more ointment on his penis, and freed him to go play. "You have a boo boo on your penis, so we need to let it air out today. You're not going to wear underpants, but remember to pee pee in the potty and to tell Mommy if you have an accident, okay, honey?" Rusty nodded. Sharon worked at her desk while Rusty played and went back and forth to his room for various things. Two hours later, he walked over to Sharon's desk and pulled at her sweater, sniffling.

"What's the matter, sweetheart?"

"I pee peed," he said mournfully. The tone in his voice told Sharon that said act had not occurred in the potty.

"Where?"

"In my room. I sorry, Mommy."

"Okay, honey. Mommy just needs to clean it up, so your room won't smell like pee pee." Sharon got some cleaning supplies and cleaned the puddle from Rusty's bedroom floor. "Remember to go to the potty next time you need to pee pee, okay? Pay attention, and don't pee pee on the floor. Pee pee in the potty."

*004*2016-09-23 15:42

A

*006*2016-10-09 20:28

Rusty continued to have accidents every few days, but he was almost fully potty-trained. One Saturday, Sharon was cooking lunch. When it was ready, she looked up and realized that Rusty was no longer playing in the living room. Alarmed, she ran back to his room. She found him on the floor against his bed, crying softly.

"Sweetheart, what's the matter?" Sharon asked. Rusty slipped his thumb into his mouth and didn't say anything. Sharon gently removed his thumb and picked him up, then realized the problem once she set him on her hip. His shorts were soaked. "When did you wet your pants?" Rusty lay against her shoulder and didn't say anything. Sharon sat in the chair in his room and held him close to her, stroking his hair. She was already wet, so she didn't hold him away from her. "Honey, you need to come tell Mommy if you potty in your pants. I need to get you out of your wet clothes and clean up your pee pee so the condo doesn't smell like it. What happened? Did you not want to stop playing, and wait until it was too late to make it to the potty?"

Rusty nodded. "I tried to hold it, but it still came out!" He sobbed, remembering the feeling he hated when his bladder gave up and his pee pee rushed out, soaking his shorts and streaming down his legs.

"Mommy's not mad, honey. Just remember that once you need to pee pee, the feeling doesn't go away. It gets worse and worse until you either go to the potty or you can't hold it in anymore and you wet your pants. Let's get you into some dry clothes." Sharon peeled his soaked underwear and shorts off, rinsed them out and tossed them in the hamper, wiped him down, and put some dry clothes on him. "Come show me where you pee peed," she said, taking his hand. He led her to the living room and pointed to a puddle near the chair. She carried him into the kitchen and put his lunch in front of him. While he was eating, she gathered some cleaning supplies, cleaned up his accident, and got her own lunch and sat at the table with Rusty.

A month later, Rusty was officially out of pull ups for daycare, only wearing them at night and in public. Sharon didn't have the courage or energy for the latter settings just yet. Two weeks after Rusty started going to daycare with no pull up, he still hadn't had any accidents. He had been staying dry most nights, too, but Sharon still wanted to wait a little while before letting him sleep without a pull-up.

One morning, Sharon woke Rusty up to get him ready for daycare. He usually jumped out of bed to come find her before she had to wake him up, but he had slept a little longer than usual. Rusty slowly sat up and crawled into Sharon's lap, rubbing his eyes. She instinctively felt his pull-up through his pajamas, surprised that it felt a little soggy. "Is your pull-up wet?" She asked in surprise. He had woken up dry for the past week.

Rusty nodded miserably against her shoulder. "I sorry," he mumbled.

"It was an accident, sweetheart. I was just a little surprised. Do you need to pee pee before breakfast?" Rusty shook his head. Sharon removed his soaked pull-up, cleaned him up, helped him step into some clean underpants, and carried him into the kitchen for breakfast.

"Honey? Are you feeling okay?" Sharon asked a few minutes later. Rusty was listlessly picking at his oatmeal.

"Yeah...Not hungry," he muttered.

"Try to eat a few more bites while I finish getting dressed," Sharon said, thinking he was just upset about wetting his pull-up.

When Sharon got to work, Rusty stayed in his car seat and waited for her to come get him out. He usually unbuckled himself and jumped out of his seat while waiting for Sharon to open the door for him. He reached for her to hold him when she opened his door. "My goodness, you're clingy this morning," Sharon commented as she lifted him out. He lay on her shoulder as she walked toward her office building. When they reached the daycare, she felt his forehead, wondering if he was coming down with something, but he wasn't feverish. "Tell Mrs. Kathy if you start feeling yucky, okay? She'll call me to come get you. I love you. Be good." Sharon kissed his forehead and left for her office.

Later that morning, Sharon's phone rang, and she wasn't surprised that it was Kathy.

"Hi, Captain. There's been a nasty stomach bug going around with the kids, and I'm afraid Rusty is the most recent victim."

"Oh, no. Did he throw up?"

"Yes, and, well...He had a pretty big accident while he was throwing up. He's inconsolable, and he won't let anyone near him to change him. I'm trying to explain to him that he's sick and he couldn't help it, but he's not having it."

"I'll be right there." Sharon grabbed her purse and computer and ran to the elevator, yelling "Gotta go, won't be back until Thursday, at the earliest," as she sprinted past her team. She arrived at the daycare center in record time. She could hear Rusty's wails before she went inside. She found him crouched in a corner, sobbing uncontrollably. He looked up and spotted her. "Mommy!" Rusty sobbed, reaching for Sharon. She hurried over to him and wrapped him in a hug and kissed his hot forehead. "Hi, sweetheart. Are you not feeling good?" Rusty shook his head miserably.

"I went potty in my big boy pants, Mommy," Rusty gasped through his sobs.

"He wouldn't let me close enough to change him," Kathy said, apologetically.

"Oh, that's all right." Sharon sat beside Rustyand wrapped her arm around him for a few moments, careful not to get herself wet or messy. She held her hand to his forehead, and he was burning up. "Oh, honey, you have a fever. You're sick, sweetheart, this isn't your fault. Your tummy has nasty germs in it, and you can't control your poop right now. You'll feel better soon, though."

"But I pee peed in my pants, too," Rusty said morosely.

"That's still not your fault, honey. Let's change your clothes, and then we'll go home." Kathy came over with Rusty's diaper bag. Sharon still brought it every morning with extra clothes and an emergency pull-up, just in case.

"He still has some diapers here, so I got one of them. Even parents of some of the older kids said they put them in diapers when they had this virus, so I thought you would want one. This virus is no joke."

"Thank you." Sharon gently pulled Rusty's soaked and soiled shorts and underpants off of him, stashed them in a bag, and cleaned him up with some wet wipes. "I'll give you a bath when we get home." She put the diaper and some clean shorts on him.

"No diaper," Rusty whimpered. "I big boy."

"You are a big boy, but you're sick, and it's hard for you to make it to the potty right now. As soon as you're not sick anymore, you can go back to wearing big boy pants again." Sharon stood up and gathered Rusty in her arms. "Do you need to go pee pee before we leave?" Rusty shook his head. His soiled clothes were a lost cause, so Sharon threw them away and carried her son to her car.

Once they got home, Sharon gave Rusty a bath. "Try to pee pee before I put a diaper on," she suggested. She put him back in a diaper and put some fresh pajamas on him once he had peed in the toilet. She checked his temperature and gave him some pedialyte before rocking him in the chair in the living room, with a basin nearby on the floor in case he had to throw up. "Tell me when you need to go potty, and I'll help you get your diaper off. You're probably going to have some accidents since you're sick, but try to make it to the potty when you realize you need to go, okay?" Rusty nodded. Sharon stroked Rusty's hair and hummed softly as she rocked him, and he was soon sleeping on her shoulder.

Thirty minutes after Rusty fell asleep, Sharon could feel his diaper filling with poop. Rusty was whimpering and squirming from pain. Sharon's heart ached for him. A couple of minutes later, he finally stopped. His sleep didn't seem to be bothered, though. Sharon wanted to change him, but didn't want to risk waking him up. Her dilemma was solved a few moments later when Rusty woke up whimpering.

"I poopied in my diaper, Mommy," he said sadly, before he had even opened his eyes.

"I know, sweetheart. It's all right. You're sick and you couldn't help it." She rubbed his back as he whimpered against her shoulder. Being sick was bad enough, but it broke her heart how upset he got when he had an accident. A few moments later, he was gagging. Sharon grabbed the basin and held it in front of his face, patting his back as he threw up. She could tell he was pooping more, too. Kathy wasn't kidding when she said this virus was vicious. By the time he finished throwing up, poop was dripping out of his diaper, staining the seat and legs of Rusty's pajamas.

"Mommy! I didn't even know I was pooping again!" Rusty sobbed when he realized he had soiled himself even further.

"Honey, it's okay. I'll just put you back in the bath and get you some clean jams. It's nothing to worry about." Once he was cleaned up, they settled back in the chair. Sharon felt Rusty's forehead and stroked his cheek. She had held off on giving him some Tylenol, afraid he would throw it up, but his fever was too high now. She gave him some medicine and rocked him back to sleep.

When Rusty woke up two hours later, Sharon discreetly checked his diaper and found it to be dry. "Do you need to go potty?" Rusty shook his head. He needed to go a little bit, but he didn't want to get up yet. Sharon looked at him dubiously. "Are you sure? You didn't pee pee while you were sleeping, and it's been a while since you pee peed in the potty." Rusty nodded, slipping his thumb into his mouth. Sharon didn't bother to remove it since he didn't feel good. "All right...But make sure you tell me when you do. It's going to take a minute to get your jams and diaper off." Rusty nodded.

A little while later, Rusty was still sitting in Sharon's lap as she read to him. He was engrossed in the story and had forgotten about his growing need to go potty. He suddenly crossed his legs and started whining. "Pee pee," he whimpered, jamming his hands into his crotch. A few spurts escaped into his diaper, and he knew he was about to wet himself completely. Sharon jumped up and ran down the hall with him still in her arms. "Hurry, Mommy," Rusty begged, clenching his bladder muscles as hard as he could and holding himself. He gasped as another jet of pee pee escaped. Halfway down the hall, he felt his bladder give out completely and wailed as pee pee gushed into his diaper. He squeezed his legs around Sharon and pressed himself into her hip, but his pee pee kept coming out. The increased pitch of his wails told her that he hadn't been able to hold it long enough to make it to the bathroom.

"Uh-oh, honey, did you already go potty?" Rusty nodded sadly, lying on Sharon's shoulder as he continued to wet his diaper, unable to stop it. Sharon sighed. "All right, I'll change you. Do you still need to pee pee a little bit first?" Rusty shook his head. "Well, I want you to try." Sharon removed his pajamas and wet diaper and sat him on the toilet while she got a fresh diaper. When she came back in the bathroom, he was pooping. When he was finished, she cleaned him up and put the diaper and his pajamas back on.

They settled back in the chair with a cup of pedialyte. Rusty was still sniffling. "Mommy's not upset with you, sweetheart. I know you don't feel good and it's going to be hard to make it to the potty sometimes. But pay attention and tell me when you first feel the need to go, okay? I won't be mad if you have an accident, but I want you to try your best to make it to the potty in time."

Rusty nodded sheepishly. "I sorry, Mommy."

"It's all right, darling. Don't worry about it." Sharon kissed his burning forehead and continued reading to him.

*007*2016-11-01 19:48

By 7:00 that night, Sharon was exhausted. Rusty had wet himself two more times, once while he was sleeping, and again while he was throwing up. He had been very upset both times, though. He had thrown up three more times, all of which involved a poop accident and required a bath and a fresh diaper. She normally put Rusty to bed between 8:00 and 8:30, but they were both worn out.

"All right, honey. Bed time."

"Nooo," Rusty whimpered, burying his head into Sharon's shoulder.

"Yes, honey. You can sleep in Mommy's bed tonight, though, since you don't feel good." Sharon carried Rusty into the bathroom, removed his pajamas and diaper, and sat him on the toilet, urging him to try to go potty. He was probably going to have an accident, if not several, overnight, but she wanted to do what she could to prevent it since they made him so upset. He managed to pee and poop a little bit before whining and reaching for Sharon. She quickly cleaned him up and put him in a fresh diaper before putting his pajamas back on.

Sharon tucked Rusty into her bed and rested her hand against his forehead. His fever still felt pretty high. After giving him some Tylenol, she held him close to her and read to him until he was sleeping on her shoulder. She laid him down, got herself ready for bed, and crawled in bed beside him. She read and sipped a glass of wine for a while, then lay down and pulled him closer to her as she fell asleep.

Sharon woke up shortly after midnight when she felt Rusty squirming against her. He was whimpering and holding himself, so she checked his diaper, which was dry. She gently lifted him out of bed and walked swiftly to the bathroom, undressed him, and sat him on the toilet, holding his shoulders so he wouldn't fall over. She checked his diaper, and he had only dribbled a tiny bit. He didn't need to be changed, and she didn't think he would notice. He fidgeted on the toilet and whimpered for a few moments before he started peeing. Rusty woke up, startled, mid-pee.

"Hi, honey. I could tell you needed to pee pee while you were asleep, so I brought you in here before you couldn't hold it anymore and went potty in your diaper."

Rusty nodded. "I dreamed that we were in the car, and I had to potty. You couldn't stop, and I couldn't hold it. It started coming out and I was pee peeing in my pants, but it was weird that my pants weren't getting wet. That's when I woke up."

"I'm sorry, honey. That's an awful dream to have." Sharon kissed his hot forehead. "Sit for a few minutes and see if you can poop. I'll read to you while we wait." Two books later, Rusty had pooped a little bit, so Sharon read one more book to make sure he was finished. After cleaning him up and tucking him back into bed, she held him and stroked his hair as he lay on her chest.

"If you wake up and need to go potty, wake me up, okay? I won't be mad if you have an accident, but I don't want you to get upset." Rusty nodded. Sharon pressed her hand against his forehead, relieved that his fever seemed to be a little lower. "I love you, honey. Sweet dreams."

"Love you, Mommy," Rusty mumbled as he fell asleep against her. Sharon woke again near dawn when a putrid smell assaulted her nose. She sighed, realizing Rusty'd had an accident. She got a clean diaper and wipes, carefully removed his diaper, and wiped him down as gently as she could, hoping not to wake him. After disposing of the dirty diaper, she got back in bed and quickly fell asleep.

Rusty woke up at 8:00, desperately needing the toilet. He tapped Sharon's face, and she woke up immediately. "Potty," he whimpered. "Poop gonna come out."' Sharon picked him up and rushed him to the toilet, frantically pulling his pajamas and diaper off. His diaper was a little damp, so she held his penis down for him, figuring he would probably pee pee, just as his stools released. He finished a few minutes later, and Sharon cleaned him up. She got a diaper and a fresh pair of pajamas from his room. Once he was dressed, she settled in the rocking chair with him cuddled under a blanket in her lap. She gave him a cup of pedialyte, trying to keep him hydrated.

"How's your tummy feeling?"

"Better, but still a little yucky."

"I'm so sorry, sweetheart. You'll feel better soon. Remember to tell Mommy when you need to go potty, okay?" Rusty nodded against her shoulder. She read on her phone while he watched cartoons on Nick Jr. He started getting drowsy about an hour later and snuggled more closely against Sharon, ready to take a nap. Sharon considered getting him to try to pee pee before he fell asleep, but he hadn't been awake for very long, so she figured he would be all right. Two hours later, however, he woke with a start, jumped out of her lap, and ran down the hallway. He stopped halfway to the bathroom and doubled over, desperately grabbing his crotch with both hands and stomping his feet, wailing loudly.

"I pee peeing, Mommy! Can't hold it," he sobbed. His legs were squeezed together, and his hands were buried into his crotch. Sharon knelt beside Rusty, gently uncrossed his legs, and removed his hands from the front of his diaper, which was quickly growing warm and wet. She hugged him tightly as he sobbed into her shoulder, unable to stop his pee pee from flowing into his diaper.

"It's okay, sweetheart," Sharon soothed. "You were sleeping and didn't know you needed to pee pee. I'm so proud of you, you have been such a big boy." She changed his diaper and carried him back to the chair. He was still drowsy, so she rocked him back to sleep. She patted his diapered bottom as he fell asleep on her shoulder, finding that she missed him being a baby. He was growing up so fast.

