Emily's Christmas Adventure

Author: RosaE836

*000*2014-12-24 08:01

I'm posting this one early so I don't forget, Merry Christmas to everyone that it applies to, and happy holidays for the rest!

###

I normally would post this with my short stories, but I decided to post it here because of its significance.

###

Emily's Christmas Adventure

Waking up to light flickering into her room, Emily squinted, seeing shadows pass by her window. She closed her eyes, trying to get some more sleep.

"It's snowing!" Lilly yelled in delight, hopping out of bed. "And on Christmas as well! This never happens!"

"That's hail, sis, now let me sleep a little longer." Emily, Lilly's older sister, was lying in bed with a pillow now over her ears.

"No, it's really snow, now wake up!" Lilly shouted energetically, shaking her older sister.

"Just a few minutes longer, you kept me awake all last night wondering what presents you got today."

"I almost forgot! Presents!" Lilly shook Emily again, this time with more vigor.

"Okay, okay, I'm getting up! Just stop shaking me!" Emily shouted back, rolling out of bed.

Lissa quickly got dressed, tossing on a pair of black pants and a red long-sleeved shirt. She then turned towards her sister, who had just started getting out of bed. "If you move any slower, the snow will melt by the time we go outside! Hurry up!"

When Emily (choosing to wear light-grey pants and a white sweater,) had finally left their room, they continued to open presents under the Christmas tree. Emily had given her present to Lilly first. Lilly opened it, and it was a beautiful dress that Lilly had her eyes on for months. Lilly was shocked, as it cost at least two months allowance. Lilly's smile encompassed her face as she hugged her sister, thanking her three times before she backed away.

She soon frowned, looking away from her sister. "I... kinda forgot to give you a present."

"W-what do you mean? Is it in our room or something? You can g-"

"N-no... I didn't... buy or make you a present at all..."

Emily stayed silent before the words sank in. Emily quickly grew angry, but seeing the sad look on her sister's face, Emily sighed. "W-well, you can always make it up to me some other time."

Lilly hugged her sister before getting to the rest of the presents.

After many 'thank you's' and a few 'your welcome's', it wasn't long before Lilly was fantasizing over what to do outside in the snow first.

"Maybe we should build a snowman, or have a snowball fight, or maybe go sledding!"

Emily, always being the first to bear bad news, simply shook her head. "Don't you know I will be the one that does most of the snowman building, you can barely make a halfway decent snowball, and we live in the suburbs?"

Lilly only faltered for a second, the fire in her eyes rekindling in the very next second. "Well what about the hill half an hour to the right of our house?" Seeing her sister open her mouth again, she quickly followed up, "And one of my friends used to live up north, so she has a sled we can borrow!"

Emily shook her head in acceptance. While she rather wished she could stay inside all day, her parents would insist she watch Lilly if she were to go outside, and today would definitely be no exception.

Emily sighed. "Well, we better get dressed, lest we freeze to death."

Lilly excitedly ran to her room, grabbing a coat on the way there. Emily envied the energy Lilly had, yet that didn't mean she wanted to go out in the snow more than before. Going to her room to put on a second pair of pants, (she didn't want to get cold, after all,) Emily put on her pair of gloves, a thick coat, and finally pulled her boots on. "It's going to take forever to take these off afterwards." Emily loathed.

"What's taking you so long? The snow won't be there all day!" Lilly asked, trying (and failing) to pull Emily to her feet.

"I bet it will." Emily was about to remark, but instead replied with an arrogant, "Well, I've been done for awhile, I was just waiting for you."

Lilly wasn't fazed at all from Emily's haughty response, continuing to tug on Emily's arm. "Well, then why aren't we already leaving? It takes half an hour!"

Emily sighed once before standing up. Walking outside, she followed her sister to her friend's house, who agreed to lend her sled on one condition. "Just so long as you take me with you guys." The small girl said.

Emily didn't feel like babysitting not only her little sister Lilly, but also her even younger friend Sarah. For that reason, Emily disagreed.

"But sis..." Lilly pleaded, yet her sister didn't budge.

Casting a glance to her friend, she asked, "Why won't you let us borrow the sled?"

"Well, because I want to go too; my mom said she can't take me, so your sister is my only hope."

Both of them turning towards Emily, they looked at her, pleading.

"...Fine. Sarah, you can join, but hurry up." Emily conceded.

Sarah ran outside instantly, sled in hand, fully dressed for the snowy weather, even with the same kind of red scarf around her neck as Lilly had. Emily rolled her eyes skyward. "I'm guessing Lilly must have called Sarah ahead of time, saying I don't really have much of a choice in the matter anyways."

The group of three walked east, heading for the hill that the two youngest of the group were adamant about reaching. When they were only ten minutes away, Lilly seemed to pause for a second before continuing at a slightly slower pace.

Finally reaching the hill and then climbing to the peak, Emily made it a point that everyone gets a chance to ride. "I may as well have some fun anyways, and two of us can ride at a time." Emily explained, causing a smile to break over Sarah's face. "And I thought you were just a grumpy old lady."

Emily flared up at this. "I'm not an old lady! Because of that comment, you get to ride it after Lilly and I have gone down the hill once."

Sarah giggled, she definitely thought the look on Emily's face was worth it. Emily heatedly got on the sled, with Lilly pushing them off before getting on back. Emily could soon feel the wind blowing at her hair and face, and she could feel the excitement slowly building up inside her. The hill wasn't the largest, however, so the ride didn't last very long. Emily didn't seem to mind too much, actually wanting to ride again. As they dragged the sled up the slope, she told Lilly the it was Sarah's turn to ride with her.

"I guess this snow day is making you a little softer than usual." Lilly meekly said, looking away when her sister glared at her. They reached the top, and Sarah was tapping her foot as she waited. After Emily explained what was going on, Sarah gingerly stepped onto the sled before sitting down, soon being pushed off by Emily. Emily held onto the ropes with Sarah, and Emily once again felt her heart beating faster, if only slightly. By the time the two had reached the bottom, Emily had a childish grin on her face, but was fine with waiting before the next ride downhill. During the wait, Emily realized she needed to pee, but it could wait.

The minutes were quickly being eaten through with each exciting ride downhill, yet they dragged on every time Emily had to wait. The day seemed to go like this until Lilly started to wave Emily down. Lilly had just finished riding down with Sarah before then, and by the time Emily started getting close, she could see a stain on Lilly's lap.

"Did you-"

"N-no! This is... Sarah's..." Lilly replied, and the faint crying that could be heard from Sarah grew in volume.

Emily walked over, crouching next to the crying Sarah. "What happened?" She asked.

Sarah sniffed in response. "I-I... I thought I could hold it, but the last time we went down, it came out, and I think I got Lilly wet, a-and-"

"Slow down." Emily ordered calmly, placing her hand on Sarah's shoulder. "It's easy for things like this to come up unexpectedly, so let's just go home and get you changed." Not being satisfied with Sarah's feeble nodding, she turned Sarah's head to face her, saying, "If the snow is still here tomorrow, we can always come out her again tomorrow."

Sarah smirked, feebly responding with, "I was wrong earlier, you're a nice old lady."

Emily rolled her eyes for the second time that day. "Jeez, I try to be nice, and this is the thanks I get. I'm seventeen, dummy!"

"Well, that's older than Lilly, and that's older than me."

Emily was about to respond, but she stopped when her sister tugged on her coat sleeve. "U-um, I'm glad you're happier than normal, but I thought we were going home... I mean... Isn't Sarah going to need to change clothes?"

Emily nodded. "Well, let's bring the sled, we don't want to lose it if we want it for tomorrow." Lilly weakly smiled in return, following her sister's lead. This situation had reminded Emily of one thing, she needed to pee as well, and it was starting to seem a little bit more urgent than she would have liked.

Ten minutes into the journey, Emily had a feeling her sister was lagging behind. She turned around just in time to see her sucking air in through gritted teeth and holding herself. "Are you okay, Lilly?" Emily asked, subconsciously pressing her thighs tightly together.

"I-I... need a minute..." Lilly replied, waiting before removing her hand. "O-okay, I'm good." Emily continued walking, her need had increased with the sight of Lilly holding in her own pee.

Five more minutes had gone by before they stopped again, and when they were only ten minutes away, Lilly squeaked before collapsing to the ground, both hands between her legs. "Are you okay, sis?" Emily asked, rubbing her knees with her hands, trying to keep her own pee in.

"Just give me a couple minutes..." Lilly said, rocking back and forth. A couple minutes had gone by, and it seemed she would never get up until finally, moving only one hand away, Lilly stood. "I can walk now, I'll hold it." Emily doubted it very much, especially with the slight wetness starting to show around Lilly's hand. Emily looked around, noticing how close they must be to Sarah's house.

"Hey Sar-" She stopped, noticing Sarah quickly walking into her house a short distance away with her sled in hand. "W-wait!" Realizing it was no use calling her, she turned to start walking to Sarah's house.

"E-Em'..." Lilly called her sister, bringing Emily's attention. "I w-wouldn't go ask Sarah nor her mother to let us in to pee..."

"A-and why is that?" Emily asked, not getting angry at the 'we' her sister added. Emily was now shuffling in place.

"L-last time I was over right after school, I accidentally... had an accident, and her mother won't let me come over if I need to pee. W-we were walking home, and I had to go pretty badly. Since I had an accident on the way to the b-bathroom, it stained a rug, and she's still pretty m-mad..."

"Why would she still be mad?!" Emily more pleaded than asked.

"I-it was a rather expensive rug I stained..."

"O-oh... well, let's hurry home then!"

Emily started walking, but noticed her sister wasn't following. "Sis?"

"I... I wish I could even... make it to their front porch today..." Lilly sobbed.

"W-w-what are you saying?" Emily asked, turning around.

"I... c-can't..." Lilly finished her sentence with sniveling, her pants darkening with pee, the snow under her changing color as it melted from the hot pee. Lilly collapsed, tears running down her cheeks.

"I-it's okay, Lilly, there's no need to cry from accidents." Emily said, half looking away, and holding herself with both hands. "J-just... let's go home, because I really need to go home, or I'll... end up like you."

Lilly waited a few seconds longer before saying, "I-I... okay..." and getting up.

A couple minutes passed of walking, this time it was Emily slowing them down.

She reached the driveway before a leak, longer than usual, shot past her hold, getting her pants wet. Emily held her breath, holding herself and shivering.

She stood there for a few minutes before it felt like she gained a slight bit more control, but instead of moving her hands away, she kept them firmly pressed. When she reached the front door, Lilly opened it for her and closed it behind Emily before quickly running to their room to change.

Emily didn't follow Lilly, instead heading straight to the bathroom. Slamming the door behind her, she cursed, remembering something. "I have to take off these clothes." Emily thought to herself. Leaning against a wall, she first took off her gloves, each time replacing the hand between her legs after each one came off. It definitely helped her hold, and it also made the next part possible. "Now, the the pants..." Emily thought with contempt.

Removing one hand, she felt as if a wave of pee wanted out now, and she held with both hands, feeling a three second stream escape. Emily finally stopped the flow, and then proceeded to quickly unbutton the top button, unzipping the pants, and then yanking them down, not caring that her panties would get soaked. Emily then quickly sat on the toilet, releasing her pent-up pee. Feeling the pee hit the fabric hard, it took her a second before a thought dawned on her.

This thought dawned on her like the morning sun hitting a cave-adapted dwarf, not subtly at all. True, she was peeing forcefully into her panties, which she could have hidden all the way until she got to the laundry room. There was something else, however. Emily wore two pairs of pants today, not one, and it was still buttoned around her waist as she was forcefully peeing through it. Emily cursed once again, this time as she cried, defeated.

Finally leaving the bathroom, her sister gasped, seeing the soaked pants. "I-I thought you surely..." Lilly stopped, then quickly hugged Emily. Emily stooped to hug her sister back, crying on her shoulder. "Accidents happen, Em', and if it makes you feel any better, you made it longer than I did."

Emily sniffed. "I just wish I actually made it."

Lilly waited a minute before she said her next few words. "Well, want to hear some amazing news?" Emily's expression grew confused.

"Mom and Dad left you to babysit me at the house, so they only think I wet myself, and I won't tell them about your wetting."

Emily started to tear up once again, and a smile had formed. "Well, then I guess that makes up for you not giving me a Christmas present."

Lilly felt the hug around her tighten, and she returned it back two-fold, saying a small "Merry Christmas, Em'."

"Merry Christmas, Lil'."

*003*2014-12-31 11:30

Thanks for the support everyone, I hope to continue making stories people enjoy! I'm going to focus on longer stories that are more plot based than fetish based than the short stories I've been working on, but every now and again I'll still make these short ones. (In other words, I hope the next short story I make is even better, and I'm already planning on how it should go. Maybe one for Valentine's Day...?)

