Stray (Tron)

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-08-08 02:23

Set as a prequel to the the Tron: Legacy movie. I apologize upfront for any movie inaccuracies up front. This is based on my presumption that programs use the bathroom since they obviously eat and drink. Enjoy.

Where was I? Who was I? The effects were immediate on the beautiful program. One second she was herself, the next she was gone. Her memory swiped. She knew basic things. She was on the grid. Clue was in charge. She was a stray That was fairly obvious. Anything personal from her memory no longer existed. Her name, her friends, her job. gone. Judging by her attire-She was dressed in a skintight, seductive black suit that was designed slightly differently than typical programs attire-she most likely was a siren at one point. But after losing her disc she was nothing but an amnesiac.

She did know one thing personal to herself for sure. She must have been holding in her urine for a long time, judging by the sharp pain inher bladder and the prickling sensation in her urethra of pent up pee. She blushed softly. That wasn't important though. The bright search light sweeping towards her, however, was important. Her legs trembled as she ran. However she didn't stand a chance, and soon the light had over taken her. Peices of the grid sank around her, isolating her on a single octagonal pillar. Her heat fell as she gazed upwards.

I'm going to be deresed. Her hope of survival had fleeted in moments. The grid had no room for strays. They were corruptible and disrupted the order of things. Prehaps I could get lucky. Survive the games. The games, were almost worse than simply being deresed. Though death wasn't as certain in the games, it would be painful if you died. Deresolution itself was a typically painless process. However when acted upon by a light weapon, it almost always hurt. The games were a terrifying event and no one ever hoped for it.

The program began to squirm violently,not wanting to wet herself and prove she was worth less than the typical stray. I need the games. She thought oddly enough. She had a will to survive uncommon to programs in general. She stiffened up as the squarish arch landed, leaving her in the center of both legs. Within seconds the police apprehended the stray and she was locked up along with a group of stays. With limited movements due to the restrains she fought ever so desperately to contain her bladder by jiggling her legs, curling her toes and balling her fists and made subtle squirming motions as they approached the landing zone.

Finally the restrains were released, though no one dared to move. A single guard marched from left to right, inspecting each prisoner. Before moving on to the next stray he would announce "Deres." or "Games." The has been siren stiffened up, as the guard approached her. While she kept her body calm and reserved, hot pee began to leak out and cascade down her thighs. The golden liquid slowly seeped into the fabric, but gave no visible sign of the occurrence.

"Games." He announced.

She was given a temporary sensation as relief as she stemmed the flow of urine, not losing even half her capacity before another pair of guards took her by her arms an led her to a circular platform. Binds snapped over her feet and the platform descended. As soon as she was out of sight she began to squirm violently, with her feet bound she forced her hands against her lap. She doubled over and moaned softly until she emerged in a room.

Three corners of the room lit up and three beautiful woman, two dark skinned and one pale brunette quickly assessed her, before making slight alterations to her costume. The missing fourth siren proved her suspicions, that she used to be a siren. They quickly placed a new disc on her back, causing her eyes to briefly flash and a long spurt released into her white panties. Finally they showed her reflection in a mirror.

She gave herself a once over. She had a slender, yet voluptuous body, covered by a skin tight white suit with blue neon lines lacing along her body. Her hair was light blonde and done up in a fashionable bun, her skin practically glowing, slight glitter spread out along her flesh. Bright blue mascara surrounded her equally as blue eyes. her sleeves were detached from the rest of her suite, giving a tiny glimpse at her toned arms. Her legs were long and equally as toned, the shoes built into her suit were based off wedge shoes and gave her more height.

She approved. She made her way towards the door when a dark skinned girl caught her arm. "Laraa... be careful."

Laraa nodded as information slowly surged through her body as her life was redesigned. re-purposed, and her current purpose was too survive. She remained solemn as she headed out and was instantly transported to a rectangular prism, floating above an arena. Opposite of her was another program. Her opponent. Above her and below her were several other prisms. She didn't have much time to take it in as the games began.

She was honestly glad to be allowed to move freely, the movement helped her contain her pent up urine as she made, desperate pacing movements. Her opponent made the first move, launching her disc for her head. Her left slid left, at a diagonal angle, her right leg bent and her left hand planted between her legs. She disc passed above her head, ricocheted across several wall before returning to the other program. She hopped upwards as another spurt was released. He hurtled her own disc back downwards. It skimmed his ankles sending blue-ish shards flying.

The program howled in pain as the disc returned to Laraa, the rest of the battle was tipped in the favor of Laraa as she quickly won. The rest of her opponents fell by her hand, with varying degrees of difficulty. Finally she was the final program and had the honor of versing Rizzler. TH=here arena resembled a cross and was much larger than her previous battlefield. She studied the angles possible for her to attack from. She didn't get much of her assement done before she had to clamp down on her third leak since the games began. Then the final round began.

Rizzler didn't waste anytime hesitating. Her split his disc into two and sent both flying towards Laraa. She dodged his flurry of attacks, not getting any of her own in. Instead she spent her time dodging and running. While helpful to her bursting bladder, it proved to only prolong the inevitable. A disc sliced a strand of her own hair, tiny shards hailed to the grid. Fear contracted and even more urine seeped into her suit, the warmth lasting long after that.

She took an opportunity to send her disc in an ark towards Rizzler's feet. It shattered the platform below him, sending him falling. However at the last second he grasped the edge of the hole. He hung suspended, at Laraa's mercy. Laraa approached his position with avseductive sway to her hip as an alarm sound. Her face was smug as she knelt down near his handhold. She drew her disc prepared to slice his fingers when the arena flipped. She landed on her back with a thud. Rizzler landed in a kneel, his legs straddling her body and his right hand grasping a disc, hanging it above her face threateningly.

Those events that occurred in the few seconds caused her bladder to give out. Hot pee poured out of her urethra, soaking through her panties and rolling across the groin area between her legs as it began to pool beneath her shapely butt. The hot pee began to spread down her legs and up the bottom of her back as it slowly seeped into the fabric of her suit. There was a distinct trickle sound as the urine flowed from her urethra forcefully and even began to darken the outside of the fabric as the suit couldn't hold the amount of liquid and a puddle began to pool between her legs. The puddle was small but noticeable.

However Rizzler wasn't focused on that detail. He was more concerned with the strange reaction from the crowd. They called for Rizzler to spare her. He reluctantly obliged and helped Laraa to her feet as she was escorted to Clu. They were transported to his headquarters above the arena where Clu was waiting them with an amused smiled.

"You are very lucky..."

"Laraa." She spoke.

"Right. Well miss Laraa, the audience seems to enjoy your performance, aside from your lack of bladder control." He said examining the dark glistening patch along her inner thighs and crotch. "However, you are not free from the cycle. Each cycle you will be apart of the games. Granted you will no longer go against Rizzler. However you will not be spared again. You will live in luxury between each cycle, so enjoy it."

Laraa nodded reluctantly. She was then escorted to a hotel, given a large and sleek suite where she would live. Once the guards were gone she stripped from her clothing, still warm with urine. She tossed them aside and slipped into a shower, wishing she could once again forget who she was.

I hope you enjoyed this. Please leave feedback:)

*002*2012-08-08 05:34

{{: 

Holy crap that was awesome! You really captured the feel for the film well.

}}

Thanks, I'm really glad you enjoyed it:)

*004*2012-08-13 21:13

{{: 

Wow this is amazing! I am loving your posts and I can picture that stuff in my mind when I was reading. This is great!

}}

Thanks! I'm really glad you appreciate my work:)

