The Joys of High School

Author: cjm3rcl1n3

*000*2011-11-15 22:36

Note: All characters depicted in naughty behaviour are of legal age in most countries; all other characters are not depicted in naughty behaviour, therefore do not need to be of legal age. This story starts with male wetting, so if you don't like that, please either kindly bugger off, or continue reading. I promise there is quite a bit of omorashi involved, just not immediately apparent. There is: male peeing, male and female wetting, m/f sex, and a few other naughty things. If you like part one, please tell me, and I'll consider posting the other parts, as well. There are currently 6 parts to this fictional story; whether I write more is possible, but not guaranteed. Enjoy! (Mods: if there are issues with my posting, please inform me so I'll know what to do in the future. Thanks!) Thank you for allowing me to be here!

Part 1:

It was the end of another long day of High School, and the end of Phys. Ed. (aka “Gym”), which was perfect for Junior Jake, who liked having the locker room to himself. He could take naughty wets anywhere he liked, such as some of the lockers, a sink or two that was plugged up, but especially all over the floor. If no other option was available, he could simply pee in the showers like most of the other boys did, which was fine with him.

Jake secretly enjoyed watching the others do their liquid business, and letting them watch him, if they were so inclined, observing the different ways their wee streams gushed from their various cocks. He wasn't gay, or even bicurious, it was just that he had never seen or heard any woman wetting, for himself, that is. He would go online whenever he got the chance, to view the dizzying array of sites of women wetting, but had never been lucky enough to see or even hear it for himself. He liked watching and listening to the urinating, no matter who was doing it, young men or young women. He had a peeing fetish.

On other days, however, his weeing was a lot more fun. Every now and again, his care-free peeing would be so incredible that he simply couldn’t wait until he got home, and jacked off in the locker room, letting the ecstasy build in a matter of minutes, until he exploded all over the place, and practically fainted from the sheer abandonment of his orgasm.

On this day, he decided to wait. Or so he hoped.

The rain was still coming down in sheets, as it had been for most of the day. Jake was getting pretty desperate, but wanted to wait until the last possible moment, which was fast approaching, particularly watching the rain pour down. Days like this, Jake sometimes wished that he could pee an endless stream like the Heavens did. Then he would realize that that wouldn’t actually be a good thing, because then he wouldn’t be able to bring himself to orgasm after his pee. Oh, well.

He was still wearing his Gym shorts, on purpose, of course. His wetting was made easier by his never wearing any underwear, especially with his Gym shorts. It was just so much more comfortable going commando all the time. And easier to pee, of course. His swim shorts were the best for his wetting fun, but those memories were better to be savored for another day.

During the last few moments before he completely lost control, he tried to decide if he wanted to stand up or sit down to do his business. Either way worked well. Standing up, his pee ran straight down his pant or short leg to pool at his feet, but sitting down, he could let his cock hang over the edge of his seat, feeling the cold of it counter the warmth of his penis, and his pee.

Jake decided to sit down today, needing the shock of the temperature difference to keep his arousal until later, when he could get the chance to play with himself, as was only proper. Pulling his shorts opening up to his balls, he let his schlong hang out into the open air, down between his thighs. The cold air he was exposing himself to was too much for his body. He had barely set himself in position when his body over-rode his brains’ commands, and his bladder completely let go. Rather than starting out as a trickle, as usually happens, his relief came gushing out of his pee slit, hosing the floor of the locker room with his hot, golden juices.

The wonderful feeling of spraying his liquid gold powerfully all over the floor beneath him was euphoria. His relief seemed to last for hours, but actually only lasted just over a minute, due to the strength of his pee stream. The other reason that his pee stream was starting to wane was because of the hard-on that he was invariably developing. Once done, Jake had no choice but to follow through with a quick wank. He didn’t even bother pulling his shorts off, but instead started pulling and stroking as he was. It didn’t take him long before he came, in a white-hot blaze of glory, spraying his jizz all over the puddle he had just made, which was huge.

After a brief rest, and avoiding the messy puddle, which was already cooled, Jake changed back into his jeans, after cleaning off his joystick, his personal name for the most intimate part of himself. Then he left, with the memory of his recent naughtiness settling into the back of his mind, ready to be retrieved later, for a longer and better masturbation session, where Jake could get fully undressed, and take his time, really enjoy himself, rather than rushing to orgasm, like he just did.

*002*2011-12-15 00:10

{{: 

Nice short unique story!

I'd prefer more characters, but still somewhat interesting.

}}

Thanks for the comment! This is only chapter 1; if I get enough positive feedback (or if I feel like it), I'll post more. As with H.P., A.B. and others, this story mainly focuses on the central character, Jake. Others are introduced, but as secondary characters. Thanks again!

