Daniel and Amy - Page 4

*075*2016-04-02 00:15

Chapter 27:

Daniel entered his room, closing the door behind him. He dumped his new packages into the bed and opened them. He pulled out one of the tape on diapers, the same type that Amy was currently wearing, and had his first proper look at one. It was even bulkier than the thick pull up he had on now, and he marvelled at the feel of it. It had 2 tapes on each side, white and blue, and after reading the instructions, he figured out how it was supposed to go on. Dan thought he may actually try wearing one to bed later tonight. He knew that after all the soft drink he'd consumed today that wetting the bed tonight was probably inevitable. Under normal circumstances the thought of wearing such a conspicuous diaper, (a real diaper, with tapes and everything) would of made him cringe with embarrassment, but knowing that Amy would be wearing one emboldened him enough to overcome that. He put it down, and decided he had better start packing, but had no idea as to where he should start.

Never having gone to a sleepover before, he didn't know what he should pack. When he'd stayed at his relatives houses before, his mum usually packed his stuff for him, just throwing some Goodnights and a change of clothes or two into a bag, and he guessed that was where he should start. But even his protection options had changed, and he now he had 3 different items to choose from. He opened up his wardrobe, and his drawers, and considered what he should pack.

Would he sleep in pyjamas or sweat pants, should he take shoes and socks, or just wear his flip flops, would he need a jacket? Perhaps he should bring the book he was reading. They were planning on having a swim tomorrow, so what bathers would he need, and how many spare clothes should he take in case he DID have an unthinkable accident?

He was all flustered, and couldn't concentrate long enough to make even the smallest decisions, and he needed to calm down. He thought that he knew how to accomplish that. Making sure his door was firmly closed, he stripped off his shorts, boxers and shirt, and padded around to his bedside drawer, from which he retrieved his light blue pacifier.

He went back to the mirror, placing his dummy in his mouth immediately. He took a few deep breaths, then looked at his reflection, which showed a still young looking boy, wearing nothing but a big pull up while nervously sucking on a baby's pacifier.

"I'm in control here," he said to the boy in the mirror, and slowly he felt himself calming down. He was aware that on the last two occasions that he'd done this, he had deliberately wet himself, but while he did feel an urge to pee now, he figured that being in control also meant holding on sometimes. He felt his heartbeat slowing as he sucked his paci, and his breathing calmed as well. He'd had this thought before, and again it crossed his mind, that perhaps sucking on his dummy was similar to the effects that grown ups got from smoking.

Both his parents smoked, and on one level it absolutely disgusted him, but on another it intrigued him as well. He'd seen both his mum and dad be all worked up over stuff before, then going outside and lighting a cigarette, and suddenly becoming calmer. He wondered if his pacifier worked the same way with him. There was no way that he would ever take up the filthy habit, but when he grew up, he decided he would try it once, just to see if the effects were the same.

Feeling in control once more, he resumed, or at least started packing. Right. Protection first. He decided he would take 3 Goodnights, 3 Molicare pull ups, plus the one he was wearing at the moment, and 2 of the real tape on nappies. It was probably excessive, but better to have too many than not enough. Next, sleepwear. He decided he would take his pyjama pants and wear those with a t-shirt. His PJ pants were a lot baggier than his sweat pants, and would conceal a bulky nappy easier. He threw into the bag the board shorts he had worn today. He'd wear those in the pool tomorrow, but put a clean pair on after he showered. Shoes. 

He'd take his sneakers but wear his flip flops. Socks. He always wore socks to bed, so he put in two pair of ankle height white sports socks. He packed 2 pairs of extra boxers, just in case, then decided to throw his sweat pants in as well. His backpack was pretty full by now, so he decided to leave his book at home. He couldn't see why he'd need it anyway, not with his little Catholic girl there to spend time getting to know. He looked around and found his phone charger on his desk. His phone was only half charged by now, so that was a necessity that got stuffed in on top. Satisfied with his efforts, even though if you judged by his bag that he was packing for a month long wilderness hike instead of just a slumber party, he decided to have his shower.

He turned on the water, and while it was warming up, he slipped out of his pull up. He checked it thoroughly, and confirmed it was indeed still dry. Despite the amount of soft drink he'd had, and getting super desperate in the playground, he hadn't suffered a leak since he'd wet his "kiddie pull up" a bit at the hospital that morning. Even though he new he would wet during the night, he considered it to be a successful day. He put a hand under the running water and adjusted the temperature. As soon as the water hit his hand, he felt a spasm, and a squirt of pee shot out uncontrollably into the shower.

"Oh shit!" He muttered, and quickly stepped under the water as his bladder gave way with no control over it at all. He sighed, but as his urine streamed out of him unassisted by effort, he admitted to himself it was better than doing it in his pants at least.

Still dribbling a bit downstairs, he shampooed his hair, then put conditioner in, working it in deep. He liked to leave the conditioner in for a few minutes, so he grabbed the soap and started scrubbing, working on his grubby feet first. He preferred wearing flip flops over shoes when he could, but of course kept kicking them off and on all day, meaning his feet always got dirty afterwards.

Still sucking on his pacifier, he leaned his head against the tiles, and his thoughts drifted straight to Amy. He couldn't stop thinking of how cute she looked in her long stripey socks and denim skirt. He scrubbed the grime off his legs, and washed under his arms. He thought of how it looked when he caught a glimpse of her nappy under her skirt when she had laid across her bed, and again when she had taken off her shoes and sat cross legged in front of him, fidgeting with her socked foot.

He felt his boyhood suddenly stand to attention.

He soaped himself up around his diaper area, aware that he needed to keep clean down there to prevent any rash from happening. But as he washed, he found himself thinking more about Amy, and how she had admitted wetting herself twice in his presence. Once in her room when she got nervous, and again while he hugged her when she cried.

He hadn't even realised at first that he had taken himself in his hand while thinking about it, but when he remembered how she had looked all shy and sweet while saying "I wet myself a bit just now", and "I wet myself when I was crying", it suddenly overwhelmed him.

Daniel had never before achieved a self induced orgasm. He'd had wet dreams before, but hadn't found climax by his own hand. But suddenly, a feeling that he had not ever encountered started in his lower belly, and a wave of intense pleasure washed over him.

Before he knew what had happened, Dan had discovered the joys of self pleasuring.

&&

*077*2016-04-02 04:25

Chapter 28:

After Dan had gotten control of himself again, he turned off the water and stepped out. After quickly drying off, he stood looking at his reflection in the mirror on the medicine cabinet above the sink.

"Holy crap, what just happened?" He asked himself.

Of course he knew quite well what had happened. In fact, he had been trying to make it happen for a while now, but hadn't succeeded. Masturbation was a common topic amongst the boys at school, though usually in a joking manner. They always teased each other about "jacking off," or "going for a wank," but it was never really discussed as a serious topic. It was like a thing that everyone joked about, but would never actually properly talk about doing.

Dan assumed that the kids who were lucky enough to have really good mates that they shared things with may discuss it quietly when they were alone with each other, perhaps comparing stories and stuff, but Dan didn't have any close friends. He had picked up the basic theory during sex-ed classes, and through playground chatter, but didn't quite know exactly how to go about it.

Of course, he had tried numerous times, but had never managed to achieve the end result that he had just experienced. While laying in his bed at night, safe in the privacy of his bedroom, he had often found himself stimulating himself, but he had never "got into it enough" to orgasm before. He had tried imagining all sorts of things before. Having girls, or even women, kiss him or touch him, and what they would let him do to them, but the bottom line was he had rarely even talked to girls much. Until today, he had never even held hands, let alone kissed a girl before.

But now he had spent the day with what he considered to be the prettiest girl he'd ever met, and had not only held hands with her, but also hugged and actually kissed her, he now had an idea about how arousing girls could be. He had been transfixed by her long socks and little skirt, and fascinated by the nappy she had worn that he had gotten glimpses of, and it had put his hormones into overdrive. He had been fumbling around with his body and thoughts for over 6 months or so, but never achieved the level of arousal that he had experienced while thinking about the little Catholic schoolgirl with the long socks and diaper.

And when she had admitted wetting herself to him, well oh boy, that had been so hot. He was always so secretive when he wet himself, so hearing this gorgeous girl just freely admitting it to him was enough to send him into shock.

He heard his mother calling him, so he snapped out of his daydreaming, and quickly started getting himself presentable again. He put his paci on the sink while he brushed his teeth and hair, attempting to get his hair parting just right. He quickly checked for pimples, pleased he found no fresh ones. No doubt he'd have some tomorrow after all the soft drink he'd had, but it was too late now. He popped his dummy back in, then stepped back into the pull up he'd removed prior to his getting into the shower, again marvelling at how thick, secure and safe he felt when it was on. As he pulled it up over his hips and genitals, he realised he was a bit tender down there.

He also realised that he felt a lot more calm and relaxed than he had prior to his shower. He was still super excited about his upcoming sleepover, but his stress levels seemed to have dropped. He found this interesting.

Padded up, he went back into his room, where again he heard his mother calling him, he cracked the door open, and called out "Down in a minute!"

He considered putting on one of the snap crotch onesie shirts he usually wore to school, but figured they wouldn't be as effective over his bigger, adult sized pull up. Anyway, he really didn't need to worry about hiding it anyway. Both Amy and Sonia knew he'd be wearing a nappy, so it seemed irrelevant.

He quickly put on clean cotton boxer shorts, blue with pictures of cars in them, a clean white Billabong t-shirt, and light blue knee length board shorts. He slipped his now clean feet into his flip flops, picked up his sneakers and gave his room a quick visual check over.

His eyes came to rest on his stuffed monkey looking down at him from his top shelf, and he whispered under his breath, "Guess what Monkey, I think I'm actually growing up at last!"

With that, he left his room and stepped onto the landing.

*079*2016-04-02 08:15

Chapter 29:

Amy's kitchen.

The taxi had just pulled out of the driveway, and Sonia and her daughter were now alone. After the hectic dramas that had taken place over the last hour, peace and quiet returned to the household. Sonia and Amy started clearing the table, and a sense of normality returned.

Sonia initiated the conversation. "So sweetheart, what big and exciting plans have you guys got for your first sleepover?"

Amy was positively bubbling with excitement. It was a side of her that Sonia hadn't seen for some time. Growing up without a dad, with only her mother and stepsister in the house, Amy had always been a girlie girl when she was little, enjoying princess dresses, tutus, frilly frocks and feminine things like that.

After her accident however, her attitude had gradually changed as she got older. She faced a lot of issues growing up, and as a result of her condition, had been forced to harden up a lot. Now she was forced into wearing dresses and skirts as a matter of convenience, and couldn't really wear jeans or shorts easily as they would make her underwear more noticeable, she had gradually started favouring darker tones. Plain denim was big, as was anything baggy and dark. She had started rebelling with her fashion choices, wanting multiple ear piercings and a nose ring. She wanted her navel pierced as well, but Sonia had balked at that, telling her daughter that wouldn't happen until she was at least 16.

Her prized Barbie doll collection was untouched by her ninth birthday, and she started spending more and more time listening to music, and less time running around playing. The exception was swimming. She had started lessons at age 9, and it seemed like one thing that she would get motivated to do. She never wanted to swim competitively, but just enjoyed her lessons and time spent at their own pool, or the local public pool. Sonia assumed (correctly) that it was in part due to the fact that it was something Amy could do without worrying about wetting her pants. If her tummy played up, she would wear a swim diaper under some shorts, but was usually able to just get away with a regular one piece, or as she got older, a bikini. It was one activity she could enjoy without being diapered or worrying about having an accident in her pants.

Sonia wouldn't have described her child as being "emo", "goth", or emotionally depressed, but she was definitely getting better at putting a wall up around her emotions, and putting a tough exterior out for the world to see. Sonia guessed it was sadly necessary in a way.

But this Amy, the one in front of her now, seemed to have lowered her defences a bit. She was smiling and making silly jokes with her small talk, and was obviously excited. Her conversations kept having the words "Dan" or "Danny" peppered through them, and her happy mood was palpable.

In response to her mothers question, she answered with enthusiasm. "I'm going to set the air beds up in the lounge, and we'll camp out in there. I'm gonna set my Xbox up so we can do some gaming, or we'll watch the TV. It should be fun! I'm going to set up some snacks and stuff, and we'll stay up late and just do whatever!"

"It's the whatever that worries me darling. I don't know if it's a great idea for you to be sleeping in the same room....."

"MUUUMMM!" She managed to drag that word out into at least 3 syllables. "Don't be stupid! We're just hanging out together. Nothing's gonna happen! Jeez! We are only 14 ya know? I've only known him for like a day. What sort of girl do you think I am? Besides, if we were gonna fool around, we'd just do it after you left!" She added this last remark with a big cheeky grin on her face, mock-challenging her mother to respond.

"I know sweetie. I do trust you. But what happens if either of you wake up wet? Wouldn't you rather have some privacy?"

"We'll probably both wake up wet mum. It's what makes this good. For the first time ever, we can both just relax and have a sleepover without worrying about other kids. It's not like we'll be changing in front of one another or anything, but it won't matter when we put our night diapers on. We won't have to try and hide them or anything. And it won't matter if we wet. Well for me, I should say when I wet. At least Dans got a chance of staying dry. I've got no chance have I?" With this, some of the bubbliness slipped away from her face. A harder tinge briefly shadowed her features again.

It made Sonia's heart ache, seeing her beautiful daughter so easily slip out of her good mood. She understood what an emotional day it had been for Amy. First, her hopes for an easy fix for her incontinence had been dashed, then she had messed in her diaper. She hadn't done that for weeks, maybe a month or two even, and every time it happened, it really upset her. Amy had grudgingly accepted her wetting, but truly hated soiling herself.

Amy's mother sighed. "Okay Amy. You win. I'll trust you guys. But please, don't let me down. Show me the same maturity with Dan that you have with your wetting, alright? I know you're a big girl now, but that's kind of what worries me sometimes. I just want you guys to have fun for once."

Amy smiled at her mother, with a tear in her eye, "We'll be good mum. No yucky stuff. Thanks for trusting me, I love you so much."

Suddenly a bit teary herself, she said "I love you too Amy. I just don't want bad things happening to you."

An uncomfortable silence threatened, so to quickly avoid it, Sonia asked, "So how are you going today? Do you need to change yet?"

Amy answered without hesitating. "I did wet myself earlier mummy, at the park, then a bit more when we got back. I'll need to change soon."

"What about your tummy? How's that holding up? No more yucky mess?"

"No mummy. Since this morning I haven't needed to go, at least until now. I can feel a bit of a need to poo again now, but I can control it again."

"Well why don't you leave the tidying up to me, go to the toilet, then get changed. Dan will be back soon."

"Thanks mum!" And with that, Amy left the room.

Sonia had a smile on her face. Her tough as nails daughter still regressed to calling her "mummy" whenever they discussed her nappy use. Sonia didn't even think that Amy realised that she did it. But Sonia knew by now that if "mummy" slipped out, it meant her daughter needed to change. Earlier on today, they had gone to her office and Amy waited in the car. Sonia was only inside for perhaps 6-7 minutes, and when she had returned, Amy had been sitting very still, and on the verge of tears. 

When she had asked her daughter what was wrong, the first thing Amy had said was "Mummy....", and straight away Sonia knew that her girl had either had a big pee leak, or soiled herself. As strange as it may seem, Sonia found it cute and endearing when her daughter called her mummy, even if it usually meant the worst had happened. She would never point it out to Amy though. Amy didn't go for being cute. When Sonia had pointed out her habit of putting her thumb in her mouth subconsciously when she wet, Amy had made a concerted effort not to do it anymore.

Leaving her mum in the kitchen, Amy went to the toilet. She removed her skirt, to provide better access to her diaper tapes. She hung her skirt on a hook on the door, and undid the tapes, catching her nappy before it could fall on the floor making a splat sound. She hated that sound. She sat on the toilet, naked from the waist down apart from her long socks. She had caught Dan staring at her socks a few times today. That was one reason that she had taken her shoes off at the playground, she had wanted to see if he reacted to the sight of her socks. She hadn't been disappointed. He had obviously liked them.

She didn't really understand it, but she still kinda did. Wearing socks or pantyhose without shoes always made her feel kind of sexy in a way, so she supposed that boys must like it as well.

She felt her bowels rumble, and soon after managed to poop normally. No diahreea. At least that episode was finished with for the time being. She picked up her nappy and inspected it. There were no embarrassing skid marks in it, which sometimes happened when her tummy acted up. But it was really wet though. She knew she had wet a little bit in her room with Dan before they went for their walk. Then she had wet herself by accident at the playground. She didn't think it had of been really big, but she couldn't always tell. 

When they had gotten back home, and Dans mum was on the phone to his uncle, and everyone had been focused on her conversation, Amy had taken the opportunity to do a "pre-emptive " strike, and empty her bladder discreetly while everyone had been distracted. If she had of been dry, she would of gone to the loo, but as she was already wet, she chose to use her nappy instead. She was still concerned whether or not it might mean she was indeed lazy, but she'd been choosing to use her nappy for convenience sometimes for years, ever since her mum had told her it was alright to do so.

She finished her business, cleaned herself, stood up and flushed. She put her skirt back on, then went into what she thought of as "her" bathroom, where she washed her hands after bagging then disposing of her nappy in the bin under the sink that had a secure lid and a scented liner.

The feeling of walking around without a diaper, or even underpants on was exhilarating, but still made her nervous. She wouldn't stay like this for long. She retrieved a wash cloth that she kept stashed under the sink where it couldn't be accidentally mistaken for a face washer, ran some warm water on it, then hitched her skirt up with her left hand while she thoroughly wiped her entire lower area, front and back with it.

Her mind turned to Dan. She had butterflies in her tummy. He was so sweet and nice. He acted protectively towards her, showed her compassion, and didn't give a damn about her incontinence. She thought he was very cute as well. He was slightly chubby in the belly, but that made him cuddly! She retrieved a big tube of nappy cream from the cupboard. Nappy rash was a constant war Amy fought. She tried her hardest not to stay wet for longer than necessary, and always used lots of creams or powder. Thankfully, she was rash free at present.

She squirted the cream into her fingertips, accidentally using more than she had intended too. Again she used her left hand to hold up her skirt. Still thinking about how cute Dan looked, she started applying the generous amount of anti rash cream front and back. As she rubbed it in, her thoughts about Dan turned to his diapers. She hadn't seen him wet himself yet, but she knew she wanted to. She figured if he would use his diaper around her, it would somehow put them on a more equal footing. As she applied the cream, making sure it was rubbed in properly, she imagined how he would look and react if he wet himself. She would like to find out.

She felt a shiver run through her. Her thoughts of Dan wetting his nappy had made her lotion application intensify. Suddenly, she stopped, gritting her teeth and curling her toes as a wave of pure pleasure washed over her.

"Oh Dan" she whispered.

A few minutes later she was in her room, deciding to wear a pull up instead of a full nappy this time. As she reached under the bed, she found Dans "kiddie pull up" stashed there. She ran her fingers through it, picturing him wearing this and nothing else.

She liked the image her brain produced.

As she pulled her pull up on, she was aware of how tingly she felt down there.

*080*2016-04-02 13:07

Chapter 30:

Dan started hurrying down the stairs. At the halfway point, they did a U-turn and doubled back on themselves before reaching the ground floor. Dan was approaching the bend, he looked over the railing and saw his uncle Steve standing next to his mother at the front door, an overnight bag sitting at their feet. He started to call out a greeting to his uncle, but as he spoke, he came to a startling realisation.

His pacifier was still in his mouth, and he hadn't noticed.

Moving like a ninja assassin, he spun around and dropped to his knees, throwing the bag onto the steps in front of him with one hand, and spitting his pacifier into the other hand all in one fluid motion. He quickly fumbled with the zip, before managing to slide it back far enough to stuff his paci into.

"Hey Danny boy! Whatcha doing mate? Are you ready or not?" Steve enquired.

"Hang on a sec, just making sure I've got my phone charger," came Dans reply. "Yeah, it's here, I'm good."

Feeling his pulse start to slow from the explosive pace it had shot up to when he had realised that he was about to walk in on his mother and uncle with his dummy in his mouth, and feeling a light sweat on his back, the boy managed to compose himself enough to run down and give his uncle a hug. Dan loved his uncle Steve and his partner Alex, and genuinely enjoyed their company.

"Ready for your big sleep over are you matey? Don't do anything I wouldn't do!"

"It's not likely uncle Steve. Amy's a girl after all!"

While Sue shrieked in abject mortification at Dans joke, both he and Steve cracked up laughing and hugged again. It was one of the things Dan loved about him. They teased each other mercilessly, and nothing was off limits, except Dans incontinence problems of course.

"Steve, give us a minute will you? Be there shortly. I just need to have a word with my apparently rude son!"

Steve laughed and walked to his car, a newish Toyota.

"Have you packed everything smarty pants? Are you taking some adult stuff like I asked?"

Dan pulled open the waistband of his shorts and boxers, exposing the wide elastic waistband of the pull up.

"Yeah mum. I'm even wearing one now, just in case. They feel comfy but sorta bulky."

"Wow sweetie! I really couldn't tell! You don't look any different whatsoever. I don't think anyone could notice that at all."

"Hope not mum," said Dan, mentally chuckling to himself that his mum at least couldn't tell he'd been wearing this same diaper earlier.

"Remember our talk Danny, and remember I love you."

"Me too mum."

"By the way, I tried calling your dad to tell him how we went at the doctors today, but he mustn't have service. So I sent him an e-mail, and told him all about it, and Jackie as well. I'd be surprised if he didn't know about her already though, as I'm sure she's been leaving messages for her husband by now."

With that, they left the house. Dan got in the back of the car, and Steve and Sue started talking. Comparing their separate conversations with Jackie, what they'd do when they got there, and a dozen other boring topics all at once. First of all Steve stopped at an ATM. Then at a deli for travel snacks and drinks, then finally a gas station. By this time Sue was getting frustrated.

"You do realise you could have gotten cash and food here, don't you?"

"Their foods crap, and I refuse to pay a fee for not using my banks ATM" Steve replied. "It's a rip off!"

"I'm going to need smokes" Sue muttered as Steve started to fill the car, so she got out and went inside the shop. While Steve was filling the car, Dan thought about what Amy had told him about doing a "pre-emptive" strike. He wondered if he'd ever be either brave or desperate enough to attempt one. He could see the logic behind it, and the thought of being in control of when and where he peed was attractive. He wondered if he could pee now if he chose to. He'd only peed in the shower not half an hour ago, but the massive amount of cordial he'd consumed today was still working through his system.

Steve hung up the pump, then opened the engine bay to check his oil and water. Before the hood went up, Dan saw his mother waiting inside, in a queue of people at the register. He knew he had time to try.

He took a deep breath and released it. He spread his legs slightly, and concentrated on his bladder. He did feel a slight need building up. It certainly wasn't urgent, and he did need to focus to feel it properly, but it was there. He COULD pee if he chose too.

Shaking slightly, he left his legs spread, and then relaxed his holding muscles. At first nothing happened. Then, he felt his boyhood spasm, and a hot dribble trickled out. There wasn't enough pressure built up to force a stream, but suddenly he was freely dribbling in his nappy, feeling the warm pee run over his balls in a little stream, before momentarily pooling under his butt, before being drawn into the soft, absorbent material in his pull up. He didn't pee hard, but did produce a constant dribble for at least 10 seconds, before gradually tapering off to nothing. He clenched his muscles, causing his privates to twitch, forcing a last squirt out.

Dan had just successfully had his first ever pre-emptive diaper pee. He'd wet himself on purpose.

Not long after Sue had returned, having paid for the fuel at the same time. She gave her brother instructions on how to get to Sonia's place, and they took off again, the grown ups chattering away in the front. It was nothing more than white noise to Daniel though.

He was sitting quietly in the back, filled with his own conflicting thoughts and feelings. He didn't know what to think. Only half an hour ago he had achieved a true milestone of growing up, when he experienced the full feelings of self pleasurement in his shower. This was after spending the day with a real girl, a girl he was sure he already had feelings for. The same girl that had, unknowingly to her thankfully, led him into the path of adulthood he had discovered while showering.

But the next thing he did was put on a diaper, talk to his old stuffed monkey, telling it he was growing up at last, right before he was so very nearly caught using a pacifier, and not long before he wet himself on purpose in the back seat of his uncles car.

As confused as he was, the irony of the situation was not lost on him.

If he didn't have his big sleepover looming large in his immediate future, he may have given it more thought. But for now, all he could think about was seeing Amy again.

*083*2016-04-02 22:03

{{

Is it bad that I keep checking back on this thread every hour or so for the new chapters to come out?! This is still really well written, do you do any creative writing elsewhere? because you seem to have a knack for it

}}

Thank yo very much! I really do appreciate that!

No, I don't. I haven't got any real experience with creative writing or anything like it at all. Although I do read a lot of fiction though, primarily horror or drama based. I love King, Koontz and stuff like that.

About a year ago I thought I'd try to write a short novel based on an idea I've had for a while. I have a notebook full of ideas and at least 18 chapter outlines, but have only managed 2 chapters. Basically I have no real idea how to write properly, in terms of syntax, sub-plots and the like. I'm happy with character development, but just don't know enough about professional style writing to do it properly. There is an amateur writers club in my area, and really, I AM gonna go there, soon, really I am, maybe next week, etc......

But thanks again. Glad your enjoying it. It's fun to write!

*084*2016-04-02 23:17

Chapter 31:

Steve pulled into the driveway, parking behind Sonia's Honda. Grabbing his bag and shoes, Dan followed the adults to the front door. He had lagged back a bit, suddenly worried he may have leaked when he peed sitting down. The small amount he'd released would have been adequately handled by his normal Goodnights, so the Molicare should have no problems, but he knew that peeing while seated was generally riskier. He quickly ran his hand all over his backside and between his legs, and was relieved to find he was perfectly dry. His diaper didn't even feel wet on his skin. It had absorbed his trickle completely, and drawn nearly all the moisture away.

This was his first experience with wetting an adult diaper, and he was absolutely amazed at the difference between his regular pull ups. His Goodnights worked well in stopping leaks, but always felt wet afterwards, especially since he had grown and was peeing more. But these grown up ones obviously held a huge amount more. As he'd practiced with wetting his "kiddie pull ups" before wearing them to school, he'd have to practice and experiment with these as well. If they could handle a large, full wetting, or multiple leaks like he'd just done on purpose, he may actually consider wearing these to school.

He would experiment he decided.

Before they got to the door, Amy opened it, looking out expectantly.

"Hi again" she exclaimed, "I thought I'd heard a car!"

Sue though to herself with a smile, "She's as bad as Danny! She's been waiting by the door for him. I think these kids of ours have definitely found something with each other. I hope it goes okay...." She let the thought trail off.

Soon, Sue, Steve and Sonia were talking in the dining room, making small talk and catching up. Amy led Dan to the lounge, where he deposited his heavy, bulging backpack.

"Did ya bring enough gear Catholic boy? It looks like your moving in!"

Dan smiled, a teeny bit embarrassed. "Not used to this type of thing, didn't know what to pack really,"

Amy just laughed, "I'm only stirring Dan, don't panic." She clapped her hands in an overly exaggerated fashion "I can't believe this, we are gonna have sssoooo much fun aren't we?" Her voice lowered,"I found your little pull up under my bed. Did your mum find out you'd changed?"

Dan said no, but told Amy how he was wearing the big pull up still, and his mum knew now he had one on,"She thinks it's one of my new ones though," he remarked.

"I can't wait for you to REALLY try it out Dan. You'll be so surprised how much better they are compared with what you're used to. You're going to have to use one to test it eventually so you can see for yourself."

He whispered back,"Ummm, I already kinda have. I did one of your pre-emptive strikes in it when we stopped for petrol."

Amy looked at Dan with amazement. "You did? I thought you wouldn't do that! I couldn't make you try it this afternoon!"

Dan was blushing furiously. He couldn't believe he'd just admitted to Amy that he had not only wet himself, but he'd done it on purpose. The funny thing is, while he did feel some embarrassment, he found that he really didn't mind it too much. "I guess I just felt strange about using it in front of you. I was alone in the car when I wet it, so it wasn't as bad." He paused before asking "What about you, have you, I mean are you, you know, like...did you wet yours again?"

"I wet earlier when we were all outside " she admitted. "But I got changed after you left. I've got a pull up on now, I'll save the big nappy for bed tonight."

He couldn't believe just how open and candid Amy could be about her diapers. He himself really badly wanted to talk all about them, but still found it a difficult topic to talk about. Perhaps later when they had some privacy he'd be able to talk more openly.

"One thing for sure Danny boy, I want you to try it out later. You don't have to use it in front of me of course, but you can go into the toilet or something, but you'll have to try it. You'll have to change before bed, so it would be a shame if you didn't experiment with it. Mine hold 3 or 4 decent wees without a problem. What do you reckon? Try it later?"

He couldn't believe he had only been here for 5 minutes, and they were already talking so openly about their diapers, but he wasn't complaining. He'd spent so long trying to ignore his problem and not discuss it with anyone, he felt the time was finally right to open up. There was so much he just couldn't talk to his mum about, and questions about diapers and things she couldn't answer anyway. He was so happy there was someone else, an equal, who wouldn't judge him and would openly talk about it without him feeling like a baby or an invalid. He decided he would use his diaper later.

His thoughts were interrupted by his mothers voice calling to him. The kids found the adults still standing near the door.

Sue pulled her son off to one side. "We've gotta go now mate. Are you sure your okay? Got everything?"

For just the briefest of moments, Dan thought he may cry, but thankfully the feeling passed quickly. Even though he was a big kid of 14, this was the first time he was ever going to spend the night without some form of his family around. He wouldn't admit it, but he was scared. He knew it was irrational, but he couldn't help it. Telling himself it was only for one night, he quickly pulled himself together. Sue had dug a $50 note out of her purse, and was handing it to him.

"Here you go sweetie. Don't bloody lose it, ok? And remember our talk, and behave yourself!"

Dan realised his mum was on the verge of tears as well. He accepted the money, and without warning wrapped her in a big hug, and kissed her cheek.

Thanks mummy, I mean mum. We'll behave ourselves. I love you. And tell Jackie I hope she's ok."

Smiling now, surprised by the unasked for kiss, and amused by the slip of the tongue causing the word "mummy" to spill from his lips, she returned the gesture and stood up.

Goodbyes were again given, and Sue and Steve left.

Feeling just a touch miserable for a brief moment, Dan composed himself quickly. This was no time to be feeling sad, his first ever sleepover had officially begun!

*086*2016-04-03 08:50

Chapter 32:

Sue and Steve hadn't even left the driveway before Amy took control. Her excitement was overwhelming.

"Come help me Dan. We'll get the air mattresses set up, with pillows and stuff. He helped her retrieve them from a hall cupboard, and they carried them and an electric pump back to the lounge.

"We bought 4 of these when we moved, 1 each for mum and me, plus Alison and nan. We didn't bring any furniture from back home, so we slept on these for a little while until we bought beds. They're actually really comfortable. This one is mine. Of course you can tell cause it's got stains on it."

The mattresses were blue vinyl, with a blue felt top on them. Amy's had a couple of round stains on the felt.

The kids pushed the two armchairs back, leaving a big open space to inflate the beds. Amy found some blankets and pillows, and soon they were inflating them.

At one point, the first mattress inflated and second one started on, Dan snuck another glance at Amy. She had her shoes off again, and had been busily setting up the pillows and things. Dan, wanting to get another glimpse of her long socks and shoeless feet, had found her momentarily still, her right hand raised to her mouth, a kind of fist formed, and her teeth gnawing on her thumbnail. She wasn't exactly sucking her thumb, but had it sort of in her mouth as she absentmindedly gnawed on her nail. As Dan watched, she snapped back to what she was doing, and resumed making the bed. In less than 10 minutes, the mattresses were inflated and the beds were made. Amy laid out a plastic backed picnic blanket down as a bottom sheet for both beds.

"Just in case" she explained.

Sonia ordered dinner. She suggested that fish n chips might be easier on her daughters tummy than Chinese food, so they settled on that. When the food arrived, she dished it up for the kids while she went to get ready for her date. The teenagers made happy small talk while they ate. They shared stories about their respective schools and childhoods, music, clothes and current teenager trends, but steered the conversation away from their problems and nappies. They both understood there would be enough time for that later.

While the kids ate, Sonia got ready for her date. Amy and Dan just didn't stop talking. They shared and laughed and talked, and all too soon had finished. Sonia's date, Ian, arrived, and made awkward small talk for a few minutes before they left.

"I don't really like him much, but mum seems too" Amy admitted to Dan.

Before she left, Sonia asked Amy to wash up, then she was gone.

Alone at last, the kids at first plonked themselves side by side on the couch. Amy couldn't help but notice the way Dan kept sneaking glances at her legs and feet, wrapped up as they were in her long, striped socks.

"He does like my socks" she thought to herself with a big grin, but she didn't say anything. It was nice to know she had something that Dan liked looking at. Despite her apparent outward self confidence, underneath her sometimes brash exterior, she was still a bit scared that maybe Dan was just maybe being super polite, and didn't really have any interest in her apart from being interested in their somewhat unique problems. If he thought that she looked sexy or cute in her socks, then that was another thing in her favour. Realistically she did know that he liked her, but 8 years of being primarily judged on her medical history had made her wary of people to a certain extent.

They spent some time just chilling out with each other on the couch, discussing possible gaming and TV options, snacks, parental interference, and other possible sleepover dilemmas. As neither of them had ever done this before, the suggestions ranged from the realistic to the ridiculous. Sneaking out for a late night exploration of the neighbourhood, a midnight feast of cake, a late night swim in the pool, and staying awake all night were just some of the suggestions offered.

"Mum was worried enough to have a talk to me" Amy told Dan. "She wasn't keen on us sleeping in the same room. I don't know what she thought we'd do, or maybe I do. But I couldn't believe how stupid she must think I am. I told her I was only 14, I wasn't going to be running away with you or anything!"

"My mum had the exact same talk with me! I said the same thing! It's like they must think we're like sex crazed or something! I told her the same thing. It's a bloody sleepover. You'd think they'd be a bit more chilled out wouldn't you? You know, like happy we're making friends and shit. One minute I'm not trying hard enough to make friends, the next I feel like I'm a rapist or something! I don't get old people sometimes."

Amy wholeheartedly agreed, but suddenly and without warning leaned over and kissed him on the cheek. "Maybe they should worry......" She said, as she hopped up and started walking off. "Come on, help me wash up."

Dan was momentarily floored by the unexpected kiss, plus her comment, but like any good Catholic boy should, he got up to help.

*087*2016-04-03 10:07

Chapter 33:

There wasn't much washing up to do. The platters and glasses from the afternoon, the two plates the kids used at dinner, and some odds and ends. Dan washed, while Amy dried and packed away. They had finished, but before he could drain the sink, Amy declared "Hang on a minute. Let me check the outside table."

He waited at the sink, and a moment later Amy walked back in, a mischievous looking grin on her face, and said "Look what I just found!"

In one hand she held 2 empty wine glasses and a small plate with some biscuits and cheese left on it, in the other, a wine bucket with the bottle sticking out of it.

Dan just looked at her quizzically, not understanding what the big deal was. With a sudden cry of "Tah-Dah!" Amy produced the wine bottle, with still a third of it remaining.

"Ever had a drink before, Catholic boy?" She asked in a teasing voice.

Suddenly feeling a bit nervous, but determined to maintain his composure, Dan replied, trying to sound casual, "Yeah, of course I have. Every time dad gets back from his swing, we have like a tradition going. We have a barbecue, and he lets me have a glass of beer, and we just talk about stuff. He started letting me have a small glass with him since I turned 13. Plus I'm allowed to have a little glass of wine at Christmas dinner or stuff like that."

"I don't like beer, but mum lets me have a little sip of her wine sometimes, and same as you, I get a small glass on special occasions and stuff. But what do you reckon about this? There's at least a good glass each here. We can pour it out, orrrr, we could drink it?"

Not wanting to appear wimpy or anything, the boy replied "Of course we'll drink it. It'd be a waste otherwise!"

Amy put the glasses down, undid the cap, and poured the contents into the two glasses. There was enough to make both glasses really full, fuller than what a normal glass of wine would be. The kids looked at each other nervously. Both wanting to appear cool and calm, but both as scared as hell underneath.

This was the first test. They had been talking up their sleepover, setting targets for what mischief they could get up to. Now it was crunch time. They were alone, no grown ups to boss them around, and the very first chance to do something illicit had presented itself. Admittedly it was kind of mild, but they were both aware of the way their mothers would react if they ever found out that their children had been consuming alcohol unsupervised.

"Cheers big ears" Amy said, and took a sip of the white wine, and not succeeding in her effort to not wince as she swallowed.

"To your health" said Dan, as he took a sip, then screwed his face up. "Oh my God. That's disgusting!" He blurted out.

Amy cracked up. "Thank God! I thought it was just me! That really tastes like shit doesn't it?"

They agreed that they couldn't understand the adults love of wine, but also that they would knuckle down and finish it. As Dan washed and Amy dried, they forced themselves to keep sipping.

"Amy, what if your mum notices we've been drinking? She'll tell my mum for sure, and we'll both be in the shit then!"

"Mum won't be back for at least 3 hours, even longer if the have coffee after. It's only a glass of wine each. We'll wash the glasses and put everything away and she won't know."

By the time they'd finished the rest of the washing up, they still had at least half a glass left each, so they agreed to "skol" them back quickly to hide the evidence. With everything safely packed away and all evidence hidden, and with more than a slight alcoholic buzz going, they retired to the lounge room.

*090*2016-04-03 22:43

Chapter 34:

They sat in silence for a moment, on opposite ends of the couch with a gap between them. Amy broke the silence first.

"I don't know about you Danny, but I think I can feel the wine. I feel a bit, I dunno, sort of lightheaded?"

"Me too. I hope we don't end up drunk or sick or anything. If your mum finds out....."

"Yeah. Maybe we should drink some water or something. What do you reckon?"

Dan agreed, and Amy got up off the couch. She had to negotiate her way around and over the air beds on the floor, which were taking up most of the available space. She placed a foot around the first one, into the gap between them, but as she tried to swing her other leg over, she lost her balance, swivelling around in the process, and toppling over backwards onto her mattress. She landed hard, but thankfully safely on the bed with her head hitting the pillow. Her skirt hitched up during the tumble, and she shrieked as she landed with her skirt lifted enough to expose the big pull up she wore under it. It only took a second to happen, and before either of them could react, she was flat out on her back, nappy exposed.

After the initial shock, the humour of her tipsy fall settled on them. They made eye contact, and the ridiculousness of the situation hit them simultaneously. Amy snorted through her nose, making a loud noise, Dan almost choked with a sudden attack of giggling, and they both erupted in tipsy laughter. Dan fell backwards with laughter. He was giggling and couldn't stop. Amy was laying down spread eagled and almost in tears, snorting and giggling at the same time. Neither of them could immediately speak.

Amy sat up, giggling uncontrollably. She pushed her hands against the front of her exposed nappy, and still giggling away she tried to speak.

"Dan. Oh Dan. DanDanDan! Oh God! I'm wetting myself! I can't stop! "

This had an immediate effect on the boy. His laughter stopped, and his eyes were drawn to her hands, which were both pressed tight against the nappy. Her head was down, and she was staring at it as well. Her legs were stretched out flat in a V shape and she appeared temporarily frozen on the spot. She sat like that for about 10 seconds, then looked up and saw Dan watching her. She didn't make any immediate move to try to pull her skirt down, just sat still and stared at him for a second, making direct eye contact.

"I just wet myself!" She repeated. That was enough to start them both laughing again. It appeared to be one of the funniest things either of them had ever seen or done, but no doubt the alcohol was playing a part. Eventually the laughter died down, and Dan stood up, offering Amy his hand and pulling her to her feet.

Together they stepped around the beds, and went to the kitchen, Amy smoothing her skirt back into place. Once there, Amy produced 2 glasses from the cupboard and filled them with water, handing one to her friend.

"That was, without doubt, the funniest thing I've ever seen" Dan told her.

"I can imagine! It was pretty damn hilarious from my angle as well!" She replied.

With that remark, another smaller fit of giggles ensued, but they were regaining control again now.

Dan observed "I think we might be a little bit drunk Ames, we really do need to get some water into us before your mum gets back."

She agreed, and together they took big gulps.

"So, uh, you really did, uh, wet yourself did you?

"Oh yeah! I couldn't stop! When I stood up I knew I needed to pee, and when I fell I think I squirted a bit, but stopped. But when we started laughing I lost it all together. It was a pretty big one as well."

"Do you, like, umm, need to go change or anything?" He asked awkwardly.

"Not yet. I told you these Molicares are so much better than what you're used too. It'll be fine until I change for bed. I won't bother with a new one yet. If I keep giggling like that, I'll only wet myself again anyway. No point wasting a good nappy!"

They each took another big drink of water, aware that they probably did need to sober up a bit. Amy had a cheeky smile on her face. She was a bit flushed, obviously a bit embarrassed, but it didn't stop her from asking "You know something? You never answered my question earlier. Are you going to try your diaper out properly later? You've just watched me wet mine, I think it's only fair that I watch you wet yours!"

Dan was taken aback by her directness. "Amy, I do want to try it out, and I probably will later. I'm really interested to find out what a big wetting feels like in one. But I don't think I could do it while you were watching me! I promise I'll try it out, but in the bathroom or something okay?"

If she was disappointed it didn't show. She said "Deal!" and they shook hands on it.

"You know Ames, I don't know whether I should watch my drinking or not. I mean, I do intend to do a big wee in it later, so I'll need to hold on for awhile, and it's a given that I'll probably wet the bed tonight anyway, but I don't want to really actually get the bed wet, you know? I don't want pissy sheets tomorrow."

"If you wear the tape on nappy, you won't leak. Just trust it!"

"How come your beds got stains on it if they don't leak then?" He asked.

"I wasn't wearing one then Dan. I had a pull up on, but must've twisted around during the night and it kinda stretched a bit or something. I felt a bit wet when I woke up, but for a change I could feel that I needed to pee badly. I don't always feel it ya know? But I could this time, and I knew I was already wet so I just let go. But as soon as I started, I had pee running everywhere and I couldn't stop. We never could get the stain out of the felt on the air bed."

"That's what I'm afraid of." He said.

"Don't be Dan. Both mum and I have seen more than enough wet sheets and beds to last us a lifetime. It's really no big deal to either of us anymore. Plus you'll have an actual diaper on, not just a pull up. They don't leak. Trust me. Now drink up, I want you to be nice and full for your test run later. Even if you stand in the shower when you wet, but I want you to be really full when you do it, so drink!"

They refilled their glasses again and went back to the lounge, taking up their original positions on the couch.

"So Danny boy, tell me about some of your embarrassing accidents, and I'll tell you mine!"

*095*2016-04-04 10:40

Chapter 35:

Dan took a deep breath. He knew that the alcohol was screwing with his judgment a bit, but he didn't care. He felt his usual shy reserve slipping, and decided, just for once, he was going to talk about "stuff."

"Alright Ames, you're on. But first let me tell you something else. I spent a lotta time thinking about this kinda stuff since this afternoon, and I worked some things out. First, I hate talking about my problems, it really makes me feel kinda stupid, you know?"

Amy, worried that she'd upset him, tried to interject, but he held up his hand and cut her off before she could speak.

"No, just let me finish. I've always hated telling people about my accidents and stuff. That means my pairs, doctors and everyone else as well. It's always been a, I dunno, bad thing that I've hated having to mention. Until now. I thought about it ever since we left earlier, and ya know what? I sorta realised that I kinda WANT to talk about it now! I'm just so fucking sick of hiding my problem from everyone."

"Remember when we first talked in your room earlier? We both admitted to each other that we wet our beds and stuff? I've never told another kid about that, ever. But it felt good to. You're the first person who hasn't seen me have an accident that I've ever spoken to about it. Most of my family have seen me wet at some stage, but you hadn't, and I just told you. It felt really, really good to just tell another kid what sometimes happens, and not get laughed at. So I WILL tell you. I've gotta be honest, I think I might be a little bit drunk, but I really want to share stuff with you. If that's okay?"

Amy, who hadn't been expecting a serious reply, was taken aback. Being a bit drunk herself, she had meant her comment to be lighthearted. Wetting her pants was a more common thing for her, and while she could be shy about it in front of strangers, she just didn't consider this teenage boy to be a stranger anymore. Admittedly she had only known him for half a day, but in that short time she had already shared more with him than she had ever shared with anyone of her own age before. She realised then, that talking about it wasn't as easy for him, and she had pushed him ever so slightly. The fact that he wasn't upset, and seemed prepared to open up to her, made her young heart swell a bit.

She sidled over closer and took his hand in hers, squeezing it gently. "Oh Dan, I'm sorry for being a bitch and pushing you. Ya don't have to tell me anything! Just tell me to mind my own business!"

Dan squeezed her hand back, "No Ames, I wouldn't do that, I actually really want to talk to you about it."

*096*2016-04-04 13:22

Chapter 36:

"Alright. Where to start then? I guess from when I was really little. Mum tells me I was really late to toilet train. I was still wearing nappies all day until I was like nearly 5 or so, but apparently I just sorta picked it up all at once. By the time I started going to school, I was out of daytime nappies but still wet the bed."

"But I did wet my pants a fair bit when I was a little kid though. Not like all the time or anything, but I'd have accidents sometimes you know? I had a fair few accidents until I was 9 or 10, then they nearly stopped for a long time, with only an odd one happening sometimes. But then they started happening a lot more again when I turned 13."

"Mum said to me today in the car, after Dr Singhs appointment, that perhaps my small bladder might have always been the problem, but I'd had x-rays done heaps of times, and nobody ever noticed it before, so I dunno."

"In primary school I only had 2 accidents at school, but a few at home or out and about though. The first was in grade 1 I think, I wet myself in class, but I don't really remember it. In grade 4, I didn't make it to the toilet in time, but no one really saw me, so I kinda got away with it then."

" The first time we realised something was wrong when I got older, I had an accident with my friends at the skate park. No one saw me, but I just totally pissed myself before I knew that I'd needed to go!" He told her the story of his first teenage accident.

"But I then had 3 accidents in high school after that though. That's why I had to change schools. The first wasn't to bad. I leaked a bit at lunchtime on the way to the toilet, and had a little wet patch on my pants. My friends noticed and started to stir me up about it, but I laughed it off. I told them I'd splashed water on myself while washing my hands, and they believed it. The next time was in art class. Without even feeling the need to go, I just suddenly kind of got full instantly and pissed myself in my chair. We were using watercolours, and I had a big jar of water on my desk, so I spilled it on my pants to try and hide it, but I'd left a big puddle on the floor, plus my arse was all wet as well, so the other kids knew what I'd done."

"It was weird. You'd expect to cop a lot of grief, being a 13 year old pants-wetter in high school, but it wasn't too bad. Word spread around, and I did cop some teasing from the other boys, but really not as much as you might think though. Mostly it was along the lines of teasing me about not going to the potty on time and stuff like that. It went on for awhile, but died out quicker than I expected."

"That was grade 7. But when I wet myself this year, in grade 8, my life at that school ended. That was only a couple of months ago, halfway through the first term. My old school had a few "free clothes" days during the year. You could pay a $2:00 donation to charity, and wear regular clothes to school instead of the uniform. I chose to wear my West Coast Eagles football team colours. I know you don't follow football, but it was an Eagles jumper and footy shorts. Footy shorts are pretty short, a lot shorter than these boardies. My football shorts are like a blue colour, royal blue I think they call it. I wore my long Eagles socks and everything."

I was in an "outdoor pursuits" class. That meant one day a week we'd leave the school and do something healthy or educational. You know what I mean. We'd go for a hike or nature walk, surfing, swimming or something. We even did a little boat cruise once. But on the free clothes day, we went beach fishing. We took the school bus, and went to the local beach. It was the first class of the day, and I didn't get a chance to pee first. I wasn't too concerned, cause there are toilets at the beach. I mean I was a bit worried of course. 

As I just told you, I'd already wet myself a few times since I turned 13, so I knew an accident was possible, but I really thought I'd be alright. But when the bus pulled up in the car park, we all noticed the cops around the toilet block. Someone had died there, and they were closed. The next closest toilet was a long way down the beach, so I was kinda stuck. We all took our shoes and socks off, and walked onto the beach. I was really busting by now, and I guess I sorta knew that there was no way I was gonna make it."

"I tried to hold it. I really did. I was holding myself with my hand, just like a little kid would. I asked my teacher for permission to go for a walk to the other toilet block, but he wouldn't let me go unsupervised. I had my legs crossed by now. I didn't give a shit how silly I looked. I was holding myself while I pleaded. Think about how stupid I looked. This was only a couple of months ago, and I'm jumping around like a baby in front of my whole class. I had just decided I was going to just run into the water and pee, when I felt my hand getting wet. I stood in front of my teacher and the whole class, and peed through my shorts into my hand. My blue shorts got soaked, and it was so super obvious to anyone who looked, but I had to leave them on for 3 hours until we finished fishing. I cried in front of everyone, just like a little kid would. My shorts dried quickly enough, but showed a big stain afterwards."

"Of course every single boy had either seen me wet myself, or seen my wet shorts afterwards, so I couldn't even lie about it or find an excuse for it. Some boys used their phones to send messages to their friends at school. The bus arrived back at lunchtime, and there was a big crowd of boys waiting to see the grade 8 boy who had peed his pants."

"I cried again, and got sent to the office to ring mum to come and get me. The teasing got so bad after that, mum and dad pulled me out of there and I started at St Marks this term. So far so good there. I wear my "kiddie pull ups" and although I have a small leak sometimes, I haven't had a full on wetting yet. That's another reason why I want to try out these adult pull ups properly, if they work well and I can keep them hidden, I might try wearing them to school, just in case."

"Ive had lots of wet pants at home and stuff over the years, but the only other real bad one I remember happened when I was 9. Now remember this was before we knew I had a problem, so it wasn't expected. Although I had little mishaps sometimes, apart from my bed wetting, real big accidents weren't common back then."

"One day mum picked me up after school, and said we had to stop at K-Mart. She wanted to buy some presents or something. I didn't want to walk around shopping, so I headed to the toy department. Mum said to stay there, and she'd come and get my soon. I was wearing my primary school uniform, white shirt and grey shorts. I spent ages looking around at all the cool stuff, but soon knew I needed to do a wee. I looked around for mum, but she wasn't anywhere near me. Just like what happened at the beach not long ago, I started crossing my legs and holding on with my hands. 

Eventually I decided I had to find my mum. I needed to go to the toilet immediately, but there was no way I could leave the store without her. Holding myself with my hand, I headed off to the women's section where I hoped to find her. But she must've been coming the other way to get me, and we missed each other. I kept walking around and around the whole shop, pee dancing the whole time. I couldn't let go of myself as I knew I'd wet myself, so I kept a grip on my shorts with my hand."

"After what seemed like years, I just couldn't hold on anymore. I felt my pee start to run down my legs, and I just stopped still and gave up. I must've been holding on to a lot, cause I peed what seemed like gallons. I absolutely soaked my shorts, they were dripping wet, and I had wee all over my legs. Even my socks were soaked. I stood in the middle of an aisle, with a huge puddle under my feet, and I started crying. A nice old lady came up and asked me what was wrong. As if it wasn't totally obvious, I just screamed out I want my mummy! I wet my pants!"

"The nice lady led my up to the front counter. I was walking real funny trying to keep my legs apart, but still holding the front of my shorts. I still remember how that big wet patch felt under my hands. When I got there, they asked my name, and I struggled to say it. I was sobbing and crying and just kept saying I wet myself."

They called mum over the loudspeaker, or called for the parents of a boy named Dan anyway, and soon mum showed up. I'd never been so glad to see her before. She was a bit pissed off at me because I hadn't stayed where she told me too, but when she saw my wet pants she calmed down a lot and gave me a hug. But after that, we still had to pay for the stuff she wanted, then walk out of the mall with all the people in it. I was still, what's the word? Inconsolable? I kept crying, and had my left hand stuck to the front of my wet shorts, and I wouldn't let go of mums hand with my right one. I wouldn't keep my legs together cause they had wee all over them. I made such a scene, and it was sooo obvious to everyone what I'd done."

"Then, when we got home, dad was mowing the lawn, and saw me get out of the car in my wet pants. Mum told him what I'd done, and he was real mad. He made me have a shower, then I had to wear a Goodnight and a singlet and nothing else till I went to bed. I wet myself again after dinner as well, and he got mad again."

Dan finished speaking. He took his glass and had a big drink of water, then replaced it on the coffee table. He didn't quite know how he felt. On one hand, it was easily the most embarrassing speech he'd ever given in his entire life. Only a couple of hours ago, he was feeling more mature and grown up than he'd ever felt. Now, whilst reliving his past dramas, he again felt small and childish. He'd just told this pretty girl about how he'd wet himself numerous times, the last one in front of his whole class at school, and how he had cried after.

Not exactly the hallmark of a young man, or even a big kid. He didn't really understand how it had all just spilled out of him like that. But it was like once he'd started talking, he just had to continue. He knew Amy had her own problems, but how could she ever like someone who not only wet themselves, but talked about it in all its gory details? She probably had written him off as a complete loser by now.

But on the other hand, it felt so good to just open up and spill all the beans. He'd kept all this bottled up for so long, he felt like a load had been lifted. He just hoped Amy wouldn't think bad things about him. That would be even worse that peeing yourself at school.

They were still holding hands at least. That was a good sign. He looked at her nervously and shrugged.

"That's all I guess. Now you now my dirty secrets!"

When she suddenly grabbed him and squeezed him in a giant hug, he could've just about had a heart attack. He didn't expect that reaction at all.

"Dan, you are amazing. I'm so happy we met. We are going to be very good for each other!"

Then she kissed him, on the lips. At least twice.

*098*2016-04-04 23:58

Chapter 37:

They spent a few seconds just holding each other. In an unspoken way, their bond had just re-asserted itself even more. If there had been any doubt in either of their young minds about how each other was feeling towards themselves, it was quickly dissipating.

Amy sat back, took a big drink of water and took a breath.

"Dan, can I ask you one more question? Trust me, you really don't have to answer it. Just tell me to mind my own business, like I said before. I know you won't want to tell me, but as its a part of my life, I'm gonna ask you anyway, if that's okay?"

Daniel, having absolutely no idea where this was going, smiled somewhat nervously at his friend. He couldn't imagine that there was anything worse he would find to talk about, so he told her to just ask him anything."

When she did, he wished she hadn't.

"Danny, have you ever pooped your pants as well?"

He felt the heat rising to his face at once. The question absolutely floored him, and he just swallowed without saying anything. After a few seconds of silence, Amy took his non response as meaning that she had totally crossed the line this time, and she stammered an apology, and attempted to explain why she had asked it, but retract it all at the same time.

"Oh Danny. I'm sorry. I shouldn't...I mean you don't have to, that was wrong, it's just that, Dan, I mean because..."

He squeezed her hands to calm her.

"Ames. Trust me. It's okay. I understand. I don't mind at all really. I just wasn't expecting that is all. "

He let her compose herself before he continued.

"Knowing the tummy problem you have, and what it does to you, let's me understand why you'd ask. I guess because that sort of thing hasn't been as big a part of my growing up as its been for yours, I just wasn't thinking along those lines. Wetting myself has always been my number 1 problem."

Without warning, Amy cracked up laughing.

Dan looked at her quizzically. He was being dead serious with her. Amy had asked him a question, and he intended to answer it, but now she was laughing, almost uncontrollably, and he didn't get what the joke was. She had her thumb slightly in her mouth again as she rocked backwards in the couch.

"I told you I'd probably pee myself again if I laughed! I just leaked again Dan!" And another burst of giggling ensued.

Dan looked a bit frustrated. He couldn't get the joke. Seeing his confusion, Amy explained.

"I'm sorry Danny. But that cracked me up. Think about what you just said." Another giggling fit erupted. "Oh, I must be drunk, I'm sorry."

Seeing the frustrated and confused look on his face, she explained through snorts of laughter.

"You said, Wetting. Myself. Is. My. Number. One. Problem! NUMBER ONE PROBLEM! It must be if you have problems with going number one in your pants!" With that she was off again.

Suddenly the light bulb above Dans head went off, and he got the joke. He started laughing as well, and once again any tension had left the room.

When they'd calmed down, Amy again withdrew the question, but Dan was adamant he would answer it.

"Ames, I want us to be close. I want to share stuff with you. I told you I was going to tell you stuff, so I will."

He looked at her directly.

"Yes Amy, I have pooped my pants before, not often, but it's happened. I can only think of 3 times. The first time I was only little, maybe 6 or so. I was sick, so didn't go to school. I'd spent most of the day sleeping on the couch, and had a bucket with me in case I threw up. Because I'd been sleeping, I was wearing a Goodnight. I remember feeling like I needed to pee, but feeling like I was going to spew as well. Well, I did start spewing, and I wet myself at the same time. The next thing I know, I'm throwing up and pooping at the same time. I remember mum giving me a shower after I'd stopped. "

"The next one was a lot more embarrassing. When I was younger, I'd swim in our pool a lot in just my underpants. If mum said I could have a swim, it didn't make a lot of sense to change into dry clothes and jump in the pool, so I'd just take my pants off and swim in my undies. I stopped doing that when I was about 10. The funny thing is, I'd still wear Speedos, which are only like undies anyway, but I got a bit more self conscious about running around in just my knickers."

"Now our pool has pavers around it, and then a fence. On the outside of the fence is the lawn, and a shed. Mum and dad didn't want me doing a wee in the pool if I could help it, but they didn't want we dripping water through the house either, so I'm supposed to get out of the pool, go through the pool gate, and pee beside the shed on the grass. I still do that now if I need to go. I like peeing outside to tell you the truth."

"But there was a naughty thing I'd do sometimes. If I was wearing my shorts, I'd pull them down or undo the fly, but if I was only wearing my undies or my Speedos, I'd hide beside the shed and just wet myself. I think it was just nice to go in my pants and get away with it. I'd hold on as long as I could, and there were a few times when I waited to long and wet in the pool by accident and not said anything, but I'd wait till I was busting, then run behind the shed and go in my wet pants and nobody would know. I think mum knew, cause she caught me a few times. She'd be keeping an eye on me if I was in the pool, and if I disappeared she'd look for me. I know she saw me peeing through my Speedos or undies a few times, but she never told me off for it. I suppose she was just glad I wasn't doing it in the pool."

"But this particular day, I would've been 10. All I was wearing was my white briefs. I remember them perfectly after what happened. They were all white, but had a picture of Shrek right on the front. I loved those Shrek undies."

"So I waited till I was desperate, then I got out of the water. Mum wasn't swimming, just sitting outside with a coffee keeping an eye on me. I climbed out, and ran behind the shed telling mum I had to do a wee. When I got there, I did what I normally did. I spread my legs open and peed through my pants, watching it run out through Shreks face. I'd nearly finished, and tried to push the last bit out, but when I pushed, a big bit of poo came out as well. Only 1, but it was a good one. I sorta waddled back to mum with a big log in my undies. I had to stop swimming of course and have a shower, and mum threw my favourite Shrek knickers away. That upset me, but I probably wouldn't of wanted to wear them again after that anyway."

Amy snorted a bit at that. "Aww Danny. That's kinda cute! How did your mum react? Was she mad, did ya get into trouble or anything?"

"No not really. We were both just shocked at what had happened. I didn't even cry, I was just a bit, sorta numb I guess, standing in front of mum, dripping wet, and a big poo in my undies."

"She didn't even ask how or why I did it. The first thing she said, was to just ask me if I'd finished, or did I still need to go. I told her I'd finished, so she had me stand still, and she went inside and got a plastic bag. She helped me to carefully take my knickers off so nothing fell out, then she just folded them up, and tied them inside the bag. She turned me around to make sure I didn't have any on me, then she marched me naked to the toilet. What was embarrassing though, is she wiped my bum for me. Except for when I'd messed my Goonight when I'd been little and sick that other time, she hadn't had to wipe my bum since if stopped wearing my daytime cloth nappies nearly 6 years beforehand. That was embarrassing. Then I had a shower. After that, I wasn't allowed back in the pool for a couple of days, just in case. I spent the rest of the day in a pull up as well. But she really didn't get mad."

"The last time it happened, it wasn't big, and nobody knew, but it was kinda bad because of my age I guess."

He sighed. "Ames, I had a little accident only a month ago. It was a Saturday I think, so I wasn't at school. I was just chilling in my room, and cause I wasn't at school, I didn't have a pull up on. I've only started wearing them to school this term, or since then if I go out. I don't wear them at home unless I'm going to bed. I was wearing my jeans, and laying on me bed, reading. I felt like an urge to, you know, fart I guess. I lifted my bum up to fart, and a little bit of runny poo came with it."

Amy laughed. "That's called a "shart" Dan. Like if you fart and shit at the same time. Trust me. It happens!"

He laughed at the word "shart." He hadn't heard it before. He continued.

"I ran to the toilet, but I hadn't messed to badly. I just had a bit of a skid mark in my briefs. I snuck them out to the trash afterwards."

He took another big drink of water.

"Well, that's it Amy. ALL of my embarrassing toilet stories. It's time for you to tell me yours!"

