Pretty Little Liars FanFic (Series)

Author: freepostage

*006*2013-07-31 04:42

Chapter 2:

Emily was now shifting from side to side, finding herself to be more desperate than she had anticipated being. The talent night went on and Emily tried to stop focusing so much attention on her bladder and think more about the A situation, even though it was stressing her out. Emily had so much on her plate right now: finding a college she can afford without her swimming scholarship, A messing with her parents, thinking about how her relationship with her girlfriend Paige might fail if they attend different colleges.

Paige's ears must have been burning because at that moment she waltzed into the Brew and walked right up to the counter, kissing Emily passionately on the mouth. The kiss was so intense for a moment Emily stopped focusing her attention on holding her bladder and got lost in the romance. This was a mistake because the urge to pee suddenly intensified and Emily was convinced she was about to pee herself, but broke the kiss just in time to shove both hands in her crotch and double over.

"Are you okay, baby?" Paige asked, her face full of worry. Before responding Emily really noticed Paige's appearance and remarked silently how much she had changed since they met. Her chestnut brown hair was long and flat ironed straight, the gloss shining under the lights. She wore makeup now; blush up her cheeks and mascara highlighting her eyes so they looked big and doe-like. She had even become more stylish, straying away from her usual look of loose jeans and a t-shirt to a pair of black skinny jeans, black sparkly flats, and a checkerboard tank top under a black cardigan with white buttons. "Emily! Are you okay?!" Emily snapped back to reality and noticed she was still leaning forward with both hands in her crotch. Embarrassed, she removed them and relief washed over her when she only felt her need to pee increase a small bit.

"Yes, I'm fine, I just really have to pee and I don't have the key to the bathroom." Emily glanced at the bathroom door again, sighing because a toilet was just behind that door but she couldn't get inside of it to feel relief. "Oh, well can't Jen or Jenny or whatever her name is cover for you so you can go somewhere else?" Paige asked. Emily sadly shook her head. "No" she replied reluctantly "She quit today and it's only me and the new guy, who in no way can run this place himself. He doesn't know how to use the machines yet and my boss will kill me if she knows I left my post. Besides, it's getting late, I know the boutiques are all closed so I don't have very many options."

There was a moment of awkward silence while Paige smiled at Emily, both sympathizing for her situation but thinking she was really cute when she had to pee this badly. She remembers when Emily and her went camping and Emily insisted on only peeing in a proper toilet since she's too shy to pee outside. Paige camped often and had no problem squatting down in the woods, but Emily was stubborn and said she wouldn't pee until they were done camping. Paige watched her girlfriend grow more and more uncomfortable and could see the pain in her face so she suddenly had the genius idea to hold Emily down and tickle her until her need was so bad she would be forced to water the grass.

Emily shrieked and laughed, telling Paige to stop or she would wet herself, then bolted to the exit of the tent, struggling with the tent's zipper to get it down. She danced on the spot until she burst into the sunlight and didn't bother to even walk a few feet, just let loose next to the tent. Paige could clearly hear the hiss of pee as it hit the grass and was happy her lover didn't need to go anymore. Paige looked up at Emily again and could see the same pain in her face she saw at the campsite but knew this time there wasn't much she could do to help.

A few customers were clearly uncomfortable as well and after noticing that the bathroom was out of order they decided to leave. Talent night was clearing out quicker than expected, which Emily was really excited about because maybe she could close early or at least leave Collin alone when customers were gone while she found somewhere to relieve herself. Even Aria and Hannah were growing uncomfortable, feeling the coffee flow into their bladders. Neither girl was nearly as bad off as poor Emily but it sure was not a good night for the bladders of these four girls, just as A had predicted.

Someone walked in suddenly that caught the attention of all of the girls. It was Lucas, the guy who was once bullied into being on the A team and was in love with Hannah. None of the liars trusted this boy as far as they could throw him, but his presence really threw them off. He had been mostly absent for awhile and he looked very disheveled, which was not typical Lucas behavior. His normal baby face was now covered in an uneven beard and his flannel shirt was ripped. His hair was growing long and seemed dirty. For the first few moments no one even recognized him.

Emily took this moment to abandon her post (she could still see the register clearly from where she was sitting) to join the other beautiful liars while they all stared at Lucas. He stumbled in, almost seeming drunk, and gravitated toward their table. Before anyone could even greet him Lucas said "I'm here on business, not to make friends. Mona sent me, and I won't be back for awhile." He slammed a folder onto their table loudly that was full of Allison's old diary entries and strange snippets and clues, immediately recoiling from it like the folder was tainted. He staggered over to the counter and Emily stood up to make him his drink, noticing how heavy her bladder felt as she stood up. There was a bolder in her belly and she remembered her pants were unbuttoned as she walked, feeling them slide down so far that from behind just the top of her panties were peeking out.

Lucas met Emily at the register, ordered a tea, and then slipped her a bag of five pills. "What's this?" Emily asked, wary of accepting anything from Lucas, especially after she had been drugged before by him. "The same pain medication you were taking from your mother. I'm not setting you up, I'm here to help. If you want them, take them, if you don't flush them." Emily winced at the word "flush" but put the pills in the pocket of her apron anyway. She was extremely wary to take them because of all of the issues she had with abusing the medication in the past and family services looming, but her head was spinning from stress and her bladder ached. Emily's injured shoulder was also throbbing and it didn't take more than a few minutes before she decided to take two pills. Besides, she recognized what they were and the pills from a few days ago would show up in a drug test anyway, so what would it hurt?

Lucas walked out the door as quickly as he walked in, sipping his tea and disappearing into the blackness of the night. The Brew was emptying out now aside from Aria, Hannah and a group of loud jocks that never bought coffee but wanted free water the whole night. The girls were chattering about what was in the folder but were wary to go through too much information in public, especially without Spencer. Hannah complained about the closed bathroom and was starting to fidget, but poor Emily had little sympathy.

The pills did seem to kick in, though, and both her shoulder and bladder felt better. In fact, she didn't feel like she had to pee as badly and while she was sure her bladder had just as much liquid in it as before, she felt much less tense and didn't mind her need as much. Besides, it was actual closing time now so she didn't even have to close early. Emily put Collin in charge of shooing everyone out of the building and started cleaning as fast as she could. She was genuinely surprised she had lasted as long as she did without a bathroom but regretted thinking that the second she bent down to grab some new cups.

While she had forgotten about how full her bladder was, Emily's bladder certainly had not forgotten about her and when she bent forward her jeans cut into her bladder and a spurt escaped. Emily squealed and stuffed a hand into her crotch, standing up and hitting her head extremely hard on the counter top. The hit made her really dizzy and she recovered in a few seconds, still seeing stars but balancing out. Unfortunately for Emily, not only did the sound of her head hitting the counter top bring Collin running up behind her, but the force also caused her body to completely lose control of her bladder. Emily hadn't even noticed she was peeing herself until she heard the hissing sound, then looked down to see darkness start on her crotch and spread down between her legs in an uneven pattern. The warmth spread through her underwear as the pee burst from her jeans and a stream hit the floor below.

Collin watched from behind, mouth agape as his co-worker completely wet herself all over the floor. He could see the dark stain spread around her ass with little rivers spreading out in uneven directions, then race quickly down her legs to the floor. Emily's jeans were absolutely soaked and she wasn't even done relieving herself yet. She had no idea Collin was behind her so Emily succumbed to her fate and pushed the rest of her pee out with force, trying to void her overfull bladder and get the relief she so badly needed. Her bulge deflated as the urine poured out of her and a wave of relief washed over her.

The warmth spread across her crotch and Emily blushed, noticing the combination of relief, pain medication and warmth tickled her crotch and gave her a pleasurable sensation. When Emily's bladder was finally void she looked down and reluctantly noticed her jeans were completely sopping wet. How could she go home and face her parents completely wet? The puddle at her feet reminded her that she needed to continue cleaning so once Emily recovered she picked up her phone and called Paige, explaining as she blushed that she had an accident and needed to borrow a new pair of pants so she could go home.

Upon hearing Emily's voice, Collin raced into the back room and hoped Emily would never find out that he saw her accident. He was still on his two week job probation and he knew any type of fuck up could get him fired, so embarrassing his superior wasn't something he planned on doing. Besides, he couldn't blame her, his bladder had filled up over the evening too and he had discretely used an empty milk container, which was much easier for him than it would have been for Emily. He continued to clean up in the back and called out to Emily asking if she needed him out front. "No! I've got it!" Emily shouted back, panicked that Collin would catch her with completely soaked jeans. "Actually, you can go home early, you did a great job and I'm almost done. Uhm...why don't you go out the back door, I already locked the front one." Emily suggested, hoping he wouldn't argue. Collin smirked, knowing why she had instructed him to do that but obliged and quietly left.

While waiting for Paige Emily had to go again and decided she might as well just let go in her pants before Paige arrived, it really didn't matter if they were to get any wetter. Deciding it was too much work to clean the floor again, Emily just pulled an empty trash bag out of the cabinet and awkwardly squatted over it, peeing into the bag through her jeans. Once her tank felt empty she threw the bag away and waited for Paige to drop off her pants, hoping her girlfriend would understand her accident.

*008*2013-07-31 22:21

Chapter 3:

A few days had passed since Emily's accident at the Brew and her stalker A kept reminding her about it in texts. It seemed like such a silly thing to taunt her with, especially with the powers A had, but their stalker had always been one to enjoy torture. One thing the liars did not know was that A was a little into omorashi; at least the blonde in the red coat that was "in charge" was. She had just been exploring her fetish online and by herself but had decided it was high time to take advantage of these poor girls and make sure they were desperate in some very uncomfortable situations. Red coat hadn't figured out her fetish until rather recently when she was taking a flight in her private plane, letting a hired "friend" named Justin be her pilot. He had quite the crush on Red Coat and she paid him heavily to never reveal her identity to anyone. Although Red Coat knew how to fly the plane, there were times she was just too tired and would rather have Justin operate.

It all started when Justin was flying Red Coat down to the cape to collect evidence to use against the liars. Red Coat had come down with a touch of the flu and was sleeping all day at her apartment, dazing in and out of sleep as Justin packed her a small bag of luggage. He generously fed her chicken noodle soup and Gatorade any time she woke up, then laid a cool rag on her head and let her rest. Red Coat woke up right as Justin was carrying her into the plane, holding her like a tiny doll as her long, spiral blonde hair fell across her face. She smiled as he strapped her into the passenger seat but just as he was preparing for lift off she noticed the urge to pee, hitting her suddenly.

She hadn't had the chance to void her bladder before getting on the plane because she had been asleep and while she was thankful for the fluids, all of the Gatorade and soup had gone straight to her bladder. About to say something, Red Coat decided it would show weakness to admit to Justin that she needed to use the bathroom before a short plane ride and most of her appeal was that she struck fear into anyone she hired to do her dirty work. Determined to hold her bladder throughout the ride, Red Coat crossed her legs tightly and looked out the window, watching the land as it became smaller and smaller as they lifted off the run down runway. Justin tried to engage her in conversation but she wasn't in the mood to talk and instead read a fashion magazine, slowly flipping the pages as they flew.

Her bladder now felt hard and tight, pressing against her tight skinny jeans that were probably a size too small. Red Coat shifted in her small plane seat, finding the magazine difficult to concentrate on now that she had to clench her muscles tightly and focus on the basket ball inside her bladder. While she was certainly uncomfortable and hoping for a bathroom rather soon, the pressure felt interesting and the fullness reminded her a bit of having sex, right before an orgasm when you feel as though your whole body is about to explode. Despite that her need was proving to be interesting and borderline pleasurable, Red Coat really needed to find a restroom soon or there would be a flood all over her plane.

She attempted to maintain her composure, not wanting to show Justin that she was bursting and desperate to pee. He kept glancing over at her as she shifted in her seat and jiggled her legs, but she would gripe at him to watch the skies and he would re-direct his gaze. There was only ten minutes until landing time and while she was extremely uncomfortable, Red Coat knew she was a big girl and there was no reason for her to think she couldn't wait to reach their destination before excusing herself. By now she was biting her lip and resisting the urge to hold herself. Justin kept staring at Red Coat, watching each movement, and while she figured he must know her plight Red Coat wouldn't bring herself to admit any weakness. She was in control, she is always in control. She's in control of the lives of multiple people that don't even know her identity, how should she not be able to control her bladder?

Justin finally landed the plane and each bump jolted Red Coat's bladder. She felt a tiny spurt escape, just a little leak, and made a quick move to put her hand into her crotch. Luckily her hired help was too focused on navigating the vehicle to watch the desperate girl just to his right, struggling to contain herself. They pulled into the tiny airport, which was just for private planes and didn't even have an actual building. A few years prior this was a commercial airport but business began to die out over time. An arsonist lit the building on fire and most of the airport was burned down before the firemen could put it out.

A majority of it was blocked off but after a few years a fence was put up and private planes were given the go to land and take off as they pleased. Unfortunately, this meant that Red Coat couldn't easily find a bathroom and would have to risk waiting for their private car to pick them up and take her to a place she could release her bladder. She insisted the driver be there at their projected time of landing but after glancing at her watch Red Coat realized they were above schedule. Feeling her bladder strain against her jeans, Red Coat gingerly climbed out of the plane, groaning as her feet hit the ground. She froze instantly, losing a tiny spurt as she stood, quickly crossing her legs to stem the flow. Cursing Justin for not waking her up before the ride, Red Coat slid her hands beneath her coat and unbuttoned her jeans in a swift movement, grateful her long coat hid any damage that she might have.

"Are you alright?" Justin inquired, looking concerned. "Do you need to lay down, you look pale, sweetheart."

"Don't call me that!" Red Coat snapped back, irritated by him noticing her desperation as well as not knowing what she was going to do about her. "I'm fine, leave me alone. I'm going to secure the perimeter, you stay right here." With that she bounded off, speed walking with her legs close together, trying to look normal knowing Justin had his eyes glued to her from the back. She realized now that she was growing out of sight she could dig her hand into her crotch to help hold back the ocean inside of her. Once she reached the corner of the burned building and was out of sight, Red Coat broke into a desperate pee-pee dance, holding herself with both hands, sweat furrowing her brow.

Another spurt hit her hand and she acted quickly, pulling down her jeans and squatting down to pee onto the pavement. There was a moment of confusion as she felt warmth across her crotch and heard the hiss of pee but didn't hear her stream directly hitting the ground. Looking down she realized she was in such a rush she hadn't pulled down her panties; a pair of string bikini underwear from Victoria's Secret, pale yellow with small pink dogs all over them.

The relief that washed over her body was indescribable and the pleasure was something she really hadn't expected, so intense that she stayed crouched down a few moments after she finished peeing to get her groundings. The tingling through her crotch relaxed as she stood up, but her heart was pounding both from her accident and knowing Justin could catch her standing there, pants around her ankles, her panties with a dark crotch, and a huge puddle beneath her feet. She heard Justin call her name and knew she had to act quickly or else she would be caught.

She didn't want to shout back because then he would come right to her, but there was no way to pull her wet panties off over her pants and boots fast enough. Justin was just around the side of the corner now, she could hear his footsteps. His pace was picked up and he was running now, worried someone had attacked her. Deciding she had no other choice, Red Coat pulled her pants up over her wet underwear, knowing the wetness would show through but grateful her coat could block off her accident. She yelled back and met with Justin just as he rounded the corner, trying to distract him from finding her puddle.

Ever since then Red Coat discovered her new pleasure and while she didn't mind a decent hold or an accident herself, after watching videos online she realized watching others struggle was even more exciting. Putting people into compromising positions was so devious, so tortuous, so cruel...just right up her alley. Of course over the past few months she had so much on her plate with those four liars, and now Mona as well, who she didn't know if she could trust to be on her side anymore. It was decided then that she would play with her little toys whenever she pleased, and maybe a few of their allies, too. What's more exciting then being in control?

*011*2013-08-01 19:08

{{:

If we talk about older series first in my mind is "Gilmore Girls". Lorelai and Rory. I have always dreamed I would see episode where they are hopelessly desperate. Especially Lorelai is so hot when she is wearing those ultratight jeans.

}}

I never watched the show enough to really do a proper Fanfic of it, I only saw like one episode actually. Reruns are on all the time, though, I could give it a chance.

*013*2013-08-03 20:19

Chapter 4:

Ezra Fitz walked down the school hallway, trying to avoid catching Aria's gaze as she leaned against her locker in a black mini-skirt, black knee high socks, a white and black striped tank top with her hair in loose beach waves.. Things had been so uncomfortable since their break up and while she knew it was necessary, seeing him around the school always hurt. She was shocked back into reality when she received a text that said "Lonely much? -A." It wasn't surprising A knew her every movement and every emotion, but it still always made her uneasy to be reminded she was never completely alone.

Aria looked around the hallway but couldn't see anyone. First period started in five minutes and honestly, Aria really didn't feel like going. Hannah was a basket case about her mother's likely arrest, Spencer was all wrapped up in trying to solve the mysteries behind A (as always) and Emily's shoulder was still bothering her quite a bit. Aria group texted all three and said "Ditch?" Spencer responded first saying her house would be empty all weekend and since it was Friday they should take advantage of her large house without the judgment of parents.

By the time the first bell had rung all of the girls were speed walking across the courtyard toward their cars, deciding playing hooky was better for their mental health. Once they all arrived at Spencer's they immediately changed into comfortable clothing and resided to watching television all day, eating ice cream, and ordering pizza. It was great to have friends that were all basically the same size (except for shortie Aria that had to roll up the bottom of Spencer's leggings.) Aria had on a pair of grey leggings, a black sports bra, and an oversized white see through tank top that had splatters of blue paint on it from a long-forgotten art project.

Emily had chosen a pair of black Victoria's Secret yoga pants that said PINK on the back in pink rhinestones and a tight razerback black ribbed tank top. She hadn't worn a bra underneath and while none of her friends would say so, Emily's hard nipples were peeking through, her body cold from the blasting air conditioning. Hannah had chosen a pair of red cheerleading shorts and a white spaghetti strap tank top, keeping on her red lace push up bra that peeked up from underneath. Spencer had put on a pair of light blue capri sweatpants and a matching blue v-neck t-shirt with a Nike check symbol on it. Comfortable and relaxed, Spencer broke open the liquor cabinet and started making the girls cranberry and vodkas.

Before 4 pm the girls had all drank their fair share, straight from the expensive crystal champagne glasses that were found in the Hasting's china cabinet. Hannah was feeling especially silly and suggested they play truth or dare, a blast from the past for these highschool girls that had been through more grief than most adults. They sat down in a circle and started asking stupid questions, mostly sexual, but the alcohol started getting to them and now the dares were getting more intense. "Drank another glass" turned into "flash your neighbors" which turned into "prank call your father's office." The dares became stranger and stranger, and finally it was Spencer's turn to pick who her next victim was. "Hannah....truth or dare?"

"Dare, obviously, but hold on, I need to piss like a racehorse." Hannah stood up, a little wobbly, and started to race to the top of the steps when Spencer impulsively yelled out her dare "I dare you to not go to the bathroom for another hour."

"Nooooooo!" Hannah yelled out, but a dare was a dare and she was a fair player. Besides, if she needed to go too badly she would just break away to pee and there was nothing Spencer could do to stop her. While her bladder felt full and heavy, she knew she could hold on for awhile and sat back down in the circle, jolting her bladder slightly as she changed positions. Two more rounds passed before the liars were bored of the game and Emily switched on an episode of Teen Mom to watch while they inhaled their second pizza pie. Hannah was growing more restless now, her legs tightly crossed and fidgeting constantly. She knew her hour hadn't passed, really only about fifteen minutes, but her pee hole was tingling and she really needed the release. Just as she was about to conveniently forget about Spencer's dare and race upstairs to use the toilet, the house phone rang.

"Hello?" Spencer answered, trying to maintain composure within her voice. It was her mother, telling her that she would be home in about thirty minutes. Her weekend plans had changed for some work related reason that Spencer hadn't even attempted to listen to, distracted by the sudden panic in her stomach. When she hung up she announced to the girls that they had to get the fuck out of there since it was obvious they were drunk as skunks and the entire group quickly lunged into a mass-clean up of the living room.

While the urge was still there, the adrenaline of almost being caught distracted Hannah enough for her to push the thoughts of letting go out of her mind. The pizza boxes were thrown in an outside trash can, the plates were tossed in the dishwasher, the fine china was handwashed and returned to the cabinet, and all evidence of their day time party was hidden. It was decided they would go to Ezra's apartment if it was empty, despite the awkwardness between all of them. No time to change, the girls threw on flip flops and raced out the door, bundling into Aria's car as she desperately called him, asking if they could go to his place for two or three hours.

He agreed, saying he wasn't even home right now and his baby mama Maggie and their son Malcom weren't around either. In fact, they might be able to ride out their drunken stupor all alone in the small apartment and Aria still had his house key on her key ring. Seeing as she was the most sober of all the young ladies, she carefully drove to Ezra's apartment complex, driving within the speed limit and trying to keep her head on straight even though the lines of the road were slightly blurred. Hannah was in the backseat on the right side with Spencer to her left and Emily in the passenger seat.

Now that the panic had worn off, Hannah noticed her bladder again, moving the elastic lower to keep the shorts from cutting deeply into her bulging bladder. She poked Spencer and scolded her for the stupid dare. "You're such a bitch, Spence, I have to pee sooooooo bad and it's all your fault." Spencer laughed, forgetting about the dare, but noticed she also needed to pee pretty urgently. She recalled the other night where she almost wet herself in her car and shivered, crossing her legs tightly and internally telling herself never again would she put herself in such a desperate situation. "Aria, will you hurry to FUCK UP!" Hannah shouted just as her bladder spasmed and she thought she might lose all of it right there in the backseat of her friend's car.

Despite her size, Aria could be feisty at times, and shouted back "Sorry, I don't want to get a DUI before I'm out of fucking highschool. Cool it, we're almost there." Hannah switched positions again, this time openly holding herself, the alcohol lowering her inhibitions so much she didn't care who knew she was about to burst. Each bump in the road jolted her bladder and she now had both hands jammed into her crotch. They were driving through town now and while Hannah could easily pop out and run into a cafe, she wasn't wearing clothes she wanted to be seen in public in. Besides, Aria wouldn't have stopped if she asked so the blonde reassured herself that she would make it to Ezra's bathroom just in time to relieve herself.

Traffic wasn't awful, but the minutes were counting down on Hannah's bladder and when she looked at the clock she noted it had just past the hour Spencer had dared her to wait. She shot Spencer another devilish glare, the pain in her abdomen being almost too much to bear. If Hannah had been alone she would have already given up and wet herself but she didn't want to pee in her only clothing option, especially in front of all of her friends in a moving vehicle. Shifting from side to side, Hannah dug her fingers into her crotch, willing herself to continue holding on.

Finally they pulled into the parking lot of Ezra's complex and Hannah fought with her seatbelt, sensing how near her relief was. She stumbled out of the car but didn't feel that intoxicated anymore, just desperate to let go of the pent up pee. When she stood up straight the weight of her bladder surprised her and she almost wet herself completely on the spot, but she only lost a small spurt that she hoped her red low rise panties had soaked up. Hannah always matched, even her undergarments when she knew no one could see her. She really didn't want to wet her pants in a parking lot, but she also didn't want to soak this expensive pair of french lingerie that Caleb had spent a pretty penny on for Valentine's Day.

Hannah stood with her legs crossed tightly, removing her hand from her crotch as she did a pee-pee dance, the red cheerleading shorts she had on riding up her legs, showing a tiny bit of buttcheek. She followed Aria into the building and up the stair case, hobbling behind her friends, stopping every few steps to lean forward, hold herself, and regain composure. She had now started leaking regularly and could feel her crotch getting warm and wet. She was certain Spencer's shorts were now showing a noticeable dark spot and her panties were completely saturated, but at least they had finally made it to Ezra's floor.

Aria unlocked the door quickly, and a grateful Hannah raced to the bathroom, quickly slamming the door shut and rushing over to the toilet. When she reached it she tried to pick the seat up but it stuck down stubbornly. Painfully crouching down Hannah realized the toilet had been fitted with a childproof lock for Malcom and she had no idea how to undo this contraption. With one hand deeply burried in her crotch, Hannah tried to pull the lock off while dancing on the spot, her hand getting wetter and wetter as her bladder started to give out. She felt a distinct trickle of pee run down her inner thigh and onto the floor when she finally realized she had lost the intense battle.

Her bladder gave out completely and the floodgates opened, pee surging onto her hand and bubbling onto the bath mat. Hannah jumped off the mat and into the shower, not even bothering to crouch down as the rest of her pee flowed out of her, running down her legs and into the drain. She just leaned against the shower wall and watched the yellow pee rush toward the end of the bath tub, not bothering to try to salvage Spencer's shorts by taking them off. She was exhausted, a mixture of the drowsiness of alcohol and the effort of holding in so much alcohol. Hannah seemed to pee forever, her stream still urgent and fast, the hiss of her pee loud as it pounded against the tile floor. The girls could distinctly hear Hannah's pee hitting the tub, the walls of Ezra's subpar apartment far too thin.

Once she was finally finished Hannah gingerly removed the soaked shorts and underwear to inspect the damage. There was no saving either piece of clothing, so she placed each one in the sink and thought over her options. Her friends were just outside the door and she nothing to wear on her bottom! Mopping up the remaining pee on the floor with toilet paper, Hannah shouted out to Aria that she wanted to wear a pair of Ezra's boxer briefs, her excuse being the shorts were too tight and hurting her hips. Aria brought Hannah a black pair, and while each one of her friends knew about her accident none of them mentioned it. A blushing Hannah walked out of the bathroom and laid underneath a blanket, listening as the rest of the girls loudly emptied their bladders into the toilet.

*014*2013-08-04 15:59

{{:

Holy crap, these are amazing!!!!! Keep it up!!!

Have you ever seen Vampire Diaries?

}}

Not more than half an episode, nope. Not really into the vampire thing. I could probably do a Gossip Girls one since I used to watch it off and on a few years ago, though I assume that already exists.

*017*2013-08-04 20:10

{{:

I've never seen an omo fic for Gossip Girl before, that would definitely be something i'd read! Did you ever watch One Tree Hill?

}}

I never did but I could totally start a Gossip Girl one and if I did I'd send you the link.

*018*2013-08-04 22:29

Chapter 5: (desperation and urination only)

This chapter includes two characters I haven't mentioned before, which are Ashley Marin, Hannah's mother and Veronica Hastings, Spencer's mother. For those that don't follow the series, Ashley Marin works for a bank and was being harassed by a police detective named Wilden. He had threatened both her and her daughter to such a degree Ashley Marin bothered her husband's gun. When Wilden was murdered, Ashley was the main suspect because her fingerprints were on the murder weapon and the bullets. Veronica Hastings is an extremely successful, no non-sense defense lawyer that represented Ashley when she was arrested for Wilden's death.

Ashley Marin:

Veronica Hastings:

It had been awhile since the Hannah wetting and while their lives were still in turmoil, their bladders were the least of their worries. Hannah's mother had been arrested and Hannah was an absolute mess, her father trying to console her as she cried, insisting her mother hadn't killed Wilden. Her father did was he could to comfort Hannah but all clues pointed to Ashley and the police had made their decision, handcuffing her late in the evening and wheeling her off to jail.

In the backseat of the police car Ashley cried, worried for her fate, worried for her daughter, and worried for the future of both of them. She was led inside by officers that confiscated all of her personal belongs and requested she strip naked for a cavity search. Even though a female officer performed the search, Ashley was blushing fiercely, slipping out of her black push up bra with white lace. She hesitated while pulling down her mismatched panties, a pair of tight cotton bikini briefs that she only wore when it was laundry day.

The officer gruffly barked at Ashley to hurry up, so she removed her clothing, was searched completely, then given a bright orange jump suit. Ashley looked down at the color and momentarily drifted away from her situation, noticing how scratchy the uniform was against her skin. She shifted her body to try to grow comfortable but couldn't manage in the hideous jump suit she had been fitted for. Ashley was quickly shoved into a cell with her roommate, a young girl that couldn't be a year over twenty. The girl was slight, looked like she hadn't eaten a good meal in weeks and her uniform hung off of her frail body. While she was young and petite, the girl had tattoos crawling up her neck and onto her fact, most of them patterns Ashley couldn't make out or understand. Ashley imagined there were more hidden beneath the jump suit but wasn't about to irritate the only human she could possibly interact with.

The cell mate was a Latina girl with long curly hair that had been pulled into a high pony tail. She glanced over at Ashley as she arrived and waited until the guards had left there area before speaking. "Yo, new girl" the Latina girl said, her Spanish accent audible but not overwhelming. "You stay in your corner, I stay in mine and there won't be problems." The girl pointed to the right side of the cell, next to a stack of books. The beds were in the middle, bunk beds, and the toilet was on the left side. "Okay, that's fine. What about the-" Ashley asked, pointing her finger toward the toilet. The Latina girl (her name was Maria) cut her off "NO!" She walked closely to Ashley, standing so close Ashley could feel the girls breath on the side of her neck. The woman was short, but Ashley was intimidated by how gruff she seemed.

Hannah's mother couldn't help but wonder what this girl, only a few years older than her daughter, had done to be here. Maria leaned in close and whispered in Ashley's ear "I'm brewing wine in the toilet, so you best not pee in it. Got it? You hold it and you go during activities or shower time. If you squeal ... snitches get stitches. Don't go wetting all over the cell like my last girl, it reeks so fuck that. Got that shit?" Ashley Marin just nodded, bewildered, and there were so many thoughts racing through her head peeing was the very last thing to worry about. How is Hannah handling all of this? Will anyone find out who the real murderer is? Would she ever get off on anything?"

Veronica Hastings had shown up a few hours later to discuss their options and going to court. She was smartly dressed in a navy blue business suit with a beige blouse underneath, nude panty hose and beige pumps. She brushed the hair out of her face and asked Ashley how she was. The red head openly wept, so overwhelmed, not knowing what was going to happen. Veronica offered Ashley a bottle of water, which Ashley gladly accepted, grateful for the last clean water she might see for awhile.

Their meeting lasted about 15 minutes before Ashley returned to her cell to wait out the rest of the night. It was 8 pm now which meant everyone returned to their cell before lights out at 9 pm. This is when Ashley realized she had forgotten to pee when she was meeting with Veronica and knew there was no way to ask a security guard to use the restroom. She sighed, climbing into the top bunk of the bed and resigning to the fact that she would be holding a full bladder the entire night. The stress rushing through her mind helped her hold and when the lights turned off and Maria started snoring, Ashley began to drift off, so exhausted from the day's events.

Veronica left the jail and sat in her car for a few minutes, putting her head in her hands. It was one thing to defend strangers or just people she vaguely knew, but Ashley had been a part of Veronica's life for 10 years. She knew Ashley's daughter, her own daughter would be so distraught over this, and it was all too personal and overwhelming. For such a strong woman Veronica was surprised to feel tears well in her eyes as she thought about the possibilities that would come of this. She shook off all of her thoughts and sipped at her water, driving back to the office to pick up some files then home to try to catch a few hours of sleep.

As Veronica drove she noticed her panty hose and pencil skirt felt especially tight and were putting extra pressure on her bladder. She had just now noticed the urge but she has a medical condition that was explained to her as her bladder would fill up but not signal her brain that she had to go until she was quite full. Then she only had a short while to find a restroom or else, disaster! Generally she wore a Tena ladies protection pad just in case but today she had forgotten when she was in such a rush.

Update later

*019*2013-08-06 09:04

Chapter 5 Continued: pre-note: I apologize if the first part of Chapter Five isn't the best, I didn't get a chance to proofread and can't seem to edit my post.

Veronica continued driving, trying not to focus on her bladder that was now suddenly sending her urgent signals. She didn't have a small bladder, about average her gynecologist had said during her ultrasound when she was pregnant with Spencer, although having two children had weakened her bladder a bit. She did have a few accidents, but when she went to court she always wore a women's diaper just to avoid that humiliation in court. The Tena pads she just used day to day and normally she would get by just fine, maybe just a small occasional leak while out in public searching for a toilet. She now had a hand pressed underneath her skirt against her nude pantyhose and black bikini panties, fingers pinching her pee-hole shut. She wasn't this desperate yet, at least she hoped she wasn't, but it did ease her mind and her bladder to have her hand snug against her crotch.

Because her full bladder was distracting her, Veronica had completely missed the exit for her office. She swore loudly, then tried to find a place to turn around on this brutal highway. She had almost completely driven out of Rosewood now because her office was located at the edge of town, and the distraction of her urgent need could cost her a dry skirt. The minutes were ticking down and Veronica felt sweat furrow on her brow, uncomfortably shifting, the intensity of her urge growing faster than she could imagine. Veronica thought back throughout her day and realized it had been at least fix or six hours since she had used the toilet, and while she hadn't drank an unbelievable amount of water, she did tend to kick back the coffee like nobody's business. She sighed gratefully, finally finding a place to turn around and speed to her office, hoping her bladder would hold out until then.

Back at the jail Ashley slept off an on, waking up to sounds of screaming from a few cells over. This woman had night terrors, Ashley was sure of it and each shriek and scream snapped Ashley out of her own nightmares. She waited in the darkness, hoping sleep would come over her, but her mind was racing and the heaviness in her bladder wasn't helping. She longingly looked at the toilet, barely visible in the dark, knowing she couldn't relieve herself inside of it. Maria had obviously been here longer than her and Mrs. Marin didn't need any more enemies than she already had. Ashley's bladder was filled up from the day, and her large volume of urine was making itself known. It would be hours until the prisoners would be released into the showers where she hoped there would be proper facilities but assumed she would be peeing down her legs directly into a drain in front of a dozens of other women. She shifted in bed and tried to get comfortable, but no position felt right.

Neither side worked, and laying on her stomach would of course squash her bladder. Ashley's constant movement woke up Maria, who kicked the bottom of Ashley's bunk and said "Quit fucking moving bitch, what's your problem." Suddenly not intimidated, Ashley decided to speak up. She hadn't been here long enough to be pinned for the toilet wine and while she didn't intend to snitch, she might have to use that threat to find another option. There had to be times Maria needed to relieve herself throughout the evening and found another option within their tiny cell. Ashley slid her body over so she could turn her face down to see Maria and said: "Well, since SOMEONE is illegally brewing booze in the toilet, I really need to pee and can't sleep. So you can deal with me fidgeting around or find a place for me to go. Or, I can always call a guard and tell them exactly why I can't just use the bathroom in here.

"You wouldn't!" Maria whispered loudly, panicked at the thought of being caught. Ashley smirked, noticing the fear in her voice. She only heard silence from below, then the light snoring returned and Ashley meditated, trying to ignore the water inside her, and managed to fall asleep for a few hours...

While Ashley was trying to fall asleep, Veronica had problems of her own. Her office was within sight now, but she was breaking her neck for a much needed piss. She was surprised how unprepared she was for this, the stress of Ashley's arrest had led the always practical Veronica to be less cautious. Usually Veronica went to the restroom regularly, even if she didn't feel the need to go at all, and most of the time she produced a decent amount of pee. She simply could not limp back to her house with a wet skirt.

While Spencer and Melissa weren't aware of Veronica's issue, her husband knew completely and was disgusted by her occasional accidents. They weren't common but he would taunt Veronica endlessly, calling her filthy names and refusing to make love to her for days. Veronica took a deep breath, burring her hand into the crotch of her underwear as she pulled into the parking lot of her office. She got outside of the car and locked it, then remembered that she had left her briefcase inside the car. She unlocked it without remembering to press the "disarm" button on her key and the car's alarm blared, causing the poor woman to jump and lose a reasonable squirt into her black panties.

Veronica let the alarm sound as she shoved both hands into her crotch, focused on regaining control. No, she would absolutely not have an accident, she was far too close to a bathroom to let this happen. With one arm Veronica reached inside the car and put the key in the ignition, turning the alarm off and the car on. Grabbing for her briefcase, Veronica felt another squirt escape. This time it was for a few seconds and felt the crotch of her panties get warm, by now leaking through to her nylons.

She glanced at her office building, only 20 feet away, but ahead of her was a fight of scrambling for her keys and then rushing down the hallway to the women's restrooms, which would likely be locked at this hour. There was precious time before she was about to burst and she really wasn't sure she could make it. Dropping her briefcase to the ground, Veronica bent forward and put both hands in her crotch, taking a deep breath as her bladder spasmed, releasing a river of pee down the right leg of her stockings.

There was no more time left and Veronica knew if she tried to go inside the building to pee properly she would be soaking wet by the end of it, so she really had no choice. Removing one hand from her crotch Veronica unzipped the back of her skirt, looking around fearfully, hoping no one could see her. She couldn't spot anyone but, of course, lurking in the bushes was a person, wearing a hoodie, black gloves, and black pants, the usual A team attire. A was holding a camera, and while the footage was a bit shaky, every one of Veronica's desperate movements would be caught on tape. This footage could not only be used as blackmail in the future but also as arousing material to excite redcoat. Her entire body shaking with the effort of holding back a flood, Veronica realized she would have to let go of her crotch to pull down her tights and panties.

Removing her hands released another spurt, now soaking her panties and her nylons. Struggling to pull wriggle her skirt up over her hips, Veronica pulled down her panty hose and underwear, squatting down next to her car. Before she was even in a crouching position, pee urgently started pouring out of the poor woman, rushing onto the pavement below. Little did she know, a camera close by was catching her, panties and tights around her ankles, her butt and trimmed vagina completely visible beneath the bright street lamp. The hot pee surged out of her body, fizzing as it hit the pavement, pooling a puddle around her shoes. Veronica sighed in relief, taking deep ragged breaths as she recovered from her near accident. She stood up slowly and pulled her skirt down, grateful she hadn't wet such an expensive designer suit. Embarrassed, but grateful she was alone (or so she thought), Veronica slipped out of her heels and pulled off her saturated undergarments, disappearing into her office.

Back at the prison, Ashley was having a lovely dream, her subconscious being the only sanctuary in this godawful place. In her dream Ashley was with Hannah in New York City strolling the aisles of Sak's Fifth Avenue, celebrating Hannah's high school graduation. Hannah looked very different in this dream; her hair was long and dark brown with barrel curls and she was wearing a deep red coat. Dreams did that sometimes, altering the way people looked without raising any curiosity. Hannah mentioned she really needed to pee and Ashley agreed, feeling her bladder swell inside of her lower abdomen.

They quickly spotted a sign for a restroom and Ashley rushed into a stall, pulling down her pantsuit and underwear, plunking her bare bottom onto the toilet. She started peeing into the toilet but felt no relief; the stream was pouring out loudly yet she still felt desperately full. Ashley bore down again, and she could hear the stream but the pressure remained. Hannah began running out of the bathroom, yelling joyfully to her mother to follow her. Ashley left the bathroom and ran after Hannah, each step hurting her bladder. They found a beautiful rack of designer purses and Ashley opened one, looked around, then disrobed and peed full stream into the purse. She started to feel the tiniest bit of relief then suddenly she woke up.

Looking down, Ashley realized she was wetting the bed! Gripping the crotch of her orange jumpsuit, she jammed her hands into her vagina with force, shaking as she managed to stem the flow and recover. Touching the sheets she really hadn't wet much at all, but one thing for sure was she was going to pee right then and there, whether Maria's toilet wine would be full of urine or not. Climbing down from her bunk, Ashley started unbuttoning her jumpsuit, having to get fully nude to let go of her unbearably full bladder. Just as Ashley rushed for the toilet Maria woke up and loudly whispered "STOP!" Ashley froze, both hands in her crotch, and turned sharply. "Look, I'm wetting myself so I'm peeing in your wine and I don't give a damn."

"No, no, no, please, don't." Maria pleaded. "Look, go over there in the corner and sop up the urine with the pages of the books. I'll take the wrap for doing it if you don't ruin my wine." Just desperately needing a pee and already naked, Ashley rushed to the corner and crouched down, peeing full force onto the linoleum floor of her cell. Her stream was almost completely clear, and the sound was loud in the near silence of the prison. The guards that patrolled were walking up and down with flashlights, so she tried to cut her stream short but couldn't so she jammed her hand into her crotch in an attempt to quietly let go.

The pee erupted from between her hands, still making enough noise to attracted attention. Ashley sat down on the floor in her own puddle and let the rest of her pee flow out of her body, feeling the warmth of her pee pool around her naked bottom. Finally empty, Ashley stood up and tore a few pages from the books, using them to wipe off her wet butt, crotch, thighs, and long slim legs. Maria was already over by the enormous puddle, ripping pages out of the book to soak up the puddle. Ashley climbed back into her bunk, put on her orange jump suit, noticing the wetness on her butt and crotch. She collapsed into her bunk and prayed for herself, her daughter, and their future until she was finally able to get some much needed rest.

*021*2013-08-08 18:50

Sorry guys, I had typed up a great new Chapter about Aria but during a final edit I accidentally deleted the whole thing. :( I will work on re-writing it later or coming up with another story involving her. I should have that posted by the end of the day or tomorrow. Thanks to everyone who is enjoying this series! If you have any requests for accident types, characters to wet, or scenarios, feel free to send me a private message or leave a comment here regarding that.

*022*2013-08-11 19:55

Chapter 6: I apologize for not updating in a few days, life got in the way a bit.

It was finally Aria Montgomery's eighteen birthday and her new relationship with Jake, her martial arts instructor, was blossoming wonderfully. She was extremely concerned about bringing him into her complicated, A-infested life but Jake had taken such a liking to her that Aria couldn't possibly resist. Spencer, Emily and Hannah had taken her out to dinner at an upscale French restaurant and then Hannah took Aria back to her place to pick out an outfit for her big special date night with Jake. It was the first time she could legally get into a club and while the outfit Hannah chose was rather riske, Aria did have to admit she looked damn good in her highwaisted tight skinny jeans, black bralette, black leather heeled booties, and a black and white inner lined pin-striped jacket with beaded edges.

It felt strange to bare her midsection but Hannah assured her it would be completely appropriate for night life. Underneath she wore white lace silky string bikini panties from Victoria's Secret with polka dot print and black lace edges. Double checking her purse, Aria made sure she had a pack of condoms tucked away in a pocket just in case things escalated sexually with Jake. Aria sneezed as Hannah spritzed her entire body with a coat of Marc Jacob's Daisy perfume, tousling her dark brown hair into that "just been fucked" messy style that had grown so popular.

Here is a picture of what Aria was wearing that evening:

It almost seemed as though Hannah was more excited for Aria's date than she was, but Aria was the only one in the group that was currently single and after all she had been through with Ezra Fitz she really did deserve to have fun. In fact, Hannah was a little jealous because Jake was whisking Aria off to an extremely popular new club forty-five minutes out of Rosewood that specialized in vocal house and dubstep music. While she wasn't old enough to go herself, reading the online reviews had really drawn her attention; the club was called Glass and the entire downstairs level was completely made of glass, including the bar, the chairs, the tables, the raised up stage style dance floor, even the spiral staircase.

The bar and tables were equipped with LED lights that flashed and glowed hues of red, blue, yellow and purple. The upstairs of the club was more comfortable and laid black, decorated with soft cushiony couches and beautiful waitresses in skimpy outfits that brought exotic hookahs with flavored tobacco to the tables. A little green with envy, Hannah was still ecstatic for her newly 18 year old friend and perfected Aria's makeup, lent her a ten-minute teeth whitening kit, and made a cup of tea to calm her first date jitters. Aria was feeling unnaturally shy, and whenever she was nervous she would get the hiccups.

"Wait, I have the perfect remedy!" Hannah exclaimed, rushing to the bathroom cabinet and fiddling around with a few prescription bottles. The blonde bombshell returned to the room with a small white pill in her palm, generously extending it to her hiccup riddled friend. "What's this?" Aria questioned, eyeing the pill suspiciously.

"Oh, it's called Thorazine, it's actually an anti-depressant but my mom swears by it for getting rid of hiccups. Don't worry, she never takes them, she won't notice one missing."

Swallowing the pill and chasing it with a large gulp of Earl Grey, Aria took a deep breath and felt herself calm down and mentaal prepare for her fun evening of dancing and flirting. What Aria didn't know was that when Hannah was feverishly searching for a hiccup remedy she accidentally mixed up the Thorazine with one of her diuretic pill left over from the days she suffered from her eating disorder. Unfortunately for Aria, these types of pills increase the secretion of water from the blood as well as pump extra urine into the bladder, meaning within a few hours of the pill kicking in this beautiful, doe eyed brunette would be rushing to the bathroom frequently, filled to the brim.

Aria used the toilet one last time before leaving Hannah's, emptying every squeeze of pee she could get out before pulling up her white panties. In such a rush, Aria forgot to wipe herself off and a few drops of pee soaked up into the crotch of her panties. Wriggling into her tight, high waisted skinny jeans Aria met Jake at the door and smiled when his jaw dropped to the floor, admiring her perfect body in her revealing outfit.

"Wow" he murmured, pulling her in for a kiss. "You look incredible." Flashing her white, shiny smile, Aria accepted the compliment and climbed into the passenger seat of his midnight black Chrysler 300, enjoying the seat warmers and stimulating conversation. When the couple arrived at the club it was obvious Hannah's raving was completely validated; the club's music was pumping loudly with a decent crowd for 10:30 PM and the surfaces really were all glass, lighting up in tune to the music. They hit the dance floor and while Jake offered to sneak Aria a cocktail, after her little booze party at Spencer's last weekend she didn't feel much up to drinking that night.

She gladly accepted multiple Red Bulls and bottles of water to keep her energized and hydrated, having an absolute blast showing Jake her moves on the dance floor. Just as their dance moves were growing rather sexual and close, Aria noticed the pressure in her bladder increase dramatically. She had been guzzling quite a bit of water and her bladder was groaning in her tight jeans. the diuretic starting to kick in. She excused herself and joined the bathroom line of drunk, impatient women, tapping their toes and crossing their arms.

The line seemed to move in slow motion as her urge increased suddenly, not making her desperate yet but certainly very uncomfortable. Aria noticed Jake looking at her in the line and didn't want her need to be obvious so she did her best to hold her composure as she slowly moved forward in line. Finally Aria was able to rush into a stall and struggle with the three buttons on her tight jeans, dancing on the spot knowing a toilet was so close but she couldn't relieve herself into it just yet. Finally pulling down her jeans and panties, Aria slammed her bottom onto the toilet seat and peed forcefully into the water, panting as she let go.

Pressing on her bladder Aria still felt a tiny bit full and while she tried to squeeze out as much as she could, she only received a little trickle. Returning to Jake, they made their way upstairs and cuddled up on a couch, ordering a hookah for two with mango and pineapple flavored tobacco. Mimicking Jake's actions, she took deep breaths and let out the smoke slowly, tasting the sweetness as she did her best attempt at blowing smoke rings. Not being able to resist Aria in her stunning outfit, Jake started kissing her passionately, pawing at her sides and bottom, pulling Aria into the warmth of his lap. Their public display of affection lasted for awhile as they switched between kissing and puffing on their hookah, Aria beginning to grow dizzy from the smoke. She laid her head on Jake's shoulder and noticed her bladder was swelling again, filling up rapidly from the diuretic. She hadn't even noticed a small need, she just suddenly needed to pee quite badly.

Crossing her legs to get more comfortable, Aria leaned into the warmth of Jake's body and enjoyed the shoulder rub he was so generously giving her. Done with their hookah, Jake pulled Aria to her feet as a tall blonde waitress in a push up white corset disassembled their smoking device and wiped up their table. The couple joined the upstairs dance floor, Jake actually being a very sensual and smooth dancer.

Aria assumed it must be related to his martial arts training; the grace, the poise, the smoothness in his steps. He held her close and she winced, her full bladder crushing against his hard, tight body. Glancing around for a restroom, Aria didn't notice the drunk frat boy stumbling toward her, slamming into the tiny girl and knocking her off her feet. Luckily Jake was able to grab her in time, rescuing her from slamming against the floor. Unfortunately, when the guy pushed into Aria, she twisted her ankle and yelped out in pain, accidentally losing a small spurt of pee into her panties.

She regained control, tightening her muscles as her date escorted her back to their couch and elevated her leg. He slipped off her leather bootie and pulled up the bottom leg of her jeans, inspecting her injured ankle. It was already beginning to swell and Aria winced in pain, still noticing her full bladder but being too concerned with the pain in her ankle to worry about finding a restroom to let go of her pent up pee. Returning with a bag full of ice, Jake iced Aria's ankle and offered to beat the shit out of the guy that knocked into her.

She smiled but declined his offer, squirming around in her seat. The chill of the ice caused her to recall that she really did need to use the restroom, the diuretic effects of the tea and pill encouraging pee into her bladder even though she had just been pretty recently. Craning her neck, the tiny brunette finally spotted the line for the ladies room, about eight girls long, but wasn't sure how she would even limp into the line with her hurt ankle.

"C'mon, let's get you back to my place. I have Epsom salts and an ankle wrap that will help reduce pain and swelling." Before she could answer, Jake picked Aria up in one swift motion and kissed her on the forehead, easily carrying her down the stairs of the club, weaving in and out of party goers until they reached his car. He made sure his lovely date was comfortable, or as comfortable as she could be with an injured ankle, and sped onto the highway toward his house. Now that Aria was away from the distraction of loud music, she noticed how desperate for a toilet she was growing.

She tried to cross her legs to help relieve some pressure from her aching bladder, but keeping her ankle elevated on the dashboard of Jake's car didn't allow her to do so. Cursing Hannah for insisting on these tight jeans, Aria fidgeting in her seat, taking a deep breath and preparing for the long ride back to Jake's apartment complex. Turning up the Mountain Goats CD Jake had in his CD player, Aria attempted to distract herself from the growing pain both in her bladder and her lower leg. How could she possibly be so desperate so fast? Even the first pee had snuck up on her quickly and right now she really needed relief, and needed it now. She was an adult that should be completely in control of her own bladder and able to hold it; besides, Aria hadn't had an accident since she was toilet training.

A fleeting thought raced through Aria's mind about her own mother's bladder control. On occasion Mrs. Montgomery had been caught short and would bolt out of her car, racing up stairs with a hand in her crotch. Aria chocked this up to poor planning but the more she thought about it, the more she realized she occasionally would smell the whiff of urine when crossing by her mother's hamper. Could Aria possibly be inheriting her mother's bladder problems? No, no way, she thought to herself. She was just nervous because of her first date with Jake and really could have used a final bathroom visit before leaving the club. Regretting not using the facilities before leaving, Aria shifted again, wishing she could unbutton at least one of her buttons without being obvious.

"Are you alright, sweetheart?" Jake asked, noticing her fidgeting. "Oh yeah, I'm fine." Aria replied, too embarrassed to admit that she needed to pee. Besides, not much would be open at this hour except maybe a dirty gas station and she didn't want to put her heel back on her injured foot just to pee. Jake raised his eyebrows as Aria removed her jacket and placed it in her lap, noticing her hand creep underneath the jacket as she gazed out the window. Her ears were flushed a bright pink and her brow was furrowed with tiny beads of sweat. ...Could it be? Could she be desperate to pee? Jake couldn't help but grin and feel a tingle in his boxers, thinking that his gorgeous date might be bursting to let go.

A few years ago he dated a girl, Cynthia, that would always seem to wait until the last minute to use the bathroom. Jake was never sure if she enjoyed being full or was just not very cautious, but there were several times he had watched her hold her crotch, pee pee dancing for her dear life. She leaked a few times but only had one full blown accident when they were visiting New York City and she couldn't find anywhere to go. Ever since Cynthia he had a soft spot for a pretty girl desperately needing to pee, and while he certainly didn't want to put Aria in a compromising and possibly embarrassing position, just the thought of her leaking into those dark jeans caused a stir in his jeans.

Thankful that they were growing closer to Jake's apartment, Aria had now resorted to burying her hand deep into her crotch, helping her hold on with the aid of her fingers. She gently lowered her leg from the dashboard, hoping Jake wouldn't notice, and crossed her legs tightly, feverishly trying to wait until they arrived at his apartment. The pressure of the balloon in her bladder was becoming nearly unbearable at a record rate. She breathed out raggedly, no longer engaging Jake in conversation, using all of her concentration to focus on not wetting herself. His place was only ten minutes away, although Jake seemed to be driving ten miles beneath the speed limit.

Aria groaned internally, freeing one hand from her crotch to unbutton the top button on her jeans. The lack of the button pressing hard into her bulging bladder allowed her to feel a tiny bit of relief, but she was off in a bad way. "Are you alright?" Jake asked Aria, noticing her constant motion and her hands crushed into her crotch beneath her black jacket. There were goosebumps up and down both of her arms and she was shaking slightly, biting the inside of her cheek hard enough to draw blood. She dreamed of the toilet at Jake's apartment, imagining sitting her bottom down onto the porcelain throne and exploding into the toilet. God, it would feel so fantastic to finally let go. "Aria? Are you okay?" Jake asked loudly, snapping her back into reality.

"Oh, yeah, I'm fine I just REALLY need to pee. Are we far from your place?" Jake was already certain she was desperate but hearing his date say it out loud really aroused him. "Only about five minutes now, we aren't far away at all. I'm sorry, I would stop somewhere for you but there's really nothing open at this hour." Aria could barely listen to Jake's explanation and was starting to worry she might not make it to his place. There wasn't a time she could remember ever being this insanely desperate and the pain was becoming unbearable.

Suddenly, her bladder spasmed and a short spurt escaped, dampening her panties. Trying not to squeal, Aria squeezed her muscles tightly, shoving her hands far into her crotch and bending forward, trying with all of her might to hold back the ocean inside of her. Each tiny bump jolted her bladder, and she started to leak. It was just a tiny bit here and there, but she was sure her white panties were soaked and she could feel the small wet spot on the crotch of her jeans. At the end of her rope, Aria was enthralled when the black car pulled into the parking garage of Jake's apartment complex. She had never been to his place before and had no idea he lived somewhere so large and upscale.

Leaping out of the car, Jake walked around to help Aria out of the car, quickly readjusting his erection in his jeans before opening the door. She already had her seatbelt unhooked and hadn't bothered to re-button the top button on her pants, she was too desperate to even consider it. Placing one foot out of the car, Aria still had one hand in her crotch and was embarrassed that she knew she couldn't let go without completely losing it. Her ears were flushed a deep red and her cheeks were burning harshly as she stood one foot on the ground, her injured foot held up in the air, her hand still between her legs.

Jake gentle picked Aria up and started carrying toward the elevator that led up to his apartment floor. "Oh god, hurry!" Aria shouted, feeling a warm spurt hit her hands. Hearing an audible hiss, Jake nearly sprinted toward the (thankfully) open elevator and set Aria down so he could pull the faulty door shut and press the button for floor five. Now on her uneven feet, Aria bounced around frantically, her hands no longer stemming the flow. She knew the end was near and her heart was pounding, her bladder threatening to burst any second. As the elevator lurched up to the next floor, Aria lost one more spurt and the damn broke completely.

Hot pee cascaded out of Aria's crotch, running down her legs as she fought to stop it. It was no use, her bladder was giving way, and Jake was entranced as he noticed the wet spot on her jeans grow and start running down her inner thighs. Aria stopping fighting and quickly unbuttoned the remaining two buttons of her jeans and pulled them down, trying to keep dry what she could. Hiding her red hot face with her hair, Aria squatted down and peed full force through her panties that she didn't manage to pull down with her jeans. Her stream was loud, hissing as it burst onto the floor of the elevator, her puddle soaking up into the red carpet and leaving a dark spot as she just kept going and going.

The relief was unbelievable and she nearly fell over from the pleasure of finally letting go, still peeing through her underwear as it tapered off to a small dribble. She managed to squeeze two more small spurts out before she was completely done. Reluctantly, Aria looked up, incredibly embarrassed that she had just wet herself in front of Jake. He stood open mouthed, staring straight at her, his erection extremely noticeable. She sheepishly stood up and started to pull up her wet jeans but before she could get them up over her thighs Jake walked over to Aria and passionately kissed her, lifting her up into his arms, feeling her wet crotch against his body. Her panties were still dripping as his hands raced over her wet ass and crotch, fondling every piece of wet fabric he could find. The elevator had reached their floor and the door was impatiently dinging, but Jake and Aria were too preoccupied to notice.
