Dawn (Hikari) - Short Omorashi + Urolagnia Scene (Audiobook Included)

Author: HighLevelTeen

*000*2010-07-05 04:55

Hey, I just joined this forum and thought I'd post =p. A few days ago I was bored and I wrote a the beginning short fanfiction involving Dawn (JPN: Hikari) from Pokemon 10-12th season (I think, I don't watch pokemon anymore >.>) In my love of choose your own adventure style books I decided to make my fanfiction one as well (as of this post there is only one path written with 4.5/6 chapters done). (If you are bored you might want to check out the first chapter and listen to it all the way through to the Omorashi part 10 minutes in)

In my boredom I decided to post use an advanced text to speech program and turn it into an audiobook and post each chapter on youtube (heck it sounds like a realistic human 70% of the time), like I said I was bored and I only have 4 chapters (around 16 minutes). The only part that should be of interest to you guys is Chapter 4 since it is centered totally around Omorashi and Urolagnia. Anyways tell me what you think.

Warning contains hentai elements (not much to no detail though, as I prefer to describe the female in my writing)

Here is the link $$ to the audiobook (I have captions on and fully accurate so you can read along there) Crappy sound effects are also added =p

I am no way experienced in writing fanfiction so it might be below your standards and I know there is at least 1 or 2 heavy hitting grammatical errors.

(Note: Sorry for the extra commas, I used them to space out the text to speech program)

Chapter 4: Tickle to Trickle

Dawn is lying there on the bed, her shirt is slightly raised exposing her stomach allowing you to see her belly button. Mischievous thoughts run through your head. Asking dawn to take her clothes off would ruin your fun, but removing her clothes as she is laughing would be perfect.

"Dawn, are you ticklish?" you say in a sarcastic voice. "No... no, I'm not" Dawn replies with a worrisome look on her face.

You now start to run your fingers along her stomach, "Eep!, that tickles!" she says breaking into giggles. Her laugh is the most wonderful sound you have ever heard. While your hands are slowly climbing to her more sensitive rib area you begin to pull up her shirt with your other hand. Her laughter has increased ten fold as she struggles to utter, "stop," while you are tickling her. You fiendishly remove her shirt while she continues to worry about her continued laughter. This exposes her in the wonderful pink bra that matches the panties you saw earlier. Her erect nipples poke through the fabric of her bra, showing a more distinct outline than when she had her undershirt on.

Still targeting her sensitive areas, you move Dawn closer to the end of the bed and begin to remove her pajama pants. "Stop, stop! please, I have to pee!" Dawn yells as you now aim for her feet. Her pajama bottoms are completely off as you peer at her panties, your erection grows slightly as you see the wet spot you notice earlier in its full detail.

Dawn's last comment makes you realize your "tickle n' strip" would not be complete without your dream of making a girl pee herself coming true. You move your hands to her armpits where you know she will surely be the most sensitive.

As she is almost dying of laughter Dawn begins to struggle, "Oh my god, please, your going to make me pee myself!" Dawn cries as her hand begins to grab hold of her crotch. Tears form in her eyes as you see her hand tighten it's grip, struggling to stop her vagina from leaking. You begin to see yellow liquid leaking from between her fingers. You become excited as she removes her urine soaked hand away from her panties, her soft vagina is visible through her now semi-soaked panties. Now you start to see her panties become increasingly wet. Pee trickles out of her vagina onto her bed and begins to start squirting more powerfully.

The stray urine splashes onto your pants, kissing your penis with its warmth. Seeing the smile across your face as her pee goes onto your pants she realizes that you are loving the way her pee soaks your body. Stopping the stream with all the strength she has left, she starts to get into the mood, "You want more don't you."

With her newly found like to pee, Dawn persuades your body to lie flat on the bed. Struggling to keep her urine from releasing she places her hands above your shoulders Dawn supports herself over your body. With a grin on her face she leans her head close to your ear and whispers, "Take off my panties". Without a word you pull her wet and pee stained panties down to her ankles. Her feet alternately move and she tosses the panties to the ground. You stare, drooling, at her now exposed private area. The entire area of her pussy is smooth and shaven, ready for you to penetrate her with your cock.

About to explode she begins to kneel in front of you, legs spread apart. She uses her thumb and index finger to present her vagina to you. You peer at her pussy in awe, the supreme tightness of a virgin along with the symmetrical qualities of a goddess' vagina are all present.

Succumbing to her struggle she allows her urine to stream out of her urethra, this time with full force, without her panties blocking it. Her cute body hovers over you, with a stream of sweet pee traveling onto your shirt, while excess drip falls onto your pants. You feel incredibly aroused as the pee is spreading around your shirt, creating a wet warmth on your chest and stomach. You become ecstatic as she now goes down to hug you, with the pleasant liquid still squirting out of her vagina. She pushes her pelvis into your pants with your partially erect penis. The pee begins to soak your pants dripping onto your penis your erection maxes, wanting to explode through the fabric of your pants and penetrate dawns pussy. Drool comes out of your mouth as her flowing pee comes to a stop.

Dawn presses her hands on the bed to get up, "Hehe, I gave you mine now its your turn!" Dawn says, giggling like a schoolgirl. "I won't disappoint you," you say standing up with her.

You reach behind her back attempting to unlatch her bra, noticing your struggle, she unlatches it, holding it up over her breasts while the strap dangles. Reluctant to let you look at her body completely naked she gives in seductively throwing her bra to the floor with a smile. You stare at her mesmerizing bare breasts, perfect in every way. They are perfectly round and plump with her nipples stiffly jutting out.

You turn lower her to the bed gently and hover over her petite and nude body laying on the bed. Her face lights up as you pull your shirt off and remove pants and boxers. She admires your penis as you can't wait to let a stream of urine splash onto her body. The stream starts to spray out and you use your hand to aim it at her breasts. As your yellow pee makes contact with her erect nipples. Urine begins to trickle down her large breasts and she starts to rub your sweet pee around her body pretending she is washing herself in the shower. She grabs your penis with her soft hand, opening her mouth wide and sticking her tongue out. Struggling to aim the stream it gets on her face running down her neck, and splashing off her tongue. She joyfully swallows what she can get. As you begin to run dry, she allows you to aim for her belly button. Splashing off her stomach, the remainder of your wet and warm urine it creeps onto her vagina and down her legs.

You notice Dawn panting, as she is now very sexually charged. She wants you to end her pleasure-less life, right here, right now.

(Chapter 5 isn't finalized and It pretty much goes into 'normal' sex acts as this is a choose your own adventure style fanfiction.)

*002*2010-07-05 05:10

{{: 

Uh...Well, that writing format was certainly unique, I must say...And I love the idea, I love the character...

I'm not a big fan of some of the language you used (but I'm just like that) and, other than the second to last paragraph (last full one), I have to say I really liked that story, although I personally would have preferred a little more desperation involved, but maybe that's just me...

}}

Yeah I totally understand, as this forum is centered around Omorashi while Urolagnia I like slightly more (though they are pretty much intertwined.)

