Kon's Greatest Gift (Commission)

Author: SashaButters

*000*2016-02-06 03:32

Yuzu loathed the first Friday of every month. Not because she had to deep clean the entire house by herself the next morning, or because her teacher’s seemed to get a kick out of assigning weekend homework, but because it was Karin’s turn to pick a movie. Karin always picked scary movies, and tonight had proved no different. Friday movie nights had been a long-standing tradition in the Kurosaki household. Last week had been Yuzu’s turn, and to Karin’s unending protests, she had chosen a love story. Karin had even threatened that if she picked another sappy movie, she in turn would pick the scariest and goriest film she could find. Yuzu called her bluff and lost.

Yuzu sat huddled up in the corner of the couch cowering with her favorite blanket that acting as her shield for the scary parts, which seemed to be every five minutes. She hadn’t made a peep when Karin, with an evil glint in her eye and a smile that would frighten small children, selected the goriest looking movie out of the Netflix que. Her whole family seemed to get a kick out of all her whimpering and squeaks; it was almost as if they paid more attention to her than they did to the movie.

Ichigo laid sprawled out of the floor in front of the tv with a bowl of popcorn in front of him. The young female protagonist of the film walked around the dark, abandoned house with nothing lighting the way but a single, flickering candle. The music began to intensify. A gust of wind blew out the weak flame. Any second now something was going to pop out. Ichigo exchanged smirks with Karin, before getting an idea. It would probably cost him a week of eating nothing but corn flakes for breakfast, but it was worth it. With a wink to Karin, he inched his way closer and closer to Yuzu’s legs and waited. Any second now. The music grew eerier and eerier. Yuzu was on the edge of her seat, too preoccupied to notice him. The music stopped, the protagonist screamed, Yuzu jumped and Ichigo grabbed her legs and pulled her down to the floor in one swift motion as the house echoed with her cries for help.

###

Ichigo frowned as he wiggled his loose front tooth in front of the bathroom mirror, before rolling up some toilet paper to stick up his bloody nose. So maybe that hadn’t gone as expected. Who knew she could kick so hard? Had Karin been giving her soccer lessons or something? He winced as he touched the bridge of his bruised nose. He’d have to ask Orihime to fix him up tomorrow. A black eye was already beginning to form.

“She got you good.” Isshin said, as he stood in the doorway snickering. “I’m so proud of her.”

“Yeah, yeah.” Ichigo said.

“I’m going to go check in on her. I hope the corn flakes are worth it, son.”

###

Yuzu sat on her bed, arms wrapped around her pillow as she stared off into the wall ahead. She didn’t even look up when she heard a knock on her door and her father came in.

“You going to be ok?” He asked patting her back as sat down next to her on the bed.

“I’m fine.” Yuzu said, avoiding his gaze.

“C’mon, it wasn’t even that scary.” Karin said without looking up from her manga.

“And I’m supposed to believe you had nothing to do with what happened?” Isshin asked, as Karin sank just a tad bit lower into her bed. “Yeah, that’s what I thought.” He turned back to Yuzu, who still sat with an unreadable expression on her face. “Do you think you’ll be ok through the night, or do you want me to bring you a pull-up from the clinic?”

“Daaad.” Yuzu whined. Her face turned crimson. “I don’t do that anymore!” She said through gritted teeth.

Karin snorted from across the room. “If you count a month, ‘not doing it anymore.’”

“I seem to recall catching a certain someone having too much soda before bed last summer trying to figure out how to work the washing machine at three in the morning.”

Not another peep was heard from Karin that night.

###

Yuzu tossed and turned in the night as she listened to the howling of the wind outside her bedroom. The dead branches of the tree outside her window cast eerie shadows in the moonlight across her walls. It was as if large boney hands were reaching inside to snatch her out of her bed. She hid herself under the covers, and tried to go to sleep, but now a new problem arose. She had to pee.

She grumbled as she tossed over onto her other side. She could wait until morning. She could wait until morning, she chanted to herself in her mind. She poked her head out from underneath the covers for a brief moment. She could wait until morning, if she stayed awake. She couldn’t handle the humiliation of having an accident after turning down protection. She held herself as she debated what to do. The darkness seemed extra formidable tonight. Thoughts of getting her ankles grabbed plagued her mind on repeat. Getting out of bed was surely the most dangerous part.

“Karin,” Yuzu whispered into night. “Karin,” She said again a little louder. All she got in response was some light snoring. How could she be so dead to the world after watching movies like that?

Yuzu shifted her legs more and more as time went on. She shoved her extra pillow between her legs to help her hold it. It helped for quite some time, but her urge was getting worse and worse. She moaned as she rocked against the pillows. Daylight couldn’t come fast enough.

###

Kon sat as still as the stuffed animal he was pretending to be. As soon as the last Kurosaki girl was asleep, he could sneak downstairs and watch Tv. Why oh why wasn’t she asleep yet? He was going to die of boredom. Mod souls didn’t sleep, unless they were in a human host. What could he possibly do to entertain himself in here without moving?

He heard Yuzu call her sisters name, only for her voice to ring out unanswered. She sure was squirming quite a bit tonight. And not to mention the soft moaning, he was sure he had heard that too. A dirty thought popped into his head. Nah, she couldn’t possibly be doing that, right? The more he thought about it, the more it seemed likely. When she grabbed the pillow and shoved it between her legs, he couldn’t believe it. That’s why she was checking to see if her sister was awake…

How lucky could one mod soul be? He sure was glad he wasn’t Ichigo tonight. Forget watching tv, he had front row seats to the best show in town. He watched as she rocked against her pillow and groaned. If stuffed animals got nosebleeds, he would be anemic by now. She got still before sitting up, hands jammed into her crotch. What a night this was turning out to be. He watched as she looked around the room for something. Was she looking for something to finish the job? Pick me, the perverted lion thought. Her eyes stopped on him. Had he said that out loud? Her hand inched towards him before pulling him off her nightstand towards her body, her face wracked with anxiety. She stopped halfway as if to debate the morality of what she was about to do.

DO IT DO IT! She set him on top of the blanket before sliding her panties off. He couldn’t believe what was happening. If he woke up in Ichigo’s body he was going to kill himself. Her head turned to make sure Karin wasn’t watching before lowering herself down on him. She rocked her hips once to make sure she was in the correct position. Oh man oh man! Sorry Ichigo, but I’m not closing my eyes for this.

“I’m so sorry, Bostov.” She whispered.

Don’t be sorry, my princess, you are about to bestow upon me the greatest gift I could have ever wished for or imagined. Now use me for your deepest and darkest desires. It will be our secret. Yes, let me hear more of your beautiful sighs…Huh, wait, why am I getting wet? Wait..is…is… she PEEING ON ME?!?

###

Yuzu hung Kon’s dripping, freshly washed body on the clothesline in the afternoon sun along with the households’ laundry. Had he always had that strange look on his face? She always thought he looked just a little bit different each time she saw him, but chalked it up to her imagination, before heading back inside.

###

He had laid there in the bed too stunned to move, until Yuzu had thrown him in the wash. As he hung in the sunlight he reflected on the nights events. He wasn’t sure if he had received the greatest gift or Christmas coal. He was as much aroused, as he was disgusted. All he knew for sure was that he’d be more careful what he wished for in the future.

*002*2016-02-06 07:17

{{: 

I generally prefer your multi-chapter stories, but reading this makes me wish I had more ideas I'd like to commission for fandoms on your list. Quite liked the way you have Ichigo and Karin teasing Yuzu play into her being too scared to leave bed and the hints of past bed wetting on the part of both twins. Also got a laugh out of Kon seeing the whole desperation scene and mistaking it for masturbation. Would've liked Yuzu's pov as she looks for something to relieve herself and a bit more detail on the actual peeing, but I'm still quite satisfied with the result.

}}

Humor is like a trademark I like to add too my stories ^^ One day I want people to be able to read a story and be like, yep, this is a Sasha story, without having to look. It feels too blah without it.

Ah, well the nice thing with a story rather than I picture is…I can edit it! Woo! I want you to be completely satisfied with it, so i have no problem with going back in and adding a scene like that. You are the buyer, so if you have any other ideas on how to make it better, than by all means, shoot ^^ (And yes, that address was correct, but ff.net wasn't letting me reply to your message for some reason)

*003*2016-02-06 20:18

{{:

And payment sent. Can't think of any additions I'd like beyond the above stated ones.

I do enjoy your sense of humor as it shows up in your writing.

FF.net's PM system has issues(I only use it for ordering commissions because it's marginally more usable than Omo.org's PM system). If your contact and paypal e-mails are the same, do you mind if I e-mail you directly regarding future commissions?

}}

Then I'll work on it again once I get home ^^ thank you. Yeah that's fine^^

