Taking the Piss

Author: maddjunkie

*000*2012-07-13 01:37

I am like...the worst. I got this as a request ages ago and let it sit on my backlog for months. UwU, I hope vexer6 even still likes the damn thing.

###

Chapter One

###

Meg absolutely hated her first period gym days at school, for a variety a reasons. She hated having to change in front of the other girls, she hated that she ended up smelling like sweat for the rest of the day, but most of all she hated that Connie D’Amico used it as an excuse to harass her even more than normal. The young Griffin girl sat at her vanity, brushing her hair absentmindedly as she waited for her younger brother to get out of the bathroom. She had woken up later than usual and hadn’t even gotten to brush her teeth before her brother had holed up in the restroom. She fidgeted where she sat, having not done her morning pee yet she was quickly growing desperate to get into the bathroom; she really did hope she wouldn’t have to walk to school without having the chance to go to the toilet.

“Meg! It’s already eight o’clock!” Lois popped her head into the doorway, already dressed for the day and carrying a load of dirty laundry, “Your father took the car today, so I can’t drive you if you wait too long to leave.” The brunette sighed at her mother but nodded, grabbing her book bag and hurrying down the stairs. She didn’t bother saying goodbye since no one really ever answered her back anyway, and set off the few blocks down the street to James Wood High Regional High School. It didn’t take her too long to get to school; despite her chubby body the teenager was mostly in shape, but the cool air conditioning of the building made her bladder contract forcefully, as if prodding her to remember to go to the bathroom.

Glancing down at her watch, Meg sighed realizing she’d probably have to use one of the dirty locker room toilets if she wanted to also be able to change her clothes in time. Jogging down to the lower level of the school, chewing her lip to keep from groaning at the feeling of her insides jostling about, she peeked into the girl’s locker room to see it already filled and bustling with her classmates. She frowned, trying to enter as quickly and stealthily as she could, maybe if she was fast enough Connie wouldn’t see her…

Fiddling with her locker took what felt like ages, especially since she tried to keep her legs from wiggling around and twisting around themselves. And just when she was going to give up in frustration, the lock popped open and Meg could at last throw her book-bag in and pull out her gym uniform; a standard pair of yellow bloomers with a white t-shirt. Bundling the clothes in her arms, the hat wearing teen nearly shrieked when her locker slammed shut before her. She didn’t even need to turn her head to know who had done it, and she groaned when she heard the sickly sweet voice of her tormentor,

“Meg I am hurt you didn’t want to come talk to me this morning,” Meg grumbled under her breath, trying to shuffle away from the intimidating girl, her hips shifting as once again her bladder tightened within her. Several of Connie’s friends stood around Meg, keeping her from getting away, but not from her legs from bouncing around. Her thick thighs rubbed against each other despite her trying to stand still; the thought of whatever it was Connie was planning on doing making her heart and her bladder race. The pretty blond smiled as she noticed Meg’s legs jiggling and immediately managing to come up with a cruel plan; the girl’s locker room only had three toilets, one of which was permanently out of order and the second locked for renovations. Without another word, Connie tilted her heads towards her buddies and left her target alone.

“Thank god,” Sighing, Meg made a beeline for the toilets, pushing against the first stall she came across. The door, however, didn’t budge and she frowned in confusion. She messed with the handle once more before trying to the next two toilets. Her heart dropped in her stomach as she realized all three stalls were locked from the inside, and from the sound of girls slamming their lockers shut and conversations dying down, class was about to start. Her legs squeezed together almost involuntarily as she sighed again, banging against the door in anger before deciding on what to do.

‘I can hold it, gym isn’t that long. I can hold it and go straight to the bathroom upstairs afterwards,’ she nodded to herself, steeling her resolve to hold on for the hour long class. She stripped out of her jeans and pink top, changing into her uniform; the outfit wasn’t very flattering for a girl her size, the fabric of the T-shirt straining against her breasts and showing off the plain white bra she wore underneath and the bloomers weren’t much better. She grimacing as she pulled them on, they stretched tight across her stomach and bladder; the small yellow things were more like a second pair of panties, not even reaching her thighs and showing off her thick behind and short legs. Taking a deep breath and gathering up her street clothes to put them into her locker, Meg once again tried to steady her nerves. The second she slammed her locker shut, the gym coach entered the locker room to bring out the lagers for the start of class.

If there was one thing Meg appreciated about gym class, it was the fact that they rarely did strenuous activity and today was no exception; an indoor game of kickball. Everyone had to participate, but the participate didn’t have to be the best, most of the kids ended up giving a half-assed kick and maybe a jog to first or second base, making it overall a chill and relaxing period. While Meg thought of the day as a blessing on her bursting bladder, Connie thought of it as another happy coincidence in humiliating Griffin. The blond haired teen volunteered to be not only on Meg’s team but to be the catcher, a completely uncharacteristic offer that seemed to faze no one as particularly odd. People waiting in line to kick were allowed to sit on the gym floor, which Meg was once again thankful for, taking the opportunity to try and press her fingers against herself without my attention.

All in all, Connie was a mediocre catcher, she didn’t like the thought of possibly breaking a nail or getting too sweaty, but she had a good arm for throwing the ball back to the pitcher. People waiting in line to kick were allowed to sit on the gym floor, which Meg was once again thankful for, taking the opportunity to try and press her fingers against herself without my attention. However, when it was finally Meg’s turn to kick, standing up made her feel as though her entire bladder had been dropped into her stomach, and she doubled over for a moment until the sudden urge passed.

Connie perked up in anticipation, she thought it would have taken much longer for her to get to that point, and she smiled at her luck. With her leg pulled back in preparation, Meg was caught unaware when she felt nails dig into the side of her stomach. She squealed, missing the ball as it rolled past her towards Connie, her legs instantly squeezing together as the need to pee overcame her. She looked to the catcher, scowling and pointing in anger,

“Connie what the heck?!” She bounced a bit as she shouted, her legs still clamped together as she waited for an explanation. Feigning innocence, the blonde simply threw the ball to the pitcher and motioned for Meg to turn back around. Miffed but not feeling up to fighting back, the brunette faced the pitcher and once again prepared to hit the ball. And just as before, as soon as she was about to kick, she felt nails dig into her sides, this time with Connie pushing as hard as she could with both hands. She squealed, the pressure on her sides making her squirt into her panties.

Gasping, Meg crossed her legs as tightly as she could, willing herself to stop herself from peeing. With one hand reaching down to hold herself, she used her other to smack at Connie’s fingers. Her bladder throbbed painfully, urine from both the night before and this morning making their presence known within the confines of her body. She couldn’t feel any wetness where her hand was, so she knew she must have stopped herself quickly, but now that she had that one leak, it was getting harder to hold. With her hips wiggling from side to side and her face blushing faintly, Meg once again pointed at Connie.

“Seriously, what the hell are you trying to pull?” She hissed between her teeth, desperately willing her insides to stop sloshing with her pent up waters. Connie once again shrugged her shoulders, smiling coyly until the coach blew her whistle for the blond catcher to toss the ball back. Meg growled low in her throat, annoyed at both the girl and her own weakening control. Waiting for the pitcher to roll the ball to her was agony; she could feel herself flushing from the strain of holding on, her legs unable to stop moving and her pee pressing right against her opening. She scissored her thighs opened and closed repeatedly until the ball finally started to move towards her, and she once again reeled her leg back for her last kick.

Squatting behind the chubby girl, Connie smirked wickedly and raised her fingers right to her target’s backside. Waiting until Meg was kicking her foot forward, Connie flicked her fingers right against where she could make out the girl’s lower lips. Her shorts and panties were thin and spread tight across her privates, very little protection against the sharp pain that radiated from her most sensitive area. Meg yelped, drawing the attention of the class to herself as she immediately brought a hand down to herself. The feeling of her crotch dripping with wetness made her pull her hand back in surprise, and it slowly dawned on her that her legs were feeling warm.

“Please just kill me now,” Meg shut her eyes tight, praying that when she opened them again she would be in bed and this would be an awful nightmare. She opened one brown eye and glanced down to see her legs streaked with shiny liquid, and over the murmurs of her classmates and Connie’s giggling she could hear her pee hissing through her clothes and dripping on the floor. Heat rushed to her face, turning her bright red as she shut her legs trying to stem the flow. Instead, the pee poured from the back of her shorts, making them sag and droop from the fullness of her pee, exposing her once white panties to the class. When it finally tapered off to the trickle, Meg spread her legs, looking at the now dark yellow bloomers and the puddle of urine she stood in.

“Looks like the Griffin baby can’t hold a little pee!” Connie screamed out, inciting the class into uproarious laughter at the poor girl’s accident. Thoroughly humiliated Meg sniffled, feeling her eyes prick with tears and without a word she took off in a dash to the girl’s locker room, urine soaked shoes squeaking the entire way. She ran straight to the shower, not even bothering to take off her wet clothes as she turned the water as hot as it would go and let the stream cover her completely. Taking her time, she cried in the shower as she stripped down and washed the smell off of herself. There was no way she was going to go to the rest of her classes, everyone would hear about how she pissed herself in gym and she’d be bullied even worse than usual.

“Connie D’Amico, I am going to make you pay for this…”

*004*2012-08-25 06:08

Cannot BELIEVE it took me over a month for this. I had a few computer problems but they seem all fixed up now

Chapter Two:

“Haha oh my GOD can you believe it!” Connie couldn’t help but smile to herself as she walked into the locker room, listening to the cackling laughter and whispered gossip in the noisy room. She had really outdone herself this time; people were going to be talking about little miss pissy Meg for weeks if not for the rest of her high school career. Still giggling to herself as she changed, the blonde found herself quickly confused as she rummaged through her locker. Her water bottle had disappeared! She was certain she had bought one this morning, but perhaps it had just slipped her mind? She frowned but shrugged it off, quickly grabbing her purse; she waited for her friends before walking to her next class.

###>

Meg Griffin, on the other hand, was still flushing with embarrassment as she stormed the hallways of James Wood High School. There was one person in particular she was looking for, and she knew exactly where he was. Slamming her hand on the locker, she watched as Neil Goldman jumped in surprise, shrinking away from the source of the noise.

“Oh god, please don’t hurt me,” Meg scoffed, rolling her eyes and moving her hand from the locker to place them on Neil’s shoulders.

“Neil, don’t be an idiot. Now I need a favor,” She licked her lips pausing to make sure she had the redhead’s attention. When she was certain he was listening she continued in a lower tone, “I know you take some of the pills from your dad’s pharmacy, give me a water pill.” He seemed to consider it, reading into his fanny pack and digging around for a small packet of two pills. He shook the pack before Meg, keeping a firm grip as she grabbed for the other end,

“Ah-ah-ah, you owe me big time for this.” He grinned, wiggling his eyebrows suggestively, and Meg couldn’t help but groan in annoyance. Snatching away the packet and stuffing it in her pocket, she nodded hurriedly,

“Fine whatever you want just not now.” And with that, she was scurrying off down the hall, rushing to get to the second period class she shared with Connie. When she was a few feet away from the door, she shuffled to the side and reached into her bookbag to pull out the distinctive bright blue water bottle she had taken from Connie’s locker that morning. Unscrewing the cap, she dropped the two water pills inside and closed it back up. She couldn’t help but grin to herself; if Connie thought she was going to get away with humiliating her this time she had another thing coming! Checking the clock, she knew she had managed to get to her class several minutes early; no matter, she’d use it to her advantage anyway. Walking inside the mostly empty classroom, she placed the bottle on the teacher’s desk and mumbled some excuse to the professor about how she had found it and was sure it belonged to Connie.

It was only a few minutes later, right before the bell rung, that Connie and her gaggle of friends entered class. Right away she noticed her water bottle and gratefully took it from the teacher, shaking it lightly before taking a few sips immediately. When she slid into her seat in the middle row, she turned around in her chair and loudly exclaimed,

“Why if it isn’t Little Miss Pissy. Didn’t expect to see you here after your accent!” The class burst into giggles and whispers and Meg felt her face heat up in shame. Fighting back tears she merely ignored the insult, grinding her teeth and clenching her fists; Connie would get what was coming to her. The teacher didn’t bother punishing Connie, almost no one ever did, and instead clapped her hands loudly to get everyone’s attention. The lesson for that day was some dreadfully boring discussion about King Lear, and as Meg was expecting she caught Connie drinking repeatedly from her water bottle to stave off boredom. It wasn’t that long into the hour long class when she noticed Connie shift in her seat, crossing her legs in the small school chair. By the time they were halfway through the lecture, the chubby brunette had noticed her enemy shift several more times, legs moving a bit more than normal, as if she couldn’t get comfortable.

###>

Connie couldn’t understand why she felt so uncomfortable this morning. She took another sip of her water she wiggled in her chair, baffled by the sudden pressure in her stomach. She could finish two of her water bottles without needing a pee usually so why was today any different? Running a hand through her long hair, she eyed the clock; ten minutes until lunch break. She wrinkled her nose; the idea of using the school’s toilet was absolutely disgusting to her and there was no way she would stoop so low. Crossing her long legs once more, she managed to ignore her little problem for the rest of the class period. As soon as she stood up to leave with her friends, however, her bladder felt as if a thousand liters of water had been poured into it; she buckled, knees knocking as she struggled to regain control. It was only a minor wave of desperation but it made her nervous, her face turning a bit red as she straightened her legs out.

“Like, are you okay Connie?” Her blonde friend put a gentle hand on her shoulder and Connie forced a smile, flipping her hair back,

“Of course I am. Now let’s go eat,”

Lunch, of course, didn’t make it any better, and now Connie felt like her insides were screaming at her. As she left her friends in the cafeteria to go to her next period class, she briefly considered stopping by the bathroom. The idea still made her vastly uncomfortable, however, and she decided to ignore her urge. Her bladder was throbbing somewhat, but as she took a seat near the back of the class, she felt a bit better at her ability to hold on.

Of course, that was at the beginning of class when the teacher was actively discussing physics with the classroom. As the period progressed and they were required to simply read their books as the teacher sat at the front, Connie felt herself slipping. She reached down when she thought no one was looking and gave herself a small squeeze, sighing under her breath at the momentary relief. She could see her tummy poke out a bit, the once flat surface expanding to accommodate her filling bladder. Whenever she would squirm in her seat, the hairs in the back of her neck would raise as if someone were watching her, and she would blush and sit as still as she could manage for several minutes. The last thing she needed was someone finding out she was rapidly starting to break her neck for a wee.

Messing with the ends of her hair as a means of distraction, she crossed her legs and clamped down tightly. Even that was starting to work less and less, as the two water pills made their way through her system. She found herself bouncing in her seat, wiggling her ass from side to side as if that would somehow make her urge disappear. She could feel her urine seeping closer and closer to escape, her face nearly burning and her legs aching from her constant tensing and flexing of muscles.

“Mr. Facard?” Connie finally forced herself to raise her hand, grabbing the teacher’s attention and that of the rest of her classmates. The man looked up from what he was writing and nodded slowly,

“Um I’m not feeling well, can I go see the nurse?” She gave the most pitiful look she could muster, and he seemed to accept it, nodding once more and waving his hand dismissively. She smiled and gathered her purse before jetting out of the room. She practically hobbled from her desk to the door, but at this point she didn’t care, she just didn’t want to pee herself in class.

Out in the hallway however, a new problem was arising. What the hell was she going to do now? Connie groaned, putting a hand on her stomach and feeling the liquid inside her slosh around. She was breaking out in a sweat; Christ she had never been so desperate for a pee in all her life. There was no way she was going to be able to make it home dry. Squinting her eyes shut, she mustered as much nerve as she could, and then made her way as quickly as she could to the restroom on this floor. Her legs moved jerkily, thighs squeezing together every few moments when she thought she was going to lose control. Reaching the end of the hall, she reached a hand out for the knob, raising one leg and grinding her sensitive privates into her thigh as she prayed to keep control. As she entered the bathroom however, waiting for her was Meg.

“Ugh you creepy bitch, get out of here!” She scowled, using one hand to pull up her tight pants so the seam would press against her burning peephole. Meg gave a laugh, shaking her head defiantly,

“No, fuck you Connie! You think you can just humiliate me like that?!” Meg uncrossed her arms and turned on the sink closest to her, watching as Connie moaned and shivered from the sound of running water. Closing her eyes, Connie felt like she could burst into tears where she stood, moving her legs up and down against each other and nearly running on the spot in desperation. Taking several quick strides, Meg stood in front of Connie and reached out with her hand to press the thinner girl’s stomach,

“Ah! Stop!” Connie cried out, her legs closing shut as her bladder was assaulted. Meg pulled back, but not without some snickering on her end. She reached out once again, this time though, she reached between her legs, rubbing two fingers against the area where Connie’s tight pants practically outlined her vulva. The blonde gasped, jerking her hips and looking in shock and horror at the other girl,

“You know what, I can see why you made me pee myself; this is fun.” Meg muttered, more to herself than to Connie, and continued rubbing her fingers along the girl’s sensitive area. Connie could do almost nothing but whimper, her bladder pulsing forcefully inside her and Meg’s fingers stimulating her far too much. She shut her eyes and felt her legs quiver as the first spurt left her, dripping straight to her pants. She knew Meg could feel it, and her face burned as she tried to keep from leaking anymore. But Meg continued teasing the girl, using her free hand to start pushing gently into her stomach, and Connie felt herself dribbling a steady leak into her pants, the pee leaving trails on the stretchy red fabric.

“M-meg…shit!” A rough shove into her stomach and that was it, she could feel herself pee more forcefully, her spandex pants soaking up some of the golden liquid but most of it poured through and on the floor, soaking her shoes. The smell was acrid, and she knew she probably would have to throw away her pants than even try to clean them up after this. As she spurted and pissed, she could feel Meg still rubbing her, brushing over her clit every few moments, working her up even more. It felt like forever before her pee finally trickled to a stop and Meg took her fingers away from her soaked crotch.

“Well I hope you enjoy the rest of the school day with your pissy pants you bitch,” Meg waved as she left the bathroom, leaving Connie in her puddle of urine as she sniffled, contemplating how she was going to explain this mess.

