Jill Valentine Omo

Author: justarandomguy

*000*2015-11-28 03:36

Along the lines of my Ellie fanfic, another favorite character of mine I would love to see in a desperation situation would be Jill Valentine from the Resident Evil series. And the Jill I'm talking about is the brunette STARS Jill from the original (or at least HD remake) game. Now that I have some time since this semester of school is nearly done, I figured I'd treat you all to another story. I'm not expecting this to be as good as the Ellie one, but I'll leave that up the reader:

It was supposed to have been a quick mission. In and out, her superiors had assured her. Investigate the mansion, report any findings, return to headquarters. It was really that simple. At least until Brad Vickers took off in the helicopter and left them there. So now, hours later, the mansion had become a permanent place of residence. If not for the zombies roaming the halls, it might've been peaceful.

She'd have been lying to herself if she didn't think her panties were already a bit damp. The sudden arrival of a pair of zombie dogs through a few of the mansion’s windows had jostled both her heart and her bladder. A few errant spurts had escaped as she put her attackers down, but her bladder was far from empty.

“In and out,” she repeated to herself sarcastically, squirming ever so slightly as she turned down another maze of corridors. It had only been a few hours since their arrival, but it had been much longer than that since she last relieved herself. The helicopter ride had done a number on her filling bladder, as did the sprint through the woods to the mansion. She was getting desperate. But without Chris, Barry, or Wesker around to cover for her, she didn't feel comfortable letting her guard down. “Damn it…”

She actually paused to undo a notch from her utility belt. It didn't completely help, but it at least eased some of the pressure. Another sharp turn down another empty hallway got her nowhere. She bit her lip.

“I don't even know where the bathroom is in this place. For a mansion, you'd think there'd be at least one or two or ten…”

Things were still quiet save for the light rain outside and the occasional thunder. Any other day, she would've loved to hear the rain pattering on the windows. But right now, her bladder wasn't having it. Her need was growing, but she had no way of finding relief. Her team would never let it go if they found her squatting somewhere in a corner.. She kept moving, pushing the thoughts of her predicament further into the back of her mind.

“More like a pee-dicament,” she joked weakly to herself, but quickly winced when another sharp spasm wracked her lower body. “Okay, I give up… Gotta find a bathroom and find it fast.”

Luckily for her, at the very end of the next corridor was an ornate master bathroom, compete with toilet, bath, and countertop. The only thing she concerned herself with was the piece of porcelain opposite the mirror in the corner of the room.

“Thank God,” she gasped, throwing the door closed behind her, already going to unbuckle her belt and remove her utility straps. Her legs were pressed tightly together, bladder screaming for relief, but suddenly there was a hard knock at the door.

“Barry?”

There was no reply. She had just gotten her pants down, when the door shook again. Her legs were trembling now as she found herself in a wobbly squat over the toilet with only her pants down. The panties had yet to follow suit when her mind found itself preoccupied with whomever was at her door.

“Barry?” she repeated, “is that you? I'm a bit busy…”

The door suddenly slammed open as a lone zombie forced its way in, moaning loudly, hands outstretched towards her.

“Oh shit!” She had just grabbed her gun when her bladder also released a hard, jetting spurt of warmth into her panties. Firing a single round that sent her attacker to the floor, her racing mind then returned to her previous task at hand all too late.

The hissing of her strong stream was unmistakeable once the silence set back into the room. Finally getting her panties down around her knees, she collapsed onto the toilet as her pee splashed and hissed into the bowl. Dropped her head down to her chest, she saw that her panties were drenched. Collateral damage of the worst kind.

“Doesn't matter,” she said to herself, still peeing hard, her stream seemingly endless, “most of it got in the toilet… Kind of…” The yellow puddles all around the base of the toilet said otherwise.

It was a good long minute later when her stream finally tapered off with a weak dribble. With a sigh, she pulled up her damp panties and felt them rub sensually against her crotch. Any other time she’d have gone with it, had a little fun with herself, but now was not the time or the place. The night was far from over.

Readjusting her equipment and smoothing out her pants, she stepped over the pee splatters as well as the fallen corpse. Pulling the door shut behind her as she left, she sincerely hoped that none of her team would stumble upon her mess. The zombie she could explain… The pee… Well. Not so much.

“Can't say I didn't try…”

Continuing onwards down the hall, she couldn't help but moan as her thighs rubbed together against her damp panties. It was going to be a long night. Hopefully she wouldn't have to pee again anytime soon because this time, she probably wouldn't even bother with a toilet.

