Star Trek Voyager - "Distortions"

Author: mousex

*000*2012-02-24 22:33

Hi,

This is an updated version of a story I wrote a while ago and posted on a different forum. They didn't allow edits, so a few irritating mistakes were present that I have hopefully fixed here.

It's a pee-themed retelling of the Season 5 episode "Bride of Chaotica", which takes place over several days and featured one of Star Trek's rare bathroom references. I took this a little further.

Distortions

11:20 HOURS

The spacious room was warm, kept so by the finest climate control of the 24th century. The Captain gazed around her office and smiled gently to herself at the glimmering starfield outside the window. Kathryn Janeway and her crew had suffered through more than their fair share of disasters, and it was rare that she had the opportunity to simply enjoy the peace and quiet of her luxurious ready room. She glanced at the computer on her desk - Lt. Paris and Ensign Kim were off enjoying some well-earned holodeck time, but the rest of her bridge crew were present and correct, ready to meet whatever demands the day presented. Satisfied, she uncrossed her legs and stood up, making her way to the replicator. One energy-matter conversion later, and a pot of coffee was in her slender hands as she made her way back to the chair.

As she sat, Janeway became aware of her bladder starting to feel a little tight. She frowned slightly to herself. It had only been three hours since she had reported for duty this morning, and she was only on her fourth coffee. The Captain knew that she was still in good shape for a woman of her age, but this was of little comfort. In her academy days, young Kathryn had taken her physical training very seriously despite her scientific focus. You couldn't expect to win academy marathons if you were crossing your legs every ten minutes, nor could you command a survey mission that may require environmental suits to be worn for extended periods of time. Starfleet officers were held to high standards, and starship captains even more so.

This particular captain's frown faded as she remembered some of her more unconventional training exercises - how she would deliberately drink as much as possible in the afternoons, then see how long she could hold on throughout the evening and into the night. Not only did it do wonders for her self-control, but she found it could sometimes relieve certain other stresses that plagued the career-minded young woman. As she climbed the ranks, Janeway had less and less time for her little hobby and she had all but given it up when she became Captain.

At first she had been too busy, and frankly it had become impossible considering how much coffee she was drinking now. She had even started to suffer during long negotiations - an alien race would have supplies that Voyager needed, but some obscure customs or delicate protocol demanded a seven-hour greeting ceremony or something, and Janeway would have her legs pressed hard together under the desk, sweat starting to form at her perfect hairline as she squirmed, wanting to fabricate an emergency simply so that she could get relief. She never had to do such a thing, but there had been more than one close call. As she sipped from her heated cup, Kathryn thought to herself.

"Why not?" she thought. The hot liquid settled into her stomach, and she had made up her mind. Today was quiet, and that was rare. What better time to get back into practice? She was a Captain now, true, but this meant that she had more freedom if it got to be too much. She remembered an incident from when she was a Cadet, twisting her jumpsuit-clad legs together as she tried to explain her situation to the impassive lieutenant. How she had missed curfew, and how she was very sorry, and please could she be allowed into the shared quarters before she flooded the spotless barrack floors? That wouldn't happen now, and her vague smile twisted into a sardonic smirk.

She strode onto the bridge, eyes passing over the consoles that controlled the ship and the officers that oversaw those consoles. They were trained professionals, and they rarely missed anything. Her face now a mask of responsibility, Kathryn Janeway took her central chair and crossed her legs once more, the momentary shock of need now sparking excitement rather than shame. She would fool them all yet.

13:04 HOURS

Captain Janeway stood up from her mess-hall chair slightly more carefully than she usually would, though she didn't think anyone would notice. Neelix was off in his Kitchen prodding some strange-smelling concoction, and none of the junior crewmembers felt comfortable around their captain in a social setting. Kathryn often regretted the distance that must come with the responsibility of command, but it was unavoidable - especially in a situation such as theirs. A starship captain has to be a figure of absolute authority, with iron mind and body. Right now, her body was not feeling anywhere near so solid, and she could certainly empathize with any discomfort they felt. She was beginning to regret drinking the two coffees, but she still had hours of duty ahead of her. As the mugs cooled slowly on the smooth tabletop. Janeway discreetly adjusted her uniform and headed for the turbolift, just as an alert sounded throughout the deck.

"Report!" commanded Voyager's captain, as she reached the bridge. The first officer briefed her on the situation, how the ship had dropped out of warp and was now at a dead stop. Tuvok added that engines were still operational. Before long, it was apparent that the vessel was being slowly crippled by gravimetric forces, apparently without source. This was really not what she needed right now, as her own bladder was itself beginning to feel distorted. As the crew started to follow the various procedures that may extricate them from this anomaly, Janeway wondered if it was time to go and relieve her own burden. She strengthened her resolve and uncrossed her legs, standing up to assert herself. She ordered power diverted to structural integrity. If only her systems were so easily controlled...

A few minutes later, Janeway was standing in Astrometrics watching Seven of Nine manipulate a representation of the space around them. The adrenaline of the situation had pushed her own need back slightly, but she found her mind wandering to the subject of the statuesque ex-drone that stood beside her. She knew that Borg drones had their digestive systems replaced during assimilation, and that their needs were taken care of through energy regeneration. It was true that Seven still needed to regenerate, but not as much as other drones. How much of her human biology had been restored?

Until today, Janeway had respected Seven's decision to keep her medical status private as far as possible. It was an important part of becoming an individual after all. Janeway couldn't help but wonder, however. Seven had become an extremely professional member of the crew, exceeding most Maquis and even some Starfleet officers when it came to deportment – but had she ever ducked into unused crew quarters during a shift for a much needed voiding? Had one of those remarkably tight catsuits been moistened by a barely-held tide of part-Borg water? Janeway mentally shook her head. She was this woman's superior officer, and there was no time for such speculation anyway.

Janeway spoke to Seven and Torres about the situation, then glared irritably at Paris as the Lieutenant made a useless remark. He had joined her on the way to meet Torres, mentioning distortions in the holodeck. Although Seven believed these were harmless symptoms of their current problem, Janeway felt differently. Holodecks were essential for maintaining morale and running engineering and tactical simulations, but they also tended to attract the most bizarre problems.

Bringing her mind back to the current situation, Captain Janeway related a similar case from her days as a science officer. As she and Seven agreed on a plan, Janeway felt a twinge from between her legs and quickly moved her hands downward, pushing them into her pelvis in what she hoped looked like a casual gesture. As the urge mercifully started to fade, she smiled at her crew members and walked out of the room.

21:07 HOURS

Finally, her shifts were finished. The crew had performed as well as could be hoped for, but they were no closer to finding a solution. Janeway had spent most of the day sitting on the bridge suppressing her need, or retiring to her ready room when it became too much. At one point she even locked both sets of doors and blanked the exterior windows before grasping her crotch and kneading it into submission. She spent ten minutes kneeling on the floor, The heel of her Starfleet-issue boot grinding against her urethra as she fought against her own biology. She carefully straightened up, and walked back onto the bridge in full command. Hours later, she went down to Engineering to oversee the work. She could pace up and down in there, and it would be seen as an aid to thought processes rather than the last-ditch efforts of a woman bursting for relief.

This trial was almost over now. Kathryn nodded curtly to a number of crewmembers as she marched toward her quarters, sweat forming across her face and body. Once inside, she sealed the doors and leaned hard against her desk, forcing her muscles to obey. Part of her wanted to just let go then and there on the carpet, while a rather more sensible portion of her mind was shouting at her to abandon all decorum and run to the bathroom, tearing off the lower part of her uniform as she went. Kathryn did neither of these things. She wanted to savour this.

Placing her commbadge and rank pins on the desk, Janeway sat down on her bed. Wincing at the pressure, she bent over and pulled off her boots. Her uniform jacket and shirt were next to go, placed neatly onto a pile as she started to hop around the room with one leg folded up to her rear. Groaning slightly, she unfastened her uniform pants which were by now cutting tightly into her stretched abdomen. As they pooled around her bare feet, she looked appraisingly at herself in the large mirror.

Despite the sheen of moisture coating her exposed flesh, or perhaps because of it, she was looking fine. Her bare legs were bobbing slightly as she walked on the spot, and she caught a glimpse of the decidedly non-standard panties beneath her long vest. What was once a romantic extravagance had become dull and ordinary, as mounting energy costs had required the crew to start wearing civilian clothing beneath their uniforms. These delicate white briefs had been a gift, but Kathryn was too preoccupied to remember who they were from.

As she twisted around and lowered her hands to her crotch once more, she noticed the outline of her nipples showing prominently though her vest, despite the sports-bra like construction. There was definitely more than one need to be taken care of now. Shuffling across the floor inches at a time in an un-choreographed dance, she finally reached her private bathroom. The urgency intensified as her eyes fell on the toilet, and she scuttled across while turning to sit down. In what was now almost a reflex, she intertwined her legs tightly as she felt her bladder respond to the new seated position. The absurdity of sitting on the toilet, desperate to go but with panties on and legs crossed almost made her laugh, but that would certainly push her over the edge.

Slowly, carefully, she moved her right hand down across her hips to her groin and started circling as her left hand moved up inside her thin vest to stroke her excited nipples. Her legs opened and closed rapidly, crushing her hand against the cloth of her panties. Kathryn whimpered and sped up her ministrations, and her left hand started grasping at the smooth flesh of her breasts. Her hard, overfull bladder was pressing deliciously against her sweet spot from the inside as she slid her hand inside the panties and resumed her patterns, one way and then the other, one finger then a whole hand, teasing around her engorged lips before attacking upwards. This carried on for what felt like an age as her muscles tensed to an incredible degree. She was getting closer, she was so close, she was almost there...

Almost too late, Captain Kathryn Janeway frantically pushed her panties down over her warm thighs. She pulled her right hand up, hard, as the damp briefs fell to her feet, and her head fell backward as everything happened at once. Her repeated gasps slid into a high wail as she screamed louder than she had in years. Her labia was quivering furiously, internal muscles gave one last push before giving up completely, and she came so hard that she almost passed out as a high-pressure torrent jetted from her body to the metallic bowl below.

The whistling hiss of the stream combined with the tinkle of the hot liquid on cold steel in a way that was almost musical, thought Janeway fuzzily as her head hung down. Although she began to regain awareness of her surroundings, she was still captivated by the golden river that poured between her thighs. It showed no sign of stopping for over a minute, but then gradually reduced in speed and then size. Janeway rubbed her sore abdomen as it trickled to a halt, and sighed in contentment when the warm air dryer soothed her nether regions.

Recalling an old software module she had covertly installed, Janeway called out “Computer: Measure”. The goods were already gone, taken away to be processed for energy conversion, but this code queried the waste processing system directly.

“One thousand, two hundred and fifty three millilitres” came the neutral reply, but by then Kathryn had thrown her vest at the pile as she slipped naked into her bed, fingers already probing for another session.

ONE DAY AFTER SUBSPACE EVENT

B'Elanna Torres cursed as her hand smacked into the wall of a Jefferies tube. She had been crawling around for over three hours, and still had not found the loose coupling that was holding up their impulse recalibration. Janeway had personally directed the engineering team in their efforts, with an enthusiasm that was rare to see in their matronly captain - and though B'Elanna sometimes resented Janeway taking command of Torres' own department, the results spoke for themselves.

The team was driven and they had made several interesting discoveries about the subspace "sandbar" that trapped them - but it would all be for nothing while this connection was broken. Despite their best efforts the Voyager engineering staff were constantly having to replace damaged components with substandard parts, usually bartered from friendly alien races. The tube that B'Elanna carried in her small briefcase had been traded for last week, and Torres felt herself get annoyed again as she remembered the exchange.

She had been cornered by a medical officer from the trade delegation, who had wanted to discuss Klingon biology and how it may influence development of a cure for the Vidiian phage. B'Elanna didn't like talking about her Klingon side at the best of times, but protocol demanded that she treat this diplomat with respect and so she hastily explained about the Klingon tenancy toward duplicate internal organs. As a half-human, only her digestive system was affected – a fact that she did not need reminding of while four hours into a ceremonial seated dinner. The alien had tried questioning her further, but Janeway had signalled for B'Elanna to come across the room and inspect the engine part.

As she made her down another Jefferies tube, she thought about how most people saw serving in Starfleet - a noble and glamorous calling. Would they be shocked at the discussion of internal organs during a diplomatic function, or would they be more bothered by her current appearance? Sweat plastered her bobbed hair down across her face and held her uniform tight against her sinewy curves. Her rear was stuck in the air as she inspected the floor plating. She smirked to herself as she imagined what Tom's reaction would be - he would probably stare for a few seconds before throwing out some remark that straddled the line between endearing and inappropriate. As she lowered herself to the deck and started moving again, B'Elanna felt liquid slosh around inside her and cursed herself again for thinking of her plumbing.

Torres had been running diagnostics all morning before taking a quick replicated lunch, after which she had dived straight into the Jefferies tube. As she had been telling the irritating ambassador, she did indeed have redundant organs - specifically she had two bladders. This was apparently quite common amongst half-Klingon females, and it sounded useful. Waste liquid would pass from each kidney to a different bladder - B'Elanna felt like yelling at her traitorous knees that wavered every time she thought the word 'bladder' - and would then be released in the normal way. The main problem was that the individual bladders were smaller, and would often fill at different rates - requiring more breaks.

Rarely, they would fill together and then the unfortunate part-Klingon would REALLY need to go. Each bladder would be pressing into the other, and the slightest movement would send urgent ripples across the whole lower abdomen. Now that she was thinking about it, B'Elanna realized that she had not actually been to the bathroom since retiring to bed last night. Her morning shower had been hurried, and she had been busy all day since. Now that she had stopped, she could feel her body beginning to rebel.

Telling herself that she had no time for this, Torres pressed on. She was edging along the access corridor when her commbadge sounded:

“Vorik to Lieutenant Torres”

“Torres here” she replied after tapping the golden insignia on her breast

“I am reading increased power consumption levels from the holoemitter processing core, in the next compartment to you. I advise caution”.

“Thanks, Vorik” said B'Elanna as she tapped the badge again. This was probably the error she had been looking for. As she entered the next section, B'Elanna became aware of something very hot just around the corner. As she turned to look, she became aware of forcefields springing up behind her as well as at the far end of the compartment. She was now trapped in a twenty-meter section of access tunnel with only a basic engineering toolkit and two full bladders. Growling to herself again, she hailed Vorik.

“What the hell's happening here?”

“Lieut- zzzz-r... we are expeeer-r-r e gravitatonn-” stuttered Vorik's voice before the comlink terminated completely.

ONE HOUR LATER

B'Elanna was hunched up with her back to the wall, knees up against her chin, rocking for all she was worth. Communications were still down and she didn't have the equipment to break through the force fields. Half an hour ago, an ensign had updated her from the other side of the compartment that they had detected gravimetric distortions inside the deck's holoemitters, and had to quarantine the section until the unit could be deactivated. B'Elanna dismissed him as professionally as she could manage, but the minute he were out of view she was squirming around once more, hands pinned between her legs.

She was full to the brim now, even by Klingon standards, and she couldn't last much longer. She was only a Starfleet engineer, after all – she couldn't change the laws of physics. She decided to shift her position again, and after an awkward moment she was on all fours with her legs spread wide apart. The increased urgency almost made her fall over, but the bladders themselves were in a more comfortable position. She fumbled at the fastenings of her uniform, trying to relieve more pressure when her commbadge bleeped again.

They had been able to get though, but there was now a more serious problem. The distortion had overloaded the processors, and the coolant had all but evaporated. If the situation was not resolved within ten minutes, a plasma fire could rip through the deck. Even the automatic fire suppression systems would be useless, as the cold water would crack the coolant tubes and cause a bigger fire. The optimal temperature would be around 310 kelvins...

The engineering support team were preparing an evacuation, when Torres replied to their message.

“Leave this to me. Keep the force fields up, and don't send anyone else in. It's too dangerous”.

She dragged herself over to the panel and wrenched it open. She could already feel the heat build-up, and wondered to herself if she would tell anyone about her innovative problem solving methods. She decided against it. She didn't particularly want to be famous, and certainly not for this.

Opening her toolkit with one hand, she fumbled with the flies on her uniform trousers with the other. With barely a second to lose, and privately glad that she had forgotten to wear underwear today, she jammed the wider end of the replacement coupling between her legs. The feel of the cold metal against her soft flesh combined with her intense need to urinate and overcame the last of her control, and she had only just aimed the other end of the tube at the coolant refill aperture before the liquid started to flow. Torres smiled to herself in double relief - her own needs fulfilled, she felt pleasantly drained as she looked at the counter above the coolant tank. It was just above the 1.5 litre mark.

TWO DAYS AFTER SUBSPACE EVENT

“Please stop fidgeting, Seven”

“I do not... fidget. The circulation to my legs has become impaired due to prolonged inactivity, and I am attempting to rectify the situation”

Shaking his holographic head, The Doctor walked away from the Bio-bed where Seven of Nine was sitting. She was in sickbay for a routine check-up of her remaining implants, and she could not help but consider the procedure tiresome.

The Doctor returned from his office carrying a new tray of implements. He passed a small, humming device over a section of her skin-tight blue catsuit.

“Have you been experiencing any pain in your kidneys?” asked The Doctor, as he typed a few notes into a PADD. Seven replied in the negative, but was surprised as a jolt of static electricity shocked her from the insides. The Doctor noticed her expression, and reached for his Tricorder.

“Ah, just as I suspected. Your reclamation unit is malfunctioning. Some of the materials that form this particular implant seem to be attracting these anomalies.”

Hundreds of cybernetic devices were laced throughout Seven's body. For most of her life she had been an almost mindless drone, slaved to the Collective. The Voyager crew had rescued her and removed many of the implants, but medical requirements and certain personal choices had left her with many internal additions – as well as her unusual name – to remind her of her former nature.

The reclamation unit was designed to absorb the excess matter created by species that shed their skin or had biological processes that could not be overcome by assimilation, and thus was mostly inactive in humans – or as the Borg knew them, species 5618. Assimilation was often a quick and brutal operation involving rapid surgery or invasive nanoprobes, and it was not always possible to tailor the implants to the precise needs of the potential drone. Seven's reclamation unit had been kept after she joined Voyager because much of her digestive system had been removed.

The Doctor had been trying to regrow these organs for the past few months, and it looked as if he would need to accelerate his plans. The reclamation unit would only function for a few more hours before shutting down permanently.

Seven accepted this news stoically. It was certainly convenient to be able to work for long periods without breaks, but the rest of the crew seemed to value their humanity above efficiency. Even the Doctor aspired to be more human than he had been programmed to be, and they all assumed that she felt the same way.

“Your kidneys have been working behind the scenes for a few weeks now, treating up to 40% of your digested liquid before passing it along. I'm confident that they will adjust to the new demands” explained the hologram with the smugness that showed whenever he discussed his work on Seven.

She acknowledged him.

“However, your bladder has not yet grown to its full size and your urethra has not reattached. Your surviving nanoprobes seem to be preventing the connection.”

He reached for a hypospray on the tray, pressed it to her neck and fired. Seven quickly felt a sensation of heat pass down her neck and down her chest, pooling in the region between her legs.

“This should take a few hours to heal, now that I have suppressed your Borg defences. By the time they recover, the process should have finished and they will not reject the new systems – they are part of your DNA, after all!”

Seven nodded again. “Am I now permitted to go about my duties?”

“Certainly!” The Doctor smiled, and wandered back to his office – no doubt to record this latest example of his brilliance.

The former Borg had almost reached the door, when The Doctor remembered. “...Seven?”

She stopped, but did not turn around.

“Yes Doctor?”

“If you have any difficulties with your new systems... if the healing is taking a little too long and you become uncomfortable... please don't hesitate to return to sickbay.”

He considered offering to medically remove the current contents of her rather small new bladder, but left the choice to her - she would return if she wanted to.

She had no intention of doing so.

“Thankyou, Doctor” said Seven, walking into the corridor.

Seven of Nine made her way to the cargo bay that housed the Borg regeneration alcoves. It was the closest thing she had to sleeping quarters, and what few personal effects she owned were also stored here. As she entered the familiar area, she became aware that the sensation of heat from earlier had not abated, and had in fact amplified. The Doctor had claimed that it would prevent her nanoprobes from interfering with the regrowth of her urinary system, but this was a side-effect she had not anticipated. It felt like an itch, deep inside. Seven ignored itches, considering them to be biological sensor ghosts – but this was proving immune to her strict discipline. Unconsciously, she started to walk with a different rhythm – her legs crossing over more tightly in front of her, her hips swaying- she became aware of her movement and resumed her normal upright walk. What was happening?

She made her way over to a terminal, trying to ignore the strange new sensations. Seven hoped that she could find out the cause of this odd reaction from her family's research on the Borg, recovered last year from the crashed USS Raven.

After several minutes of querying, she discovered a log entry.

“Personal log, Erin Hansen. Our latest excursion to the cube has been a success; we were able to recover a small sample of nanoprobes from a wounded drone's reclamation unit. Most of their technology is beyond our understanding, but we have observed how the probes interact with biological matter. We're being very careful, especially since Annika is with us. She's a curious little girl, and if she wandered in here while we were asleep and touched this sample... it doesn't bear thinking about.”

Seven remained impassive at her mother's comment. They had not been careful enough. A few short days after this log had been made, an ion storm had disabled their shielding and they had all been captured. Seven resumed listening to the recording.

“We knew that the probes replicated and formed cybernetic implants, but it also seems that they remain in the bloodstream, interfering with the flow of hormones. This can hasten assimilation, as well as performing other tasks that would be advantageous to the Borg”

Her mother sounded... embarrassed?

“The sexual drive, for instance, would be of no use to a creature that reproduces by the capture and conversion of others. These nanoprobes allow the total suppression of any physical desire – as far as we can tell, the relevant chemicals are transported to the reclamation unit for processing. They remain there unless the assimilated specimen requires them for some vital reason. None of the Alpha-quadrant life samples we have reacted in this way.”

Seven stopped the recording. She understood what had happened, but was unsure how to proceed. When she had been in the collective, orders came to her and she carried them out. As much as they denied it, things were same with the Voyager crew. Following their example, she was becoming prideful. The logical course of action would be to return to sickbay and seek medical attention for her condition, but she knew that The Doctor would keep her there for several hours and there was important work to be done - tracking down the source of the gravimetric anomalies. Further, she had to admit that she would be irritated by the Doctor's comments. The amount of attention he paid to her was beginning to seem excessive.

She decided to itemise her problems, and work systematically towards their solutions:

1) She had imperfect biology, and she was now victim to the human need to urinate for the first time in almost 20 years.

2) She was physically unable to do so for an unknown amount of time.

3) Her sexual instinct had fully developed over a period of about 8 minutes

4) Approximately fifteen years' worth of stored chemical desire was now being vented from her faulty reclamation unit and had begun to affect her judgement.

Strangely, she noticed that the first two problems seemed less important compared to the last two. She didn't know if it was a genuine physical reaction or just her senses being overwhelmed by the new feeling.

Suddenly, a great wave of lustful sensation hit her body. Seven's knees buckled and she fell to the floor. As she clambered up to a standing position, it took all of her willpower not to press her hungry flesh against any available surface... her hand, the corner of her storage crate, a passing Ensign...

She shook herself. This was ridiculous. Humans could withstand these feelings, and she was more... this self-satisfied train of thought melted away a second later, blasted into insignificance by a fresh, longing assault on her sanity. She pushed her hands against the console with all of her enhanced strength, accurately catapulting her into the nearest alcove.

“COMPUTER BEGIN REGENERATION CYCLE SIX HOURS MAXIMUM SEDATION”

TIME PASSES

Annika smiled to herself as the warm wind passed gently over the exposed skin of her arms and legs. Her bare feet were tickled by cool grass as she walked through a field with her friend, who like Annika was lightly dressed and carrying a small basket. They reached the edge of the forest that was their destination, and looked at each other happily. Annika opened her basket and pulled out a thin blanket, which she rolled onto the soft ground as her friend placed bottles of water and snacks on a nearby tree stump. It was rare that the two of them got to spend time alone together. Annika was a high flier in... stellar cartography? Or was she some sort of Adjunct? She didn't even want to remember her job in this perfect place, and was content to watch the other young lady unpack their picnic.

Annika's companion was shorter than her with shoulder-length auburn hair that lay across her back as she bent over, one errant strand tucked into the collar of her short-sleeved white shirt. Annika's gaze moved downward, taking in the curve of the other woman's rear in her tight red shorts.

She looked away, blushing as her friend started to turn around and wink, wiggling her bottom mockingly. Annika knelt down on the blanket, carefully holding the hem of her short yellow summer-dress with one hand. As she lay down on her side, she was reminded that she hadn't peed for several hours. Despite the closeness she felt with her playful friend, Annika was too shy to directly ask if there was suitable spot nearby.

“That's a lot of water you're unpacking”, she hazarded.

If her friend had noticed the unspoken “where is it all going to end up?”, she made no sign of it. She simply turned around with a wide smile, and a bottle in each hand as she crouched down on her half of the blanket. She placed one of the bottles in front of herself before passing another to Annika.

“Well, we should stay here for a while, it's a beautiful day!”

Annika grinned up at her enthusiastic friend, and couldn't help but glimpse between her legs, parted as they were by her squatting position. Annika saw what looked like a small shadow just beneath the zip of the tiny shorts, but it glinted as they shifted and Annika was sure that it was a small wet patch. The other girl blushed this time, and pulled down her buttoned-up shirt with a short tug to cover herself.

Hours passed as the two young ladies enjoyed each other's company, talking or just enjoying the peaceful ambience of nature. This couldn't last, however, as nature has its own demands.

Annika had been mostly comfortable on the blanket for the last few hours, but her bladder had been ever more insistent whenever she got up to get food or more water. A gust of cooler air washed played over the hem of her dress, and she shifted to get up – but there was suddenly an arm across her stomach, stopping her from moving.

“I need to get up”

The arm didn't move. Annika turned her head, her long blonde hair catching under her. Her friend wore a wistful smile

“I... need to pee”

“I know”

Annika's eyes opened wide. What was her friend doing?

“Let me get up then!”

“No” was the reply, alongside a small smirk.

“But I really need to go!” she almost whined.

“I bet I have to go more” said her friend, giggling slightly as if Annika was missing the joke. Annika looked again at her friend and realized that while her left arm was holding the blonde girl down, her right arm was jammed between her thighs which were pressed tightly together and shifting rapidly from side to side, making a rustling noise which Annika had been hearing for several minutes – thinking that it was some distant animal.

“I've been holding it since this morning. I drank a glass of orange juice, some soda, something from Cosimo's...”

Annika squirmed as the list went on, and her friend looked over her other shoulder at the pile of discarded water bottles

“... and of course, 4 bottles of fine spring water. I am absolutely bursting to go and pee”.

Annika was confused, as well as feeling the same sensation.

“Why don't you go? Why won't you let me go?” was all she could say.

The blanket bunched up beneath them as the other girl shifted along awkwardly until she was completely pressed up against Annika. She leaned her head in and whispered in her ear;

“Because I prefer to wait. But more... because I like to watch you wait.”

Annika was speechless. Her friend wanted her to feel like this? She enjoyed it? Annika blushed all over, thinking about her friend's tone of voice and realizing how close she was now.

The red-haired friend spoke again

“I love the way it feels to let go when you're full. It's such a powerful release... when you asked about the water before, I couldn't help myself. I let go a little. I think you saw me.”

Annika's muscles were tensed, lest the same thing happen to her. She looked down at her friend's quivering legs again. The bright red shorts had ridden up her legs to the point where they looked like panties, and the fabric was stretched where she bulged outward. The wet spot was more prominent now, it didn't seem to have dried at all.

“I'm not going to last much longer...”

With that, her friend clambered to her unsteady feet, legs weaving as she wandered over to the now-vacant stump. She hoisted herself up with a squeak, and sat down on the dark wood. Her feet hovered just off the ground and were crossed around each other as her thighs moved at an even faster pace, both hands now firmly pressed against her needy womanhood. Despite the cool breezes now regularly brushing against her moistening body, Annika was blushing again – especially when she saw that her friend had undone the top three buttons of her shirt. Her whole body was moving now, backwards and forwards in a hypnotic pattern and she didn't seem to have noticed that one half of the shirt was about to fall from her smooth shoulder.

Almost forgetting her own need, Annika watched the motions of her friend, entranced by her self-inflicted torture. She had never thought it before, but there was something beautiful here – sensual moans that were part pain, part pleasure and panting, staccato gasps at a near miss. Annika felt a new heat rise as the last squeak was drawn out into a long, high-pitched moan as the friend fumbled at her crotch and hopped down from the tree. From her position on the blanket, Annika heard a muffled hissing noise while the shorts turned a deep burgundy, and then the torrent of liquid gushed from both legs before spilling over the waistband and finally soaking the ground in a firm, clear jet from the crotch. The performance lasted for almost a minute as the rivulets on the ground spread, and both girls' breath hastened. Eventually, the last few drops fell and sigh of great relief issued from the mouth of the smaller girl.

“Do you see what I mean?”

Annika nodded to her friend, who moved to push down her soaked red shorts. They would not survive that.

The blonde blushed even harder as her friend's skin came into view, and then a cluster of deep red hairs made it clear that she wasn't wearing any underwear. Despite the show, she seemed a little embarrassed at exposing so much of herself, and tugged the shirt down again. This was not as helpful as she hoped, however, and Annika saw her erect nipple peek out. Her friend giggled again, and covered her bare breast with a hand.

She returned to the blanket, sitting with her legs curled beneath her this time. She ran a hand through her hair, and Annika could see sweat dripping from her forehead.

“It... is it my turn now?” Annika half-begged.

“Not... just yet” her friend replied playfully, and crawled over to Annika in a mock-predatory fashion. Her white shirt was still open, showing perky breasts that jiggled slightly as she put each hand down. The bottom had ridden up as well, showing her smooth hips and an occasional flash between her legs. Annika bit her lip, and looked down own body. The other girl was now sat by her feet.

“Now it's your turn.”

Annika didn't know if the other girl was serious, but it didn't seem to matter. Now that she was no longer distracted by the strangely graceful motion of her friend, Annika's full attention was fixed on her own great need. Embarrassed though she was, she didn't expect any trouble letting go. She parted her legs slightly, but just couldn't do it.

“I... can't!”

Her friend seemed to understand, and didn't seem to relish the pain that Annika feared. This was reassuring, but Annika still couldn't relax enough to let go.

“Let me help...”

Before Annika could even think of answering, her friend had gently taken hold of her legs and pushed them further apart. Her head rolled backwards as she wondered what would happen. She was expecting some verbal encouragement or perhaps a gentle push on her bladder, and was quite surprised when she saw her friend's face move into view just in front of Annika's own. She was even more surprised when she found herself being kissed. Her friend was assertive, hungry. Annika's tongue responded on instinct and began to explore, tentatively at first. Before she got far, her friend had moved down to her neck, layering that with rapid kisses and small bites before sitting up straight between Annika's legs, leaving the blonde girl panting with double desires.

The other girl grinned again, and slid downwards, out of view – Annika couldn't see over her own, large breasts as they pushed her dress outward. She gasped when she felt hands touching her thighs, moving sideways and up across her hips, resting upon her heaving chest for a second before shifting again and squeezing both breasts under the loose yellow dress. Annika gasped with pleasure at the rough treatment but that too was cut short. The hands moved down again and held her hips, nails pressing slightly against her buttocks.

The next thing she knew, Annika's thighs were being nibbled increasingly harder. She squeaked as she felt the other girl reach the hemline of her dress and not stop, licking around each leg where her plain white briefs began. Annika's hips thrust upwards involuntarily and her friend pulled down the panties as if she had been waiting for the opportunity. The assault began anew, kisses on her thighs as fingertips reached up and under her dress to brush teasingly against the bottom of her breasts. Annika jammed a hand into her mouth to keep from screaming out loud as she began to feel a tongue run around the edge of her moist entrance.

“Please...” moaned Annika

“Please what?” replied her friend teasingly. She had stopped licking, but her face was still pressed against Annika's aching pussy and her hot breath was driving the blonde girl crazy

“I... don't know!” cried Annika, as the other girl laughed and resumed her efforts.

Annika had never felt anything like this before, her head was spinning from the exquisite sensations beneath her stretched dress. She felt as if something wonderful was about to happen, she wanted- no, needed it to happen.

“I have to... I need...”

Abruptly, the other girl stopped again.

“But you mustn't.”

She sounded harsher somehow. Annika strained to lift her head and saw that the other girl's hair was shorter, arranged in a simple bob. Her face looked older as well, stress lines cutting into her forehead as she frowned down at Annika.

“I don't understand... Kathy, please!”

She glanced around, taking in her surroundings. The smoothly-swaying trees of a springtime forest were gone, replaced by monolithic black girders that crackled energy along thick cabling. She propped herself up on her elbows and looked down at the blanket. It was still there, but the ground beneath was cracked and sickening green light had started to shine through. She wasn't scared by any of this, however, it all seemed... right? She looked down at her naked legs, and screamed as she saw a dark, rectangular box attached to her crotch. It started to vibrate slowly, making her feel even more desperate. She grabbed it with both hands and pulled, but it felt as if it had been bolted on. Annika looked at Kathy again, and she had changed more. Her legs were still bare, but her shirt had become a confining black jacket that pinned both arms to the side of her body.

“You did this!” was the last thing Annika heard.

WARNING: REGENERATION CYCLE INCOMPLETE.

Seven shuddered as she stepped out of her alcove. Aside from a chill soreness around her lower back, there seemed to have been no negative effects of the interrupted regeneration. Then she looked down, and gasped. Her nipples were hard, easily visible through her tight bodysuit. She could see a damp patch between her legs, and it was growing now that her legs were moving. She used authorisation codes that even Tuvok couldn't access and commanded the cargo bay doors to lock.

She stalked across to the industrial replicator, and requested a new uniform. The device hummed into action and spinning energy reactions began to create the new garment even as she began to unfasten the old. As she bent down to release the leg fastenings, she felt more pressure on her bladder – even more than she had in the dream. Seven stood up abruptly as she remembered. She didn't usually dream unless the Borg were involved. The picnic came back to her and she vowed not to think of what it meant. Dreaming was irrelevant.

As she struggled to get the stained uniform off, she realized that she was still extremely aroused. The Borg procedures had set the cargo bay's default temperature to 39.4°C and Seven had seen no reason to change this, but today she felt subtle air currents on her sensitive skin and it was reminding her of warm, spring breezes... After a few moments, Seven stood naked in the cargo bay and considered her next objective.

Seven cleaned herself up and began to fasten the fresh uniform. She jerked slightly as she pulled the crotch up harder than she had intended to, and she looked down to see that her red lips were swollen. She swallowed reflexively before attempting to restore control. Moments later she stood tall in her clean bodysuit, and strode over to her workstation.

After a few minutes' research, she confirmed that it was no longer possible to repair her Reclamation Unit. The Doctor had said as much, but she wanted to make sure. She was able to salvage some of the protocol data, however. Seven input the frequency into her tricorder, and was able to construct a rudimentary interface to what remained of her cybernetic digestive system.

The first meter was a percentage counter showing how fast her urethra was healing – it was currently at 47%. The second panel on her display was an integrity diagram showing the forces operating on her bladder – pressure difference, rate of growth, rate of expansion etc. The former drone was expecting to write her own LCARS subroutines to calculate bladder statistics, but there was already a module in the database containing what she needed – with a Command-level lockout installed. It was even pre-calibrated for human females. Seven assumed that it had been some sort of failed research project, and quickly deactivated the security. The additions to her tricorder complete, Seven recycled her old uniform and locked her workstation before proceeding towards the door.

SEVERAL HOURS LATER

Seven stepped back into the familiar surroundings of her usual workplace – the rebuilt Stellar Cartography laboratory now known as “Astrometrics”. She had been working solidly for many hours, and this had helped to distract her from the irrelevant feelings that occasionally made themselves known between her legs.

She had not totally ignored her situation, however. As she started to input a new batch of gravimetric data on her console, Seven considered her options. Her improvised monitor had discreetly estimated that her body would be ready to urinate in two more hours. Seven personally disagreed, feeling that her body was in need of relief much sooner. If she had no choice, she would use a site-to-site transport program to beam the liquid straight out of her bladder. This would waste a lot of valuable energy, however, and it would certainly raise questions when the transport was detected. Seven decided that if she was in dire need, she would use a shuttlecraft – their transporters used less power, and were easier to isolate from Voyager's security sensors. Her decision made, Seven of Nine locked the Astrometrics workstation and began her journey to the shuttlebay.

She was walking slightly faster than usual, and noticed mild surprise in the eyes of several crewmembers as she navigated the curved corridors of Voyager. Uncharacteristically, she even checked her reflection in one of the larger wall panels to ensure that her predicament was not visible. Her suit was even tighter than usual – her protruding bladder distorted the fabric slightly and pulled over her plump breasts. She pulled at the fabric above her hips, but couldn't make much of a difference. For a moment, Seven considered returning to her alcove and changing into a darker uniform just in case – but that would surely be noticed. How many times had she claimed “Fashion is Irrelevant”?

When she reached the main shuttlebay, Seven quickly dismissed the duty ensign with a fabricated story about elevated radiation levels in one of the shuttle's warp nacelles. Although she didn't have an official rank on board, Seven was treated with awe by the younger crewmembers and no-one thought to question her story. It wasn't unheard of – Voyager's shuttles had been repaired many times and even B'Elanna couldn't keep them pristine with the substandard trade materials.

Once the bay had been evacuated, Seven stalked across to the shuttle and ducked her head slightly as she stepped up into the cockpit. As the door hummed to a close behind her, the tall blonde relaxed slightly.

She jumped into the nearest seat and started rapidly typing at the nearest Ops console. A few moments' work had the bay secured and an encrypted uplink formed with Voyager's computer core. She had research to do.

“Computer. Access Starfleet anthropology database”

As the computer processed her encrypted commands, Seven considered her next questions.

“Database active”

This particular database was considered a joke by most of Starfleet – it began as an effort to assist alien diplomats in learning earth customs, but the scientists leading the data collection had disagreed on what was required. The project had even been opened up as a collaborative effort for a few months, and the version that was finally installed in Starfleet vessels was usually the first thing to be deleted when the engineers wanted to run a large program. Janeway had claimed that their unique position in the Delta Quadrant would justify keeping it intact, but most of the senior staff had their doubts.

“Human urination, female.”

“A spinobulbospinal reflex facilitated and inhibited by higher brain centres, the human urination system...”

As she listened to the computer's detailed explanations, Seven became aware that her legs were moving unconsciously - opening and closing. She stopped them, but felt a slight discomfort. Remembering the body language of other female officers, she turned in her seat and crossed one leg over the other. Although this put slightly more pressure on her full bladder, it felt better overall.

“Abort query. List data related to methods of avoiding urination”

“Inhibition of micturition reflex is not recommended. Listed data includes short-term avoidance of liquid intake and exercise of Kegel muscles. At high urge levels, common solutions involve assuming pressure-relieving positions.”

“Elaborate”

“That information is not in standard LCARS format”

Seven leaned forward in her chair, hunched over to read the console output. It was a series of crude drawings that depicted people in various desperate looking poses – one showed a middle-aged woman in a long brown skirt with her hands pushed tightly into her crotch, while another showed a younger lady perched on a chair with her legs twisted into a position similar to the one Seven was now taking.

This array was apparently an advertisement for an early model of sonic lavatory – a satirical cartoon showing what would happen if you did not buy the product. Seven's knowledge of Earth history was patchy, but she knew that the invention of sonic facilities had been a major step in enabling space exploration and improving quality of life in the aftermath of the Eugenics Wars. She decided to limit her search to before this period, when traditional plumbing had no doubt caused this problem for millions of women.

Seven found a surprising amount of information, although the outdated protocols meant that she had to read most of it on the small terminal screen. She found an interesting text, and patched the computer to read it out. Much of the language was unfamiliar to Seven, but she found one phrase which somehow resonated with her sensibilities.

“...undignified, unladylike, and reflects a failure on the person’s part to be able to 'hold it in' till they can go at a better time. It shows lack of restraint...”

The quote was not attributed. Seven's legs were now scissoring rapidly, and dull pains began to bloom through her lower abdomen. She slowly moved her left hand down to hold the area between her legs as she scrolled with the slender fingers of her right.

She checked her readouts. Urethra reconstruction was at 97%, but the bladder pressure readout had crashed. Seven started to sweat slightly as she reconfigured the shuttle computers to edit her program. According to the logs, Lt. Paris had “changed” the stored values of the Laplace pressure calculations. Seven didn't know how long she had or what would happen if she failed. There was certainly more at stake than “showing a lack of restraint” – at the very least, her Borg systems could be heavily damaged if she lost control before her urethra had been fully restored. The Percentage counter beeped as it reached 98, and Seven started to shiver uncontrollably as she tried to pull down the zipper on the back of her suit.

For the transporter to work safely on this scale, she would need to remove as many obstacles as possible – but she couldn't reach the zip with her trembling hands! Her arms were twisted around her back just as her legs entangled beneath her in a hectic dance. Finally she snapped the zipper down and started walking on the spot to try and control her urges for the final, critical few moments.

She stared frantically at the counter, willing it to register 100% so that she could finally let go. It stubbornly refused, and Seven waddled awkwardly towards the transporter console with her catsuit bunched up around her thighs. She almost let out a cry of despair as she realized that she couldn't control her hands well enough to confine the transport beam. All she could manage to set up was a weak shimmering beam towards the back of the craft – more like a portal than a transporter beam, but certainly not safe for living matter. It would have to do.

As the counter hit 99%, Seven kicked off her suit and sat naked in the smooth chair. She glanced across at the screen, and realized that she didn't have a choice anymore.

She knocked the chair into the recline setting, and moved both hands down to her twitching, exposed vagina. As she ran the metal part of her hand across the sensitive skin for the first time, Seven finally allowed herself to sigh. Her need was still desperately urgent, but this might give her the time she needed. Her hands moved over her naked flesh again and again, speeding up as the pressure within build to extreme levels. She parted her lips with the left hand and pressed harder with the right, and felt her the back head hit the chair with a cushioned 'thump'.

Now approaching a state of frenzy, she kicked her legs up again and spread them wide over the arms of the console chair. Both arms now pumping, Seven kicked the side of the console and the chair span over a full rotation, coming to rest as she faced the abortive transporter beam. As she heard her counter beep to signify 100%, Seven screwed her eyes shut and thrust her hips up and down as she pictured the dream... the forest... the other girl...

A second later, her head twisted towards the screen again and she saw a powerful golden jet stream from between her legs and disappear into the flickering energy beam, its hum increasing in pitch. Seven also heard another sound, which echoed around the cockpit for several seconds before she realized she was listening to her own glorious screams of relief and pleasure. The liquid flowed powerfully for another half-minute, accompanied by a loud hissing.

After several moments of blissful peace had elapsed, the sated blonde stretched up in her chair. Her hair was loosened and strands had fallen over her eye, covering her implant.

“Computer. Cancel transport and access log stack”

“Last transport from this location occurred 47.2 seconds ago. Primary matter type: Liquid mass. Volume:”

The computer hummed for a second before beeping again

“900ml”

Seven allowed herself a smile. She could work on that.
