Desperate in the list - Stuck in the elevator with her best friend...

Author: misslunaswift

*000*2013-11-05 11:08

Hi all,

I've been writing desperation stories for about a year now and would be grateful for any feedback you have.

This one is called "Desperate in the Lift" or "Desperate in the Elevator" for American readers!

Beth was glad to finally be on the way home. It had been a long day and she'd spent most of it dying to pee. Her boss had called her into his office first thing and given her the task of showing the new girl the ropes. She hadn't wanted the job, things were busy enough without spending the day babysitting. But when she met Kathleen she quickly changed her mind.

Kathleen was quite an old fashioned name for a sprightly nineteen year old. Named for her grandma apparently. Although Beth bet her Grandma wouldn't have thought the best way to make an impression in a new job would have been to leave the top three buttons of her shirt undone, revealing her bra and half her boobs whenever she bent over. And that skirt that was so short it was almost obscene. Not that Beth had minded too much. She had fallen pretty much in love with the new girl before 10 o'clock. They'd sat together during morning coffee break and Kathleen kept flashing her sheer panties, either accidentally or deliberately. Beth tried not to look at first, but when she caught Kathleen's eyes, an understanding seemed to pass between them and she took to openly staring as Beth continued shifting her legs around on the chair, ostensibly to get comfortable.

Beth had been single for a while now and the flirting was fun. She sipped her coffee and her mind drifted back to her last orgasm. Was it six months ago? A year? She couldn't remember, but for the first time in a long time she found herself actually aroused, wanting to touch herself again. She was also starting to need to pee but didn't want to leave Kathleen alone. What was it the boss had said. "Don't leave her side." Something like that.

Come 5 o'clock Beth was feeling very uncomfortable, her bladder aching and her tummy distended, pressing against the belt of her trousers. The journey back to the flat had taken forever, the bus breaking down half way which didn't help, leaving her to walk the last few streets in a downpour. Beth noticed as she walked that her knickers felt damp, she hoped it was excitement at the thought of what she planned to do when she got home or the rain soaking her to the skin. Kathleen's insistence on three coffee breaks through the day were taking their toll now. Beth pressed the lift button in the lobby whilst shuffling her feet, wondering if the batteries in her vibrator would still be working after all this time. And if she should wee first, or come. The lift door opened and she stepped in, reaching for the buttons.

"Hold it would you," said a voice. It was Kathleen running after her, red faced, breasts bouncing in her clingy top, soaked to the skin from the rain outside.

"You live here?" Beth found herself asking, incredulous as Kathleen reached her. She'd spent all day talking to her, chatting her up, finding out about her sex life, her fetishes for crying out loud, her desire to be spanked by a woman, something Beth had spent most of the afternoon fantasising about, but hadn't thought to ask where she lived. What was wrong with her? This was like a schoolgirl crush.

"On the top floor. I shouted you on the way out but you had your headphones in. I caught the bus behind yours, got stuck in a jam though as something had broken down in the road."

"Oh, right. Well." Beth didn't know what to say so she just pressed the door close button. The lift began to rise. Second floor, third, fourth. Suddenly there was a judder and a scraping noise, then the lights flickered. The lift ground to a halt, its lights going out completely now.

"What the hell?" Beth said, groping for the emergency call button. She found it and pressed.

"Can I help?" a tinny voice echoed out of the lift speaker.

"We're stuck, the lift isn't moving."

"Hold on. I'll just look into that for you."

Faint voices were audible in the background before the person came back to the microphone. "Hi there, we can see there's a problem, but it may take a while to get it sorted. Is it just you in there?"

"Nope, there's two of us," said Kathleen.

"Okay, well try and keep calm and we'll get things moving as quickly as possible."

"Oh God," said Beth, letting go of the button, pushing her hand between her legs in the darkness, squeezing it and squirming slightly.

"It'll be all right," replied Kathleen. "We can carry on our talk from earlier, don't have to wait until tomorrow."

"It's not that," said Beth. "It's kind of embarrassing but I'm dying for a wee."

"Oh. Can you hold it in?"

"I'll try, but I hope they get this fixed quickly."

Time passed. In the darkness Beth wasn't sure how long they'd been waiting. "Have you got a phone?" she asked at last.

"No, I left it at home this morning. What about you?"

"Batteries dead. I just wondered what time it was."

They stood in awkward silence for a while longer, in the pitch black it was impossible to know even where each of them was even stood. Beth was wriggling on her feet, feeling the pressure on her bladder growing ever stronger. She was going to have to go soon. This was so humiliating. She pressed both hands between her legs, squeezing her hand with her thigh muscles, but the dampness in her knickers was pressing against her, making it harder to distract herself now. Why was she still aroused? It didn't make sense.

"Listen," she said eventually. "I can't hold it in any longer, I'm going to have to go. Just don't hate me for this."

"It's fine," she heard Kathleen's voice come from the other corner. "Do what you have to do. Remember what I said today about being spanked? After the talks we've had, I don't think I could ever be embarrassed around you, no matter what you do. There's something about you, I just feel comfortable with you."

Beth couldn't wait for more compliments, nice as they were. She frantically pulled her knickers off from under her skirt and held them in her hand. Crouching in the corner of the lift, legs spread, she hoped she wouldn't splash onto her expensive shoes. She stood up again deciding to pull them off, putting them in the far corner away from her. She squatted down once more, feeling as if she were about to burst. She tried to relax her bladder, wishing this wasn't happening, face going red in the darkness. It was harder than she'd thought, her body not co-operating. It still thought this wasn't the place to go. Finally a single squirt of pee splashed out of her and she jolted in shock. The warmth hit her foot and at the same time a hand began stroking her bottom. Her body froze, her peeing stopped, bladder screaming for release, still desperate to go.

"Is that you?" Beth found herself asking, almost laughing. Who the hell else would it be?

"I was coming over to hold your hand," replied Kathleen. "It's a bit scary in the dark like this."

"That isn't my hand though. That's my bum."

"I know." Silence descended. Beth stayed perfectly still, waiting for her new friend to move away, not wanting to get pee on her.

Kathleen continued stroking her bum though, arm trapped between Beth's legs. Beth didn't know what to do, she couldn't hold it in much longer. A drip fell from her, landing on Kathleen's arm. She expected her to move away disgusted, but instead she just kept stroking her in the dark, arm brushing against her pussy, hand probing between her buttocks, stroking up and down with her fingers, exploring in the dark.

Beth couldn't wait any longer, her bladder relaxed involuntarily. She felt herself opening up and a stream of hot piss flew from her, splashing straight onto Kathleen's arm before falling to the floor. She felt something pressing against her legs too, then realised it was Kathleen's hair. She was leaning her face in, shuffling in the dark to lie underneath Beth on her back, wriggling along the floor..

Beth felt down with her hands. She could feel that Kathleen had moved to lie directly under her, tongue sticking out, hot pee splashing onto her, soaking her face and hair, covering her clothes as she lay on the lift floor. Still the hand kept probing round her bottom. Beth found herself incredibly turned on by this, in the pitch black it didn't feel as inappropriate as it would have in the light, not making eye contact helped. It was like a dream, anything was allowed. When a long fingernail brushed round her anus, she didn't even move away, just pushed down slightly, helping it to go inside. She felt it slide up into her, probing inside her bottom, thrusting gently. It was joined by a tongue licking between her pussy and her butt.

Still she kept peeing, it smelt strongly in there now having been held in all day long. She knew it would be soaking Kathleen's top and she found that excited her more, thinking of her bra showing through the wet top. She could feel pee running over her own feet, pooling under her. She could hear Kathleen swallowing, never stopping the exploration of her bottom. Finally the flow began to reduce to a trickle, then a few last drops. At least she felt better, no longer like she was about to explode. She was still so excited though she decided to try risking something raunchier. Instead of standing up, she lowered herself down onto Kathleen's face. She felt a tongue begin to slide up inside her, it felt exquisite, silky smooth, tasting her, licking inside her, a nose brushing her bottom, chin pressed against her clit. She ground down onto it, at last feeling the burning in her clit being satisfied.

Beth had expected to be touching herself that night, so to have someone else do it to her was incredible, especially after being single all this time. She fell forwards, laying herself down on top of Kathleen, groping in the dark for her skirt, pulling it up to her waist, pushing knickers to one side. She slipped her fingers into the sopping wetness she could feel in the pitch black, one finger then another, thrusting them in and out of her new friend. She felt with her tongue for the bump of a clit, sucking it into her mouth, running her tongue over it, circling it over and over.

The finger in her bottom was thrusting faster now as the tongue inside her lapped ever harder. She ground her hips down, the pressure on her clit now so much she knew she wouldn't last much longer. Seconds later she felt Kathleen bite down onto her as an orgasm ripped through her, the fingers inside her squeezed so tight by Kathleen's muscles it was almost painful. Beth felt hot gasping breaths between her legs, muffled groans coming from her partner, her legs were twitching as the climax took over. Beth felt a squirt of something coming out of Kathleen and splash over her face. The taste was sensational and she found herself gulping it down, licking up as much as she could.

It was all too much for Beth now, she felt her own orgasm flying towards her, the pent up days and months of not touching herself combining to make this the most powerful climax she'd ever felt. The naughtiness of what they were doing excited her even more, knowing that at any moment the lights might come on, the lift doors might open. She screamed out loud as her climax took over her, bright lights flashing in her eyes even though they were closed, the finger in her arse gripped tightly, pulled inwards. She pushed down with her hips, almost suffocating Kathleen who struggled for breath under her. Her hands became fists as she felt the sensational joy of her climax, her clit at last being satisfied as the orgasm spread its warmth throughout her whole being. She collapsed onto the body under her, breathing heavily, chest heaving up and down.

With a jolt, the lift suddenly began moving again. Beth shot to her feet, wobbling dizzily, reaching out with her hand. She helped Kathleen up just as the lights pinged back into life. She looked at her companion, top soaked to the skin, nipples clearly visible through it, hair still a mess. Beth glanced down at herself. She was dressed, her shoes were still on her feet.

"Why is the floor wet?" Kathleen asked suddenly. "Was it raining that much?"

"Erm..." Beth thought. Was it a dream? Was Kathleen pretending? They both stood there for a moment, unable to look each other in the eyes. The lift door opened and Beth stepped out, body aching for a piss. She must have been daydreaming in there.

She looked up at Kathleen, standing in the lift and smiling at her warmly. As the doors slowly closed she looked out at Beth and blew her a kiss.

"See you at work," said Beth.

"Unless the lift breaks down again," Kathleen replied as the door finally clunked shut.

The end - For now!

Hope you liked it!

*002*2013-11-06 07:58

Glad you liked it. I'm working on a sequel at the moment. I have got quite a few ebooks on amazon if you want to read similar things. Have a look on the Luna Swift author page, there's about 30 to choose from!

%http://www.amazon.com/-/e/B00AZNE45Y

*004*2013-11-11 16:15

{{: 

I just discovered your work. I read this after your desperate bride story. After that this tale was so awesomely hot I could not resist touching my self a bit as I read it.

}}

Glad you liked reading them. I've a fair few on amazon now but am continually thinking of new ideas. Let me know any scenarios you'd like to read about and I might be able to create something...

*006*2013-11-11 17:08

If you've a phone, computer or tablet you can download the kindle app for free to read the millions of books on amazon! Visit this page

