A Counting For Storms - Chapter Story

Author: Night

*000*2012-05-29 03:05

First of all, I'd like to take the time to thank anyone and everyone who's read my stuff, and who's reading this now. THANK YOU and GOD BLESS. So far, the community is really warm and respectful, even when people do disagree, which is REAL NICE to see on the internet. To omorashi.org and all it's people, Good Job on making this such a great place to admit to our wonderful oddities. :]

Right... moving on. I wrote this as a pure piece of original FICTION. I use no real places or people in my writing, and it is all a part of my own fantasies. If you have any suggestions, ratings, comments, or fantasies of your own you want me to try and add, then let me know and if it fits, and I like it, I just may add it. I can't do Yuri/Yaoi, though. Not into that, so I can't write about it... It starts off with two males, brothers, who live together due to their parent's deaths years back. I plan, however, to eventually (if not slowly) add in some female characters and desperation, maybe some LIGHT bondage (included with the wetting), and maybe some other elements. Just post and let me know any ideas, scenarios, suggestions, that sort of thing. This is my story, but it's your story to. :] After all, you're the one reading it.

If you like it at all, and/or want me to continue, please say so. I'm nervous about posting it, especially since I go slow and ramble on, and not sure how long I will/can keep this up. So if you like it, please tell me, or if I feel I'm wasting my time I can always drop it. Not a threat, just a warning... If I don't get interest, it will be hard for me to keep going.

### WARNING ###

Story subject to many elements, some unknown, and Characters / Scenarios subject to change upon original intentions. Story is NOT planned out far, so length and possibilities are endless. Also, any resemblance to real life, to people, to places, to personalities, to experiences, other stories, etc. are of mere coincidence and not meant for offence. This story is for entertainment purposes only. Feel free to keep it for yourself, but give me credit, and DO NOT post this story elsewhere, without my permission. Thank you, and have a nice day.

===

*It starts off a bit slow, but it gets better, I promise. A better wetting is coming up in chapter four (if you want longer chapters, let me know, or if they are too long, let me know as well. I wasn't sure where to leave off.). There are chapters leading up to omorashi. This style, to, is subject to change upon need and my will. Consider this an experimental text on chapter content and length.

A Counting For Storms

Chapter One

“Please, big brother, I have to go-o!” Rain squirmed, helpless in front of the only bathroom door as a spurt of urine escaped into his dark blue pajamas. Both hands were holding himself already, attempting to stop the inevitable for just a short while longer. “Come on, I need to pee! Or I’ll go on the carpet!” he yelled threateningly, desperately, getting more and more upset that his brother was being so slow. He knew this game well, as it was often played in the mornings by his brother, who apparently loved to hog the bathroom as long as possible, knowing full well Rain always needed to pee badly in the mornings.

“You can hold it.” There was a light laughter in Nile’s voice. “You are fifteen, aren’t you?” Nile himself was twenty-five, and had raised his younger brother by himself for the past seven years. Despite being so far apart in age, the two normally got along pretty well… they only fought at times like this. Of course, this was no accidental delay, as it seemed the younger was about to have. “Baby boy, just wait a minute longer. I just need to brush my teeth now.”

“You’re such an ass!” Rain complained, as he doubled over and bent his knees, trying everything he could do to hold back the flood, to no avail as another small spurt escaped. “This is what I get for drinking juice before bed.” he whined quietly to himself, voice in a whisper tone.

Finally, the faucet was turned on low, a small stream taunting his aching bladder, while his brother was heard fumbling around in the medicine cabinet for his tooth-brush. The pulsing sensation grew worse as his brother started to brush his teeth. “Come on,” he told himself. “One more minute…” By now, his body was shaking with need and sweating slightly from desperation, the dampness a constant reminder of what was to come. “Brother!” he called through the locked door, “Hurry up!” A contraction in his bladder made him flinch, a larger stream of urine escaping as Nile finally opened the door.

“What’s the matter, baby boy, can’t hold your pee?” Nile taunted, moving out of the way, watching as his little brother scampered to the toilet, pants already down and his member aimed at the toilet. It was a perfected skill by now. This had been a routine for years.

“Shut up! You’re so mean…” Rain whispered, the relief overwhelming him, his body wanting to fold up and drop to the floor in relaxation. “Barely made it.” He said, once finished, taking off his pants and surveying the damage. The whole front and down the left side was soaked. These would need to be thrown in the wash. “Why can’t you just be nice for once?”

“Why can’t you wake up earlier or stop drinking liquid before bed?” Nile responded, his always-present smile plastered on his face, wondering if his little brother enjoyed these predicaments. At the very least, he sure did; the live displays of desperation pleasing to see, even if it was his little brother.

Now, Rain was a healthy boy of average height and weight, perhaps a bit on the small side, with an almost blue-tinted shade of short, light colored hair, and round, steel grey eyes. He was the type of person to try and act tough, and hold out during problems, but not with ease, and usually stuck to his older brother like glue. Even so, he hated to be seen as weak – he had enough problems without that.

Nile, on the other hand, was tall and delicately toned, with naturally near-white hair that flowed down to his mid-back, sharing the same round, steel grey eyes as his brother. He was the type of person to always have a smile, even to an unnatural point, and was normally harmless. Of course his years spent in karate since a child, and the second degree black belt hidden away in his closet said otherwise. It was a shock when people found out of this, because of his delicate appearance. However, looks could be deceiving.

The apartment the two shared was small and cozy, clean (since Nile was a clean freak, though Rain was usually called out on it). It stood on the third story in a three story building in downtown, Rosewood. It was laid out so that one entered the apartment to find the main room on the right, and kitchen through an arch on the left, straight ahead leading into a hallway with the first doorway on the left being the bathroom, just after the closet, and the first door on the right a smaller bedroom (Rain’s room), while the last room on the left was the larger bedroom (Nile’s room). It wasn’t much, but for their income, it was plenty.

Rain moved back to his room, dressing quickly in dark blue jeans, a striped white and black shirt, and wearing a thin, dark colored hoodie with silver designs. Walking into the kitchen, he prepared himself a toaster strudel, preferring and easy breakfast to one he would have to spend time cleaning up afterwards. Soon enough, Nile entered and pulled out a small frying pan, planning to make some eggs and toast. Unlike Rain, he loved traditional breakfast, convinced they were what a growing boy needs. “Don’t eat that junk. Honestly, why do I buy it?” Nile complained while removing the eggs from the carton. “You know I don’t like that stuff. Throw it out.” He wore his usual light colored jeans, and a light green shirt under a white jacket. He always wore light colors, and always wore his favorite shade of white.

“Why should I.” Rain shook his head in protest. “I thought you hated to waste? Don’t be so over protective.” That’s exactly what his brother was. Over protective, good at acting, and a bit of a troublemaker, yet always playing the good guy… he was dramatic and overbearing at times, but even so, he never had to give up his time or life to raise Rain, so for that Rain was thankful to God every day.

“Drink plenty of water. Actually have some orange juice: it has good vitamins. We’re going hiking today.” Nile ordered, finishing the eggs onto two plates, and heading for the bread. Today was one of the last chances to take their outdoor trips before winter set in, so for the weekend they were going to go to a cabin and enjoy nature (one of Nile’s health-based ideas).

“Yeah, yeah...” Rain smiled as the eggs and toast were slip before him, sitting on a stool on the island. “Thanks are to the Lord for food.” He said, before digging in almost before he even finished talking. Boy was he starving.

“Pee again before you leave.” Nile ordered, sounding somewhat disappointed in himself for having to say so out of brotherly duty. “It’s a long car ride, and you know how I hate to stop.” He took a seat on the other side of Rain. Truth was, he had a bit of a fetish for desperation, and simply loved how funny his precious baby brother looked when desperate for a pee, squirming and shaking his legs, eventually reduced to holding himself. What a sight. It was something he feared he would never get a girlfriend over… oh, how he wanted to see a woman in that predicament!

After breakfast, Nile cleaned up as Rain stopped by the loo, and soon after grabbing their supplies, packed readily the night before, they walked out into the early-morning mist, on the foggy mid-October Friday.

======

I also plan on having more or different description as I grow more comfy with the story, and out of some of the more cliche scenes... But being creative is hard. Haha... also, I want to write longer chapters....

PLEASE tell me honestly all you think, and any suggestions you may have. I can't use them all, but I can take some into consideration. You never know if your idea will be the... lucky one.

Thank you again for reading my fantasies. ^.^ *LOVE* I have a special post planned as well, that goes in depth list of the character's personalities, likes, dislikes, and even their birthdays, for if anyone actually cares. I'm odd like that. :]

Right.... Thank you, and pressing send. *nervous*

*004*2012-05-29 16:50

Since I'm getting such good feedback so far, I'll keep going. At chapters of this length, I'm just starting the fourth. I could either update frequently with shorter, teasier chapters, or update less frequently with longer chapters. Haven't decided yet, but too lazy to rewrite the next two chapters either way, soo.... :] As promised, since I'm happy, I'll post the special edition (lol) Character Profiles of Nile and Rain. (I love their names, I'd name a boy Rain in real life. I love names like that.)

Of course, the characters are planned this way, but subject to change, or be off of original goal. With writing, you just never know. But I have to do this stuff with my characters anyways to make them realistic, so I figured I may as well share.

### WARNING ###

MAY BE A BIT OF A SPOILER FOR SOME PEOPLE. READ WITH CAUTION IF YOU PREFER TO LET THINGS BE AS THEY SEEM IN THE STORY. THANK YOU

###

Meet the Characters

Full Name: Nile Rey Shiel

Astrological Sign: Taurus

Birthday: May 11 (25 years old)

Work: Skipped College to care for brother, does odd jobs, currently as a host in an “upper-class” entertainment restaurant and club.

Looks: Tall and delicately toned (strong, but appears delicate through clothes). Naturally near-white hair, down to mid back. Round, steel grey eyes. Slightly pale, clear skin. Usually smiling, less angered. Loves to wear light colors, especially white.

Positive Traits: patient and calm, reliable, loving/caring, determined/persistent, careful, joyful, intelligent/witty, unique, creative

Negative Traits: jealous, possessive, usually inflexible, can be greedy, dramatic, fierce anger, over-doing things

Likes: Art, elegance, cooking, people, careful management, control over situations

Dislikes: Being hassled, disobedience, unhealthy behaviors, change in general

In Friendship: Willing to sacrifice self for a close one, the type to greet you with a surprise hug. Outgoing, but difficult to keep friends due to dramatic behavior and nosing into other’s business… likes to interfere.

In Love: Very loyal and caring, but also a bit selfish. “Knows how to treat them, but just can’t seem to keep them.” Seems superficial, but always longing for something more… hard to get close enough to him.

Favorite Holiday: Christmas – the time for family and carefully selected healthy meals.

Favorite Activities: Theatre, traveling, camping, swimming. Sport-wise enjoys martial arts

Biggest Secrets: Is a second-degree black belt in karate, has a bit of a brother complex

Full Name: Rain William Shiel

Astrological Sign: Scorpio

Birthday: November 18 (15 years old)

Work: Currently in high school, has no plans for future, told to strive for college by brother.

Looks: Average height and weight, but still slightly on the small side in both. Short hair, almost blue-tinted light hair. Round, steel grey eyes (matching brother). Slightly tanned, clear skin. Likes shades (black, brown, white, grey, silver) and usually darker colors overall (no strong preference).

Positive Traits: determined, intuitive, passionate, loves excitement, sensitive on the inside, strong and forceful, seems quiet, cheerful on a good day

Negative Traits: forceful, jealous, resentful, compulsive, secretive, obstinate with authority other than older brother, moody on a bad day

Likes: mystery and forensics, photography, physical activity

Dislikes: annoying people, being taunted, being controlled, being tickled, showing too much emotion (and school)

In Friendship: keeps others at a distance, but opens up to those he feels are worthy. Once a friend, he likes to play it safe, and hates to open up or be too personal. Sincere

In Love: Patient, and embarrassed. Hardly likes to show feelings for his crush.

Favorite Holiday: Birthdays – the day he can eat and do what he wants

Favorite Activities: being active on jogging or walks, eating, videogames Sports: track and field

Biggest Secrets: Likes feeling omorashi (doesn’t realize or admit it), loves his brother, has a crush on “Mary-Ann”

###

Well, there you go. I plan on posting another chapter soon. If I can write a chapter of this length every day or two, I should be able to update daily. That being said, I may have a second chapter for tonight, since it's already written now. EIther way, thank you all for enjoying my story, and posting to tell me. I appreciate it a lot. I will continue as long as there is interest, and I don't gets writer's block. :]

*006*2012-05-29 23:13

Ok, I have time now, so I will go ahead and post it now. My mom may drop back my later, so I don't want to have the sight up when she comes. It's too odd. :] So.... If you guys like slow chapters at this length, I'll be able to post about a chapter a day, sometimes more. I already have it wrote to the point I'm half through chapter five. Just in case I do run into writing trouble. SO... Here it is, and let me know what you think. Still subject to change.

Again, thank you guys for letting me know stuff, and I'm still looking for ideas and suggestions! :]

======

Chapter Two

As the two headed for the deep green car, Rain looked up at the sky, hoping it didn’t rain. The puns on both their names were horrible. What could he say? They had pretty odd parents, who both loved to travel around the world, enjoying their studies. He couldn’t remember what it was they did, and Nile refused to talk about them, so it was destined to be left unknown.

It wasn’t long until they were on the road, the endless stretch before them, soon to be headed out of town and into the vast countryside full of bluffs and hills, and plenty of scenery, despite the occasional small-towns, houses, or attractions. It really was the perfect spot. Nile looked over at Rain with interest, getting an idea for a little road trip fun. It was cruel, but there was nothing better to do… “Let’s stop before we get out of town and pick up some snacks and drinks. I didn’t think about that before now. We can even get a soda; today’s a special weekend.” As well as a long, four, plus, hour car ride with no breaks or pullovers, no radio, and little conversation, knowing Rain.

Rain crossed his arms in protest, ignoring his brother. Like he didn’t know what was going on… though… a nice orange soda didn’t sound too bad, and it was a rare treat that he was aloud soda, after all… Nothing was more annoying than being stuck without your favorite things because your older brother was overly conscious and a jerk about it. Everyone thought his brother was so great… he kind of was, but only if they knew…

“Don’t give me that, Rain. There’s plenty of sunshine to come, so just smile.” A soft laugh came into existence, flowing from Nile naturally. “Don’t be such a sour-puss.” He added, pulling into the small roadside convenience store located just before the city limits. It looked a bit run-down, but they all sold the same stuff these days.

“Sorry, Nile.” Rain apologized. Really, he was still mad about this morning; his brother had done that on purpose. However, he did love his brother, as strange as he was, and it was going to be a real nice weekend... a good break from school. Things hadn’t been going too well lately. His grades were less than pleasant, he was failing his Writing class, and nervous over the big speech he would have to present in front of everyone, there was a bit of trouble with a jerk who hated him, who happened to be his crush’s boyfriend. Things just weren’t adding up these days.

“It’s of no concern now. Wait here. What would you like?” Nile asked politely, opening the driver’s side door.

“I’ll take an orange soda and a snack… maybe some chips and a muffin?” Rain was not sure what the limits were here, but he was going to push for something good, if he could have it.

Nile seemed to pause, thinking, looking concerned. “But… a muffin and chips… you know that’s not good! Why not have a… an apple? Or banana?” he pressed. “What if you get used to this sweet stuff, huh? It’s not good for you. You could start keeping things from me, hiding junk food, and your body will become unhealthy and you could get sick. What am I to do then? And what about…”

“Brother! It’s just this ONE time, and you already promised, didn’t you? Besides, I’m not going to turn rebellious and die over eating a muffin. But if you really want to take back your word…” If Nile could be dramatic, he could play his cards as well. “I thought this was supposed to be a special trip. Guess not.” He sighed, playing off the scene as disappointment.

Nile looked sad in his eyes, the smile stretched thin across his face, having disappeared. “I don’t know… You know I can’t break a promise! This is a special trip, but I just…. Oh, fine!” he consented. “Just this one time, I’ll let it slide, but only if you have something healthy later.”

“Ok.” Rain agreed, knowing it’s the best he could hope for, as his brother then closed the car door and walked into the store. He came out a few moments later, with a bag of “goodies” and drinks.

Once again, they hit the road, Rain digging out the tall bottle of orange soda, and a large heath candy bar muffin. He’d save the muffin for later, but for now he wanted to drink a cool sip of the sugary drink. While he didn’t want to admit it, he was as excited as a little kid getting a sip of their parent’s mountain dew. The cap screwed off with a click as the plastic separated. Slowly, he lifted the round opening upwards, pressing it to his lips, and enjoying the sensation as the orange colored liquid fizzed, and flowed down his throat.

Nile smiled, glancing over at Rain, who was enjoying a long, cool drink of soda. He knew for a fact that the soda would kick in relatively soon, and that too much sugar made his brother thirsty for more, or else needing water. And he was well prepared, having gotten two extra-sized bottles of water, the large kind with a pop-open top to drink from. Thinking of these things, his heart panged, almost feeling for the boy who was falling so well into his trap. If only he had a girl he could enjoy this with, a cute brunette with decent features and an active bladder… perhaps hand’s locked to the sides of the seat… and… Crap, better be careful not to get excited.

What could he hope for? Despite his good looks, he just couldn’t get the right girl. Not just anyone would do, after all. He needed someone willing to hold for him, and someone who knew him, not just someone in for a quick buck – he’d had plenty experience around them, working as he did.

The silence drifted between the brothers to the point it grew deafening. It’s not that they didn’t get along, but lately there just hadn’t been much to talk about. In fact, their relationship was on a bit of a downward slump, which was also a reason for this trip. It was to hopefully relax the tension between them.

Both decided not to rush things, Nile from careful thoughts, and Rain from slight disinterest. Instead, they stared out at the increasing scenery and they headed down the road, the buildings, houses, lights, and cars being exchanged for nature. Trees stood tall, birds flapping about, and plenty of flowing hills. It was relaxing, and the air between the brothers started to move, the ice separating them slowly starting to melt.

Forty-five minutes into the trip, surrounded by more and more country houses and natural scenery, Rain had downed the soda and had started on the water to cure his thirst. To his unknown horror, the smallest hint of need became present in his thoughtlessly filling bladder.

###

I can keep them around this length, or make them a little longer, or just end when the chapter's good. Still haven't really decided. To make this a story, and somewhat realistic, there may not be omo in every chapter, since I may build up to it. Anyways, talk to meh. :]

*009*2012-05-30 19:33

I'm so glad you guys like it. Yes, I should be able to post daily chapters, as long as they are of this length. This story is going well, I think (I'm on chapter Five, almost Six). Hopefully I won't run into any blocks... Haha...

Thanks, this is the first time sharing my writing online, so I'm glad you guys are at least enjoying it. :]

=====

With about just over three hours to go before they reached the cabin grounds, Rain began to feel pressure being added to his lower abdomen as his bladder began climbing the scale of desperation. For the moment, it wasn’t bad, hardly noticeable, but with the long drive still ahead, he couldn’t help but to be nervous. No matter how you tried, you couldn’t look tough, prepared, and composed if you were squirming around in your seat and trying not to pee. Plus, like his brother already said, there would be no stops of any kind. He had claimed a couple days ago he wanted to get there before other’s that weekend, the reason he took today off of school. Rain, however, doubted he really had plans at all.

The nervous feeling in the pit of his stomach caused Rain great annoyance, and kept his mind on his bladder, which was filling pretty quickly by now. A whole bottle of soda and little water were on its own trip through his systems, not to mention some orange juice from earlier. After ten minutes, he had managed to calm down his nerves a bit, encouraging himself, but that did nothing for his ever present, increasing need to urinate. Finally, he decided to take his mind off of it completely, and an hour into the trip he started on his muffin. Now this… this was a particularly rare treat, not having had a muffin, or other similar sweet, since his brother’s birthday last May.

The muffin was a Heath (candy bar) Muffin, full of delicious taste and crumbly sweetness. Despite the fact it was a little dry because of sitting out for an hour, it was really good. And mammoth sized. Between his appetite and his craving for the sugary taste, it was gone in a couple of minutes. Of course, now he was thirsty. Trying to ignore his thirst, he looked out the window and focused on the scenery for another four or five minutes… slowly, his thirst increased along with his need. Knowing there was plenty of traveling time yet, he didn’t want to make things worse for himself, but all in all it was hard to relax with a dry throat. It was decided a little water wouldn’t hurt; he reached over to his water and slowly brought it up to his lips. Automatically, his head tilted back and he allowed the water to be gulped down in large quantities.

Before he realized it… almost half of the large bottle was now gone. While his thirst was well quenched, he knew his bladder would pay the price later. Dreadfully, he glanced over at the time and regretted it instantly. They wouldn’t arrive till around 11:20, 11:25 in the morning. Two hours and forty minutes left, already with an increasing need. He knew his brother wouldn’t stop till they arrived, not that there was a place to pull over to begin with. No matter what, he’d just have to wait it out and see if he could hold it until they got there… It was… kind of… no! He was just nervous, that’s all it was. Surely.

Nile had had his eyes on the road for a while, but even so didn’t miss it when he looked over at Rain’s bottle of water. Even if he didn’t drink any more, there would be plenty of liquid to fill his bladder. Chances were he was already getting worried over the situation. He didn’t like to get embarrassed, but he sure was good at getting himself in these situations. Hey, no one forced the kid to drink all that soda and water! Plus he knew ahead of time, for years actually, that there were no pullovers on a trip like this. Only on the larger trips, and even then there were few. Either something didn’t quite tick right in that kid’s head, or he was a bit of a glutton for punishment. For the second time today, he wondered if the boy really did share his older brother’s fetish, though perhaps… he didn’t realize it himself.

Well, no matter. It would be a very fun topic to approach later! Nile started to wonder if he should try to talk with the boy, when Rain eventually broke the silence for him, which was a bit of a shock. “Nile, where exactly are we going, anyways?”

“Well,” Nile answered, happy to be of service, “we’re headed to a place called Kangaroo Cabins. It’s a camp ground where there are old-time looking log cabins to stay in for a historical feel, minus some upgrades of course. It has some facilities, but it’s mostly next to a lake, and set in the woods. There’re some wild animals, boating, fishing, swimming, trails, horse rides… It’s a fun looking place. It’s also great relaxation to be in nature. After all, too much city life is bad for a person’s soul. It was started back in 1952 when….”

And he was off. This was exactly the reason asking his brother for information was bad. He was off in one of his high-up and happy moods now, head in the clouds. WHO would want to know all this? He had just asked where they were going; a name and destination would have sufficed. Instead, he got a whole history, activity list, famous founders, and now knew why the lake was shaped that certain way.

Twenty minutes later, Nile was off on a related but different topic, explaining the benefits of the natural water supply to the “Cavers Lake”, and explaining its vast underwater cave system where – for the right price – one could pay for diving lessons and go to explore a safe route with a guide in a small group. Nile hadn’t been interested in it, but explaining the properties of the water change was quite interesting for one reason another… About time Rain’s need was getting worse…

Would he STOP TALKING ABOUT WATER?! Rain winced, shifting uncomfortably in his seat. He could tell his brother seemed to be enjoying the conversation; he always had been the smart one. His fingers were out of mind, tapping on the hand-rest on the car door while he watched straight ahead. This was seriously bad. The need was apparent now as he tried not to squirm, his face growing warm. “Brother, can’t you talk about something else for a while? It’s getting boring.” Truthfully, it had been boring for a while.

There it was! The key word was brother. Rain only called him brother when something was up, and judging by all the present signs, that something was likely needing a break for the restroom. He smiled, “I was so trying to keep things interesting! Or do you not enjoy the subject of water? Speaking of… I’m getting a little thirsty myself… do you mind handing my water?”

Rain wanted to glare at his brother, unsure what he was playing at. Of course, talking for twenty to thirty minutes straight would give anyone a dry throat… He leaned forward to the bag on the floor, noticing the extra pressure on his filling bladder with great reluctance, as he moved some various things out of the way in order to reach the unopened bottle of water. He handed it to his brother afterwards, while hoping that he didn’t drink too loudly, as Rain tried to play it cool, keeping himself from moving his legs – a feat not possible for much longer. Nile popped the top, and took a good drink to soothe his throat before putting the bottle in the cup holder. It wasn’t enough to make him have a need, but enough to do its job and make things worrisome for Rain.

As the drive wore on, the water in the two bottles sloshed around the empty space, tempting Rain to toss them both right out the window. More than just growing uncomfortable, he would have used the restroom by now if he could. In fact, that what he wanted more than anything at the moment, instantly regretting the soda. Still, he tried his best to remain still, bladder pulsating, hands and right leg starting to feel like vibrating. He turned his head out the window, staring out at the vast, dew-covered ground, not wanting his brother to notice his face growing hot. Somewhere around two hours to go, and Rain was at the point he really wanted to pee…

====

1. Next chapter should be more interesting for you.

2. If you think Nile is cruel NOW.... enough said, you'll see. :]

3. I think Rain trusts his brother a tad too much, at times. There are ulterior motives.

About Chapter 4: Things get worse. Will Rain speak up? And what will happen when he does? Will secrets be revealed? We'll just have to wait to see.

Thanks for reading the chapter 3!

*011*2012-05-30 22:40

Nile is more... dense in those areas. He is not that introspective, and is more the type to assume, or to be a little selfish conversation wise. Not that he's a bad person, he just has a bit of a cruel side at times, as you guys may soon see. Mostly, he gets lost in thought, and it happens to spew out his mouth as he's thinking. He's really good with people, though, so usually he can control himself to a degree, but he's the type to often think out loud if he doesn't watch it.

Rain's personality is based around his brothers, since he's had to deal with him half his life. Their both good hearted, but have a different way of showing it, I guess you could say. Nile has a bit of a double-side when he's playful. I wonder if this is making any sense, or answering the question at all.... What was the question again? *looks back at post*

Well, either way, we'll just have to wait it out and see how he winds up, because even i'm not 100% sure. It's one of those "as you go" things. :) Either way, enjoy.

((And I would never have the guts to have this open at work or anything. My mom walks in my house and I shut the computer. Though that's probably more suspicious.... Haha))

*013*2012-05-31 12:49

I don't mind in the least. It's actually helpful for me to see if i'm doing my characters right, because I think the ultimate goal for any writer is to make the readers feel for, or connect with, their characters, to bring the readers to the character's side. Nile's bit of messed up personality is going to come out in this chapter. This will be the ultimate test weather you guys like this character or not, as, like I said, he does have a cruel side... And the desperation is in this chapter as well, so I'm hoping that it makes sense. It's hard to write male desperation, since I'm female, but females are harder characters for me, so it's pick and choose, and I chose male characters.

At least your work deletes history. I get to do that manually. I have my little brother over tonight, and my friends over on Friday (oh, why do I keep saying yes? I love to hang out, but they get so loud and in my apartment...) so I'm going to go ahead and post the story early. If I can find time to post tomorrow, I will. Otherwise the chapter may be delayed. :[

=====

Chapter Four

Was there ever any real hope? To make it two hours without relieving himself, when he was already growing desperate enough to squirm around and fidget, was a tad unrealistic. The only other option, however, was to pee his pants, and that was a definite no-freaking-way. He did not plan to wet himself twice in one day (since it was close enough this morning), let alone in front of his older brother! No… Nile was not someone he wanted to lose control in front of, or even show his desperation. He’d always had a slightly cruel side, and would probably be the one to tease him a bit. Even if he was careful not to go too far, it sure was annoying.

Nile’s slight smile still played on his composure, though his habit of smiling was paying off. He did what he could to keep his eyes on the road, though ever so often he found his mind drifting back to Rain, who was noticeably desperate and trying to hide it. He could feel himself growing excited in anticipation before rebuking himself. Rain was probably worried over letting him see, for various reasons. OH, if only he knew the depth of it. It seemed like Rain was a bit double minded. Sometimes he seemed so sure of his brother’s enjoyment, and others he seemed so innocent, so unknowing. He always seemed to get into odd situations. As bad as it was, Nile could use this to his benefit, he was sure. “Rain,” Nile spoke his name slowly, allowing the thought of water to return to the boy’s mind, “What time is it, would you check?”

Would. He. Check. With every small shudder of his bladder, he knew the time by heart. The clock that ticked away on his restlessly on his aching, swelling bladder was quit on time, if not a little fast! Would he check? Ha! He’d rather not, but seeing no way to get out of it, he looked over at the clock with his heart beating out of his chest. It was now 9:34 am, and that meant only 14 minutes had drug on by. He still had an hour and forty minutes to live with this, at best. The situation was beginning to look dire, and his efforts would probably be in vain. But there was no way he would embarrass himself again! No way could he pee his pants in the car as a fifteen year old. If anyone found out… he just may die of embarrassment. A minute went by before he realized he had been lost in his own thoughts, Nile patiently waiting for his answer. “Sorry… um…” he looked over at the clock again, feeling his stomach drop in near defeat. “It’s 9:35.”

Could time go any slower? Probably not, without going backwards… Even though he couldn’t see the speedometer, he hoped his brother was at least going the speed limit, and not below it like he sometimes did, just to enjoy the ride. If he tried hard enough… with enough effort, he could make it, right? It was well worth a shot, because peeing in the car was not an option. Even as he entertained these thoughts, his bladder laughed in protest. His bladder was feeling as full as an overcrowded theatre during a new hit movie. He could just imagine little urine people pushing and shoving, and his bladder tightened against his jeans and he had to maneuver and close his legs.

Nile gave a light-hearted laugh and smiled, “Thanks. So we have over an hour and a half to go… Why don’t you tell me about what’s really going on at school?” After asking this, Nile continued, putting on a whining voice and pouting, “You’ve kept So-o much to yourself lately, and not talking to me at all. I thought we got along?! With you... not even… talking to me… I just can’t go on. What am I to do when I’ve failed this much? I guess my best isn’t good enough! Oh, if only I could do more. Please, what’s really going on? Talk to me.” Talking was much more convenient with Rain when he was vulnerable… he couldn’t put on as much a brave face.

‘You could go faster.’ Rain thought, trying not to move now that his brother’s attention was on him. Unfortunately, his body’s natural instincts took over instantly, his right leg moving back and forth, his lips feeling dry and his left hand absent-mindedly rubbing his leg and every so often taking a small detour to his private. Right now was not a good time to talk, but anything to take his mind off his trouble… “It’s not that! Just… It’s not you, ok? So can’t we just drop it? I’m fine.”

“You… really are avoiding me.” Nile’s eyes half closed, the smiling features dropping from his face into a forlorn expression. “You used to tell me everything. And I would always try to make it better.”

“Don’t you think that’s the problem?!” Rain raised his voice unintentionally. “You always have to get involved. You can’t just listen, you have to interfere and cause more problems! I don’t need that right now.” He crossed his arms, willing the conversation to drop here. It’s true it’s been a little… tense the past week. No wonder his brother was worried, but that really wasn’t his problem.

It was easy to tell Nile was getting frustrated as well, with the silence between them for another few minutes. An hour and a half to go, and the situation couldn’t get much worse. Now there was sure no way for him to get Nile to stop, and no way to avoid the inevitable, as the pressure on his bladder seemed ever increasing. Groaning inwardly, Rain shifted in his seat, moving his body forward and leaning over a bit to put his elbows on his legs for a second. Quickly he shifted back and tried looking out the window, thighs closer together than ever, as he desperately wanted to hold himself.

Eventually, he sighed, deciding he took it too far, even if it was true. It wasn’t Nile’s fault. “Brother?” he asked cautiously. “I’m sorry; I didn’t mean to say that.” Everyone coped with things differently. “It’s just… I have to deal with certain things at school and…” He winced, sucking a breath between his teeth, not able to continue as the hot pee reached the end of its road, and threatened to dive off the edge. Still, he tried not to let it show, though that now seemed a fool’s journey.

Nile had his eyes narrowed and glaring the life away from the road ahead, forgetting all about the reason for the trip momentarily. His knuckles were near white against the steering wheel and his whole body was rigid with anger, though he controlled it. That had been a low blow; it was something he heard enough from others without his little brother joining in. “It’s fine then.” His voice was monotone.

“No it’s not! I said sorry. I’ve…” Rain knew he’d have to fix this; having his brother’s anger was terrifying. What ever happened to his smile in these moments? Did it hide, or did it die altogether? “I’ve been having problems with another guy at school. He hangs out with a rougher crowd than I do.” Rain wasn’t weak, but against four other guys, two of which were bigger than him, there was not much he could do besides yell and get his ass kicked. “I looked the wrong way in the wrong direction, and… well… let’s say he’s had it out for me ever since.”

Nile exhaled a long breath, “I’m sorry to hear that.” He said honestly, the previous insult forgotten. “You should have taken some useful sport. Martial arts you can at least fight. What are you going to do learning track? Run off?” On a second thought, he added, “Though… honestly that’s a better option. I don’t want you hurt. I’d have to kill someone.” He said in an almost pitying voice.

He hoped Nile was joking. Rain stayed quiet, willing control over his body. A small spurt just escaped into his jeans, and he had moved his hand to put helpful pressure on the leak. “I can’t… talk right now.” He said with some difficulty.

Suddenly, Nile recalled Rain’s bladder, and decided now was a good time as ever to press it. “Are you ok? What’s going on right now?” he asked with false concern. Then a cruel smile played at his lips, scratching secrecy off the to-do list. “How long have you needed to pee this badly? You DO need to pee, right? It looks like the relief would feel great at this point… You’ll just have to hold it. Even if I wanted, there’s nowhere to pull over. Pity...” he couldn’t hold back a light laughter, his bad mood replaced with a joyful presence, and a hint of excitement.

“Of course it would feel good to pee!” Rain argued back, thinking how sweet relief would feel right now. Bad idea. His free hand, tapping on the arm rest, shot to his private, not sure what else he could do. His bladder had reached the filling point. How much longer was left? Rain looked over at the clock, “I can’t wait another hour and fifteen minutes! Pull over!” he demanded.

Nile smiled, relaxed and smiled over at Rain, his voice overly calm and peaceful, “Now… why would I do that?”

=========

To look for in Chapter 5:

- More dialog between the brothers, and more frustrations

- Open refusals - Will secrets be officially revealed?

- Will Rain get a break, or will his bladder win the war?

- Will they ever reach the Cabins?!

Stay tuned to find out! (I'm watching too much TV as of late, aren't I? ROFL)

*015*2012-06-01 10:43

"quite a following of lurkers" :) I love the way that's worded. Haha...

My little brother is... 11 I think. Haha... He comes over because I have internet, and he doesn't, plus there's a park at the complex, then his friends also live around here.... He claimed he came to visit me yesterday, and headed for the park! That's just how it is, I guess. :)

Since my friends that are coming over tonight are much more nosy than my brother, one of which likes to peek over my shoulder, I won't have time to post or even check back for the rest of the day. They don't mean harm by it, but it get's annoying. I really don't want to explain to him why I'm on this sight. Specially because even though he's younger than me, he's smarter than me in a lot of areas. >.< lol

===

Chapter Five

Rain knew his brother could be difficult, but even so he couldn’t stop his face full of horror from looking into his eyes, his mouth hanging slightly open. “What do you mean, why? If you don’t pull over I’ll pee in the car! I can’t hold it that long!”

Nile shook his head slightly, laughing, moving his eyes back to the road, “You’ve never been bright, baby boy.” His voice had a mysterious feel with a smirk on his lips. “I know you can’t hold it. I knew that this morning to.”

Rain seemed dumfounded. Sure, he knew his brother was an asshole, but what was he getting at? “What’s that supposed to mean?” he asked, the worry causing him to whine, and he leaned forward in desperation. “Just pull over!”

“That’s not going to happen, Rain. Just wait.”

“I can’t!” he protested, shaking. An hour and fifteen minutes to go…

“I told you I already know you can’t hold it. I just don’t want to pull over just yet.”

“That doesn’t make any sense!”

“Sure it does.”

“Just pull over! Now!” he sucked in a sharp breath as a spurt escaped his bladder, now at capacity and complaining. “Please! Brother, I’m begging you. I’ll do whatever you want!”

“It’s not good to hold it in too long, you know.” Nile smiled, laughing a little.

“It’s not my choice!”

“Really?” he pestered, not able to help bullying his brother a little. “Then why did you drink so much knowing there was a long drive and no stops? And knowing you don’t have a super bladder by any means? And last night… Why did you drink juice before bed, knowing you’d be desperate in the morning, but not wake up sooner knowing I’d get a shower like always? Hmm?”

“I… Pull over!” Rain got louder, frustrated and openly squirming as another quick, longer squirt escaped into his pants, this time showing well on his jeans. “Brother!”

Nile was silent for a while, before finally speaking with a hint of amusement, “About an hour to go, Rain.” Nile said cruelly, not bothering to hide his smile.

The only response from Rain was a defeated whimper as he still remained holding, his body shaking, screaming the need to urinate.

Nile sighed, looking over at the boy with pity. “I’m sorry, but you got yourself into it. There’s not even a place to stop, and it’s illegal to just pull over to pee in public. If you need to go, just go. I won’t make fun of you or get mad or anything, trust me.” He was serious, too. It wouldn’t do good to laugh at Rain. Rain really didn’t mean for this to happen. Besides, he was his precious baby brother after all.

Rain couldn’t think anymore, as the ok from his older brother signaled to his bladder to release, and it made the decision for him. Hot pee streamed everywhere on the front of his pants and base of his shirt, from the top of his pants to flowing down his legs. There was nothing he could do and he just leaned back in the seat and relaxed, arms dropping to his sides.

“How did that feel?” Nile asked his brother, a pleased smile on his face, excited.

Rain sighed in an answer, too embarrassed to speak right away. “You have no idea.”

‘Oh, yes I do.’ Nile smiled at his own thoughts. “There’s still a while before we get to the cabin. Do you want to change clothes?”

“Nile.” Rain said in a drowsy, relaxed voice, a ‘you’re an idiot’ expression showing.

“Yes, Rain?” Nile knew what he was about to say.

“You really… are an ass.”

“I know, baby boy. I know.” Nile said proudly, finally picking up speed to get there a little faster.

*Arriving at the Cabins*

The first thing Rain did was head for the showers, with a clean pair of pants. The pee was now pretty itchy, as he had refused to stop to change, too embarrassed, despite his brother’s warnings. Now he was regretting that a bit, and wishing he had listened. Too late now… Instead, all he could to was to wash up. He did so in record time, and felt a hundred times better after doing so.

When he was done, he met up with his brother back at the cabin. It was a standard, one room cabin, with a heater, a small “kitchen” of sorts, and two sets of bunk beds. It had a rather cozy feel that somehow left someone with a bit of nostalgia. It really wasn’t that dirty, either, for being a cabin in the middle of the woods. This may not have been a wasted trip after all… as long as Nile behaved and didn’t pull any of his tricks.

“Rain, boy, you’re back. Enjoy your shower?” Nile sat on the left bottom bed, hands folded in his lap, and a small smile on his face. There was a hint of laughter when he spoke, and his eyes were filled with curious amusement.

“I’m still mad at you.” was all rain managed to say; no reason in him not to be stubborn after his brother clearly did that on purpose. “Anyways, what are we doing the rest of the day?”

Nile brought a hand to his chin in thought, “What shall we do… There’s that planned for tomorrow, and I don’t want to do that till the next day… how about we try a trail ride, or go fishing? It could be fun.”

Rain thought, ‘Fun for a kid, maybe.’ but kept it to himself. There was no reason to make things worse between them; despite it all, Nile was actually a sensitive type of person. He took things offensively. “I suppose. Though I’m not sure about being near water right now… Fine, I guess a trail ride it is.”

Nile smiled, rose, walked over to his brother, and gave him a hug, much to his brother’s distaste at the moment. “Alright, let’s walk there and see if we can get a couple horses. This’ll give us time to bond, and we’ll be all friendly and happy again! Then when we get home, I can make us something to celebrate… like that sparkling grape juice you get at the store, and maybe even bake something… Ah! We could have fried chicken, we haven’t had that in a while, and maybe something like cake or pie…” While Nile began excitedly discussing thoughts for the future, they headed out the cabin, locked up, and aimed for the horses and trails.

=====

This was a very fun chapter to write! Haha... I love Nile. I really do.

What to look for in Chapter Six:

- Horse ride (???)

- Taking a stab at the problems between them

- And a good nights rest?

((It's a more dull chapter, which is why I hurried through the rest of the dull day. It doesn't even make much sense to me, either, so I just basically flew over it. However, I do have some fun planned in chapter seven, but I haven't written that yet, so we'll all have to wait and see what's next in store for poor Rain. Maybe I'll give Rain his payback. :)

*018*2012-06-03 00:13

UPDATE

I have to brainstorm ideas for chapter seven, and I decided I won't post a chapter on Sunday, being a holy day of rest for me. That, and a bit of stressing out over a couple things in my personal life... I need the relaxation. I will probably be back to writing on Monday, and post the next chapter then. For now... Enjoy the revised chapter 6! I had part of seven written, but i've decided I hate it. I don't like it. It has to go. :/ So I'll have to seriously think. It may be Tuesday before I can get the chance to just sit and write again, and have some good ideas. Anyways.... Enjoy!

=======

Chapter Six

This nature adventure, the more Rain thought about it, didn’t seem that bad. He’d never spent much time around horses or any other large animals. Surely it couldn’t be that hard? He knew that their parents had taken them once or twice to a ranch before they passed on, but he had been too young to really remember.

Sure, maybe he was just a little nervous about being on a twelve-hundred plus pounds animal that was probably smarter than he was. For sure, he wasn’t scared of getting hurt in any way; it wouldn’t be the first time he broke a bone or twisted something, but his brother’s over-reacting was enough to be careful. Last time he sprained his ankle he was bed-ridden for a week, when he could walk just fine. That’s how Nile was, overprotective. In a way, it made Rain glad – of course, it’s not something he could admit.

Really… it was a bother. If only Nile would leave things alone and let him… forget it, Nile would never leave him alone.

There were a couple horses being saddled, a large, white and grey dappled horse, and a slightly smaller brown horse with a white stocking on its front left and hind right legs, a diamond on its forehead. A middle-aged man in dirty overalls and a dusty cowboy hat greeted them, “You boys lookin’ for them horses? We’s got a couple here’n now. Jus’ show the slip.” Nile pulled out the receipt slip from his pocket, showing it to the man. “Good. Here ya’ll go. If ya’ got ‘em problems, jus’ ask for Randy, that’s me.”

Thanking the man, Nile hopped up on the horse, truly looking like a prince up there on his noble steed. “Well, are you getting on? It’s just like in the movies.” Nile seemed to be enjoying himself.

“I’ve never been on a horse!” Rain said, following his brother’s example to climb onto the horse’s back. The horse… was taller than he had thought. It had been a little difficult to get his foot in the hole, but now he realized: up was easy. He was high up, sitting on the back of this animal, it’s deep, warm breath… lungs contracting and relaxing beneath him… its head shaking back an fourth as it walked forward, following its fellow horse.

The animal – dubbed Thunder – flexed its muscles, stretching its legs and picking up speed. Nile had sped up, and so had Rain, both resting on the backs of the horses below them. It was a bit hard to sit, after sitting all morning, but even so it wasn’t that bad. Actually, Raid was starting to have a little fun by the time they started down the trail.

Nile was starting to speak again, going on and on about something or another that Rain didn’t fully understand. Something about the west, mines, and bank robbers. “…then, back in 18…”

“Nile.” Rain said, stopping his brother’s speech. “Have you ever liked someone?”

“What do you mean, like someone? Like as in friends or like as in wanting something more?” He didn’t sound too sure of the subject, probably hoping it was for former rather than the later.

“As in wanting more.” Rain blushed, glad Nile couldn’t see.

“I suppose so, but it just didn’t work out like that.” Nile answered. “Why do you ask?”

“No reason.”

“Rain…” he warned.

“Ok, so there’s this girl I might, sort of… like. Problem is, she’s dating a future gang member, I’m sure of it.”

“It’s best not to get involved.”

“How can you say that? I can’t help it.” Rain lowered his head like a puppy being scolded.

“That bad, huh? Then all you can do is wait. If you stand against it, the girl will probably just think you don’t value her feelings. She’s liking him, for whatever reason, after all. Don’t worry about it. Have you tried confessing at the least?”

“Confessing? Well… not really.” Rain waited for a moment before sighing, “Ok, no. But it’s not that easy, less I want to be flying with the angels.”

The horses were making their way down the trail, and several minutes passed before either spoke again.

“Well, give it time. Patience will be rewarded. Just as long as you aren’t forgetting to do your part.” Nile sighed. So his baby brother was finally after a girl. He’d get one before his older brother; how sad would that be. Nile wanted a girlfriend to. “Is that what’s been troubling you?”

“Sorta… Don’t worry about it…” He didn’t want to bring up failing the tenth grade on a weekend like this. Maybe he could raise his grades before his brother found out… and avoid any problems…

The trail ride was a mixture of fast and slow, as Nile led the way into the woods, and through a clearing, before looping back around. At one point, they stopped at a beautiful natural river and chose to rest, not saying much of anything.

Later, as the two brothers headed back to the cabin and off to dream-land, Rain couldn’t help but to think the day had ended on a pretty nice note. But the deeds done earlier, the wetting, had not been forgotten, as Rain began thinking up a plan for a little payback… but how could he pull something off against his brother? Well… tomorrow would bring its own plans and worries. Tonight, it was time to rest…

*023*2012-06-06 01:31

Glad you guys are liking this so far! And to "Mr.MakeherWait", it will have female in it, as soon as this "weekend" is done, and that's in about... two or three chapters, since I don't know much about camping myself. Plus it is tagged male as well, first, and I don't know how to tag it with a blue tag... I don't think it's possible now that I already made the topic... Sorry. There's not much I can do, less there's something I don't know about...

To the rest that read my story, and enjoy it, I'm glad you guys are liking it, and want to inform you I'm over my slump in writing. I finally found something decent to write about, and will have some more wetting in the next chapter or so, since I don't want to write another wetting on the trip home.... That'd give Rain a fear of cars. lol What's coming, is I plan on getting through the weekend in the next couple of chapters, and have Rain start working towards... confessing... to the girl he loves, and finds a way to make her his, so to speak. I do want to include her, and maybe even take a peak into Nile's work-life. Plus there's apparently a problem with Nile I didn't know about till now (nightmares?) and more to work out for the brothers.... Lots of interesting (I hope) chapters are coming. Please let me know of any ideas you have, and anything you would like to see. Thank you. :)

========

Chapter Seven

Everyone has their secrets…

Like every night, Nile tossed and turned till he finally awoke with a jolt, lucky not to hit his head on the bunk above him. His sheets were annoyingly tangled around him, and annoyingly wet with sweat – thankfully nothing more. Like every night, the images burn themselves into his memory, like an evil tattoo upon his heart.

It was always the same…

Darkness… Flashing lights… Sirens… The patter of rain… an unforgettable terror…

After adjusting to reality, Nile kicked the blanket off with a sigh, and went ahead to pick out his clothes for the day. Being as they would be around water all day… it didn’t make sense to shower just yet, even if he wanted to rid his body of the heat. He dressed in loose white pants and light blue t-shirt with dark blue designs and the words “Live Forever” etched on the front, covered again in his favorite, light white jacket.

Wide awake, his expression twisted into a past-darkened frown, he stepped out of the cabin into the chilly dawn, sitting on one of the four carefully cut and placed logs around the fire pit. With a sigh, he lost himself in thoughts of what-ifs and would-be’s - the chains of life threatening to drown him.

Unknowing to him, back inside the cabin Rain was just beginning to stir…

Rain woke up feeling groggy, not wanting to move. The ever familiar twinge in his bladder had forced him awake, when all he wanted was to curl up under the blankets and fall back asleep. He curled up, despite his body’s protests, clinging onto the side of the pillow with a good grip, less anyone try to move it and wake him.

A spurt escaped into his pants, jerking him instantly from his slumber as his thighs pressed together and his hand shot downward. “Crap!” slipped from his mouth in his sleep-drunken state of mind, while he fought with the covers to let him out of bed. Finally getting free, he didn’t even have time to search for Nile as he bolted out the door. Instead of being concerned with why the door was unlocked, or making it up to the bathrooms, he went to the side of the cabin and started going there, no time to make any better decisions.

After a good, long pee, he replaced his pants and started walking to the door, startled to find Nile sitting, back to him, not moving. Something about him just seemed… different. “Nile?” he asked, moving closer, with no response. Walking closer he tried again, while placing his left hand on Niles right shoulder gently, “Brother?”

Nile, clearly surprised, spun around and had his left hand on Rain’s throat, his right ready to defend or attack, body posed with perfect memory of his training.

Rain jumped and whimpered at his brother, unsure, fearful, as Nile’s eyes glared into him with a heavy frown.

Jumping backwards, releasing his younger brother, Nile looked apologetic, and laughed, putting on a smile. “Sorry, sorry. Just… a bad dream…” he started to explain, leaving out the big details, “What are you doing out here so early?”

Rain was frozen. It felt like his body had been successfully paralyzed, and his mind wiped blank. All he could see was his brother’s terrifying expression… it had been a long, long time since he had seen a look like that… what did it really mean?

Nile placed a careful hand on his brother’s head, “You snuck up on me, sorry. I didn’t hear you.”

“I was calling for you.” Rain managed to say. “What? You always attack anyone who gets close to you?”

“It’s not that… I’m just used to working with some less-than-pleasant people.” Nile told half-truthfully. Though… he had merely been lost in thought, and hadn’t realized where he was.

“I’d get a new job.” Rain said, accepting his brother’s hand to help him off the ground, where he had fallen. “Sorry I startled you.”

“I was not startled, I was caught off guard.”

“Right.” Rain rolled his eyes. “Never mind that, what are we doing today?”

“About that… wear something good for getting wet. We’re headed to the lake today.

“We came all this way to go to a lake?” Rain asked, quizzical.

“You’ll see. Just get dressed.” Nile laughed, the usual smile having found its way home.

Sometimes, Rain wondered if that smile was only half of who Nile was…

Rain dressed in dark jeans, a light red shirt with a fire pattern, and a thin, dark-grey jacket. After putting his shoes on, he headed out to look for his brother, who was caught stretching for the day.

Nile smiled over at Rain, everything from the morning already forgotten, as they headed down the path towards the lakefront…

“Nile,” Rain looked to his brother. He, however, had not forgotten the events that just took place. Thinking hard, he wanted to find a way to ask about it, not that Nile would ever tell him the truth.

“What is it?” Nile questioned, a slight suspicion hidden in his voice.

Rain chickened out. “Nothing… It’s a nice sunrise.” He added, hoping that hadn’t been too lame.

“Yes it is.” Nile laughed, as they reached the water, together.

