Serena's accident (A Pokemon X and Y story)

Author: omoking

*000*2015-12-27 00:01

I'm not going to lie this is my first time writing fanfic so I apologize in advance if this comes out terrible.

Serena was in the middle of Santalune Forest when she felt a twinge in her bladder that made it clear that she needed to pee. Serena considered going behind a bush to relieve herself but she decided not to feeling that she could wait until she got to a Pokémon center. As she walked through the forest Serena forgot her need and took in the forest scenery and admired it's beauty.

About an hour later Serena was halfway through Santalune Forest and she was starting to feel desperate for the bathroom as she started to fidget. At this point Serena thought that she should have went to the bathroom before she went into the forest but she knew she couldn't do anything about it at this point. Serena kept walking through the forest squeezing her legs together.

Eventually Serena managed to find her way out of Santalune Forest but by this point in time she was holding herself through her skirt and she honestly wasn't sure if she was going to make to the bathroom in time. At this point Serena feels her bladder spasm as she releases a spurt of urine into her panties. Serena in a panic pulls up her skirt to see the damage and sees a quarter-sized wet spot on the front of her white panties. I can't hold it I'm going to have an accident... Serena thought to herself as she felt the pain in her bladder worsen with each move she made. She felt another spurt this one longer than the last as she felt hot urine soak through the front of her skirt and her panties and onto the ground as Serena started to cry. Serena felt relief which was eclipsed by the shame she felt for having wet herself. At this point Serena went to the Pokémon center hoping it was empty so she could change out of her wet clothes in privacy.

*003*2015-12-27 03:50

Thank you for the praise it means a lot.

*005*2015-12-31 17:48

Petrichor I thank you for the praise.

*007*2016-01-01 00:07

What do you have in mind Night Rain?

*009*2016-01-01 14:38

Any more Night Rain?

I can do something like that I just need to figure out how to make it good.

*011*2016-01-01 19:02

Well I am not following the anime Night Rain though those are good ideas. I also think that the idea of Serena wetting herself during a gym battle would also make for a good story as well.

*013*2016-01-01 19:28

I will try my best.

*015*2016-01-01 19:31

Thank you.

*017*2016-01-04 16:48

Thank you JohnM_15 for the kind words.

