Innocent Girls in class

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2013-06-02 15:39

Having taught English for over ten years, and having never seen anything even like desperation in his mostly girl students, the teacher had given up on thinking like that, and just focused on teaching English. He taught all ages, from the age of six all the way into senior years, but never had he had the hope of seeing anyone in a vulnerable situation such as he sometimes would have liked to have seen.

One day, he had a trial lesson for a third grade student and her sister, a five year old. As normal, he started the lesson teaching them what he thought would be important for them to communicate their needs to him. By now, he knew Japanese quite well, but he still wanted the students to be able to tell him if they needed anything in English, so of course, he first taught them the useful phrase of "May I...?"

The girls seemed to think he was silly, and they laughed along with his silly dance.

The lesson continued for nearly forty minutes, when the younger of the sisters started to look nervously at her mom who was invited to watch the first lesson so she could see how the class would be conducted. Still, she didn't say anything right away, and the teacher went on teaching.

"I am Jim," he said to the girls. Then he pointed at them in turn to say their names.

"I am Ayaka," the younger one said loudly before her older sister could respond. It was no secret which of the sisters were more outgoing by this point.

"I am Erika," the older one said.

"I am twenty-seven," the teacher continued.

"I am a fibe," the younger one said without prompting, but the older one seemed stuck for the moment.

"I am...." the teacher prodded.

She knew that part already. That wasn't what had her stuck. He watched her for a moment, and then realized that it might be the numbers, so he counted for her on fingers.

"One... two... three..." until he reached eight.

"I am eight," she said almost at once.

Again, the younger child looked nervously at her mother, but when the teacher asked her questions she responded right away.

Jim started to wonder if the younger child was not enjoying the lesson though he was trying to make it easy and fun. He wondered if there was something he was forgetting to do, and became a little nervous that the mother would not have them join since the younger one kept looking over at her mother. Still, he went on as nothing were wrong. Even if they didn't join, it wasn't worth worrying about. He knew he couldn't really change his style now, after doing the same lessons for nearly ten years.

As the lesson came to its end, he put on a short comic for the kids to enjoy while he spoke with the mother about his way of teaching, why he taught the way he did, and what the system of payment and so on would be.

The younger child was not paying so much attention to the comics, but watching her mother, moving a bit more instantly as she grew even more nervous. Jim wondered what was going on with her. But the older sister was laughing at Tom and Jerry's antics. Jim then gave her an envelope and said that she could think about it.

The mother, however, had already decided, but she wanted her children's opinion. He was not fluent in Japanese, so only understood what they were saying just enough to know that she was asking them about how they felt about the lesson. At first, she had wanted only her older daughter to join, but now, she was thinking her younger daughter could join too.

Both of the girls gave their approval of the lesson, and then the mother asked something surprising.

"You only teach one day a week, right?" she asked.

"Well, I have taught two or three times a week for someone that wants it, but normally people don't have that kind of schedule, and want only one class a week."

"Well, if I wanted twice a week for my kids?"

"I can give you a special price. I would charge full price for the first lesson, and half price for the second lesson."

"That sounds fair. So, would you please teach my girls?"

"Sure."

Then she pulled out the money.

Well, Jim was starting to wonder why the younger girl was so nervous if she enjoyed the lesson, but at that moment, she said something in Japanese to her mother that he couldn't hear.

"Ask him in English," she said in Japanese.

"May I...," she put her finger to her lips thinking a moment. "Um..." then she started the potty dance which was one way he had told her that she could ask so that he knew.

"Go to the bathroom?" he asked her.

She nodded and copied him.

"Of course. Just round the corner over there. Don't lock the door, but please shut it completely."

Once she had used it, they had left.

Jim couldn't believe that they had actually not only joined, but that they were going to come twice a week!

Part Two:

About three weeks later, Jim realized that something was off about the older girl which had surprised him.

The sound of pounding feet on the outside stairs alerted Jim to the arrival of his newer students on one Saturday morning. He walked to the front door, and made sure that it was unlocked so that they could open the door, and just as he was about to turn to walk back to open classroom door, the two excited girls yelled out together opening the door as they did.

"May I come in?"

Jim turned around and smiled.

"Sure. Please come in," he gestured to the open classroom door.

The girls seemed to race to take off their shoes and run to the classroom as fast as possible.

When Jim approached the classroom, he saw that the girls were already sitting on the reading rug. He smiled. They learned quick.

He walked over to his usual place, and he started to warm them up.

"I am Jim," he said to the girls.

"I am Ayaka."

"I am Erika," they replied.

"I am twenty-seven."

"I am... fibe."

"I am ... sikusu, seben, um... eight," the older one finally replied.

"I am happy." Jim finished.

"I am happy," they both mimicked.

Jim laughed.

"Alright, let's see if you remember this...."

He pulled out a card with a picture of a girl on it.

"I am ga rue," the younger one quickly replied again.

"Very good!"

Then he started to remind them of how to ask questions. This time, the older one, Erika was on top.

"May I play?" she said before her sister.

After that, the girls seemed to make it a contest as to which one could say the requests faster. When it came time to ask about the bathroom...

"May I go," Erika started.

"to basaroom?" Ayaka finished louder than her sister. They were both giggling with brightly shining eyes that declared that they were enjoying themselves!

"Good job," Jim said with a smile. "Now, today, we have a Bearstein's book, and we have Tiger is a Scaredy Cat."

"May I read first," they both said quickly but the younger one was just a tad bit faster in finishing the word first, so she came to sit in Jim's lap first.

Jim held Ayaka in his lap as she picked the book titled Big Bear Small Bear. It was the Bearstein's book.

She looked expectantly at him for most of the words, but from time to time, she got used to the pattern and stated Big Bear or Small Bear on her own. Jim rubbed her back and stated how smart she was which only made her beam even more.

As she finished each page, her older sister asked her, "May I see?"

Jim couldn't believe how quickly the girls were actually learning the phrases he threw their way. They had already managed to learn how to ask to use the bathroom in less than two lessons, and could not ask to read first and to see the picture in less than one lesson! They were some of the smartest students he had taught so far, especially the younger one.

Jim then told Ayaka to go sit down while he called Erika over for her turn to read.

Ayaka nodded and quickly crawled away to her original seating space. She was quite bubbly sitting there, but every few minutes rising up on her knees and then settling down again. She was so piped up on something it was like she had a bowl full of sugar before coming to class. Jim needed her to settle a little bit so he could teach the lesson.

Once Erika was done reading, he called Ayaka over to sit in his lap for a moment.

"Do you want to sit in my lap the whole lesson?"

She shook her head no.

"Then, please settle down some, okay? You need to pay attention so you can understand." He had said this in Japanese.

She nodded, a few tears in her eyes.

He released her, and she put her hands in her lap emphasizing her desire to please him. And she sat on her bottom though she really was too excited to sit so still. Her brain was going a mile a minute.

The lesson then continued as he started to teach them to identify the second person.

"You are Jim," they both said in unison referring to Jim. "You are a boy. You are twen ee seben."

He nodded.

"You are Ayaka. You are Erika. You are girls. You are five and eight."

The girls smiled.

The lesson seemed to be going very well. Before he knew it, the girls were confident about how to say boy, girl, you are, I am, and their ages.

Then it was sadly time for them to leave for the day.

Day Three:

It was Wednesday again, and Jim heard the familiar pounding of steps up to his door. He opened the classroom door so that when they opened the outside door, they would see it was safe to come in to classroom. As they ran towards the room, they couldn't stop themselves from coming in.

"Ah... ah... ah...," Jim stopped the girls. "You forgot something," he went to the door of the classroom and called them over.

"What do you say when you come in?"

"Oh," they giggled.

Jim waited for them to collect themselves, and then started to say it, but they beat him to it.

"May I come in?" they both competed with each other to be first to ask.

"Yes," he chuckled lightly pointing at the reading carpet. "Go take a seat."

The girls ran to the carpet and sat waiting for him to come over to read to them. They loved this part of the lesson. They didn't know if they were really learning anything by reading with him, but they felt special for a few minutes, and they also felt like they could really read a few words by now.

"May I read first," they both yelled at the same time before Jim even got to the carpet.

Jim laughed lightly.

"I haven't even started the warm up yet," he told them. "We have to practice what you know first."

They giggled.

He then started to go over the things they had learned in the first two lessons.

Of course, now, the girls were very fluent in the asking phrases.

As they continued, the older of the girls was starting to hold her stomach.

*004*2013-06-03 14:01

Jim started to review the second person after they read a story each with his help, the younger one so familiar with the book she was reading that she only needed a word her or there told for her. You are Ayaka," he said to the younger one pointing at her. She then pointed at her sister and said, "You are Erika."

Jim was sure that they were going to get it rather quickly, and he had setup a computer game on two computers, one for each of them. The girls were very bubbly, and before they knew it, they were sitting in front of a very anime style learning game. It was called Pajama Sam.

He sat between them trying to help them get used to the controls of the mouse for the game. They thought the main character was pretty cute.

Erika seemed to be wiggling on her knees now, in the chair. But she was either having too much fun, or she was nervous about telling Jim what was wrong. He wasn't sure at first and let her wiggle a bit more because of course they might be excited by playing the game though the younger Ayaka was not even close to wiggling as much as the older child. But even though Erika was now wobbling side to side in discomfort, her face told a different story with a shining smile, brights eyes, and happy sounds escaping her mouth.

Jim let them continue playing through at least half of the lesson this time because he felt they had earned it with the progress they had made. He thought that maybe the next lesson, he might even start teaching them to recognize small words and sounds.

Erika put her left hand in her lap, or maybe even squeezed herself for a moment, he wasn't sure.

"Erika?" he called her. "Do you want to use the bathroom?"

She looked up at him not knowing what he was saying. That was evident in the way her head tilted up at him, and by her nervous smile as she sat there wiggling.

He then asked her in Japanese. "Do you need the bathroom?" but she shook her head no, and turned back to her game.

He shrugged.

Maybe she was just that excited, he wondered. He decided to just let her play since she said she was fine.

The girls really seemed to enjoy themselves, and it was at about five minutes before the end of the lesson, that he saw her not only shifting around a lot, but her hands were now buried into her crotch. He sighed.

"Erika, come here," he said in a low voice trying not to embarrass her too much since she was the older of two sisters, and her younger sister was in the same room.

He picked her up and carried out of the classroom and closed the door so he could have a private word with her.

"You need to use the bathroom," he said in Japanese.

She nodded.

"How old are you?" he asked her trying to make her realize it was not a good idea to put it off like that.

"Eight," she said looking down.

"Go in the bathroom, and remember, leave it unlocked in case you need help."

She nodded and ran into the bathroom in such a hurry that she left the door open because she had not pulled it completely closed.

Jim, however, didn't stay there, so he didn't see her pull down her pants or anything. He went directly in to check on the younger child to see if she needed help with her game.

When he heard Erika finish, he looked out of the classroom door at her, came right upon her.

She looked up at him nervously probably worried about what he thought of her, or if he might tell on her.

He made sure she washed her hands, and then he picked her up to talk to her.

"I know you are not a baby," he said so she wouldn't think he thought that of her. "But you are going to make your life difficult if you keep putting it off like that. I taught you the phrase so you can use it in class. Sometimes, I might have to say 'Wait a minute,' and if you put it off until you are about to wet, do you think you can a few minutes?"

She shook her head no.

"So please ask when you need to go, okay?"

She nodded.

He put her down and walked her into the classroom to get the kids ready to go home.

Saturday: The Fourth Lesson coming soon:

(By the way, names, actions, and a little bit of fantasy has been/ will be included to protect the innocent, but this is based on a series of real events that has happened)

*007*2013-06-05 22:54

Saturday morning, the teacher had a special treat for his students. He prepared the classroom with a special puzzle like mat for the girls to sit on and had a special movie from America. These days, kids in America rarely watched this cartoon, and he was lucky that his friend even had it. But it was one of the Snoopy movies. He was pretty sure that the characters would talk slowly enough that the kids could understand a little bit of what was going on.

The girls came thundering up the stairs very excited to start the lesson. The door burst open as if a bomb had been attacked, and outside it, two bubbling little girls were smiling as they stared up at their teacher.

Jim walked over to where they were standing at the door, and bent down.

"How are you, today?" he asked them slowly.

"I'm happy," they both seemed to be in race to say it first.

They remembered the words he had taught them! He liked to teach the children I'm happy, sad, mad, tired, and sick because he didn't like the way that most eikaiwas taught it. It seemed that a lot of kids thought that:

How are you?

I'm fine thank you.

Was just a greeting. They didn't realize that they were really answering a question, so sometimes, he found sick people answering with the rote memorized words. He found tired kids saying they were fine, and he even found some adults doing the same mistakes. This had caused him to change how he taught this phrase to especially children. And already, after four lessons, they had at least learned the 'happy' one.

He smiled and waited for their next required phrases to come into the classroom.

"May I come in? in?" the echoed resulted from one girl being just a little slower than the other.

"Sure," Jim gestured at the childish puzzle mat which made the girl's eyes light up.

Jim walked over towards the carpet to prepare to start the lesson when suddenly the younger of the students, Ayaka, burst out.

"May I read first?"

Jim smiled.

"Excited to get started, huh?" he asked her. "Well, today, I'm going to read one book to you because afterwards, I have a special treat for you."

The girls stared up at him with bright shiny eyes, but he knew they didn't understand, so he said it in Japanese.

"What is it?" they asked in Japanese.

"I have an American anime. In America, we call it a cartoon."

They looked at each other.

Jim held up the video jacket. It had Snoopy on it.

"Do you know this character?"

Both of the girls shook their heads. There were plenty of Snoopy dolls around Japan, but no one had actually seen the cartoon, that Jim had talked to as yet.

"Well, this is...."

But before he could finish, they both said "SNOOPY!"

He chuckled.

"Okay, that's right. The dog is Snoopy. His owner is Charlie."

The girls smiled at him and started to dance around excitedly.

"Alright, have a seat and then we'll start."

The girls sat down where Jim first read a book to them, then he put chairs around the desk so they could be at the proper height to see the screen for the movie. He hadn't noticed it until then, but he suddenly saw a strange nagging look in Erika's eyes. She also held her side with her hand, or was it creeping over to her stomach?

He bent down to her, and he whispered to her.

"Are you okay?"

"I'm okay."

"Your tummy hurt?"

"A little."

Jim nodded. Maybe it was just a little problem? He didn't know if it was the bathroom thing again, so he asked.

"Do you need to go potty?"

She shook her head.

Jim then smiled and started the movie for them but kept an eye on her because he wasn't sure if she was sick, or if she was putting off going to the bathroom like had happened last time.

The girls seemed to watch the movie with interest. They squirmed a bit in their chairs, but their eyes were focused on the screen. They had big smiles on their faces, and it seemed like they were having a really good time!

A few minutes later, Erika held her stomach a bit more urgently, and she closed her eyes for a moment tightly as if in distress. It looked like she was really hurting.

Jim squatted next to her.

"Erika, are you sick?" he asked her.

She shook her head no.

"Your stomach just hurts?" he asked her sympathetically.

She nodded.

He wasn't sure what he should do. The class had another half an hour to go. Maybe he should call her mom and have them picked up early. He pulled out his phone, but she pulled at his arm and looked up at him with shining eyes.

"No," she said. "I'm okay, I promise."

He sighed. "Are you sure?" he asked.

She nodded and then moved her hand away from her stomach to try to convince Jim. Jim knew it was for show though and continued to keep a watch on her.

Her little sister, Ayaka was also staring at her. She could tell something was wrong with her sister, just like Jim could. Jim shook his head, but he let her watch TV a little bit longer.

When he noticed her hand reach her stomach again, Jim picked her up.

She looked up at him surprised.

He whispered to her. "It's okay."

He quietly carried her to the other room to have a private word with her.

"Do you think you are going to get sick?" he asked her.

She shook her head.

"Well, I'm not sure, but sometimes, if you have to poo, your stomach can hurt. Can you try to go potty for me?"

She nodded and went into the bathroom.

When she came out, she whispered.

"I feel better now, but I didn't poop. I'm sorry."

He knelt down by her.

"Did you do anything?" he asked her.

"I peed."

"Are you sure you feel better?

"Yes."

Actually, there was a difference that he could see. She was no longer even tempted to hold her stomach, and her smile was more natural. She was more or less relieved.

"Erika, you need to be careful, honey," he whispered to her. "If you keep putting this off, you're going to have an accident in class. You don't want that, do you?"

She shook her head no.

"Alright, let's go watch the show with your sister."

Ayaka was smiling when they came in, but she suddenly looked at her sister, studied her for a moment, and then the smile returned to her face as she turned back to the movie.

Jim had to watch the clock carefully because this movie would last 90 minutes, and the class was only 60. That meant he would have to stop it in the middle.

As the time approached to stop the movie, Jim patted both girls on the back.

"I'm sorry, but it's about time to go," he informed them.

They smiled up at him.

"If I still have this movie next week, we can finish it, okay?"

They nodded.

Then they were out the door.

{{: 

This is a great story! The girls sound so cute, I love your writing style, and BOY are you a tease. I like it. :P

}}

Thank you for your input!

{{: 

Wow! This is one of the meanest cliffhangers I've read in a long while!!

Your writing is very enjoyable to read, and I'd love to read more from you. :)

}}

Your response made me laugh. Thank you.

I appreciate your kind words.

It made me laugh because I didn't think of the cliffhanger on purpose! I just happened to run out of time and ideas at that point.

*009*2013-06-07 15:03

{{: 

What exactly is going on here?

}}

I don't know how to reply to you, because I don't understand the attitude of your question. If you are off put because you don't understand, then please read the story again. I think it's self explanatory. If you are angered because you think the teacher or parents is doing something to the kids, I don't think either one is. Well, I know the teacher isn't. LOL. I think the kids are just forgetting about certain things because they are having fun with something else. Too interested in the fun thing to want to stop or take a break for even something important like that. It happens.

You are NOT supposed to be aroused by this story. It is written only for its cute factor. I rarely think of even pee as an arousal thing, and especially with kids, that is just sick. Kids are not sexual toys, if that's what you were thinking I was hinting at. No, I completely detest anyone that would use a kid that way! The story is supposed to be a cute story, not a sexual one. Does that clear it up? Otherwise, I'm not sure what you mean by your question.

*011*2013-06-07 21:13

{{: 

I completely agree on how cute and innocent the girls are, but it's kind of hard to understand what they are thinking from just the teacher's point of view. So is there a more direct way to show what the girls are feeling or thinking?

}}

So it would be better to write it from the girls' point of view or to somehow include the girls' point of view in the description.... I see. I will think about that for my next post. Thank you for clearing up the confusion for me.

Maybe I should write a scene from each person's point of view, separately? Would that do the trick?

*013*2013-06-09 00:09

Innocent Girls

What is an innocent girl to you? Is she clueless about the dangers of the real world? Is she pure in heart? Is she a nice person? Maybe she just give that cute little look that makes your heart melt, but there seems to be more to her than you know. Whatever you may think, here is the story of what I call Innocent Girls.

“Hurry up, mommy!” the girl spoke in her primary language trying to hurry her mother. She was so excited about this special day! She couldn’t believe that she was finally old enough that her mother would trust her to come to English class. She knew a few people already that went to English since the year previously, but apparently her mom didn’t think that English was important or cool before. She didn’t care what the reason was now, it was just enough that her mom was taking her to her first lesson ever.

The little girl had a sister, who was about four years younger than she was. Because there was no one to watch her sister, of course, that meant she had to come along with the pair of them, but she didn’t care. If her sister joined in the lesson, it might even be more fun!

The mother and two girls arrived at the door to the small apartment-like place. The outside was plain, and seemed in every way, like a normal apartment. The mother had double checked though, and they knew they were at the right place.

“Mommy! Do you think I will be able to start speaking English from today?”

“Only time will tell,” her mother smiled at her. “Why don’t we go in and meet the teacher?”

She nodded.

“Oh, and Erika! Be a good girl during the lesson. Be polite and remember to do what the teacher asks of you, okay?”

The eight year old girl nodded. She was so excited!

Her sister, Ayaka, was also kind of bubbly thinking that something exciting must be going to happen to make her sister so cheerful. She adored her sister, and anytime her sister thought something was cool, she wished she was big enough to join her sister in participating, but normally, her sister did big girl things that her mother said she just wasn’t ready for. That saddened her some, sometimes.

The mother knocked at the door.

A rather large bear-like foreigner opened the door with shaggy brown hair, clear blue eyes, and some hair on his face that emphasized his bear-like shape and size. The younger girls took a step back at first. But somehow, his face was friendly. His eyes were not meeting the mother’s eyes at first. They were down at the level of the sisters, as he bent his knees to greet them.

“I am Jim,” the man told the girls. “If you learn English here, I will be your teacher.”

Whatever he was saying, Erika could barely understand a word or two, he certainly looked like someone that could be trusted. Then he straightened up, and looked into the mother’s eyes.

“Good evening,” he used English yet again. The mother responded in English.

Erika found the language that he was using very interesting, and she was even more interested to know that her mother had understood what he was saying and doing. She wanted in on the secret of their communication. She was so excited that her body was trembling, or maybe she was also nervous and scared that English would be too difficult. She really couldn’t make up her mind.

Ayaka then realized that maybe the things that her sister did were too hard for her after all. She didn’t understand a word that the man had said to them, and secretly wondered if her older sister had caught on as she put her first finger of her left hand towards the corner of her mouth, but didn’t put it in her mouth.

“May I come in?” Jim said to the little girls.

They both looked up at him. What was he saying to them? Why was he looking at them as though he was expecting an answer of some kind? Didn’t he know that they didn’t know anything yet? Erika looked from him to her mother. She smiled at her daughter and whispered.

“He wants you to say what he’s saying.”

She smiled feeling foolish now. Of course he wanted her to copy him. Teachers normally want you to copy them until you knew what you were doing. But now, she had forgotten the words he had said, so she looked up at him for a hint.

“May,” he started slowly giving them a chance to copy him word by word.

“May,” both girls copied him with bright eyes.

“Come in?” he finished and they copied him.

He then opened the back door through a tiny hall and they saw a small room set up with computers, a reading rug, some desks with books and stuff that was probably for teaching them, and some other things that he immediately handed to their mother.

“Sit down,” he said which immediately, Ayaka had done. She had learned that one in kindergarten because at her school, an English teacher often came to play games and teach them simple things. Erika uneasily followed suit with her sister.

Jim sat in front of the girls, not at a desk, but on the floor at their level. He had picture book which was kind of interesting. Erika had heard from her friends about English lessons, and no one had ever mentioned a picture book being read before. Still, she found herself getting curious now.

The book was a little bit hard to understand in some places, but the pictures were funny with bears as the main theme. Apparently, the bears were so silly that they couldn’t figure out that the small clothes and small things wouldn’t fit the big bear until they tried them on. This really made her want to giggle inside because even though they are cartoon bears, it seemed silly that they didn’t know what was obvious.

Ayaka had a big smile on her face! She squirmed a bit as she watched him. Yeah, she kind of wanted to use the bathroom, but she didn’t care about going right now. She wanted to see what else the big bear was going to try to put on that wouldn’t fit.

After the Silly Bear book, Jim pointed at himself and started something different.

“I am Jim,” he said.

Erika and Ayaka looked at each other. They weren’t sure what he was getting at. Ayaka had learned to say her name in English in her kindergarten classes, but she had always learned it as: My name is Ayaka, so this was not anything like that.

“I am Jim,” he said again. Then he pointed at the older child thinking she should catch on first. Well, that did make sense, Erika thought, but she still wasn’t sure what he was saying.

Jim smiled. He then said Jim pointing to himself.

Ayaka caught that one! That’s what the English teacher did at her school the first time!

“My name is Ayaka!” she cried out excitedly thinking that she actually knew what was going on now.

Jim smiled at her. “Good job!”

Erika realized that because of his smile and his approval of her sister, that her sister had said the right thing, so she mimicked her.

“My name is Erika,” she said.

“I am Jim,” he repeated.

They looked at each other. Was this some trick? Had they been taught wrong?

“I am Jim,” he repeated. After he had repeated it, he decided a little Japanese would help, so he said it in Japanese.

“Oh!” Erika caught on! “We were taught ‘My name is Erika,’ but he is teaching us ‘I am Erika.’ Now I get it!” She had said this in Japanese not sure if Jim understood her completely, but in any case started to repeat his English.

Ayaka, with her sister’s explanation, nodded and also started to repeat his expression.

“Now, why would I teach you I am, instead of my name is?” he asked the girls in Japanese.

They shrugged.

“Can you say, my name is six?” he asked them.

Erika almost laughed. How silly!

“Can you say, my name is happy?” he asked Ayaka.

Now, Ayaka smiled and actually did let a small laugh escape. By now, she had completely forgotten that she wanted to use the toilet. She was too interested in what he was trying to teach them.

“I am forty-two,” Jim said using fingers to show forty- and then two.

Both of the girls caught on to that very quickly! They had seen that at school.

“How old are you?” he asked in English.

Ayaka understood what he wanted even though the words still were new to her.

“Fibe,” she said with a smile.

Erika counted on her hands for a minute using English words, then said “eight-oh.”

Jim smiled at them, but there was something in his face which was not complete approval. He wanted something more. Erika was sure of it.

“I am five,” he tried to coach Ayaka.

“I ah fibe,” she tried to repeat.

Erika caught on, but forgot the word for her age again. When she responded it came out as, “I am… um… eight.”

Jim smiled. “Good,” and this time, he had that fully approving look on his face that Erika was seeking.

He then had them practice.

“I am Jim.”

“I am Erika.”

“I ah Ayaka,” they had all taken turns.

Jim then stood up, and he looked very seriously at them.

“Now, there is something I want you to learn that is important in this class,” he said which made both girls look at him hard as they tried to show that they were taking him seriously.

“How do you ask for something you want in English?” he asked them in Japanese.

They both looked at him for a moment, Erika clearly not knowing what he wanted them to say.

“What if you have to use the bathroom?” Jim asked them.

The girls looked at each other, and then their mom. Now, Ayaka was aware again of her bladder, but she wasn’t sure if she should ask right then, and it looked like he was going to be teaching them how. She waited for him to tell them the phrases.

“May I?” he looked at them with that look that Erika knew meant to repeat. Ayaka, automatically repeated after her sister.

“May I come in?” Jim started to teach them.

They copied him starting to learn how to ask first, things that were not even related to what Ayaka wanted, but she stayed quiet about her needs and just tried to be patient.

“May I play?” he taught them second which was actually something they both very much wanted to know when he explained that if they asked him, that sometimes they could play a computer game.

He suddenly broke into a silly song and dance with May I, or more like a change with some kind of dance, which made the girls laugh. Erika and Ayaka were both having a great time as he taught them to ask to drink something, to be the first one to read a story, to come in and leave, and finally how to ask to use the bathroom.

Ayaka was starting to wonder if they were ever going to get to that point as she started to wiggle and bounce around. But before she could even say anything, Jim set up a computer for them to play while he talked to their mom about how the lessons would work.

Ayaka decided that she could wait a few more minutes and happily played the game while he was talking to her mom because she didn’t want to interrupt the adults and be rude.

Erika pointed and clicked around the scene that was before her, but really didn’t understand the point yet. What was she looking for? What was the point? The character kept saying things in the game, and some of the clicks produced entertaining results, but the point was still beyond her grasp at the moment.

Ayaka pointed at things with her finger for her older sister to click on, though by now, she could feel a slight burning sensation as the slippery juices started to ooze their way through her bladder door and into the tube that had to be squeezed extra hard to keep it from running into her panties. She finally walked over to mom and quietly whispered into her ear in Japanese.

“Mama, I have to go to the bathroom really bad!”

“Well, ask the teacher as he taught you, and then go,” she said to her small child.

Ayaka was uncertain about doing this as she wasn’t really sure she even liked the idea of asking someone else to use the bathroom other than her mom to begin with, and this coupled with the idea she just learned about how to ask to use the bathroom in English kind of scared her. She hesitated.

“Go on,” her mom pushed her back lightly. “Ask him in English, honey.”

Ayaka took a small gulp as if trying to muster the courage to speak, and then she walked nervously up to the teacher.

“May I?” she looked up at him to get his attention.

Jim looked down at Ayaka. “Yes?”

“May I go a bassrum?” she asked not getting it quite right.

“Oh, sure,” he smiled. He bent down to her level, and looked so scary that she waited by impulse to see what he wanted to say.

“If you lock the door, and then have trouble, can someone help you?”

Ayaka shook her head no.

“So, I want you to shut the door, but don’t lock it, okay?”

She nodded.

“Okay, then, go.”

She looked up at him for a moment to make sure he was done, then she ran to the bathroom. She pulled it open and then pulled it closed as she walked into the small stall sized room. It couldn’t be much bigger than five feet square, but in Japan, everything was that small, and with the fixtures, that meant it was really less than 3 feet of walking space from the door to the toilet and the tub was right there!

She pulled her pants and panties down while still facing the toilet, turned around, and then scooted up until she could use the toilet to help lift her form onto it because she was still a little small to get up there on her own.

Still she managed, and she peed into the toilet like the big girl she was.

When she was done, she scooted off of the toilet, wiped herself while standing up and threw the dirty paper into the toilet before running out the door into the other room.

Jim smiled as she came back into the room where everyone else was. The lesson had finished by that time, and it was agreed that both girls, not just her sister would do the lessons. That made her smile even more as they started home.

(Rewritten the first part: From mostly girl's point of view)

How is this?

*015*2013-06-11 13:24

{{: 

Umm...no I wasn't talking about that. Yeah, I thought that the girls' parents are doing something to them. I fully understand the story and no, I am not angered by anything. I don't know what makes you think that!

}}

Sorry, I probably have a cynical view sometimes. I just didn't understand your question.

But yeah, no one is actually hurting them, that I know of. They are just being little kids.

