Just Let it Out ch1 - Page 3

Author: SashaButters

*050*2015-06-04 05:12

Emily Ketchum

1999-2011

COD: Poisoning

This was...Emily’s...death certificate?! Anna was shocked. Just what was going on? If Emily was dead...Who was this girl? With trembling hands Anna turned the page of the mysterious diary to find several pages filled with anothers writing not belonging to the original author.

“We were so filled with grief at the time, it seemed like a good idea. She had been getting better! It made no sense! How could this have happened? She had been complaining of sharp pains in her leg, but we paid it no mind. We just kept telling her to exercise through the pain. It would get better; she would get better. Finally after showing no real progress with her walking after a month we took her back to the Dr and he took X-rays. We couldn’t believe what we were seeing.

There was an entire Raticate fang in her leg and we had been making her walk with it embedded inside of her! He said it would be a simple surgery, not even a surgery a...procedure. He’d just pull it out and we’d be on a straight path to recovery. How could he not have known that it was like removing a Beedrill sting? You don’t squeeze and pull...but he did. He squeezed it with pliers and when he pulled it out...so much poison had come out...all into her. Emily...she immediately began seizing on the table and then...she stopped. Just like that...Emily...my precious Emily...was gone. It was the third hardest day of my life.

The first was watching my two baby girls getting separated. I wanted Delia to take them both, but it was impossible. She already had Ash to look after so she took Emily, and Amy went to my room mates older sister. I had planned on returning to school after giving birth, but after taking one look at Emily I knew I could never leave her. I wanted to keep her; I wanted to keep them both as soon as I saw them but I couldn’t. I was only 17...there was no father in the picture. How could I raise two babies by myself? I didn’t have what it takes to be a mother. It broke my heart watching Delia leave with little Emily, but I knew it was for the best. The first time I heard Emily call Delia “mommy” crushed me.

I was so overcome with jealousy I had to leave. I stopped coming around as often as I watched Emily grow up from the side lines. Things got better when I had my son four years later, but there was still that hole in my heart that ached with “What ifs?” What if I had kept her? Did I really have to give both of them away? Why hadn’t I just kept Emily and given Amy to Delia? Would the same thing have happened even if I had Emily? Would my heart have longed for Amy as well? No, I know that never would have worked. The one that went to Delia would always wonder why she wasn’t wanted. Which was exactly why we agreed to not tell Emily. It was best if she grew up believing she was Delia’s child. As much as it hurt me to listen to her call some other woman “mom” I knew it was for the best; but even knowing didn’t stop the pain.

Suddenly out of the blue Delia called me wanting to come over and bring...baby supplies? I’ve always been a bit of a hoarder so she knew I must have some of Tommy’s old things stored in a box somewhere, which I did. I put a bag together with sippy cups, bottles, pacifiers and a changing mat, grabbed Tommy away from his video games and headed over. I was shocked by what I saw. The poor thing looked horrible. Dark circles under her eyes, thin as a rail and the poor girl was even back in diapers. Well, that explained the changing pad. I handed over the bag of supplies as Delia pulled out a bottle and filled it with water before handing it over to her.

Why a bottle I had wondered, until I saw the girls arms shake something horrible as she tried to raise it to her mouth only to end up dropping it. The girl looked so pitiful and frail I just wanted to hold her in my arms and bottle feed her myself. I asked Delia about the pacifier and she explained Emily cried just like a newborn whenever she used her diapers and that she needed something else to focus on during the process. I couldn’t blame her though, it didn’t sound pleasant but taking one look at Emily; I could see how getting her to and from the bathroom in time would be out of the question.

Emily told me about the noises in the walls as I smiled and nodded politely worried for her mental health. Delia told me about the bites on her, but I’d never heard of that causing something like this. Suddenly a quiet moan escaped her mouth as she curled into a ball from under her blanket. I watched her and began growing concerned, but Delia just sighed and told her to stop holding it. She complained she did not want to do it in front of everyone and that’s when I realized what was happening, or was about to happen anyway. I gave her a sympathetic smile and excused myself to the kitchen to go check on Tommy only to see him standing in awe as the kitchen was being overrun by little purple mice. Tommy made a motion to return to the living room, but I grabbed him by the collar and shook my head as Emily’s cries grew louder until all was quiet and Delia said we could come back.

To say Delia looked shocked would be the understatement of the century as her face paled at what Tommy had unleashed inside her kitchen. She did ask him to flush it out after all; but I think she had only been expecting one. Suddenly we began hearing a strange noise coming from the walls themselves as Emily exclaimed that’s what she had been talking about. This couldn’t be good I thought as I took a seat back on the sofa as we all sat quietly in the living room listening to what I could only imagine was a tiny army of marching feet.

We all jumped about a foot in the air when the phone rang and the town Dr. only confirmed my suspicions about the house's occupants. Suddenly out of nowhere, the power went out throwing the whole room into a frenzy. There on the chair in front of Emily, was a huge Raticate that hissed and bared it’s teeth at her. I was about to lunge forward but Delia surprised me and charged wielding a stellato as she smacked that rat into oblivion. I reminded myself not to make that woman mad as we quickly collected what we needed too as I ushered them out the door to my house…”

So many questions filled Anna’s head. Emily couldn’t have died...she was right outside the bedroom door and...Oh crap Anna thought as she hid the diary under her pillow. She’d have to read the rest later. Something told her this family wouldn’t be thrilled if they caught her snooping.

“Alright you two.” Rachel said entering the room with Emily in tow before closing it behind her. “Who wants to go first? I think you’ll be easier.” She said motioning for Emily to sit at the desk as she pulled on another pair of gloves. “Show me everywhere you’ve got it.”

“My left hand and around my mouth and face.” Emily said closing her eyes as Rachel began spreading the purple colored goop along the irritated areas. After coating her palm and in between the girls fingers she instructed Emily to wear a latex glove to keep the ointment on and prevent the rash from spreading.

“How about you go hang out with your mom for a bit? I know she’s really missed you.” Rachel said giving her a playful shove towards the door. “You can come hang out with your friend later.” Emily gave Anna a pleading look asking for her to make a case for her, but Anna just shrugged.

“I’ll be fine alone for five minutes.” Anna said with a grin as Emily sighed in defeat as she realized she wasn’t needed anymore sending her one last look and walking out the door.

“I’m going to take the sheet off now.” Rachel said once Emily was gone as she pulled it away exposing the naked girl again. “Start listing everywhere you’ve got it; don’t spare the details.”

“Right hand, and everywhere down there.” Anna said with a sigh. “I used it as toilet paper.”

“Mmm.” Rachel said trying to hide her laughter. “I’m sorry, you’re probably in a lot of pain. Do you need the bathroom before I put this on? Once I put it on i’m going to wrap it up in something that will hold the ointment in place on your skin and it needs to stay on for several hours. I’d prefer you try and go now so I don’t have to reapply this again later.” Rachel said as she began digging for something in the closet.

“Oh, umm, okay.” Anna said as she tried to lift herself off the bed and groaned.

“Woah, woah, where do you think you’re going?” Rachel said gently pushing her back down on the bed once she saw her trying to get up.

“The bathroom.” Anna groaned with her eyes clenched shut from the pain.

“I’ve got your bathroom right here.” Rachel said holding up something in a black pouch. “Unless you need to do more than pee.”

“No, just need to pee.” Anna admitted with a blush as she eyed the black pouch suspiciously.

“I’m not going to lie; it’s going to sting when you go.” Rachel said as she unzipped the pouch and pulled Emily’s old urinal out. “So go as quickly as possible, i’ll clean you, and then begin applying the ointment which should relieve the burn right away. Open your legs again and i’ll slide this against you.” Rachel said as Anna’s face changed from red to slightly purple as she slowly did as she was told thankful the woman had shoved Emily out.

“Mrmmgh.” Anna moaned once it came in contact with her skin. She let a few drops out once Rachel said it was ok to go, but stopped immediately from the pain. “Ahh!! I can’t do this; it hurts!”

“Well this will teach you not to forget toilet paper next time.” Rachel said. “You haven’t even gone at all; I need you to go more. Just try and let it out all at once; it’s only going to hurt worse if you keep starting and stopping.”

“Argh.” Anna moaned in pain as she tried relaxing once again.

“Just give it a push.” Rachel suggested as she held the girls thrashing legs down after Anna nodded and strained as she began to fill the bottle Rachel held between her legs as Anna yelled obviously in too much pain to be embarrassed. “That a girl; good job.” Rachel praised once Anna had finished. Rachel quickly replaced the bottle with a wet wipe as she cleaned off any excess urine off of the girls skin before she began applying the ointment.

Anna breathed a sigh of relief when the goop made contact with her skin instantly relieving the stinging and burning relieving herself had caused. “What is that stuff?” Anna mumbled as she spread her legs wider to allow Rachel access everywhere.

“It’s one of Emily’s homemade recipes. Pretty handy stuff, huh?” Rachel said beaming with pride.

“Feels so good.” Anna mumbled until she felt a finger insert itself inside of her as she let out an eep.

“Sorry, have to spread it everywhere.” Rachel said. “Since it burned so much with peeing it means you got it inside of you as well.” she explained as she twisted her goop covered finger around inside the entrance of Anna’s hole who was just glad the burning was subsiding. Suddenly a new powerful sensation took hold of Anna as she let out an unintentional moan. Rachel quickly removed her finger as she saw the effect it was having on Anna and worked at her inner thighs instead. Anna suddenly tried to grab herself but was thwarted by Rachel.

“What is that stuff?!” she moaned crossing and uncrossing her legs. “What’s it doing?”

“Why what’s wrong?” Rachel asked puzzled until she noticed what was going on between the girls legs.

“It-it tingles and it’s-it’s Ahh! It’s too much!” Anna moaned as Rachel blushed and stared wide eyed at the reactions it was causing to the young girls genitals that had begun to contract.

“I’ve never...seen this kind of reaction before.” Rachel muttered. “I’ve also never had to put it on anyones genitals either. Are you sexually active?”

“Yes.” Anna mumbled.

“Is this...making you...excited?” Rachel asked medically curious as Anna nodded grimacing. “That’s really interesting. I wonder if the same thing would happen if it was applied onto someone who wasn’t. Maybe if I had Emily…”

“This is torture!” Anna moaned while she tried to close her legs again, but Rachel held them open.

“Hmm…” Rachel said. “Just try and bear it, hopefully it will stop soon; it’s just going to start burning again if I wipe it off. Once I finish applying the ointment, I’ll wrap everything up. It will be cold so hopefully it will calm you down.” Rachel explained while the girl on the bed fought against Rachel and panted as her face flushed with different colors. “Just try and think of something else.” Rachel said as she went back to coating the girls inner thighs and bottom.

“Emily!” Rachel yelled when she was done. “I put something in the freezer for Anna! Would you bring it here please? My hands are gooey!”

“Yeah, sure!” They heard until a few moments later Emily opened the door and stuck her arm in handing Rachel a frozen...diaper?! “Alright, sweetie, this should help with the swelling and calm you down.” She explained as she unfolded it and slid it under Anna, whose eyes nearly popped out from the sudden cold. “You’re all set.” Rachel said after taping the garment around her waist and throwing away her gloves. “I know it’s a diaper, but don’t use it!” Rachel stressed. “You are going to be hurtin’ if you do.”

“Mmm.” Anna moaned as she shifted her weight around trying to focus on the coldness under her butt and in her crotch to relieve her desire for sex. “Thank you, Rachel…. for doing this.” She managed to say while the black haired woman covered her back up with a sheet.

“Don’t worry, once you’re feeling better, Delia will probably put you two to work in the restaurant.” Rachel said eliciting a groan from Emily.

“Don’t remember waiting tables being a part of nursing.” Emily complained under her breath.

“Fine, you want to play nurse? Start telling me what you did differently in this ointment.” Rachel said.

“What makes you think I did anything different?” Emily said crossing her arms. “Fine, I had an idea that if blood flow was increased to the affected areas then the healing time would be reduced.” Emily said as Rachel sighed and shook her head.

“That’s all good and well, but don’t you remember where Anna had to have it applied?” Rachel asked.

“Yeah, so?” Emily said looking puzzled as she stared at the pained expression on Anna’s face who continued to whimper and shuffle about.

“And do you know what happens when blood flow is increased to sexual organs?” Rachel asked sighing again when Emily shook her head. “Sit down; it’s time to talk.”

“About what?” Emily asked nervously as she took a seat on the edge of the bed next to Anna.

“Sex.” Rachel said rolling her eyes as the two girls on the bed simultaneously blushed. “Look.” She said after a sigh. “How do your lips feel after I rubbed that stuff on?” Rachel asked ignoring Anna’s question of “mine or hers?”

“They’re all tingly; It feels nice.” Emily said.

“Uh-huh, alright, now imagine that feeling down below.” Rachel said as Emily’s eyes suddenly went wide in understanding. “You just made an aphrodisiac, and judging from the amount of discomfort your friends in, a powerful one at that.”

“Sorry, Anna, I had no idea that would happen.” Emily said grimacing at the look of discomfort on her friends face.

“I’m going to kill you when I can move again.” Anna said rolling over onto her side so that her back was to Emily.

“Try and get some rest, dear.” Rachel said patting Anna’s head and removing the girls glasses before setting them on the nightstand next to her. “I don’t think I’ll need to remind you of the consequences and pain you would feel later if you try to touch yourself.” Rachel whispered into her ear knowingly causing Anna’s face to glow bright red. “Just try and put up with it.” She said dragging Emily out the door with her before closing it leaving Anna alone in the room. Once their footsteps could no longer be heard, Anna immediately grabbed her glasses off the table and broke out the diary again to continue reading.

###

“So tell me about your travels.” Mrs. Ketchum said from her spot on the couch with Namine in her lap purring away while Mrs. Ketchum lightly stroked her fur.

“I didn’t get very far.” Emily admitted with a grin. “Never got past the forest.”

“Did you get lost again?” Mrs. Ketchum sighed shaking her head while Emily shrugged. “So what happened to your friend? I didn’t even get to say hi.”

“She should be taking a nap.” Rachel said joining the others on the couch. “Poor thing tried to use poison oak as toilet paper.”

“Ooh.” Delia said grimacing. “What was her name, Emmy? You need to properly introduce me when she’s feeling better.”

“Yeah, I will.” Emily said taking a bite out of a sandwich. “Her name’s Anna.”

“Anna,” Mrs. Ketchum said thinking out loud. “Have I met her somewhere before? She looks familiar.”

“About that.” Rachel said clearing her throat. “Can I talk to you in private, Delia?”

Emily sat back as she watched the two women silently head to the back of the house as her moms bedroom door was opened and then closed. What was that about? Emily wondered as she went back to chowing down on her sandwich. She was about to ask Namine how her stay at the daycare was but was distracted by yelling coming from her moms room.

“She can’t stay here!” Mrs. Ketchum shouted while Rachel tried to shush her. “She can’t take my baby!”

“Delia, Emmy’s almost an adult now.” Rachel hissed. “She’s free to come and go as she pleases now; no one’s taking her. Look, I questioned her ok, she doesn’t recognize her anymore. Besides, where’s she going to go covered in poison oak?”

“Do you have any idea what her father could do if he found out!” Delia hissed back. “What if she figures it out?”

“From what? How could she possibly find out?” Rachel said calmly. “Izzy is dead, remember? It’s not like she’s going to suddenly come back and tell her what we did.”

“What about your grandfather, or the Dr.?”

“They are in just as much at risk as we are. They won’t tell.” Rachel said trying to comfort the woman.

“RACHEL!!!” Everyone heard yell from Emily’s room.

“I told her not to touch herself.” Rachel said with a sigh. “I’ll be right back, I need to go re-apply some ointment on our guests butt.” She groaned leaving and entering the girls room with Emily in tow. “Let me guess…” Rachel said smirking until she saw the glare on the brunette's face.

“You... took her... from me!” Anna screamed at the top of her lungs as her body shook with deep sobs. Rachel looked at her puzzled for a moment until she saw what she was holding in her hand.

“Anna, what’s wrong?” Emily asked concerned. She had never seen a look of such...hatred on her face before.

“Emmy, go visit the professor.” Rachel said blocking her from Anna before she found out anymore. “I need to have a chat with your friend.”

“But, Anna’s-”

“I SAID LEAVE!” Rachel screamed at the now startled girl who silently took off down the hall and out the front door. Rachel stood awkwardly in the doorway watching the girl as tears of anger slid down Anna’s face.

“Is-is that...Izzy?” Anna managed to choke out. “Tell me this is all a lie!” She screamed holding up the diary. Rachel sighed before closing the door behind her and barely avoiding the diary that was chucked at her head.

“Anna, try and calm down; I can explain.” Rachel said motioning with her hands half-way up and extended out. “How much do you know?”

“I know that your daughter died so you stole my sister.” Anna said gritting her teeth and glaring up at the woman.

“Anna, both Emily and Amy are my daughters.”

“Her name ...is Izzy!” Anna yelled bending over the bed and picking up her clothes.

“Anna...there were complicated circumstances involved.”

“Why?” Anna yelled as tears streamed down her face. “Why doesn’t she remember me?”

“Izzy is gone, Anna. She’s not coming back.” Rachel said sitting next to the girl on the bed.

“But...but I don’t understand. It-it said all you did was switch the bodies.”

“No, Anna.” Rachel said with a sigh. “We did something much worse than that. We regressed her to an infant and re-raised her as Emily.”

“But what I saw that night! I’ve never been able to shake the images of Izzy being impaled by a tree. Why are their no scars on her stomach? How did she end up with scars on her legs then?”

“We found faint traces of a hallucinogen in her system that night. I think you were all drugged. As for the scars, we faked them.” Rachel admitted. “We thought you were dead, Anna. We did what we thought was best for Izzy. From what I heard, isn’t it best she grew up with us away from your father?”

“Why-why didn’t you take me too!?” Anna sobbed collapsing back on the bed in a heap unleashing every emotion she had been bottling since the accident. “I lost everything! My mom, my dad, my sister! He just left me! He never even visited when I was recovering in the hospital!” She cried into her pillow leaving a trail of snot and tears into the fabric as Rachel silently rubbed the girls back and allowed her to vent. “Now I don’t know what to do!”

“What do you mean, sweetie? I know it’s not the same, but aren’t you two close? Wouldn’t you just feel closer to her knowing she’s your sister you’ve missed so much?” Rachel asked as Anna cried even harder.

“That’s why I don’t know what to do! I love her!” Anna choked out.

“I’m confused; isn’t that a good thing?” Rachel asked as she laid sideways wrapping her arms around the sobbing girl and bringing her closer as she gently stroked her hair.

“No! I’m IN love with her! She’s my girlfriend.” Anna choked out. “Now I find out she’s my sister!”

“Oh.” Rachel said as she stopped petting the girl’s hair and stared at her. “So that’s how she got poison oak in her mouth and fingers.”

“Why did you regress Izzy?” Anna asked after a few minutes of silence.

“We didn’t want her to experience the same pain we were in. Also I saw it as my second chance.” Rachel admitted after a moment of silence to think. “I missed both Izzy and Emily’s childhood because I was young. I wanted to keep them, but like the diary said, I was young and alone. I did what was best for them, but jealousy prevented me from getting any closer to Emmy until it was too late. When Emily died it came out of nowhere, and it crushed both myself and Delia. We made the choice out of longing for Emily even though we knew it would never be quite the same. She needed what we thought was a family and I needed a daughter. I’ve lived here with Delia since raising Emi- Izzy.” She said with a sigh. “It was like this time I got to be apart of both of them growing up. Of course it would have been different if we had known you were alive. By the time we saw you on the news it was too late.”

“Was she happy?” Anna asked as she tried her best to digest all this new information while Rachel nodded.

“We told everyone that she had had a stroke, and that berries had saved her life. That’s how she became so interested in them. Regressing her seemed to have opened up more of her brain to learn and absorb new things.”

“I can’t forgive you. You killed my sister, but I guess I can understand why you did it.” Anna said as she looked at Rachel with her swollen red eyes. “I guess it was better than growing up with my dad.”

“Just so you know, Izzy was adopted. You and Emily have no biological relationship.” Rachel said but Anna just shook her head. “Just something to think about.” Rachel said covering the girl back up with the sheet before making her way to the light and turning it off. “Anything you want?”

“Izzy.” Anna mumbled as she closed her eyes from the emotional exhaustion and fell asleep.

*054*2015-06-05 23:08

{{:

When I clicked thos link I expected just a fanfic, not something worth of a book x"D this is great! You're so creative, I'm so invested in this story :)

}}

Squee!

*056*2015-06-13 03:03

It had been three days since Anna had learned the truth of Emily’s identity. Her sister was alive and well, so why wasn’t she happy Anna wondered as she cleared away customers empty plates off the table. She shook her head trying to clear her thoughts and re-tied her hazel colored hair into a ponytail. She watched Izzy-or Emily- for a moment taking guests orders before heading with her tub of dishes to the restaurant's kitchen. Rachel hadn’t been kidding about Emily’s mom, well other mom, putting them to work; as soon as Anna could walk pain free she was handed a broom and told to make herself useful. She quickly got the feeling from Delia that she wasn’t welcome, but Rachel told her not to worry; she’d warm up to her eventually. At least Emily was in the same boat sort of. Anna much rather would have been waiting tables than doing dishes, but Delia probably figured she was rich and didn’t need the tips. Or she hated her; either one a possibility.

“You can’t avoid me forever.” Anna heard over the running faucet as she scrubbed away remnants of ranch dressing off a plate.

“I’m not avoiding you.” Anna said after turning around to find Emily with her arms crossed leaning against the entrance of the kitchen.

“You’ve been acting strange ever since we got here!” Emily said pinning up the new orders on the line and retrieving the next dishes to be brought out to the waiting customers.

“I just... have a lot on my mind right now.” Anna mumbled as she went back to work before Delia found her “slacking off” and found her something worse to do like cleaning the bathrooms or something.

“Then why won’t you talk to me about it?” Emily argued before leaving the kitchen and re-appearing a few minutes later with another ticket of orders. “If this is about my mom making you work consider it paybacks for your aunt making me clean toilets all day.” Emily joked as she shoveled ice into cups before filling them with various soft drinks.

“It’s nothing like that.” Anna said with a sigh before fanning herself and pulling her shirt out a few times to cool herself down in the hot and humid kitchen. She debated pushing Emily out of the way and sticking her mouth under the soda tap, but shook the thought away lest she find herself up on the roof cleaning out the storm gutters if word ever got back to the she devil-Emily’s mom. Second mom? Third mom? This was so confusing! Emily didn’t even realize she was adopted; let alone twice along with three different name changes.

“Then what?” Emily demanded turning to face her with a scowl. “You won’t even cuddle with me.”

“Friends don’t cuddle.” Anna pointed out.

“No one was even up last night and why have you been sleeping on the couch?” Emily asked as she picked up a large circular tray and began loading drinks onto it.

“Your bed’s too small for both of us.” Anna said turning her attention back to the many dishes that were beginning to pile up.

“Our beds are the exact same size! Tell me what’s wrong! What were you and Rachel talking about the other day?” Emily said clearly getting agitated. Anna just continued washing dishes and pretended she hadn’t heard her even though half the restaurant probably had. “Fine!” Emily yelled before grabbing her tray of drinks and heading out the doorway. Anna just sighed using her forearm to wipe the sweat out of her eyes.

Delia had made it abundantly clear the night Rachel had revealed everything that if she even breathed a word about this to Emily, or anyone, she’d put in her in a diaper lined with poison oak. Anna shifted uncomfortably at the thought for two reasons: the first of having poison oak down there...again and second: Delia had been in contact with her aunt and knew of her punishment methods.

Anna moaned in frustration as she wiped her face with her soapy water logged hands. Just what was she supposed to do? It was obvious she didn’t see Emily the same way anymore. How could she? She was her sister! True they weren’t blood related, but it was still way too weird. Whenever Emily tried to snuggle or kiss her all Anna saw was the Izzy of five years ago. It was clear she’d have to break up with her, but if she couldn’t tell her the real reason why, Anna doubted they could keep even their friendship. Anna’s eyes stung with tears. She didn’t want to lose Emily, and if she lost Emily, she’d lose Izzy all over again. She knew Rachel told her Izzy was gone, but how could that be? Izzy was right there in front of her!

Anna began to feel a knot forming in the pit of her stomach. She needed to get out of here! Anna untied her apron and tossed it a bin before making her way into the restaurant while ignoring Emily’s questions. Anna walked out the door and pulled out her cell phone and checked the time. It was still two hours before she was allowed to leave, but Anna didn’t care anymore. She’d have to face whatever punishment her aunt threw her way for leaving early; all Anna knew was that she couldn’t stay here anymore.

“You’re back early.” Rachel said looking up from her spot on the couch. “Delia let you out?”

“No.” Anna said making her way straight into Emily’s room to get her stuff packed. She grabbed her backpack out of the corner and started shoving all her laundry and personal items inside.

“You okay?” Rachel asked getting a look at Anna’s tear streaked face. “What’s wrong?”

“I can’t stay here.” Anna said continuing to pack up her stuff.

“You guys get in a fight or something?”

“I can’t see her as Emily!” Anna said collapsing onto the bed as her voice cracked with emotion. “I tried and I just...can’t. All I see is Izzy now!”

“Izzy is gone.” Rachel said slowly. “We’ve been over this.”

“So was Emily, but that didn’t stop you!” Anna shot back as she rolled over onto her stomach and began sobbing loudly into a pillow. “y-y-you h-have t-to t-tell her or i’ll lose her f-forever!”

“Anna, why did you take off like that? My mom’s pissed!” Emily said before stopping to see her girlfriend collapsed in a ball on her bed crying loudly.

“Anna, why won’t you tell me what’s wrong?”

“Emily,” Rachel said with a sigh “Now’s not a good time.”

“IT’S NEVER A GOO-” Emily started to yell becoming irate at being pushed to the side again.

“WE CAN’T DATE ANYMORE CAUSE YOU’RE MY DEAD SISTER!” Anna suddenly shouted making Emily freeze.

“WHAT? Anna...it’s me...i’m not your sister…” Emily said confused looking from Anna to Rachel.

“I thought you were dead this whole time and i’ve been so alone until I met you and then I fell in love with you but it turns out you died so they switched the bodies with your twin and your really my sister Izzy!” Anna babbled into the pillow while Emily stood confused.

“Anna...you’re talking crazy! You’re scaring me…” Emily said backing away while looking to Rachel for help. “What’s wrong with her?”

“You’re not the first Emily.” She suddenly heard coming from the ground. Emily looked down to see Namine entering the room to see what all the commotion was.

“What do you mean I’m not the first Emily? Of course I am...there’s only one of me. Stop it you guys, you’re scaring me. Rachel, tell me she’s talking crazy.”

“Show her the picture.” Anna said lifting her head off the pillow. “What’s she going to do, run away? She’s already moved out” Rachel bit her lip anxiously as she met the look of utter confusion on Emily’s face before sighing and digging through one of the drawers before emerging with an old picture.

“Please don’t be mad, Emmy…” Rachel said handing her the picture. Emily took it and stared for a full minute without uttering a single word. “Emmy…”

“I already knew I was your daughter; I’m not stupid. I pretty much figured that out when I was 13 and wasn’t getting my moms boobs.” Emily finally said looking up from the picture. “ We look almost identical; but who’s the other baby?”

“Well, I guess I should have figured you already knew. As for the other baby.” Rachel said before sighing. “That was your sister, Emily.”

“What do you mean? I’m Emily?” she said while Rachel shook her head.

“Emily died five years ago from Raticate poisoning.”

“But...I got bit...I got poisoned. I..I remember being sick and...and bottle fed!” Emily said wide eyed while Rachel went into the drawer and pulled out Emily’s death certificate. “I...I don’t understand! How am I alive if it says I died five years ago!?” She said looking at Rachel after examining the document. “This isn’t funny!”

“Emmy...You’re not actually...Emmy.” Rachel finally said looking at the startled girl sympathetically as she patted the side of the bed next to her motioning for her to join them.. “17 years ago I gave birth to two twin girls; Emily went to Delia and Amy, who was then re-named Isabella, went to the Silphs. Emily was poisoned badly and died during surgery five years ago. That same night there was a car accident along route one where you were pulled out of the wreckage.”

“No! This can’t be right! I’m Emily!” The distraught black haired girl yelled backing away. “This isn’t funny!”

“There was so much blood everywhere and the car was completely totaled. We thought you were the only survivor; so we took you home and used a Hypno’s Amnesia to forget everything. We switched the bodies and raised you from that point on as Emily. Don’t give me that look, please. We thought we were doing what was best.” Rachel said anxiously watching the girls reaction.

“That’s why we have to break up.” Anna mumbled.

“What! No, Anna...This can’t be real! I-I’m not your sister!” Emily said desperately. “W-we’re not even related! I was adopted!”

“She’s right you know.” Rachel said patting Anna’s shoulder, but Anna just shook her head.

“I’m sorry, Em, but everytime I look at you all I see is Izzy.” Anna said getting up from the bed and grabbing her backpack.

“But you’re not my sister!” Emily said desperately as her eyes filled with tears. “Please...no. I have no memories of you from before. You’re my girlfriend...please…I don’t care that they switched me and lied...as long as I have you-”

“Anna, please think about what I told you. Izzy is gone; she may be Izzy physically, but her personality, memories everything that would make Izzy Izzy is gone. You have to let her go.” Rachel said. “Just think about it. You’re going to have to choose between the memory of your little sister and your girlfriend.”

“I’ll think about it.” Anna said slinging her backpack over her shoulder. “I’m headed back to the pokemon center; I...need time to think this over.” She said before walking out the door.

“No, Anna, don’t go!” Emily shouted trying to chase after her, but Rachel held her arm. By the time Emily broke free Anna was gone. “ANNA! ….Don’t leave me.” She cried letting herself fall to the ground.

###

In ten minutes Emily was packed and ready to go; It would take about a day and a half on foot to get back to the pokemon center if she didn’t get lost. Ignoring Delia’s and Rachel’s attempts at getting her to stay the night; she grabbed Namine and took off on foot. She’d talk some sense into her then. How was this all even possible she wondered as she ran through the forest ignoring the bug catchers that wanted to battle. She wasn’t Emily? She was Izzy? Why did she remember being Emily? Why did she remember things from when she was little? Namine...Namine knew she thought as she dug through her pocket and released her pokemon.

“You! Start explaining.” Emily said as she kept up a brisk walk with Namine jogging by her side.

“I don’t really know. It was a long time ago, one day you were a different person by the same name. Except you were…”

“Except I was what?” Emily said as she pushed through the trail beating branches away and even passed a few Rattata without a second glance.

“A baby.” Namine said growling at the purple mouse just daring it to make a step closer. “You were a really big baby.”

“Thanks.” Emily said sarcastically rolling her eyes.

“No, I mean you were literally a baby in a girls body. You’d run into things, cry, throw tantrums, be bottle fed, changed, bathed, everything. Don’t you remember when Misty used to babysit you?”

“I do, but, all of that...wasn’t because I was sick?” Emily asked stopping to set up camp once it was too dark to see.

“No.” Namine said watching Emily try and fail to start a fire. “That’s just what they told everyone.” Once Emily finally got the fire started the two of them sat talking before she pulled out her sleeping bag and the two of them snuggled in for the night. As soon as the sun began to rise, Emily slowly crawled out from underneath the covers waking Namine in the process.

“Namine, come with me.” Emily said stretching. “I need you to be the look out.”

“Look out for what?” Namine said annoyed at being woken up so early.

“I need to go; I’ve been holding it since last night.” Emily said pressing her knees together.

“What do you need me for? Just go.” Namine said curling back in a ball on the ground.

“But-but the bushes might have Rattata.” Emily moaned crossing her legs for emphasis.

“Then don’t go in the bushes.” Namine said. “There’s no Rattata here.”

“I can’t just...ugh fine.” Emily mumbled as she looked around in all directions to make sure no one was coming before pulling her pajama bottoms down to her knees and squatting. “This is actually kind of fun.” Emily admitted listening to the loud pattering of liquid landing onto the dead leaves below her as she watched it flow down in a stream changing paths with every obstacle it came in contact with.

“You are way too easily amused.” Namine said with a yawn while watching her master completely transfixed watching herself pee before finally getting up and walking over to relieve her own bladder.

“I’m ready when you are.” Emily said after changing back from her pajamas into her jeans and slipping her shoes on. They continued on with their hike for several more hours stopping every now and then to rest or to collect some kind of foliage she thought might make a useful ingredient for her plant experiments. “Ugh, I’m so tired!” Emily moaned dragging her feet inside the pokemon center when they finally made it back. “I’m going to kill Anna for leaving me back there without a ride.” She said as she made her way the elevator. Emily bit her lip anxiously as she rode to the third floor in silence as she waited to see if Anna had come to a decision yet. She peeked her head down the hallway to find the door to Anna’s room ajar. “I’ll grill her later.” Emily said to herself as she headed toward the room. “For now I just want to sleep!”

When Emily pushed the door open all the way and turned on the light her mouth dropped open. She stared wide eyed at the now empty room. Quickly Emily darted to the closet to find all of Anna’s clothes and possessions gone. “What…” Emily said in confusion as she walked to the now bare bed and picked up a note left behind along with a certain black card.

Emily,

I’ve gone back home to Saffron City to take over Silph Co in my father's place. Please don’t come looking for me. In exchange I won’t tell anyone what your family did. I know you’ll make a great nurse someday.

- Anna

“No no NO!” Emily screamed ripping the note to shreds and collapsing on the ground in a crying heap. “Anna...why? Why couldn’t we talk about this! Why didn’t you wait for me!” Emily said curling into a ball on the floor.

“You weren’t supposed to be back so soon.” Nurse Joy said with a sigh standing in the open doorway as she watched the distraught girl awkwardly.

“Why!?” Emily yelled without turning around. “Why didn’t you stop her?” Emily slightly flinched when she felt a hand on her back a minute later as a figure lowered itself onto the floor next to her.

“They found her father’s body this morning. Officer Jenny said it was a suicide.” Nurse Joy explained.

“Why?” Emily asked looking up.

“I guess Silph Co’s been in a financial crisis for years.” Nurse Joy said. “He probably knew he was in trouble and decided to take the easy way out. That man always had an issue with pride. Couldn’t handle that he was shooting blanks, couldn’t handle his family was leaving and couldn’t handle his company going bankrupt.”

“Shooting blanks?”

“No sperm.”

“I know what it means.” Emily mumbled. “I meant how was he Anna’s father?”

“Anna was also adopted.” Nurse Joy explained. “Just like you were, Izzy.”

“So she told you.” Emily mumbled turning back around. “Don’t tell me Rachel’s her mom too.”

“Rachel called me after you left and explained, and no, Rachel’s not her biological mom; I am.” Nurse Joy admitted. “ I was pregnant at 16 and gave the baby up to my older sister and her husband, who couldn’t conceive. Four years later I convinced my roommate to do the same with you after she admitted she had tried to make herself miscarriage.”

“I feel so wanted.” Emily said sarcastically.

“You should, from what it sounds like you had three different moms fighting over you. Now c’mon; get off the floor.” She said physically picking up the 100 lb girl up by the armpits and half walking and half dragging her over to the bed.

“Why didn’t she say good bye?” Emily said as tears fell down her face. “Why couldn’t she even break up with me properly?!”

“Losing you was very hard on Anna. You two were very close as kids so for her to find out you’ve been alive all this time and not remember her. I think it’s probably too hard on her to have you so close but not be able to have what each of you want.” Nurse Joy said tucking her new niece in.

“What do I do?” Emily asked numbly.

“You move on. You do the internship as planned with or without her.” Nurse Joy said. “I’ll give you the weekend, but come Monday morning you start the program.”

*060*2015-06-17 08:07

“Emily!” The whole hallway heard as someone pounded on the girl’s bedroom door. “Wake up!”

“Mmm.” Emily groaned pulling the blanket over her head. “I’M COMING!” She yelled after the incessant pounding continued. Emily slowly sat up taking her time to stretch and rub the sleep out of her eyes. “Sasha...what?” She growled after opening the door to find the brown haired girl standing in the hallway smiling. “You know I’m not a morning person.”

“It’s already 10:30!” Sasha said rolling her eyes and pushing past the half asleep teenager as she sat on her bed. “You were up late playing with your plants again, weren’t you?” She tsked taking in the disarray of the once tidy room that looked more like a nursery for plants than a teenage girls dorm room.

“I think I finally *yawn* found the right combination to ward off bug pokemon.”

“They already have those...they’re called repels...you can buy them across the street.” Sasha said slowly.

“But those ward off all pokemon not to mention they’re full of harmful chemicals.” Emily said as she began listing off one after another.

“Yeah okay, hippie, I got it. All natural and organic.” Sasha said rolling her eyes. “This is why no one wants you as a roommate.” She teased looking around at all the potted plants and flowers.

“You’re just jealous because I got to keep this room.” Emily said sitting on the chair and stretching before opening the blinds to her window and gazing out over Cerulean City.

“That’s because you pretty much claimed it as your own by refusing to leave it for 5 days after Ann-” Sasha started to say, but stopped as she saw Emily visibly freeze after hearing that name. “Sorry.”

“Don’t be, I’m over it.” Emily said refusing to make eye contact as she kept her gaze out the window.

“Then how come you refuse to talk about it, huh? All you do is work and then lock yourself in your room with your plants.” Sasha said rolling over to stare at Emily’s back. “You need to go on a date.”

“I don’t talk about it because there’s nothing to talk about. We dated for four months, she left, big deal.” Emily said with a shrug. “It’s been two years.”

“As your best friend.” Sasha said standing up and putting an arm around Emily, who raised her eyebrows at her. “I think you need to get out; there’s other girls out there.”

“I’m not into girls.” Emily said for what felt like the millionth time.

“So sleeping around with Anna was what, an experiment?” Sasha said with a coy smile.

“Who said we were sleeping together?” Emily said hiding her blush.

“Escape ropes...chocolate syrup...hicky’s the size of-” Sasha whispered in her ear giggling.

“Okay, okay, we might have done...stuff.” Emily said shrugging the older girl off.

“Details, please.” Sasha said throwing herself on Emily’s bed and resting her chin in her hands. “This is the most you’ve ever been willing to talk about her without getting all mopey and depressed.”

“There’s nothing to talk about, and I do not get mopey and depressed.” Emily said brushing her bangs out of her face. “I was a little upset at first but-”

“Five. Entire. Days.” Sasha said holding up her hand. “I think you were more than a LITTLE upset.” Sasha said taking in Emily’s crestfallen features. “You know if you ever need to talk about it.” Sasha added a little gentler.

“There’s nothing to talk about.“ Emily repeated again cutting her off and turning away to hide her face as she heaved a heavy sigh. “Besides, you just want to know if we sixty-nined.”

“That’s not true. You were a wreck and I think you hide yourself in your work so you don’t think about her.” Sasha said studying her friends facial features once Emily finally turned back around. “You really loved her didn’t you.”

“I really don’t want to talk about it.” Emily mumbled wiping at her eyes. “It’s embarrassing.”

“What is?”

“Because it’s been two years! Two years! I should be over her! I shouldn’t still be thinking about her when I fall asleep wondering what she’s doing or if she remembers me! I shouldn’t miss the way she’d tease me when I was feeling self conscious or hold me when I was upset.” Emily said wiping her eyes before tears had a chance to run down her face. “I haven’t seen her, or talked to her in two years!”

“C’mon.” Sasha said pulling Emily down onto the bed. “You’ve been bottling this up for too long.”

“I’m sorry, really I’m fine. It’s just stupid. I don’t know why it still hurts after all this time. What do I expect? She’s running a major business now; she probably doesn’t even give me a second thought anymore.” Emily said staring up the ceiling twirling her now shoulder length hair around a finger.

“She cared enough to leave you that card.” Sasha said. “Anything you could ever want for free and yet you still pick berries in the field trying to come up with alternatives.” Sasha said shaking her head.

“I’m trying to make antidotes for both humans and pokemon. My sister died when she was ten to a poisoning that had no cure at the time.”

“I’m sorry.” Sasha said. “I didn’t know you had a sister.”

“Heh, I didn’t either.” Emily mumbled before sitting up and walking over to the desk to pull out a jar of green goop. “If you really want to help; stick out your arm.”

“Uh-uh! No way!” Sasha said springing to her feet. “Remember the last time you tried to use me as a guinea pig.”

“So you got a little diarrhea, big deal.” Emily smiled walking towards her with the jar of goop.

“A little diarrhea?! I lost 8 pounds in three days!” Sasha said eying the jar suspiciously. “I’m almost out of sick days thanks to you. You never did tell me what that was supposed to be.”

“A gentle laxative.” Emily said smiling innocently while she stirred the contents of the jar with a wooden tongue depressor.

“Gently my ass.” Sasha grumbled. “You better remember me when you're rich from all this stuff.”

“And thanks to you I now know to only use half a lippan berry instead of eight.” Emily said. “Stick out your arm.”

“No way!” Sasha said backing away. “Tell me what you're testing that for first.”

“An energizer. Supposed to help give you more energy and help you focus. Name your price.”

“Take my weekend shift so I can see my boyfriend.” Sasha said as Emily frowned.

“I meant from the mart.”

“No way. You can’t buy me with a few free items. You want me to be your test subject; you have to work for it.” Sasha said crossing her arms.

“Fine.” Emily said after a moment’s thought as Sasha reluctantly stretched out her arm so Emily could apply the green goo to the inside of her forearm.

“So...did you guys really...sixty-nine?” Sasha asked giggling as Emily rolled her eyes.

###

“Idiot.” The 23 year old woman mumbled from her seat in front of her large desk as she watched the security footage of a certain pokemon centers room. “I never stopped thinking about you.”

*066*2015-06-25 08:31

Anna Silph sat at the massive desk with her head resting in her hand as she listened intently to her CFO feeling more and more overwhelmed with every passing second. She fanned herself for a brief moment with some files on her desk before unbuttoning the top of her blouse to get some air. Even if the twenty-three year old was only there for show; this job was more than she could handle she thought as she stared at the presentation with a blank face.

“As you can see if we don't do something soon Silph Co will become bankrupt in less than five years.” The man said as he finished reading his report.

“I thought Silph Co was the only manufacturer around? What did my father do with all the money?” Anna asked as she tried to make sense of all the graphs and charts that could have been in a completely different language for all she knew. Three years ago she was just a med student, but since her father's suicide she was suddenly thrust into this position overnight. How she had become the new face for Silph Co she’d never understand. Everything had happened so fast that one night. With the death of her father she had inherited his, what she thought at the time, billion dollar company only to realize that it was going downhill fast.

“A large chunk of it was being funneled into Team Rocket. With Silph Co no longer being affiliated with them it gives us about an extra two years before we go under. Millions were also paid in fines and damages to cover the cost of your father’s crimes, not even mentioning bribes over the years to keep people quiet.” The CFO explained.

“If everything is squared away and legit, why are we still going under?” Anna asked.

“Sign of the times.” The CFO shrugged. “Studies have begun showing the long term effects of our products. Repels are bad for the ozone, potions are decreasing the lifespan of pokemon over long term exposure. Everyone wants a magic cure with no ill side effects.”

“What if we lowered prices in the marts?” Anna suggested only to have the man shake his head.

“It’s not an economy problem. People are willing to spend more money just to avoid our products whether they’re harmful in the long run or not. Your father's actions left a bad taste in people’s mouths when the test pokemon’s living enclosures were reported on the news. That’s why you’re here. We needed a young face to be the new image of Silph Co. People want to know that we care for the well being of pokemon.” He explained.

“I do! I’ve kicked out Team Rocket and banned Pokemon testing.”

“People are still anxious you will follow in your father's footsteps.”

“Not much I can really do about that.” Anna said resting her head on her desk. “So what are people buying?”

“Roots, herbs, berries. People are looking for organic and natural remedies this day and age.”

“Organic, huh.” Anna mumbled tapping her pen on the desk.

“About that girl you’ve been watching…”

“No.” Anna said cutting him off.

“Why not? It makes the most sense. Her research is exactly what we need. With the proper funding-”

“NO!” Anna repeated louder this time. “It’s complicated.” She finally mumbled feeling the glare of her CFO.

“Well then you better un-complicate it!” He said crossing his arms. “Hundreds of people’s jobs are on the line here. Unless you want to be living on the street that is.”

“I’d rather live on the street than in that house.” Anna mumbled under her breath.

“How many successful components has she come up with now? Two or three?”

“Seventeen.” Anna mumbled staring out the window overlooking Saffron City.

“Why are you even hesitating? Call her or she’s finding an anonymous note underneath her door telling her about the camera in her dorm room.” He threatened.

“You wouldn’t.” Anna said snapping her head around to glare at the man.

“For someone who threw such a fit about invasion of privacy; for her to turn around and do the same thing.”

“Let me sleep on it.” Anna grumbled.

“I knew you’d see reason.” The man said smiling as he collected his papers and packed them back into his briefcase. “I’ll see you tomorrow about your decision.”

Once five o’clock finally rolled around Anna packed up her stuff and slowly made her way home to the large, empty mansion she grew to despise with every passing day. She didn’t need a place this big; an entire family didn’t need a place this big! Anna had grown used to living out of the small dorm room by herself and she found the large space to be eerie. The mansion had 17 rooms, 9 full sized bathrooms, a kitchen the size of a restaurant and a dining room to hold excessive numbers of guests. Anna had thought of putting it on the market several times and getting a small apartment, but it was her childhood home. She just wasn’t ready to part with the many wonderful memories of growing up here before her family was taken from her. It was just her now, sitting alone in the seat she always sat at as a child at the large 24 person mahogany table.

“Ah, Miss Silph. You’re home early.” Anna heard causing her to jump before taking in the sudden appearance of the mansions caretaker, Olga. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you.” Anna had dismissed the majority of her father’s staff. She didn’t need servants doing her laundry, security, or a personal chef. She had decided to keep her childhood nanny though more for company than anything; She was the closest thing she had to her family from back then.

“Sorry, Olga, Sometimes I forget you live here too.” Anna said with a weak smile to the blond German woman.

“This place isn’t going to take care of itself.” she nodded. “When are you going to have a family?” She suddenly asked causing Anna to nearly choke on the water she was drinking. “This place has never been the same since. It needs more people.”

“Eh, I don’t know.” Anna said with a shrug once she had collected herself.

“You’re Kento’s most eligible bachelorette, there’s probably hundreds of guys who would line up around the block for the chance to take you on a date. You just have to find the right one and get married.” Olga said sitting across the table from Anna.

“They just want the money.” Anna mumbled. “I had someone special once, but it wouldn’t have worked out.”

“Why not?” Olga asked.

“I just couldn’t get over someone else.” Anna said. “It caused problems.”

“So they broke up with you? Don’t worry, time heals all wounds. You’ll find another guy.” Olga said, but Anna just shook her head.

“It got complicated so I ran away.” Anna said sadly. “I hurt someone I loved because I thought it would have hurt worse if I stayed.”

“Would it really have been that bad?” Olga asked.

“I don’t know, but it’s too late now. It was years ago.”

“Do you still care about that person?” Olga asked before getting up and returning a moment later with a cup of tea for the both of them.

“I do.” Anna said with a sigh as she took a sip from her cup. “It doesn’t matter now though.”

“If you still care about him; why not get back in touch?” Olga asked after Anna let out a long depressed sigh. “Maybe he still cares about you too.”

“I don’t know what to do.” Anna groaned into her empty china tea cup. “Their research is what Silph Co needs, but I don’t know how I could ever face them again.”

“All the more reason to do it and get it over with.”

“I guess.” Anna said biting the inside of her cheek. “I’m going to my room. Good night, Olga.”

“Why do you still sleep in the bedroom you had as a kid? Why don’t you use the master suite?” Olga said clearing away their cups and saucers.

“It’s too big.” Anna said with a shrug. “And it was my parents.” She mumbled.

“It’s yours now take it.” Olga insisted. “You need to stop living in the past.”

“I like the size of my room as is.” Anna said before excusing herself and making her way up the marble staircase and to her room. She had always wondered since the day she had returned why her father had kept her and Izzy’s rooms the way they left them. When she had first opened her old bedroom door for the first time in seven years she had expected to see storage; not all of her belongings as is. Maybe he just never got around to it. Out of sight out of mind Anna thought with a shrug as she entered her freshly vacuumed room. Other than a few upgrades for her older self to enjoy like the new laptop sitting on her desk, she kept pretty much everything the same. Anna made her way over to her king sized canopy bed and noticed Olga had set out her pajamas for her. Once a nanny always a nanny Anna thought with a smile until she picked up the nightgown and out fell...a diaper?

“Olga.” Anna mumbled with a blush as she chucked it aside.

Last years anniversary of the accident had been especially hard on Anna as it had been the first she had had to face alone. For the entire month her bedwetting had almost become a nightly occurrence instead of maybe once or twice a week. I guess it is almost around that time she thought. Now that she was famous, even more so than she was before, she had run into an embarrassing predicament when her yearly bedwetting cycle had begun the previous year. It wasn’t like she could just run into the mart on pretense of picking up supplies for the pokemon center or grab a few diapers from the hospital wing anymore. Although she had never enjoyed being diapered at any other time, she found a just the tiniest amount of comfort in wearing them to bed around the time of the anniversary or any other stressful day. Using them was an entirely different story she thought with a shudder. She had never really understood why Emily had always hated them so much.

The night Anna had run out she had decided to go without it and figured she could phone her aunt in the morning to send her some, but she had woken up completely soaked in the middle of the night. She wanted to appear to Olga as an adult now; that she didn’t need anyone caring for her. Anna sighed in frustration as she stripped her bedding. Not wanting Olga to know Anna had gathered her wet clothes and sheets and headed to the laundry room. What she hadn’t expected was running into the woman half way there at 3 o clock in the morning. When asked what Anna was doing up carrying all her sheets, the girl tried to lie and say she had broken out in hives and that she was going to wash her bedding. Before Anna could stop her, Olga had taken her bedding and instructed her to take a shower and that she would bring up an antihistamine later. Once Anna had returned to her room she found Olga had already made up her bed for her with the woman herself waiting for her.

“Hives? That’s the best you got?” Olga had asked with her arms crossed and eyebrows raised as Anna stood awkwardly with nothing but a towel wrapped around herself. “You’re not a child anymore, Miss Silph, you don’t have to go out of your way to hide it. I’m not going to spank you.” She said with an amused grin before getting serious. “Have you been feeling alright? Maybe you should take a few days off work.”

“It was just a one time thing.” Anna lied. “Like you said; i’m an adult now. Next time I’ll do my own laundry; it’s no big deal.”

“Next time?” Olga asked suspiciously making Anna fidget in place. “Try and get some sleep Miss Silph.” She said letting the matter go sensing Anna’s uncomfortableness with the topic. After a few nights in a row of hearing the washing machine in the middle of the night and a shower running Olga had demanded answers. Backed into a corner Anna was forced to reveal her situation this time of the year presented to her. Olga just sighed and asked why she didn’t just ask her to pick up supplies in the first place.

Present day Anna let herself fall face first onto her mattress as she brought one of her pillows up to her chest and squeezed it against herself. Just what was she going to do? So many people’s jobs were at stake and here she knew someone who could possibly help yet she was reluctant to ask over a matter of...pride? Selfishness? Fear? Yes that was it. She was scared. She had never been so scared in her life as she picked up her cell phone and shakily dialed in the number for her aunt. One ring. She could do this! Two rings. On second thought, maybe she should wait till morning. Three rings. What if she said no? Four rings. She wasn’t going to answer she’ll just try again later and-

“Anna?” Nurse Joy asked. Damn it. After a few deep breathes she finally found her courage to speak up.

“Hi.” Anna mumbled into her cellphone not really feeling like talking face to face through video hologram.

“Anna, are you okay?” Nurse Joy asked a little concerned.

“Yeah, I’m just… I just needed to, um...h-how is she?” Anna finally managed to choke out. “E-Emily…”

“She, well, she works a lot. Physically she’s fine, but…”

“But what?” Anna asked.

“She keeps to herself a lot. Doesn’t leave unless she has too. I’ll send Sasha up every once and a while to check up on her.” Nurse Joy explained.

“Oh.” Anna said as they each stayed on the line in awkward silence.

“You know you could always get back in touch with her.” Nurse Joy suggested.

“Actually, I wanted you to pass on a message for me. I-I couldn’t do it myself. Tell her to come to Silph HQ in three days with her experiments. We are looking to move towards organic products and I thought if we funded her research…”

“I’ll try, but there’s no promises. She puts on a front whenever you're mentioned. You really hurt her you know.”

“I know.” Anna said barely above a whisper. “There’s a lot of people's jobs on the line though.”

“I’ll pass on the message, but don’t get your hopes up.” Nurse Joy said. “So how’s my big, powerful business tycoon?”

“I’m doing...good.” Anna said quietly. “It’s...lonely.” She admitted with a sigh. “I miss you guys.”

“We miss you too.” Nurse Joy said.

*069*2015-06-29 00:16

Ch 25!

Emily sat at her desk frowning while Sasha paced nervously back and forth scratching at the large welts that had begun to form on her forearm. What went wrong? Emily wondered going over the list of ingredients. Three Persim berries, two Oran berries, one Luppa berry. It didn’t make any sense.

“Emily! Make this stop or I swear!” Sasha moaned as she tore at her skin.

“Don’t worry I can make something real quick to make it stop.” Emily said jumping up to harvest a couple plants until she realised she was out of Oran berries. “Sasha...I can’t make anything to help. I need Oran berries and I’m out.”

“Ugh! This is the last time I let you test products on me!” The brunette yelled before opening Emily’s bedroom door and slamming it shut behind her. Emily stood silently for a moment sighing before plopping down in her bed. What’s wrong with me, she wondered as she stared up at her ceiling. She was moody, tired and just couldn’t concentrate on anything lately. Normally she could whip up two new successful recipes a month, but lately it seemed like everything she created was a horrible failure.

“Oh yeah, it’s almost May.” Emily mumbled to herself as she rolled over onto her side and held her pillow to her chest.

“What’s wrong, mom?” Namine asked hopping up onto the bed. “You’ve been really down lately.”

“It’s nothing.” Emily mumbled as she reached out her hand to pet her Eevee who snuggled up against the young woman’s side. Soon another small four legged creature hopped up onto the bed to join them. “Hey, Roxas.” Emily said holding out her palm to beckon the two year old male Eevee closer.

"What in the world is all over your face?" Namine said with a sigh as she approached her son and began licking his face clean. "Sometimes I wonder why I ever let you out of your Pokeball." Namine said.

"Mooom." Roxas whined as he grimaced at the feeling of his mother's tongue working its way through the fur on his face. "I'm just going to get dirty again."

"You wouldn't get so dirty in the first place if you'd just stop playing under the bed." Namine chastised holding her son down with her paw so she could finish his bath.

"But i'm bored!" Roxas complained. "I want to go outside!"

"So you can get beat up again by those Beedrills; I don't think so." Namine said.

"I almost had him." Roxas mumbled underneath his breath.

"You weren't even close." Namine laughed. "You would have been Spearow food if I hadn't come saved you. You're lucky I'm so strong."

"You're only a level 30; You're not that strong." Roxas said. "Once I'm a Flareon i'll be even stronger than you."

"Keep dreaming, kiddo. A funny looking rock isn't going to make you stronger, it's only going to change your appearance."

"It did you." Roxas grumbled. "Do that thing where you evolve."

"You've seen it a hundred times already!" Namine mumbled as she laid down next to Emily.

"Please." Roxas begged wagging his tail. "I want to see my future self."

"Emily, put him back in his pokeball. My son thinks I'm a circus act. Why doesn't he bother his father; he can turn into any Pokemon at will." Namine said before yawning.

"All Ditto's can transform; You're one of a kind." Emily said listening to the two of them banter.

"All right all right." Namine said before slowly standing up. "What will it be?"

"Jolteon!" Roxas said happily bouncing up and down on the bed as the mother Eevee's necklace glew purple and she herself began glowing a bright white as her form grew several times larger until the once small Eevee took up half the bed. Once the glowing faded there in Namine's place stood a yellow, spiky furred Jolteon. "Now a Flareon!" Roxas cheered as the Jolteon once again began glowing and shifting until a red and white furred pokemon stood in it's place. Emily watched with a small smile as she watched Namine change form after form for her son.

"Sorry, kiddo, time's up." Namine panted after 20 minutes when she suddenly changed back into her original Eevee form and the rock around her neck ceased to glow.

As soon as Roxas was born, Namine's stance on fighting had changed 180 degrees. She had wanted to become stronger in order to protect him so while Emily searched for plants and berries in the forest, Namine fought with every stray rodent and bug that came within eyesight until she had gotten comfortable enough to take on trainers. She started with a few Bug Catchers as both Emily and Namine slowly built up their confidence together.

One particular day about a year ago while they were coming out of the forest an Ace Trainer appeared and began striking up a conversation. Emily wasn't particularly in the mood to talk with him and tried to move past, but he wasn't about to let her go and demanded a battle with her Eevee sensing an easy victory. Emily shrugged and thought why not, but frowned when Ace Trainer released a Farrow. This was way out of their league she thought as she tried her best to direct her Eevee out of harms way. Emily watched anxiously as the battle progressed. At the rate this was going Namine wasn't going to last much longer she thought.

"If only I had an electric type." Emily had muttered. "Too bad Namine can't use any kind of electric type attacks."

Suddenly the stone on Namine's neck began to glow as she began evolving. "Namine..." Emily said shocked as her Eevee evolved into a Jolteon mid battle. What just happened? Both Emily and Ace Trainer stood staring mouth agape, even the Farrow had swooped down to get a view of its new opponent. In the chaos of the situation Emily saw her chance. She only had one shot if she wanted this to work and it was a gamble if Namine even knew this move. "Thundershock!" Emily yelled as bolts of lightening began chasing after the large bird until it encompassed the enemy and the bird fell paralyzed to the ground. "Bite!" Emily commanded as the Jolteon bared its fangs and lunged at the paralyzed bird as she sunk her teeth into its flesh causing the opponent to faint.

"Tastes like chicken." Namine said trotting over to her master victoriously as Emily threw her arms around Namine. As the two walked back together Emily's eyes bulged as Namine began glowing once again and started...shrinking?! Within 30 seconds Namine was back into her Eevee form. "What just happened?" Namine asked sounding a little disappointed as she realized she was no longer the pokemon she had once dreamed of becoming.

"I have no idea." Emily said looking just as confused as Namine. She tried researching it on the internet, but couldn't come up with a single case of an Eevee evolving without a stone or even any pokemon evolving for a short period of time and then reverting. "It must have something to do with that stone around your neck." Emily said as Namine agreed.

"You think it's like the first time? When we merged." Emily nodded in agreement and soon they began experimenting with it. In no time at all the two discovered they could use it to transform Namine into any of the eeveelutions at will for a short period of time before she would revert back to her original form. As a result Namine's experience level soared since she would always have the type advantage as long as they could defeat her opponent in less than 20 minutes. The two quickly grew bored as the newness of battling wore off. Emily didn't need to keep at it for the prize money since Anna had basically left her a limitless credit card that didn't need to be payed back and Namine only desired to be at a high enough level to keep her son safe. The two agreed to quit while they were ahead as to not attract attention to themselves before rumors began to spread.

Emily was quickly snapped from her trance of memories and brought back to reality when she began hearing knocking on her door. She got up and answered it while preparing to apologize to Sasha and beg for her forgiveness. She was immediately alarmed when she opened the door a crack to not find Sasha, but Nurse Joy. Uh-oh, Emily thought as she opened the door a little wider to see Nurse Joy smiling suspiciously figuring Sasha had ratted her out about her failed experiments in order to get proper treatment for her skin lesions.

"May I come in?" Nurse Joy asked as Emily stepped back to let the woman in before closing the door behind her. This couldn't be good. "I just wanted to come check up on you." Nurse Joy said sensing the girls uneasiness.

"Oh, umm, I'm okay." Emily said sitting down on her bed as her aunt took a seat across from her in the desk chair. It still feels weird to refer to her as my aunt she thought while wondering what she had really come to see her about.

"I wanted to talk to you about your plant experiments." Nurse Joy said after a moment of silence. Crap. She's not going to punish me with diapers is she? Emily thought fearing the worst. "How would you feel about getting officially funded by a company?" Wait, what? She had to have miss heard that. Clearly Nurse Joy had come to tell her to knock it off, not offer her a sponsorship, right?"

"What?" Emily asked confused.

"A company wants to sponsor and fund your research." Nurse Joy repeated with nervous smile.

“What? Really?” Emily asked as her eyes lit up with excitement. “Wait...I know that look. What’s the catch?”

“N-no catch.” Nurse Joy said smiling. “I just got off the phone with Anna and she wants to meet with you on Saturday to discuss arrangements. WHAT? Anna!? Wants to meet with me… about my research…

“No.” Emily said shaking her head. “Tell her I’m not interested.”

“Emily, just go and hear her out. You two haven’t spoken since she left.” Nurse Joy said biting her lip.

“And whose fault was that.” Emily said bitterly. “Why now after two years?”

“Well you know Silph Co’s been in a financial crisis ever since and it sounds like they are trying to come up with new ideas to draw people in.”

“So what, she’s only reaching out to me now after all this time because she wants something?” Emily said feeling the lump beginning to form in her throat. “She’s just going to use me and toss me aside.”

“This is a good opportunity for you. Don’t let a personal grudge get in the way of moving forward with your products. Silph Co’s the biggest name around, now’s your chance to show everyone what you can do. Maybe you two can even work things out, she is your sister after all-”

“She’s not my sister.” Emily said staring down at the floor. “I don’t want to work things out with her, I don’t want to meet with her, and I don’t want to talk to her!” Emily said.

“Fuck.” Emily said quietly as she held tightly onto her backpack as her legs jiggled with nerves as she stood outside Silph Co HQ the following Saturday morning. “You can do this.” Emily mumbled to herself as she tried her best to calm her breathing down. “It’s just a business meeting. Who says I’m even meeting with her. I’m probably just going to be pitching an idea to a worker who will reject it right then and there and that will be the end of it. Emily bounced for a moment in place before making her way inside the large fancy building. She felt self conscious as she walked inside in her flower printed sundress with her backpack hanging off one shoulder. She could feel everyone’s eyes on her as she took in the many suited and professional looking workers.

“I got this.” She whispered to herself again as she walked up to the secretary station.

“Can I help you?” The blond woman asked putting her hand over the mouthpiece of her headset after Emily awkwardly stood in place for five minutes waiting for her to say something.

“Umm, I’m here to see Anna.” Emily mumbled.

“Anna?” The lady behind the desk repeated motioning with her hand that she needed more than a first name.

“Silph.” Emily squeaked as the blond woman raised her eyebrows.

“And do you have an appointment to see Miss Silph?” The secretary asked doubtfully.

“I’m not sure, she said to meet her here on Saturday, but didn’t say what time.” Emily answered as she felt her heart racing in her chest.

“Name?”

“Emily Ketchum.”

“I don’t see anything in the computer under that name.” The secretary said sounding annoyed with the current situation.

“But she said to meet her.”

“Look, I don’t know if you were one of her little friends in the past. “ The secretary said massaging her temples. “But If you want to see Miss Silph you need to make an appointment. She is a very busy person and does not take walk-ins.” She said turning back to her work.

“But I’m her sister.” Emily mumbled barely above a whisper.

“You think that’s funny? Miss Silph lost her family eight years ago. Who do you think you are to come in here and-”

“Is there a problem?” The two women heard as Emily saw the color drain out of the secretary’s face.

“N-no, ma'am, I was just telling this person that if she wants to meet with you she needs an appointment.” The secretary said quickly.

“She doesn’t need an appointment.” The voice said as Emily slowly turned to face the girl she hadn’t seen or heard from in two years. “Hello, Emily.” Anna said.

*074*2015-07-04 21:45

Thank you :D I never imagined this would get such a following. When I started I had no idea what I was doing or where I was taking this. Hell, I still have no idea what I'm doing lol it's actually over 100 k words now. I'm kind of surprised I didn't get a bunch of "eww incest" even though they are not related.

This would make a good "socially awkward penguin" meme. Finally gets a girlfriend....turns out to be my dead sister...lol

