Megan and Sarah, Emotional Rollercoaster

Author: orango

*000*2013-06-08 17:22

Hi everyone. This new story is taking such a long time to complete, I though I'd post it in chapters. Doing it this way might also motivate me to get the rest of it finished! This is part 1, and part 2 is nearly ready to go (unless I decide to completely change it ... again!) I would love to know what you all think so far, good bad or indifferent. I'll aim to have part 2 posted by next weekend, or sooner if I get any positive comments! Just as a side note, although this story continues on from the previous 2 stories I wrote about Megan and Sarah, you don't need to have read them to know what's going on. For anyone that's interested, the links to the previous 2 can be found here:

%/9077-the-first-desperate-encounter/

%/9635-megan-and-sarah-public-humiliation/

###

Chapter 1

Megan hobbled through an eerily silent nightclub, hunched over and desperate for relief. The dance floor was packed, a throng of mute partygoers bopping soundlessly to absolute silence. Megan’s high heels clipped rhythmically across the dance floor, the only sound in the room, as she pushed and shoved her way through the dense crowd. She had been busting to pee for hours, her bladder now a swollen protruding balloon inside her usually flat abdomen. Shivering under the strain, a wave of pressure began to build, pushing down on her tiring sphincter and forcing her to an abrupt stop. Glancing around, everyone’s eyes were fixed on her as they laughed and snickered, always in total silence. She tried to speak to them, to plead for help, but her words wouldn’t come. In a last valiant attempt to hold back a sizzling jet of fragrant urine, she crossed her legs, wrapping them around one another, frantically squeezing her delicate vagina with the tops of her shapely thighs.

She held her breath, feeling her pee come to the very brink. Forcing her trembling muscles to clench shut, her whole body was tensed, straining and shuddering as she fought against an overwhelming urge to simply wet herself. Cradling her solid bladder with both hands, she soothed and caressed it as the peak of the pressure subsided just a fraction. With enough control to risk moving again, she limped off, stumbling down a secluded corridor away from the other partygoers. Shuffling onwards, she winced as every footstep threatened to make the urine explode from her lips. The club’s main hall now behind her, she scanned her surroundings, desperate to find any clue for the location of the bathrooms. Just then, on the edge of hearing, was the distant sound of a flushing toilet. She winced at the thought of release, bending forward at the waist, urgently trying to make more room for her frantic bladder inside her petite frame.

She glanced around, searching for the source of the noise, for somewhere to finally be able to pee. She struggled forward down the seemingly never ending corridor, unable to stand up straight, whimpering softly under her breath. One foot in front of the other, she soldiered on until a different sound whispered into her mind. She could hear someone peeing, the unmistakable hiss of another woman releasing her golden liquid. She knew she must be close. Slowing to a stop she stood breathless and confused for a moment, straining her ears to listen. Her wee was now on the edge of involuntary release, and her muscles began to falter. Plunging her hand down inside her knickers, she grasped her vagina and began to massage her slit with her fingertips. Not long now, just hold on. As the wave of desperation reached its peak, she kneaded and squeezed her womanhood, curtsying deeply to hold back the flood. She had to pee, right now.

Sarah took her eyes off the monotony of the motorway and glanced over to the passenger seat, admiring the beauty of the woman she had come to love. As the weeks had gone by, Megan had become more than just a good friend. She had become her lover, and someone she was beginning to realise could make her happy for the rest of her life. The car journey so far had been long and tedious, and the 5am start this morning had proved to be a struggle. But, now they were nearing their destination, she knew it would all be worth it. Sarah watched as Megan tossed her head from side to side, still sound asleep and breathing heavily. She could tell that Megan was dreaming, and longed to be able to take a peek inside her head. Hoping the dream was about her, she returned her focus back to the road, pushing down on the accelerator.

Wave after wave of desperation washed over Megan as she finally neared the end of the corridor, her eyes darting back and forth in a panicked search for the bathroom. The hissing was growing louder and she prayed that relief was close. If it wasn’t, she knew it was game over. Her pee was about to jet out, into her knickers if nowhere more suitable, and she would be powerless to stop it. With fingers now crammed permanently against her pussy, the fabric of her underwear bunching up between her lips, the conscious decision to hold it in would soon be taken away from her. With trembling buttocks and erratic breathing, her fingertips continued to knead her flawless vulva as she plodded on, helpless and half bent overt. Knowing she was out of time, she prayed for a miracle.

Following the directions from the satnav, Sarah flicked on the indicator and turned the steering wheel, leaving the motorway behind them. With just 20 miles to go, the glittering lights and thrilling rides of their journey’s end was finally in sight. Sarah looked over at Megan, still asleep but obviously very restless. She had a pretty good idea what was making her uncomfortable. There was a good chance it was the 2 large glasses of juice and 4 cups of tea she had plied her with at breakfast. For the last few miles Megan had been moaning softly to herself, both hands resting in her lap, fidgeting in her seat. With the journey coming to an end soon, Sarah knew the fun was only just beginning. In a bid to alleviate the boredom, she clicked on the radio and began to hum along to the tune.

With a last explosion of energy, Megan staggered through a set of doors and finally burst into the bathroom, the heavenly sight of a toilet cubicle almost too much for her distended bladder to take. Already edging the waistband of her leggings down her bum, she lurched towards the cubicle door. The hissing sound was now almost deafening, teasing and tormenting her as she pushed the cubicle door open. The loo, a shining beacon of hope, came into view, but that hope drained in a heartbeat when she saw Sarah was already sitting on it, wetting hard and fast with a smug grin on her face.

Megan’s leggings and knickers now round her knees, she stumbled forward, her pee holding muscles on the brink of failure. Pleading with Sarah to hurry up, her words were lost to the deafening roar of Sarah’s sizzling vagina, pee squirting unrelentingly from her body and splashing loudly into the bowl. Megan inched closer, her bursting pussy just inches from Sarah’s face. Without warning Sarah reached behind Megan and began to fondle her bum, pulling her even closer.

Megan, too overcome with desperation, was powerless to stop her. With tears running down her face, her body bucked and writhed as she fought against the tidal wave of wee that was about to erupt from her. Her bladder contracted and shuddered, desperately attempting to push out the urine, just as Sarah began to massage her clit with her tongue. Her knees almost buckled from the overwhelming pleasure, but the stimulation was short lived, abruptly withdrawn and replaced instead with a set of probing fingers. Megan looked down in horror as she felt Sarah began to part her lips with her fingertips, holding her open so her urethra twinkled in the dim light. It was too much to take, and at last she felt it begin to happen. Her body, unable to endure any more punishment, was taking matters into its own hands. As the pee began to slip down her urethra….

… she opened her eyes. Megan sat bolt upright and jammed her hands between her legs, but not before a tiny droplet of warm pee bubbled from her pee hole. She felt it disperse inside her lips, trickling downward and slickening her pussy. Sarah looked over and shot Megan a wide smile.

“Hi honey, you have a good sleep?”

Megan didn’t respond and instead tried to rationalise what had just happened. The memory of her dream was already fading, replaced instead with the very real awareness that her bladder was about to explode its contents into the crotch of her frilly knickers. In a groggy haze, she continued to press her fingers up hard between her legs, massaging her lips in a desperate attempt to stop a long jet of liquid bursting from her body.

"How much further? I could really do with a wee … like, soon." Megan blurted, her mind still muzzy. She bounced up and down in her seat as if to emphasise the point.

"We won't be long now, another 20 minutes or so.”

Megan glanced at her watch and felt her face flush red from embarrassment. How had she let herself get into this situation ... again! Although Sarah had officially been her girlfriend for several weeks now, Sarah’s opinion of her mattered more than anything in the world. If she lost control of her bodily functions, what would she think? The memory of the last time she wet herself, just a few weeks ago in a crowded nightclub, was still a shining beacon of embarrassment for her, and she had to avoid a repeat of that at all cost. It was almost 9am, and she couldn’t help but let her mind wander to the last time she visited the toilet.

It was at home, just before 5 this morning, and it had felt so good! She fantasised about it, about how the stream had started slowly before growing into a gushing deluge that parted her vagina as it shot from her body, hissing loudly as it cascaded into the water below. The feeling of relief as her bladder pushed the last droplets from her had been heavenly, far removed from the heavy stinging ache she was experiencing now. If she knew then how desperate she would be after just a few hours, she would have savoured and enjoyed the relief while it had lasted.

A few minutes passed with Megan gazing out of the passenger window, trying to act nonchalant. But however hard she tried to hide it, her body language portrayed the true picture. There were no two ways about it, Megan was bursting, and subconsciously her body was screaming it to the world. Sarah glanced over and drank in one of the most erotic sights she had ever witnessed. Megan was sitting awkwardly in her seat, slightly more bent forward than usual, her thumb covertly holding the seat belt from her abdomen. She was trembling slightly, which could be heard in her breathing as her desperately full bladder waged war against her struggling sphincter. Her legs were clenched together and the muscles in her thighs were tensing rhythmically.

Sarah smiled to herself as the familiar ache of arousal swept over her body, nervous butterflies suddenly taking flight in her stomach. She fantasised about kissing and teasing every inch of Megan’s perfect young body, feeling her wriggle and writhe as she fought to stop the pee erupting from between her legs. Her pussy tingled with excitement, but she knew that if she played her cards right, the next few hours had the potential to become even more mind blowing. She reigned in the fantasy and returned as much concentration as she could prise away from Megan, back to the road.

Megan grit her teeth and her whole body tensed as the car bumped across a deep pot hole. As if coming to a decision, Megan started to rummage through her bag. There had to be some kind of container in there somewhere. Something, anything she could pee into! "I’m sorry," Megan moaned, hoping she was keeping the trembling out of her voice, "but I really need to pee!"

“Babe, we’ll be there in 15 minutes! Stop being a child, I’m sure you can hold it.” Sarah retorted, trying to strike a balance between sternness and concern, but completely failing to convey any concern at all.

Another brief period of silence descended on the couple. Megan suddenly felt humiliated and ashamed, but strangely, even more attracted to Sarah than ever before. It felt like she had just been told off by her favourite teacher, something she always managed to avoid back at school. Perhaps it would have been fun to have been a naughty girl after all. She sat and thought for a moment, gazing at Sarah through pleading eyes.

“Please stop, I don’t think I can wait.” whispered Megan almost to herself, knowing full well that Sarah would refuse anyway. Her bladder felt heavy and swollen, a renewed surge of pressure bearing down on her taught muscles. Tentatively, as if hoping Sarah wouldn’t notice, she continued with a one-handed search of the bag, the other still kneading her vagina though her tight leggings. Finding a half empty water bottle tucked away in one of the pockets, she looked at it suspiciously, assessing its suitability. It was small, just 500ml, and the opening was even smaller, but it would have to do. Getting rid of its current contents, she gulped down the water, filling her cheeks before letting the liquid slip down her throat. She hadn’t realised until then how thirsty she was.

“What are you doing? You’ll never be able to pee into that, you’ll just have to hold it!”

Megan heard the comment, but chose to ignore it. The possibility of finding something to pee into had made her think about relief, and in her mind she was already weeing full force into the small bottle. She knew Sarah wouldn’t like it, but what choice did she have? The only other alternative was to wet the seat, and she figured Sarah would really hate that idea. Unbuckling her belt, she gently scooched to the edge of her seat and glanced over to Sarah before edging down her leggings, stopping when they were round her knees. Sarah was glaring at her and feeling more than slightly miffed that days of planning were going to end with such an anti-climax. A desperate Megan had been a recurring fantasy for a very long time, long before they had even got together.

It was a conversation, however, that she hadn’t yet had the bravery to broach, which meant Megan was still totally in the dark about Sarah’s fetish. The thought alone sent Sarah wild with lust and desire, and she had to think of something fast to make her hold on longer. Pulling the crotch of her knickers to one side, Megan graced Sarah with a brief glimpse of her most intimate region. Desperate for a better view, Sarah leaned over, staring fixedly at the perfect folds of skin between Megan’s legs. Every time she saw it, Sarah was always stunned by its flawless perfection, and knowing a litre of hot pee was about to burst out of it made it look even hotter than usual.

“Don’t get my seat wet! That’s expensive leather!” Sarah shouted in a final attempt to persuade her to hold it.

Megan wriggled forward some more and held the bottle under her, trying to keep her hand steady. Sensing she had a distinct lack of aim, she teased her lips apart with her fingertips, getting a sudden sense of déjà vu as a brief snippet of her dream flitted into her consciousness. It was taking all her strength and willpower to stop her trembling vulva from gushing fluid into the foot well. Guessing roughly the location of her pee hole, Megan brought the bottle closer and held her breath.

Sarah knew it was now or never, and as if having her prayers answered, a loud siren and a set of blue flashing lights abruptly broke the trance she was in. Returning her focus back to the road, Sarah panicked when she saw she had allowed the car to drift into the oncoming lane. Quickly correcting her mistake they lurched to the left, throwing Megan off balance. Dropping the bottle and releasing her lips, Megan groped for the door handle for support. Failing to grab hold, she was instead ruthlessly flung back into her seat, her fragile bladder bouncing painfully inside her abdomen. Megan, shocked by the sudden drama, felt her heart begin to race as the car screeched and fishtailed. Tyres squealing, Megan closed her eyes and held on for dear life.

*006*2013-06-10 22:08

An enormous thank you to everyone who took the time to comment, they are really very much appreciated! GemmyRose, I'm honoured you even remembered my previous stories, it's been such a long time since I posted anything new! And MaiLoveheart, I think it's a pretty safe bet Sarah will find a way of making her hold on longer! Frosty, it's always nice to hear from you, and you already know I love your stories. But I'll say it again here just in case you've forgotten! Marin and shortandsweet, thanks again, and I'll have the second part up soon!

*008*2013-06-11 14:54

{{:

Absence, they say, makes the heart grow fonder...

And your fans, including both my gf and myself, have been waiting patiently for your return.

No-one, but no-one, writes the way you do, and we eagerly anticipate the next part of this 'amusing'

Adventure !

}}

Frosty, you always know how to make me smile! Thank you for your unwavering support, you have no idea how much that means to me. Without your encouragement I probably would never have got around to posting anything new. You really are a good friend.

*010*2013-06-16 21:30

Chapter 2

Megan heard her heart beating in her ears, and felt it drumming in her bladder as the car came to an abrupt stop, apparently without colliding into anything. Breathing hard, she kept her eyes closed for a moment longer, silently praying she was still dreaming.

"Oh shit, that was close!” Sarah said, her voice hoarse from the sudden rush of adrenaline. “Are you alright?”

Megan didn’t answer. Instead of feeling relief that they were both relatively unharmed, she felt an ever increasing sense of panic rising up from her stomach. She was so utterly bursting for a wee, and had been so close to relief, being denied at the last moment was almost more than she could stand. She took a deep breath, but regretted it instantly when a pang of discomfort shot through her abdomen like a jolt of electricity. As Sarah manoeuvred the car to the side of the road, Megan cradled her bladder, a now throbbing pee-filled balloon that felt like it was in spasm. She leaned forward, tears welling up in her eyes. Fighting to hold them back, she sat motionless for a moment, mentally taking stock of what had just happened. Sarah watched a tall figure step from the police car behind them as Megan started to whimper softly to herself.

“Babe, you need to cover yourself up. We don’t want you arrested for indecent exposure!”

Megan ran a trembling hand over the seat between her legs, surprised to find it still dry. How she hadn't peed herself in all the drama she didn’t know, but she didn’t have time to wonder. Looking behind, the cop was nearly at Sarah’s window. Quickly adjusting her knickers, she yanked her leggings back up just in time. The feeling of the tight fabric snuggling against her pussy was agonising, a reminder that there would be no relief for the foreseeable future. Feeling her muscles quivering, a renewed urgency washed over her as the rush of adrenaline began to fade. Her wee felt like it was right there, a reservoir of liquid threatening to erupt from between her tightly clenched thighs, poised and ready to exploit the first sign of weakness. Sarah wound down her window and Megan watched the torso of the police officer come into view.

A surprisingly high pitched voice rasped from the officer. “That was a dangerous stunt you pulled back there, you could have killed someone” he said with as much authority as a dead kipper. “Switch off the engine please.”

Sarah did as he requested and looked him in the face. He was young, maybe just barely into his twenties, but still with the complexion of an acne-ridden teenager. Trying to avoid gazing at a number of large red pimples on the man’s face, her eyes instead found his name badge. Officer Jeremy Stuart.

“I’m so sorry, I was distracted for just a second” Sarah said to the badge, the corners of her mouth turning up a little as she fought back a smirk. “It’s been a long journey, but I promise it won’t happen again”. Sarah heard Megan whimper again, just barely audible above the hush that had descended on the car.

Officer Stuart considered things for a moment, thinking he really couldn’t be bothered with the paperwork that laying charges would entail. Besides, she was an attractive woman and he was in a good mood. He looked her over, noticing first her long blond hair as it cascaded provocatively around her shoulders. He moved his gaze downwards, in exactly the same manner all men have done since Adam first gazed upon Eve’s shapely form. Jeremy gawked open mouthed as his eyes scoured her body, taking in her perfect round breasts before mentally removing the metaphorical fig leaves covering her erect nipples. Strange, it wasn’t even cold. Down further, her bare legs were a little slice of heaven, and something he would almost certainly recall when alone in his bedroom tonight. He closed his jaw and turned his mind to the situation at hand. When all said and done, he was still a police officer and had to follow protocol.

“Could I see your driving license please?”

Sarah grabbed her bag from the back seat and began rummaging, praying she hadn’t left it at home. “I’m sure it’s in here somewhere!”

Megan was really struggling, her legs jiggling and her breathing shallow. “Please, please hurry up” she whispered through clenched teeth, “I’m about to bust!” Megan had subconsciously began to hold herself, the pressure of her fingers the only thing keeping her knickers dry.

“I’m looking, just hold on … and stop touching yourself, it’ll look weird if he sees you” she whispered back. Megan withdrew her hand and blushed crimson. Oh God, it was right on the brink. She jiggled some more and tensed her legs, pushing her feet into the floor, almost lifting herself out of the seat. Finally, Sarah found the license and handed it to the officer. She was so incredibly aroused she felt like bursting into tears. Megan felt like bursting into tears for entirely different reasons.

Jeremy studied the license. “Miss Sarah Morgan. You say you were distracted. What exactly was the source of the distraction?” He couldn’t help another glance at those mesmerising legs.

It was Sarah's turn to blush. She weighed up her options and toyed with the idea of telling the truth. Well officer, I was staring longingly at my girlfriend’s pussy, dreaming of burying my tongue deep inside her. Quickly realising the truth may just blow Jeremy’s mind, she told the first lie that popped into her head. Before giving it proper thought, she suddenly found herself telling a protracted tale involving several deer prancing merrily out from behind a nearby bush, and having to swerve to avoid them. Half way through she knew it was sounding ridiculous, but there was no going back now. Quickly looking around in a desperate search for a bush large enough to conceal a herd of wild deer, her heart dropped when all she saw were miles of open fields. The tale trailed off into an awkward silence, broken only by the creaking of the leather seat as Megan slipped off her shoe and brought her right leg up, tucking the heel of her foot beneath her.

Jeremy was vaguely aware that the woman had stopped talking, but he just couldn’t prise his eyes from those amazing legs. The silence stretched on longer, becoming more and more awkward with each ticking second. With the rumble of a passing lorry finally snapping him from his daydream, he shuffled around nervously before realising he hadn’t heard a word she had said.

“Thank you Miss Morgan. I’m happy to let you go today with a caution, but please drive more carefully in the future.”

“I will, thank you officer”, Sarah said, shocked but relieved. She felt for sure the deer story had secured her a dangerous driving charge.

As Jeremy bent down and handed back the license, he gave the interior of the car a glance over. For the first time he noticed the attractive brunette in the passenger seat, locking eyes with her. He looked for a long moment and saw that she was even more gorgeous than her friend. She had beauty in a less classical sense and had a slightly nerdy air about her, but he could look into those eyes for the rest of his life and never want for anything else. She looked nervous about something, and her eyes seemed to be almost pleading. Megan broke away from his stare, but Jeremy continued to watch as she began wriggling around in obvious discomfort.

“What’s your name miss?” he ventured.

“Megan … erm.” she tried to concentrate. What was her name? All she could think about was grasping her girlhood and squeezing her pee hole shut. She felt her muscles faltering. “Parker … Megan Parker.” Her voice sounded more than a little strained, and she couldn't help finishing the sentence with a little gasp as her bladder contracted hard. Her heel was helping, but it just wasn’t the same as some strategically placed fingers.

Jeremy didn't know how to respond. He watched the pretty brunette close her eyes tight and grip the sides of her seat with such strength her knuckles turned white. She shuddered uncontrollably for a second, almost as if she was cold. Trouble was he could see she was obviously sweating, and the morning was warming up nicely with not even a hint of a chill.

“Is everything OK miss?”

Megan couldn’t reply at the moment, instead riding a wave of desperation that made rational thought impossible. Her whole existence now revolved around her trembling, aching bladder, and she could think of nothing but finally allowing the sweet hot urine to spurt from her body. The wave kept building before finally washing over her, and no amount of wriggling could help her. Without the force of her fingers to hold it back, and for a brief second only, her pee hole was forced open as a spurt of urine shot from her, sizzling into her knickers before petering off as she tried valiantly to clench down and stop the flow.

Gasping loudly, she looked down at herself in horror, but took comfort from the fact that there was no visible evidence of what had just happened. Her knickers felt warm and clung to her folds as the desperation slowly receded a fraction, the threat of completely losing all control waning. She felt for sure the next surge would break her internal dam completely, and silently pleaded for the police officer to just go away and leave them alone.

“Miss, is everything OK?” Jeremy repeated, an element of genuine concern creeping into his voice.

“I’m OK” was all Megan could manage. Her pelvic floor muscles were so tightly clenched, a warm fuzzy sensation was spreading through her sex and up into her brimming, but still filling bladder.

Jeremy hadn’t encountered a situation like this before. His police training had seriously been lacking in the art of reading women, but he did have enough experience to know that the simple phrase I’m OK almost always meant something was seriously wrong. Megan was looking shifty, and there was clearly something she was hiding. Various scenarios cycled through his simple mind. Was she on drugs? Had she been abducted and was being held against her will? Both seemed unlikely. He stood up straight and scratched his chin, wondering whether to just leave it and walk away.

Apparently coming to a decision, Jeremy said “I’m afraid I’m going to have to ask you to step out of the car and wait on the grass verge.” He just couldn’t let it go, his conscience simply wouldn’t let him. He would run a cross check of the number plates and see if that turned anything up.

Both girls were shocked by Jeremy’s sudden turnaround. “I thought you were letting us go with a caution?” Sarah braved, hoping she wasn’t making the situation worse.

“Please do as I ask, if everything checks out I won’t detain you for long”.

Megan was distraught. How had she gone from the verge of relief to the prospect of being forced to wet herself at the side of a busy road? While Jeremy made his way back to the patrol car, Sarah jumped out and made her way round to Megan’s door, opening it for her from the outside. She could tell that Megan was truly bursting, and felt a little guilty that she had put her in this situation. However, guilt aside, it was turning her on more than mere words could ever describe. She ached, desperate to satiate the incessant throbbing of her slickening vagina.

Megan gently swung her legs around, trying to keep them together as much as possible. Now out of sight of the police officer, she made no hesitation in grabbing herself, pinching and kneading her lips through her leggings as if she was rolling bread dough. Her fingers worked furiously as she tried to take the pressure from her weakening muscles, and it seemed to be working, for now at least. The crotch of her leggings felt wet, but the material didn’t show it.

“I’m sorry sweetheart” Sarah whispered, “I know you need a wee, but try and hold it for me.”

But it’s going to bust out at any moment!

Megan glared at her. “I’ll try … for you”, she said sweetly. Sarah reached out for her hand, and reluctantly Megan once again released hold of herself and took it. Sarah instantly felt the slickness of Megan’s fingers and looked at her inquisitively.

“Have you peed on my seat?”

“I’m sorry … only a little bit.” Megan looked down, avoiding Sarah’s stern gaze.

Unable to tense her stomach without jetting more pee into her knickers, she instead let Sarah pull her up and out. Sarah looked at the seat, delighted to see a small rivulet of wee dripping along the seam. Sarah pushed the door closed behind her and held her hand tightly, leading her onto the grass embankment. Megan couldn’t stand straight, instead walking with a slight bend at the waist. Free hand with clenched fist, she hobbled after her, unable to comfortably keep pace.

While Jeremy waited for the results of the plate search, he watched the 2 girls intently. The brunette was still looking odd, not so much walking as hobbling, and almost being pulled along by the blonde. He studied Megan more closely. In the bright daylight, she was stunningly beautiful. The sort of girl you wouldn’t mind taking home to meet your mother. Sweet, innocent and totally intoxicating. Her slightly curled hair cascaded loosely around her shoulders as it blew gently in the breeze, the bright sunlight reflecting a slightly red hue amidst the dominant brown colour. His computer pinged to indicate the results of the search. He looked them over, disappointed to find nothing out of the ordinary, and got out of the car.

Sarah watched as the police officer strode towards them. Megan was still squeezing her hand, harder than was comfortable, and had remained in a hunched forward position, staring at the ground. She felt on the brink again, and closed her eyes in a silent prayer to a god that she didn’t believe in. Anything was worth a try. Her knickers were turning cold and she felt a chill as the breeze brushed gently around her.

Before Jeremy had even reached them, Megan let out a despairing sob, her wee right on the edge of control again. Jeremy stopped, seeing she was clearly upset.

“Miss, if something is wrong, I’d like you to tell me what it is”

Megan felt a surge of anger, something so out of character it shocked even her. Without thinking, she stood up straight, ready to tell Jeremy exactly what she thought of him. As her bladder pushed hard, she knew her mistake and doubled forward fully, instinctively clasping her already wet fanny with all her strength. All decorum falling by the wayside, she panted a barely audible sentence that Jeremy knew would stay with him for the rest of his life.

“I need a wee you moron, and if you don’t let us go, right now, it’s going to explode out into my knickers!”

Jeremy stood stock still, expressionless, before turning around. He said nothing, the power of speech having failed him. He got into his car and drove away, replaying that sentence over and over in his mind. When he got home, a cold shower would certainly be in order.

The girls made their way back to the car, also in silence. Instantly, Megan reached for the bottle and slipped down her leggings and underwear. Sarah saw the wet streak on the crotch of her panties, and knew the time had come for absolute honesty. It was the only way to prolong the moment. Now totally alone, Sarah reached over and took the bottle from Megan, and said “I think there’s something I need to tell you about myself”.

*017*2013-06-18 09:21

{{:

Can't wait for the next one!!!! Would have been better if the officer had taken her to the station for 'questioning' where he plays with her bladder and threatens Megan with a taser ort something if she pees.

}}

{{:

Officer Stuart is a nice polite British copper, not a Storm Trooper.

Thank goodness, for poor Megan's sake !

}}

Haha, that would be a very different story to what I was aiming for! Frosty, you understand the situation perfectly! To be honest, although I played with the idea of having her searched, etc, I kind of want it to remain realistic. And I didn't want to contaminate Megan by having him touch her in any way, only Sarah can do that, as you'll see in part 3! I feel strangely protective of her!! This part is just about heightening the tension a little.

{{:

Oh my gosh, I cannot wait to see how this plays out! I was wondering if he was going to pat the girl down and make her spread her desperate clenching legs, but the way the story went, is even better! You always manage to leave me on a cliffhanger. :)

}}

Thanks for that MaiLoveheart, I'm glad you like it so far. Chapter 3 will focus more on Megan and how she's feeling, and might be a touch more explicit.

I hope to have part 3 up in about a week, but that timing might slip a little. Hopefully you all think it will be worth the wait!

*021*2013-07-03 19:01

Chapter 3

Megan was almost delirious with desperation, stunned that the relief she needed so severely had been stolen from her yet again. She squirmed, leggings around her knees and panties nestled neatly inside them, a damp streak clearly visible where they had been clinging to her lips just moments before. Unable to sit still, she rocked gently back and forth, caressing her bulging bladder like she was stroking a puppy. Leaning back a little and still squirming, she moved her hand down towards her vulva, feeling the warmth of her sex radiating heat before she even made contact. Touching herself, gently at first, she ran her fingers up the length of her clean shaven lips.

She could feel her hands trembling and her pussy contracting rhythmically beneath her fingers, her muscles fighting to hold back the copious volume of liquid bearing down on them. She probed deeper, surprised to find herself slick and slippery. She didn’t understand why, but she knew that pee alone couldn’t possibly be responsible for how wet she was. She separated her lips easily before burying several fingers between them, massaging her pee hole directly in an attempt to delay the inevitable.

“Please … please give me back the bottle. I’m about to wee myself. Now isn’t the time for your autobiography!” Megan pleaded, her voice unsteady.

“It’s important, and it really can’t wait” Sarah insisted.

“Neither can I! It’s all going to come out, all over your seat if you don’t let me go.”

Megan was feeling sorry for herself. Until a few weeks ago she would never have even entertained the thought of finding herself in a situation where she would be forced to wet herself. She was strong and had impeccable bladder control, and the idea of being unable to wait was simply something she never thought possible. Until Sarah, that was. Sarah had changed her life in so many ways, and with that change had come almost an expectation that she would end up desperate to pee on a regular basis.

She continued probing her urethra, feeling the little hole as a small bump beneath her fingers, while her other hand gripped her bare thigh tightly. Busting, feeling like she was moments away from spraying hot pee all over the seat and into the foot well, there was another feeling starting to build that was beginning to confuse things. It had happened before and it was happening again now, and she simply didn’t understand why her body became so aroused when she was so desperate for a wee. The stinging urgency was beginning to combine with an altogether more pleasurable feeling, and never before had pain felt so good!

Sarah figured she must have died and gone to heaven. At least, if her heart tried to beat any harder she would be finding herself there shortly. She was nervous and excited, and prayed that Megan would understand what she was about to tell her. She watched her with wide unflinching eyes, afraid that a single blink might cause her to miss something. Mesmerised by the display, she watched Megan’s hand as several fingers disappeared up between the folds of her womanhood, her lips closing neatly around them. Things just don’t get any better than this, she thought.

“After everything we’ve shared, do you really have no idea what I might want to tell you?” Sarah questioned, delaying the moment of truth and looking for an easier way of doing this. She had never admitted it to anyone before, and was so very scared of the reaction. So very scared of rejection. As confident as she appeared on the outside, on the inside she was in turmoil. She tried to carry on, but the words got stuck in her throat and remained unspoken.

Megan tried to prise her thoughts away from her desperate, aching bladder, but it wasn’t easy. However, she knew this was important. Sarah had never sounded this serious before, and she wanted to give it her full attention. She pressed her fingers up hard against her straining wee hole, but time was running out. She considered Sarah’s question, thinking about it for a long moment, but said nothing. Given recent events she had an inkling of what she was about to be told, but she wasn’t going to make it easy for her, certainly not while enduring such an urgent, frantic need to pee.

Sarah was tense and her throat felt suddenly very dry. The power of speech had momentarily evaded her as she desperately thought for another way of explaining her deepest secret. I have a fetish! And seeing you desperate for a pee turns me on so much I might just spontaneously orgasm! The words were there, poised, but she just couldn’t get them out.

Megan looked at her, pleading for her to hurry up. She felt a droplet of pee leak past her fingers. Just tell me! It will be alright, I promise! But neither girl said a word.

Sarah could take the suspense no more, and without words there was only one thing she could think to do that might help her explain. She paused a moment longer, all the while watching Megan’s hand like a hawk as it continued to work her feminine folds. Sensing that Megan’s pee would shortly be making a swift escape, she leaned over, very gently placing her own hand over Megan’s. Instantly she felt the warmth radiating from between those rhythmically tensing thighs. She left it there for a moment, feeling Megan’s hand beneath hers as it rubbed and toyed at the soft pink folds of flesh beneath.

“Please, help me hold it” Megan said in a low sultry whisper. Instinctively she slid her own hand out of the way, praying Sarah would continue holding and squeezing for her. Without that support, she would pee herself in a matter of seconds for sure. Sarah didn’t disappoint and immediately began caressing and stroking, teasing a little before finding her urethra and rubbing it firmly. Megan felt her pussy twitch as Sarah’s touch sent a shiver up through her body, goose bumps forming on her exposed flesh.

Megan closed her eyes and held her breath. Not now, please just stay in a little longer. She clenched and strained against the ever increasing volume of liquid inside her already bulging abdomen. Focused, her whole existence was suddenly solely about not completely embarrassing herself. Trembling and sweating, she could almost taste the pee, her whole body enveloped by an overwhelming urgency until … she lost control for the briefest of moments. As a high pressure jet of hot urine suddenly broke past her tiring sphincter, it was blocked momentarily by the force of Sarah’s fingers. Oh God, please stay in! Temporarily backing up inside her, she moaned loudly before it broke past the obstruction Sarah was providing, and a several second squirt suddenly hissed from Megan’s now engorged pussy. It sprayed with such force it ricocheted from Sarah’s hand, droplets of pee splashing all around.

Sarah felt the forceful gush spray into her hand and she instinctively tightened her grip a little. Smiling, she felt it jetting out, spurting into her palm and flowing between her fingers. As quickly as it started, it died away as Megan’s muscles regained a degree of control, at least for another few minutes. The majority had dripped down and trickled between her legs, forming a small puddle on the seat. The leather was preventing it from soaking away, and it remained there, a shining beacon of embarrassment for poor Megan. The small amount that had burst out hadn’t helped. If anything, she now felt more like she was about to lose it completely.

“I’m so sorry” was all Megan could muster as she blushed a deep shade of red. Avoiding eye contact, she didn’t notice Sarah’s wide smile and flushed cheeks. Sarah had to explain now, before it was too late. Reluctantly removing her hand from Megan’s still dripping fanny, she instead once again took hold of her hand. Feeling extremely exposed, Megan clenched her legs together, desperately trying to find a way of re-applying some of the lost pressure.

“I want you to feel something” Sarah braved as she brought Megan’s now unresisting hand towards her own body. She was feeling uneasy as the moment of truth drew nearer. “I want you to feel what you do to me, when you’re … in the state you are now.”

Megan guessed what was coming, but she let her guide her hand. First, it came to rest on Sarah’s navel as she waited for her to unbutton her shorts. Then, slowly, as if Sarah was having second thoughts about what she was about to do, she steered Megan’s hand down inside her waistband, giving her access to the one part of her body that was in such urgent need of being touched.

“And I can assure you that none of that is pee” Sarah smiled, praying for a positive reaction in response.

Megan tentatively touched Sarah’s pussy, running her fingers up its length in the same way she had played with her own just a few seconds ago. Sarah was wet, really wet. Her fingers glided between her lips, and as she approached the top, she felt Sarah’s erect clitoris standing proud and firm. She couldn’t resist running her fingers over it, very gently and in a tight circular motion. She smiled to herself as she felt Sarah respond, bucking and pushing down against her hand. But she had to stop. Her own need was growing again, and she didn’t want to pee herself, not yet. She withdrew, copious volumes of Sarah’s love juice forming strings between her fingers. She returned her hand to its original position between her own legs, Sarah’s fluids mingling with her own as she once again began to push on her pee hole. She was so close, so close to losing it completely. But she had to hold on, for Sarah. Realising the silence was getting awkward, she finally broke it.

“Please let me pee” Megan said, a wide smile spreading across her face. They looked at each other in silence, and no more words were required. Megan understood, and Sarah knew she understood. Hoping she had allayed Sarah’s fears, she knew that actions always spoke louder than words. With both girls now locked in a loving, lustful gaze, they leaned in to each other, kissing passionately, exploring each other’s mouths with their tongues. Megan felt Sarah caress her hair, running her fingers through it and down towards her neck before holding there. The world around them disappeared as each became the others only thought and feeling, losing themselves in a world of lust and desire.

The noise of a car horn broke the spell and Megan was the first to withdraw. Sarah’s eyes remained closed for a moment longer as she dragged her mind back into the real world and out of Megan’s underwear. She so desperately wanted to pounce on her right here, but the busy road beside them reminded her that patience would be the order of the day.

“I need a wee so badly, I don’t know if I can hold it much longer” Megan murmured, worry and a little fear expressed by a fleeting facial expression.

Sarah paused as if contemplating Megan’s statement for a moment. Eventually she replied “No, not yet, I’m loving watching you far too much to just let you pee now! I’m sure you can hold it for just a little while longer if you put your mind to it. Just until we get to the park, then I might let you go. OK?”

There was another long pause before Megan said “I’ll try. For you I’ll try anything, but it’s going to take much more than just my mind to stop any more from bursting out!”

Sarah started the engine whilst Megan looked around for some tissues to mop up the small puddle that had now begun to seep under her bum. As Sarah pulled away, Megan placed the bundle of tissue between her legs and watched it absorb her pee from the seat. The temptation to wee a little into it was enormous, but she refrained, sensing that Sarah would somehow know what she had done. With the tissue saturated and dripping, she wound down the window and hurled it out before getting another one and drying properly. She knew she would probably leak some more at any moment, but for now she was dry again. She pulled up her knickers and leggings, feeling the damp fabric cold against her skin. Turning on the radio, Megan began a seated pee dance in time to the music and wedged both hands between her legs. Pressing up on herself with all the strength she could muster, she prayed for the next 15 minutes to pass quickly.

