Trevor's Experience

Author: secretomorashifan

*000*2012-03-11 04:48

Okay everyone so this is my very first omorashi story ever. I'm kind of nervous about posting it but I hope it is satisfactory. I'm more of a poem person.

Oh well, I hope you guys enjoy it. Please comment, make suggestions, and ideas. If this goes well I'll make this Trevor thing into a series of short stories. I have lots of ideas and would love to hear yours also...

Well, enjoy! I hope its not too long or drawn out for your taste.

It was about 9 a.m. and Trevor decided that he wanted to fill his bladder to the brim. Now he already had to pee a bit from the night before and he wanted the desperation to last a really long time so he went to empty his bladder completely and start off fresh. At about 9:15 he had his first bottle and 1/2 of water which was how much his stomach could hold without being too uncomfortable or nauseous. Then went about his daily activities for the next 15 minutes or so, fixing his bed, taking out the trash in his room and taking a shower. At about 9:30 Trevor downed 2 more bottles of water. He couldn't really feel any thing in his bladder at all but his stomach was very full and so he sat down until the pressure in his stomach eased a bit.

At around 9:50, Trevor was beginning to get rather impatient as he pushed down on his bladder to see if he could feel some signals that he was filling up yet. He still didn't really feel any thing so to speed up the process a bit more, Trevor drank 2 more bottles of water and went into the living room with his mom and brother and watched a movie. Once the movie was over his mom went into the kitchen to get some bottled water and when she found that there were only 2 bottles left called out to her sons, "Where is all the bottled water, guys? I just bought the case yesterday!" Neither of the boys answered because they were too absorbed in the video game they had begun to play, or so it seemed. Trevor had heard his mother but decided against saying anything. "TREVOR, I told you to wash these dishes and clean the oven YESTERDAY! Get in here and get to it, NOW!"

"Hahahaha" taunted Trevor's twin brother, Tyler. Trevor looked at his brother and got up form the couch. All at once he felt those 6 bottles of water make themselves present. This is it, he thought, I'm finally going to get to wet. As he headed towards the stairs to go to his room to get ready his mom caught him and said "Did you not hear me Trevor? Get to your responsibilities now!" Trevor's bladder contracted extremely hard and it took all of his will power not to grab himself and bolt up the stairs to the bathroom. Instead his just nodded his head and went into the kitchen. Once he was in the kitchen away from his mother he grabbed his quivering pipe to try and ease the urgency. While he was trying to get his bladder under control so that he could start his chores, he didn't realize that his mother had walked in behind him to check and see if he had started.

"What are you waiting for Trev, do the dishes, Tyler is going to do the oven." Immediately Trevor had to take his hand away from his throbbing penis and put his hands into the warm relaxing water. Again his bladder contracted with more force than the previous one and he began to feel urine moving into his penis fast. His mom was still in the kitchen and that prevented him from holding himself like he wanted and so desperately needed to. He was only half way through the dishes and he could tell that he was barely going to make it to the end. He was wearing gray jeans so there would be no way of hiding it.

Along with his desperation he was very aroused and that could definitely be seen. As Trevor was starting to wash the silverware his mother walked out of the kitchen and into her bedroom. He didn't know where his brother was but at this point it didn't matter. His need to pee was making him extremely aroused. He stuck his hand into his boxer and started to squeeze and massage his aching member, he closed his eyes as he thought how good it felt and the warmth of his hand added to his arousal.

Seconds away from cumming his brother walked into the kitchen and tossed a bowl and a plate in the sink full of water causing some of the water to splash up on Trevor and wet his pants a bit. Suddenly the warmth was too much to handle, Trevor climaxed right then and there, it was so good that his vision went dark as his was standing there. As it came to an end hot liquid began to pour from his bladder into his penis and then into his pants. Trevor, realizing that his brother was still in the kitchen, ran up to his room, spurting the whole way.

By the time that Trevor was in his room his entire left pant leg was soaked in hot urine. Just standing there looking at himself in his wet pants made him hard yet again and stemmed off the flow leaving him with a still achingly full bladder. This time he came fast and then began to wet himself once again. He wanted to have a bit more fun with it so he laid in his bed on his stomach and bent his manhood up so that it was right under his bladder and he relaxed so that he was completely soaked. Then he turned over on his back and emptied the rest of his bladder. When he was done all he could do was just lay there for a while because he was completely exhausted. Then he got up, changed clothes and bedding and put it in his clothes hamper in his closet, went back downstairs and finished the dishes and was glad that his brother nor mother was none the wiser.

Comment away everyone!

