A WOMAN OF GRACE

Author: Jane Jones

*000*2020-02-27 13:27

Hey everyone! My latest Amazon Omorashi story is up and I hope you all really enjoy it. I've attached a link to the full story below, I hope you all enjoy this short extract:

SUMMARY:

Anika: A bride-to-be in a lavish Indian wedding; spread over three days, finds herself growing more and more desperate for the bathroom as she is constantly denied relief. Can she hold on for long enough or will she disgrace herself on her happiest day?

A WOMAN OF GRACE

And so, our long journey began. Anika loosened the strings around her gown, loudly moaning in relief as some tension came away from her stomach; blushing as she did so. She cradled her full bladder, stroking it gently to try and ease the pain and I played Indian-pop music to block out the sound of the rain from her ears. We talked and drove for two hours, as I did my best to distract Anika even as I saw her desperation; now clearly visible, worsening.

Her thighs rubbed together tightly and often as the miles passed, her legs now firmly clamped shut and often shaking, bouncing or occasionally re-twisting around each other into odd positions; that would help Anika find the strength to continue holding on. Eventually; blushing bright red as she did so, her hands found their way between her legs, at first occasionally holding but by the time of the first hour mark, they were regularly grabbing and by the second, firmly placed between her legs; grabbing herself tightly. She moved around on her seat, squirming and fidgeting with each new burst of desperation; reminding me of times I’d been desperate on long car journeys with my parents as a child. I doubt Anika could relate to that, yet she was certainly experiencing that kind of frustration from being unable to stop for a break; yet holding more than you think you can, for long periods of time.

“Oh this hurts so bad” she said; sometime into the second hour. “It hurts so fucking badly. I’d never had to piss so much”.

The vulgarity of her language shocked me; I was so used to her sophisticated speech style, which highlighted just how desperate Anika had become. She was constantly wiggling, shaking; practically vibrating at times and I wondered whether she had hours left that she could hold for; or minutes.

“Anika, how long have you been holding all this now?”.

“Hmm, by this point, I think about… oooh, oh… that hurts. At least 70 hours”.

“H-how Anika? Why didn’t you go before?”.

“The first day and a half, I didn’t even need to, I usually go about once-every two days. The second evening, we were surrounded constantly and I didn’t want to excuse myself publically, so I thought I’d go when we got home but I fell asleep and this morning was so hectic; my sisters literally didn’t leave me alone for a second, constantly helping me to get ready. Each time Samiya got up to use the bathroom while the others kept me from going, I swear I wanted to slap every one of them”.

I burst out laughing, which caused Anika to laugh at how grumpily frustrated she’d become; before she moaned in pain as the laughter caused her to double over.

“Sorry” I said. “Still, how do you hold that much?”.

“I’ve always been able to hold way more than normal. My mum’s the same and she showed me her techniques to last even stronger and every year, I’ve been able to hold more. When I was ten, I could go at least an entire day without relief. By sixteen, I could last almost two-days and for a couple of years now, I’ve usually been able to go two or three full days; sometimes more, if I drink or eat less. But I drank so much and I really wish I hadn’t right now”.

Several more minutes passed and Anika’s desperation worsened rapidly. She was now regularly bouncing up and down, moaning regularly in pain from her mammoth bladder’s unbelievable strain and I knew she was absolutely bursting; her sphincter exhausted, her bladder just too unbearably full: Only her sheer willpower and iron-grip was keeping her in control now, along with her self-belief as she kept saying over and over: “I can make it”, “I can make it, I can make it”.

A few more minutes passed. In just over three-quarters of an hour, we’d arrive. Within the hour, Anika could get the relief she so badly needed. I looked over to her and saw tears in her eyes, her body violently shaking; her chants having stopped. She looked up at me, fear, humiliation and despair in her eyes:

“Baru… I don’t think I can make it”.

%https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B0856VVJQ4/ref=sr_1_4?keywords=A+Woman+of+Grace&qid=1582808018&s=digital-text&sr=1-4

$$

