The Magic of Desperation, Ch. 3

Author: Foxlover

*000*2013-03-12 23:36

Sorry this is a long time comin' folks...

The bus arrived right on time, which Kari was glad about. She wanted dearly to start on her day of vengeance. At long last, Alissa Hawthorne would get her comeuppance. She stepped onto the bus and took a seat next to a girl named Doreen. Doreen was pretty, with luscious black hair and startlingly green eyes, just as pretty as any of the cheerleaders. She and Kari weren’t exactly best friends, but she, like Kari, hated the cheerleaders for their arrogance and cruelty, so they sort of hung together with a common enemy. Actually, Doreen had helped Kari with her “accident-prone” nature, giving her a schedule for bathroom time to avoid any humiliating incidents. Doreen smiled slightly as Kari plunked down next to her.

“Hiya, Kari”, she said, smiling. “Good thing it’s a field trip today… I had a test in Mrs. Thornton’s class that I totally blew off studying for.” Kari had to laugh at this, because Doreen NEVER blew anything off. She was a straight-A student, probably the smartest in the school after Kari. They talked a bit how the field trip was probably gonna be lame but how it was nice that they got

Friday off from school for it. As the bus pulled up into the parking lot for the front entrance, Kari had something nagging at the back of her mind about

Doreen, but she couldn’t quite place it, so she decided to leave it alone for the time being. Walking into the school, she was so preoccupied that she didn’t even notice Ms. Thane, the principal, bustling past her in a beeline for the ladies’ room. She entered her class room and sat in her usual seat at the front of the class, squinting a bit to keep the honey-colored sunlight out of her eyes from the nearby window. While Ms. Roberts took role, Kari snuck a look behind her. Alissa was being her usual flirtatious self, repeatedly dropping her pencil as to give the boy on her left an eyeful down her shirt and the one on her right, a full-frontal of her ample ass. “Alissa Hawthorne?” said Ms. Roberts in her sing-song voice. Alissa paused her provocative pencil-grabbing long enough to look up at her teacher.

“Yes’m?” she asked. Ms. Roberts frowned disapprovingly, and Kari knew that her teacher had seen the way Alissa was flaunting her flesh. “I have put you in charge of the cooler for the trip, so you will be distributing the refreshments to the other students.” Alissa rolled her eyes. “Um, Ms. ROBerts, how am I supposed to keep everyone’s morale up for this trip if I’m stuck doing menial labor?” She gasped, as though she’d had a brilliant idea, which immediately made Kari groan inwardly. “Why don’t you get Kari to do it? I’m sure she’s great at this stuff, she never has anything better to do.” Ms. Roberts frowned again, and then turned to Kari. “Would you be willing-“ “YES!” Kari said so suddenly even

Alissa was surprised. “I mean…sure, whatever…” Alissa smiled her trademark poisoned-honey smile, and Ms. Roberts gave the cooler to Kari. Kari could hardly contain her glee. Alissa had not just given her the cooler, but control over the severely shrunken bladders of her and every other girl that had been mean to her. She checked the cooler to inspect what weapons of warfare she had been provided with. The cooler was chock full of bottles after bottles of water, soda, grape juice, lattes (bottled lattes?) and apple juice. Oh yes, this was going to be fun.

As they all filed onto the bus, Kari passed most of the seats and took a window seat at the back of the bus, as to have a good view of what was to come. As the bus rolled out of the school parking lot, Kari waited till she felt that the girls’ bladders were dangerously far from any kind of relief before she started handing out the drinks. Bottle after bottle was guzzled as the girls laughed and talked and basically ignored Kari, which was fine by her. After a while, she began to wish that she could see how the liquid was progressing when she spotted the wizard in the seat next to her. She managed to stifle a yelp. The wizard grinned and handed her a pair of normal looking glasses. “Just so you can…see everything that’s going on.” He winked one of his piercing blue eyes and disappeared. Kari looked at the glasses. They felt normal when Kari exchanged her old ones for these new specs. They were even in her prescription.

She looked around, and everything seemed normal, but she almost had to stifle a gasp again. Every girl on the bus now looked as if they had a long tube running down their neck, connecting to two kidney bean looking organs and a pouch-looking sac. With a gasp, Kari realized that she could see every girl’s bladder, and she was pleased to see that they were filling quite nicely. Alissa herself was fidgeting a bit. Her bladder was almost full, and she had a nice bulge in her abdomen. Kari was about to take them off when she noticed Ms. Roberts, sitting in the seat next to her, legs crossed, tapping her foot on the floor, and Doreen, who was squirming incessantly. Through her specs, she could see that Ms. Roberts’ bladder was filling rapidly, as was Doreen’s. Oh no! she thought furiously. I forgot…the wizard shrunk EVERY girl’s bladder! Shit! Kari took off the glasses and shoved them in her pocket, and then she heard a groan from ahead.

Gina, a Latina girl on the cheerleading squad that had been one of the girls to lock the bathroom door at school, had her hand on her stomach, and Kari was delighted to see how swollen it was. Looking around, she saw a blonde girl in jeans and a t-shirt rub her peehole furiously, and another brunette bouncing up and down in the seat. “God, I have to pee so bad…why do I have to pee so bad, I didn’t even drink that much… I hope we stop soon, I’m gonna wet myself!” she heard some of the girls whisper, much to her delight. Doreen groaned nervously and sat with her legs pressed tightly together. “Ohhhh, man, Kari, I’ve gotta go, REALLY bad…” Ms. Roberts, in the seat next to her, rubbed her back sympathetically. “We’ll be fine, sweetie…if it makes you feel any better, I’m in pretty bad shape too…” The teacher drew a sharp breath, rocking back and forth.

As the bus neared its destination, the level of desperation was reaching a fever pitch. Even Kari was beginning to squirm now. Nervously, she put the glasses back on, and she was amazed at what she saw. Every bladder was round, bulbous and pulsing with pent up urine. “Ooooh, shit, Alissa, I…I can’t wait much longer!” Gina groaned. Alissa just shot her an annoyed look. “Shut up talking about it, you’re gonna make me pee myself?” she spat waspishly, shoving her hands between her legs and bouncing up and down. Doreen looked about ready to pop. “Ohshitohshitohshit…” she breathed. Ms. Roberts was breathing hard. “I feel your pain, dear, I (oh) don’t think I’m going to make it…”

Suddenly, Doreen bent down. “Hey, we can just use the bottles! They’re all plastic, we can throw them away when we get there!” The girls all up and down the bus turned around and began nodding assent, and there was a dull roar permeated with little “oh messes” and “oohs” and “ahhs” as the girls scrounged for makeshift pee receptacles. Suddenly, there was a sound of mass uncorking and splatters of liquid on plastic, followed by a loud, collective groan as the girls emptied their bursting bladders into the bottles. Doreen had her eyes closed and her face slack with relief as she peed into her latte bottle. Ms. Roberts looked a little red, but an especially severe pang from her abdomen quickly made her decision for her. With trembling fingers, she quickly undid the cap of the water bottle she was holding and thrust it under her skirts.

Kari heard a small trickle, and then a loud patter as Ms. Roberts sighed in relief. Kari was just about to do the same when she heard a voice loudly whisper her name. “Kari!” It was Alissa Hawthorne. Her blue eyes danced with desperation. One hand was buried beneath her skirt, the other on the seat. Kari merely looked at her, surprised that the great Alissa Hawthorne would DARE deign to speak to Kari. “What?” she said, disdainfully. Alissa pursed her lips.

“Are you gonna use that?” she whispered fervently, nodding her head at the empty bottle in Kari’s hand. Kari slowly shook her head, wondering if this was going where she thought this was going. “C-can I have it? Please, Kari, I’m gonna burst!” she whined, her eyes welling with tears, stretching out her hand toward the bottle. “Please, I can’t…I can’t hold it any longer, Kari, please!” she bit her lower lip, shaking with the effort of containing her long-held waters.

To be continued....

*007*2013-03-15 13:34

{{: 

I really love the way you describe desperation, but the story feels somewhat hard to read due to no proper splitting in paragraphs, and you could balance out the pacing a little.

}}

Believe me, if I knew how to work the darn format on this site, I would.

*009*2013-03-17 00:07

{{: 

I don't mean the formatting (for that, just ask and it'll be done); I just mean the general paragraph structure. For one, English generally doesn't allow multiple people to speak in a paragraph.

}}

Ah, I see what you mean...should I correct it and reupload it?

*011*2013-03-17 00:36

{{: 

Eh, it's your story; you can correct it if you want, or just keep it in mind for the future, or just ignore it entirely.

}}

Well, only a fool ignores good advice...so I'll keep it in mind. :)

*014*2013-10-18 01:40

To whom it may concern:

I have decided to return to this story. However, I would like some thoughts first.

Everyone on this thread has read the chapter, so, do you think Kari should

A. Exact sweet, wet revenge on Alissa Hawethorne and get some much needed relief for herself?

Or

B. Be the bigger person and allow Alissa the relief she so desperately craves...while sacrificing the chance to avoid pouring her overfull bladder out onto the bus seat?

The choice is yours, ladies and gentlemen...

