My Girlfriend the Heroine

Author: Infernal

*000*2013-03-27 08:16

I was browsing through old stuff I'd written when I came across this. I don't remember when I wrote it or for what purpose, and it's not really a story so much as it is the introduction to one. There's not a whole lot to it, but hey, I liked it and figured I might as well share what I did end up writing.

Note that this story is written from the first-person perspective of one character; this isn't an actual experience or anything. It's all fiction.

###

My girlfriend is amazing. Perhaps extraordinary would be a better word.

I've always been pretty laid-back and relaxed about things. I find that life is too short to worry much about the small things, especially if they're not enough to really cause a bother. I mean, I know that there are probably some guys who would have problems with the fact that their girlfriend is stronger than they are by a large margin, or that she has some kind of power that you don't understand and can't really comprehend. It can be scary to look at things like that, but from my perspective, I just think of it in terms of "My girlfriend can really kick some ass" and I'm proud of her.

When your girlfriend is the kind of heroine who's out there busting her ass to keep megalomaniacal creeps from ruining things for everyone, it seems to me that a little humility is in order anyway. I don't have a problem with indulging in her kinks and desires, being on the bottom during sex once in a while, and being the one who wakes up every morning to make the coffee. I enjoy the current state of affairs, and as of late, there haven't been many crazy people thinking they can get away with grandiose shit. Thing is, if they knew what I knew, they might get away with more.

Yeah, my girlfriend is super strong, amazingly resilient, sharp as a tack and amazing in bed, but she's got one really huge weak point. A weak point only I and someone else know about. Let's be honest here - I'm kind of a pervert, and so is she, we've got some fetishes between us that are probably well out of the mainstream, but that doesn't ever stop us from having fun. What she doesn't know, however, is that I know her weak point, and as of late I sold knowledge of it to someone who's been having me make use of it in... creative... ways, ever since.

This morning would be no different, as I opened my eyes, put on my glasses, and paused for the minute or so it would take me to build up the willpower to get out of bed and downstairs to the kitchen. The knowledge of what I was going to do, however, made that much easier, and as carefully as possible I eased out of bed so as not to wake her up, slipped on some clothing and tiptoed down into the kitchen, where I had left my phone charging. While I filled the coffee pot with water and got a filter and grounds out of the cabinet, I turned on my phone, and checked it for new messages. The one I had been hoping to find was there.

Stakeout today. Give her an extra dose - M.

I admit, it's probably a bit strange for someone to get an erection from making coffee. It wasn't just the making of the coffee that aroused me, though - it was the coffee-like substance that I plucked from a hidden corner of a spice cabinet. I took two pinches of the fine powder from the pouch and added them to the coffee, then poured in the water and set the pot in place as the coffee began to drip. You see, my amazing girlfriend's one big weakness is her bladder. Not that it's weak - not by a long shot. Her bladder is more like one of those containment devices for nuclear waste.

Nothing leaks out of it for like, fifty years, unless someone tampers with it. In this case, the person doing the tampering was me. I was hard as a rock by now, but thankfully as a male I could write this off to normal morning wood and not look suspicious in the slightest. The coffee brewing, I tiptoed back up the stairs, checked the clock, and kissed her on the cheek gently, whispering in her ear: "Come on, babe. Time to get up." The short blonde hair shifted slightly as she rolled onto her back, letting me see her cute face with eyes still closed, and I kissed her again on the lips, this time met by a tongue which quested out from her mouth and tried to gain entry to mine. That was definitely no sleepy reflex kiss.

"Already?" she asked with a sleepy murmur, and I nodded, despite the fact that her eyes were still closed. "Shit, I have to piss. I had too much to drink last night." Though I always would steer her towards bed when she'd been drinking and get her to sleep without visiting the toilet, my girlfriend's iron bladder had yet to burst in her sleep. But she almost always woke up with a throbbing need to go, and reluctantly she threw back the covers, giving me a glimpse of her curvy body and luscious big tits, which I couldn't help but grope as she sat up in bed, evoking a soft sigh of pleasure. "Mmm." I distracted her further with another kiss, sucking firmly on the side of her neck, sitting behind her and letting her feel the pressure of my hard penis against her back. "Damn it. Is it going to be the stakeout today? Still no word?" she asked, referring to her partner who took the night shift, and I nodded, giving her shoulders a quick rub. "Shit. I've gotten up all horny... fuck."

"Coffee will be ready when you get downstairs," I said, giving her a swat on the butt. "I'll start making us something to eat." Gingerly, she rose from the bed, and openly holding her crotch she started to waddle slowly towards the bathroom. No leaks that I could detect, running my hand against the sheets where she'd been sitting, and again where she'd been laying down as she slept. That's my girl. Still hard as a stone, I considered jerking off before going to cook, but decided against it. She'd likely be gone all day, and I would have plenty of time to entertain myself.

Walking more normally this time, I descended the staircase, and went back into the kitchen, opening the fridge for some eggs and bacon and untwisting the twist tie on the loaf of bread. Percolating away steadily, the coffee pot was about half full at this point, and I heard the bathroom door shut, then the shower turn on. I smirked; she's so proud of her giant bladder that it would be just like her to force herself to shower before using the toilet. I doubted she'd pee in the shower. The thought of her grabbing her crotch and bending double as the hot water streamed all over her body kept me hard, and I started cracking some eggs to make scrambled eggs and bacon.

The shower ran for about ten minutes, ten minutes that I could only imagine were pure blissful torture for my girlfriend the heroine. You see, while she can hold her piss like no one's business, it definitely has a... weakening effect on her to be so full. After she lets go, she recovers soon enough, but coupling her pride together with her immense holding power means that I can get away with quite a lot of shenanigans. Of course, I was going to be drinking this coffee too, and I'd probably be wetting like the dickens all day.

Difference is, I'll be able to walk fifteen feet to the toilet and relieve myself immediately, while she's going to be who knows where maintaining a constant vigil on some boring building or what have you, with only her aching bladder for company. If I was in her place, I'd probably be wetting my pants three times at the least, because my bladder is tiny as hell and holds maybe a few thimblefuls before I lose it. When the coffee finished percolating, I poured a big mug for each of us, and setting out a plate with some eggs, bacon, toast and a small butter dish, I set her place first and then continued to work on my own breakfast.

Like I said, I'm comfortable with this role reversal, especially when it means I get to fuck with her this much. The shower had stopped, and the toilet flushed, and soon enough she came into the kitchen dressed smartly in a business jacket and skirt. Power attire. "You're the best," she says, flashing me an amazing smile, and I kiss her as she sits down for breakfast. "Today is going to be boring as hell. I can't even use my smartphone because it might set off some sensors or something. All I'm going to have is a book and thoughts of you to get me through the day."

Then she gave me a downright evil grin, and I knew I was about to be in for something. Between scrapes of the butter knife on the toast she laid out her ultimatum: "You've got the world's biggest morning wood today. I don't want you jerking off at all until I get home. Got it? You know I'll know if you do." And she would. Immediately I realized I was facing a very long day myself, because thoughts of her desperate suffering would be with me the entire time she was gone, keeping me in a state of perpetual hardness. I pouted as I set out my own breakfast, but watching her drink her coffee with gusto while she attacked her breakfast distracted me from objecting too much.

We made small talk over the table for another fifteen minutes or so, and I glanced at the clock. Still ten minutes before she had to leave, and she was starting to squirm in her chair. If I didn't distract her, she'd probably go pee again before leaving, and that wouldn't be any fun... hell, I had to pee, too, but being hard kept the urge down for the time being. Sometimes being a guy has huge advantages, and as I stood up to clear my plate and make like I was going to take hers, I suddenly leaned down and kissed her hard on the mouth, hard enough that she started to moan gently and thrust her tongue against mine.

Breaking the kiss after a minute, she gave me a grin, cheeks flushed rosy red, and winked. "I love getting a goodbye kiss," she murmured, standing up, but when she did so I suddenly pressed her against the wall and kissed her again, my erection rubbing lightly against her thigh, through my clothing and hers. I could feel how her legs were shifting uncomfortably against one another, an echo of how my own bladder was starting to protest and a hot pressure was growing at the base of my penis.

I wasn't kidding myself - if she really didn't want this, then she could have pushed me away with about as much effort as it takes to push one's chair in. Or judo-thrown me to the floor so hard it would break bones. The only reason I was getting away with this is because she was letting me. Thankfully, it distracted her from her throbbing bladder, and when I pressed up against her she ran her hands against my back and shivered, letting out a soft mewl of pleasure as my fingers massaged her breasts lightly through the white button-up shirt.

"Yes... yes, oh, fuck... mmm, yeah... shit... I really... mmh... it's almost time, I have to..."

I glanced at the clock, distracted her with one more long kiss, and then broke away with a grin on my face - one that was actualy hard to maintain because my own bladder was starting to scream with discontent, but if I wiggled around it might make her recall her own situation, and risk a quick bathroom break before heading out. "We'll continue this discussion when I get home," she said with a wink, and as I walked her to the door for one last kiss, I inwardly rejoiced. Once she got in the car, there would be no pee breaks for... shit, I didn't even know how long.

"I'll look forward to that," I promised. "And I won't masturbate." She nodded, acknowledging her power to forbid me from self-gratification with just a word, and then made her way to the car, legs wiggling just a little bit as she did. Maybe, I thought, as I saw her get in the car and drive off, maybe it's fucked up and messed up and wrong or whatever, but it seems like sometimes our relationship is built on mutually fucking with each other.

Shit, I had to piss. Once her car was out of sight, I hurried back into the house and walked quickly to the toilet, only to realize I'd gotten hard again, and I did a stupid-looking pee dance in front of the toilet with my cock out and bouncing up and down, begging for release but too damn stupid to get soft so I could pee... had I somehow missed her spiking my drink with Viagra again? I sure as hell hoped not.

This was going to be a long day...

*004*2013-03-29 05:48

Thanks for the feedback. I was bored at work today so I worked up a little continuation. Hope you all enjoy it =) This one has male desperation and wetting along with female desperation and peeing.

###

One would be forgiven for thinking me strange if they happened to see me as I was now, completely dry yet with a towel wrapped around my waist and otherwise naked as I made sure that the stew I was making would keep if I left it for twenty minutes or so. There is a reason for this, though, I promise. I was keeping an ear cocked for the sound of the returning car which would signal my girlfriend's return. Unless something unexpected had happened, she would barrel through the front door like she usually did when I messed with her coffee, making a beeline for the bathroom where I would be ever so inconveniently taking a shower.

The shower was, in fact, already running, so that I could race for it and slam the door shut behind me and make it seem like I'd just happened to be in there when she returned, dying for the toilet. Satisfied with my culinary efforts, I looked around the kitchen to see if anything else needed doing, decided that it didn't, and tried to think on how to spend my time. I had an erection which had been bothering me all day, and my heart was thudding with evil anticipation, such that when I first heard the telltale sounds of a car engine my adrenaline-fueled dash for the bathroom had me nearly walking on my toes.

Our bathroom door jams. When it does so, you have to spend a while jiggling and fiddling with the knob from the outside, but it can be opened without much effort from the inside. It's finicky, and it usually works just fine, but I had accidentally stumbled upon a way to make it jam reliably; slam it closed. That's precisely what I did, whipping the towel off from around my waist and hanging it on the hook, then gingerly making my way into the shower; it'd ruin the fun if I slipped and ended up in the hospital for being a dumbass.

Once inside the shower, I grinned, feeling the warm glow of the water and of a plan well conceived. She'd be bursting, probably on the edge of leaking, and having to deal with the janky door while hearing the shower running might push her over the edge. Maybe. It was hard to tell what pushed her over the edge. But I could hear the front door slam closed, and frantic footsteps race down the hall before the jiggling sound of the doorknob reached my ears. "Oh, god, open up, please!" I heard her anguished cry.

"What?" I called back loudly, pretending to have not heard her, the image of her dancing outside in the hall conjured up in my head. "Dinner's almost ready," I added without her asking anything else, for the sake of pretending I'd misunderstood what she had said. Never let it be said that my girlfriend the heroine doesn't keep life interesting, though; I suddenly heard a wrenching, creaking, then a sharp report and a heavy clatter before her silhouette passed by the shower curtain and she dropped onto the toilet, peeing with such force that I wondered if she'd shatter the porcelain of the toilet bowl. Impatient to relieve herself, she had apparently thrown all her might against the door and broken it clean off of its hinges, and I could only laugh. "What's wrong?" I asked her, although I knew fully, and she responded from where she sat on the toilet.

"You would not BELIEVE how bad I had to piss today! It was like some kind of fucking torture - I was in agony starting at about noon." There was a pause, and the hissing sound of the water made an interestingly different sound than the hissing of her pee. "Oh god, ohhhh god. It feels so good it's like a fucking orgasm. Christ." Now there was an interesting thought. I knew, or suspected at least, that when she didn't need to be focused on something else, my girlfriend liked holding her pee to the point of desperate fullness. Even when she wasn't busy with a stakeout or something of the sort and we just had a lazy day at home, she'd keep holding until she was squirming out of her pants. "So what did you do today, hon? Nothing naughty I hope?"

"Speaking of peeing, do you have any idea how hard it is to go when you're popping a boner every hour? You have to do gymnastics over the toilet to get your dick pointed in the right direction." I heard her laugh, the sound of the pee changing pitch in a wobbling fashion before settling back down. The stream was still going, as far as I could hear. "Just did some shopping otherwise. I've got some beef stew going in the crock pot, it should be ready to eat pretty soon. Also got us a little bit of wine too." The wine was part of a separate plan. She'd start off drinking some of that and before long she'd be pounding back booze, getting tipsy and full, and I would again put her to bed without getting her to the toilet. I was bound and determined to make my girlfriend piss the bed, moreso because of the text I'd received in the afternoon:

See if you can make her pee the bed. Try convincing her she has something that needs checking out. We've got a setup ready for her. - M

"Sounds good," she said. "I'm going to go change." Throughout the whole conversation she'd been peeing, and she was still peeing now, a condition that continued for another minute. Finally, the sound of it tapered off, and she rose from the toilet and flushed - then giggled and walked out of the bathroom. The moment she had done so I leapt from the shower with a gasp, having felt the water temperature start to rise a bit, and turned off the water, surveying the damage to the door. The hinges had come clean off the doorframe, and though the door itself was thankfully in one piece, the frame would need to be repaired and a new door installed. Well, I supposed that for the next few days we wouldn't have a bathroom door at all. Finding my towel in the ruins of the bathroom door, I started to dry off, going back to our room to get some clothes for myself after I was mostly dry. Then it would be time for dinner.

###

She'd had a few glasses of wine and was already giggly. Dinner had been consumed, and I let her drink most of the wine, partly to get it into her system but mostly because I just don't like the taste of wine. The bottle I had gotten wasn't very large, and I'd only had a glass and a half myself, yet the day's ordeal of wetting every hour on the hour had left my bladder in a weakened state and I kind of had to go again. "We're out of wine," she said somewhat sadly. "Mix me something?" I downed the remainder of my wine and stood. "Nothing too strong," she said. "Just a little bit of alcohol." I nodded, and went into the kitchen, fixing us both glasses of whiskey and coke. Very little whiskey. I had no desire to get plastered either, but the tipsy buzz made playing around fun, and it would make it easier to get her into bed full.

When I came back into the living room and handed her drink over, she took a sip of it, nodded in approval, and then set her drink not on the side table but even further away than that, as far as she could reach and on the floor. That should have been a warning sign, but I didn't pick up on it, dicking around with the remote control and just about to rise and use the toilet when I felt her press into my side, push me down onto the couch, and kiss me. She took my glass, too, and set it far away, pressing me down into the couch cushions as her lips locked with mine. We were both a bit buzzed, she much more than me, but I wouldn't have refused this had I been stone sober. Making out on the couch made me forget that I had to pee, at least for a few minutes, and when I remembered the urge was stronger than ever. In between kisses I murmured: "Can you let me up quick?"

"Why?" she teased aggressively, sitting upright astride my waist, and grabbing my wrist when I tried to wiggle away. "C'mon, tell me," she taunted, tickling along my side and causing me to gasp and burst into laughter, the surprise of it making me leak a bit into my underwear. "Oh, you've gotta pee, hm? I felt that leak." Like I was a little kid, my girlfriend easily gathered up both wrists and pushed them above my head, and with a sudden panicked jolt I realized that I was completely fucked. "Say it. Tell me you've gotta tinkle or I'll tickle you and make you piss your pants."

"I have to pee," I confessed instantly. "God, don't tickle me. I'll burst. Please. You don't want me peeing on the couch, right?" But I suspected she wouldn't care at this point. Damn, she was so strong! I couldn't even pull one wrist free from that iron grip, watching her wiggling fingers warily. My bladder, without kissing to distract me from its signals, was now indicating its extreme displeasure in the form of hot, pulsing waves, urine pushing against my frantically clamped muscles. "Please. I can feel it at the base of my dick. I can't hold it if I can't grab myself." Her weight was actually in the right place to help a little, not pushing on my bladder, but without being able to cross my legs or squeeze I wouldn't last more than a minute. With each passing second I could feel the desire to void growing stronger within me, and she could most definitely feel the slightly damp patch as I wriggled and squirmed beneath her.

"But I like seeing you pee yourself," she said with a wicked grin. "You're sneaky and you slip off to the toilet all the time before I notice and can make you hold it. It's so fun to see you suffer so obviously." I had been listening to her and taken my attention off of her free hand for a fatal second, and without warning her fingers dived into my armpits and started scratching gently against the skin. I'm incredibly ticklish and this amuses her greatly, moreso when I have to pee, and I arched my back with a screech of laughter, loosing another squirt of urine into my already stained boxers.

"I know you can't take it," she whispered to me, stopping her tickling for just long enough to let me hear, and to revel in her power to make me piss myself. Agonizingly, with my bladder already throbbing and at the bursting point, my shorts already damp with failure, she touched her fingernails to the inside of my elbow and torturously walked them down my bicep, the ticklish sensation slowly blossoming - then disappearing just before reaching my armpits.

I could only gasp and shut my eyes tight, trying both not to laugh and not to pee myself as her fingernails teased my sensitive skin. And then it stopped. "Fine," she said with a sigh, rolling her eyes as she reluctantly got up and opened the way for me to spring off the couch and dash to the bathroom. Or so I thought; I was so desperate that sudden movements would lead to leaking, and though my first instinct was to grab my wet crotch and hold on tight, I found that it was difficult to move my legs in such a way that I could get off the couch. My girlfriend was delighted by my inability to move, and sat there at the foot of the couch with a huge grin. Gritting my teeth, I forced myself to do it all at once, squeezing hard against the leak and managing to make it to my feet with only a little bit more soaking of my underwear.

And then I felt my girlfriend's fingers in my armpits, tickling furiously. "Gotcha!" she taunted, and though I tried to squirm away and protect myself by pressing my arms to my sides, it was useless. I pissed my boxers thoroughly with my girlfriend's tipsy laughter teasing me, feeling the blessed relief of emptying my bladder mixed with the embarrassment of having thoroughly wet myself. I could only stand there awkwardly, laughing and shaking my head and grabbing myself as I lost control completely, the ordeal ending only when I had stopped peeing and my girlfriend slapped me on the ass playfully. "Take a shower. I'll finish your drink, since your bladder is obviously too weak to have anything else in it." Recovering from my embarrassment, I stuck my tongue out at her and retorted:

"I'll get you back for this." Her amused smirk was par for the course. I left her to drink both her whiskey and cola and mine as I went to first toss my soaked boxers into the laundry, then to take another quick shower to rinse off. By the time I was done with these chores my girlfriend had downed both drinks and was working on another one of hers, and I settled back down on the couch with her. "You," I said, trying to be as assertive as possible, "aren't going to pee until tomorrow morning." She laughed and agreed without a second thought, her impish grin speaking louder than any words that she thought my attempt at retaliation weak. I had been banking on that, however, knowing that her pride would lead her to accept my challenge, such as it was, and that she wouldn't be on her guard.

Moreover, with my intention stated openly, I had all the excuse in the world to continually refresh her drink, keeping the alcohol content low as before, and even lowering it a bit because she was going through them so fast. I was heartened by the sight of her starting to squirm by the end of the night, but she still wasn't really all that desperate. Not like she had been before, just showing a visible desire to use the bathroom, but it was better than nothing, I guess. By the end she was drinking almost entirely soda, and when she started to yawn, I feigned defeat, prompting her to smile at me and finish the last drink. The movie we'd been watching was done, and I turned off the TV and the lights, guiding her past the bathroom and into bed, where she kissed me on the cheek and promptly dropped off despite all the soda she'd been drinking.

Now for the hard part.

I'd done this a number of times before and despite my best efforts she still never wet the bed. Even doing the hand-in-water trick hadn't broken through her bladder's defenses. I judged that this time I'd gotten more liquid into her. How, I wondered, was I going to make her wet the bed? With the lights dimmed and my girlfriend the heroine fast asleep, I tried to clear my thoughts and think about how I was going to make her leak.

*007*2013-04-03 08:05

I've got a few ideas for where to go next, so I have to decide where I want to go next and then write the third part. Again, thanks for the replies, everyone. ^_^

*010*2013-04-05 07:28

I'd tried the hand in the water trick before, and it hadn't worked. I'd tried getting her so drunk she woke up with a hangover and a sour expression the next day, and it hadn't worked. While I was pondering this, I decided to use the toilet myself, leaving the bedroom lights off and making the rounds to check that the door was locked, all the lights were off, et cetera.

My own pee at the toilet didn't yield any insights except perhaps some mental musing about what might need to be done to repair the bathroom door. Once done, I flushed the toilet and stared out the window at the quiet, dark street, lips twisted in useless thought. Who was I kidding? I'd filled her up with coffee and a strong diuretic this morning and she'd still held on for twelve hours. Sure, she'd nearly wet herself, but almost only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades. With her body's natural anti-diuretic processes helping her hold on for the duration of her slumber, I'd need to think of something outside the box to get her to lose control.

A thought occurred to me, and I went to shake the computer in the den out of sleep, squinting as the electronic glare filled the room with eerie bluish light. Once my eyes had recovered I spent the next half an hour searching for any possible advice for making someone pee the bed, but I didn't make any headway there, either. The only advantage I was working with was that my girlfriend slept soundly enough to miss an earthquake, but how could I turn that into practical leverage for making her pee the sheets? I could try tickling her, but I did suspect she'd wake up if she ended up breaking the bed or something nearby. Sighing with frustration, I shut the computer down and yawned. Trying to engage in creative thinking past midnight was useless. I'd let her have this round.

When something buzzed in my pocket it nearly made me jump out of my skin with fright before I realized that it was just my phone. Feeling my suddenly racing heart thudding against my chest, I pulled it out and checked the new message I had just gotten:

Open the door.

I blinked. Surely that didn't mean... Was I crazy? This felt like some kind of weird horror movie. Tiptoeing to the front door in a t-shirt and boxers, I cracked the door and peered outside. There, standing on the front step, was a masked woman in a catsuit, who grinned at the sight of me. "Open up," she whispered. When I didn't react right away, she grinned. "I'm going to make your girlfriend pee the bed. Let me in." I opened the door for her, not quite sure who was coming inside, but if she'd known to send me a message, she must be associated with the person who was being so generous in giving me money, right? I shut the door behind her and indicated that she follow me, and we walked on quiet feet to the bedroom, where my heavy-sleeping heroine girlfriend lay blissfully unaware of anything. Dimly I realized that my heart was pounding again and my dick erect.

"How are you going to make this work?" I asked in a whisper. "I've put her hand in water, put on water sounds, put her to bed drunk, everything I can think of." Then my better judgement caught up with me and I added: "And just who are you, anyway?"

"Call me the Bedwetter," she replied with a giggle. Her voice was enticing, somehow. "I make full boys and girls pee their beds. It's not very easy to make someone pee the bed if they aren't already inclined to do so. You have to get past a lot of conditioning for the purpose of not peeing oneself in sleep, as well as body mechanics like the physical size of the bladder and so forth." She took my hand in hers - it was gloved, but still soft, and before I could ask what she was doing, she touched my girlfriend's temple, and I felt a strange lassitude wash over my body. Then, before I knew it, I was in another place entirely, one not darkened by night, but rather lit by a strange light that seemed everywhere. I looked around, seeing what looked like our bathroom, but it was much larger than the real bathroom, and the door was still attached.

Abruptly my girlfriend burst into the room, although I'm not sure if burst is really the right way to describe it. I could definitely feel that she was in a hurry, but she seemed to simply appear without touching the door, which became suddenly open without having crossed the intervening space. More oddly, the toilet had changed shape - it was a useless device in this form, looking somehow melted and misshapen. The toilet was tilted towards the floor, in a position between horizontal and vertical, more like a urinal but not really that either. My girlfriend tried to sit on it anyway, contorting her body in all sorts of strange ways trying to get comfortable, and holding her crotch while squirming the whole time. She looked much, much more desperate than she ever did normally, and didn't seem to notice me.

"Your girlfriend is dreaming," said the woman called the Bedwetter. "Her physical body needs to pee, of course. That's why she looks so desperate." Despite the awkward position, my girlfriend started to pee into the toilet, with most of it splashing around and not going in the bowl thanks to the bizarre shape of the toilet, but the splashing pee seemed to simply disappear. "But her mind knows that she's not supposed to pee. That's the significance of the useless toilet - though her body wants to relieve itself, the subconscious knows that it can't." As she squirmed around, letting out jets of pee that didn't seem to do anything once they left her body, she finally stopped and pulled her shorts back up, yet jammed her hand in between her legs and whimpered with desperation. "Though she's peed in the dream, she hasn't actually peed, and the very real sense of desperation caused by her full bladder won't go away unless she actually wets herself."

"You mean she can pee in the dream without actually peeing?" I asked, feeling myself grow stiff at the sight of my desperately dancing girlfriend, rocking back and forth as she bent over double. "Like, dreaming of peeing doesn't mean her bladder is actually emptying?"

"Not whatsoever," the Bedwetter replied fiendishly. "She'll only stop feeling desperate if she actually pees, but if things continue normally she'll probably just remember trying to pee and failing in her dream, and wake up dry. That is, if we don't give her some nudging towards actually peeing." My girlfriend, taking hobbling steps with her thighs wrapped around the hand jammed between her crotch, flickered forward and then out the bathroom door, which inexplicably led out front to the neighborhood where we lived, which was sunny and looked fairly normal. Curious, I followed her and the Bedwetter came along, until we came to something that looked like an elaborate port-a-potty built on the corner, and she went inside.

It was clean - it actually just looked like a different sort of bathroom, except the toilet was five feet tall. Must be another one of those mental inhibitions. "Ohhh, no!" she moaned. "This toilet is so tall!" It was true, but a nonsensical thing to say, as toilets were never supposed to be five feet tall. Nevertheless she tried to build a stepladder of empty yellow buckets that were there for some reason, but this work did not go so well when she was hunched over double. Moreover the buckets were not very stable and they kept falling over for no apparent reason, until my girlfriend finally gave up and pulled over a bucket with the intent of peeing into it. That bucket seemed to slide away from her as she peed and its shape grew narrower and more oval-shaped, yet my girlfriend didn't move, trying to arc her pee from where she was squatting into the bucket and missing terribly. It would have been a huge mess had the pee remained once it splashed off of the bucket.

"She'll be doing this for a while," the Bedwetter commented, as my girlfriend stopped trying to pee in the bucket, hunched over and grabbed her crotch, and then stood up straight with her legs and hands twisted around her body. "Notice how she hasn't actually peed her clothing, just continually tries to pee in absurd or difficult to reach places."

"But I thought you said she won't actually end up wetting herself," I replied. I had to admit that watching this dream sequence was kind of arousing, but also surreal enough that it was pretty weird too. "Isn't the point to get her to pee the bed? What are you actually going to do?" She smiled at me, and then we were abruptly back in the dark bedroom. I half expected my girlfriend to be tossing and turning, given how desperate she'd acted in her dream, but she slumbered peacefully, a random fact about how most muscle groups were turned off during dream sleep coming to mind. She still didn't look that desperate, but the Bedwetter let go of my hand and pressed both of her gloved fingertips to my girlfriend's temples.

"What we're going to do is override the subconscious impulse to not pee herself," she replied. Then she turned to my girlfriend and whispered teasingly into her ear: "Gotta pee? I bet you have to pee real bad, huh. Bladder's so full and aching to be relieved. It would feel soooooo good to pee. Mmm, just think of how full you are," the Bedwetter went on, turning to wink at me. My girlfriend shifted slightly in bed, and I ran my hand under the sheets to see if that had done it. No, nothing yet. It was still dry. I shook my head in reply, and to my surprise she motioned me to my girlfriend's other ear and started to whisper again: "Just go ahead and pee. It'll feel soooo nice to pee... there's nothing wrong with peeing right where you are."

My heart was hammering so hard and my hands shaking with so much excitement that it took me a bit to find my voice. "You should just empty that bursting bladder of yours. I don't mind." Immediately my girlfriend let out a small moan, and I pulled back, fearful that she'd awakened, but she settled back into sleep. The Bedwetter nodded at me to keep going, and once I was convinced she wouldn't awaken, I did. "Just go ahead and pee everywhere. I'd love it if you peed the bed, drenched those sheets nice and good. I love seeing you completely fucking lose control and pee everywhere. It's okay. Just go ahead and wet yourself."

"I think she reacts more strongly to your voice," the Bedwetter murmured to me. It certainly seemed to be true, and she reached under the sheets, then grinned and took my hand, guiding it to my girlfriend's crotch. There, I could feel a telltale wet spot. "She's leaking. Keep going."

Unable to help myself, I started stroking her pussy gently through her panties as I kept whispering, growing bolder. "I know you love peeing your panties. It hurts so much to hold - just let it all flow out. Trickle slowly out from that pinched urethra of yours. Mmm, I have to pee too. Let's pee together... ooh, it's coming out, I can't help it. I'm peeing all over my shorts, all that warm pee soaking the fabric and starting to run down my legs..." I wasn't actually peeing myself. I was way, way too hard to pee right now. "I feel you peeing a little. Let it all out for me, hon. I want you to completely flood the bed and pee everywhere, yes, just like that." I felt another, stronger squirt dampen my fingertips, and I kept rubbing.

The Bedwetter's fingertips stayed pressed to her temples. I had no idea what she was actually doing, just that it seemed to be working. And who the hell called themselves the Bedwetter anyway? It was like a cheesy villain name from some crappy cartoon, but I couldn't care that much if she was actually making my girlfriend wet the bed. "Let it go," I said more firmly. "Pee yourself. Soak those panties. Drench the sheets - yes, just like that, keep peeing, keep peeing," I encouraged her, feeling a flood starting to soak my fingers, and with that, her dam broke; a sigh of relief escaped her lips as she grinded against my fingertips, bladder emptying itself in sleep. I didn't even mind having my hand peed on, and as the flow continued for its usual minute, positively drenching the bed, the Bedwetter took her fingertips away and smirked.

"You know what to do from here," she said simply, and left the bedroom. By the time I had recovered my wits enough to follow - God, I was so fucking hard it was all I could do to keep from jerking off - she was gone, and I simply locked the front door once more and returned to the bedroom. Though I had been tired before, I was too excited to sleep now.

Besides, getting into a completely soaked bed and falling asleep wasn't going to be very easy.

*012*2013-04-05 08:51

{{:

That was awesome. Can't wait to see how she reacts when she wakes up.

And I was going to say something about the name, until you did it for me. XD Nice job there.

}}

Well, the name IS really cheesy and bad. It would be dishonest to say otherwise. XP

*015*2013-04-08 08:30

Working on the next part now. Shouldn't be too much longer before it's up.

*017*2013-04-09 07:51

{{:

I read this as 'My Girlfriend On Heroine'... :l

}}

That would be an entirely different story altogether, I feel.

In any case, here is the next installment. This part features mostly male desperation and wetting with some female desperation.

###

I ended up not sleeping a whole lot that night for a variety of reasons, but once my phone vibrated its quiet alarm early in the morning, I was pretty much awake already, and so I slipped out of the pissed-in bed and slipped away to the kitchen for the normal morning routine. Mindful of my own bladder, I made a pit stop before getting to the kitchen, starting up breakfast, and brewing up some of the special coffee before returning to rouse my girlfriend.

Unlike most mornings, however, she was already awake when I returned, out of bed, and looking at the bed with a displeased expression on her face. "Good morning," I asked, then hesitated. I was supposed to convince her to see a bladder specialist, but how would I maneuver the conversation there? "Is something the matter?" I blurted out, having to restrain the urge to smack my forehead immediately thereafter. It wasn't a very good start when not only was something clearly the matter, but by any reasonable expectation I would already know what it was.

"You don't have to be nice about it," she said somewhat crossly. Her lips twisted into an expression of distaste, although I was fairly sure it was more directed at herself than at me. "Christ. I can't believe I pissed the fucking bed. What the hell is wrong with me?"

"Don't be so hard on yourself. You've been under a lot of stress recently with this stakeout thing, right? It's probably not out of the question to think that it just got to you yesterday and your bladder decided to act up. Besides, it's not like I think you're a freak or anything." I shrugged. "Hell, I'm surprised I haven't pissed the bed myself, with a bladder as weak as mine."

"Adults usually don't pee the bed," she retorted, then stopped and took a deep breath, her expression softening. "I'm sorry. You don't deserve that. I'm just kind of mad at myself." She looked at the large, damp patch on the sheets and shook her head again. "I should be apologizing to you for wetting in the bed you were sleeping in."

"Don't worry about it," I said, giving her a hug and a kiss on the cheek. "Like I said, it's probably just stress or something. If you're really worried about it I can call the doctor and ask for a checkup later, make sure it's nothing serious. But probably just a day or two of taking it easy will clear things right up." On second thought, that might be too wishy-washy of a push, but I'm actually really terrible at lying to my girlfriend and so I figured playing it safe was probably the better move, even if it took longer to accomplish the end goal. Although, I wasn't sure if my mystery employer would see things that way.

"For now, though, just go ahead and shower. I'll take care of this later today, no sweat. You really don't need to worry." That seemed to be enough for now, as she returned my kiss to the cheek, stripped off her dampened and stained clothing as she went, and threw it in the laundry basket before heading to take a shower. Laying in the dampness had proved impossible, so I had spent most of the night in a restless perch on the very edge of the bed and was dry.

I hadn't recieved any new messages, so I figured the previous instruction to get her to a doctor stood - there was one in particular I was supposed to call, and I had the contact information already saved. I figured that she'd be in on whatever scheme was being cooked up, and as I served breakfast with the spiked coffee and toast and eggs, my girlfriend appeared again, but just as she sat down I heard her phone's ringtone and she fished it out of her pocket. "Mm? Oh, hey, what's up? ....You did? God that's a relief to hear. All right, all right... you'll take care of that? You're a dear. All right, you take it easy. Good work." My girlfriend smirked as she keyed her phone off. "Nailed the bastard, finally. Today suddenly started looking a whole lot better." She sat down and went to eating and drinking with gusto, joining me, with my cup already half gone while listening to the conversation.

"That means you don't need to go in today?" I asked, mentally reassessing what my day was going to look like. One fact floated immediately to the top of the to-do list. "Wonderful. That's great news, babe." She grinned, and we were able to have a fairly normal breakfast, although this time when she finished her coffee she put the cup into the sink and went to the refrigerator, opening the door and looking for something. "Only you would drink soda with breakfast," I said, chewing on a mouthful of egg. "I don't know how you can stand it." She didn't answer, instead frowning at the fridge for a minute before coming back. "What?"

"We're out of coke," she said matter-of-factly. "All that's left is your diet crap." She had a can of aforementioned diet crap in hand, and it didn't stop her from opening it and starting to drink heartily. I left her to her can of soda and put my dishes in the sink, then as casually as possible started to make my way back to the toilet. Knowing that she was going to be here, with nothing to do -- "Where are you going?" she asked with a wide grin that said both she knew exactly where I had been planning to go and that I was no longer allowed to be going there. "We're out of Coke, and I know you were going to go shopping today, so as soon as the store opens I'll drive you over there so we can stock back up." Unspoken was the fact that I would not be allowed to pee at least until the shopping trip was over - if then.

Suddenly it seemed like I had to pee again.

###

If there was a device invented for the sole purpose of torturing someone who has a full bladder, it would still pale in comparison to a car seat.

There's something about the combination of literally nothing to do when you're not driving, the shape of the seat itself where you can't stretch out or change positions very well, and the constant stop/start and humming of the car itself that makes a full-bladdered car trip a desperate ordeal. In this case it was me, with my hand squeezing between my legs and my body hunched over as far forward as I could with the seat belt on, suffering that desperate ordeal, much to the delight of my superpowered girlfriend. I could see her grins as she looked over at me, enjoying every detail, every shift and squirm that spoke of my discomfort as the warm pressure sensation in my bladder grew and grew. She delighted in conservatively stopping when lights turned yellow and never even inching above the speed limit, casually blowing off the sometimes irritated reactions this earned us from other drivers.

I was indulging myself in this extremely obvious holding and squirming because I was going to have to make an effort to look reasonably normal when we were shopping. I think my girlfriend knew this too and was starting to get impatient towards the end, because the red light she had to stop at prompted a sigh and for her to finish off the can of Diet Coke she'd brought into the car - for all the complaining, she'd had three already - and tap her foot impatiently. Anyone else, and I might have read early signs of desperation into that motion, but aside from the foot-tapping she was completely in control and would probably not start showing the diuretic's effect for a few hours yet.

But me, I was dying. I wasn't even watching where we were going - a fact I didn't realize my girlfriend had capitalized on by taking a few superfluous turns. When we finally arrived, I took a few deep breaths to steady myself before going to open the door, and my girlfriend lunged across the center console to dive her fingers into my armpits. She couldn't get them deeply in there, of course, but I gasped, nearly jumped a mile, and felt a droplet leak out of my penis. "Just hold on a bit longer," she teased, whispering into my ear. "Love ya, hon."

I had to focus as I got out of the car, but I admitted to myself that changing position and standing helped, for a little bit at least. Being able to grip the shopping cart also helped, and leaning on it let me change positions; when ostensibly looking at something on the shelves, I leaned forward and put my forearms on the handlebar. It fooled casual observers, but not my girlfriend, who could read my desperation in every move, and by the time we reached the aisle with the Coke I was wondering if I'd be able to make it back home without flooding my boxers. Strangely, my girlfriend seemed more distracted than pleased with my obvious suffering, even when I had to stop, glance around, and squeeze my penis hard to regain enough control to keep walking. Her body language was tight, arms crossed under her chest, and she walked quickly. It seemed like she was struggling with something.

However, I was far too busy with my personal pee torture to take notice. I tried to rush, but it quickly became obvious that slow, painstaking steps would be the best I could manage, and I focused wholly on the present, on each step after the next not being the one that jarred loose my aching bladder. Items went into the cart haphazardly, my knuckles white on the handlebar and my hand trembling when I had to reach for an item. More than once I had to stop, gasp, cross my legs tightly over one another and double over, trembling, until the wave of pee pressure had passed and I could resume my snail's pace through the supermarket.

My cheeks burned as I was increasingly unable to act normal, aware that I must be drawing stares, but there was nothing else I could do except pee myself right there in the aisle. Finally, all the items on the checklist were crossed off, and I turned the cart ponderously around a corner and started to make my way towards the checkout line and salvation. "Got everything," I muttered through clenched teeth.

My girlfriend was silent until we got in line, there thankfully being a short one to jump into, although even the two-person wait would feel interminable. It was then that she leaned in close, her voice tight and as close to panic as I could ever remember it being: "I think I'm about to piss myself." That was surprising enough to hear that it gave me a thirty-second reprieve, a burst of resolve as my flagging penis tried to rally and stiffen up. I hear that some guys can be stiff and desperate at the same time, but not me.

When I get this bad, where it feels like I've got a ball of molten lava in my bladder, I couldn't get stiff if you put me in front of a harem. There was no longer any question of pretending to be normal. I crossed my legs too tightly to move, squeezing my cock with my thighs, and holding onto the shopping cart with both hands. My eyes were wide and directed, unseeing, at the ceiling while I battled with my bladder for control of my dignity. When we had the chance to move up in line, I didn't even bother to walk, but took a series of awkward hops using the cart for balance. It was only then that I made the too-obvious reply to my girlfriend's observation:

"Me too." A part of me tried to wonder how she had gotten so desperate so fast, but the other 99% of me was too busy containing the urge to soak my shorts to care. I'm sure the cashier wasn't deliberately trying to go as slow as possible, but it sure as hell felt like it. Then came the awkward realization that I had to start putting all of the stuff in the cart onto the conveyor belt to be rung up, and I held onto the cart for balance like my legs were broken, coming around to the front, and carelessly piling everything up in a big heap. I could feel that each time I bent over, I trickled a little bit of piss from the tip of my dick into my boxers. All I could do was pray it didn't start showing.

When it finally came to be my turn, the cashier looked at me with an are-you-serious look at the jumble of groceries I'd piled up, but saw something which made her bite back a snide comment and just get to work as quickly as possible. Maybe she was just too weirded out by our behavior, looking like we were being tortured standing there in the checkout line, to make an argument of it. Maybe I was just too busy suffering desperately to notice where her eyes kept going as she rang up the items in an excruciatingly slow normal manner. I sure as hell didn't notice the little smile and the gradual but real slowdown in the pace at which our stuff was rang up. It was only when I gasped and abandoned dignity, resorting to a crotch-grab to physically stop the pee from flowing out of my cock, that the total finally came up.

I didn't remember what it was. I just remember all but tossing my card at her, dancing on the spot with my hands full of grocery bags, and leaving my girlfriend to actually deal with the matter of payment. I took those grocery bags and, gathering my last bit of strength, strode quickly out of the store and across the parking lot, where my girlfriend had deliberately parked far away from the entrance. Unfortunately my strength had long since run out, and my desperately quick pace burst the dam. The pain in my bladder had gotten the better of me and I started to spurt, then stream, piss into my pants, only able to slow the flow and use the grocery bags to shield my crotch, almost tearing open the car doors to throw the grocery bags in the back seat. As I slammed the door shut my girlfriend came running up, grabbing her own crotch but still dry, and hurled herself into the passenger's seat. "Drive!" she shouted at me.

"Are you fucking nuts?!" was all I could think to reply with, my hand wrapped around my piss-soaked cock and stemming the flow to occasional spurts between my fingers, but she had a point. Neither of us was in any condition to drive. I'd gone past my limit, but she was still holding, so by all rights she should, yet... I couldn't take it anymore. I heard her yell suddenly as I ducked down to inspect the front wheel, ostensibly looking at something but in reality using it and my body to shield myself from onlookers as I hauled my dripping cock from my shorts and let loose a torrent of piss underneath the car, sobbing with relief as my bladder began to empty in earnest.

"You had better not be peeing!" she yelled, but my girlfriend was currently curled up in a ball in the side seat and was in no condition to do anything to me. It was amazing, really, how clarity of thought and purpose flowed back into my mind as pee flowed out of my bladder. I hoped an onlooker would mistake the inevitable river for some kind of leak of fluid, because there was no way I could stop now, and I enjoyed more than thirty seconds of blissful relief before pulling my wet shorts up, still trying to shield the huge wet spot with the car. I was lucid enough now to consider grabbing a plastic shopping back and laying it over the driver's side seat to sit on before I sat myself atop of it. My hands were still wet with piss, but nothing to do about that now.

"Give me the keys," I said, and she stopped struggling long enough to hand them over, before returning to her tightly curled position. As I started the car, I now had plenty of time to wonder about - and enjoy - my girlfriend's desperation. What had gotten to her so badly and so fast? Surely it wasn't the diuretic. She'd shown herself capable of holding for a normal amount of time even with it in her system, so what had been the catalyst?

If I could find it, I would get one step closer to getting her to that phony doctor's appointment.

*021*2013-04-30 11:25

Sorry - I've gotten a bit busy as of late and the next chapter is mouldering away half-written. I don't intend to abandon it, but I didn't want to just bump my own thread again saying "hay gaiz I'll update soon"

Which is essentially what I just did, but eh.

