Desperation, Wetting and Love

Author: Lilcutekat11

*000*2014-07-12 10:20

Hey everyone! It's Kat here! This is originally a RP I did with a few people. I have changed the story a little and turned it into my own fiction story! This will be written in first person by the main character Hannah. Enjoy!

My name is Hannah. I am a year 9 high schooler. I am a really pretty, but shy person. I have bladder problems, so I can't hold onto my pee for a long time. My two best friends Jack and Ellie are the greatest friends one could wish for. Ellie is hilarious and such a great person to hang around an Jack is so loyal and kind. I have really (like REALLY- you know what I mean) liked Jack since fifth grade when we became friends in primary school. I'm don't know if he feels the same as I do. I want to tell him how I feel, but I am too shy.

At the moment I am in history class. My history teacher is Mr. Rodgers. He is really strict about leaving the classroom to go so where or do something. He even gets angry at the class captains when they leave the classroom to go to meetings. Honestly, I hate him. He would be my least favourite teacher. And what my luck- I really needed to go to the bathroom. I cross my legs to help me hold on. I start fidgeting and loose attention. Jack is sitting next to me. He looks at me sympathetically then turns back to the white board. 'I don't want to wet myself in front of the Jack, let alone the entire class!' I think to myself. I start slowly bopping up and down, helping to hold back my warm, wet accident. "Miss Hannah, is there something wrong?" Asked Mr. Rodgers. The whole class turned to me. I blush and sit up strait, accidentally letting a squirt of pee out. "N-no Mr. Rodgers. I'm fine...!" I lied. I was really desperate in fact. "Alright then...." He said and continued the lesson.

I took a sigh of relief. A little bit of pee leaked out and I held it all back before I lost it all. I felt my crotch. There was a wet patch. I turned to Jack, who was blushing. I quickly turned away. 'Oh no, did he see me?!' I thought. How embarrassing! He must think I'm an absolute weirdo! I decided to try and forget about it. I picked up my pen and started to write. I didn't know much about what we were doing in class, because I was too busy trying to hold my pee in. I wrote quite a lot until I dropped my pen.

'Dang!' I thought and bent down to pick it up. I think that I flashed my wet panties at him. As I bent down I felt a trickle in my panties. The wet spot was growing. I sat up and pushed my chair out. I dashed out of the classroom. I got a quick glimpse of Jack before I left the classroom. He was bright red and breathing heavily. What was up with him? "What do you think you are doing Miss Hannah!!?!" Yelled Mr. Rodgers. I slammed the door. As I slammed the door it all came rushing out. It trickled down my legs and onto the corridor floor. It was so warm and wet. 'What have I done? ' I thought.

Then the door swung open. "Hannah what do you thi-" Mr. Rodgers boomed. Then he gasped. Oh no. The whole class bursted out in laughter at me except for my two friends and Mr. Rodgers, who seemed furious. I turned bright red. I couldn't stop my flow. The warm wet pee was soaking my school uniform. It was so visible. A tear rolled down my face. There was something wrong with Jack. He was red and turned his head away from me. 'Whats up with him?' I thought. I hope he wasn't laughing too. "Can someone please take Miss Hannah to the office to help her clean up this....accident." Said Mr. Rodgers with slight anger in his voice. Ellie got up immediately. She walked to the door, stepping over my puddle of mess and lead me to the office with her arm over my shoulder.

"It's alright Hannah, this kind of stuff happens!" Said Ellie. We were sitting together during lunch. Mum had brought me a spare change of clothes and I had been all cleaned up. People still looked at me strangely when they walked past me. Ellie and I were sitting on a bench together in the part if the yard that had grass on it. "Where's Jack?" I asked. I was confused. He is always sitting with us. "I'm not sure. He has been acting so strange since, ya' know..." Said Ellie.

I turned away. I hope he didn't think I was stupid because I wet myself and he doesn't ant to be my friend anymore! "What's up?" Asked Ellie. I sigh. "It's just that, he was acting all weird in the classroom when I was try to hold on. I think I flashed my panties at him when I bent down to pick up my pen and he saw my wet patch..." I said. Ellie giggled. "You think that's funny?" I asked in confusion. Ellie smiled. "Never mind..!" She said. "Well I need to go to the bathroom. Don't wanna loose it!" Joked Ellie. I smiled and she got up to go to the bathroom.

Just as Ellie entered the bathroom, Jack came out. He slowly walked over to me. He sat down. "H-hi.." I said. I blushed. He did too. "Hey um, sorry about your accident..." He said. I looked at my shoes. He moved closer to me. He put his hand on my arm. "It's ok. I don't mind." He said. He looked at me. He paused for a moment. "I actually...kinda liked it." He added. I looked at him.

"What do you mean?" I said. He gulped. "This is something I've been wanting to tell you for a long time Hannah..." He said. "I-I really, like really...like you." He said. I blushed. "Jack, I really like you too....I have had a crush in you since fifth grade." I said. We looked each other in the eye. He touched my face. It sent shivers down my spine. He leaned in and kissed me. It felt so good. It was my first kiss. It was so wonderful. He took his lips away from mine, but our fore heads stayed together. "I love you Hannah." Whispered Jack. "I love you too." I whispered back. This was true love. Who knew a wetting accident could have brought us together?

So I hope you liked my fiction story. The RP ended at the wetting part. It also didn't include Jack and Hannah's love for eachother. I know it was kinda short but I enjoyed writing it! Thanks for all the support and lovely comments and messages, it means a lot to me!

Thanks guys, Luv ya!

Kat :3

*003*2014-07-13 10:12

I think I will make this a series :)

