A Different Type of Lesson

Author: midnightrise

*000*2013-09-15 21:55

So... Hi ^^ I'm quite new to this site and this is my very first story about omorashi and wetting and all. I hope it's not that bad! :S Either way, it will mostly be male omorashi/wetting and there might be yaoi scenes and/or piss play, depending on what you guys say you want or what I feel like writing if I get no requests :P

I would really appreciate any kind of feedback! Especially tips about what I could do better! If not though, thank you for simply reading! ^^

Thanks to SeverusSnapeFan for the help!

###

These first paragraphs contain male as well as female wetting and that's it for the most part.

###

The boy was starting to get restless, the 40 year old business man observed from across the oval dining room table. Not that picking around at his food was anything unusual for the brown haired teen, but the foot tapping he had started up had fallen into an unsteady rhythm, where his thin frame would tense up for a second or twitch. His face, hidden by a curtain of hair, revealed nothing of his state though.

John Harris cut another piece of steak and brought it to his mouth, clearing his mouth as he chewed, just to disrupt the silence. Unsurprisingly, there was no reaction from the younger male, who continued to poke at the slab of meat on his plate with his fork, knife lying on the side uselessly. After several futile attempts to spear a pea onto the fork, Bryan successfully brought the small, round vegetable to his mouth. He swirled it around his mouth, taking his time with it as if it was a mouthful to chew before swallowing it. Mr. Harris watched him take up his previous work of poking the steak for the rest of meal time.

When the man finished off his plate, he sat patiently with his son, waiting for him to finish but aside from glancing up once or twice, the teen changed none of his behavior. As five minutes passed, the man finally figured there was going to be no change and spoke up.

"Are you finished, Bryan?" he asked, softly so he wouldn't irritate the boy. As expected, there was no verbal answer. The teen just lowered his fork back to the table top and gave a curt nod. Rising from his seat, Mr. Harris took his plate to the kitchen sink, noting how little his son had eaten again. The boy was barely eating enough to survive and this is what worried him the most of all of his son's issues.

Bryan appeared a moment later, carrying his plate as well but dumping its contents into the trash before stepping next to the sink.

"Mr. Durant will be arriving in half an hour," he reminded him of the appointment they had with yet another tutor in attempt to find a suitable one. If this man managed to come through to Bryan even in the slightest, Mr. Harris would be glad. So far, his son hadn't taken an interest in anyone he had come across these last 3 years.

Bryan, once again, reacted in no way whatsoever, standing stiffly at the sink and waiting for his father to leave so he could start with the dishes.

John Harris worried about his son. Of course he did, but forcing the boy into doing something always ended with disastrous results so he tried to discomfort him as little as possible and hoped that once day one of his subtle gestures or those of an other person, would reach Bryan Harris and bring him back to life.

~~

The sound of the running water and its warm sensation on his hands did nothing to help Bryan's state. His squirming rather increased, having him rubbing his thighs together and taking deeper breathes to try and calm his body down again. He made no effort to hurry up with the task and get away from the water, nor did he plan on relieving his bladder yet. Although it caused him great discomfort, he constantly continued to put himself through the procedure of desperation.

After having cleaned all the dishes by hand, dried and put them away, Bryan wiped down the counter tops and the dining table. By then, twenty minutes had long passed and the new tutor should be arriving any minute. With that in mind, Bryan made his way to the living room and sat down in the sofa chair, which he had silent dubbed his with the stains underneath the blanket covering the red upholstery.

That was how Mr. Harris found his son as he led William Durant into the living room. The young adult smiled at the teen he might be teaching but found his warm greeting rejected by a cold stare from the other male.

"This is Bryan," John introduced them, "and Bry, this is Mr. Durant, possibly your new tutor."

"As I've mentioned before, Bryan is in a fragile state at the moment, so please excuse his behavior," he added, fixing the glasses on his face to which Kevin just nodded politely with a smile.

"That is why I am here, Mr. Harris. Don't worry about it," he assured the older man with the paling hair and sent a gentle look to the teen, to be met with the green eyes still focused on him. He tried to set aside the urge to shift uncomfortably in his seat on the couch. There was something unsettling in the gaze of the 16 year old; the way he sat there, silently, with one leg crossed over the other, swinging tirelessly up and down but without any other movement. Although the male was rather small and thin, he sent the tutor a feeling of power over him.

Bryan's stare never seemed to waver throughout the conversation John and Kevin lead. Nothing changed in the boy's stance as the 28 year old learned more about him through his father. Kevin was intrigued by Bryan's condition and felt he definitely needed to show his best side so he would be hired. Then he could learn the background story with all its details and if he was successful, pull the teen out of his post-traumatic daze as Mr. Harris had phrased it.

With his best smile, Kevin was not only handsome but managed to give anyone a feeling of having a capable man in front of them. And that he was. He could see in the manager's eyes across from him that he could have the man eating from his palm and with the promise of success in the air, not even Bryan's empty rigid stare could make him falter.

The moment his breath did catch, was when the glistening of the brunette's black jeans caught his eye and he saw the blanket underneath the boy darkening in color. At first he didn't believe what he saw. He glanced to Mr. Harris for a moment so he wasn't directly staring at the boy's crotch but looked back to find his eyes hadn't played a trick on him. There was actually a growing wet path spreading on the seat of this young male, which now explained to him the tinge of red Bryan had had in his cheeks and his foot whipping, which had now ceased.

Kevin forced himself to tear his eyes from the sight unfolding in front of him as his heart started to race and he swallowed thickly. This was when Bryan decided to move, shifting his position into sitting cross legged on the chair, openly revealing his wetting. It took a few more seconds, in which Kevin fought himself to look away from Bryan until Mr. Harris noticed his son's doing, at which his patience snapped and he turned to the almost grown male.

"Bryan!" he scolded him, shame rising up in him. Even though he had had to deal with this since the big incident 3 years ago, he couldn't help but always be hoping this behavior would stop at any moment. "Go get yourself cleaned up," he told him with distaste. Kevin stayed silent, throat thick as he watched Bryan get up and walk out of the room, leaving back a trail which clearly indicated he hadn't stopped the flow.

Kevin had to concentrate hard on what Mr. Harris was saying, gaze always attracted back to the yellowish fluid on the floor and the wet spot on the chair. To his luck, Mr. Harris only explained that wetting was another one of Bryan's issues, apologized and excused himself to clean the mess up. This gave the man in his late twenties a few minutes to gather himself and will the blood to return from his crotch to his brain. Not only had the wetting hit him by surprise but his arousal to it was new to him as well. He'd known about his piss fetish for a while but he had thought it was just concerning women desperation and wetting. He'd never experienced arousal in response to a male before. It gave him a lightly fearful tingle, as he questioned his sexuality. But no matter what he did, the fascination and arousal remained in his system.

~~

Sylvia Lahey was surprised by the text she got from her boyfriend while she was out for lunch with a friend. Hadn't Kevin told her he was going to meet a potential client at about that time? Despite her confusion, she complied to his plea and started chugging down water frequently throughout the day. She hadn't used a bathroom break that day yet and soon her abdomen was bulging. The young woman wasn't allowed to squirm or fight her desperation in anyway because she had to stand perfectly still as she held poses for flashes of the camera.

Finishing the photo shoot of the day, she hurried to the changing rooms, fighting the urge to relieve herself there and then as she pulled on her skirt. Apparently, she had underestimated her desperation because she felt a spurt of pee escape her as he gasped, doubling over and pressing her thighs together. Jiggling up and down for a few seconds, she managed to fight the urges down, knowing all this would only be half as fun without Kevin. And he would be so disappointed if this played out with him not around. She had to save herself for him.

The 22 year old model managed to get dressed and onto the bus without further ado, although she did get a few disturbed looks from passing strangers at her restlessness. Spasms kept hitting Sylvia regularly by then and she had to grit her teeth to not wedge a hand between her legs to help hold the flood back. She sat near the end of the bus, bouncing in her seat, bent forward with her legs crossed. As the vehicle passed over a bump that made her jump, another spurt made its way past the barriers and Sylvia bit her lip. Would she even make it home before the gates broke? This desperation thing was still quite new to her, Kevin having introduced her to it a few months ago, when she'd found about his unusual fetish. That was not a story she wanted to think of at the moment. She had to keep her thoughts focused on dry and firm things.

The ride home seemed eternal as she fought her natural urges. Her panties were already damp, and Sylvia was biting her lip from the pain that resided in her bladder. She had pulled the back of her skirt up as to not get it wet. With another spurt, she felt a second of relief, at which she let out a soft moan until she realized she was about to give in and slipped her hand discretely in between the seat and her bottom in time for another bump in the road. This spurt obviously lasted a few seconds longer, giving her hand and the seat a mortifyingly wet feeling. She pressed tightly to stem the flow, tears building in her eyes at the effort and determination. She wasn't going to publicly wet herself!

Thankfully, her stop was the next and she scurried off of the bus, walking the last feet to their apartment with her legs pressed together harshly. The worst part was stopping to unlock the doors and the elevator ride, during which she could hold herself again though, moaning in desperation. She danced as she turned the key in the apartment door, calling, "I'm home!" as she flitted inside, closing the door behind her.

To her dread, she found out that Kevin wasn't home yet, which meant she'd have to hold it even longer. The female groaned, bending over with eyes closed as she breathed deeply. It was all good. He would be home soon and then she'd put on a show for him like he had taught her. He'd see what a good girl she was.

Making tea to make her even more desperate had occurred to the woman but she was barely holding the fluids in her body back as it was so she decided against it. As the times passed, she tried to find the best position to stop the flow as the spasms continued but nothing actually helped. By now, she had one hand lodged up between her legs because she could feel her bladder quivering, about to give up the fight. Her hand was starting to cramp though and using the item nearest to her, she positioned herself on the armrest of the desk chair and pushed herself down on it, feeling a leak starting to dribble down her legs in that split second of no pressure.

Her knuckles grew white at the clutch she had on the chair as she rocked back and forth on the arm rest. A spasm shook her badly when she slowed the rocking in exhaustion and she bounced up and down to stop the piss from escaping as a warm drop rolled down her skin. The friction at her crotch soon had her moaning and wet for a second reason, she was so distracted she didn't hear Kevin arrive until he was standing in front of her, watching her with lust filled eyes.

Sylvia let out a loud moan to show him how she felt although he could easily read it off her body language.

"Stop that," he ordered her and she paused with a worried look but complied, getting off the chair and replacing the pressure with a hand. "Hand too," Kevin added and she hesitantly removed her hand, only to find she couldn't stop herself from leaking.

"K-Kevin-in," she pleaded, her knees quivering. The man paid no attention to her though, busy with pulling his erect member from his jeans and stroking it slowly. Returning his eyes to the sight in front of him, he watched the piss slowly run down the slim legs of the girl, forming a puddle on the floor.

"Where's a towel?" he asked her in a strict tone, one hand still fondling himself, liking the feeling of dominance he had in this situation. "You're going to leave a stain."

"I-I did-dn'-t," Sylvia's voice caught in her throat as she shook, a short gush falling from her to the floor before it returned to leaking. "I c-couldn't-t," she restarted, "m-make i-it."

"You can still walk, can't you?" Kevin questioned her sternly, forehead creased, the young woman nodded in front of him obediently and made her way to the bathroom for an old towel, her socks leaving wet footprints on the floor. Sylvia cleaned up the piss on the floor before stepping onto the towel. She looked up Kevin for permission, tears having started running down her face.

"You think one towel is enough?" he asked instead of granting what she so desperately wanted and she let out a small sob.

"No," she whispered, weakening, the piss now flowing down her legs in bigger amount. There was nothing she could do to stop it anymore and she was torn between the relief and the arousal of listening to Kevin.

"P-p-please," she cried quietly and Kevin let her suffer for a few second longer before he told her to let go. His hand picked up its rhythm as he watched Sylvia break down in from of him, piss spurting to the floor, where it drenched the towel in seconds and then splattered. The woman closed her eyes, moaning and then fell to her knees in her own fluids in exhaustion. Kevin stepped back as to not touch the puddle but was panting and thrusting into his hand. Within the minute, he was shooting his load onto the woman on the floor, who was recovering from her tiring accident.

Sylvia was too spent to realize how quickly Kevin had reached release compared to usually. She would never have reason to wonder what had turned the man on so much that he came home with a full out hard on from jerking himself in the car, what thought was on his mind when he came all over her in record time for just simple stroking.

~~

Bryan stayed on Kevin's mind persistently for the next few days as the man waited for a reply from Mr. Harris, hoping that he would get accepted as his son's tutor. The image of the male teen wetting himself was etched into his mind, even with Sylvia's own wetting and during their sex later that evening, which was quite surprising for him. It had him very curious. He had to get the job and find out what it was about Bryan that was so appealing to him. It was clear to him that the brunette wasn't of age but his arousal overpowered his common sense.

Mr. Harris had explained to him that Bryan had experienced trauma at the age of 13 and that he hadn't spoken, left the house or used the bathroom since. Why, had been left open for debate for the time being.

While watching TV in the evening with Sylvia curled up against him the next Thursday, he got the important call from the business manager, for whose son he labored forbidden urges.

He excused himself from Sylvia, saying it was a matter from work, which was no lie, but he usually shared any and all information with his girlfriend, so she watched him leave with a confused expression. She dismissed the worry though, knowing that the man would have a reasonable explanation and focused on the movie they had been watching again.

(sorry for any mistakes, English isn't my first language)

*002*2013-09-23 14:13

Thank you

{{:

That was excellent! I would love to see this story continued, perhaps digging deeper into the backstory and what happened to cause this in the first place...?

As far as the writing goes, I didn't see anything wrong with it, I liked the writing style and overall it was an enjoyable story! Can't wait to see where this goes if you decide to continue!

}}

Thank you so much for the comment ! :D It's wonderful to hear that someone is enjoying this :3 I will continue and there will definitely be more of the back story ^^

You're gonna have to be patient with me, I'm a slow writer and have some personal issues to deal with... I hope you stick to the story though!

*003*2013-10-20 21:59

Small update ^^ I haven't been big with ideas though :/

###

"Hello Mr. Harris," he greeted the boy's father as he leaned back on the counter in the kitchen, the image of Bryan vivid in front of his eyes.

"Mr. Durant. Would you like to come over sometime this week to finish the paperwork?" At the question, Kevin nodded, remembering soon enough that the man could not see him.

"Sure. How about tomorrow?" he suggested, eager to start as soon as possible. He had been imagining and thinking about it so much, he needed to do something about it. He needed to see Bryan again.

The meeting was quickly organized to both of the men's delight and the next day, Kevin found himself in front of the Harris household 10 minutes early, not willing to be late. He waited in his car for a few minutes so it wasn't obvious how eager he was, but Mr. Harris noticed the car and recognized the driver. Before he went to the dining room table, where he had prepared everything that was needed, he went up to check on Bryan, who ewas lying on the bed, listening to music, eyes closed. He could be sleeping but there was no knowing. The teen didn't sleep much, which was understandable considering the nightmares he would get.

On his way back down stairs, the doorbell rang and Mr. Harris proceeded to open the door, letting Kevin in with a warm smile. To the young adult's dismay the hour passed without an encounter with Bryan. Even after lunch and a cup of coffee during which the two me, talked about Bryan, but only about his education, nothing that interested Kevin personally. What he wanted to know more about were the teen's habits, or better called, accidents. They couldn't actually be accidents when the boy did it on purpose...

Just as they were getting up, when it was time for Kevin to leave, he turned to Mr. Harris. "Uhm, where is Bryan now?" he asked, trying to acted casual and not interested for the wrong reasons. If this man found out about the thoughts he had about his son, he could imagine how forceful he could get.

"Oh, he's upstairs. He doesn't really leave the house," came the reply, apparently seeing nothing wrong with his question. "Come on, I'll show you the house," Mr. Harris invited him, motioning for him to follow him before he glanced at his watch. "I have to leave in half ab hour though, so we'll make it quick."

"Oh, I don't want to be a bother," Kevin mentioned, forcing himself to seem hesitant to follow even though he was eager.

"Don't worry about it," he was told with a big smile from the man and was lead up the stairs. Kevin didn't really memorize anything about the house except for the way up to the teenager's room. The door was half opened but no sound came from inside. It was silent. Nonetheless he found his pulse rising as if he expected to walk in on another of the boy's wettings. What he saw when he peered through the doorway after the man of the house stepped through was just a teen playing on his gameboy, seated on his bed. Unlike the glare he awaited from the younger male, Bryan didn't even lift his gaze when the two men entered his room. His eyes were trained on the game going on in his slim hands.

"He can finish a game like this in a day," Mr. Harris explained, breaking the silence. "Doesn't leave the bed for anything sometimes. Literally," he sighed, indicating what Kevin was glad to hear. Despite hearing about the teen's wetting problem, it gave him joy every time he heard about him deliberately wetting himself. For such a trivial thing at that, just a silly little children's game.

What neither of the men saw was the state of the pillow Bryan had wedged between his legs under the blanket. Every time his bladder became a painfully pressing matter, he'd release a short stream until he was capable of holding the urine back again without strain, so he could focus on the game. It wasn't the first time he used this technique and this time he had leaked twice up till now, the second leak ending up longer than the first. He'd force himself to stop though, leaving the pillow half damp while his bladder throbbed for relief. His urges left no trace on his face though, so that the two present men were clueless.

At the ringing of the house phone, Bryan startled, eyes flickering up in time with the end murmuring conversation. A gush escaped him and he squeezed his muscles tightly, pulling his bottom lip between his teeth. As his father left to get the phone, Kevin's gaze met the teen's and Bryan was tempted to stand up and just let all the piss out, running down his legs to soak up in the mattress underneath him. He'd seen the looks the older man had been giving him and he knew what they meant. Those looks were familiar to him and welcome.

He returned his gaze back to the small screen but decided to give Kevin just a little taste and fidgeted in place, reaching down beneath the blanket and letting go of his lip in time with a gasp as he brushed a hand over his groin. He tried to hold himself as little as possible - it was a bigger challenge - but this was all show anyway. Kevin's gaze was burning into him, he could feel it, especially as he bounced up and down lightly. Then, as if nothing happened, he just returned to his game. His abdomen was still swollen and straining but Kevin didn't know and his imagination was running wild.

The man didn't wait for Mr. Harris to return from his phone call, but waved goodbye in passing, a hand in front of him covering his straining pants discretely, and hurried to his car with his cheeks flushed.

*005*2013-10-21 14:28

{{:

No....you cannot just end it there....horrible horrible(for leaving us stranded right there lol) This update was awesome :)

}}

Thank you so much for the comment! :3 I hope I get inspired soon to continue this ^^

*008*2013-10-28 16:47

{{:

I really really love how unique this story is, and the way bryan is teasing is soooo hot. i hope you update soon :)

}}

Thank you so much for the comment! :D It's inspiring to say the least and I am proud to say that I am working on it xD I am planning nor teasing on Bryan's part ;) we'll see how the story unfolds, though, sometimes the characters just write themselves haha{{

Really enjoying the story so far :D can't wait till your next update

}}

Thank you!! I have been continuing it and I hope I have something for you guys soon! :)

*009*2013-11-01 20:51

Thanks and love to SeverusSnapeFan!

###

Only a few minutes later, Mr. Harris left the house as well and upon hearing the car drive off, Bryan paused his game and hopped down from the bed. He didn't fight the small stream of urine that wound its way down his pant leg, he just made his way to the corner of his room, which was furthest from the door. The image of Mr. Durant's lust-filled gaze returned to him as he kneeled on the floor. His hands clenched into fists, resting on his thighs. He tried to imagine what the older male would do if he were here to witness him like this. There was a constant stream spreading through his the denim, reaching to the floor now but he didn't let go completely just yet.

Mr. Durant reminded him of Will in quite a few ways and this realization reopened a barely healed wound in the boy, his eyes pricking with tears. He felt guilty for feeling drawn to this man. Guilty for imagining him here with arousal coursing through his veins. Torn between the need to be so close to someone again and not wanting to replace Will, tears slipped down his cheeks slowly and he choked down a sob to take a shaky breath.

He pressed his palms against his eyes, stopping all other action as he just breathed deeply. It'd been three years. Of that he was very well aware. It was time to let go, wasn't it. With someone like Mr. Durant to guide him, it was safe to move on. So with the comfort given by the warmth of his wet attire, he locked away the thoughts of his former lover again, brushing the tears off with his sleeve. He let his thoughts focus alone on the lust he had seen in Mr. Durant's eyes. He knew how a bulge would start to show at the front of his pants, seeing him like this. And the teen would in turn let out soft groans of desperation and clench his legs. Most of the jeans he wore were black but he could dig out some lighter ones for Mr. Durant, so there was something to see. Skinny jeans at best because he had legs worth showing off. They were a bitch to get out of when wet but gave all the better display, especially if he allowed himself a few leaks to patch the front.

With the tutor around there was no doubt he would be drinking a lot during and before his visits and to make it worth all worth it for the male, he would squirm and hold himself and give off small moans of relief when letting the contents of his bladder spill into his jeans; all the little indications to what would so clearly be in front of the poor man, who was only trying to do his job.

If the male were here right now, he would slip a hand between his legs like this, cupping his groin through the denim. He'd palm his slowly hardening member through his jeans as the strain of his bladder drew whines from him.

Bryan's breathing hitched at the welcome friction, this being one thing among others, that he'd neglected for quite a while.

He would draw himself to the very limit of desperation for Mr. Durant, he wouldn't be leaking on purpose to ease the pressure, nor would he give up early. If any of the golden liquid escaped him, if would be by the dwindling strength of his sphincter muscles. He would probably leak a few times and regain control, the battles getting harder as the wet spot on him would grow. And greedy eyes with pupils blown wide belonging to a tall and no doubt muscular man would watch every moment of the happenings, catching every inch of of the spreading wetness with his hungry gaze.

He would make the man rub himself like Bryan was doing now, forcing the piss to slowly dribble out as he panted. He would make him expose his lust and junk, make him stroke himself openly. Piss dripped from between his fingers, the boy having lifted himself to his knees, bracing one hand in front of him. As release came closer and closer, the hard on straining painfully in his pants, he couldn't make himself pee anymore, as much as he wanted to, but that didn't matter much because the teen was bucking into his hand with his eyes closed, creating so much hot friction. He let out a hearty moan as the spasms washed over him, coating the inside of his soaked briefs with something other than piss.

Breathing heavily, Bryan hung his head as he slowly recovered from his orgasm. Warmth engulfed him from the outside as well as his spent member gave loose the flood he'd been holding back, the teen only becoming aware of the loud hiss a few seconds later at which point he sat back, enjoying the cozy puddle that was forming around him. He'd left his hand in its position, focusing on the sensation of the liquid streaming through his fingers hotly and rushing downward. His other hand still braced him in his state of complete relaxation, soon engulfed into the warmth as well.

It took what seemed like an eternity for his stream to just slow to a dribble, at which point, Bryan was so spent, he had trouble stripping of his clothes before crawling under the covers. His member continued to let out what was left in his bladder into the sheets as the boy fell into a long desired dreamless sleep.

Mr. Harris was enraged about the mess he found when he returned home, having departed only 40 minutes earlier. There was a personal maid, who came to the house Sunday through Friday morning, and helped the busy manager take care of his son. She had been with them since the boy's current behavior had started up and Bryan had grown used to the caring and rather silent older woman. It just so happened to be a Friday afternoon so that the business manager was the one who would be cleaning up the mess.

He was surprised for a different reason when he walked into the teenager's room, for the young male didn't wake up but rather seemed to be sleeping peacefully. This did not happen very often, especially not without the prescribed sleeping pills he would occasionally give his son. He hadn't given him one today though and he knew he hadn't taken one for himself, so Mr. Harris was quite perplexed. Whatever it was helping his son sleep though, he was glad it did and it triggered a spark of hope that just maybe, this would be the beginning of recovery. So the man cleaned up the mess on the floor as quietly as possible, succeeding with not waking the sleeping figure, and decided he would come back later to give the boy a bath because he the teen absolutely refused to enter the bathroom by himself. Changing the bed sheets was a task he had yet to find out about.

*011*2013-11-05 14:42

{{:

This is excellent! You're doing such a wonderful job with this, I'm loving all of the characters and the situations you're putting them in. I suppose I could do without Sylvia, but that's mostly due to the fact that I want Bryan and Kevin to get together, so for that to happen Sylvia needs to go. Anyways, I'm anxiously looking forward to another update. :)

}}

Thank you so much for the great feedback !! :3 It means a lot ! To be honest, Sylvia I'm not a fan of Sylvia at all either, we'll see what happens to her ;)

*013*2013-11-07 13:01

{{:

YAY UPDATE! this is my favorite story on here right now, i absolutely loooove bryan and i'm really looking forward to hearing more about his history (and of course about torturing himself even more)

}}

Thank you so much !! :3

*015*2013-11-14 15:19

{{:

An excellent story, and I look forward to its further development. And yes, we could do without Sylvia.

}}

Thanks! Noted ^^ No more Sylvia, in detail anyway

*017*2013-11-20 12:51

{{:

I loved it! : D

}}

Thank you :D I have the next part already started ^^

*021*2013-11-20 22:47

{{:

I almost do not believe you when you state that english is not your first language. Your grammar and spelling is a treat that I feel is usually not present in these stories. Furthermore, your characterization through actions and the thoughts of your characters, as opposed to merely "making it so" is very well done. It makes the story feel a little more real than most. Keep up the good work!

}}

Aah, thanks so much :D I guess English comes close to my first language, but I have lived in a non-English speaking country for a few years now, so I'm afraid I'm slowing forgetting the language and getting worse... It's nice to hear that I'm still doing well :3 And it's also great to hear such positive criticism! Thank you once again!{{

LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS ONE!!!

}}

Thank you !! <3{{

Ooooo I can't waiiittt <3 <3

}}

:D <3

*022*2013-11-21 20:13

For all my beautiful readers :3

###

For the first time in a whole while, Bryan was called to get up in the morning. He had heard his father leave early in the hours but had stayed in bed, massaging his straining stomach. Mr. Durant was bound to come within the hour now, just on time to start the day off with some fun. Moving to the edge of the bed and letting his feet down to the floor, he would've done his body a big favor by just letting go right then. But that was not what the boy was aiming for.

He squeezed into an old pair of light blue jeans, where the hem pressed violently against his abdomen when he buttoned them up, making it a challenge to not leak into the fresh denim. Another treat for the tutor would be that there was no underwear to soak up any stray piss, it was all going to go straight to his jeans. Along with that, he put on a dark blue V-neck with came short to expose a sliver of his skin.

Using the mirror in his room, Bryan made his appearance was satisfactory, avoiding the bathroom also as he brushed his teeth in the kitchen, legs crossed and squirming in place slightly. Once again, there wasn't much of the food that found its way into his mouth but the teen poured himself a glass of water that he forced down to his body's dismay. He clamped a hand down on his member as he got a refill. There was going to be no action before Mr. Durant arrived, he had to make sure of that. His hand remained there as he sipped the water, unable to sit still for even a moment, bouncing in place.

Not a word came from Mrs. Jenkins, the maid, when she passed through the room. She barely gave him a glance. From the obvious state Bryan was in, the diaper he was supposed to be wearing from during the night had yet to be used. Bryan didn't like the diapers though and he had took them off while under the covers, stuffing them in the corner behind his pillow. Diapers were no fun but despite his persistency to not use them, his father and the maid would keep putting them on him.

He was still slurping down his second glass when the doorbell rang, which could only mean one thing. Mrs. Jenkins opened the door and Bryan turned to meet the man's gaze, which immediately searched the boy. He saw his eyes fall down to his lap where his hand was buried as he did the pee dance on the chair and from all the way down the hall and through the doorway into the kitchen, he could sense the arousal growing as he threw back the glass to down what was left inside.

It was good that they would be getting to work soon though because he'd slept through the night with this pressing matter and it was a losing battle. His bladder ached and the piss was pushing at his sphincter muscles, ready to slip out at the smallest chance. As he got up while Mr. Durant was lead inside, he had to clench his thighs together tightly along with squeezing his hand tighter to stay in control.

"You'll have the dining room to work in. I will finish some chores and then I'll leave but be nearby so if there's anything you need, my phone number is on the fridge," he heard Mrs. Jenkins explain to the tutor as she lead him to the dining room, where Bryan was headed as well after having cleared the kitchen table one-handed.

His walk was stiff and concentrated and Bryan pretended not to acknowledge the older male, instead just sat down in his usual spot to resume his bouncing and squirming. He readjusted his member, which was now semi hard from the grip when the maid left and Mr. Durant took a seat on the chair next to him. The heavy breathing coming from the man was more than noticeable and Bryan let out a whining sound, which struck Kevin right between his legs.

The man had been thinking about Bryan since he had gotten up this morning and having come to the house to this scene, he already had a hard on tenting his pants. His attention was focused on the teen and he couldn't find the blood in his brain to think clearly. Did he offer to help the boy to the bathroom? Did Bryan need permission? He hadn't been told yet what was going on with the teen so he was at loss what to do.

"Uh," Kevin cleared his throat, fiddling with the latches of his bag. "Do you need the bathroom, Bryan?" he asked, feeling absolutely foolish. The shake of the head he got from the younger male only increased the feeling and he rubbed the back of his neck, uncertain. "Then, ehm, let's start the lesson," he muttered, turning his gaze to his bag as he fumbled to get it open, dropping a few papers in the process due to his shaking hands. "Fuck."

Before he could do more than worry about having to reach them because Bryan could see his totally inappropriate boner, the teen was already bending down to retrieve them. He let go of his dick for this and the movement made his jeans cut into his abdomen, at which he whined again, a spurt shooting out into his lap before he could latch onto his member again. Bryan let out a few small moans as he fought for control after the damage the size of a quarter, sliding back and forth across the seat.

Kevin's gaze was pulled to the teenager's crotch rather than the papers he was holding out to him and caught himself only after a moment, at which Bryan reveled. Swallowing thickly, he forced his attention on the task at hand, whereas what he heard, the quick breathing and squirming, made it quite impossible. His own member was begging for attention, too, but he needed to keep his hands away from that certain area. Bryan had a problem with wetting and here he was turning it into a sexual fantasy of his.

He didn't even comprehend what he was actually saying because the wet spot was growing under Bryan's hand, and that was all that Kevin had in mind at that moment. His hand was quivering to reach to his groin just like the teen's knees were shaking in strain. He clenched it into a fist on the table, the other one gripping the handle of his bag so tightly, his knuckles were white, but he was just watching Bryan, with no thought of the lesson whatsoever. Instead, his mouth was open just an inch, staring shamelessly as the boy regained control once again, letting out chains of moans and whines now, kneading his dick through the wet denim, which had turned a beautiful dark blue up across the crotch, reaching down to Bryan's ass and thighs.

Bryan had actually wanted to hold off for a bit longer but his bladder had its own mind at the moment. It wasn't even his decision anymore. Of course, he had been doing this long enough to decide how much he wanted to wriggle around and how vocal he wanted to be but the release of urine was all of its own account and at the moment he was doing all he could, to bear the throbbing pain of his bladder and hold back the waterfall before he exploded.

He held it off for a few more seconds, saw out of the corner of his eyes as Mr. Durant's hand twitched toward the man's lap before he gripped the table, clenching his jaw. Bryan loved the hypnotized look the older male had on his face, the way he had completely stopped talking or moving with his eyes focused just on one spot.

All it took was one gasp, one moment where he gave into the pain for his dams to break and for the piss to start rushing out. As it poured out, soaking his shirt before filling his lap, Bryan leaned back, letting his hands fall to the side. The liquid quickly spilled over the edge of the chair, dripping loudly onto the floor along with the heavy hiss coming from his cock. The teen closed his eyes to let out a loud moan of relief and sighing contently. No matter the amount of times he did this, the wettings always gave him such a settling feeling.

In the background, he heard the hitching in Mr. Durant's along with a small grunt and he opened his eyes to find the man palming his cock through his pants. At least he was decent enough to not pull it out immediately. Bryan let a lazy smile hang crooked on his face and watched Mr. Durant's face blast into color. Planting his hands on the chair, he leaned forward, now wetting onto the chair forcefully on his own account. Watching the teen like that hands in his own puddle, piss streaming down the chair from all sides and the light blue jeans completely turning dark, Kevin was unaware of anything around him or even his own body.

The knowing look Bryan had gotten on his face, the same one, that sat there right now, as he let the last contents out, had him even further embarrassed. This had all been planned, he realized. Bryan enjoyed giving this show as much as he had enjoyed watching it, only that the teen wasn't jerking off like he was desperate to do but simply regained a normal sitting position and facial expression, now gazing at him expectantly for his lesson. He was flustered beyond comprehension at the moment and stumbled to his feet, too aware of the giant puddle on the floor. "I'll be right back," he blurted out and left the living room, trying for the sake of himself to remember where Mr. Harris had said the bathroom was. It was only after opening a few doors that he found the sanctuary, where he hurried to take care of his problem.

When he'd finished, he stepped up to the sink, turning the cold water tap and splashing some of that on his face to cool his blazing skin.

Bryan couldn't help but smile to himself. He was the sole reason for Mr. Durant reacting like that and it gave him a sense of achievement, which he hadn't felt in a long time. It felt good. Grabbing his water bottle, he downed it before he got up to clean up, not changing his wet clothes, just placing a towel on the chair beneath him.

Kevin returned to the table, smiling sheepishly, quite embarrassed and keeping his gaze down. Or rather, trying to, because it was being drawn to the wet jeans like a magnet. Bryan sat there as if nothing had happened though, as silent as always.

Clearing his throat, the man sorted through his materials again and finally got to starting his lesson. It was rather one sided, because he was the only one talking. He was never sure if Bryan exactly understood what he was explaining and asked of him. When he gave the boy a notebook and pen to work with, he took it and wrote down some notes.

After an hour, Kevin ordered a 15 minute break because he saw the liveliness in Bryan's eyes fade. Bryan made his way to the kitchen with a greedy gaze following him. Kevin would've gone with him, but it was for the best that he took a moment for a breather once more. He had no idea what was going on. Technically, he was the teacher and in charge, but next to Bryan, he felt like the student, learning about sides of himself he didn't knew they existed.

Had his attraction to other males always existed? Though the man couldn't recall any such experience before meeting Bryan. Sure, there was the teasing and curiosity phase in his teenage years but nothing had really happened back then. That he enjoyed a group piss, he had always blamed on his fetish - nothing more to it.

Now, he realized he had dealt ignorantly with the topic and had easily found what he was looking for in girls, where it might've been possible to find it in a guy as well. He swallowed thickly, frightened a bit by this resolution. Bryan on the other hand seemed completely comfortable with it. This did cause jealousy in Kevin, and uneasiness. He liked to be the dominating side in every kind of relationship but Bryan apparently already took that role.

The teen was currently in the kitchen, boiling water to make himself some tea. He was going to have a lot of fun with Mr. Durant today, oh yes. Sure, he would be seeing the man often enough from now on but he shared this specific interest and that chance, he just couldn't let pass by. Tea passed through quite quickly so if he drank amounts of that, it would offer him many possibilities.

*024*2013-11-22 12:43

{{:

Wait, english isn't your first language?? your writing is so great through! i love the descriptions, and it has a professional feeling that is hard to come by on fetish websites. the way you write things literally sounds like it comes out of a book.

Once again your update was amazing :) bryan is coming to life really well as a character, i love him! his smugness is hilarious and also really, really hot, and i can't wait to see what you do with the fact that kevin seems to hate how much he loves this situation. thank you for the update!

}}

Omg, thank you so much for the detailed comment! This means so much, you have no idea! I mean, I try my best but I didn't expect it to come across that well :3 I've had an idea like this dancing around in my head for a while but it's all thanks to this website and my readers that's gotten this story so far! Again, thank you, thank you, so much! <3

