Steven and Jenny: Stevens Little Lie

Author: 1onething

*000*2013-09-02 00:16

Part1 – Stevens Little Lie

“Diinngggg,” rang the bell as another day of classes came to an end. No sooner did students begin to fill the hallways, energizing them with endless gossip and random chatter. After stopping by their lockers, Steven and Jenny rushed to the bus=ses so they wouldn’t be left behind. The two 13 year olds had met just days before on the bus, after recognizing one another from their math class. Steven had just moved to town over the summer, when his dad was relocated as part of his military service, on the other hand Jenny had been living since she was a small toddler. Though they had only recently met, Steven had already begun to fall in love with Jenny; Apart from her luscious brown locks, her stunning green eyes, or even her strong athletic body; Steven had admired her joyful attitude. He admired how despite being new, she was easy to talk to.

As they stepped off the bus, Steven turned to Jenny and asked “you want to come over and do the math homework with me?”

With a bit of laughter Jenny replied “I need a lot of help with it!” She then added, “but Id have to ask my mom first.”

They made their way to Jenny’s house. Once there, Jenny introduced her new friend to her mom, then asked to go study with Steven.

Teasingly Jenny’s mom answered with

“you know I don’t want you at a boys house,” but allowed her to go, after some pleading.

By now Jenny had noticed increased pressure on her bladder, however she at this point just wanted to leave before her mom could say anything more to embarrass her. Taking her school pack with her, she followed Steven to his house; it was only around the corner from hers. As they stepped in, the dead silence struck Jenny. Having a younger sister, she was used to coming home to a loud house, though Steven was used to his parents working odd hours.

“Im thirsty, you want something to drink?” asked Steven as he opened the fridge door.

“Sure,” she answered, being reminded her of her slight urge to pee.

Steven grabbed a soda for both, and took a seat on the dining table where the two could study together. He quickly chugged his soda, while Jenny took a much slower approach. Sip after sip only made her need to go grow. It was after only a few sips that she asked Steven for the bathroom.

“Hey Steven, I have to pee, wheres the bathroom?”

Grabbing his crotch as if to be desperate Steven said “that soda is getting to me too," he then asked "want to play a game, whoever pees their pants loses?”

Looking at Steven, he appeared to be desperate, the soda must have gotten to him within minutes. She knew she wasn’t too desperate at the moment; she was sure she wouldn’t lose, so she agreed to his game. However what she did not know was that Steven wasn’t desperate at all, in fact he had used the bathroom just before they caught the bus at the end of class. His intention was only to pull a little prank on her.

As the math problems piled on she began getting desperate. She was showing obvious signs, wiggling in her chair, grabbing her crotch, squeezing her thighs. Steven had noticed in excitement, wondering if he could really get Jenny to pee her pants. Practically mimicking Jenny, Steven continued to appear desperate for her.

“You know these problems are so hard cause I can barely concentrate,” said Jenny as she worked through one of the many simple review problems, while jumping up and down on the chair.

Realizing she was on the brink of losing, Jenny said to Steven “I think I better go to the bathroom, my mom will kill me if I come home in wet pants.”

“That’s cheating!” exclaimed Steven.

As she got up she could feel a few drops escape, Jenny tightly crossed her legs, she regained control but it was obvious she was ready to let go.

Steven came up with the idea of letting her borrow a pair of his old shorts. They made their way to his room. Worried about peeing in her pants she to take them off, unbuttoning and unzipping them, as Steven looked for a pair. Steven then turned around; so surprised Jenny let out a scream, not wanting Steven to see her in only her panties she quickly covered herself with Stevens bed sheets. Though only getting a quick glance, Steven became elated at the site of her light blue panties. With the scream she also managed to lose control for one or two seconds, she could feel the drops as they trickled down her thighs. Once again, she easily regained control.

“Im seriously about to pee,” said Jenny in jest.

Steven proceeded to hand Jenny a pair of pajama bottoms he hadn’t worn in years, and asked “how about these?”

Jenny grabbed them and tried her best to change under his sheets; though a bit of a tight fit she managed to get them on without any problem. The pj’s were simply a plain dark blue color, and fit almost like a leggings on her. Once her pants were off, she inspected them, and to her relief she had not visibly peed in them.

The two went back to study, though Jenny slowly hopped back to the table. Steven watched her in amusement.

“I cant focus,” said Jenny.

”Lets play with my dog” suggested Steven, as he went to let him in from the backyard.

Immediately he jumped up on Steven. Introducing the two, Steven said

“That’s Jenny, shes really cool, see her Comet?”

Curiously Comet approached Jenny. As soon as she began petting him, Comet jumped up on her, tackling her to the ground and licking all over her face. Falling and laughing made her lose control of her bladder. She began peeing in Stevens pants, throwing both her hands into her crotch, before barely hanging onto control again. She could sense the drops between her fingers

“Oh my gosh, I peed!” she screamed

“Im really peeing myself,” she added as she climbed to her knees and feet.

Jenny looked at the pants and realized she had just lost, while Steven kept watching, he couldn’t believe what he was watching. Seeing her pants were already soaked, Jenny stood and let go of what was left of her bladder. From her pants, a quick stream escaped and splattered down to the carpet.

“Ill tell my mom Comet peed, if she asks,” joked Steven.

“Im all wet, I need to change” said Jenny as she once again looked down to her pants in laughter.

Her pants were wet down to her knees; her butt and underwear soaked with pee.

The two went back into Steven’s room, where Jenny grabbed her pants, and made her way to the bathroom. After taking her pants off, she cleaned her legs off with a towel, and put her jeans back on.

As she walked out she asked, ”I thought you had to pee too?”

“I lied,” stated Steven, with a grim on his face.

Throwing her pee soaked pants at Steven, Jenny responded with “I hate you, haha.”

In disgust all Steven could say was “eww!”

Not knowing what to do with the pants, he hid them under his bed, not wanting his mom to find them. Afterwards the two were then able to quickly finish their math homework, and Jenny made her way back home

*003*2013-09-20 06:11

###

Sorry for the long wait, Ive just been a bit lazy.

###

Chapter 2: Jenny's Little Secret

###

Days after the Steven and Jenny’s game, the two had met up again. It was a Saturday, at mid-day. There was no school to attend, and no homework to work on. Though the summer season was coming to an end, it had been a particularly hot day. Neither of the two had any motivation to stay out in the heat. As they shared some school gossip, they also discussed what they could do. They made their way to Jenny’s house to beat the heat for the time being.

As he stepped into the house, Steven said “its much nicer in here!”

Agreeing with him, Jenny added ”Its too hot out.”

The two were met by Jenny’s parents, who had the weekend off as usual. They greeted one another, and Jenny introduced Steven to her dad.

Leading the way, Jenny ran up the stairs and in to her room. Opening her drawer she grabbed several pairs of bikinis, threw them at Steven.

She told him him to “pick one,” while laughing at the fact that one of the bottoms pieces had covered his face.

Steven wasn’t sure which he should pick, he had choices of several colors, and even some animal prints. He began to imagine how she would look in the colors, holding up each piece superimposing it over her body. Jenny gave him some modeling poses as she watched him try to come to a decision.

After going through each, he eventually settled on pair. They were dark blue with white flower designs bottom, and a white top piece with matching blue accents. Jenny worked to put on the top piece under her shirt. Once she properly had it on her she then took off the shirt she had and asked how it looked, giving a few more poses. She then went to the bathroom to change out of her short denim shorts, and into the blue and white bottom piece. The blue color contrasted against her light-golden skin tone, while the white complemented it

Because Steven did not have swim shorts on, he had to run home to grab a pair. Jenny quickly put the denim shorts back on, and grabbed a thin white, almost see through, shirt.

In Steven’s room, Jenny curiously looked under the bed to see if the pants she peed in only days before were still there. To her surprise Steven had not touched them; they remained under the bed, unwashed. As she picked them up, she noticed they had a slight stench of urine.

“Eww, you still have these,” Jenny said with both disgust and amusement.

“I dare you to pee your pants again,” suggested Steven.

Neither had not given what had happened much thought, though Steven had enjoyed Jenny’s struggle at the time.

He then added ”lets play again, whoever can hold it longest.”

Though weary of Stevens lies, Jenny considered it.

“You lied though, youre probably lying again!” she added.

Steven could only laugh at her comment. He grabbed, and changed into the only swim shorts he had, they were a bright blue pair with black designs. After the two made their way back to Jenny’s to swim.

Back at Jenny’s house they each grabbed something to drink: Steven grabbed a bottle of water, and Jenny some juice as well as water.

“I still don’t trust you,” she said as she drank half of her bottle of water.

She added “Im gonna go to the bathroom.”

Having not used the bathroom since morning, she had a slight urge, though by no means desperate. Not wanting to be caught in Stevens lie again, she made her way to the bathroom. In there she slipped off her shorts, and began thinking about what had happened. Standing in her bikini, images began to flow through her head. She could sense the rush Steven game had brought to her; she could sense the joy, the excitement, but also a little fear.

She thought about it, she couldn’t get her mind off of it. In those several seconds, lost in thought, she slowly approached the toilet. With a little fear she sat on it, still wearing her bikini. It felt almost like several minutes to her. At this point her heart was beating more rapidly, she was nervous, yet she was more than excited. What if her parents found out what she was doing. They were, after all, right across watching TV. What if Steven found out and thought she was weird for wanting to do it. As a 13 year old she wasn’t suppose to, but she didn’t care. She would be washing off in the pool anyways: no one would notice, not her parents, not even Steven.

It was at this point she let go. A small stream escaped, flowing into her bikini, then a drop fell into the toilet. She couldn’t. Finally, she managed to. She forced it out, she could feel her pee flow down into her bikini, soaking her butt, she listened as it splashed into the toilet. Despite everything telling her not to, she was able to completely empty her bladder. She stood up from the toilet, wiggling her butt to get any remaining drops into the toilet. Several drops made their way down her butt, halfway to her thigh, while some remained absorbed on the fabric of her bikini.

She didn’t know why, but she had enjoyed what she did. She felt rush like nothing before. She walked to the sink where she washed herself off with just a bit of water. Grabbing a towel, she dried off her legs, and wiped her bikini: looking into the mirror she could see she was as clean as before.

That’s when she walked out of the bathroom. She was ecstatic at what had just happened. When she saw her parents talking out in the backyard and Steven already in the pool she knew with certainty no one would ever know. This had eased the slight nervousness she felt.

She then joined Steven in the pool, cannon-balling into it.

