You and I

Author: Ranpalan

*000*2014-07-11 03:45

I had an idea and I couldn't sleep until I wrote it out. It's relevant, so I thought I'd post it. Gender of characters is up to the reader, though I imagined at least one as female.

...

You and I always have this kind of stuff happen to us, don't we?

I think the first time was on that school trip, in the bus. You thought it'd be a good idea to buy us each a big soda, and I wasn't going to pass up on that. You felt it first, too, and whispered that you needed to pee. That's when I realised I did, too. We couldn't go, so it became a bit of a contest, though you and I both knew we'd not pass up a rest stop. I ended up losing, I guess. You didn't let me live it down for months, but when I stepped out of that bus, I just couldn't hold it any more. Not that you were much better off, but you made it to those bushes, and you had time to pull down your pants.

You didn't let me live that down for a long time.

I got tired of it eventually, though. I wanted to get a second chance to beat you, and that time at the bar was the perfect moment. You and I were just leaving, and you said you'd go to the bathroom first. I told you I could hold it, and at first you just stared at me blankly, but then you understood. You said that if I'd be fine, you'd certainly be, and we were off. We both managed to last until we got off the bus, even though you ended up unbuttoning your jeans. I tried to hide how bad I had to go, but if you hadn't hobbled over to that dumpster, I'd have found a place myself. You had no idea how close I was to letting it all go again. I think you leaked a little that time, but I never found the courage to ask.

You must have planned the next time on purpose.

I was invited to a beach party, and I took you along. You were offering me drinks all night long; I know you like seeing me drunk, but I think what you really wanted was to see me admit I have to pee. You were again the first to feel it, though. You asked me, in a slur, where you could go, and I told you we should walk off to the side and find a good place. I thought there'd be a good place, anyway, but there wasn't. The beach party was larger than I thought, and we ended up just walking there and back, getting even more drinks from people. You and I were quite popular, I have to say. You especially, and doubly so when it became obvious what you were struggling with. You shifted around, held yourself, asked people where you could go, and they just laughed. You cursed them, and then while we walked on, you wet yourself. I didn't even notice at first, you just kept walking. You definitely did, though, even though you denied it the next day.

You always denied it when you wet yourself.

I'm still not sure whether you really did wet yourself on the phone that day. You had called me up, but I think you just wanted a quick chat, and I missed you. You and I lived far away back then, and I rarely saw you. I kept talking, and you weren't bored, but eventually I realised there was something wrong. You wouldn't say what, though, and I wouldn't stop asking, because you always told me when something was wrong. I wasn't your best friend for nothing. You gave up eventually, you tried to to hang up. You put the phone back right, though, and I heard a hissing and I heard you curse again. You often cursed back then.

You won't be able to get away now, though.

I've got it ready. You and I are going on a bus trip again, and I know you aren't going to pass up another chance to repeat our first time. I've got the soda here, and I know how rarely this bus stops. You're wearing bright jeans, so you'll have a hard time hiding anything. I won't be any better off, but I've done this before. As long as you are the one to lose it first, I'll have succeeded. You and I will finally be even.

