Furry Female Interactive Omo Story - Interactive stories - Omorashi

Author: Locket

*000*2023-02-27 20:42

Hello everyone! I’ve been wanting to do something like this for a while. I’ve never really done an interactive story before and I'm honestly not very good at writing, but I figured it could be a fun way for me to get better at writing while engaging with the community more! Sometimes there may be long spaces of time between writing due to being busy with real life or a sudden loss of inspiration, but this is something I will do my best to see all the way through!

You as the readers will be given a series of concepts to choose from, whichever suggestion gets requested the most will be the direction the story will follow!

First, let’s make our character! I’m not the best at writing about humans so this will be a furry female story. ^u^;

What should her species be?:

A. Hyena - Large muscular build with a pseudo penis which could make things interesting

B. Cow - Weight of udders full of milk that needs voiding on top of a very spacious bladder

C. Wolf - Familiar omo species that could go in multiple different directions

D. Horse - Very tall and toned with an impressively sized bladder

What should her bladder be like?:

E. Normal, bulges out like a persons with average capacity depending on the species

F. Normal, but doesn’t bulge

G. Hyper, stomach bulges out a little more than average but there’s a ton more pee

H. Hyper, stomach continues to grow limitlessly with the amount of pee

What should her personality be?:

I. Shy and introverted

J. Stubborn and lady-like

K. Butch and headstrong

L. Outgoing and polite

What should the setting be?:

1. House party

2. Apartment - We would create a roommate character

3. Farm

4. Mall + Shopping center

5. Office

6. Casual house

7. Park in a city

8. Stuck elevator

*009*2023-02-28 09:32

Thank you all for taking part in this! 😄

Based on the votes given, we have our character:

An anthro cow lady named Mocha who is very shy and introverted, and has a hyper bladder. Hyper in the way where you can’t tell externally, but when she pees it’s like a mini tsunami. She lives on a very cozy farm that she works on! Let’s begin! ^u^

~

Warm summer sun arose over the green mountain range, spreading light to the pasture as if to bid the farm good morning. Gentle morning dew flew up from the tall blades of green grass as the evening chill left the rich earth. Sleeping flowers awoke once their fragile petals were kissed by the sunlight, allowing their color to paint the entire property. This farmland wasn’t too big or impressive, but it was self sustainable, quaint, and comfortable. Two separate gardens, a large grassy pasture, a tall red barn, and a white barn house attached to it for the finishing touch. Though despite its small size there was plenty of work that is always awaiting completion. Work that usually has to be started long before the sun rises…

Inside the little white barn house slept an anthropomorphic guernsey cow female, coated in soft brown and white spotted fur. She wasn’t exactly toned with muscle, but instead carried a stout pudgy body that curved beautifully. She had no horns atop her head, but instead sported short fluffy brown hair that slightly curled at the tips. Her eyes were such a shade of dark brown it was so easy to get lost in them, long fluffed eyelashes to compliment them. Her nose was a pastel pink that shone in the light peering through the window that found its way reflecting off the rest of her body.

Her large D cup breasts had faded pastel pink nipples that parted on her chest as she layed on her back in a deep slumber, still resting on her cute belly. Right below her plump stomach, she carried heavy and sloshy udders that displayed the same shade of pink as her nose and nipples, the large swollen flesh full of fresh milk. Her thighs were thunderous, her rear was large yet thinned itself out as her legs reached her quads and heels. Brown hooves reared at the end of her legs, though she didn’t have hooves for hands. This beautiful cow lady’s name was Mocha, and she was very late for her chores!

Once the sun met her closed eyes, she groggily sat up to stretch away her stiffness. Her exhausted demeanor faded away with incredible speed once she had realized she had overslept. Mocha hopped out of bed, taking no mind of anything other than getting dressed, quick breakfast, and getting to work. She dug through her drawer at light speed and pulled out a pair of overall shorts and a white tee. They fit snugly on her and were very visibly worn, but she wasn’t exactly looking to impress anyone. Mocha quickly grabbed her sun hat before rushing down the stairs to her kitchen, udders sloshing noisily below her stomach which growled with hunger, causing the shy cow girl to blush with embarrassment despite nobody being around to hear her body make such noises. She usually would milk herself every evening before bed, and then would sell it to be

The cow lass dug through her fridge for something to eat but found herself only managing to find a carton of juice in the fridge. ‘Maybe it wouldn’t be so empty if I had woken up on time…’ She complained to herself, knowing that until she got her work done, there wasn’t going to be much to eat. No bother, juice usually filled her up just as much as food anyhow so it wasn’t too big of a deal. She was going to be purchasing more juice from the local market tomorrow anyway so may as well make extra room in the fridge for it! Before she knew it, Mocha was chugging the entire jug of juice. Her hind quarters squeezed together tightly without her even realizing. The tight overalls wrapping the shape of her plump ass and pussy, it was hard to test where this sudden urge of pressure was coming from. Could it be that Mocha was forgetting to do something important? Well whatever it was, it could wait.

Stifling a small burp, Mocha headed out the door, feeling full from the copious amounts of liquid just consumed. It was going to be another hot summer day so the liquid was much needed. “Hmm… Now which chores should I tackle first…” Mocha mumbled to herself as she pulled out a long list of what needed to be done. Which chore should she do first?

1. Pull weeds

2. Harvest some vegetables

3. Mow the pasture

4. Water the gardens

5. Collect eggs

