Dark Souls: desperate battles - Page 3

Author: Monado Boy

*051*2015-10-13 04:15

{{: 

I'm really feeling it!

}}

I was wondering how long it would take someone to make that reference XD

*053*2015-10-19 17:25

Ok, I meant to do this yesterday but my Xbox messed up and I was too focused on keeping that thing running to do this. Sorry.

Ok, time for the rest of the Duke's archives.

___

Chapter 14: Duke's archives part 2 AND crystal caverns

Natasa woke up on the ground. The ground was wooden and cold. The sound of hissing filled her hearing and the sound of metal piercing flesh. The door to a cell opened close to her and a familiar voice. "Well, you were in a pickle."

Solaire.

The Warrior of sunlight helped her to her feet and led her to a ladder, explaining how he had followed her, knowing of Seath's race. He explained how he had rescued her and of the abominations deeper into the prison. A chill went down Natasa's spine. Would she have become one of them? She hoped not. She kept following Solaire closely.

Once they both made it out of the prison and back to the endless library they walked down several staircases (while having to dodge soul spears from magicians and crystal hollow blades. Eventually they both made it outside to a cold courtyard. A large crystal golem soon set upon them, pinning Natasa against a wall and digging crystals into her flesh. Solaire soon shattered the golem with a sunlight spear. The electric projectile ripping the golem apart in seconds.

"How the hell did you do that?"

Solaire sighed. "I wasn't originally from Astora. I was the first born of Lord Gwyn. I took pity on mortals and my father banished me for it. He saw it as treason." The joy had all but disappeared from his voice. Natasa didn't press the subject but she could tell she'd opened an old wound. They continued in silence, soon reaching a large cave made entirely of crystals. The golems were soon dispatched by Solaire, his throws seemingly angrier and harsher. Natasa regretted saying what she'd done earlier. After a hour of walking across endless pits and golems Natasa came across the fog door to Seath. They stepped into the fog. The room was empty. A strange thin crystal was in the centre of the cavern. Natasa slashed it in half, thinking it may cause Seath to confront them. She was right.

The albino dragon crashed into the cavern. He took up most of the room and several large crystals were shattered. Solaire started lobbing sunlight spears at the dragon, piercing the dragon's flesh. Natasa started clambering up the crystal walls, using the dragon's scratch marks as grips. She quickly got above the dragon's head and dropped. Stabbing deep into his skull. The dragon flailed about in blind panic, crushing crystals as it went. Solaire flung a final sunlight spear into the beast's face and it toppled over.

Natasa found herself in the whiteness again. This time Seath was towering over her instead of Nito's true form. "Ah, how I have missed my sanity." The dragon spoke with a voice of command and knowledge. "I once had knowledge of all that was needed for this world. Alas, the knowledge that I uncovered was not for that of mortal understanding. I give to you the lord soul gifted to me by Lord Gwyn. Use it and continue the age of fire for the sake of the gods and the humans." Seath faded and with his last words gave her a warning. "Should the fires fade my kind will rise again. That would be cataclysmic for all kinds. Do the right choice Human."

Natasa came around on the ground of the cavern. She got up, her side hurting and full of crystal shards. She rested at the bonfire and glanced back at Seath, his hulking form turning to dust. She looked away, now not sure if she should follow the dragon's advice or Orestien's.

*055*2015-10-26 23:07

Well, it's that time again guys. Time for the next chapter, and the votes are in, my own vote, we're going the DLC next. Now, I have to admit, I never actually finished the DLC of the game BUT I have been in Manus' boss chamber so.......that means something right?

Anyway, I present to you wondrous people the next chapter

___

Chapter 15: The royal sanctuary.

Natasa awoke with no recollection of the past few hours. She'd been in the crystal caverns and went to the undead parish because she'd heard there was a black smith there that could improve her thief armour (True the giant blacksmith in Anor Londo could have done the same but Natasa was afraid he may damage it and running around with nothing on in Lordran was a double death sentence.

Next thing she knew we'd woken up in a small cave next to a bonfire. Her body aching and cold despite the flames being decently strong. It was only then that Natasa noticed a familiar suit of armour. "greeting again Natasa, I trust your quest is fairing well?" Orestien had joined her.

"We are both currently in the past. I know this due to your pendent. That pendent was recovered long ago from Oolacile and the only way you could have obtained it is from the one who took it. While I am not sure how we have ended up here, it is clear it is to alter something."

Natasa barely understood Orestien but was able to comprehend what he meant, it was strange but then again she was a dead woman fighting demons and the undead. Stranger things had happened.

Natasa's bladder have a twinge and she groaned mentally. She stood up and started following the tunnel at the far end of the cave in hopes of finding an exit. "Let's get this over with so I can most likely wet myself like a child again."

Orestien followed her, a faint chuckle escaping his lips.

They both came to a fog wall after a mere minute of walking. Natasa wordlessly pushed through it and was met by a creature that defied definition. She was also met with a barrage of lightning. Orestien quickly followed her and provided her with his own supply of lightning bolts. Natasa tried to get behind the creature and to leap onto it's back to start stabbing it while it was distracted.

By the time Natasa's plan was put into motion she'd been poisoned twice and had several wounds that kept her drinking from her estus, making the mounting pressure in her bladder worse. She knew she would lose it after a powerful attack. She was expecting it. She started stabbing at the sanctuary guardian while holding on tightly as to not be knocked off by Orestien's lightning bolts. The beast raised it's tail and brought it down, stabbing through Natasa's arm and sending pain surging through her.

She fell off and was soon faced with the beast's jaws. A wave of electricity was sent at her just as Orestien did the same to the guardian. Both spells hit at the same time. The guardian let out a pained roar and faded into dust while Natasa simply lay there as she lost control. Natasa felt strangely calm. She knew about the searing pain in her arm and the fact that her urine was pooling around her, mixing into the thin layer of water that coated the area but she didn't mind. She felt peaceful and she enjoyed it.

Soon Orestien broke her from her peaceful rest and they followed another tunnel through to a garden full of graves. A large mushroom spoke. "Ah, Sir Orestien, to what do I owe the pleasure?" Natasa was slightly weirded out, Mushrooms weren't normally conversational. She just rested at the bonfire while Orestien decided to "debrief" the large fungus.

*057*2015-11-01 01:14

Yes, as some of you (and I mean two out of the three people who read this) may have noticed, I'm basically throwing the plot of the DLC out of the window and watching it fall off a cliff. What that means is that I'm rewriting it, I'm changing how the DLC goes.

On with this trainwreck!

___

Chapter 16: Artorias

Natasa and Orestien left the garden. The large mushroom, who turned out to be called Elizabeth, had told them what had happened with the Oolacile and it's princess, Dusk. Orestien filled Natasa in on what else had transpired as they ventured through the forest. "One of my fellows, Knight Artorias has been sent to fight back the abyss that is consuming Oolacile. He is destined to fail. This is why I've followed you into the past, which is currently our present. I wish to change history." Orestien and Natasa made their way to a destroyed stone structure. Orestien shot a lightning spear at a switch at the bottom of a long vertical shaft and an elevator raised to meet them. They rode it down.

Once they stepped out of the stone ruins a large shadow obscured the dim sun above. "A dragon? At this time the last one I believe, we must continue." Natasa followed and they soon came to another stone structure, this one towering above them. A figure stood at the entrance in front of a fog wall. The figure unsheathed a pair of daggers and greeted Orestien. "Greeting Dragonslayer. I believe it is time." Orestien responded. "I do believe so too Ciaran. This is Natasa, a strong undead who may just be what we need. Artorias may be saved."

Natasa walked through the fog wall and was met with the sight of a tall knight in broken armour with a strange looking greatsword at the far side of the arena. The knight raised his head and choked out a warning. "P-please, I know not who you are but I beseech you, leave, quickly!" Ciaran and Orestien walked through the fog and joined Natasa. Artorias lurched and suddenly lunged towards them. They all dodged.

The battle too a it's toll on them all. Orestien's spear had been broken and his lightning spear attacks now harmed his aswell. Ciaran had been on the receiving end of a swing from the sword's blunt side, breaking her wrist and forcing her to drop one of her daggers. Natasa had been his in the chest, two ribs broken at least.

Artorias seemed to shrug off the attacks, his wounds closing swiftly and recovering from attacks just as quick. That was until Ciaran threw her dagger down and sprinted at him. He swung his blade, narrowly missing her head as she tackled him. He barely flinched. She hugged him. Artorias dropped his greatsword, the blade forgotten. Natasa and Orestien watched, amazed.

Eventually Ciaran released Artorias and stepped back. He was seemingly frozen for a moment before dropping onto his knees and gasping for breath. "Ciaran.....h-how did you?" Artorias had returned to sanity.

____

Evil cliffhanger is evil. Before anyone says so; yes that was a cheap and unthought out chapter. I just had the though to bring the four knights together and that was the only way to get Artorias into it again. I'll probably explain it in the next chapter once I sleep on it.

Next up: Kalameet...

*059*2015-11-05 20:50

Ok, blah blah blah random talk no one listens to, on with the story, sorry for any fans of Dark souls who don't like the retelling of the DLC.

___

Chapter 17: Kalameet

They stood there. The shock had seemingly sent a shock wave through the arena and everyone was practically frozen. Once everyone recovered from the shock Artorias began to get briefed by Orestien. Natasa took several swigs from her estus flask, the warm liquid healing her instantly. Ciaran had walked over to her. "I see you have a vial of estus. May I have some? My wounds sting from that last battle." Natasa handed Ciaran the flask. "Careful, take too much and your bladder fills instantly." Ciaran simply laughed her statement off as a joke and took several large swigs herself.

Natasa went off to explore the arena as she saw it had an upper level. She soon came to a locked door. She could probably have found the key for it, but she just stabbed at the lock with her dagger until the door swung open as if it had never been locked in the first place. Natasa climbed up a ladder and was greeted by a hulking mass. "Ahh, I see you've met Gough."

Artorias had followed Natasa up the tower and stood at the top of the ladder behind her. The hulking mass raised it's head. "Ahh, Artorias. I believed you had been corrupted by the abyss' influence." Artorias shook his head. "Not yet, although my soul feels heavier. On lighter news, this is Natasa, Orestien just filled me in on what has been happening. I believe Manus is yet again gaining power."

Gough shook his masked head. "Ahh, troubling. Anyway, I am Hawkeye Gough of the knights of Qwyn. I do believe we have more to worry about though at the moment so please forgive me for the lack of pleasantry." Gough wordlessly stood and blindly grasped for his bow, soon finding it and aiming it skyward. "The black dragon Kalameet, last of his kind."

After a one in a million shot by Gough (Seriously, through the wing, levels of badassness off the charts) and trekking through the forest again, Natasa, Artorias and the rest of their party had turned up at another fog door. Orestien lead the way. Once all of them had reached the centre of a large clearing the beast appeared. Kalameet was smaller than most dragons but towered over even Orestien who unleashed the first attack. The lightning spears damaged the dragon's hide but left no lasting damage, the dragon was a strong one.

Artorias trew himself forward, his greatsword crashing down on the dragon's head. A dark orange orb of light coming from the dragon's forehead suddenly shone and Artorias was lifted off the ground the flung into the cliff face. Natasa and Ciaran stayed back and Orestien and Artorias distracted Kalameet. Natasa noticed Ciaran's posture was slightly less balanced than before. Natasa had been in that position all too often. "I warned you."

Ciaran simply huffed and started towards Kalameet, her daggers slicing through the dragon's scales with some difficulty. The dragon simply clawed at her a few times and levitated her. Artorias immediately slashed at the dragon to force it to drop her, Natasa climbing onto it's back to damage it more. Natasa stabbed at the dragon's back and managed to cut it's undamaged wing off. She then climbed up to it's head and stabbed down into the orb. It threw her off in rage and agony.

The dragon thrashed and screeched, each movement being mirrored by Ciaran and her bladder being battered with each passing second. She was eventually thrown into a cliff face, her back hitting the rock with a crack. Artorias suddenly dashed at Kalameet and cleaved the black dragon in half, his greatsword dripping in both dragon blood and the power from the abyss. He then rushed over to Ciaran to check on her.

Natasa and Orestien walked over to the pair as Artorias checked the smaller knightess. "She'll recover with some estus. Her shoulder is basically reduced to powder however, she'll need to rest at a bonfire. Apart from that, she is unwounded from her collision." Ciaran slowly stood up, her head remaining down. "My pride however has been damaged beyond repair."

Orestien and Natasa soon noticed the moisture and dampness of Ciaran's robes. "If it makes it any better I know how you feel. That's happened to me countless times on this quest." Ciaran's head raised slightly and she began to make her way back to the arena. The others followed.

Once they returned Artorias went to talk to Ciaran, Orestien held Natasa back. "The reason this has effected Ciaran so much is because she has feeling for Artorias, this has clearly embarrassed her to no end. Let him go and talk to her, I know what he'll say anyway, he would never think less of her." Indeed they both soon came back and looked towards the ruined and crumbling township of Oolacile. "I talked to Gough, he'll shoot arrows down on any enemies he can." Artorias explained. They all nodded and set off for the Abyss.

*063*2015-11-06 21:16

{{: 

Great to see other characters wet instead of Natasa!

}}

I thought that I've got an idea, said Idea involves a female character and I ran with it XD Not really sure if I could do it again though, the female characters in dark souls one are kinda few and far between, especially with the goddess of "amazing chests" being absent.

*064*2015-11-13 23:08

Ok, sorry for being late, I've got school riding me recently. So, here we are, the PVP capital of Dark souls. I hate this area. Not as bad as Sen's fortress or Blight town but it's up there.

___

Chapter 18: Oolacile township.

Natasa lead the small party of knights as they followed the decaying and crumbling pathways. The twisted creatures were swiftly dealt with as they advanced, Gouph's arrows occasionally sniping their foes (and nearly hitting Orestien on more than one occasion, a swift lightning spear was sent at the tower. Gouph's accuracy seemed to improve almost instantly) They soon travelled into the bowels of the township.

"We should find Sif once we enter the abyss. He will help us." Artorias then explained how he had used his shield to protect Sif and had left him in the abyss, alone but safe. They eventually reached the bottom of the township and the edge of the abyss. They were met with several dark red figures, none of which were familiar to Natasa. Zav hadn't betrayed her.

Each of the fighters separated, some barely able to resist striking each other on sight. Natasa remembered what Solaire had said about Zav when they first met. Dark wraths were considered traitors to Gwyn. The fight didn't last long. Artorias almost instantly crushed his opponent before using the blunt edge of his sword to allow Ciaran a platform to lunge upon one of the phantoms. Orestien impaled his chosen phantom and sent a shockwave of lightning through her body. Natasa was both impressed and intimidated. She hadn't even swung her blade and the battle was over. The group was clearly very skilled.

Natasa pushed on while the others recovered from what could only be called a fight in slow motion. She noticed an elevator leading down. Suddenly, she was being pulled down by a large, black hand. Manus had pulled another into the abyss.

Artorias had been the first to recover from the battle (by wiping the blood off his sword) and had been following Natasa until he saw Manus grab her. He quickly gestured for the others to follow him and they descended with the elevator. As they entered the abyss two things occurred; Artorias sensed that Manus was somewhere deep within the abyss and was almost able to pin point his location. That and he had noticed another red form leaning against a wall.

"I see I'm not the only one helping Natasa. If the three of you are willing to put your prejudices aside I believe we can save her before the old master of the abyss completely corrupts her." Zav turned and set off into the darkness.

*066*2015-12-01 18:51

I'M BACK AND KICKING. After getting the flu for a week and recovering for another I'm ready to get back to writing. CHAPTER 19 IS HERE!

___

Chapter 19: The Abyss part one: Natasa

Natasa awoke, her body aching and her mind covered in a thick haze. When she stood up she was met with darkness. A hulking figure barely visible on the far side of the room. She wasn't sure how, but the mass seemed to be speak from the darkness surrounding her.

"Mortal, I know of your quest. I trust you will listen to me as I speak."

Natasa gave a swift nod and allowed the mass to speak.

"I am what you know as the furtive pygmy. Now I go by the name Manus, not by choice, but by those who will remember me as a mindless beast that lead to the destruction of this township. I wish to speak to you about the facts. I know you possess half of my pendent, if it is not too much trouble, may I ask for it's return? It holds dear memories for me." Natasa complied, stepping forward she saw the hulking brute for what it truly was. A twisted face so unrecognisable that hardly any features were present. A disproportioned body that lacked any kind of logic. small legs, stubby almost under the weight of Manus. One arm was small and grasped a large staff while the other was large and rested upon the ground. She offered the pendent, his large hand grasped it with a strange lightness.

"I thank you. This means more to me than you know. I know that one day the sun will set. The lord of sunlight shall become the lord of cinder and the land shall become dark. I ask of you this, allow the land to die, it will continue to exist as a shell, with the gods rule cast aside and the humans in control. The way it should be."

Manus paused, looked towards the ceiling of the cavern they resided in and spoke again. "They are coming, your allies, I believe it is time. kill me, end my life and end this corruption!"

Natasa raised her blade just as she heard the fog wall behind her. Someone had pushed their way through.

*069*2015-12-02 18:56

{{: 

As a Dark Souls fan I am interested, but I'd recommend you spellcheck and fix your grammar a tad more, especially the names. The plot is also a tad confusing, and lots of characters are being a lot nicer than they should be given the lore and setting, though I'm sure you have reasoning for it; a bit of character trait diversity wouldn't be bad though, I feel it could use some more evil and gloominess...And more, well, Dark Soulsy atmosphere. Everything's so hunky dory it doesn't feel like I'm reading Dark Souls. Other than that, great job! I look forward to seeing how things wrap up.

}}

Thanks for the feed back. I'll admit, I'm not the best at capturing the characteristics of characters I don't make myself. From the next chapter onwards I'll try to make it more Dark soulsy (Loving that phrase), Tell me if I go from Dark souls to hatred through XD I'm not the best at judging emotions and I don't want Artorias to start seeming like an angsty teenager. I guess once I get back to the main story it'll be better, won't need to worry about carrying the knights of Gwyn with me for the quest XD then the only cannon character I need to worry about is Solaire and to him everything IS hunky dory XD

Also, yes, sorry about the grammar mistakes and the other errors, I'm a teenager trying to be a fanfic writer over here, hate to play the age card but I'm not exactly Shakespeare XD

Either way, thanks for the feed back, and I agree, I need more than "I'm eager to read more." I'll get us all through this fanfic if it hollows me but I need SOME advice XD

