Friends

Author: Guest DESPERATIONMAN

*000*2014-05-29 00:43

The One Where Rachael Has To Hold It

Rachael Green sighed as she watched the clock tick by. 5:55, five minutes before she could officially leave work and relax for the evening. However there was one slightly more pressing issue for the blonde, one which needed to be fulfilled pretty soon. Rachael had been sitting with her legs tightly crossed for the past hour, and had been forced to bounce lightly in her seat to ease the pressure on her aching bladder. Since Rachael's pee during her morning break, she had consumed two cups of coffee and a large soda, as well as occasional glasses of water. Her boss was very strict times in which employees could use the bathrooms, and only allowed it during official break times. 

Rachael hadn't felt the need at lunch, and despite having urges during her afternoon break, she knew the amount of work meant that she couldn't really get away with wasting time fulfilling her bodily needs. She knew that she was in control of her bladder, and at the time, she felt she would comfortable hold it. 5:56. Yet now she knew it would was going to be a close call, and there was no guarantee of making it to the toilets with dry knickers. The tight pencil skirt she was wearing did her no favours, as it pressed on her bladder, making it more difficult to suppress the waves of urine threatening to surface.

Annoyingly, Rachael had finished her work, but with her boss working just next door, she knew she couldn't risk being seen leaving early, and the thought of being called into his office while being in dire need of the restroom was an unappealing scenario to face. She tried to take her mind off the more persistent pleas from her bladder to read a fashion magazine. 5:57. She swore the clock was moving slower. Her need was increasing at a worrying rate now, and she was now forced to openly dig her fists into her crotch to prevent an embarrassing accident. The empty coffee mug in the corner of her eye was almost tempting for her. She considered the feeling of ripping her skirt off, and allowing the pee to explode into the mug, and the feeling of relief and satisfaction she would get. She also knew that if someone was to walk into the room at this time, she would almost certainly lose her job, so the extreme discomfort would have to be suffered.

5:58. Oh my God! She was trying to think of the last time she needed the bathroom this badly. It was probably that party where she got ridiculously drunk in high school, and ended up wetting her jeans while waiting for the restroom at someone's house. Only this time, she couldn't use the 'drunk' excuse. The idea of actually wetting herself horrified her, so she tried again to take her mind off the desperation, gazing out of the window at the beautiful New York skyline. 5:59. Rachael saw this as her cue to start getting ready, so she carefully stood up, making sure her hand remained in her crotch. She awkwardly walked over to grab her coat and bag, feeling the pee sloshing about in her ridiculously full bladder. The gusset of her panties felt damp, and she was unsure if this was down to a leaked spurt of urine, or the nerves induced by the situation. She gingerly bent down to put her coat on, having to hold herself again to prevent a bit of wee escaping her exhausted muscles.

6:00. Rachael ran to the door as fast as she could in her pee-filled state. The doors still needed to be locked, so Rachael was forced to stand with her legs tightly crossed, fiddling around with her keys, while mumbling under her breath. Eventually the door locked, and she hobbled over to the lift, praying with each step that her bladder could remain strong for the next two minutes or so. As the lift doors shut closed, she was thankful no-one else was in, and she took opportunity of the privacy, by slightly unzipping her pencil skirt, and placing her hand down her panties to help the cause. Her pussy trembled as her cold hands clutched her urethra, and as her fingers ran through her thin line of pubic hair. 

With relief at such a proximity away, she found it extremely difficult to hold it, and she shifted in her place like a school girl. The sound came on that indicated the lift was about to stop, and she quickly readjusted herself, exasperated at the fact someone else was about to enter the lift. The sudden increase in pressure caused her to let a spurt of wee out into her white panties, and prompted a gasp and a blush from Rachael. The door opened, and a man in his late 20s walked in. Rachael knew this man, he was the gorgeous one with the hair who worked on 5th. The two had never spoken to each other, but Rachael had been wishing for weeks that he'd work up the courage to ask her out for a coffee. Damn! The thought of coffee caused Rachael to squirm in her place.

'Hi' the man spoke up, smiling at Rachael.

'Hey' Rachael replied as flirtily as she could, standing with her knees bent and pressed into each other, to try and ease the pressure without her having to hold herself.

'How's it going?' he asked, while taking a swig of water.

Rachael watched as the water tantalisingly sloshed about inside the bottle. 'Yeah not bad, you know how it is at this time, all this work'

The elevator suddenly jerked, causing Rachael to jerk with horror. Another spurt leaked into her panties and she was forced to suddenly clutch her crotch to prevent a full blown accident. She felt the warm drop of pee escape the safety of her knickers, and run slowly down her leg. She was aware the elevator had stopped working, causing instant panic.

'HELLO?!!' she yelled, banging on the door.

'We're stuck between 1st and ground floor,' the man informed her. 'I've pressed the emergency button, but I'm not sure how long they'll be'

'Oh God, this is really bad.' Rachael exclaimed, fanning herself, while standing with her legs crossed tightly.

'Calm down, I'm sure it'll be sooner rather than later' the man replied.

'It's not that, it's just..' Rachael looked down at her feet, and went beetroot read.

'What?' the man enquired, oblivious to the fact Rachael was hopping from toe to toe, with her hand resting on her crotch.

'I'm dying to use the bathroom' she shamefully admitted.

'Oh,' the young man blushed, not quite sure what to say. The bulge in his pants gave his fetish away, as well as how hot he found Rachael.

This didn't go unnoticed by the desperate Rachael. 'Enjoying this are you?' she snapped, now crying in desperation.

'Er... no... it's just...' he was flabbergasted, and had no idea how to react.

Rachael glanced at his now empty water bottle.'Tell you what, I'm now so desperate, that I would pee ANYWHERE. How about you let me piss in your bottle, and I'll let you buy me a coffee tomorrow morning?'

'Urm...' Rachael grimaced as the man hesitated, as a much longer spurt of pee soaked her panties. 'Sure.'

As quick as anything, Rachael ripped her skirt and panties off, and was now stood there, bottom half naked, keeping her thighs tightly shut. The man stared at her exposed vagina, admiring it. He would be lying if he said he hadn't imagined what it looked like, and this was even better.

'Quickly,' Rachael yelled, as he passed her the water bottle. She positioned the water bottle under her lips and tried to relax. The need to pee was agonising now, yet her body just wouldn't allow her to urinate. 'Turn away,' she ordered, but as soon as he did, the lift started to move again.

Rachael pulled her skirt and panties up, before a jet of urine exploded out of a urethra. 'So now you decide to pee?' Rachael grumbled, having to act quickly to prevent herself from wetting her knickers. The door opened, and Rachael ran as fast as possible to the ladies room, not caring about the drips of urine she left during the process. She bolted into the closest stall, but struggled to undo her skirt this time. She was surrounded by the extremely loud hiss of pee from the woman in the stall adjacent, and the flushing of the toilet in the other stall. Now screaming in agony, she felt her privates turn numb, and she knew the inevitable was happening.

It began as a steady stream of hot piss, soaking the crotch of her panties, which formed two smaller streams down each leg. However eventually it exploded out of her urethra. Rachael watched as a wet spot formed on her skirt, which slowly grew in size. The pee spread to her bum, and had even reached her high heels. Rachael pulled the waistband of her panties away from her, and watched as the pee soaked the fabric. She sat on the toilet after a three minute piss, panting and gasping in ecstasy. Luckily, her coat remained dry so she was able to hide the leakage, as she walked away from the bathroom. She found the man just waiting outside.

'Sorry you missed the show, maybe I'll make it up to you some other time,' she winked. 'What's your name again?'

'James' he replied, before grabbing her and passionately kissing her. Rachael returned the hug, and knew at that point she was going to have some fun with him.

