RWBY: Classtime Crisis

Author: Moki

*000*2016-01-14 21:31

Heyyyy, what's this? A fanfic? Don't mind if I do~ Lemme know what you think. Just randomly came up with the idea and decided to go with it. First real attempt at a full fictional desperation story. ENJOY~

###

Tick. Tock…

(“Gotta pee, gotta pee, gotta peeeeee…”) Silver eyes lingered on the large clock across the classroom, the crimson clad scythe wielding leader of team RWBY sitting anxiously in place at her desk. The lesson was close to over, but it had felt like an absolute eternity. She was bobbing slightly, her knees unable to remain still. The female bit her lip, focusing on the papers in front of her, trying to take notes, but she found her mind drifting back to the clock and how long of this torture was left.

Earlier that very morning Ruby had ingested a lot of soda. A lot.

And all of it was coming back to haunt her. She didn’t have time to pee before the lesson began because she was surprisingly late for once, and not wanting to get any negative views from the great huntsmen in the academy for poor bladder control, she held on. It was only an hour or so, right? She could manage. Oh boy, was she regretting that decision…

Looking around the class. Okay, so, thankfully most people seemed to be too occupied with their own things. Drawing random doodles, occasional glances to the professor to try and show enthusiasm… but no eyes were lingering on her desperate shuffle. That was at least good. Blake seemed to have fallen asleep entirely – and went thankfully unnoticed, otherwise she’d have been waking with one heck of a fright. Yang seemed to be half-wittedly paying attention, and Weiss – Oh god, she was looking right at her. (“Quick Ruby, act natural!”) The girl quickly gave a nervous smile, one of the most forced ones she’d ever given in her life.

The heiress didn’t seem to be too pleased by the gesture… but nonetheless she stopped looking her way. At least that was good.

Professor Port was babbling on about some sort of legendary story where he singlehandedly took down an army of Grimm or something stupid along those lines. Ruby didn’t CARE so little in her whole life! All that mattered was running to the bathroom, pulling down her panties and sweet reli-

(“!!!”) Ruby’s eyes widened slightly as she realized she was thinking way too much about it. Her legs were clamped together as tight as she possibly could, and she was squirming in her seat a bit, grinding herself as much as possible against the seat. She swore she could feel her bladder shift in her abdomen, which was relatively swollen by then. How much did she have in her?!

(“Distractions, distractions, uh…”) Ruby closed her eyes, trying to think, sweat gently rolling down her face as she desperately tried to hold on for dear life. She was 15, not 5, but she definitely didn’t remember ever having to pee this bad in her whole life!

She remembered those times she had to rush behind the bushes, and answer the call of nature out in the great outdoors, the feeling of relief being absolutely amazing.

Oh god.

Okay, so distractions REALLY weren’t working. There was a minute until the end of the class. (“Think Ruby, think… what can I think of to distract myself…”) She couldn’t ask to be excused by Port. She’d done that way too many times in similar situations, but this was the worst. Of course it was…

Her thought was cut short, as suddenly, there was a loud slam right beside her, earning a high pitched yelp of surprise from the girl, as well as a solid spurt into her panties, dampening them, warmth spreading across her nether region immediately. Out of sheer instinct, both hands immediately jammed straight into her crotch, her fingers pressing tightly into her folds to stem the flow, her eyes wide with fear. She was NOT about to wet herself.

“Falling asleep in class is not only an insult to me and my teaching, but to yourself, Miss Belladonna.” Port said, clearly not pleased.

However most eyes at that point seemed to be on Ruby – as a result of her high pitched yelp. Okay, people probably knew. How… could she play this off? Quickly she addressed it. “Just – just stubbed my toe. Heheh…” She said, awkwardly to her teammates that were looking at her with concern.

(“I’m gonna wet myself, oh man, oh man, come on…!”) Ruby frantically thought to herself, anxiously staring at the clock.

“Oh, and with that note, it seems the class is over! Don’t forget: Never underestimate a Grimm, no matter the size. It will be your undoing! You’re dismiss-“

And just like that, the crimson clad girl was out of the room entirely, leaving a trail of rose petals.

“…My teaching wasn’t THAT boring, was it?” Port asked, chuckling.

“IIIII dunno…” Yang said, yawning, earning a nudge from Blake. “Hey, it was a joke~” She said, smiling, before noticing. “…Hey, where’d Weiss go?”

Ruby had made it halfway to the bathroom before she had to stop in place, her fingers frantically pressed into her peehole to stop her from losing the battle right there and then. She KNEW it was a bad idea to use her semblance, but she was desperate, she’d hoped she’d have gotten there a bit faster!

Her face was burning. Luckily she was alone in the corridor, but it didn’t make it any less humiliating that she was holding herself like she was 5. Staggering a bit, Ruby pressed against the wall, leaning against it sideways, holding on for dear life, crossing her legs over one another, bending her knees, but it only kept feeling worse and worse. She could practically feel the pee right at her weehole about to gush out, her panties getting a bit more wet as she lost a bit more. At that point, tears were welling in her eyes.

“Ruby?” The voice of a female behind the crimson girl suddenly spoke up.

Freezing up for a splitsecond, Ruby realized who it was. “W-Weiss?!”

“What’s the matter with you? In class you were-Oh.” Weiss felt her face change to a tone of scarlet. “Uh, well, I-I won’t stop you-“

“Weiss I’m about to wet myself!” Ruby blurted out, falling to her knees, pressing her crotch into the heel of her boot as a last resort, frantically squirming and shaking around.

Weiss gasped slightly at the outburst, furiously blushing more, but quickly looking around. “Wh-What do you want ME to do about it?!” She bit her lip. Needless to say, she felt a little bad for the girl. She knew what it was like to be in her position. …Maybe not quite as bad, but that made it easier to sympathize, funnily enough.

“G-Give me a plant po-pot, something…!”

“We’re in the MIDDLE OF THE CORRIDOR! That’s-“

“Weiss…!” Ruby pleaded.

The heiress grimaced, but obliged. Her heart was slightly racing, to say the least. This was so… wrong. She awkwardly pushed a pot over to Ruby, which had one of the plants in it. “I-I’ll make sure no-one else comes down this corridor. Just-just hurr-“

Before Weiss even had a chance to finish her sentence, in fact, before the plant pot even reached Ruby, her bladder decided to give out. She was flooding her panties, the fresh golden fluid building up at alarming speeds and spilling out of the sides, pouring down her thighs and turning the material a darker shade. The front of her skirt got a little damp too, from the way she was holding. Ruby, panicked and out of time, didn’t bother pulling her panties down fully, and instead put one boot on the rim of the plant, and quickly pulled them aside with her finger, using her other hand to hold up the front of her skirt, the gushing torrent of fluid and her girlhood immediately being freed to the much cooler air in the room, a hiss filling the air. Ruby shuddered, and moaned in relief, as her body had a small spasm, the plant pot being practically hosed down by the really strong stream, which arched almost perfectly into the soil.

Weiss could feel her head becoming light and her nose threatening to bleed, quickly looking away from the sight the moment Ruby got the idea to do what she did, but she stood her ground. She was on watch duty, after all. By some miracle no students had come down that way, and Beacon respected the privacy of the students enough to NOT have cameras everywhere, so Ruby was in the clear, it seemed.

But the girl kept going, and going, all of the soda being pushed out strongly by her bladder. Not being experienced in standing peeing on top of that, Ruby wasn’t exactly doing much good in staying dry, plenty spraying and running down her legs and onto her boots, some even pooling on the floor by her foot. But she didn’t care. Her head was tilted back and she embraced the beautiful, warm relief.

After about a solid minute extra, Ruby’s stream gently died down, the hiss becoming a lot less prominent before vanishing entirely, leaving Ruby’s peach coated in her urine. Her panties were wet, and her stockings were soaked, but it wasn’t a full on accident. At least, not in her eyes. “W-Whew… w-wow, th-thanks, Weiss, that was-that was close.”

“…..Don’t let it get so close again, you dunce.” The white haired girl simply shot back, hiding the fact that her face was pretty much a tomato at that point. “You probably… want to go clean up the little bit of mess you made.” Weiss said, not even needing to look to know that she created a mess.

“Awwh… I guess I need to practice standing up peeing.”

“…” Weiss’ nose was bleeding by that point and she couldn’t help it. “J-Just go already!”

Ruby awkwardly started to shuffle away, a bit alarmed by the sudden ‘aggression’. “Y-You won’t tell anyone, right?”

“No, I won’t. Now hurry, unless you want to be late for the next class!” Weiss snapped.

“R-Right!” And so Ruby dashed back to the dorms, getting a fresh change of clothes…

Meanwhile Weiss went into the bathroom for… a little different reason.

*003*2016-01-14 23:35

Glad to have appealed to some people~!

