Maddy and Haley - An original fiction - Page 3

Author: facade

*051*2014-11-05 16:30

Just another friendly reminder to everyone that is still interested in this story continuing. I will be continuing it for sure, but I want to get one of my other non-related stories out that was requested of me. After that, I will start diligently working on the 4th chapter. I don't want anyone to forget about this story or think that I'm abandoning it when its not being updated for a while. It takes a while for me to get my thoughts down into comprehensible words that satisfies me, and I tend to go days on end without accomplishing much. As I said in the opening post, this will be continued indefinitely until I feel it's reached the end of it's life; at which time I will make very clear. So no matter how long its been since the last update, it will never mean it's been abandoned.

Stay tooned, and as always, thanks for reading.

*054*2015-06-19 16:39

Doing something crazy. Posting only half of chapter 4, or one part of it like I did with 2 and 3. No omorashi in this one, just references to past events. In fact this is really just filler. Or something. I'm posting this because I think it might help me move on to the next part instead of staring at what I have and wondering why I think people will actually enjoy this.

Seriously, don't expect much action. It's really just a recap, and some introductions and descriptions of Maddy's family, as well as this new IM chat I started to do. It's the future, after all. This is really short, but it would have been ridiculously long if I posted it as a whole I think.

###

Maddy and Haley - Chapter 4 part uno - A New Beginning.

Another day had passed since I left Haley’s house the other morning. It was now Sunday evening and I just gotten caught up on my homework for the weekend. Haley had a big project for english class to finish up and I had about fifty billion multiple choice questions for World History. Even though we had only spent one night together, it was weird having to sleep without her next to me. I felt I had grown attached to her, and all of our moments from that night, both happy and sad, flowed through my head all day.

I lay on my bed with my laptop on my stomach, and my back against my pillows. The light from the screen was now starting to permeate my unlit room with the brightness of its backlight. Now that my homework was completed, I was free to do as I please with the rest of my night. I looked at the time at the bottom right of the screen; it was 8:05 pm, about the time me and Haley chatted on Skype. After I clicked the familiar blue icon, my lovely face for a profile picture greeted me with my tongue slightly sticking out and my eyes squinted. Funny enough, it was probably one of my best pictures. The rest of them made me look like a prison felon on bad days and what you’d see from a goofy teenager getting their first driver’s license photo taken on good days.

Haley was already signed on. She looked like a rockstar in her profile picture.

And all the rest of her pictures…

I stretched my arms above my head and yawned softly before placing my hands back at the keyboard.

Sunday, Sept. 21st

8:05 pm minimaddy: hi!

8:06 pm Hazelnutz: Evening, Madz.

8:06 pm minimaddy: how was the rest of your weekend?

8:07 pm Hazelnutz: Not bad at all. Finished my english project, slept in… Oh and me and the fam visited my grandad in the nursing home! I hadn’t seen him in a while.

8:07 pm So, sorry I wasn’t on.

8:07 pm minimaddy: i was wondering where you were, it's alright

8:08 pm im glad you were able to see him… how is he doing?

I was brought out of my focus on Skype when I heard a knock at my closed bedroom door.

“Yeah?” I looked towards the door as it opened and my mom peaked her head in, keeping the door partially closed. My mother, Rebecca, appeared a tad younger than her age. Forty-six, though she could pass for early forties at the most. She usually kept her dark brown hair tied in a bun during the day but let it flow past her shoulders in the evenings. I inherited my petite figure from her and she was only about a few inches taller than me at a respectable five foot and seven inches.

“Just wanted to say good-night and make sure you were okay. I hadn’t seen you all evening.” She always checked up on me when I spent more than a couple of hours to myself. I know she meant well but jeez, woman, give me a break.

“I’m fine, night mom.” I responded quickly, then noticed Haley had replied, but of course my mom had to probe for more information.

“Madison, why didn’t you answer your text messages from me on Friday night? I sent you a few and you never responded.” She said, concerned. I remember checking my text messages after I got home that next morning but there was no point in replying at that point. All she sent was: “Are you at Haley’s house still?”, “What time are you planning on being home?”, and “Don’t stay up too late...”.

I sighed impatiently and tilted my head back against the pillows, looking at her. “I’m sorry, we got into a movie and went to sleep. I promise you we didn’t stay up late.”

She nodded slightly, sighing softly and I looked back to my laptop for a moment.

“You didn’t have any... problems like you did…” Oh my god, I can’t believe she was asking me this! I opened my mouth and scoffed under my breath, looking over the top of the screen.

“No… mom. I didn’t.” I meekly replied. Not like I would have told her anyway. It would have been an everyday discussion, especially if she knew about what happened at school. I don’t even want to think about what would happen if she found that out. Thankfully, she stopped badgering me after that.

“Okay honey, just checking. Don’t stay up past ten.” She requested, closing the door slowly. It creaked softly before shutting all the way. Finally, I was alone again. I sighed with relief as I put my focus back on Skype.

Sunday, Sept. 21st

8:09 pm Hazelnutz: His alzheimer’s is slowly getting a little worse. He seems to be feeling well enough for his age, but he had trouble remembering our names and such. :/

8:16 pm Still there?

8:18 pm minimaddy: yeah, sorry my mom was talking to me ugh… im sorry to hear that but glad hes doing ok with everything else

8:19 pm Hazelnutz: Thanks, they put him on a new medication that will hopefully help with it. =)

What did she say…?

8:19 pm minimaddy: just usual stuff… and asked if i had another um… bed problem at your house x.x

8:20 pm Hazelnutz: She’s a mom, she worries. But I know how you feel, I caught my mom going through my tampons that were under my bed last week. She said that she was “Making sure that I had enough for the month.” O_o

8:21 pm I had all kinds of personal stuff down there! O_O

8:21 pm minimaddy: wow :/

8:21 pm Hazelnutz: So yeah. Moms are going to be moms. Don’t sweat it.

8:22 pm minimaddy: im more worried about school tomorrow… cuz of... x.x

8:22 pm Hazelnutz: I’m sure most people have forgot.

8:23 pm minimaddy: i dunno… i kinda made a deal in venezula’s class

8:23 pm Hazelnutz: Just keep your head up high, Madz. Ignore anyone that bothers you about it. Don’t let it get to you and people will eventually move on to some other stupid thing.

8:24 pm minimaddy: i hope so -.-

8:25 pm Hazelnutz: I’ll walk with you to all your classes. I got your back. Do you have his class tomorrow?

8:25 pm minimaddy: no, thank god

8:25 pm but some of them are in band with us :/

8:26 pm Hazelnutz: They’ll be too busy to worry about you. We have a concert next month, so we’ll all be occupied on practicing. And you know how Mr. Lewis is, he doesn’t tolerate chatter.

8:26 pm minimaddy: your right… and thanks

8:26 pm Hazelnutz: No problem! =) *Hugs*

8:27 pm minimaddy hugs you tight

I yawned and stretched again. Haley and I went idle on Skype for the time being, while I searched around on the internet. My legs were getting a little cramped from being folded under me so I extended them out in front of me. The blanket covered all of me from the chest down except my feet which I let stick out at the end. I ended up watching a few YouTube videos of random cats and other cute animals. They always reminded me of my cat that passed away last year, a long hair calico named Cookie.

Before I knew it, an hour had passed and I was getting sleepy enough to go to bed soon. Nature called, so I left my room for a moment to go use the toilet. When I got back, I readjusted my pillows and began closing down my laptop.

Sunday, Sept. 21st

9:41 pm minimaddy: i think im going to head to sleep… im really tired

9:43 pm Hazelnutz: Alright. I’ll catch you tomorrow. Sleep well, okay?

9:44 pm minimaddy: i will. love ya <33

9:44 pm Hazelnutz: Love you! <333

We always said we loved each other, but this time it felt different for me. I wasn’t sure what it was like for her, but I suddenly really wanted to kiss her again. To be held in her arms as we did two nights ago. You know how it feels when you really like someone but you don’t know how they really and truly feel? That’s what it felt like, and even with our talk the other night, things were still left unexplained. What did our kiss mean to her? I can’t just ask her that…

Sunday, Sept. 21st

9:50 pm minimaddy: *kisses* :x

9:52 pm Hazelnutz: *Kisses back* You’re cute

9:53 pm minimaddy: *falls asleep in your arms*

9:53 pm Hazelnutz: *Holds her little Maddy all night.* Good night, sweetie.=)

Signed off Sunday, Sept. 21st at 9:54:23 pm

I decided to leave it at that, close everything and shut down the laptop before I slid it under my bed. My butterflies fluttered casually in my stomach while I drifted off to sleep, thoughts of her scurried through my mind. I still didn’t know what exactly to make of this new chapter of our relationship. We were still best friends, that part won’t change. Maybe more will be added to it, but we’re always going to be best friends. No matter what happens. Butterflies and those comforting thoughts brought me to a relaxing slumber.

Of course my dream that night had been about Haley, they had been for the past several nights. I dreamt that she and I were married, not quite what I would have expected to dream about but at least it wasn’t another nightmare. We had our own house, and were sat in our living room happily talking about our days at school. We were still the same age, at least it seemed so; a little strange now that I think about it. There wasn’t much else to it than that, maybe more happened and I just don’t remember. My blaring alarm clock that went off at seven ripped me out of my dream state and I slammed my hand on the button to turn it off.

Monday morning had come and the weekend had gone quicker than I had hoped. Now it was time to return to school. I had plenty of time to get ready too, no delays for me that day. Sluggishly, I rolled out of bed, rubbed my sleepy eyes and mosied out of my room to the bathroom. I could smell the delicious aroma of bacon and eggs coming from the kitchen before I shut the door behind me.

After I had myself a morning pee and a warm shower I headed back to my room to get dressed. I was never one of those girls that took forever to decide what to wear. I find something that I like and put it on, which today was: a blue long sleeve shirt from Old Navy, faded jeans and blue Converse shoes. That was about the extent of my outfit - makeup never appealed to me. The only jewelry I wore was a birthstone necklace given to me by my grandmother a couple of birthdays ago. I headed downstairs after I brushed my hair and grabbed my bag.

Just as I thought, it was bacon and eggs for breakfast. Mom and dad were already seated at the table.

“Good morning, Maddison” Mom greeted cheerfully. My dad, Steven, was drinking black coffee and reading the newspaper - he was old fashioned like that. He appeared older than my mom, at the age of 47 with dark brown short hair, wide shoulders and tall stature.

“Morning, honey.” He softly murmured after swallowing.

“Morning everyone…” I smiled softly as I sat down in the first empty chair. Mom set the plate of food in front of me and I began eating. My mom wasn't a bad cook, but the food she makes always seems to smell slightly better than it tastes. The bacon seemed to be slightly overcooked, but maybe I just prefer my bacon to be less crunchy. Mom sat down at the opposite end of the table after she made sure dad got his share.

"Maddison, I need you to come straight home after school today." She said, taking her first bite of breakfast.

"Um... okay, why?" I asked inquisitively as I took a bite of my eggs.

“I need you to look after Ryan until I get home from work. I have to stay later today.” She answered.

Ryan was my eight year old brother, who apparently wasn’t hungry today. He was sat on the couch in the living room watching TV. The boy was a little short for his age, black hair and… not as annoying as one might expect from a fictional tv show or story; antifairy of omorashi.org wrote this fiction and he’s not too fond of stereotypes. Still, that doesn’t mean I enjoy babysitting.

“Can’t he just watch himself, mom? He’s eight years old.” I tried reasoning with her, he was a little mature for his age, I highly doubted that he would find a way to hurt himself in our boring house. Not only that, we lived in a pretty safe neighbourhood.

“Well, be that as it is, I would still feel better if someone was here with him. I would appreciate it, Maddison.” She returned. I looked down and ate more of my breakfast.

“Alright.” I reluctantly agreed. Mom finished her food and took her plate to the sink, then returned to kiss me on the head.

“Thank you sweetie, I have to get going.” She smooched my dad rather loudly and then headed out the door. Me and my dad sat there in silence as he finished his coffee and I ate the rest of my breakfast. He wasn’t the type to say much at the table.

“Well, I guess it’s time for me to take Ryan to school. Be good to each other when you get home.” He said, getting up and rinsing his mug in the sink.

“Alright dad.” I responded.

“Let’s go, Ryan.” Dad commanded towards the living room. I stood up, set my dishes in the sink, grabbed my backpack and left the house.

###

End chapter question: How accurately have I portrayed teenage girls and how could I improve? Predominantly should be answered by people that once were teenage girls.

*058*2015-07-04 23:55

Thanks for the comments.

I actually may... end this series off and start something new, similar to this but still new. I don't want to end this on a cliffhanger so I'll probably just finish a second part to this chapter and end it there. Reason being is this story was never meant or designed to be multichapter and I want to start off with more back story, instead of the main character already having a best friend and being in the middle of high school with a pre-established life. It will be very similar and take many ideas from this as well as games such as: Life is Strange and Gone Home (both very good story telling games that I recommend playing.)

*060*2015-07-27 03:34

If I do end this particular series and start something else, it will be an upgrade of this story. Though I may just stick with what i have.

*062*2015-07-27 21:48

{{:

Well what would you mean by upgrade?

Like a whole different story or this story but a few little changes because I don't know if I like the latter.

}}

Same plot, same types of characters but with slight personality changes to make them more believable and ideas that I had for this one, but a few changes to give the story a more solid background. One thing I wished I had done was start maddy in high school at the beginning and wrote about meeting the secondary character, Haley. But because I started this as a one shot, I never bothered.

*065*2016-07-04 19:48

{{On 6/27/2016 at 7:54 AM, peebabe88 said:

Again not been on for ages and came across this again. Did you decide what you were going to do and have you managed to write anymore? fingers crossed you have. And for some reason I can't see the messages now , which is annoying lol xx

}}

I don't plan on writing anymore.

*067*2016-07-05 00:26

{{4 hours ago, Bedwettingchik12 said:

Could we convince you to change your mind maybe?

}}

Dunno. It's not that I don't want to. It's just become difficult for some reason. All I can say is maybe.

*070*2016-07-12 08:01

I actually want to go back to this fiction once I get some other projects off my plate. And I have sent in a request to remove the text colors.

*073*2016-07-12 13:55

{{54 minutes ago, alexwbj said:

Next, something that could be considered a negative criticism - or not, depending - but anyway it's this: I find the omorashi side of the story a bit weak. For my taste, there isn't enough of it and what there is is a little too... mild? And the description perhaps too delicate too. I emphasize: for my taste!

}}

I understand. I didn't want to emphasize the omorashi part, I was trying to create a balance so it could read as a normal story. Plus it would rather unrealistic if there was a wetting everyday in her life, or even every week.

{{54 minutes ago, alexwbj said:

Now of course it is you who have done that - you made me fall in love with them! The only question is: is that what you wanted to do? And is it what other readers on this site want? Personally the way I feel is that if the answer to the first question is yes, then it's fine for you to be here if you can meet the minimum requirement of relevance (e.g. some wetting), which you do. It isn't a requirement, as far as I know, for everyone to like it so if some don't that's alright.

}}

Of course. I love them too. Omorashi would be something that would just happen every now and then in this series. More than your standard series, but still only enough to keep the suspension of disbelief intact.

{{54 minutes ago, alexwbj said:

The first chapter was the worst, and I had to highlight the whole chapter to change the colour it displayed in or I don't think I could have read it all without giving myself a headache.

}}

I actually have now had all the colors removed. This was posted when the site had a different color scheme and it looked much better there. I probably will not use colors anymore.

{{54 minutes ago, alexwbj said:

I feel I have dwelt on the negative points, because I want to help, but honestly everything else, including your capturing of teenage girl behaviour and thought patterns, is absolutely awesome in my opinion, and I'd love to see more.

}}

I always welcome any sort of constructive criticism and I thank you for taking the time to do so. I look forward to attempting to continue it. I really suck at keeping focus on things. Part of the whole depression shenanigans. Sucks.

