Just Let it Out ch1 - Page 2

Author: SashaButters

*025*2015-04-07 22:58

Chapter 16! (Finally)

Robert Silph quickly dropped his smirk when he beheld the scene before him. Not only had the Eevee survived, but the girl he had nearly beaten to a pulp was suddenly up and running around. He looked on in bewilderment. Not a broken bone in sight; almost as if earlier had never happened. He suddenly gasped as he felt something collide with him while knocking the air from his lungs in the process. He opened his eyes and realized he was on the ground. The bitch had suddenly body slammed him and tackled him to the ground. Just an hour ago she was trembling and wetting herself at the mere sight of him. Where had this courage suddenly come from? And, oh God, she was getting pee on his $10,000 suit.

“Get off of me!” He grunted trying to shake the girl off of him. She ignored him in favor of randomly pushing buttons on his arm console. Shit! She was trying to free her brother; if that happened he was in trouble. At 15 he had cleared out Team Rocket from under Giovanni's control. What could he do now as a 20 year old? He had kicked himself when he had hired their father as head of security at his mansion. He had trusted him; only to find out later he was working undercover for the Rangers and police force. It was his fault his wife and children were going to leave him! Even though he was sworn to secrecy, he had tipped off his wife that he was not who he appeared to be. So he had him killed.

Well, it was true he didn’t actually know for sure he was dead, but he had sent him on a “mission” to the WhirlPool Islands, off the coast of Cinnabar, to gather intel on the legendary bird pokemon Articuno. He had sent him out during the great storms Mewtwo had created during its escape by claiming it was his best chance of seeing the legendary bird pokemon. Even if he had managed to survive traveling through the storms; few trainers have met Articuno and lived to tell the tale.That was the last time, he or anyone, had heard from Mr. Ketchum.

“Anna, help me!” Emily cried out as she continued to press random buttons while keeping her knees firmly planted in her girlfriends fathers chest.

“Here, I got this.” Anna said as she navigated her way around the arm console before prying it off his wrist. In mere seconds the invisible cage disappeared sending Ash tumbling to the ground. “ You sure we can trust him? He’s a member of Team Rocket after all!” Anna said as she helped pin her thrashing father down while pocketing the computer console.

“I’m sure! I’ll explain later, but like I said, he is my brother! He’s a good guy; I promise!” Emily replied.

“Somebody get him!” Mr. Silph yelled out from under the pile of teenage girls. “Leave the Eevee alone and get him!” The grunts stopped chasing after Namine as they heard their leaders orders and headed for Ash. After dusting himself off, Ash reached into his belt and smiled. These grunts didn’t stand a chance, after all, he became a high class Ranger after he had decided to follow in his fathers footsteps. He had grown over the years. Not just physically but mentally as well. Being a pokemon master would be cool and all, but there was more to life than pokemon battles. Being a pokemon master was a child's dream.

Maybe after handing out a few more evil organization ass whoopings, he’d take his rival Gary’s advice. Settle down and become a gym leader. Maybe meet a nice girl and get married; Misty was still single after all. Even his little sister had managed to get a girlfriend before him. He quickly tried to shake that thought from his head. By a cruel twist of fate he was in charge of monitoring Anna’s room and viewing the recordings. Being forced to watch his little sister have sex had given him the most awkwardest boner ever.

“Ash, what are you doing? Focus!” Emily called out as she watched him suddenly start staring into space while his face turned different colors. Still an air head as always she thought.

“Emily! Take everyone and get out of here! Leave them to me!” Ash said as he released his Venusaur. The large, plant like beast nearly took up half the basement. Soon vines came shooting from it’s back as it wrapped each of Robert Silphs limbs into place and pinned him to the ground in the girls place.

“C’mon guys!” Emily shouted towards Anna and Nurse Joy as she called Namine back into her Pokeball. “Trust me; he’ll be fine!” Emily half ran and half waddled up the stairs before she stopped.

“What are you waiting for? Why’d you stop?” Anna asked as they too stopped to wait for her.

“Ugh, this things chaffing and it’s impossible to run in!” Emily said as she reached up under her skirt and removed the soaked diaper. Normally she’d never do something like this, but before her new found courage wore off, she had a message to send to Anna’s father. Mr. Silphs eyes widened as he saw her approaching him with the disgusting dripping garment.

“Not the suit! Not the suit!” he shouted as he struggled against the binds.

“If you insist.” Emily said with a smirk before dropping it on his face and smashing it in with the palm of her hand. “That’s for Namine.” Smack. “That’s for my father!” Smack. “That’s for Anna!” And after a well placed kick to the groin she shouted, “And that’s for me!”

“Have I ever told you I love you?” Anna asked as they bounded up the stairs together.

“Quickly, let’s get to the pokemon center. We’ll be safe there!” Nurse Joy called out to the girls behind them.

Five minutes later all three burst through the doors of the Saffron City Pokemon Center. The Nurse Joy of that center looked up from the counter, ready to scold whoever had made all the commotion in her lobby but stopped to see her sorority sister leaning against the couch panting along with a teenage girl and, did her eyes deceive her? Anna?

“Anna? Is that you?” she asked, happily bouncing over to the trio. She hadn’t seen Anna in the last six years. “Look at you! You’re all grown up!” she said examining the girl head to toe. “And dirty! Get off my couch!”

“Patricia, please.” Curillian City Nurse Joy said as she stood back up. “We need a place to talk and re-group. May we go upstairs?”

“Of course, Helen! Right this way!” she said leading the trio to the elevator. Emily looked from Nurse Joy to Nurse Joy while in the elevator. Wait a minute… They weren’t identical sisters! They looked nothing alike! Emily doubted if they were even sisters at all. Helen smiled a little as she saw Emily try and make sense of what she was seeing. Just to mess with her, she lifted her arms up and laughed as Emily’s eyes nearly shot out her head when she took her pink wig off revealing her short brown hair.

“It’s just a uniform.” Helen laughed. Wasn’t this girl supposed to be some kind of genius? And here she believed the rumor they were all identical sisters or cousins. Whatever that rumor was. I bet she believed the same thing about the Officer Jenny’s too.

“When Ash makes it out I’m going to kill him.” Emily said. “When he left home I specifically requested he find out if the rumors were true! That lying scumbag told me they were!”

“Here we are, how about you three take a shower and I’ll get someone to put your clothes in the wash?” Patricia suggested as she looked the three up and down.

“Thank you, that would be wonderful.” Helen said before dropping her voice. “And if you have one, a medium diaper. My nieces friend is having some problems.”

“N-Nurse Joy!” Emily stammered in embarrassment. “I don’t need one.” she said blushing. “Blissey fixed me somehow. She said my bladder is fixed too.” Emily hissed. Both Nurse Joys looked at her a little worried. While it was true she had a few injuries that seemed to have somehow recovered, it was widely known pokemon could not heal humans. What was that she also said. Blissey TOLD her?

“Emily” Helen said a bit worried about the girls mental health. “How about after your shower, i’ll take you up to the hospital wing. You took quite a beating and I think you might be in shock, honey.” she said as she placed her hands on Emily’s shoulder and gently looked her in the eyes.

“I’m fine! Seriously, Namine got Blissey to fix me up!” Emily insisted causing Helen to put a little more pressure on her shoulders.

“Who is Namine?” Patricia asked while going through a supply closet nearby.

“Her Eevee.” Anna whispered back also worried. Patricia whispered to Helen for a moment while slipping her the diaper she requested.

“Emily, sweetheart.” Nurse Helen said gently taking one of her hands. “Come with me please; we’re going to have you lie down for a little while and see if you feel better.” she said before leading her into a bedroom.

“Look, I really am fine!” Emily continued but Helen wasn’t so sure.

“I still think it would be best if you lied down for a little bit while we figure this situation out.” Emily sighed in defeat, as she kicked off her shoes.

“Before you get into bed, please hand me your clothes and we’ll get them washed for you.” Emily nodded and took off her shirt before pausing at her skirt. “What’s the matter?”

“I don’t have anything on under this.” she admitted, not wanted to undress any farther.

“Still as shy as always.” Helen said tugging the girls skirt down.

“H-hey! Don’t just take off my clothes!” Emily protested while covering herself and stepping out of the once light blue skirt.

“Sorry, normally I’d leave and let you throw it out the door, but I’m a little concerned. I want to make sure you get into bed alright. Also, I need to make sure you wear this.” Helen said handing her the diaper. “We are in someone else s room. I know you say you don’t need it, but as a courtesy to whoever s bed this is, please wear it as a precaution.” Emily grumbled a bit but knew she didn’t really have much choice and she couldn’t argue with her logic. She held it up and examined it. It was just a plain white diaper like all the other hospital issued ones. She looked from it to Nurse Joy awkwardly for a moment.

“Do you need help?”

“N-no.” Emily said as her face flushed.

“Then what’s the problem?”

“It’s just, umm.” Emily mumbled hoping she’d understand that in order to put it on she would have to uncover herself.

“I’m sorry, but I can’t leave until you put it on. Please don’t fight me anymore on this, Emily. Lay down.” she ordered as she took the diaper from her. Ugh not again thought Emily as Helen unwrapped it, slid it under her and taped it up. “Please get some rest, Emily. I’ll be back to check on you in a few hours.” she said after tucking her in and headed for the door but paused to add, “Please don’t be hard on yourself if you do end up wetting. You’ve had a traumatic day. I’d honestly be surprised if you didn’t.” She then closed the door leaving Emily alone in the room. Immediately Emily shot up as she went searching through her backpack until she found Namine and let her out before lying back down.

“I’m glad you’re okay.” Emily said softly while petting Namine’s head as she curled up against Emily’s chest.

“I’m glad you're okay too, master.” Namine purred.

“Please, just Emily.” she said as she closed her eyes.

“What about Mom?” Emily smiled as she cuddled Namine while they both drifted off to sleep.

“Mom works too.”

*027*2015-04-10 05:22

Anna Silph dragged her feet across the hall. She wasn’t even the one who was kidnapped, but she was still exhausted none the less. After fighting to stay awake during their meeting of what to do, Anna’s aunt finally suggested that she go join Emily and lie down. Anna resisted at first; this was her father they were talking about after all, but after an hour, she finally had to excuse herself and go lie down. Anna made a pit stop at the supply closet at her aunts request to grab Emily an extra diaper in case she needed a change and after gathering the necessary supplies for later; she was ready to just plop down and sleep this whole disaster away. When Anna arrived at the closed door Emily was sleeping in, Namine could be heard whimpering and scratching on the other side.

“Emily, wake up.” Anna said shaking her girlfriend awake as the Eevee danced around the floor under her legs whimpering.

“Wha? What is it?” Emily groaned into her pillow still half asleep.

“Namine wants something. She’s crying and pacing around.”

“What is it, baby girl?” Emily asked lifting her head off the pillow a few inches. Finally! I’ve been trying to wake you up for the last half hour! I need to go for a walk! “Huh? Arghhh” Emily moaned falling back into her pillow and closing her eyes. “I’m too tired to walk. I’ll take you out later, go back to sleep.” No! It can’t wait until later, mom! I gotta go. “But we don’t have to go anywhere.” Emily moaned back in her semi-conscious state. MOM, WAKE UP!

“Woah! She’s really agitated about something, Emily. I’ve never heard her growl like that before, even her fur is sticking up.” After only getting light snoring as a response Anna bent to the floor and tried to calm the agitated pokemon down. “What is it, Namine? Maybe there’s something in her backpack that will help.” Anna said as she started taking things out one by one. “Are you hungry?” Nothing. “Thirsty?” Nothing. “Restless? Ugh, here.” Anna said turning Emily’s backpack over and dumping out the contents. Namine immediately jumped into the pile and began digging through it until she found a purple box and began pawing and whimpering at it. “What ya got there?” Anna asked picking up the box and reading the front.

Poke Training Pads - For Medium sized Indoor Pokemon. Perfect for stays in: Hotel rooms, Pokemon Centers, Trains, Boats, and other places you and your traveling companions may go where walks may be infrequent or unavailable.

Anna looked at the box then down to the whimpering Eevee and quickly put the pieces together.

“Sorry, Namine! Here you go.” Anna said as she opened the box, pulled out a small white square, and quickly unfolded it before placing it in the corner of the room. Namine let out a short bark in thanks before running over to the mat to relieve herself in both ways. Once she was finished, Anna picked up the used pad, folded the corners together and threw it away before setting out a new one just in case. After removing her blue denim jeans and shoes, Anna climbed into bed, wrapped her arms securely around Emily's chest before nuzzling her head into the back of her neck. After a few moments Anna felt Namine hop up onto the bed as well, but chose instead to cuddle with Anna making her annoyance with her owner apparent enough you didn’t need to speak pokemon to understand.

After a few more hours of peaceful sleep, the setting sun shone down into the sleeping girls window waking the younger of the two up first. She slowly opened her eyes and squinted at the light shining into them as she noticed the pair of arms wrapped around her.

“Why am I always the little spoon?” Emily asked turning toward her girlfriend.

“Because you’re smaller.” Anna said removing her arms and rubbing the sleep from her eyes before giving Namine a few pats and strokes.

“You even took my pokemon.” Emily complained as she noticed her once faithful companion had switched sides of the bed. Namine purred contently as Anna traced her palm along her fur while completely ignoring her owners statement.

“I think she’s still mad at you. She tried to tell you she had to go to the bathroom, but you wouldn’t wake up. Instead you kept talking to yourself then fell back asleep. No worries though, I put a pad down for her.” Anna explained while loving the attention she was getting from Namine even though she knew it was only because she was mad at her owner. Oh, Emily thought as she vaguely remembered their previous conversation. That’s what she meant when she said she had to go. She’d have to remember to pick up some more of those treats she loved if she wanted to get back in her good graces.

“She’s been kind of moody for the last couple weeks actually.” Emily said as Eevee gave her a low growl in response. “I’m sorry, but it’s true.” Whatever. Namine stood up and stretched her forelegs out as she leaned her body forward before hopping off the bed and making her way over to the training pad for a quick pee.

“If you’re worried, you can always take her downstairs and get her checked out.” Anna suggested.

“Yeah I might do that especially after what happened earlier. She did get kicked pretty hard.”

“Actually, you got kicked pretty hard too. You mind explaining to me what happened?” Anna asked.

“Well, it’s like I said before. Namine asked Blissey to heal me and it worked.” Emily said rolling over onto her back to stare up at the ceiling.

“Well firstly. What do you mean Namine asked Blissey?” Anna questioned keeping her eyes on Emily.

“Well, when that stone first touched Namine I thought she had died. She just collapsed and wasn’t breathing. I was so scared I lost her.” Emily said as her voice began cracking. “Namine means so much to me. She’s been with me since she was a hatch-ling; I even bottle fed her for a month!” Okay, okay I’m sorry. Emily reached out as Namine came back in bed and cuddled with her. “While I was trying to wake Namine up, she just sorta...disappeared.”

“What do you mean disappeared?” Anna asked.

“I mean one minute she was dead on the ground and the next she wasn’t anywhere. I was in pretty rough shape at the time so I didn’t really see. My leg and nose were broken and I had a couple ribs sticking out. My guess is that when I slammed the palm of my hand on the stone, it split in half. See, half of it absorbed into my hand!” Emily said showing Anna her hand. “See that purple mark?”

“It’s just a bruise.” Anna said.

“No, I’m serious! Once I absorbed it I could hear Namine talking! I’ve been able to hear her ever since!”

“What do you mean hear her?” Anna asked looking a little doubtful.

“I mean I’ve literally been having full blown conversations with her like I would with you.”

“Emily…”

“No, I’m serious! I can prove it! Namine! Help me out!” What do you want ME to do? “I don’t know, did you see or hear anything while I was gone when you were alone with Anna?”

“Emily, honestly enough. This whole situation sounds like something you got out of my Eragon books” Anna said.

“What?”

“You know, that book about the kid who touches a hatched dragon, gets a mark burned into his palm and can suddenly telepathically communicate with it.” Now that I think about it, I do remember something. When you two were taking a platonic break, you had your first accident from the medication. After she gave you some clothes to change into and had you get in the shower, she was masturbating. She thought I was sleeping. Psh. Hard to sleep with all the racket she was making.

“Wha-what?” Emily asked blushing.

“Look i’m sorry but can you blame me for-” Anna started but was soon cut off.

“No, not you, what Namine just told me. She said that night I had an accident, when I was taking a shower, you were… uh...you know.”

“You saw!?” Anna asked turning a deep shade of red.

“Namine did. She said she was lying in your bed at the time.”

“Look let’s move on from the whole ‘you can talk to Namine’ thing. What happened after your hand?”

“We talked a little, tried to figure it out. She thought maybe we somehow fused together for a short period of time but we couldn’t do anything because I was hurt. She had the idea that since she was kind of...inside of me she wondered what would happen if a pokemon attempted to heal me. That’s when we got Blissey over and it worked! See!” Emily nearly shouted as she uncovered her leg.

“What am I seeing?” Anna asked getting a little frustrated with her story until it hit. It wasn’t what she was seeing; it’s what she WASN’T seeing. “You’re scars.” She said quietly as she examined Emily’s leg. “They’re gone.” A bloody nose could be stopped, but this? A large chunk of the girls leg was cut out as a kid for crying out loud! Her mind must be playing tricks on her! As if she had read her mind Emily showed Anna her other leg to show it wasn’t really that one all along. Anna spit in her hand and rubbed it over Emily’s right leg.

“Eww, what did you do that for?!”

“To take the make-up off!” Anna said as she continued to rub.

“Well when you’re finished, mind massaging my other leg too. Minus the spit.” Emily said sarcastically.

“I-I don’t understand!” Anna admitted dumbfounded.

“Neither do I, but you could at least stop treating me like i’m either lying or crazy.”

“I’m sorry, it’s just a little hard to take in. Okay just one last test. Have Namine tell you how many fingers i’m holding up.” Really? We’re resorting to this?

“Sorry, but if it will get her to believe me. Please?” Emily asked. Alright fine. She’s flipping you the pidgey. “She says you’re sticking up your middle finger.” Anna sat there dumbfounded. Can I try something? Remember when you were able to talk to Blissey by placing your hand on her forehead? I wonder if that would work if you touched me and Anna at the same time. “Worth a shot.” Emily shrugged and placed one hand on Namine’s head and the other on Anna’s.

“What are you doing?” Anna asked staring up at Emily’s hand. Can everyone hear me? “What the hell was that?” Anna said nearly jumping. Testing, testing. I have an announcement. “Is that really you?” Anna asked staring dumbfounded at the Eevee that was talking inside her head. Emily let her mom bottle feed her until she was thirteen.

“NAMINE!” That’s for not taking me out earlier.

*029*2015-04-25 00:38

Thank you everyone for your support on this story! Up to 21k views?! (between this thread and fiction section) Omg! To me that's amazing :D

Ch 18 will be out soon!

*031*2015-04-26 05:38

Mom! Mom! Wake up!

“Huh? Wha?” The black haired girl mumbled as she slowly began opening her eyes to find her Eevee’s huge brown eyes inches from hers. When the Eevee finally managed to wake her owner its tail wagged back and forth in short bursts of anxiety. “What is it Namine?”

It’s Anna; there’s something wrong with her.

Emily rolled over expecting to see her girlfriend, but instead found herself alone in the bed. She propped herself up on her elbows and surveyed the room and after seeing no trace of Anna, turned her attention back to Eevee. “What happened?”

She was really upset. Seemed to be having a nightmare about something.

“Any idea where she went?”

Probably went to take a shower. Is it normal for all you humans to pee in your sleep? I thought that was just your thing.

“What are you talking about?” Emily asked until her hand hit a damp area on the other side of the bed. Puzzled, she tore the blankets off the mattress to reveal the wet area in the sheets. Quickly she looked down at herself only to find she was still in the dry diaper nurse Joy had forced her into. Anna wet the bed? What time was it anyway she wondered as she looked to the alarm clock on the shelf that read 7:30 Am. There was a knocking on the door that sent Emily in a panic to quickly cover herself as Nurse Joy entered.

“Hello, dear. Just checking in on you. How are you feeling? I came to see how you were last night, but the both of you were sound asleep.” Emily nodded in agreement. They had both awoken in the early evening and after playing with her ability to communicate with Namine a bit, both girls had fallen back asleep after a short period of time. Emily stretched her legs and arms under the covers. She hadn’t felt this good in years, and the restful sleep in her girlfriends arms had only improved her mood.

“Good, actually.” Emily said examining her hand for the millionth time. She looked around the room and spotted her clothes neatly folded on a wooden chair on the other side of the room. She had managed to sleep all day and night yesterday without a single trip to the bathroom and now that she was awake her body cursed her for it. She smiled at the fact that this would have been impossible in her earlier condition. “Can you hand me my clothes, please? I need to get dressed.” She asked as she was still naked except for the unused diaper around her waist.

“I’m glad to hear you’re feeling better. You gave us all quite the scare yesterday.” Nurse Joy said as she handed the girl her clothes. “I’m going to have the Dr. check you out today just to be sure. I could have sworn you had a few broken bones; it’s a miracle you’re alright.” Emily didn’t really feel like running through her story anymore. It had taken ages for Anna to not look at her like she was crazy and she was pretty sure Namine would try to bite her if she even suggested helping her out again.

“Why can’t this just stay between us?” Namine finally asked after Anna had finally calmed down over getting to play 50 questions through Emily. She was right though, having a secret bond with Namine did sound appealing and she had to admit. Namine knew too much as she had already so kindly demonstrated. There were things from her childhood she didn’t want getting out, even to Anna. She was weak and vulnerable at that time and her mom had provided her with the comfort she had needed to get by. It had been their secret between the three of them. Her, her mom and next door neighbor, Rachel. Well, she guessed now the four of them if she included Namine. She’d have to have a talk with her about keeping those things private, she couldn’t afford to have her telling people every time she didn’t feed her on time or something.

“Emily, are you there?” Nurse Joy asked.

“Sorry, what was that?” Emily asked snapping herself from her thoughts.

“I asked if you needed any help.” Nurse Joy said about to tug away the blankets. Emily kept a tight hold on the comforter so that the wet patch wouldn’t be revealed. The older woman closely examined her face and thought she knew what the problem was as Emily shifted to get a hold on her full bladder. “Emily,” Nurse Joy said with a sigh as she sat down on the bed next to the girl. “Did you honestly think this would resolve itself over night? You have to allow yourself time to heal. And after a traumatic event it’s no wonder you’re wet. Now why don’t you lay back and let me help you out of that wet thing and I-” Emily sighed as she turned away and put on her shirt before removing her side of the blanket to show the woman her dry diaper. “Oh well, nevermind then.” Nurse Joy said with a smile. “You had this face like you were hiding something.”

“Heh, no of course not.” Emily said with a nervous laugh as she slipped her green knee length skirt on and slipped out from underneath the covers.

“Well, I should get the bedding in the wash anyway.” Nurse Joy said as she picked up the edge of the blanket and began pulling it off.

“No! Wait!” Emily cried out but it was too late. Nurse Joy had already pulled off the sheets to reveal the large, damp yellow stain across the bedding. The women let out a deep sigh of frustration as she rubbed her temples.

“I’m getting very tired of this, Emily.” She said while eying the nervous girl who cowered onto the bed. She had never seen Nurse Joy with such a look in her eyes before.

“It’s not what it looks like.” Emily tried to explain but was immediately shot down.

“Really, because to me it looks like you took your diaper off after I told you to wear it, had an accident, and put your diaper back on and then lied about it.”

“No, it’s not it.” Emily said softly as she tried to think of something to say. She couldn’t tell her Anna did it. She didn’t want to get her in trouble, especially since she never actually saw anything but heard from Namine; something she also couldn’t explain.

“Really, then tell me. Who else here is a wetting problem?” Nurse Joy said with her hands on her hips as her voice grew louder and more agitated making Emily’s eyes tear up.

“Can we talk about this later.” Emily whimpered as she tried to head for the door dancing from foot to foot.

“Where do you think you’re going?” Nurse Joy said blocking her path. “I’m not done talking with you.”.

“I have to go to the bathroom.” Emily mumbled blushing.

“And how do I know you’re not going to just think up an excuse while you're in there? I’m getting sick and tired of all your lies. If you can’t hold it through what I have to say then just use your diaper like the baby you’ve been acting like.”

“I-I can’t. I’m not a-” Emily said choking on the word “baby” as memories she had long since tried to forget came rushing back causing her to cry out in shame.

“Really, because you had no problem going in bed.”

“No, I- I- didn’t” Emily said trying to fight back her sobs.

“I said use it!” Nurse Joy said glaring at the girl who whimpered and let go out of fear.””If you can’t even tell the truth about something as little as this maybe letting you into this program is a mistake.” Emily stood frozen to the spot as her diaper area sent out a loud hissing sound that filled the room. Emily’s thoughts filled of her childhood and of being forced to use diapers because of her leg as she peed non-stop into the one that expanded around her waist. 15 hours worth of held back urine was too much for the soaked garment to hold as the contents began running down Emily’s legs as she sobbed. Namine stood up on the bed with ears down flat and growled up at Nurse Joy.

Nurse Joy stood confused when the hissing had started. She didn’t believe Emily really had to go at all and was just using it as an excuse to get out of a lecture.. She stood staring at the amount of urine that kept coming out. Emily had never been able to hold that much before, and after wetting the bed, it shouldn’t have been possible.. She realized she had made a terrible mistake once the contents began running down the girls legs. Those hospital diapers were guaranteed to hold up to 600ml. She had to have been holding it all night to produce that much urine.

“Oh, Emily” Nurse Joy said as took in the sight of the sobbing girl. “I didn’t realize you really had to-”

“I’m not a baby!” Emily screamed with all her might as she collapsed onto the floor in a child like tantrum making Nurse Joy flinch. What was happening? “I’m not a baby! I’m not a baby!” she continued to scream as memory after memory flooded her mind leaving her a trembling mess on the floor as the previous days experience finally caught up with her.

“Okay, Emily, i’m sorry. You’re not a baby.” Nurse Joy said slowly and calmly, shocked at the scene before her. Just what had she done to her?

“I’m not a baby; I’m not a baby.” Emily mumbled quietly from her spot on the floor and began rocking. Namine jumped down off the bed and tried speaking with her owner, but Emily was far too upset to hear her. Instead she pawed at her mothers lap and whimpered to let her know she was there. It was then that Anna came back into the room and froze at the scene before her. She looked to her girl friend who sat on the floor with a dead look in her eyes to her aunt who stood there looking alarmed and guilty.

“What happened?” Anna asked.

“I may have pushed Emily too far. I got mad at her for lying about wetting the bed and-” Nurse Joy started.

“I wet the bed.” Anna admitted with a sigh. “I was going to clean up after I had a shower.”

“I may have realized that too late.” Nurse Joy replied biting her lip anxiously as she looked at the now empty expression on her face. “I really embarrassed her.” Namine barked up at Anna trying to call her over. Anna seemed to pick up what she wanted her to do as she picked up each of Emily’s hands and held one on her head and the other on Namine to listen to what she had to say.

“She’s really upset at being called a baby.” Namine explained to Anna telepathically.

“That’s it?” Anna asked. “That’s all that she’s upset about.”

“It’s more complicated than that. It’s a really touchy subject; I already told you more than I should have last night.”

“Oh, about her and her mom?” Anna asked. Emily had seemed rather upset that Namine had revealed that part of her childhood and although she really wanted to tease her about it last night, she had decided to pretend she hadn’t heard anything and began her incessant questions of what it was like being a Pokemon.

“The short story is that Emily literally went through a period where she-”

“That’s enough, Namine!” Emily suddenly said snapping out of her depressed state. “Don’t tell her anymore.” Her Eevee whimpered at being in trouble and curled up by her moms legs and remained quiet. “Why am I on the floor?” she asked looking to the two of them puzzled.

“Emily, I’m so sorry I did that to you.” Nurse Joy said.

“Did what?” Emily said looking confused as she tried to stand but stopped when she felt wet. “Please tell me I did not, UGH!” Emily moaned as she saw her legs and skirt were covered with urine.

“Emily,” Nurse Joy said looking concerned.

“I’m so sorry!” Emily quickly apologized blushing. “I’ll clean it up and-”

“What is the last thing you remember?” Nurse Joy asked.

“You asked me if I needed help with something and then…” Emily said trying to recall as she dug through her pockets.

“Mmm…” Nurse Joy hummed disapprovingly at her. “Who was your professor, the one who gave you your starter pokemon?”

“Professor Oak. Why?” Emily asked puzzled.

“Anna, would you mind helping her get cleaned up please.” Nurse Joy asked as she ignored Emily’s question. “There’s something I need to do.”

“C’mon, let’s get you in the shower.” Anna said offering her hand to the girl. Nurse Joy watched the two girls leave and head towards the shower block before taking off and going downstairs to the video phones. They were a bit out of date since coming out with the PokeNav system with the built in holographic devices so she knew she would have a private conversation. She opened, closed and locked the door before entering the empty room. She walked to the back rows of chairs before picking up the receiver and typing “Professor Oak.” into the enter name prompt. It rang for a few minutes before a image of the aging professor appeared on the screen looking confused.

“Hello, Nurse Joy?” He asked wiping the dust off the screen with the arm of his lab coat.

“Is this Professor Oak? Hi, this is the Nurse Joy from Cerilion City.”

“This thing must be broken, it says Saffron.”

“No it’s right. I’m calling from Saffron. Anyway, I was hoping to speak to the guardian of Emily Ketchum. Who would that be?”

“Oh, that would be her mom, Delia Ketchum. Do you want to speak with her? She’s here now.”

“Yes, please but would you mind giving us some privacy?”

“Sure, my grand daughter, Daisy, is here as well. I’ll take her to the field for a bit.”

“I thought I told you I go by Rachel now!” Nurse Joy heard shouted from the back causing the professor to roll his eyes as he got up. Soon an Auburn haired women with her hair pulled into a ponytail wearing a pink dress replaced him.

“Hello? Nurse Joy? How can I help you?” Mrs. Ketchum asked smiling pleasantly.

“Hello, I wanted to talk to you about your daughter, Emily. I’m a little concerned.”

“Is she okay? Did she have a seizure?” Mrs. Ketchum said looking concerned.

“Well, she’s been through quite an ordeal lately, and she’s showing signs of shock.” Nurse Joy admitted. “I’m not quite sure what to do, I simply said she was acting like a baby and she went ballistic.”

“Oh.” Mrs. Ketchum said looking nervous. “Emily, well, that’s kind of a trigger word for Emily. She can’t handle being called a baby. She just sort of shuts down.”

“I don’t understand.” Nurse Joy said looking a bit confused.

“Well, it’s complicated. I’m sure she’s fine. Just let her continue on the gym track.”

“Emily’s not on the gym track; she’s joining my internship.” Nurse Joy explained.

“What internship? Where is she? Saffron?”

“It’s a nursing program for both pokemon and humans. Anyway there’s been some trouble involving her and my niece. I think it would be wise if they laid low for a little while. Could I send them both your way to Pallet?”

“Oh, what kind of trouble?” Mrs. Ketchum asked worried. “I only have one room though. I’m sure one of my neighbors could take in your niece.”

“I’m sure Emily would rather stay together with her. They’re...good friends.”

“Oh, I’m glad she’s making friends. She was a little worried with having such a late start there wouldn’t be anyone her age. They could share Emily’s room, but they’d have to share a bed. I don’t know if your niece would be okay with that or not.”

“Heh, I’m sure that’s not going to be an issue.” Nurse Joy said with a laugh.

###

Meanwhile in the shower room, Emily sat contently on the stool smiling as she felt a pair of hands massaging shampoo into her hair for her.

“You look like you’re enjoying yourself.” Anna said with a laugh as she rinsed the shampoo out of her girl friends hair with the retractable shower head.

“Mmhmm.” Emily said as she finally felt her good mood returning, along with some other feelings as she rested her head back against Anna’s body. “Kinda reminds you of the day we met, huh?” she purred. Anna laughed nervously before peeking her head out the curtain to make sure they were alone in community shower room.

“You, uh, want me to wash your body too?” Anna whispered with a grin causing Emily to blush and nod. Anna put the shower head back before grabbing the bottle of Cucumber Melon scented body wash and lathering some up in her hands. She started working it in her shoulders, down her arms and back. “I’m going to wash your front now, okay?” Emily nodded her red face eagerly as Anna came around to her front and kneeled down. “Hmm, where to start.” Anna teased as she let the hot water fall on her back. “How about...here” Anna said seductively as she leaned in and kissed her while moving her hand up to Emily’s chest and began playing with her boobs as Emily did the same to her. Soon their hands began exploring other areas until Emily was on the verge of losing it.

“No, please don’t stop.” Emily panted as Anna stood up and reached for the shower head.

“Don’t you want me to finish washing you?” Anna teased as she walked around to the back of Emily and knelt down wrapping her arms around her while still holding on to the shower head. “Open your legs.” she whispered while Emily slowly obeyed while whimpering. Anna lowered the water pressure as she moved it between the girls legs.

“Ugh, no, stop teasing.” Emily moaned bouncing her knees up and down as Anna slowly began raising the water pressure making the younger girl squirm as she planted kisses down the side of the Emily’s neck.

“As you wish.” Anna chuckled as she turned the pressure on full blast.

“Ahh, ahh! Yes! Yes!” Emily moaned white knuckling the stool and she leaned back into Anna as her lower parts began to twitch. “Almost... there.” She panted as she felt herself getting hotter and hotter until.. “What no! What did you do that for?” Emily asked nearly shouting as Anna pulled the water away.

“Not yet.” Anna teased kissing her neck and messaging Emily’s right boob. Emily moaned in desperation as she began grinding against the stool. “AH AH AH. Stand up!” Anna ordered yanking the girl to her feet by her armpits and shoving her against the shower wall, pinning her arms above her head. Anna brought her knee up and began teasing Emily more as Emily put her weight down on it and began attempting to hump it. “My my aren’t we horny today. Just wait, It will be worth it. There’s something I hide in my travel bag I think you’ll like that’s right outside this stall sitting on the sinks. Go get it.” Emily quickly walked out of the shower about to grab a towel to cover herself until she heard Anna say “No towel.”

“But the sinks are all the way on the other side of the bathroom, and I’m naked.” she said blushing.

“Then you better hurry up and get it.” Anna said smiling mischievously. “That is, unless you don’t want to FINISH.” She added with extra emphasis at the end. Emily moaned as she rubbed her legs together. Anna was being so mean today and she had never been so horny than at this moment. Her normally sweet and caring self had been replaced by this sadistic mistress and she had never wanted Anna more. Emily peeked out the door to make sure the coast was clear until she felt Anna push her out and lock the door behind her. Emily moaned in embarrassment and quickly made a mad dash for Anna's shower bag which was right where she said she left it. Emily’s heart raced. She had never felt so exposed before and the thought of someone walking in on her naked made her feel both scared and excited, but mostly scared.

“I got it! Let me back in!” Emily pounded on the door and shivered. “I’m cold!”

“Good job! Now wait five minutes.”

“What? No! Let me in!” Emily pleaded covering herself.

“Hands to your sides or I’m adding another five minutes to the timer!”

“What if someone walks in?” Emily begged reluctantly putting her hands to her sides as her eyes and ears nervously scanned the area for approaching figures.

“We’re in the women's shower room. So what if someone sees you?” Anna said. “They’re not going to give you a second glance.”

“But I really don’t like people seeing me naked.” Emily said fighting against the urge to cover herself. “I can hear you laughing at me.”

“You’re almost done, just thirty more seconds.” Anna said as she counted down every time ten seconds was up until finally Emily saw the door unlatch. She quickly ran in with the shower bag in tow.

“I hate being naked.” Emily said panting as Anna took her hand and guided her back into the shower.

“You did good. Are you ready for your reward.” Anna asked as she started going through the large tote. “Put your back against the wall and squat. Oh and close your eyes.” Emily quietly obeyed and waited until she felt Anna’s breath on her neck making her excited all over again. She felt something teasing her lower lips until the object suddenly started vibrating. “Do you like it?” Anna asked as she watched Emily tremble and try to press herself into it and she waved it around. Anna slowly guided the Diglett vibrator inside of Emily until only the Pokemons head could be seen as Emily gasped at the new sensation.

“Yes. I like it! I like it alot!” Emily moaned as Anna slowly pulled it in and out as Emily’s body shuddered and squeezed onto it.

“Do you want to cum?” Anna asked in a voice that scared Emily.

“Yes! Please Yes! Don’t tease me anymore!” Emily begged as her body shook with pleasure as she grabbed onto Anna’s shoulders to keep from falling over.

“I’ll let you cum, but first you have to agree to do something for me.” Anna said before whispering in the girls ear as Emily’s face grew red.

“I’ll do it, I’ll do it! Now please!” Anna nodded as she sped her arm up slowly while pulling in and out while clicking the button to up the power with every couple of thrusts.

“Not yet.” Anna said as she saw the look on Emily’s face as she came closer and closer to the edge.

“Now?” Emily begged as her body continued to clench.

“Not yet. Hold it...hold it.” she said as she clicked the max button and began thrusting in and out.

“Ahh!! AHH!” Emily cried out as she lost her footing as Anna held her up.

“Now!” Anna said as she quickly pushed it all the way up and pulled it completely out as Emily violently came and peed onto the shower tiles.

“Hah, hah, hah.” Emily panted and went limp in Anna’s arms who watched with a smile as Emily leaked onto the floor below.

“Did that feel good?” Anna asked as she held Emily in her arms and let her catch her breath. Emily stared at the Diglett vibrator trying her hardest not to laugh. If that’s what a digletts body really looked like no wonder they hid them underground, she thought as she stared at the phallic object. Emily nodded as she stared longingly at Anna’s large breasts. Something inside of her called out to them and before she could stop herself she had latched her mouth onto one of her nipples and began sucking while fondling the other.

“Feels good.” Anna admitted as she let her suck for a few minutes until she looked down to see she had practically fallen asleep while she was still latched on. “Hey! Hey! Wake up!” Anna said poking her in the face. “You can suck all you want but you know nothing gonna come out, right?” she teased. Emily suddenly let go and bolted up, her face red with embarrassment. Please tell me I did not just do that she thought. “You still got your half of the bargain to uphold.” she reminded her as she rose and stood against the wall. Emily nodded rose onto her knees as her mouth greeted Anna’s lower regions and went to work as Anna’s eyes rolled back in pleasure.

When both girls finally entered their room Namine wagged her tail happily at their return.

“Geeze mom, what took you so long?” Namine asked until she saw the dopey look on her owners face. “On second thought, I don’t want to know.” Emily smiled and gave her Eevee a few scratches behind her ears as Namine purred and leaned her face into Emily’s hand.

“Hey, Anna.” Emily said as she sat next to her on the stripped bed. “Namine told me you were really upset this morning. Is everything okay?” Anna stared into space a for a few moments before nodding her head. “Are you sure?” Anna smiled weakly and nodded again.

“It’s just being in Saffron again. I haven’t been here since, well, you know.” she admitted as tears filled her eyes. Emily nodded and wrapped her arms around her as Anna lowered herself into her lap as she let Emily stroke her face. The girls soon heard a knocking on the door breaking them out of their trance. Nurse Joy let herself in.

“I’ve just got off the phone with Professor Oak. Emily, your first assignment as my intern is to accompany Anna in delivering him this envelope. Once you are done, the two of you are ordered to stay in Pallet town for two weeks." Emily sat there as the color drained from her face. Go back home? With Anna?

“Hey, Em, isn’t that where you're from?” Anna asked sitting up to see the look on her face. “Emily? Emily?”

“Yay!” Emily heard Namine shout in her head. “Grandma!” She said excitedly as she wagged her tail.

*033*2015-04-26 06:49

Ahaha...well you know... *cough* gotta keep the readers interested...*wipes blood away from nose*

*035*2015-05-23 03:23

“Are you almost ready to go?” Emily asked as she re-packed her backpack and searched around the room to make sure she hadn’t forgotten anything.

“I guess.” Anna said her voice monotone and devoid of the usual happiness and emotion. “Do you mind if I stop somewhere first.”

“Sure,” Emily said as she prepared to follow the older brunette.

“Actually, umm…” Anna said as she looked to Emily then the ground. “I was kind of hoping to be alone, if you don’t mind.”

“Oh.” Emily said a little taken back. “That’s fine, I guess.” she said as she watched Anna leave without her. She sat on the bed while dropping her stuff and waited and waited for her to return. After an hour she gave up and went to the lobby in search of something to do. Oh yeah, that’s right, she thought as she pulled Namine’s pokeball out. She wanted to get her checked out.

“It’s Emily, right?” Nurse Joy...err...Nurse Patricia asked as she pulled out a few forms for Emily to sign in order to get her Eevee checked out.

“Yeah,” Emily said as she filled out the paperwork and handed it back. She sat and waited for her name to be called and finally Nurse Patricia said there was an examination room ready. Once inside she released her Eevee onto the table as it looked around the room to observe its new surroundings. “Namine!” Emily scolded as Eevee puffed up and quietly growled at the approaching Nurse.

“Don’t you let her take my temperature! Don’t you dare let her take my temperature!” Namine hissed as she sat down on her haunches.

“What can I do for you?” Nurse Patricia asked as she looked over the information Emily wrote down. “Ah, a female Eevee, those are quite rare.”

“Yeah, I just wanted to make sure she’s alright after everything that happened yesterday.” she explained as the Nurse nodded and began checking for any broken bones.

“Is she always this honorary?” the nurse asked as she quickly pulled her hand away as Namine tried to take a bite out of it once her hand started approaching her rear section.

“Hmm, she gets this way around this time of the year.”

“Ah, well that explains it then.” The nurse said as she finished patting the Eevee down. “You said she’s about five years old?”

“Yeah, that’s right.” Emily said as she listened to Eevee tell the nurse where she can stick her hands next.

“Just a case of spring fever then.” the Nurse said smiling.

“What’s that?” Emily asked hoping her Eevee wasn’t coming down with something.

“Well it’s spring time and you know what that means.” Emily gave her a blank stare as the nurse sighed. “You know...mating season…” she further explained.

“Ohh.” Emily said finally understanding and wanting to hit herself.

“Have you thought about finding her a suitable mating partner? It would probably do wonders for her attitude.” Nurse Patricia explained as she handed Emily brochures for the pokemon daycare.

“Huh, I’ve never really thought about it before. “ Emily said looking them over.

“Female Eevee’s are in super high demand right now at the breeding center as well. You can always kill two Pidgey’s with one stone by renting her-” The nurse began explaining, but Emily didn’t catch the rest over the death threats and curse words her Eevee began yelling out if Emily even considered the thought of pimping her out for cash.

“Aha thanks, but I don’t think Namine’s interested in mating right now.” Emily said afraid Namine would follow up with her threat of bringing her back a Rattata in her bed while Emily was asleep.

“I said don’t rent me out; I never said I wasn’t interested in finding a partner.” Namine said quietly.

“I guess we could stop by; it’s on the way back after all.” Emily said as she read the symptoms of spring fever on the pamphlet. The symptoms did sound a lot like Namine and the brochure even said that pokemon who are mated regularly during the spring season tend to be happier, healthier, and live longer lives versus those who don’t.

“Another alternative if there are no suitable partners at the daycare center is looking into finding a Ditto since they are compatible matches for all types of Pokemon.” Another growl from Namine let Emily know that also wasn’t an option.

“I refuse to mate with one of those...those...jelly whores.” Namine growled as she licked her paw and used it to smooth out the fur on her face.

“Pfft.” Emily laughed. “Oh, uh, it just seems like Dittos are like the sluts of the Pokemon world. She’s a little picky about, well, everything.” she explained after the Nurse asked what was so funny.

“Just you wait and see. Once she gets a whiff of those pheromones she won’t care if it’s a Ditto or a Flareon.”

“I seriously doubt that!” Namine said with a huff taking it as a personal insult.

“Well, she looks to be in good health. No broken bones, coat is thick and healthy, but she’s a little on the chunky side.”

“Like you should talk, Milktank!” Namine growled as her fur rose in agitation.

“Heh, it’s almost like she can understand me.” the Nurse laughed nervously as she quickly withdrew her hand once Namine flashed her sharp teeth. “Looks like everything else is in order.” the Nurse said as she went over her chart. “Only one thing left to do.” She said as she snapped a rubber glove on.

Ten minutes later Emily carried the thrashing Eevee in her arms who yelled obscenities at the Nurse behind them as she smiled and waved obliviously at them. Emily was glad only she could understand her since she would have been causing quite the scene.

“Oh c’mon, it couldn’t have been that bad.” Emily said trying to calm her down.

“How’d YOU like to have a six inch metal stick shoved up your ass? Actually, don’t answer that.” Namine yelled back at her owner.

“It wasn’t THAT big; it was more like five...ish.” Emily said. “And I know you totally peed on her on purpose; don’t try to deny it.”

“She’s lucky that’s all I did.” Namine said as she continued on cursing her.

“How you do expect to find a mate with that mouth of yours; it’s not very lady like.”

“Who are you to talk about being lady like? Just an hour ago you farted on the leather sofa and giggled for an entire minute straight.”

“I think I liked you better when you couldn’t talk.” Emily said blushing as she sat on the very same sofa with Eevee in her lap.

“And I think I liked the first Emily better.” Namine said in a huff.

“The first Emily?” she asked confused. “What are you talking about?”

“Are you alright there?” The original Nurse Joy asked stealing Emily’s attention away from grilling Namine as she joined her on the sofa causing Namine to jump off onto the other end of the couch . “You look deep in thought. Are you nervous about going back home?”

“A little bit.” Emily admitted as she pulled up her bare legs and hugged her knees.

“How come? Your mom sounded happy you were coming back.”

“Eh, bad memories.” Emily admitted staring blankly into the distance. “Wait, when did you talk to my mom? How do you even know who my mom is?”

“I called Professor Oak and your mom happened to be there. He wanted me to send him that envelope.” she lied.

“Oh.” Emily said as they sat together in awkward silence. “Where’s Anna? She said she wanted to be alone and left like two hours ago.”

“She’ll be back in a little bit.”

“Is she okay?” Emily asked a bit worried.

“Yeah, we went to go visit her mom and sister.”

“I don’t understand.” Emily said turning to look at Nurse Joy confused.

“We went to visit their graves.” Nurse Joy said.

“Oh.”

“Her mom died instantly, but we were never one hundred percent sure how her sister died.”

“How do you not know how she died? Didn’t she get impaled by a tree branch or something.” Nurse Joy shook her head.

“That’s just what Anna thinks she saw and it was dark. She was probably so shooken up and there’s always the possibility she dreamt it. There was no evidence to support that. We think her sister died from a head wound, but we’re not sure.”

“How were you not sure?”

“Well, the police said she didn’t have any kind of external injuries at all, but the autopsy showed signs of brain hemorrhaging.”

“Oh, how old was she?”

“Izzy was 12 at the time. She would have been about your age now.” Nurse Joy said with a sigh as she pulled a device out of her pocket and began tapping a few things into.

“Oh” was all Emily could think to say but became speechless as a holographic picture came up of the ten year old girl standing next to a black haired man dressed in a butlers outfit.

“That’s her, and that was the family’s butler that went missing. He was a good man, he was a lot closer to the girls than their own father was.” Emily clenched her fists as she stared at the man in the picture. Rage boiled in her chest as she looked at the two them and their happy expressions. The man in the photo was her very own father! They looked to be celebrating the girls birthday and that just made Emily all the more pissed off. It should have been her! He should have been at home celebrating her birthdays! “Are you okay, dear?” Nurse Joy asked as she watched the expression on Emily’s face turn from sympathy to hatred.

“Yeah, I’m fine.” Emily quickly said jumping a little as she looked away and blinked the tears out of her eyes.

“I’m sorry I jumped to conclusions and yelled at you this morning.” Nurse Joy said after a few more minutes of awkward silence. “I wasn’t mad because I thought you had an accident; I was mad because I thought you deliberately disobeyed me behind my back and then lied about it.”

“It’s fine.” Emily said wiping her eyes.

“If you were really fine you wouldn’t be crying and trying to hide it.” Emily didn’t feel like trying to explain the anger at her father. Instead she just nodded and pretended that Nurse Joy’s actions was why she was upset.

“I’m going to go for a walk.” Emily said after a minute in an attempt to be alone as she stood up but felt Nurse Joy’s hand wrap around her arm stopping her.

“Anna has some pull-ups in her bag. Please wear one.” Nurse Joy whispered in her ear. Emily sighed in frustration and annoyance. How was she going to prove she didn’t need those anymore?

“I don’t nee-”

“Diaper it is then.”

“Fine, i’ll wear the pull-up.” Emily quickly said. “Please, just no more diapers. I’m seventeen years old!”

“If you need them, you need them.” Nurse Joy said with a shrug.

“You didn’t have to keep changing me.” Emily said quietly. “I could’ve done it myself. You know, in private.”

“It says you needed to wear them in your medical file and as a Nurse of both Pokemon and humans, it is part of my job to make sure that you are. It also said in your file you put up a fight so that’s why i’ve personally been doing it. I have to do it with everyone who shows resistance.”

“How long am I going to have to keep wearing them?” Emily asked with a pained expression on her face.

“I think it stays on your file for 30 days. Outside of the pokemon center you can wear whatever you want, but inside you have to stay protected until the Dr. gives you the all clear. Don’t feel bad even Anna’s wearing one today. ”

“Why does she have them?” Emily asked.

“This happens every year like clock work. The nightmares and bedwetting. She gets so depressed so It’s one of the reasons i’m sending you both to Pallet. Now quit stalling and get changed or I’m diapering you.”

“No!” Emily said quickly making her way to the room with Anna’s stuff in it. She unzipped her suitcase and started moving things around until she found the package of Eevee training pants.

“That’s sick.” Namine said from behind as she watched disapprovingly as her owner pulled one out and began changing into it. “My face is on your butt, don’t you dare use that thing.”

“This skirt does nothing to cover it either.” Emily said said with a sigh as she looked at herself in the mirror before pulling her skirt down and changing into a different one. “That’s better.” Emily said as it covered the puffiness much better. She then stuck her hands in her pockets to fix them but felt something inside and pulled out the other half of the strange stone. “What do you think this is?” She asked showing it to Namine.

“If it was an evolution stone, I would have stayed inside of you right? Even then i’ve never heard of that kind of evolution before.”

“It’s pretty.” Emily said holding it up to the light. “Do you think we’ll fuse if you touch it again?”

“If we do, the first thing i’m doing is making you take that stupid Eevee diaper off.” Emily held her breath as she pressed it to her Eevee’s fur, but breathed a sigh of relief when nothing happened mostly happy that it didn’t make Namine collapse again.

“It would make a pretty necklace.” Emily said as she tied it around some string and put it around Namine’s neck. “This way when I look at you i’ll always remember the time I almost lost you. That way i’ll always appreciate you, even when you’re being an ass.” Namine rolled her eyes and looked at herself in the mirror. It did look pretty against her fur at least.

“So about that walk…” Namine said brushing up against Emily’s leg.

“Yeah, c’mon.” Emily said as she picked up her and Anna’s things and headed back into the lobby to find Anna there talking with Nurse Joy.

“Ready to go?” Nurse Joy asked.

“How are we getting there?” Emily asked as she handed Anna her bag.

“Flying.” Nurse Joy said as she handed Anna a pokeball.

“Ooh, cool!” Emily said now eager to get going. “We need to stop in Cerulean though.” she said pulling out the pamphlet out of her bag. “Do you know where the Pokemon Daycare is? I was going to let Namine spend the night there.” Namine happily yapped at this news and wagged her tail.

“Yeah, it’s pretty close to our Pokemon Center. Maybe a 20 minute walk away. We can go back to my room and stay the night there and pick her up in the morning.” Anna suggested. “Why the sudden interest?”

“She’s been a little hostile lately. The Nurse here said she had Spring Fever, and that she would feel better if she, uh…” Emily said.

“Ah, I see. “ Anna said. “They keep a few Ditto’s there for overnight stays.”

“No! No Ditto’s!” Namine growled as they left the Pokemon Center and she trotted off towards the bushes to take care of business before being called back inside her Pokeball. Anna released Nurse Joys Pidgeot which knelt down so the two girls could climb aboard.

“Ready?” Anna asked as she handed Emily a pair of goggles and had her wrap her arms around Anna’s stomach. The pidgeot spread its large wings and pushed off the ground with such force that they found themselves airborne in no time at all. Emily unintentionally screamed as they rose higher and higher into the air as Anna laughed at her and spread her arms out. “I love flying!” Anna yelled into the air as they continued to rise over the town as the people below began fading into smaller and smaller dots. Emily held on with all her might uncaring if she was crushing her girlfriend or not as she let out a yell of surprise. She was suddenly lurched forward as the Pidgeot began flapping it’s massive wings sending them hurtling forward.

“Mrmmm.” Emily moaned as she shifted and found to her displeasure she had wet the pull-up in surprise. She had never been so happy to have been forced into one.

“You alright back there?” Anna yelled above the sound of the rushing wind. “You're not getting air sickness are you?”

“No!” Emily yelled back as she refused to open her eyes and continued to cling onto Anna as they soared through the clouds.

“It’s okay!” Anna yelled as she pried Emily’s hands off her stomach and held onto it. “Open your eyes!” Emily shook her head and leaned into Anna’s body for support but eventually opened them and gasped. It was beautiful. She slowly and hesitantly sat upright and peeked around Anna’s shoulder as she stared in amazement as they zipped in and out of the clouds. She smiled widely as they flew over the ocean and passed a group of Wingulls leaving them in the dust. “It’s fun, huh?” Anna shouted happy to see Emily finally starting to enjoy herself. “Dive!” Anna yelled and soon the Pidgeot immediately dove head first towards the water as Emily screamed all the way down. Right before they were about to collide with the water the Pidgeot pulled out of its dive and soared inches above the water with its wings spread out.

“I hate you I hate you I hate you!” Emily screamed pounding on Anna’s back as Anna laughed and gazed at the water below as they blew past it. Soon Emily relaxed again as she watched Magikarp jumping in and out of the water. An hour later they finally landed in front of the Pokemon Center as Emily jumped off and nearly stumbled as she found her legs were barely supporting her. Anna gracefully slipped off and called back the Pidgeot.

“C’mon, lets go to my room and put our stuff away.” Anna said as she offered her arm to the wobbling Emily. Once inside they snuck upstairs and made their way into the small bedroom where Anna collapsed onto the bed. “Don’t ever scare me like that again.” Anna said as she pulled Emily down on top of her and began kissing her. “What’s wrong?” she asked as Emily shifted around uncomfortably.

“I, um, its just.” Emily stuttered looking away. “Hey! Don’t!” She shouted as she felt Anna’s hand reach up into her skirt.

“Aww, was somebody a little too scared flying.” Anna teased as she felt the cold, damp pull-up. “I’ll make it all better, baby girl.” she said as she patted Emily’s head and pulled Emily’s skirt down her legs.

“Argh.” Emily moaned into her hands as her face shone red as she heard the velcro tapes being ripped away. She jumped once she felt cold wipes against her skin as Anna teased her with them.

“Here.” Anna said as she handed the girl a pair of blue panties.

“Underwear!” Emily exclaimed happily as she hugged them before sliding them up her legs. “I thought I couldn’t wear them here?”

“Well, it was kind of my fault.” Anna said as she rubbed the back of her head. Emily nodded in agreement as she crossed her arms while withholding a certain fact that she had wet before Anna decided to pull a nose dive. Anna smiled awkwardly before looking away as put her hands to her own skirt as she paused for a few seconds before dropping it to reveal her own wet pull-up. Emily wanted to say something, but held her tongue and instead took Anna by the wrist and led her back onto the bed where she kissed her for a minute before she got up and handed her some wet wipes and underwear. “You were squeezing me pretty hard up there.” Anna laughed nervously as she slipped on a pair of panties after cleaning herself and put her skirt back on.

“Shall we go get Namine checked in when you’re done?” Emily asked as she awkwardly stood with her back turned away.

“Yeah let’s go.” Anna said hesitantly as broke away from her stare at her travel bag.

“Did you need something?” Emily asked as she noticed Anna’s lingering stare. Anna bit her lip as she seemed to be debating, but shook her head and mumbled something to herself. “Um, is it, uh, that bad?”

“N-no. I’ll be ok, it’s, uh, complicated.” Anna said looking away with a blush as she began nervously biting her fingernails.

“I thought it was just at night.” Emily said looking puzzled.

“I don’t need it, let’s go.” Anna said as left the room leaving behind a confused Emily. They walked in awkward silence halfway there until Emily let Namine out.

“You sure you want to do this?” Emily asked her. “Not too late to change your mind.” she teased.

“I’ll be fine.” Namine hummed happily as she walked along the path with her owner. Suddenly out of nowhere her Eevee broke into a sprint as she ran ahead leaving the girls in the dust.

“Namine!” Emily yelled as her Eevee took off without her. “Namine, wait up! Ugh” She grunted as the two sprinted the rest of the way there in order to catch up with her. “What’s up with her?” she asked as Anna ran along side her obviously in much better shape than she was.

“I don’t know!” Anna said as they finally caught up to her as she began scratching and whimpering at the door.

“Namine! Don’t just run off like that! Namine?” Emily asked concerned as she watched her Eevee start pacing and leaking urine.

“Don’t be too hard on her.” the girls heard from behind them. They turned to see an old lady watering some flowers on the side of the property. “Is it her first time here?”

“Yeah” Emily answered. “One of the Nurse Joy’s said I should bring her by since she’s been under a lot of stress.”

“She’s reacting to the pheromones in the air. Once spring time comes the males begin secreting them to attract females. She can probably smell every pokemon that’s been here this week.” she explained as she led them inside. Emily looked around and saw all the different kinds of Pokemon playing inside and out back. Namine began running in and out of the various rooms to see what kind of Pokemon were there. A Meowth ran passed batting a ball in between its paws while a Vulpix chased after it. A Nidoran and Nidorino were napping together in one corner while a Pikachu was playing with a Clefairy in the other. Outside in the pond a Staryu laid out on a rock sunbathing while a Maril splashed happily in the water nearby. The thing that immediately caught her attention was the Ditto in the corner that suddenly began shifting into various positions until it finally took the form of a Jolteon. “This here is Xerox.” The lady said introducing him to Emily as she patted his head.

“A a a Jolteon!” Namine exclaimed as she ran up to him and began sniffing him. She was star struck the moment she laid eyes on him.

“Are you going to tell her?” Anna asked Emily with a laugh. Emily shook her head as she watched the encounter between the two. Namine really couldn’t tell the difference and she didn’t want to spoil her fun. Nurse Patricia was right all along about the pheromones as Namine appeared to be heavily intoxicated by them as she swayed back and forth while whimpering.

“Is that normal?” Emily asked the daycare worker as she began pulling out some forms for Emily to sign.

“It can be overwhelming the first few times.” The daycare worker said clicking a few things on her computer. “Now what kind of package were you interested in? Are you here to level up or were you looking to breed?”

“Just an overnight stay.” Emily said while watching Namine interacting with Xerox.

“Since we don’t have any Pokemon staying here at the moment that are suitable matches for her type; we do offer different packages. Xerox here is our most popular option with a 95% success rate. There is also ‘Copy’ and ‘Paste’ right over there.” she said pointing to a Nidoran and Vulpix. “They are cheaper, but Pokemon aren’t always interested in them like Xerox. He’s fathered over 500 Pokemon in his lifetime here.”

“Woah.” Emily said. “Guess Namine wasn’t joking about Ditto’s being Poke-whores.” Emily debated for a moment. She knew her Eevee didn’t want to mate with a Ditto, but looking at her now, she seemed completely infatuated by its mere presence. Sure, it was in the shape of a Jolteon, but it was for only one night. It’s not like she was tricking her into getting married or something. With a name like Xerox she had to have some inkling as to its true identity after all. “What do you say, Namine? Want to stay here with Xerox?”

“Ok.” Her Eevee replied in a monotone voice not even looking towards her owner.

“One night with Mr. Babymaker it is.” Emily said pulling out her wallet before paying and signing the necessary paperwork. “Alright, Namine, you’re all checked in.” Emily said as she knelt down beside her.

“Ok.” Was all she got as a response.

“Well, I guess I’m going to leave now.” she teased.

“Ok.”

“You’ll be here without me the ENTIRE night.”

“Ok.”

“The only way to break the trance is to call her back inside her pokeball and take her away from the property. Pheromones are powerful things.” The daycare lady said. “Don’t worry. She will be perfectly safe here.”

“I know she will be.” Emily said feeling a little bit dejected.

“C’mon, Em, let her have her night.” Anna said before whispering something in her ear that turned Emily’s face bright red. She gave her Eevee one last look before letting Anna guide her outside and back towards the Pokemon Center. “So…” Anna said as they began walking. “Can I have the baby?”

“What?” Emily said a bit shocked.

“I mean once it’s older and everything, please. I’ve always wanted an Eevee.” Anna said giving Emily puppy dog eyes.

“Who said anything about there being a baby?”

“What did you think 95% success rate meant?” Anna said laughing.

“A 95% chance that they would mate?”

“Did you or did you not see Namine? They’re GOING to mate, I thought she was going to start humping his leg right then and there.” Anna said. “Speaking of mating.” She said as she wrapped an arm around Emily’s shoulder and pulled her closer. “We are kind of on vacation now.”

“You better get it out of your system tonight then because we can’t let my mom know.” Emily said.

“You just got the crap kicked out of you by my dad, what in the world could you possibly be afraid of now?” Anna stated looking at her a little skeptically.

“Please.” Emily begged. “I don’t want you to be sent to the neighbors or worse! What if she doesn’t let me join the internship?”

“I think you’re overreacti-” Anna began, but was distracted by a certain redheads presence. “Misty! Hey, Misty!” She called out getting the gym leaders attention.

“Oh hey, Anna how’s it-Emmy!? Is that you?”

“Oh no.” Emily whimpered to Anna as Misty came over. “Hi.” Emily said quietly while blushing and looking away.

“Hi?” Misty questioned while placing her hands on her hips and bending a little to the side to look Emily in the face. “It’s been, what, four years and all you have to say is “Hi”.” She demanded while mimicking Emily’s shy tone at the end. Emily laughed nervously as she grabbed her arm and fidgeted anxiously from foot to foot.

“So, how do you two know each other?” Anna asked looking from each girl for answers causing Emily to inwardly groan. This was exactly the conversation she had been hoping to avoid.

“I used to help take care of her when she was sick while her mom was working at the restaurant. Look at you now though!” Misty suddenly yelled making Emily jump.” You look like you’re doing so much better."

“Y-Yeah.” Emily said.

“What have you been doing? What brings you to Cerulean?” Misty asked.

“I live here now at the Pokemon Center. I’ll be starting the internship soon. We were just dropping Namine off at the daycare center.”

“What?!” Misty asked sounding shocked. “You got into the internship? I couldn’t even get in.” Misty said feeling both impressed and showed up.

“Yeah, well, Anna helped. She was already in and-” Emily started but was quickly cut off.

“Yeah, right.” Anna said rolling her eyes at Emily’s modesty. “She scored the highest in the history of the test. All I did was write her name down on the sign-up sheet.”

“Way to go!” said Misty. “Amazing, just five years ago you were at the level of an infant; now look at you.” Emily looked down in embarrassment both at the praise and that slip of information. She was relieved when her transceiver began ringing as she looked to see an incoming call from her mom.

“Sorry, I’ve got to take this.” Emily said glad for an excuse to slip away from the conversation.

“So you know Emmy from the Pokemon Center?” Misty asked once the younger girl had left to a secluded area out of earshot.

“ Uh, well, not exactly.” Anna said. “We met about three months ago in the Viridian Forest. She reminded me of someone I knew and I accidentally scared her with my Rattata.”

“Oh, yeah, she doesn’t like those.” Misty said giggling. “Serves her right for slipping a Caterpie in my purse.”

“She was sick so we needed to fly her into the Pokemon Center here, I ended up being her sitter and…” Anna said checking around. “We’ve been sort of, well, dating ever since.”

“Wait, what!? Dating like...dating dating… like you’re girlfriend and…”

“Girlfriend.” Anna said nodding as she waited for Misty’s reaction. The older red head seemed to think it over for a second before she broke into a large grin and started laughing.

“I’m sorry,” She said as she wiped her eyes. “It’s just that I just ran into her brother the other day, we used to travel together. Pfft. His little sister got a girlfriend before he did!” She said cracking up all over again. Anna smiled politely before approaching the subject she really wanted to talk about.

“So now that you know we’re together. Mind explaining something for me?” Anna asked dropping her voice after checking to make sure Emily was nowhere to be seen. “What did you mean five years ago she was at the level of an infant?”

“Oh, well, I probably shouldn’t have said anything.” Misty said looking over her shoulder.

“Waterstone.” Anna whispered as she watched Misty bite her lip and debate.

“I don’t know.”

“Waterstone and two hyper potions.” Anna said.

“I wish I knew myself.” Misty said whispering. “Her mom said she had a stroke when she was eleven, but it was really suspicious. She forgot everything.”

“What do you mean everything?”

“I mean EVERYTHING everything. How to walk, how to talk, potty training. She was literally a baby and had to be re-raised for an entire year.” Misty explained as Anna’s face changed from curiosity to confusion.

“She doesn’t look like she’s had a stroke.” Anna said.

“I know, I’ve never heard of a stroke doing that before.” Misty said. “That’s why I don’t think that was it. I know this is going to sound crazy, but I think they wiped her memory.”

“What?” Anna asked. “You can do that?”

“It’s highly controversial and illegal, but yes. With the right kind of Pokemon move it is possible. “ Misty said. “I just don’t know WHY they did though.”

“They?” Anna asked.

“Professor Oak, Rachel Oak, the Dr. in Pallet town and Emily’s mom. She had a lot of health issues from the bite ,but it seemed like she was getting better. A few months later I got a call to come into town and watch her but when I got there…” Misty said taking a breath. “She was on the couch in just a diaper sucking on the Tv remote. I mean I know she was in diapers before, but never out in the open and it wasn’t because she was incontinent or anything. It was just easier on everyone to change her instead of carrying her but then all of a sudden she NEEDED them. All she could do was babble, she couldn’t walk or talk.”

“What?”

“Yeah. Her mom said she had a stroke during surgery and that she was mentally an infant. It gets weirder. She got better REALLY fast, like within a year she was perfectly fine and at her own age again. People who have THAT bad of a stroke don’t recover like that. Not to mention she didn’t need physical therapy or anything. It was like she just grew up like a normal baby would. She re-learned to talk, walk, read, feed herself, potty training everything all within a year.”

“Is that why she’s really smart?” Anna asked. “She seems to absorb information like a sponge.”

“Yeah, once she learned to read again she never put books down. Which was weird because the old Emily HATED reading. Honestly, it was like it wasn’t even Emily.”

“I don’t understand though; she’s talked about her childhood from before that age.”

“They’re not really her memories.” Misty explained. “She even thinks they are, but what she ‘remembers’ is really only what she’s been told. She’s been told so many things about herself I wonder if she even remembers, well, not remembering.”

“You lost me there.” Anna said confused.

“She remembers being little at a late stage, but I don’t think she realizes her past is completely blank. We’ve shown her photographs galore and told lots of stories so she might THINK she remembers her past, but there’s no way to be sure. Like her fear of Rattata for example, her mom literally pushed the fact that she’s terrified of them until she believed she really was afraid of them despite not remembering first hand what they did to her. We’ve told her what happened but whether or not she actually remembers it happening is a totally different story.”

“That’s...interesting.” Anna said. “We’re leaving first thing in the morning for Pallet town actually. We’re staying at her moms for two weeks.”

“Do me a favor. You can forget the waterstone and hyper potions if you dig around a bit. There’s only one Drs. Office in Pallet town, if you could somehow find away to get a hold of her medical file it might explain what really happened.” Misty said.

“You just want me to get arrested don’t you.” Anna said.

“If you don’t; you can forget about me ordering you any more ‘toys’.” Misty said with a smirk.

“I-I don’t need those anymore!” Anna said blushing. “I have a girlfriend now.”

“Uh-huh, then I take it you wouldn’t be interested in the latest model. It’s a...strap on.” Misty whispered in Anna’s ear. ”That is unless you want a vibrator showing up on daddy’s credit card bill.” Misty said showing her dark side.

“Fine.” Anna grumbled as Misty returned to her happy innocent self. Anna sighed, she had been planning on digging for information as soon as Misty opened her mouth but she hadn’t planned on snooping through Emily’s complete medical history. This new information did intrigue her greatly though.

“Nice doing business with you, Ms. Silph.” Misty said with a mischievous smile as she outstretched her hand.

“Just like always.” Anna said shaking it. “So about that, uh, strap on….”

“I’ll be taking those waterstones and hyper potions after all.”

*037*2015-05-23 05:23

Yeah I know it wouldn't let me delete it

Thank you. Emily's Diary and Just Let it Out are going to end soon but they are going to intercept. This chapter is the beginning of the conclusion of what Anna finds while she is in Pallet Town that will link the two stories together.

No it's not fixed I'm just having to write pen and paper and then type it up on the Desktop when no ones home

*039*2015-05-23 19:45

Thank you :) I have everything planned out at this point (for once) I know the time frame is off but assume Emily's Diary takes place 6 years before this story

*042*2015-05-27 04:13

{{:

I'm so intrigued about Emily's past! I hope all this snooping doesn't cause problems between Anna and Emily :( GREAT scenes between them btw :D

}}

Thank you :) I'm glad I'm not as bad at making all this up as the guy on "the 40-year-old Virgin " where he's trying to tell a dirty story and compares breasts to sand bags lol

*044*2015-05-27 09:14

This is where things get interesting. Chapter 20!Come again!” The day care worker said pleasantly while Emily carried out the limp love sick Eevee underneath one arm and an egg in the other.

“Let me hold it!” Anna said smiling widely as she took the egg from Emily and held it up at eye level.

“It’s Namine’s.” Emily said in warning. “She has say into what happens.” She said as she set her Eevee down so she could call her back into her pokeball to break the pheromone induced trance. Emily wasn’t even sure she realized what had even happened during the night, but she knew she was in for quite a shock when Emily told her she was going to be a mom.

“I know I know.” Anna said waving the girl off as she examined the brown swirls on the egg. “What do you think it is? How funny would it be if it was a Ditto?”

“Not funny at all; Namine would kill me.” Emily said shivering at the thought as she attached the pokeball to her belt. “Pokemon take after the mom so it should be another Eevee...I hope.”

“What kind of wild Pokemon are in Pallet town? I need to train Arky a bit more, he needs the exercise.” Anna said as she produced a Pokeball that contained Nurse Joy’s Pidgeot. “So are we flying or do you want to take the long way through the forest?”

“Let’s take the long way, I’m not in a hurry to get there.” Emily said not to keen on the idea of flying so soon after breakfast. “Your Arcanine’s way too powerful for Pallet Town, we only have like level three Caterpies and Rattata.” She said with a shiver.

“You can always train Eevee on the way there through the forest.” Anna suggested. “We’re bound to run into wild pokemon on the way.”

“True. I’ve never really had Eevee fight before; she’s always been my companion, but I’ve never been to keen on her battling.”

“Have you ever asked her what she wants? Maybe you should let her try instead of being so overprotective.” Anna suggested as they made their way into the forests clearing as they walked along the gravel path. The two girls walked along for quite some time until Emily had to ask for a break.

“Ah, my feet.” Emily complained as she sat on a large boulder. “It feels like we’ve been walking forever!” she said as she pulled out a water bottle from her pack and quickly downed it.

“It does feel good to sit down.” Anna agreed leaning up against a nearby tree while taking sips of her own water bottle. “You were the one who wanted to walk though, remember?” she said teasing her travel companion. Anna frowned and rolled her eyes when she saw Emily squirming around on the boulder and looking around anxiously. “Em.” Anna said staring at her.

“What?” the girl asked innocently as she quickly sat still while internally kicking herself for drinking so much coffee with breakfast.

“You know what, or did you forget what happened last time we were in the forest?” Anna scolded causing Emily’s face to flush with heat from the memory.

“I-I don’t have to go that bad; I can wait un-” Emily began, but was met with a protective glare from her girlfriend who simply pointed her finger to a clump of bushes a short walk away. “Or I could just go now.” she said quietly as Anna nodded her head in approval as she watched her walk halfway there, freeze for a few seconds and then walk back.

“What is it?” Anna asked with her arms crossed determined that they would not continue with their journey until Emily took care of business, even if she had to force her.

“I-I don’t want to go there.” Emily admitted blushing while avoiding eye contact. Anna face palmed as she rolled her eyes.

“Look i’ve told you this before, there are no toilets in the forest and unless you want to end up back in the hospital you better get back there and squat in those bushes.”

“I know there’s no bathrooms.” Emily mumbled looking away. “I just don’t want to go in the bushes.” she mumbled clearly looking embarrassed. “There could be Ratatta in them.”

“That’s what this is about?” Anna asked as Emily nodded and scanned the area biting her lip anxiously before meeting Anna’s gaze that said she wasn’t getting out of this. “Are you really that scared of them?” Anna asked a bit more softly as Emily nodded her head.

“What if one comes out while I can’t get away?” She asked meaning mid-stream.

“If you’re that scared of Rattata, why did you want to come this way?”

“You’re with me.” Emily said shrugging.

“Did you... want me to come with you?” Anna asked after a moment of silence as a red faced Emily slowly nodded her head. “Nothing will hurt you I promise.” Anna said offering her hand to Emily as she led her towards the bushes. Once there Anna kicked at them and shook them showing her there was nothing there. “No Rattata.” she said leading her further in noticing Emily’s palm was beginning to sweat. “Just go here, we’re far enough away from the path.” Anna said dropping her hand about to leave to go take care of her own body’s needs until she felt Emily tug at her arm.

“Stay here.” she heard Emily mumble.

“Ok.”Anna said a bit surprised as she stood pressing her knees together.

Emily began tugging down her own panties with one hand while still holding on to Anna’s arm with the other. Once her panties were off she hiked up her skirt and squatted down but nothing happened. “Not again.” Emily mumbled as Anna shifted from foot to foot. “Stop moving; you’re making me nervous.”

“Sorry, I have to go too. Let me go and I’ll come right back.” Anna said as she tried to walk away, but Emily clutched at her arm even harder. “Em.” she said turning to look at her.

“Don’t leave.” she said with pleading eyes as she looked up at Anna from her spot as she hovered over the grass.

“But I-” Anna began until she saw an embarrassed looking Emily point to the ground next to her and understood what she wanted her to do. “ I guess it can’t be helped.” Anna said as she used her free hand to pull down her panties from underneath her skirt as she squatted down next to Emily who smiled gratefully and continued to clutch her hand. Having Anna next to her in the same situation was finally enough to loosen her body's unconscious hold as she sighed in relief once she felt her pee slowly start to trickle out onto the grass below. Anna quickly unclenched her muscles once she heard Emily’s sigh as a cue that all was well and soon both of them were peeing freely side by side.

“You wouldn’t have any toilet paper would you?” Emily asked as the two continued to awkwardly squat together once they had finished.

“Nope.” Anna said grabbing some three pointed leaves off a nearby plant and began wiping herself with them. Emily began to accept some of the leaves Anna offered but froze in shock and quickly dropped them as Anna stood pulling on her underwear.

“Please tell me you did not just use those.” Emily said staring at the pile of leaves on the ground and back up to Anna as she decided to forgo the cleaning process and get dressed.

“Yeah why?” Anna asked puzzled.

“That’s poison oak!” Emily yelled at her. “Haven’t you ever heard of ‘Leaves of Three Let Them Be?’”

“Please tell me you’re joking.” Anna begged as Emily grimaced and shook her head.

“We should probably get into town sooner rather than later. I touched it too, but not... there…” Emily said not even wanting to imagine what lay in store for Anna later. “Can your Pidgeot fly us the rest of the way there?”

“No.” Anna said looking around in a panic. “There’s too many trees! We’ll have to get out of the forest first. Which way is faster? Should we go back the way we came or keep going?”

“Mom said she kept my plants alive so I have something to cure it at home. We’re half way no matter which direction we go.” Emily said.

“Let’s keep going then.” Anna said with a pained expression on her face. “I’d rather not have my aunt find out about this.” she said as she pulled out a pokeball from her belt and released her Arcanine. “Mind if we ride you the rest of the way? It’s kind of an emergency.” Arky let out a loud bark as he knelt down and let the two girls climb aboard and in what felt like only an hour later Arcanine had charged out of the forests clearing with Emily holding on for dear life.

“Thanks buddy.” Anna said giving him a pat on the head before calling him back and swapping him out for the Pidgeot.

“How do you feel so far?” Emily asked as she saw the way Anna was walking.

“Trying not to think about it.” Anna replied as she tried her hardest to keep from rubbing it. Emily looked at her worried. If it was truly already affecting her this early she was in for a rough couple of days. Emily hoped it was just Anna imagining it as she began scratching her hand and face without realizing it. After another one hour trip on the giant bird the two descended as Anna returned it to it’s pokeball and walked up to the front door of the little house on the far right.

“It will be okay.” Anna said through gritted teeth and misty eyes trying to sound reassuring as she turned to look at Emily. “I’m sure these two weeks will be fi-” She started to say until she got a look at side of Emily’s swollen face.

“What?” Emily asked feeling her red puffy cheeks. “Oh no. If I’m like this, you must be dying.” Emily said with a face of sympathy, at least she thought she was showing sympathy through her swollen cheeks. Anna nodded practically in tears as each step towards the door was pure agonizing torture as she felt all of the swelling and rubbing pressing against her underwear. Emily grimaced for her and knocked on the door to her house as they stood awkwardly outside and waited. Soon a smiling woman with long brown hair opened the door to welcome them, but frowned once she took one look at her daughter's face and sighed.

“Emily Ketchum, what in the world happened to your face?” she demanded with hands on hips before standing aside to let the two in.

“Poison Oak.” she answered setting her backpack down and making her way over to the bathroom mirror to see how bad it was after just a few short hours. “Mom! We’ve got a problem.” she yelled from the back of the house until she saw a tall black haired woman come over.

“Good to see you again, Emmy.” She said with a smile as Emily charged her with a hug. “Four months and not a single phone call!” She tsked.

“Rachel!” she said happily as the woman wrapped her in her arms and squeezed her.

“What in the world have you been rolling in?” Rachel said examining the girls swollen face before sighing. “Good thing your mom kept your plants alive.”

“We have a bigger problem than me.” Emily said bringing Rachel over to Anna who was doing everything in her power to keep from crying out in pain.

“You too?” Rachel asked seeing the pained expression on the taller brown haired girl. Anna just nodded her head and kept gritting her teeth as her lower regions burned in pain. “Where? I don’t see it.” Emily whispered something in Rachel’s ear as Rachel grimaced. “Ohh, you poor thing.” she said taking Anna by the hand and leading her into Emily’s room as Emily followed behind until Rachel suddenly shoed her out and closed the door on her.

“Alright, dear, I’ll try to make this as painless as possible.” She said going into the closet and spreading out a blanket to cover the bed. “Strip and lie down.” Rachel said slipping on a pair of latex gloves.

“Umm,” Anna said awkwardly having suddenly found herself in such an odd position.

“It’s okay, I’m a nurse at the clinic here in town. I just want to see how bad it is, may I do that?” Rachel asked trying to calm the 20 year old girl down. Anna nodded a little more relieved that she knew who this strange lady was who suddenly ordered her to take off her clothes.

“Everything?” Anna asked as Rachel nodded her head as Anna began unbuttoning her blouse as she heard Emily and the other lady talking outside the room. She tried to bend in order to take off the rest but found she couldn’t.

“It’s okay.” Rachel said holding her shoulders and helping her onto the bed. “Just lay back; I’ll get it. Your clothes need to be washed as soon as possible anyway.” Rachel said as she removed Anna’s skirt and panties making Anna wince in pain from the cold air. “Oh!” she said noticing the swelling right away.

“It burns.” Anna moaned.

“Hmm. You’ll need to see the Dr.” Rachel said barely touching the inside of the girls thigh before she winced in pain. “I’m going to have Emmy make some poison cream for the both of you. She’s good with berries.”

“Heh, I noticed.” Anna said as she turned her head suddenly noticing an entire section of the room dedicated to dozens of various berry shrubs and flowers.

“She likes plants.” Rachel explained. “If you’re going to have some kind of poisoning you’ve actually come to the right place.”

“Can I come in?” Emily shouted from the other side of the door. “It is my room.”

“Give your friend some privacy, I’m examining her right now. “ Rachel yelled back as she opened up what appeared to be a giant first aid kit.

“Only I get to, umm, never mind.” Emily said realizing what she was about to say as Anna covered her mouth to keep from laughing as Rachel looked confused before turning back to the girl on the bed.

“No no no! Don’t touch!” Rachel said pulling out a pair of mittens and putting them on Anna’s hands. “It’s on your hands too, if you touch yourself you’ll only spread it.” She explained going back to the first aid kit. “Here’s what I can do right now.” she said holding up a white tube of cream. “If you're okay with it, I can rub this into your skin and it will help with the burning.” she said. “Once Emily’s done with the poison cream I can rub that on too. If you’re not comfortable with that option I can take you to the clinic tomorrow and wait for an appt, but like I said, I’m the nurse there and it will still be me rubbing it in.” Rachel explained. “The only difference will be $150 and a change of scenery.”

“Go ahead,” Anna whispered as her face flushed red. “Please.”

“Good choice.” Rachel said as she began grabbing a few wet wipes. “Alright, hun, I need you to open up your legs as much as you can.” Anna closed her eyes while inwardly groaning in embarrassment before doing what the nice lady said as she slowly spread her legs out giving Rachel a good look at everything. “I wish there was something I could do about that swelling though.” she said looking between the girls legs. “I’m sorry, this is going to sting, but I need to clean the area.” Rachel explained as she gently began wiping the the girls privates clean along with the insides of her legs and butt as Anna moaned and thrashed in pain. “I’m sorry I had to do that.” she apologized before tossing the wipes in the trash. “This hopefully won’t feel so bad.” Rachel said as she squirted the rash cream in her latex covered hands and began rubbing them together before applying it to the insides of Anna’s legs and privates.”

Emily stood on the opposite end of the door listening to Anna’s yells and cries of anguish until she couldn’t take it anymore. Ignoring Rachel’s protests from earlier, she barged in closing the door behind her and made her way over to Anna’s side.

“I thought I told you to wait outside!” Rachel barked holding up one of Anna’s legs in the air as she rubbed lotion on her inner thigh and butt cheek. “Get out! How’d you like it if you were in this position?”

“She can stay.” Anna moaned through clenched teeth while she continued whimpering in pain with every area Rachel touched. “Nothing she hasn’t, ugh, seen before.”

“It wasn’t so, uh, swollen before.” Emily said grimacing as she stole a quick glance.

“Don’t stare.” Rachel said hitting her upside the head.

“It’s kinda funny since I was doing something similar to her when we first met.” Anna said biting down. “I was a ugh, intern, and she was a patient at the hospital.”

“You’re a nursing student?” Rachel asked as her eyes lit up. “Wait, Emmy, when were you in the hospital?” she said turning her attention to the girl trying to slink away.

“It was a while ago; it was nothing.” Emily said quietly looking away.

“You.” Rachel said turning her head back to the naked girl on the bed. “What was she in for?”

“I, um, don’t remember.” Anna said panicking at being put on the spot and not wanting to to get Emily in trouble.

“That’s too bad. Here I am rubbing lotion on some strangers butt free of charge on my day off…”

“Kidney infection! They gave her a diuretic and had me diaper her for two days!” Anna blurted out.

“Good girl.” Rachel said patting Anna’s leg as Emily grumbled something that sounded like traitor. “Alright, you’re all lotioned up. Just take it easy and hang out on the bed while Emily fixes up some cream. I’ll come back and apply it once she’s done.” Rachel said as she pulled out a light blue sheet from the closet and spread it over Anna to cover her up.

“Thank you.” Anna muttered blushing. “I am really sorry about this.”

“I’m sorry we had to meet this way.” Rachel said packing up her first aid kit and tossing her gloves. “My name is Rachel Oak by the way.”

“You’re not Emily’s mom? You look so much alike.” Anna commented looking at the two of them standing side by side.

“My mom’s in the living room with my little attention whore.” Emily said as she opened the door.

“I heard that!” Namine shouted through her bark.

“Rachel’s like my second mom.” Emily explained resting her head on Rachel's shoulder. “Oh, right, this is Anna. She’s my, um.”

“Room mate.” Anna said helping her out. “We kept in touch once she was released from the hospital so my aunt, nurse Joy, assigned her to my room once she got accepted into the nursing program at the pokemon center.

“I’m impressed. You changed her diapers AND you were willing to be seen with her in public afterwards?” Rachel teased. “Have we met before; you look awfully familiar.” Anna shrugged her shoulders and looked away. “Well anyway, I need to ask you a few personal questions to start a medical chart for you, so if at anytime you feel uncomfortable please don’t hesitate to ask this one to leave.” she said playfully poking Emily in the side with her pen while she was bent over collecting various berries and leaves in a bowl.

“It’s fine. I doubt you could embarrass me anymore than I’ve already embarrassed her.” Anna said as she watched Rachel pull out a clipboard and some forms. “I’m sure she’s enjoying this.”

“Is that a challenge?”

“Have you been using my room as your office?” Emily asked as she looked around at all the medical equipment noticing it looked more like a Dr.s Office than her bedroom.

“Yes. “ Rachel said pulling up a chair by the bed while ignoring Emily’s complaints. “Can I get your full name, dear?” She asked as she readied her pen to write down the girls response. Anna bit her lip anxiously as she mumbled it. “What was that?”

“Annabella...Silph” she added as Rachel motioned with her palm to continue.

“Ann-a-bell-a Sil-” Rachel repeated as she wrote it down until the color slowly drained from her face as she looked up carefully eying the girl in bed. “Did... you say ‘Silph’?” Rachel asked as her movement suddenly became nervous. “As in…”

“Yes.” Anna said with a sigh. “Silph as in Silph Co.” she mumbled as she heard a sudden sharp exhale as she looked up to see Rachel as white as a ghost.

“A-a-and h-ow” she stuttered before pulling herself together. “How do you know Emily?”

“I met her about four months ago in the forest. I took her back to the Cerulean pokemon center with me because she was running a fever. I ended up being assigned as her sitter and we’ve been close friends ever since.” Anna explained noticing the sudden change in the woman’s demeanor.

“And you’ve never met her before then?” Rachel asked trying to appear calm.

“I thought I did at first, but, I guess I mistook her for someone else.” Anna said shrugging before she winced at trying to move her legs. Rachel suddenly snapped out of her strange mood once she saw the look of pain and discomfort on the girl’s face.

“Try not to move, dear, I know it itches.” Rachel said suddenly coming back to her senses. “Sorry about that, I-I don’t know what got over me. Anyway, do you have an emergency contact? A parent?”

“My aunt I guess. Nurse Joy of Cerulean City.”

“And does Nurse Joy have a name?”

“Helen Darent.” Anna said as Rachel’s eyes went wide as a large grin spread across her face.

“Helen Darent is your aunt? I went to school with her almost 18 years ago. We were roommates too! Wow, so she made it… Anyway, right, your chart let’s see. How old are you?”

“20.”

“Any possibilities of this being an STD?” Rachel asked looking up to see the uncomfortable expression on Anna’s face. “I did warn you these were going to be personal.”

“Heh, not a problem, no not an STD,” Anna said glancing at Emily’s mouth trying not to laugh as the Poison Oak rash had spread mimicking herpes.

“Any chance you might be pregnant?”

“Nope.”

“Surgeries?”

“Five years ago I had surgery on my leg from a compound fracture from a... car accident.” Anna said softly as Rachel inhaled sharply again.

“Well, that’s all I need to know. I’ll submit this to the clinic first thing in the morning.” Rachel said as she stood up. “Let me know when you’re done with that, Emily, and I’ll come back and apply it to the both of you.” She said before giving Anna one last nervous glance before leaving the room and closing the door behind her. The girls exchanged glances before Emily went back to mashing the ingredients together in a bowl.

“What’s with all the plants in here?” Anna asked after they sat quietly for a few minutes.

“I liked collecting berries, I find their healing properties fascinating so I studied them and came up with various remedies for different illnesses. This is for plant rash poisoning and animal bites; it also works as a non-burning disinfectant.” Emily explained crushing the ingredients together using a mortar and pestle. Anna just blinked in response as she wondered why this even still surprises her anymore. “I need another bowl.” Emily mumbled as she got up and began rummaging in the closet. Emily let out a yell of surprise when a shelf collapsed on her knocking down several boxes and scattering them across the room.

“You okay?” Anna asked.

“Yeah” Emily mumbled as she swore underneath her breath and chased after the boxes stacking them back in the closet. “Ugh.”

“You missed one.” Anna said pointing to one by the bed as Emily picked it up and moaned as pictures began falling out. Kneeling down Emily began scooping them up and putting them back in the box. “Are those pictures of you?” Anna asked as Emily nodded. “Can I see them, please?”

“Sure.” Emily said handing her the shoebox as she went back to what she was doing occasionally looking up whenever Anna made out an “Aww.”

Anna giddily went through picture after picture until she came upon a small book hiding underneath all the photo’s. Looking up to make sure Emily was distracted she pulled it out and opened it revealing it be a diary. Jackpot Anna thought as she opened the first page and began reading occasionally smiling at all of Emily’s blunders she had recorded in it’s pages. “Just as easily embarrassed and fun to pick on back then too.” she laughed until she got to the parts about bottle feeding. “Now we’re getting to the good stuff.” Soon the pages contents began growing darker and harder to read as the authors health had begun to decline until soon Anna couldn’t make heads or tails of it. “How weird” she mumbled getting Emily’s attention.

“What’s up?” She asked.

“Just reading your old diary.” Anna said with a smirk knowing she was in for trouble as she saw Emily’s face scrunch in confusion.

“I never kept a diary.” Emily said coming over to examine it. “That’s weird. I don’t remember writing any of this. I must have been really little, it’s all scribbles.” she said handing it back after looking at a few pages in the middle. “Well I’m going to go tell Rachel the creams ready.” Emily said getting up to leave. Anna picked the diary back up as she flipped through page after page of scribbles over lapping each other until she got to the back and a few things were taped inside. Anna carefully undid them pulling it out to examine the contents. The first thing was an old photograph of a smiling black haired woman who laid exhausted in a hospital bed holding two babies.

Is that Rachel? She wondered as she stared at the photo before flipping it over to the back as it read “Emily and Amy.” Wait, Didn’t she just say she WASN’T Emily’s mom? No… it was Emily that had said she wasn’t her mom, but if one of the babies was Emily who was Amy? This wasn’t making sense! Why would Emily lie about who her birth mom was? According to this picture, and the similarities between the two, clearly Rachel was Emily’s biological mother...unless Emily didn’t know.

Also according to this picture, Emily had a twin sister, Amy. She had never mentioned she had a sister before. Was it possible this was the big secret? Had she stumbled upon it so fast? If Emily had health problems, what if Amy had as well? Emily said she hadn’t kept a diary, but here was one detailing the life of a sick 10 year old girl...What if...Amy didn’t make it. Whoever wrote this diary was clearly becoming more and more impaired as time went on. Was this Amy’s diary Anna wondered as she set the picture down before turning her attention to the folded up piece of paper.

Anna carefully un-taped it revealing it to be Emily’s Birth Certificate along with a similar official looking paper. She noticed right away on the birth certificate that it indeed did not say “Emily Ketchum” but “Emily Oak.” The next piece of paper began to fill in some of the pieces as it detailed Emily’s adoption by Delia Ketchum as her last name was legally changed from “Oak” to “Ketchum”. “Who or where is that other baby!” she muttered getting frustrated as she turned to the last page as her hands began to tremble and sweat as she read it’s contents. “I-I don’t understand!” Anna whispered as chills ran up her back as she read the last paper:

Emily Ketchum

1999-2011

COD: Poisoning

*048*2015-05-28 15:02

{{:

Wh-Why does it end already?! Why couldn't it be finished by the time I started reading it. T_T I'm going to be anxiously awaiting another chapter now forever. XD Gosh, good job writing this. I haven't been so attached to a story in a while.

}}

Thank you :D it could be worse though... Getting hooked on a story and getting excited for a new chapter then looking at the date the last chapter was published and realizing it was three years ago... >.<

