Just Let it Out ch1 - Page 2

Author: SashaButters

*033*2015-04-26 06:49

Ahaha...well you know... *cough* gotta keep the readers interested...*wipes blood away from nose*

*035*2015-05-23 03:23

“Are you almost ready to go?” Emily asked as she re-packed her backpack and searched around the room to make sure she hadn’t forgotten anything.

“I guess.” Anna said her voice monotone and devoid of the usual happiness and emotion. “Do you mind if I stop somewhere first.”

“Sure,” Emily said as she prepared to follow the older brunette.

“Actually, umm…” Anna said as she looked to Emily then the ground. “I was kind of hoping to be alone, if you don’t mind.”

“Oh.” Emily said a little taken back. “That’s fine, I guess.” she said as she watched Anna leave without her. She sat on the bed while dropping her stuff and waited and waited for her to return. After an hour she gave up and went to the lobby in search of something to do. Oh yeah, that’s right, she thought as she pulled Namine’s pokeball out. She wanted to get her checked out.

“It’s Emily, right?” Nurse Joy...err...Nurse Patricia asked as she pulled out a few forms for Emily to sign in order to get her Eevee checked out.

“Yeah,” Emily said as she filled out the paperwork and handed it back. She sat and waited for her name to be called and finally Nurse Patricia said there was an examination room ready. Once inside she released her Eevee onto the table as it looked around the room to observe its new surroundings. “Namine!” Emily scolded as Eevee puffed up and quietly growled at the approaching Nurse.

“Don’t you let her take my temperature! Don’t you dare let her take my temperature!” Namine hissed as she sat down on her haunches.

“What can I do for you?” Nurse Patricia asked as she looked over the information Emily wrote down. “Ah, a female Eevee, those are quite rare.”

“Yeah, I just wanted to make sure she’s alright after everything that happened yesterday.” she explained as the Nurse nodded and began checking for any broken bones.

“Is she always this honorary?” the nurse asked as she quickly pulled her hand away as Namine tried to take a bite out of it once her hand started approaching her rear section.

“Hmm, she gets this way around this time of the year.”

“Ah, well that explains it then.” The nurse said as she finished patting the Eevee down. “You said she’s about five years old?”

“Yeah, that’s right.” Emily said as she listened to Eevee tell the nurse where she can stick her hands next.

“Just a case of spring fever then.” the Nurse said smiling.

“What’s that?” Emily asked hoping her Eevee wasn’t coming down with something.

“Well it’s spring time and you know what that means.” Emily gave her a blank stare as the nurse sighed. “You know...mating season…” she further explained.

“Ohh.” Emily said finally understanding and wanting to hit herself.

“Have you thought about finding her a suitable mating partner? It would probably do wonders for her attitude.” Nurse Patricia explained as she handed Emily brochures for the pokemon daycare.

“Huh, I’ve never really thought about it before. “ Emily said looking them over.

“Female Eevee’s are in super high demand right now at the breeding center as well. You can always kill two Pidgey’s with one stone by renting her-” The nurse began explaining, but Emily didn’t catch the rest over the death threats and curse words her Eevee began yelling out if Emily even considered the thought of pimping her out for cash.

“Aha thanks, but I don’t think Namine’s interested in mating right now.” Emily said afraid Namine would follow up with her threat of bringing her back a Rattata in her bed while Emily was asleep.

“I said don’t rent me out; I never said I wasn’t interested in finding a partner.” Namine said quietly.

“I guess we could stop by; it’s on the way back after all.” Emily said as she read the symptoms of spring fever on the pamphlet. The symptoms did sound a lot like Namine and the brochure even said that pokemon who are mated regularly during the spring season tend to be happier, healthier, and live longer lives versus those who don’t.

“Another alternative if there are no suitable partners at the daycare center is looking into finding a Ditto since they are compatible matches for all types of Pokemon.” Another growl from Namine let Emily know that also wasn’t an option.

“I refuse to mate with one of those...those...jelly whores.” Namine growled as she licked her paw and used it to smooth out the fur on her face.

“Pfft.” Emily laughed. “Oh, uh, it just seems like Dittos are like the sluts of the Pokemon world. She’s a little picky about, well, everything.” she explained after the Nurse asked what was so funny.

“Just you wait and see. Once she gets a whiff of those pheromones she won’t care if it’s a Ditto or a Flareon.”

“I seriously doubt that!” Namine said with a huff taking it as a personal insult.

“Well, she looks to be in good health. No broken bones, coat is thick and healthy, but she’s a little on the chunky side.”

“Like you should talk, Milktank!” Namine growled as her fur rose in agitation.

“Heh, it’s almost like she can understand me.” the Nurse laughed nervously as she quickly withdrew her hand once Namine flashed her sharp teeth. “Looks like everything else is in order.” the Nurse said as she went over her chart. “Only one thing left to do.” She said as she snapped a rubber glove on.

Ten minutes later Emily carried the thrashing Eevee in her arms who yelled obscenities at the Nurse behind them as she smiled and waved obliviously at them. Emily was glad only she could understand her since she would have been causing quite the scene.

“Oh c’mon, it couldn’t have been that bad.” Emily said trying to calm her down.

“How’d YOU like to have a six inch metal stick shoved up your ass? Actually, don’t answer that.” Namine yelled back at her owner.

“It wasn’t THAT big; it was more like five...ish.” Emily said. “And I know you totally peed on her on purpose; don’t try to deny it.”

“She’s lucky that’s all I did.” Namine said as she continued on cursing her.

“How you do expect to find a mate with that mouth of yours; it’s not very lady like.”

“Who are you to talk about being lady like? Just an hour ago you farted on the leather sofa and giggled for an entire minute straight.”

“I think I liked you better when you couldn’t talk.” Emily said blushing as she sat on the very same sofa with Eevee in her lap.

“And I think I liked the first Emily better.” Namine said in a huff.

“The first Emily?” she asked confused. “What are you talking about?”

“Are you alright there?” The original Nurse Joy asked stealing Emily’s attention away from grilling Namine as she joined her on the sofa causing Namine to jump off onto the other end of the couch . “You look deep in thought. Are you nervous about going back home?”

“A little bit.” Emily admitted as she pulled up her bare legs and hugged her knees.

“How come? Your mom sounded happy you were coming back.”

“Eh, bad memories.” Emily admitted staring blankly into the distance. “Wait, when did you talk to my mom? How do you even know who my mom is?”

“I called Professor Oak and your mom happened to be there. He wanted me to send him that envelope.” she lied.

“Oh.” Emily said as they sat together in awkward silence. “Where’s Anna? She said she wanted to be alone and left like two hours ago.”

“She’ll be back in a little bit.”

“Is she okay?” Emily asked a bit worried.

“Yeah, we went to go visit her mom and sister.”

“I don’t understand.” Emily said turning to look at Nurse Joy confused.

“We went to visit their graves.” Nurse Joy said.

“Oh.”

“Her mom died instantly, but we were never one hundred percent sure how her sister died.”

“How do you not know how she died? Didn’t she get impaled by a tree branch or something.” Nurse Joy shook her head.

“That’s just what Anna thinks she saw and it was dark. She was probably so shooken up and there’s always the possibility she dreamt it. There was no evidence to support that. We think her sister died from a head wound, but we’re not sure.”

“How were you not sure?”

“Well, the police said she didn’t have any kind of external injuries at all, but the autopsy showed signs of brain hemorrhaging.”

“Oh, how old was she?”

“Izzy was 12 at the time. She would have been about your age now.” Nurse Joy said with a sigh as she pulled a device out of her pocket and began tapping a few things into.

“Oh” was all Emily could think to say but became speechless as a holographic picture came up of the ten year old girl standing next to a black haired man dressed in a butlers outfit.

“That’s her, and that was the family’s butler that went missing. He was a good man, he was a lot closer to the girls than their own father was.” Emily clenched her fists as she stared at the man in the picture. Rage boiled in her chest as she looked at the two them and their happy expressions. The man in the photo was her very own father! They looked to be celebrating the girls birthday and that just made Emily all the more pissed off. It should have been her! He should have been at home celebrating her birthdays! “Are you okay, dear?” Nurse Joy asked as she watched the expression on Emily’s face turn from sympathy to hatred.

“Yeah, I’m fine.” Emily quickly said jumping a little as she looked away and blinked the tears out of her eyes.

“I’m sorry I jumped to conclusions and yelled at you this morning.” Nurse Joy said after a few more minutes of awkward silence. “I wasn’t mad because I thought you had an accident; I was mad because I thought you deliberately disobeyed me behind my back and then lied about it.”

“It’s fine.” Emily said wiping her eyes.

“If you were really fine you wouldn’t be crying and trying to hide it.” Emily didn’t feel like trying to explain the anger at her father. Instead she just nodded and pretended that Nurse Joy’s actions was why she was upset.

“I’m going to go for a walk.” Emily said after a minute in an attempt to be alone as she stood up but felt Nurse Joy’s hand wrap around her arm stopping her.

“Anna has some pull-ups in her bag. Please wear one.” Nurse Joy whispered in her ear. Emily sighed in frustration and annoyance. How was she going to prove she didn’t need those anymore?

“I don’t nee-”

“Diaper it is then.”

“Fine, i’ll wear the pull-up.” Emily quickly said. “Please, just no more diapers. I’m seventeen years old!”

“If you need them, you need them.” Nurse Joy said with a shrug.

“You didn’t have to keep changing me.” Emily said quietly. “I could’ve done it myself. You know, in private.”

“It says you needed to wear them in your medical file and as a Nurse of both Pokemon and humans, it is part of my job to make sure that you are. It also said in your file you put up a fight so that’s why i’ve personally been doing it. I have to do it with everyone who shows resistance.”

“How long am I going to have to keep wearing them?” Emily asked with a pained expression on her face.

“I think it stays on your file for 30 days. Outside of the pokemon center you can wear whatever you want, but inside you have to stay protected until the Dr. gives you the all clear. Don’t feel bad even Anna’s wearing one today. ”

“Why does she have them?” Emily asked.

“This happens every year like clock work. The nightmares and bedwetting. She gets so depressed so It’s one of the reasons i’m sending you both to Pallet. Now quit stalling and get changed or I’m diapering you.”

“No!” Emily said quickly making her way to the room with Anna’s stuff in it. She unzipped her suitcase and started moving things around until she found the package of Eevee training pants.

“That’s sick.” Namine said from behind as she watched disapprovingly as her owner pulled one out and began changing into it. “My face is on your butt, don’t you dare use that thing.”

“This skirt does nothing to cover it either.” Emily said said with a sigh as she looked at herself in the mirror before pulling her skirt down and changing into a different one. “That’s better.” Emily said as it covered the puffiness much better. She then stuck her hands in her pockets to fix them but felt something inside and pulled out the other half of the strange stone. “What do you think this is?” She asked showing it to Namine.

“If it was an evolution stone, I would have stayed inside of you right? Even then i’ve never heard of that kind of evolution before.”

“It’s pretty.” Emily said holding it up to the light. “Do you think we’ll fuse if you touch it again?”

“If we do, the first thing i’m doing is making you take that stupid Eevee diaper off.” Emily held her breath as she pressed it to her Eevee’s fur, but breathed a sigh of relief when nothing happened mostly happy that it didn’t make Namine collapse again.

“It would make a pretty necklace.” Emily said as she tied it around some string and put it around Namine’s neck. “This way when I look at you i’ll always remember the time I almost lost you. That way i’ll always appreciate you, even when you’re being an ass.” Namine rolled her eyes and looked at herself in the mirror. It did look pretty against her fur at least.

“So about that walk…” Namine said brushing up against Emily’s leg.

“Yeah, c’mon.” Emily said as she picked up her and Anna’s things and headed back into the lobby to find Anna there talking with Nurse Joy.

“Ready to go?” Nurse Joy asked.

“How are we getting there?” Emily asked as she handed Anna her bag.

“Flying.” Nurse Joy said as she handed Anna a pokeball.

“Ooh, cool!” Emily said now eager to get going. “We need to stop in Cerulean though.” she said pulling out the pamphlet out of her bag. “Do you know where the Pokemon Daycare is? I was going to let Namine spend the night there.” Namine happily yapped at this news and wagged her tail.

“Yeah, it’s pretty close to our Pokemon Center. Maybe a 20 minute walk away. We can go back to my room and stay the night there and pick her up in the morning.” Anna suggested. “Why the sudden interest?”

“She’s been a little hostile lately. The Nurse here said she had Spring Fever, and that she would feel better if she, uh…” Emily said.

“Ah, I see. “ Anna said. “They keep a few Ditto’s there for overnight stays.”

“No! No Ditto’s!” Namine growled as they left the Pokemon Center and she trotted off towards the bushes to take care of business before being called back inside her Pokeball. Anna released Nurse Joys Pidgeot which knelt down so the two girls could climb aboard.

“Ready?” Anna asked as she handed Emily a pair of goggles and had her wrap her arms around Anna’s stomach. The pidgeot spread its large wings and pushed off the ground with such force that they found themselves airborne in no time at all. Emily unintentionally screamed as they rose higher and higher into the air as Anna laughed at her and spread her arms out. “I love flying!” Anna yelled into the air as they continued to rise over the town as the people below began fading into smaller and smaller dots. Emily held on with all her might uncaring if she was crushing her girlfriend or not as she let out a yell of surprise. She was suddenly lurched forward as the Pidgeot began flapping it’s massive wings sending them hurtling forward.

“Mrmmm.” Emily moaned as she shifted and found to her displeasure she had wet the pull-up in surprise. She had never been so happy to have been forced into one.

“You alright back there?” Anna yelled above the sound of the rushing wind. “You're not getting air sickness are you?”

“No!” Emily yelled back as she refused to open her eyes and continued to cling onto Anna as they soared through the clouds.

“It’s okay!” Anna yelled as she pried Emily’s hands off her stomach and held onto it. “Open your eyes!” Emily shook her head and leaned into Anna’s body for support but eventually opened them and gasped. It was beautiful. She slowly and hesitantly sat upright and peeked around Anna’s shoulder as she stared in amazement as they zipped in and out of the clouds. She smiled widely as they flew over the ocean and passed a group of Wingulls leaving them in the dust. “It’s fun, huh?” Anna shouted happy to see Emily finally starting to enjoy herself. “Dive!” Anna yelled and soon the Pidgeot immediately dove head first towards the water as Emily screamed all the way down. Right before they were about to collide with the water the Pidgeot pulled out of its dive and soared inches above the water with its wings spread out.

“I hate you I hate you I hate you!” Emily screamed pounding on Anna’s back as Anna laughed and gazed at the water below as they blew past it. Soon Emily relaxed again as she watched Magikarp jumping in and out of the water. An hour later they finally landed in front of the Pokemon Center as Emily jumped off and nearly stumbled as she found her legs were barely supporting her. Anna gracefully slipped off and called back the Pidgeot.

“C’mon, lets go to my room and put our stuff away.” Anna said as she offered her arm to the wobbling Emily. Once inside they snuck upstairs and made their way into the small bedroom where Anna collapsed onto the bed. “Don’t ever scare me like that again.” Anna said as she pulled Emily down on top of her and began kissing her. “What’s wrong?” she asked as Emily shifted around uncomfortably.

“I, um, its just.” Emily stuttered looking away. “Hey! Don’t!” She shouted as she felt Anna’s hand reach up into her skirt.

“Aww, was somebody a little too scared flying.” Anna teased as she felt the cold, damp pull-up. “I’ll make it all better, baby girl.” she said as she patted Emily’s head and pulled Emily’s skirt down her legs.

“Argh.” Emily moaned into her hands as her face shone red as she heard the velcro tapes being ripped away. She jumped once she felt cold wipes against her skin as Anna teased her with them.

“Here.” Anna said as she handed the girl a pair of blue panties.

“Underwear!” Emily exclaimed happily as she hugged them before sliding them up her legs. “I thought I couldn’t wear them here?”

“Well, it was kind of my fault.” Anna said as she rubbed the back of her head. Emily nodded in agreement as she crossed her arms while withholding a certain fact that she had wet before Anna decided to pull a nose dive. Anna smiled awkwardly before looking away as put her hands to her own skirt as she paused for a few seconds before dropping it to reveal her own wet pull-up. Emily wanted to say something, but held her tongue and instead took Anna by the wrist and led her back onto the bed where she kissed her for a minute before she got up and handed her some wet wipes and underwear. “You were squeezing me pretty hard up there.” Anna laughed nervously as she slipped on a pair of panties after cleaning herself and put her skirt back on.

“Shall we go get Namine checked in when you’re done?” Emily asked as she awkwardly stood with her back turned away.

“Yeah let’s go.” Anna said hesitantly as broke away from her stare at her travel bag.

“Did you need something?” Emily asked as she noticed Anna’s lingering stare. Anna bit her lip as she seemed to be debating, but shook her head and mumbled something to herself. “Um, is it, uh, that bad?”

“N-no. I’ll be ok, it’s, uh, complicated.” Anna said looking away with a blush as she began nervously biting her fingernails.

“I thought it was just at night.” Emily said looking puzzled.

“I don’t need it, let’s go.” Anna said as left the room leaving behind a confused Emily. They walked in awkward silence halfway there until Emily let Namine out.

“You sure you want to do this?” Emily asked her. “Not too late to change your mind.” she teased.

“I’ll be fine.” Namine hummed happily as she walked along the path with her owner. Suddenly out of nowhere her Eevee broke into a sprint as she ran ahead leaving the girls in the dust.

“Namine!” Emily yelled as her Eevee took off without her. “Namine, wait up! Ugh” She grunted as the two sprinted the rest of the way there in order to catch up with her. “What’s up with her?” she asked as Anna ran along side her obviously in much better shape than she was.

“I don’t know!” Anna said as they finally caught up to her as she began scratching and whimpering at the door.

“Namine! Don’t just run off like that! Namine?” Emily asked concerned as she watched her Eevee start pacing and leaking urine.

“Don’t be too hard on her.” the girls heard from behind them. They turned to see an old lady watering some flowers on the side of the property. “Is it her first time here?”

“Yeah” Emily answered. “One of the Nurse Joy’s said I should bring her by since she’s been under a lot of stress.”

“She’s reacting to the pheromones in the air. Once spring time comes the males begin secreting them to attract females. She can probably smell every pokemon that’s been here this week.” she explained as she led them inside. Emily looked around and saw all the different kinds of Pokemon playing inside and out back. Namine began running in and out of the various rooms to see what kind of Pokemon were there. A Meowth ran passed batting a ball in between its paws while a Vulpix chased after it. A Nidoran and Nidorino were napping together in one corner while a Pikachu was playing with a Clefairy in the other. Outside in the pond a Staryu laid out on a rock sunbathing while a Maril splashed happily in the water nearby. The thing that immediately caught her attention was the Ditto in the corner that suddenly began shifting into various positions until it finally took the form of a Jolteon. “This here is Xerox.” The lady said introducing him to Emily as she patted his head.

“A a a Jolteon!” Namine exclaimed as she ran up to him and began sniffing him. She was star struck the moment she laid eyes on him.

“Are you going to tell her?” Anna asked Emily with a laugh. Emily shook her head as she watched the encounter between the two. Namine really couldn’t tell the difference and she didn’t want to spoil her fun. Nurse Patricia was right all along about the pheromones as Namine appeared to be heavily intoxicated by them as she swayed back and forth while whimpering.

“Is that normal?” Emily asked the daycare worker as she began pulling out some forms for Emily to sign.

“It can be overwhelming the first few times.” The daycare worker said clicking a few things on her computer. “Now what kind of package were you interested in? Are you here to level up or were you looking to breed?”

“Just an overnight stay.” Emily said while watching Namine interacting with Xerox.

“Since we don’t have any Pokemon staying here at the moment that are suitable matches for her type; we do offer different packages. Xerox here is our most popular option with a 95% success rate. There is also ‘Copy’ and ‘Paste’ right over there.” she said pointing to a Nidoran and Vulpix. “They are cheaper, but Pokemon aren’t always interested in them like Xerox. He’s fathered over 500 Pokemon in his lifetime here.”

“Woah.” Emily said. “Guess Namine wasn’t joking about Ditto’s being Poke-whores.” Emily debated for a moment. She knew her Eevee didn’t want to mate with a Ditto, but looking at her now, she seemed completely infatuated by its mere presence. Sure, it was in the shape of a Jolteon, but it was for only one night. It’s not like she was tricking her into getting married or something. With a name like Xerox she had to have some inkling as to its true identity after all. “What do you say, Namine? Want to stay here with Xerox?”

“Ok.” Her Eevee replied in a monotone voice not even looking towards her owner.

“One night with Mr. Babymaker it is.” Emily said pulling out her wallet before paying and signing the necessary paperwork. “Alright, Namine, you’re all checked in.” Emily said as she knelt down beside her.

“Ok.” Was all she got as a response.

“Well, I guess I’m going to leave now.” she teased.

“Ok.”

“You’ll be here without me the ENTIRE night.”

“Ok.”

“The only way to break the trance is to call her back inside her pokeball and take her away from the property. Pheromones are powerful things.” The daycare lady said. “Don’t worry. She will be perfectly safe here.”

“I know she will be.” Emily said feeling a little bit dejected.

“C’mon, Em, let her have her night.” Anna said before whispering something in her ear that turned Emily’s face bright red. She gave her Eevee one last look before letting Anna guide her outside and back towards the Pokemon Center. “So…” Anna said as they began walking. “Can I have the baby?”

“What?” Emily said a bit shocked.

“I mean once it’s older and everything, please. I’ve always wanted an Eevee.” Anna said giving Emily puppy dog eyes.

“Who said anything about there being a baby?”

“What did you think 95% success rate meant?” Anna said laughing.

“A 95% chance that they would mate?”

“Did you or did you not see Namine? They’re GOING to mate, I thought she was going to start humping his leg right then and there.” Anna said. “Speaking of mating.” She said as she wrapped an arm around Emily’s shoulder and pulled her closer. “We are kind of on vacation now.”

“You better get it out of your system tonight then because we can’t let my mom know.” Emily said.

“You just got the crap kicked out of you by my dad, what in the world could you possibly be afraid of now?” Anna stated looking at her a little skeptically.

“Please.” Emily begged. “I don’t want you to be sent to the neighbors or worse! What if she doesn’t let me join the internship?”

“I think you’re overreacti-” Anna began, but was distracted by a certain redheads presence. “Misty! Hey, Misty!” She called out getting the gym leaders attention.

“Oh hey, Anna how’s it-Emmy!? Is that you?”

“Oh no.” Emily whimpered to Anna as Misty came over. “Hi.” Emily said quietly while blushing and looking away.

“Hi?” Misty questioned while placing her hands on her hips and bending a little to the side to look Emily in the face. “It’s been, what, four years and all you have to say is “Hi”.” She demanded while mimicking Emily’s shy tone at the end. Emily laughed nervously as she grabbed her arm and fidgeted anxiously from foot to foot.

“So, how do you two know each other?” Anna asked looking from each girl for answers causing Emily to inwardly groan. This was exactly the conversation she had been hoping to avoid.

“I used to help take care of her when she was sick while her mom was working at the restaurant. Look at you now though!” Misty suddenly yelled making Emily jump.” You look like you’re doing so much better."

“Y-Yeah.” Emily said.

“What have you been doing? What brings you to Cerulean?” Misty asked.

“I live here now at the Pokemon Center. I’ll be starting the internship soon. We were just dropping Namine off at the daycare center.”

“What?!” Misty asked sounding shocked. “You got into the internship? I couldn’t even get in.” Misty said feeling both impressed and showed up.

“Yeah, well, Anna helped. She was already in and-” Emily started but was quickly cut off.

“Yeah, right.” Anna said rolling her eyes at Emily’s modesty. “She scored the highest in the history of the test. All I did was write her name down on the sign-up sheet.”

“Way to go!” said Misty. “Amazing, just five years ago you were at the level of an infant; now look at you.” Emily looked down in embarrassment both at the praise and that slip of information. She was relieved when her transceiver began ringing as she looked to see an incoming call from her mom.

“Sorry, I’ve got to take this.” Emily said glad for an excuse to slip away from the conversation.

“So you know Emmy from the Pokemon Center?” Misty asked once the younger girl had left to a secluded area out of earshot.

“ Uh, well, not exactly.” Anna said. “We met about three months ago in the Viridian Forest. She reminded me of someone I knew and I accidentally scared her with my Rattata.”

“Oh, yeah, she doesn’t like those.” Misty said giggling. “Serves her right for slipping a Caterpie in my purse.”

“She was sick so we needed to fly her into the Pokemon Center here, I ended up being her sitter and…” Anna said checking around. “We’ve been sort of, well, dating ever since.”

“Wait, what!? Dating like...dating dating… like you’re girlfriend and…”

“Girlfriend.” Anna said nodding as she waited for Misty’s reaction. The older red head seemed to think it over for a second before she broke into a large grin and started laughing.

“I’m sorry,” She said as she wiped her eyes. “It’s just that I just ran into her brother the other day, we used to travel together. Pfft. His little sister got a girlfriend before he did!” She said cracking up all over again. Anna smiled politely before approaching the subject she really wanted to talk about.

“So now that you know we’re together. Mind explaining something for me?” Anna asked dropping her voice after checking to make sure Emily was nowhere to be seen. “What did you mean five years ago she was at the level of an infant?”

“Oh, well, I probably shouldn’t have said anything.” Misty said looking over her shoulder.

“Waterstone.” Anna whispered as she watched Misty bite her lip and debate.

“I don’t know.”

“Waterstone and two hyper potions.” Anna said.

“I wish I knew myself.” Misty said whispering. “Her mom said she had a stroke when she was eleven, but it was really suspicious. She forgot everything.”

“What do you mean everything?”

“I mean EVERYTHING everything. How to walk, how to talk, potty training. She was literally a baby and had to be re-raised for an entire year.” Misty explained as Anna’s face changed from curiosity to confusion.

“She doesn’t look like she’s had a stroke.” Anna said.

“I know, I’ve never heard of a stroke doing that before.” Misty said. “That’s why I don’t think that was it. I know this is going to sound crazy, but I think they wiped her memory.”

“What?” Anna asked. “You can do that?”

“It’s highly controversial and illegal, but yes. With the right kind of Pokemon move it is possible. “ Misty said. “I just don’t know WHY they did though.”

“They?” Anna asked.

“Professor Oak, Rachel Oak, the Dr. in Pallet town and Emily’s mom. She had a lot of health issues from the bite ,but it seemed like she was getting better. A few months later I got a call to come into town and watch her but when I got there…” Misty said taking a breath. “She was on the couch in just a diaper sucking on the Tv remote. I mean I know she was in diapers before, but never out in the open and it wasn’t because she was incontinent or anything. It was just easier on everyone to change her instead of carrying her but then all of a sudden she NEEDED them. All she could do was babble, she couldn’t walk or talk.”

“What?”

“Yeah. Her mom said she had a stroke during surgery and that she was mentally an infant. It gets weirder. She got better REALLY fast, like within a year she was perfectly fine and at her own age again. People who have THAT bad of a stroke don’t recover like that. Not to mention she didn’t need physical therapy or anything. It was like she just grew up like a normal baby would. She re-learned to talk, walk, read, feed herself, potty training everything all within a year.”

“Is that why she’s really smart?” Anna asked. “She seems to absorb information like a sponge.”

“Yeah, once she learned to read again she never put books down. Which was weird because the old Emily HATED reading. Honestly, it was like it wasn’t even Emily.”

“I don’t understand though; she’s talked about her childhood from before that age.”

“They’re not really her memories.” Misty explained. “She even thinks they are, but what she ‘remembers’ is really only what she’s been told. She’s been told so many things about herself I wonder if she even remembers, well, not remembering.”

“You lost me there.” Anna said confused.

“She remembers being little at a late stage, but I don’t think she realizes her past is completely blank. We’ve shown her photographs galore and told lots of stories so she might THINK she remembers her past, but there’s no way to be sure. Like her fear of Rattata for example, her mom literally pushed the fact that she’s terrified of them until she believed she really was afraid of them despite not remembering first hand what they did to her. We’ve told her what happened but whether or not she actually remembers it happening is a totally different story.”

“That’s...interesting.” Anna said. “We’re leaving first thing in the morning for Pallet town actually. We’re staying at her moms for two weeks.”

“Do me a favor. You can forget the waterstone and hyper potions if you dig around a bit. There’s only one Drs. Office in Pallet town, if you could somehow find away to get a hold of her medical file it might explain what really happened.” Misty said.

“You just want me to get arrested don’t you.” Anna said.

“If you don’t; you can forget about me ordering you any more ‘toys’.” Misty said with a smirk.

“I-I don’t need those anymore!” Anna said blushing. “I have a girlfriend now.”

“Uh-huh, then I take it you wouldn’t be interested in the latest model. It’s a...strap on.” Misty whispered in Anna’s ear. ”That is unless you want a vibrator showing up on daddy’s credit card bill.” Misty said showing her dark side.

“Fine.” Anna grumbled as Misty returned to her happy innocent self. Anna sighed, she had been planning on digging for information as soon as Misty opened her mouth but she hadn’t planned on snooping through Emily’s complete medical history. This new information did intrigue her greatly though.

“Nice doing business with you, Ms. Silph.” Misty said with a mischievous smile as she outstretched her hand.

“Just like always.” Anna said shaking it. “So about that, uh, strap on….”

“I’ll be taking those waterstones and hyper potions after all.”

*037*2015-05-23 05:23

Yeah I know it wouldn't let me delete it

Thank you. Emily's Diary and Just Let it Out are going to end soon but they are going to intercept. This chapter is the beginning of the conclusion of what Anna finds while she is in Pallet Town that will link the two stories together.

No it's not fixed I'm just having to write pen and paper and then type it up on the Desktop when no ones home

*039*2015-05-23 19:45

Thank you :) I have everything planned out at this point (for once) I know the time frame is off but assume Emily's Diary takes place 6 years before this story

*042*2015-05-27 04:13

{{:

I'm so intrigued about Emily's past! I hope all this snooping doesn't cause problems between Anna and Emily :( GREAT scenes between them btw :D

}}

Thank you :) I'm glad I'm not as bad at making all this up as the guy on "the 40-year-old Virgin " where he's trying to tell a dirty story and compares breasts to sand bags lol

*044*2015-05-27 09:14

This is where things get interesting. Chapter 20!Come again!” The day care worker said pleasantly while Emily carried out the limp love sick Eevee underneath one arm and an egg in the other.

“Let me hold it!” Anna said smiling widely as she took the egg from Emily and held it up at eye level.

“It’s Namine’s.” Emily said in warning. “She has say into what happens.” She said as she set her Eevee down so she could call her back into her pokeball to break the pheromone induced trance. Emily wasn’t even sure she realized what had even happened during the night, but she knew she was in for quite a shock when Emily told her she was going to be a mom.

“I know I know.” Anna said waving the girl off as she examined the brown swirls on the egg. “What do you think it is? How funny would it be if it was a Ditto?”

“Not funny at all; Namine would kill me.” Emily said shivering at the thought as she attached the pokeball to her belt. “Pokemon take after the mom so it should be another Eevee...I hope.”

“What kind of wild Pokemon are in Pallet town? I need to train Arky a bit more, he needs the exercise.” Anna said as she produced a Pokeball that contained Nurse Joy’s Pidgeot. “So are we flying or do you want to take the long way through the forest?”

“Let’s take the long way, I’m not in a hurry to get there.” Emily said not to keen on the idea of flying so soon after breakfast. “Your Arcanine’s way too powerful for Pallet Town, we only have like level three Caterpies and Rattata.” She said with a shiver.

“You can always train Eevee on the way there through the forest.” Anna suggested. “We’re bound to run into wild pokemon on the way.”

“True. I’ve never really had Eevee fight before; she’s always been my companion, but I’ve never been to keen on her battling.”

“Have you ever asked her what she wants? Maybe you should let her try instead of being so overprotective.” Anna suggested as they made their way into the forests clearing as they walked along the gravel path. The two girls walked along for quite some time until Emily had to ask for a break.

“Ah, my feet.” Emily complained as she sat on a large boulder. “It feels like we’ve been walking forever!” she said as she pulled out a water bottle from her pack and quickly downed it.

“It does feel good to sit down.” Anna agreed leaning up against a nearby tree while taking sips of her own water bottle. “You were the one who wanted to walk though, remember?” she said teasing her travel companion. Anna frowned and rolled her eyes when she saw Emily squirming around on the boulder and looking around anxiously. “Em.” Anna said staring at her.

“What?” the girl asked innocently as she quickly sat still while internally kicking herself for drinking so much coffee with breakfast.

“You know what, or did you forget what happened last time we were in the forest?” Anna scolded causing Emily’s face to flush with heat from the memory.

“I-I don’t have to go that bad; I can wait un-” Emily began, but was met with a protective glare from her girlfriend who simply pointed her finger to a clump of bushes a short walk away. “Or I could just go now.” she said quietly as Anna nodded her head in approval as she watched her walk halfway there, freeze for a few seconds and then walk back.

“What is it?” Anna asked with her arms crossed determined that they would not continue with their journey until Emily took care of business, even if she had to force her.

“I-I don’t want to go there.” Emily admitted blushing while avoiding eye contact. Anna face palmed as she rolled her eyes.

“Look i’ve told you this before, there are no toilets in the forest and unless you want to end up back in the hospital you better get back there and squat in those bushes.”

“I know there’s no bathrooms.” Emily mumbled looking away. “I just don’t want to go in the bushes.” she mumbled clearly looking embarrassed. “There could be Ratatta in them.”

“That’s what this is about?” Anna asked as Emily nodded and scanned the area biting her lip anxiously before meeting Anna’s gaze that said she wasn’t getting out of this. “Are you really that scared of them?” Anna asked a bit more softly as Emily nodded her head.

“What if one comes out while I can’t get away?” She asked meaning mid-stream.

“If you’re that scared of Rattata, why did you want to come this way?”

“You’re with me.” Emily said shrugging.

“Did you... want me to come with you?” Anna asked after a moment of silence as a red faced Emily slowly nodded her head. “Nothing will hurt you I promise.” Anna said offering her hand to Emily as she led her towards the bushes. Once there Anna kicked at them and shook them showing her there was nothing there. “No Rattata.” she said leading her further in noticing Emily’s palm was beginning to sweat. “Just go here, we’re far enough away from the path.” Anna said dropping her hand about to leave to go take care of her own body’s needs until she felt Emily tug at her arm.

“Stay here.” she heard Emily mumble.

“Ok.”Anna said a bit surprised as she stood pressing her knees together.

Emily began tugging down her own panties with one hand while still holding on to Anna’s arm with the other. Once her panties were off she hiked up her skirt and squatted down but nothing happened. “Not again.” Emily mumbled as Anna shifted from foot to foot. “Stop moving; you’re making me nervous.”

“Sorry, I have to go too. Let me go and I’ll come right back.” Anna said as she tried to walk away, but Emily clutched at her arm even harder. “Em.” she said turning to look at her.

“Don’t leave.” she said with pleading eyes as she looked up at Anna from her spot as she hovered over the grass.

“But I-” Anna began until she saw an embarrassed looking Emily point to the ground next to her and understood what she wanted her to do. “ I guess it can’t be helped.” Anna said as she used her free hand to pull down her panties from underneath her skirt as she squatted down next to Emily who smiled gratefully and continued to clutch her hand. Having Anna next to her in the same situation was finally enough to loosen her body's unconscious hold as she sighed in relief once she felt her pee slowly start to trickle out onto the grass below. Anna quickly unclenched her muscles once she heard Emily’s sigh as a cue that all was well and soon both of them were peeing freely side by side.

“You wouldn’t have any toilet paper would you?” Emily asked as the two continued to awkwardly squat together once they had finished.

“Nope.” Anna said grabbing some three pointed leaves off a nearby plant and began wiping herself with them. Emily began to accept some of the leaves Anna offered but froze in shock and quickly dropped them as Anna stood pulling on her underwear.

“Please tell me you did not just use those.” Emily said staring at the pile of leaves on the ground and back up to Anna as she decided to forgo the cleaning process and get dressed.

“Yeah why?” Anna asked puzzled.

“That’s poison oak!” Emily yelled at her. “Haven’t you ever heard of ‘Leaves of Three Let Them Be?’”

“Please tell me you’re joking.” Anna begged as Emily grimaced and shook her head.

“We should probably get into town sooner rather than later. I touched it too, but not... there…” Emily said not even wanting to imagine what lay in store for Anna later. “Can your Pidgeot fly us the rest of the way there?”

“No.” Anna said looking around in a panic. “There’s too many trees! We’ll have to get out of the forest first. Which way is faster? Should we go back the way we came or keep going?”

“Mom said she kept my plants alive so I have something to cure it at home. We’re half way no matter which direction we go.” Emily said.

“Let’s keep going then.” Anna said with a pained expression on her face. “I’d rather not have my aunt find out about this.” she said as she pulled out a pokeball from her belt and released her Arcanine. “Mind if we ride you the rest of the way? It’s kind of an emergency.” Arky let out a loud bark as he knelt down and let the two girls climb aboard and in what felt like only an hour later Arcanine had charged out of the forests clearing with Emily holding on for dear life.

“Thanks buddy.” Anna said giving him a pat on the head before calling him back and swapping him out for the Pidgeot.

“How do you feel so far?” Emily asked as she saw the way Anna was walking.

“Trying not to think about it.” Anna replied as she tried her hardest to keep from rubbing it. Emily looked at her worried. If it was truly already affecting her this early she was in for a rough couple of days. Emily hoped it was just Anna imagining it as she began scratching her hand and face without realizing it. After another one hour trip on the giant bird the two descended as Anna returned it to it’s pokeball and walked up to the front door of the little house on the far right.

“It will be okay.” Anna said through gritted teeth and misty eyes trying to sound reassuring as she turned to look at Emily. “I’m sure these two weeks will be fi-” She started to say until she got a look at side of Emily’s swollen face.

“What?” Emily asked feeling her red puffy cheeks. “Oh no. If I’m like this, you must be dying.” Emily said with a face of sympathy, at least she thought she was showing sympathy through her swollen cheeks. Anna nodded practically in tears as each step towards the door was pure agonizing torture as she felt all of the swelling and rubbing pressing against her underwear. Emily grimaced for her and knocked on the door to her house as they stood awkwardly outside and waited. Soon a smiling woman with long brown hair opened the door to welcome them, but frowned once she took one look at her daughter's face and sighed.

“Emily Ketchum, what in the world happened to your face?” she demanded with hands on hips before standing aside to let the two in.

“Poison Oak.” she answered setting her backpack down and making her way over to the bathroom mirror to see how bad it was after just a few short hours. “Mom! We’ve got a problem.” she yelled from the back of the house until she saw a tall black haired woman come over.

“Good to see you again, Emmy.” She said with a smile as Emily charged her with a hug. “Four months and not a single phone call!” She tsked.

“Rachel!” she said happily as the woman wrapped her in her arms and squeezed her.

“What in the world have you been rolling in?” Rachel said examining the girls swollen face before sighing. “Good thing your mom kept your plants alive.”

“We have a bigger problem than me.” Emily said bringing Rachel over to Anna who was doing everything in her power to keep from crying out in pain.

“You too?” Rachel asked seeing the pained expression on the taller brown haired girl. Anna just nodded her head and kept gritting her teeth as her lower regions burned in pain. “Where? I don’t see it.” Emily whispered something in Rachel’s ear as Rachel grimaced. “Ohh, you poor thing.” she said taking Anna by the hand and leading her into Emily’s room as Emily followed behind until Rachel suddenly shoed her out and closed the door on her.

“Alright, dear, I’ll try to make this as painless as possible.” She said going into the closet and spreading out a blanket to cover the bed. “Strip and lie down.” Rachel said slipping on a pair of latex gloves.

“Umm,” Anna said awkwardly having suddenly found herself in such an odd position.

“It’s okay, I’m a nurse at the clinic here in town. I just want to see how bad it is, may I do that?” Rachel asked trying to calm the 20 year old girl down. Anna nodded a little more relieved that she knew who this strange lady was who suddenly ordered her to take off her clothes.

“Everything?” Anna asked as Rachel nodded her head as Anna began unbuttoning her blouse as she heard Emily and the other lady talking outside the room. She tried to bend in order to take off the rest but found she couldn’t.

“It’s okay.” Rachel said holding her shoulders and helping her onto the bed. “Just lay back; I’ll get it. Your clothes need to be washed as soon as possible anyway.” Rachel said as she removed Anna’s skirt and panties making Anna wince in pain from the cold air. “Oh!” she said noticing the swelling right away.

“It burns.” Anna moaned.

“Hmm. You’ll need to see the Dr.” Rachel said barely touching the inside of the girls thigh before she winced in pain. “I’m going to have Emmy make some poison cream for the both of you. She’s good with berries.”

“Heh, I noticed.” Anna said as she turned her head suddenly noticing an entire section of the room dedicated to dozens of various berry shrubs and flowers.

“She likes plants.” Rachel explained. “If you’re going to have some kind of poisoning you’ve actually come to the right place.”

“Can I come in?” Emily shouted from the other side of the door. “It is my room.”

“Give your friend some privacy, I’m examining her right now. “ Rachel yelled back as she opened up what appeared to be a giant first aid kit.

“Only I get to, umm, never mind.” Emily said realizing what she was about to say as Anna covered her mouth to keep from laughing as Rachel looked confused before turning back to the girl on the bed.

“No no no! Don’t touch!” Rachel said pulling out a pair of mittens and putting them on Anna’s hands. “It’s on your hands too, if you touch yourself you’ll only spread it.” She explained going back to the first aid kit. “Here’s what I can do right now.” she said holding up a white tube of cream. “If you're okay with it, I can rub this into your skin and it will help with the burning.” she said. “Once Emily’s done with the poison cream I can rub that on too. If you’re not comfortable with that option I can take you to the clinic tomorrow and wait for an appt, but like I said, I’m the nurse there and it will still be me rubbing it in.” Rachel explained. “The only difference will be $150 and a change of scenery.”

“Go ahead,” Anna whispered as her face flushed red. “Please.”

“Good choice.” Rachel said as she began grabbing a few wet wipes. “Alright, hun, I need you to open up your legs as much as you can.” Anna closed her eyes while inwardly groaning in embarrassment before doing what the nice lady said as she slowly spread her legs out giving Rachel a good look at everything. “I wish there was something I could do about that swelling though.” she said looking between the girls legs. “I’m sorry, this is going to sting, but I need to clean the area.” Rachel explained as she gently began wiping the the girls privates clean along with the insides of her legs and butt as Anna moaned and thrashed in pain. “I’m sorry I had to do that.” she apologized before tossing the wipes in the trash. “This hopefully won’t feel so bad.” Rachel said as she squirted the rash cream in her latex covered hands and began rubbing them together before applying it to the insides of Anna’s legs and privates.”

Emily stood on the opposite end of the door listening to Anna’s yells and cries of anguish until she couldn’t take it anymore. Ignoring Rachel’s protests from earlier, she barged in closing the door behind her and made her way over to Anna’s side.

“I thought I told you to wait outside!” Rachel barked holding up one of Anna’s legs in the air as she rubbed lotion on her inner thigh and butt cheek. “Get out! How’d you like it if you were in this position?”

“She can stay.” Anna moaned through clenched teeth while she continued whimpering in pain with every area Rachel touched. “Nothing she hasn’t, ugh, seen before.”

“It wasn’t so, uh, swollen before.” Emily said grimacing as she stole a quick glance.

“Don’t stare.” Rachel said hitting her upside the head.

“It’s kinda funny since I was doing something similar to her when we first met.” Anna said biting down. “I was a ugh, intern, and she was a patient at the hospital.”

“You’re a nursing student?” Rachel asked as her eyes lit up. “Wait, Emmy, when were you in the hospital?” she said turning her attention to the girl trying to slink away.

“It was a while ago; it was nothing.” Emily said quietly looking away.

“You.” Rachel said turning her head back to the naked girl on the bed. “What was she in for?”

“I, um, don’t remember.” Anna said panicking at being put on the spot and not wanting to to get Emily in trouble.

“That’s too bad. Here I am rubbing lotion on some strangers butt free of charge on my day off…”

“Kidney infection! They gave her a diuretic and had me diaper her for two days!” Anna blurted out.

“Good girl.” Rachel said patting Anna’s leg as Emily grumbled something that sounded like traitor. “Alright, you’re all lotioned up. Just take it easy and hang out on the bed while Emily fixes up some cream. I’ll come back and apply it once she’s done.” Rachel said as she pulled out a light blue sheet from the closet and spread it over Anna to cover her up.

“Thank you.” Anna muttered blushing. “I am really sorry about this.”

“I’m sorry we had to meet this way.” Rachel said packing up her first aid kit and tossing her gloves. “My name is Rachel Oak by the way.”

“You’re not Emily’s mom? You look so much alike.” Anna commented looking at the two of them standing side by side.

“My mom’s in the living room with my little attention whore.” Emily said as she opened the door.

“I heard that!” Namine shouted through her bark.

“Rachel’s like my second mom.” Emily explained resting her head on Rachel's shoulder. “Oh, right, this is Anna. She’s my, um.”

“Room mate.” Anna said helping her out. “We kept in touch once she was released from the hospital so my aunt, nurse Joy, assigned her to my room once she got accepted into the nursing program at the pokemon center.

“I’m impressed. You changed her diapers AND you were willing to be seen with her in public afterwards?” Rachel teased. “Have we met before; you look awfully familiar.” Anna shrugged her shoulders and looked away. “Well anyway, I need to ask you a few personal questions to start a medical chart for you, so if at anytime you feel uncomfortable please don’t hesitate to ask this one to leave.” she said playfully poking Emily in the side with her pen while she was bent over collecting various berries and leaves in a bowl.

“It’s fine. I doubt you could embarrass me anymore than I’ve already embarrassed her.” Anna said as she watched Rachel pull out a clipboard and some forms. “I’m sure she’s enjoying this.”

“Is that a challenge?”

“Have you been using my room as your office?” Emily asked as she looked around at all the medical equipment noticing it looked more like a Dr.s Office than her bedroom.

“Yes. “ Rachel said pulling up a chair by the bed while ignoring Emily’s complaints. “Can I get your full name, dear?” She asked as she readied her pen to write down the girls response. Anna bit her lip anxiously as she mumbled it. “What was that?”

“Annabella...Silph” she added as Rachel motioned with her palm to continue.

“Ann-a-bell-a Sil-” Rachel repeated as she wrote it down until the color slowly drained from her face as she looked up carefully eying the girl in bed. “Did... you say ‘Silph’?” Rachel asked as her movement suddenly became nervous. “As in…”

“Yes.” Anna said with a sigh. “Silph as in Silph Co.” she mumbled as she heard a sudden sharp exhale as she looked up to see Rachel as white as a ghost.

“A-a-and h-ow” she stuttered before pulling herself together. “How do you know Emily?”

“I met her about four months ago in the forest. I took her back to the Cerulean pokemon center with me because she was running a fever. I ended up being assigned as her sitter and we’ve been close friends ever since.” Anna explained noticing the sudden change in the woman’s demeanor.

“And you’ve never met her before then?” Rachel asked trying to appear calm.

“I thought I did at first, but, I guess I mistook her for someone else.” Anna said shrugging before she winced at trying to move her legs. Rachel suddenly snapped out of her strange mood once she saw the look of pain and discomfort on the girl’s face.

“Try not to move, dear, I know it itches.” Rachel said suddenly coming back to her senses. “Sorry about that, I-I don’t know what got over me. Anyway, do you have an emergency contact? A parent?”

“My aunt I guess. Nurse Joy of Cerulean City.”

“And does Nurse Joy have a name?”

“Helen Darent.” Anna said as Rachel’s eyes went wide as a large grin spread across her face.

“Helen Darent is your aunt? I went to school with her almost 18 years ago. We were roommates too! Wow, so she made it… Anyway, right, your chart let’s see. How old are you?”

“20.”

“Any possibilities of this being an STD?” Rachel asked looking up to see the uncomfortable expression on Anna’s face. “I did warn you these were going to be personal.”

“Heh, not a problem, no not an STD,” Anna said glancing at Emily’s mouth trying not to laugh as the Poison Oak rash had spread mimicking herpes.

“Any chance you might be pregnant?”

“Nope.”

“Surgeries?”

“Five years ago I had surgery on my leg from a compound fracture from a... car accident.” Anna said softly as Rachel inhaled sharply again.

“Well, that’s all I need to know. I’ll submit this to the clinic first thing in the morning.” Rachel said as she stood up. “Let me know when you’re done with that, Emily, and I’ll come back and apply it to the both of you.” She said before giving Anna one last nervous glance before leaving the room and closing the door behind her. The girls exchanged glances before Emily went back to mashing the ingredients together in a bowl.

“What’s with all the plants in here?” Anna asked after they sat quietly for a few minutes.

“I liked collecting berries, I find their healing properties fascinating so I studied them and came up with various remedies for different illnesses. This is for plant rash poisoning and animal bites; it also works as a non-burning disinfectant.” Emily explained crushing the ingredients together using a mortar and pestle. Anna just blinked in response as she wondered why this even still surprises her anymore. “I need another bowl.” Emily mumbled as she got up and began rummaging in the closet. Emily let out a yell of surprise when a shelf collapsed on her knocking down several boxes and scattering them across the room.

“You okay?” Anna asked.

“Yeah” Emily mumbled as she swore underneath her breath and chased after the boxes stacking them back in the closet. “Ugh.”

“You missed one.” Anna said pointing to one by the bed as Emily picked it up and moaned as pictures began falling out. Kneeling down Emily began scooping them up and putting them back in the box. “Are those pictures of you?” Anna asked as Emily nodded. “Can I see them, please?”

“Sure.” Emily said handing her the shoebox as she went back to what she was doing occasionally looking up whenever Anna made out an “Aww.”

Anna giddily went through picture after picture until she came upon a small book hiding underneath all the photo’s. Looking up to make sure Emily was distracted she pulled it out and opened it revealing it be a diary. Jackpot Anna thought as she opened the first page and began reading occasionally smiling at all of Emily’s blunders she had recorded in it’s pages. “Just as easily embarrassed and fun to pick on back then too.” she laughed until she got to the parts about bottle feeding. “Now we’re getting to the good stuff.” Soon the pages contents began growing darker and harder to read as the authors health had begun to decline until soon Anna couldn’t make heads or tails of it. “How weird” she mumbled getting Emily’s attention.

“What’s up?” She asked.

“Just reading your old diary.” Anna said with a smirk knowing she was in for trouble as she saw Emily’s face scrunch in confusion.

“I never kept a diary.” Emily said coming over to examine it. “That’s weird. I don’t remember writing any of this. I must have been really little, it’s all scribbles.” she said handing it back after looking at a few pages in the middle. “Well I’m going to go tell Rachel the creams ready.” Emily said getting up to leave. Anna picked the diary back up as she flipped through page after page of scribbles over lapping each other until she got to the back and a few things were taped inside. Anna carefully undid them pulling it out to examine the contents. The first thing was an old photograph of a smiling black haired woman who laid exhausted in a hospital bed holding two babies.

Is that Rachel? She wondered as she stared at the photo before flipping it over to the back as it read “Emily and Amy.” Wait, Didn’t she just say she WASN’T Emily’s mom? No… it was Emily that had said she wasn’t her mom, but if one of the babies was Emily who was Amy? This wasn’t making sense! Why would Emily lie about who her birth mom was? According to this picture, and the similarities between the two, clearly Rachel was Emily’s biological mother...unless Emily didn’t know.

Also according to this picture, Emily had a twin sister, Amy. She had never mentioned she had a sister before. Was it possible this was the big secret? Had she stumbled upon it so fast? If Emily had health problems, what if Amy had as well? Emily said she hadn’t kept a diary, but here was one detailing the life of a sick 10 year old girl...What if...Amy didn’t make it. Whoever wrote this diary was clearly becoming more and more impaired as time went on. Was this Amy’s diary Anna wondered as she set the picture down before turning her attention to the folded up piece of paper.

Anna carefully un-taped it revealing it to be Emily’s Birth Certificate along with a similar official looking paper. She noticed right away on the birth certificate that it indeed did not say “Emily Ketchum” but “Emily Oak.” The next piece of paper began to fill in some of the pieces as it detailed Emily’s adoption by Delia Ketchum as her last name was legally changed from “Oak” to “Ketchum”. “Who or where is that other baby!” she muttered getting frustrated as she turned to the last page as her hands began to tremble and sweat as she read it’s contents. “I-I don’t understand!” Anna whispered as chills ran up her back as she read the last paper:

Emily Ketchum

1999-2011

COD: Poisoning

*048*2015-05-28 15:02

{{:

Wh-Why does it end already?! Why couldn't it be finished by the time I started reading it. T_T I'm going to be anxiously awaiting another chapter now forever. XD Gosh, good job writing this. I haven't been so attached to a story in a while.

}}

Thank you :D it could be worse though... Getting hooked on a story and getting excited for a new chapter then looking at the date the last chapter was published and realizing it was three years ago... >.<

