Urine Trouble! - Fairly Oddparents Fanfic

Author: maddjunkie

*000*2013-09-30 20:15

Every now and then I skim the request thread and try out things I find in there. Vexer6 brought up "Timmy humiliates Vicky by wishing for her to wet herself." and I did a quick little thing about that. Ahahaha there's a bit more desperation than what was probably wanted but I do love it so....

“Ugh!” Ten year old Timmy Turner slammed his bedroom door shut, screaming over the sound of his baby-sitter’s screeching laughter. Yet again, Vicky had cruelly tortured Timmy, setting his clothes on fire and then charging people to peep at his nude body through the window. From out of their fishbowl, Timmy’s fairy godparents appeared, kindly poofing a new outfit onto the boy and attempting to comfort him.

“I’m sick and tired of Vicky always embarrassing me!” Timmy stomped his foot on the ground, frustrated beyond belief.

“It’s too bad you can’t embarrass her, eh Timmy?” Cosmo chirped from his position on the bed, chewing on the end of his wand dumbly and hardly paying his wife any attention.

“Yeah if only there was some way I could get back at her for everything she’s done. But I’m just a kid what can I d-…” Realization seemed to dawn on him and Timmy slapped his forehead. “Doy, I have fairies!” Grinning wickedly, Timmy turned to face Wanda who was already raising her wand in preparation. Though she fixed the young boy with a disappointed look, she didn't say anything. Sometimes there was just no reasoning with the kid.

“I wish that Vicky really had to pee but couldn’t use the toilet!” Nervous but without much choice, Wanda gave a low sigh shook her head as she granted his wish. A small puff of smoke appeared and the usual fanfare of a wish come true bellowed in the small bedroom. Once she had finished, Wanda wagged a finger at the boy, chastising him.

“Just for the record, this is going to be a terrible idea.” And with that Wanda grabbed Cosmo by the arm and forced him to go back with her to their fishbowl home. Shrugging off the pink haired woman’s concerns, Timmy eagerly hurried downstairs to catch sight of Vicky. By now his wish should be having an effect on her and he didn’t want to miss a second of it.

###

Wiping the sweat from her brow, Vicky finally felt her laughter dying down. Today was definitely a good day. Humming to herself, she thumbed idly through the money she had collected for her little show. As usual making a fool of Timmy Turner made her a richer lady. She’d made a pretty penny from what she could tell so far but something was distracting her…as she continued counting her foot started tapping at the ground repeatedly. By the time she had finished up and pocketed the wad of bills, Vicky could feel herself shifting from side to side. Furrowing her eyebrows in confusion but shrugging off the mysterious sensation, Vicky sat herself down on the couch and flicked on the tv.

Hiding from the lanky redhead while she was so distracted wasn’t much of a challenge for the tiny ten year old. From his spot on the staircase, Timmy could see everything; the way Vicky sat with her legs crossed tight, foot jiggling restlessly while she changed the channels. She squirmed on the couch, biting her lip multiple times and swearing softly but still made no move to go to the restroom. Even when she began bouncing in her spot, Vicky didn’t bother getting up. Timmy watched as his babysitter shoved one of her hands between her legs, squeezing her thighs together while she continued to bounce. She muttered under her breath, still swearing but softer this time as she grew more desperate to pee.

Letting out a frustrated groan, Vicky stood up from the couch and almost immediately bent over forward. Her other hand joined the first between her legs as she clutched herself tightly, grinding against her fingers. A slew of little gasps and sighs left her lips, and even as her stomach felt bloated and full Vicky couldn’t figure out what was wrong with her.

And then suddenly there was warmth between her slender legs. Where her panties were pulled tight across her crotch, liquid was dribbling out and staining the pastel pink material. Standing up straight, Vicky shoved her legs together, knees bumping painfully into each other, and clenched her muscles. It took a few seconds to stop the leak but once she was sure she had things under control Vicky cautiously opened her legs. Peeking down to assess the damage she let out a small sigh of relief. There was no visible stain between her legs but now her slightly damp panties were rubbing against her, making things worse.

Pacing around the living room in awkward, jerky steps, Vicky racked her brain for a solution. More than once she paused to cross her legs, groaning as she did so. Despite crossing her legs and grabbing herself, she could feel herself starting to dribble again. Warm pee trailed down her thighs, coming in short spurts that Vicky tried and failed to stop. The tall teenager stood with her legs tightly pressed together, feeling her pee come out in faster and faster bursts.

Her mouth opened wide as she watched, dumbfounded, while she pissed herself. It soaked down her legs, the stain only somewhat visible on the black fabric of her pants, and gathered in a growing puddle under her shoes. But the sound of pee dripping on the floor and hissing through her panties and pants was loud and clear and a dark blush crept up on the redhead’s face as she wet herself. Timmy watched with wide eyes at the way the crotch of Vicky's pants darkened slowly, then the legs, and finally the way pee poured from the leg holes onto the floor.

It took a bit longer than Timmy had expected but the horrified look on Vicky’s face made up for it. He almost wished he had a camera nearby to capture the look forever. He was about to rush downstairs to laugh at Vicky when the front door opened with a bang and his parents excited chatter died down to a low gasp. As the two parents stormed up to Vicky, her stream died down to a trickle and she nervously tried to laugh off what they had seen.

“Mr. and Mrs. Turner…ahah what are you guys doing back so soon…” Her voice trailed off as Timmy’s mom gestured wildly towards Vicky’s pants and the tiled flooring.

“Vicky! What on earth happened?” Opening and closing her mouth repeatedly, Vicky tried to stammer out an answer. To explain that for some reason she just couldn’t get to the bathroom but the only sound that came out was a whine. She turned to face both parents, shoes splashing in her puddle, but was cut off by Timmy’s father raising a hand to her face.

“I don’t think we need someone like you watching over Johnny-”

“Timmy.”

“Noggy. I think it’s time for you to go Vicky.” Sniffling in humiliation and too tired to fight, Vicky lowered her head and sloshed through her puddle towards the door. Her now cold pants clung to her skin uncomfortably and the fact that she’d have to walk home in her damp pants made her feel even worse than the fact she’d be losing out on tons of money from the Turners. Cheering silently from his position, Timmy watched the evil redhead trudge out of his house. Until the tell-tale sound of a small explosion and a puff of smoke appeared by his side. Floating by his head, Wanda placed a gentle hand on his shoulder and whispered hurriedly.

“Timmy if your parents never hire Vicky again your life won’t be so awful and they’ll take us away!” Timmy let out a loud sigh but nodded his head, looking to his two fairies.

“Yeah yeah I get it…I wish none of this ever happened and no one remembered it.” Before Timmy could even blink his eyes, Vicky was back in her seat on the chair laughing viciously at something on the tv and no longer in wet pants. His parents, the puddle, and any evidence of the day’s events were gone and wiped from memory. He still didn’t think it was fair but at least for a little bit he’d managed to get back at Vicky…he felt a smile tugging at his lips as he followed Cosmo and Wanda back to his bedroom. At least there weren’t any rules against doing this again…

*002*2013-09-30 23:48

Ah yes I think I could do something with those two!

