Liz and brian (realistic fiction)

Author: Kate Kate

*000*2017-08-16 22:45

This is my first time writing fiction and it will be realistic but not too realistic. that means that everything here is possible even if unlikely. some things are based on other things i've read here such as barry's stories about shelly. as i think i've mentioned before my favorite kind of omorashi is when its done innocently so there will be a lot of that and not really and not really forced. the story will begin when they were younger like 12ish and go until they are in the early 20's. please let me know what you think. this is based on fantasies i've been having for years now that will be compiled into one series. these stories will be from brians perspective unless told otherwise. now enough with the intro let me begin

The summer when i was 12 is when i met one of my closest friends; liz. it was a warm sunny day and i was hanging out in my front yard reading a book when i first saw the moving truck come into the driveway. i lived in a quiet town in northern california so most people knew each other so when i saw a girl my age come out, i went over to meet her. she was white but tannish and tall for her age and for a girl but still shorter than me. she wasn't so developed but not underdeveloped for a 12 year old. i introduced myself and she told me her name was liz and that was kind of it. it was kind of awkward and she went inside.

Later when my parents found out about our new neighbors they invited the whole family for dinner one night to meet. While the parents were talking about "adult stuff" me and liz went to the couch to just hang around.

We were both on the phone before i tried again to start up a conversation. this time it worked a little better and we talked mostly about where she was from and what the town was like. i invited her outside to keep talking as my parents loved to blast the ac on inside and even though it was summer it was way too cold inside. as we walked out i kind of noticed a skip in her step like something was bothering her. we sat down on the grass outside and kept talking. almost randomly she interrupted the conversation and said do you have a bathroom anywhere. i answered that we had one inside right up the steps and to the left. she got up quickly squeezing her thighs together and ran in then slowed down before going inside like she was embarrassed and walked normally up the stairs...

I dont have time to continue right now but i will continue later tonight with the juicy part of this first chapter. (if there is a way to save this as a draft please lmk because that would be helpful in the future)

*003*2017-08-17 02:29

... went into the bathroom and before long i was able to hear the hiss of her peeing from outside. when she came out she was kind of standing awkwardly and asked me to show her to my room. she added that she didn't want to go back downstairs or outside so i agreed. i took her to my room and offered her a chair but she refused so i asked her why but she just said i don't feel like sitting. i was showing her something when i noticed a wet patch on the back of her jeans. I asked her if she peed a little in her pants and if that was why she didn't want to sit. she shyly nodded yes. "don't worry i have little leaks all the time" i responded. that kind of cheered her up. she revealed to me that she got to the bathroom in time but had trouble opening her button under pressure. i told her again its ok and that it would be our little secret and no one would know.

We moved on from that for a while and started talking about other but eventually i asked her why she waited until the second to ask me. she answered that she has a very weak bladder and that she only has a few minutes to get to the bathroom after she gets the first urge till when it starts to get desperate and she was embarrassed to ask until she was really desperate. i lit up when i heard this because i thought that i was the only one like that. i hid that fact from everyone including my parents out of embarrassment. i told her that that happens to me all the time too. i told her that she was the first person that i ever told including my parents.

She asked me what i did if i ever leaked since i said it happens often. i answered that i just hide it in the bottom of the laundry basket. she told me that her parents know and don't mind. then she leaned down and whispered in my ear "let me tell you a secret". kind of excited and fascinated i asked what. she said that sometimes if she's outside and wearing a skirt and she needs to pee she'd just let it go since anyway it won't get her skirt wet and show and she could just blame it on her urges. now even more fascinated i said "that pretty cool since you don't always have to go in to the bathroom you can let it go wherever. she answered that she will only just let go by herself outside in a skirt so its not so common. i don't believe you i said. tomorrow come over and wear a skirt and show me.

To be continued...

Any suggestions and comments are welcome including constructive criticism

*006*2017-08-20 03:43

The next day liz showed up wearing a sky blue skirt. I let her in and winked and asked her if she wanted to go to the backyard. she smiled and answered yes. We went out back and I whispered "are you going to pee?" and the liz grinned and answered no.

"why not" I asked?

"because I already did" liz smirked.

"but you just got here" I said.

"well I was drinking a lot all day and holding so that I would have to pee and be able to show you but before I came I had an accident and it just came out"

"liar" I said "you were probably lying about the whole thing."

"I'm not lying," she answered " I left my panties on they are still wet. I can show you."

"you don't care if I see your panties" I asked.

"not really, it's like seeing me in my bathing suit" she answered. liz lifted up her skirt and sure enough her blue cotton panties were undeniably soaked.

"wow you really had a big accident" I said.

"my parents got mad this time though"

"how come I asked" I asked "don't your parents know you have a problem and have accidents sometimes?"

"well this time it was inside and close to the toilet and they saw me holding it in"

"are you going to get in trouble" I asked

"i heard my parents saying they are thinking about putting me in diapers because of it"

"wow that's really harsh" I said

"well I don't really care because I'm already wearing in the night and it means I get to pee whenever I want"

"well I guess that's a good way to look at it"

"i got my diapers in the night because when I was younger I was too lazy to get out of bed sometimes so I just peed there and said I couldn't control it. after I did that a few more times my parents decided they should get me diapers. now I use them every night. most of the time I'm awake and just don't want to get out of bed but sometimes it happens in my sleep. I guess my body just got used to it."

"that's actually pretty lucky. I have to get up every night in the middle of the night to use the bathroom."

"i actually have to pee again already" she said "should I hold it or let it out since my panties are wet already"

"you know what I said let's have a contest who can hold it in longer. I have to pee a little bit but I'm going to hold it in. I'm going to take my shorts off and be just in my underwear so I have to clean less. do you care I asked. "

"no I don't care" she answered "besides you already saw my underwear so we'll be even that way"

"okay lets go get some bottles of water" I said "my parents will be home at 6 so if at 5:#0 neither of us peed we both have to pee ourselves"

To be continued...

*007*2017-08-20 03:43

I want to know whats better the paragraphs like the first two or the dialogue

