The Wild Tempest - Page 2

Author: OmoCommando

*025*2013-03-09 08:29

No one's trapped anywhere. They're in the hall and can travel anywhere, save for individual rooms which are currently locked by level 3 security. Only Jenni has the capability to crack level 3 but she has stated "it can only be unlocked from deck operations." (point 3 on map).

If there are particular terms you do not understand, I am happy to clarify. You may not be the only one.

I am sorry if you think vampire was the better story but it was intended to be childish and basic, to see if people would like the idea of an interactive story at all. I did not give a lot of thought into plot or setting for that story. Tempest is science-fiction, and requires a higher degree of depth and complication. I'm not trying to make it like star trek, but neither is it like Halo.

*029*2013-03-09 22:30

Squad Status:

Isabel (you): Fine

Michelle: Fine

Jenni: Fine

Carly: Wounded

Equipped Weapon: AR6L (39/40 shots)

_____

You give the most annoyed look at your squad mates. You take a deep breath and...

“What the hell, Blue team? You’re putting your bladders on priority over the mission!? We haven’t even secured this floor, let alone the whole ship! Quite frankly, someone could pop you right in the head just as you’re peeing!” Michelle, Jenni, and Carly softly sink in place during your quiet rant. “If the lot of you forgot to go before we started this mission, too bad! Your comfort and dignity do not take priority here!” You look each of them sternly in the eye. “Is that clear?”

Each woman stands to attention. “Yes ma’am!”

“Now move forward! Keep watch for hostiles. Jenni, you take point.”

You and your team move along the darkened hallways until you reach deck life support.

“How’re you holding up, Carly?” You ask.

“Don’t worry about me, captain. I’m built like a tank.”

You nod in response, but Carly has been known to put on the tough routine before. The extent of her injuries were difficult to determine, but frankly, only she could be the judge of that.

Rather than quarrel with the lieutenant, you decide to press on. Reaching deck 1 could be done through either the port or starboard access ways. Which one... screw it. Left. You always picked left, just because you’re right-handed. It shouldn’t make sense, but it does.

The access way was closed off by a small hatch.

“All right, Jenni. Pop the hatch.”

Jenni shakes her head. “No good, captain. Sealed like every other door on this deck.”

You sigh grumpily. “Fine. Carly, slap a charge on there. Blow it off.”

“Breaching hatch, captain.” Carly removes a small circular device from her belt and sticks it on the hatch lock. “Setting for concentrated, low-power blast... and set. Clear!”

Everyone takes cover around the corner, a few beeps sound followed by a quick, soft explosion. You look around the corner, and the lock is gone. You pull the hatch open easily. “All right, everyone head through and up the ladder.” Jenni heads in first, and you follow closely behind her.

“If I remember the layout of this class of ship, captain.” Jenni says. “This ladder is going to stop around deck 7. Then we’ll have to find a new way.”

“Understood.” You reply.

“What’s on deck 7, Jenni?” Carly asks.

“Science labs, I believe.”

“Science labs?” Michelle scoffs, “On a warship?”

“Tempest isn’t a warship. It’s a deep space research vessel, carrying a lot of classified data. If the rebels or the Empire got their hands on it, the Republic’s security could be severely compromised.” You explain.

It was true. The secrets carried on this ship were of great importance to the government and could mean disaster in the hands of enemies. This ship would have to be destroyed if it could not be recovered.

“Do the labs have bathrooms?” Carly giggles.

“Stow it, Montgomery.”

You finally reach the top of the ladder and get dumped off at deck 7. The hatch out of the passages is already open.

“Jenni, do you see anything?”

Jenni takes a quick look around. “Thermal’s clean, ma’am. No contacts in the immediate vicinity.” Jenni taps her helmet a few times. “However... I’m getting a lot of strange readings from the deck itself. Mostly from the labs.”

“What the hell were they doing here?” Michelle asks.

Indeed, it would seem another mystery is beginning to form. Despite the mission, you couldn’t help but have the need to satisfy your curiosity.

“All right, team. Head for the first lab and secure it.” You head over to the nearest science lab,” exobiology: lab 1”. “Let’s see what creatures theTempest has picked up off of other planets.” Jenni heads over to the door control panel, presses a few keys, and the door slides open. “Michelle, cover me.”

“Got it.” She readies and charges her pistol.

You head in, rifle at the ready.

You see a multitude of transparent containers with various plants and insects inside of them. Strange machinery lined the walls. In the back wall, however, were very large armored containers; one of which appeared to have someone or something trying to break out. The door was weakening and you could hear a terrible roaring sound.

“Michelle, watch that thing, will you?” you order.

You find a gold-lined datapad lying on the table, which usually meant primary or most important notes. You quickly scan the pad and the contents are uploaded to your HUD.

- May 8th: We’ve finished our survey of planet Gamma-Phi 011. Despite the impact of the asteroid, a few plant and animal life forms seem to have survived. Most notably, we’ve picked up a large, silky cocoon. We’re curious what animal this will evolve into and have placed it in one of armored stasis chambers until we can transport it to better equipped facilities.

- May 23rd: Our study of Gamma-Phi 011’s insects is complete. They are a deadly predator with a highly poisonous bite with fangs that can pierce a standard body suit. The poison will become fatal quickly, depending on the current health of the infected person. The occupant of the cocoon seems to be the same creature, only about thirty times larger. As a precaution, we’ve had the medical staff prepare an antidote should someone become bitten by the insects.

Log entries in between were all scientific gibberish, unimportant to the mission.

- August 13th: Something’s wrong. Power to the stasis chamber has failed and whatever creature was in that cocoon we picked up a few months ago has hatched. It now rages against the chamber tirelessly. Security chief has already warned me “If that thing escapes, I’m shooting you first!” I believe her too.

- August 17th: The ship has been boarded by unknown enemies! They seem to have this attack planned out well, as they have released specimens from the other labs to attack the guards. Whoever finds these notes, take care not to let the cocoon creature out! It’s venom- (record ends with sounds of gunfire)

You look over at the chamber. The force inside continued to rage against its prison. You could see the magnetic seals weakening with each hit.

“What is it, captain? What was in that log?” Carly asks.

“Bad news.” you respond. “It looks like the creature in there is some highly dangerous beast.”

The armored door to the chamber then bursts off as the creature makes one last charge. A large, hideous insectoid comes out, it’s fangs dripping with a nasty venom.

>Engage! Open fire!

>Engage! Get a grenade on that thing! (specify squad member and grenade type)

>Michelle, snipe that thing in the _____!

>Jenni, freeze gun!

>Carly, anti-armor launcher!

>Fall back! Seal the lab!

>Other

*032*2013-03-10 02:22

Squad Status:

Isabel (you): Fine

Michelle: Fine

Jenni: Fine

Carly: Wounded

Equipped weapon: AR6L Assault Rifle (39/40 shots)

______

You all begin to fire on the creature, for no doubt it means to kill you.

“Jenni, freeze gun! Now!”

Jenni switches from her rifle to her freeze gun and begins to shoot at the creature. The white bolts strike the bug-like creature in it’s body, but appear to be having no effect. It roars again and starts toward Jenni.

“Try the joints!” You yell.

Jenni aims for the joints of the creature’s legs. It begins to slow down as ice forms around it. Jenni continues firing until her weapon’s energy cell runs dry. Her last shot finally hits the creature in the face.

The bug manages to strike Jenni with one of its massive upper claws, sending her flying across the room. She crashes into a shelf of empty glass flasks and falls to the ground. She is not moving.

Ice begins to solidify around the creature’s joints and face, until it can hardly move. It’s a completely open target.

>Unload on that thing!

>Grenade out! (specify squad member and grenade type)

>Michelle, snipe it in the ____!

>Jenni, freeze gun!

>Carly, anti-armor launcher!

>Fall back! Seal the lab!

>Other

*036*2013-03-10 08:29

Squad Status:

Isabel (you): Fine

Michelle: Fine

Jenni: Wounded

Carly: Wounded

Equipped Weapon: AR6L (22/40 shots)

_____

“Now, Michelle! Blast that thing straight to hell!”

As the head shatters into millions of ice shards, the body falls to the ground in a crumpled heap. It gives only about three twitches until it stops moving completely. You sigh in relief, that was a close battle. It could have gone a lot worse, but your expert judgement and tactical prowess overcame all odds. But... wait. You were forgetting something. Jenni!

“Jenni! You all right?” You run over to your fallen teammate’s side.

Jenni coughs and holds her side. “I’m okay, captain. Nothing broken. A rib, at most.”

You worry about her. She’s clearly not standing straight, but she otherwise appears healthy enough.

“All right everyone, let’s get out of here. We need to-”

A metal object hits the floor next to you. You take a quick look and immediately recognize the cylindrical shape.

“Gas grenade! Get down!”

You and the rest of the team try to move, but you soon find yourselves completely engulfed by a red gas. You begin to cough, your head feels so dizzy and light. You try and reach for your breathing attachment, but your hand cannot find its way to your belt. Your vision blurs heavily, and the next thing you know, you’re kissing the floor.

___

“Ungh....”

Breath begins to return to you. You open your eyes, and find yourself in a holding cell. “What happened?”

“You are my test experiment!” A voice cackles from somewhere outside of you cell. You look through the force field that seals you in to see a very odd man standing outside over a table of many test tubes and chemicals.

“I’m your what?” You ask sternly.

“Don’t you see?” He says in a sly, confident voice. “Your Republic has done a great many experiments to ensure their place in the galaxy. I, Professor Raimus, shall take over what the good navy scientist were doing, in order to further humanity’s advances in the sciences.”

“I’m guessing the fact that experimentation on sapient beings is illegal means nothing to you?” You say.

“Since when is the advancement of humanity a crime?” He says in an almost insane way. “I have worked tirelessly to improve medicines, fight disease, and rid our species of any and all scourges that hinder our survival!” He looks over at you and smiles evilly. “So you and the rest of your team have become test subjects for my first vaccination.”

He holds up a vial of yellow fluid comparable to urine. “It is a special serum, that runs through the blood stream of the human body, and cleanses it of foreign substances. All toxins in your blood will be purged and sent straight to your kidneys!”

“...What?” Your eyes widen.

“Fool woman.” He holds the vial to your face. “This will get rid of all diseases and dangerous bacteria from your body and forward it to your bladder, where you shall then urinate and pass all substances!”

You hand goes straight for your crotch. That yellow stuff makes you pee!

“A-and you’re going to try it on me?” You ask hesitantly.

“I already have.”

Now you feel it. A growing pressure in your bladder. You’re not sure how long you have.

“It’s supposed to make you urinate every 6 hours. I boosted it with the venom from that bug you fought. Well... it’s smaller cousins, at least. Though previous tests indicated that if you are hurt or poisoned, the process speeds up. If you’re dying... well then.”

Wait! That means the antidote that Tempest medical team developed might rid you of this! If you did not cure it, however, you’d be doomed to pee every six hours for the rest of your life possibly!

First things first, though. You had to get the rest of your team out.

“Look, mr. Raimus.”

“PROFESSOR RAIMUS, YOU CHARLATAN!”

“Whatever. I’m sure you think you’re clever, but you obviously have no idea what a commando is capable of.”

You place your gauntlet right next to the force field door of your cell. You press a small button on your wrist, and an electrical charge emits from it. Your secret device for escaping captivity.

“What!?” The mad scientist cries out.

The force field vanishes, and you step out after the man. “C’mere you...

“You’ll never take me! Ah ha ha ha ha ha!” He runs out the door. You pursue, but he is already gone.

“Damn...”

“Out already, Captain?”

You turn around. Your skilled squad are all standing behind you, having already escaped their prisons.

“Excellent job, ladies.”

“What’s our next move, ma’am?” Jenni asks.

“Well... let me first bring you up to speed on what that guy did to us.”

___

You conclude explaining, and shocked looks cover your team’s faces.

“So we’re basically doomed to pee!?” Carly shouts.

“Yes. About every six hours, we will be forced to pee.” You respond. “There will be a percentage marker on your visor that shows how full your bladder is. We’ll... try to find a bathroom before things get that far.”

Squad Bladders:

Isabel (you): 20%

Michelle: 20%

Jenni: 24%

Carly: 27%

Michelle sighs loudly. “This is stupid.”

“What do we do now, boss?” Jenni asks.

>Locate the ship’s medical bay, assemble the antidote.

>Continue with the objective.

>Track down that scientist.

>Other

*039*2013-03-10 21:15

So, just a quick sum-up of the new desperation mechanic:

1: Depending on how much time passes during a segment, the percentage will increase and will be shown by the end. At 100%, the member of Blue Team will forcibly pee herself.

2: Taking the stimulants mixed with water will increase the percentage.

3: Medical Kits will decrease the percentage.

4: The more damage a character has taken, the faster this percentage will accumulate.

5: A properly assembled antidote will permanently rid a character of this problem.

6: An improperly assembled antidote may have a number of adverse effects, including an increase to the percentage, damage, or poison status.

*042*2013-03-11 04:45

Squad Status:

Isabel (you): Fine

Michelle: Fine

Jenni: Wounded

Carly: Wounded

Equipped Weapon: AR6L Assault Rifle (22/40 shots)

___

“All right, let’s find that scientist. Maybe we can get more answers from him, both about the ship and this serum of his.” Says Carly.

You shake your head. “No, Carly. We don’t even know where we are right now, and he probably knows this ship upside and down. We’d be at a huge disadvantage. For now, let’s establish our position and then remake our way to the bridge.”

You step out of the area in which you were held. Looking around, you see several monitors, all offline. A desk, with a lot of datapads and records on it. You then see a wedge on the desk that says “security chief.” You can only conclude that this is the security office.

“So that guy sets up his lab in the detention area so he can experiment on prisoners.” You say to yourself.

“If this is the security office, that means we’re on deck 16, right?” Carly asks.

“Even further from the objective. Great.” Michelle mumbles.

“Never mind.” You say. “Jenni, see if you can pull a map of the deck from the security terminal.”

“Roger.”

You walk over to the desk, to see if the security chief might have left a final log entry. Looking around you find a datapad buried deep within a drawer, as if intentionally hidden. You play the recording.

- Security chief’s log, final entry. We’ve managed to survive this long, but I don’t think we can hold out for much longer. Captain’s dead. Commander’s been taken prisoner. We’re in a bad wake. Don’t know who this group is, or what they want, but they got on board way too easily. They bypassed all my security systems and took over the fighter bay before anyone knew what was happening. If anyone finds this, I’ve hidden a stash of weapons, ammo, and supplies in a concealed panel under this desk. I hope it brings you more luck than I.

You look under the desk and see a suspicious looking hook sticking out of the floor. You tug on it, and sure enough there were a few weapons inside.

You found:

M-15 Burst Rifle, 3 energy cells 2 AR6L energy cells S4L Pistol, 4 energy cells 6 cartridges for a W&T M25 magnum 1 medical kit “Ma’am” Jenni reports. “I’ve recovered a map. This deck is pretty small, it’s mostly all holding cells and contraband storage. There’s one armory, but it’s locked up pretty tight. Other than that, there’s a lift at the end of the hall which will take us up to deck 2, and more maintenance access ways on the other end that lead up Deck 12 and medical facilities.”

So the first thing to do was to decide what equipment you wanted. You could switch your Assault Rifle for the Burst Rifle if you thought it would be more helpful. Same with the S4L pistol for the magnum.

After that, where would be the best place to go next?

___

Squad Bladder Status:

Isabel (you): 21%

Michelle: 21%

Jenni: 25%

Carly: 29%

___

>Deck 12 via maintenance passages

>Deck 2 via lift

>Continue exploring deck 17

>Other

*044*2013-03-11 08:40

{{:

Explore deck 17 some more.

}}

Can I assume you mean to leave all new items where they are?

*049*2013-03-12 02:45

{{:

And if I may ask, will there be yuri in this? Please

}}

I... hadn't planned on it, but I suppose events could possibly lead to an intimate encounter between two members of the squad, provided everyone survives.

I'm really trying not to make this a "fap story" if that makes sense. While there will be desperation and wetting, I don't want my story to come off like my personal sexual fantasy.

