ICarly: Chapter One: The Bus Ride - Page 2

Author: Guest DESPERATIONMAN

*028*2013-06-28 23:24

Chapter 5

Freddy had set up everything in anticipation for the big holding contest. He wanted to make sure viewers missed nothing, so had positioned cameras all across the house, including the bathroom. He had layered the floor with towels to prevent too much cleaning, and he had filled his computer with water sounds if he needed to speed the show up. He had also devised a number of challenges which he would keep secret from the girls. He had asked them to come while needing to pee, so they could empty their bladders live, and make the contest fair. Freddy was really excited about this, he had been having several fantasies about this throughout the week. He wondered how this would change the dynamic within the group further. He secretly hoped it would, as he was starting to find Sam sexually attractive.

The doorbell rang, Freddy ran downstairs in anticipation. Stood on the doorstep was Carly and Sam. Carly was wearing a pink cardigan over a white t-shirt, and you could see her purple bra through it. Freddy wondered if her jeans were hiding panties of the same colour. She had her hands lightly placed on her crotch, and she smiled nervously as Freddy leaned in to hug her, putting pressure on her bladder. Sam meanwhile was wearing a black t-shirt, a short skirt and black tights, and stood there bouncing up and down.

"When are we starting this?" Sam asked, quivering in desperation.

"5 minutes, you both look ready for this!" Freddy gleefully answered.

"I don't see why we have to go to the toilet on camera. Surely they see enough with the holding contest?" Carly asked, hoping for a bit more privacy.

"Gets them onside from the first minute. It's how all good holding contests start... probably." Freddy was keen to cover his tracks. He didn't particularly want them to know that he was really into omorashi now, and had spent the past week pleasuring himself to videos of that nature. Carly would kill him.

Freddy led the girls upstairs, both followed on slowly due to the pressure in their bladders. Carly crossed her legs as she sat down, while Sam opted to stand up with her hand placed in between her legs, while she bent over slightly. Neither of them had been to the bathroom since the morning, so they were both pretty desperate. The three chatted about the webshow for a few minutes, before Freddy got them ready.

"Okay, one minute to go, can you both stand in the middle?" he asked.

Sam kept her legs close together as she moved, while Carly held her hands between her leg.

"Live in 3... 2... 1..." Carly moved her hand from her legs at the last second.

"Hi you're watching iCarly." Sam put on her best fake smile to hide the fact that she was bursting for the loo.

"We've been reading through all your emails, and it seems that you all want us to do a challenge." Carly couldn't help shaking a bit as she spoke.

"And the most common challenge was for us to hold our pee."

"So we've delivered, and today, the show will last until both of us have peed."

"But first, we both kind of have to pee already, so we need to do that before we start. This will be filmed so you can enjoy every minute of the show."

"Wait Sam, who's going to go first?"

"I have a coin here, let's do heads or tails."

"Okay, you call."

"Tails."

Sam tossed the coin in the air. She caught it on a jumper, and hoped it'd say heads. She moved the palm of her hand, and sighed. Tails.

"You win Carls, be quick." Sam grabbed her crotch as she said this.

Carly awkwardly ran to the toilet, begging herself to hold on. She ran inside, quickly pulling her jeans and purple knickers down. She positioned her bottom over the toilet, and tried to let go. It was hard peeing with 1 million people watching though. The pee was desperate to come out, but nothing was happening. Sam banged on the door desperately, before realising Carly had forgotten to lock the door.

"Sorry Carls, I was about to piss myself."

She jumped in the shower and pulled her tights off revealing white panties. She groaned as she peeled them off, and she squatted over the plughole. She released her pee, moaning as she did so. The pee splashed against the glass of the shower, and pooled around the plughole. The sound was enough for Carly, and she relaxed to allow the pee to trickle out of her urethra. The urine splashed against the water in the bowl, and Carly's mouth gaped open in relief. After she finished, she wiped herself and passed the toilet roll to Sam while pulling her knickers and jeans up. Sam did the same, turned the shower on briefly to clean up her mess, and put her pee soaked tissue in the bin. They were now ready to begin this holding contest.

Freddy had laid out a table with two chairs opposite each other, with a large glass of soda for each of them. Carly and Sam both sat down, presuming the seats were laid out for them.

"Okay, so how's this going to work?" Carly asked.

"Well," Freddy used his best gameshow host voice. "Every 30 minutes, you will drink a large glass of soda as quickly as possible. You will have to do some various challenges as selected by the viewers in between this time. This water feature will be running the whole time to make it more difficult, and every 5 minutes, you will hear the sound of a flushing toilet. And this water feature will be running constantly."

Sam and Carly both looked at the water feature Freddy was pointing at. It was just a small fountain, yet it constantly made a tantalising dripping sound, that made you have to pee, even if you'd just been. This would be torture, they both though.

"Okay, we're ready." Sam answered, although she wasn't really.

"Cool, you may start drinking... now!"

Sam and Carly both grabbed their soda, and chugged it down their throats. Halfway through, Carly paused to take a breath, but Sam got it all down with remarkable speed. Carly finished a good ten seconds later, while Sam burped loudly as a result.

"Okay, your first challenge is to talk about the first time you wet yourselves. Sam, you go first."

Sam contemplated it. She had had quite a few accidents in her time, but she couldn't remember which was actually her first

"When I was ten, my whole family went on holiday. I had had loads to drink before we left and it was a five hour car journey. It was about an hour in when I first needed to pee, but my dad told me to hold it. I was desperate half an hour later, and just kept begging my dad to let me go. Eventually, he pulled over at the side of the road, after I told him I was leaking. I tried to make it to the bushes, but as I was getting out of the car, my bladder gave up and I pissed myself. I had to drive all the way there in soaked jeans."

Freddy could barely contain his interest, but he managed to keep calm when he asked Carly.

"I think it was at the start of middle school. I'd heard loads of rumours that all the bullies stayed in the bathroom all day, so I was desperate to stay away from there. It lasted well until the end of the day when I really had to pee. I managed to make it home, but by this stage I was bursting. It was then I realised I didn't have my key, so I had to wait for my brother to get back. Unfortunately he took too long and I wet myself outside the front door."

“Wow.” That was all Freddy could muster. He stayed out of shot to hide his obvious erection from the cameras. The two continued with the show as normal, until half an hour had passed. It was time for some more soda.

“How do you two feel?” Freddy asked.

“Not too bad, I have to pee a little bit though.” Carly replied.

Sam had drunk her drink faster, so it had already been in the bladder for a while.

“Getting a bit desperate now, not going to lie.” Sam crossed her legs at this point.

“Get ready to get a bit more desperate.” Freddy evily grinned.

Once again, the two downed their sodas, and were eager to hear about their next challenge.

“Okay, now you have to sit on the toilet as if you were about to pee, have the tap running, but hold it for 15 minutes.”

“Should be able to do that.” Carly looked confident, although her bladder was filling up faster than she’d have liked.

Sam looked a lot less confident, she was already holding herself, and she looked in dismay as Freddy read the challenge.

“Carly, as you went first last time, Sam will this time.”

“What do I do then?” Carly asked, hoping it’d be something gentle.

“It doesn’t say. Just sit by the water feature.”

“Fine..” Carly grumbled. She was now forced to hold herself to stop any pee leaking out.

Sam wriggled her tights and knickers off, positioned herself on the toilet. She turned the tap on, but had to quickly plug her peehole to prevent pee leaking out. She tried to drown out the sound of running water with her thoughts, but it was no use. This was going to be a long 15 minutes. After 13 minutes of struggling, she was really desperate, and the pee was constantly on the verge of escaping. She gasped as a small spurt of wee threatened to escape

“This is bad Freddy, I’m about to leak.”

“Its Carly’s turn now anyway.”

“Can I pee?” begged Sam.

“No.”

Sam groaned, pulling up her panties and tights. Her bladder was visibly full now, and she wasn’t sure if she could last much longer. Her bladder had already been weakened after earlier, and she was bursting to let it all go. Carly meanwhile was sat next to the water feature, leaning on it with her hands pushed into her crotch. She was now dying for a pee, and wasn’t looking forward to the next 15 minutes. Sam shuffled out of the bathroom, walking in a strange way to Carly’s seat.

Carly’s bladder almost gave up at the sight of the toilet, so she had to try her hardest to complete the challenge. As her bottom touched the seat, she almost started absent mindedly peeing. Instead, she grabbed her peehole and tried her very hardest to hold her urine inside her. It burned her urethra as it begged for escape, but Carly was determined to win the holding contest. Sam meanwhile had her legs tightly crossed, and was constantly holding her crotch. She bounced up and down, whilst begging Freddy to end it.

“Please, I’m going to wee myself.”

Freddy felt his dick harden at this point. “Sorry Sam, we did agree this.”

“Fine,” Sam sighed, whilst checking her crotch for any leakage.

Carly only had three minutes to hold, but she now had to focus her whole mind on not peeing. She had never been this desperate in her life, not even at the cinema. It actually hurt to hold her urine in. She really wanted to beat Sam though, as she had mocked her about her weak bladder recently. After what felt like an eternity, Freddy came in, with 2 glasses of soda and Sam holding her urine in with all her strength. The two winced as they downed their glasses, Carly had to double over to stop herself from wetting her pants. Freddy meanwhile had began to urinate. The steady stream was torture to Sam and she couldn’t help but leak a bit.

“Oh my God, I’m leaking!” she exclaimed. “Why do that?!”

“I was desperate” Freddy winked evily.

The flush made it worse, both girls having to tightly cross their legs.

“Anyway, your next challenge is to do the show as normal, but everytime you hold your crotch, you get tickled for three seconds, and drink soda for five.”

Both gasped at the task. Freddy had also opted to do it right by the water fountain making it even harder. The two held their crotches for as long as they could until the challenge officially started.

“3...2...1... Go”

Sam began speaking, and although Carly was listening, she had almost completely zoned out. Her bladder felt like it was going to explode, the urine was only being held in by her tightly crossed legs. Without really thinking, she stuffed her hand down her crotch as her bladder spasmed again.Freddy began tickling her, and she again had to be alert to stop herself from leaking. However drinking the soda afterwards meant a little trickle of pee escaped. She now stood up, hopping from foot to foot to contain her urine.

As Carly began speaking, Sam felt as though she wanted to cry. She no longer felt the thrill of being close to wetting herself, but felt the pain of a full to capacity bladder. Another spurt leaked out, but there was no stopping it this time. The spurt increased to a trickle, and then a full blown accident, as urine flowed out of Sam’s peehole, through her panties, and showed up on her jeans. Carly ran as fast as she could to the bathroom, knowing she’d won. The sight of the toilet was enough however, and despite getting her jeans halfway down, she just let the rest of her urine out in her knickers.The filming quickly stopped, and Freddy could barely believe what he had just seen. Sam just wept with joy, lying on the floor with piss soaked jeans, while Carly was now on the toilet, releasing the rest of her pee. Freddy knew that at that moment, he was one of the luckiest boys in America.

