Trick or Treat

Author: bes31

*000*2013-10-28 05:43

Since Halloween stories are all the buzz recently, I decided to do an open-source omo story about Halloween. The rules are simple, I write the beginning of the story and then anyone can add the second part. If you want to add a chapter you can.

Some Rules:

1. Replies be at least one paragraph

2. Wait 3 responses before going again

3. Nothing beyond desperation or wetting. Please no CP or Furries and try to limit the amount of diapers.

4. The story can't end on your part, you can have someone piss themselves but force the story on-wards.

Sylvia Crowley was never the one for parties, she was an extrovert in nature. This of course came at her dismay when she was invited to a Halloween party by another girl named Lisa Sutera, complete bitch and a half. She would strut around in some outfit that would be considered slutty, bitch about everything and fuck every boy that came in her path, thought Sylvia. As you can see, Sylvia was not a big fan of parties.

She had her friends, and they were out there. But after 2 hours of horrible dance songs and Halloween outfits, even the strongest get tired. This was true for Sylvia. Sylvia could probably leave this horrible party and do real trick-or-treating, but she was too inclined to stay because she was too tired to do anything else. Besides, the party had punch. Really good punch, strawberry punch that had situated Sylvia to it.

Unknowingly she had been gulping down her fifth cup of the red liquid, her tongue stained the color, and she started to notice a pressure in her bladder. Didn't matter, she knew where the bathroom is. She crossed her legs as she sat in the chair.

"Stop being such a loner sylv." She looked in front of her, it was her good friend Jennifer, Jennifer Burke. Jennifer was an honor student that had grown a liking for Sylvia, though their completely different mind set. Jennifer was into boys, and sex, while Sylvia couldn't care less. You could see, as Sylvia noticed that the pirates outfit she was wearing had been crumpled up by her boyfriend, who was on her chin. No wonder she couldn't find her for the past hour or so.

"No thanks, I am okay."

"Come on Sylv, I'll get you a guy." She doubted it. Sylvia was obviously popular enough to go to one of those things, but she never had a boyfriend. Besides, she ought to get to the toilet soon. Her bladder began to increase dramatically.

Sylvia drank another cup of the punch. I need to stop or I'm going to piss myself Sylvia thought. She crossed her legs the other way. She really had to get to the toilet soon. She wasn't in anything special, just a fifties style dress, something out of Grease. A poodle skirt and a formal blouse, her hair in a bob and glasses on her head. No one could tell her crossing her legs in the dress.

Her bladder was suddenly full. She had to fight not to dance and figured it was good time to use the pot. She walked over to the downstairs bathroom, the line was massive. Some girls desperately needed to pee, like Sylvia, some looked like they were about to barf. She decided not to do any of this and head to the other toilet. I walked through the dance floor, bladder burning.

"Hey Sylv, are you okay?" It was Jennifer, Sylvia turned around again.

"If you call about to piss yourself okay then yeah." Jennifer didn't mind the sass.

"The lines are massive, I'm going to with Lisa to the upstairs bathroom, you wanna come."

"Yeah...sure." She danced a bit. It was a small climb upstairs. She didn't want to be with Lisa, but she did need to pee really badly. She embarked on the stairs with Jennifer and Lisa, who was desperate too it seemed. They got up to the toilets.

"I am dying for a piss. I drank too much punch." Jennifer spoke, she didn't look very desperate but she must have been. She might have been just good at hiding it.

We got to the top, for relief for the odd desperation I had encountered. We got to the bedroom. Lisa opened the door.

"You have been tricked."

