Desperation & wetting at cinema

Author: RoTracksuitWet

*000*2018-01-23 19:05

The following story isn't REAL but I am still including myself in the story! So let's begin!

I was wearing some black Adidas track pants, a white T-shirt with some draws on it and a black Adidas track jacket because it was a bit cold outside, oh and snickers.I was going to watch a movie at cinema, first time I was very thirsty so I ordered a large soda with some popcorn and then I realized I haven't peed for a while and for some reasons I wasn't worried at all. Probably because I didn't feel anything.

I entered the auditorium(the room where you watch the movie) and I was enjoying the movie. I was eating my buttered popcorn, I love this popcorn's flavour(I like this flavour in reality too) and drinking my soda. In the first five minutes I drank 10 ml of soda and suddenly I remember I haven't pee since in the morning so I started to worry but I was trying to concentrate on the movie. In 30 minutes I finished my popcorn and my soda and another minutes(10) later i felt a little ''pain'' in my bladder. 3 hours left until the end of the movie.

Again, i was concentrating on watching the movie without thinking about the urge to pee. But that was not the case, since there were some cutscenes from the film which included water,rivers,waterfalls and so on. 20-30 minutes later, my bladder started to fill up. But I decided to stay there and don't lose any interesting scenes. 2h 30m left. From now I began to squirm,fidget and tapping & rubbing my legs with my hands. The movie was so cool so I didn't want to go until the movie was over. For 35 minutes I started to think about different stuff, this is what I do when I am about to burst. I was feeling like I was at school when the teacher didn't let me to use the toilet. OK so 2h 30m-35m=1h 55m. 1h 55m left.

15 minutes later, I decided to take my pee break, but it looked like i was the unluckiest person in the world. When I was about to get out of the auditorium, I saw a very long line all the way to the restroom, so i came back to my seat, probably i lost something interesting from the film. 10 min. later I said in my mind: "God, why are you doing this to me, I should've gone when I had the chance, why this movie doesn't have commercials, you know like in TV''. Because I was a bit stressed about this afterwards, i got hot so I unzip my track jacket and then I took it off.

For another 30 minutes, same thing. 1 hour left.

I wanted to try to go to the restroom but..... another problem has came up. A big fat guy was sitting in my left and then i said in my mind again:''where the hell did he come from'' and how did he sit here so fast and silent'' cause I didn't hear him. He was sitting on the first chair of the row, and i was sitting on the third one. I saw him he was about to take a nap during the film. But why did I call this situation a problem? Well because he's fat, he streched his feet to the next chair in front, like a train barrier or level crossing. I forgot to mention that his feet were also big so I couldn't jump over his legs. There was another option I can go to the opposite way but the way was at the end like a dead end street, so I was unable to go there.

So there was only one option left: ask him. So I started by first to get up:

Me: Excuse me, dude! Can you put your feet down so I can pass?

Him: (waking up)why?

Me: Because I have to pee so bad since the beginning of the movie.

Him: Sorry dude i'm too lazy, go in the other way

Me: There is a ''dead end street''. don't you see it?

Him: then you should've gone before. So my answer is NO

Me: but I really have to go

Him: I don't care(he came back to sleep)

When I heard him saying this, I was shocked. So i came back to my seat again. This situation took around 20 minutes so 40 minutes left.

So for the rest of the minutes I did the same thing but in a order:1.fidgeting and squirming; 2.tapping my feet; 3.tapping the hand on my legs; 4.holding my crotch; 5.rubbing my thighs with my hands and again from the beginning. I kept doing things for like a half an hour but no chance. So i started to wet myself and I could feel my pee going down my legs until it reaches my feet and my sneakers also. I was shocked again but then I realized that my pants are black. Initially, the soaked spot can be seen for a while(i guess) but after 6 min, it becomes invisible a little bit, so i wasn't worried afterwards. I noticed that the fat guy wasn't here anymore, probably he left before the end of the movie.

The movie was over. When I came back home, i took my pants off and put them in washing machine and I took a shower. I really have to admit that i enjoyed the good relief even though i was in public. THE END OF THE STORY.

I wonder if this is gonna happen tome in the future, like the coincidence between the two ships Titan and Titanic(here's a link:http://newsfeed.time.com/2012/04/14/author-predicts-titanic-sinking-14-years-earlier/

). IT WOULD BE GREAT!!!!!

I hope you enjoyed my ''weird story''. Probably you've never seen stories like this before!

*001*2018-01-24 12:39

The second part will appear coming soon!

*002*2018-01-24 15:43

Sorry for my mistakes:

{{20 hours ago, Răzvan2000 said:

I unzip my track jacket

}}

*unzip UP

{{20 hours ago, Răzvan2000 said:

Tapping the hand

}}

*HANDS

{{20 hours ago, Răzvan2000 said:

Tome

}}

*TO ME

