TAYLOR AND ME (The Long And Short Of It)

Author: frostyjr2

*000*2015-09-27 09:58

Hi folks! i've started working on a shorter piece based on a long standing fantasy of mine; thanks to Pain, who somehow knew about it and suggested we collaborate...

Taylor And Me (The Long And Short Of It)

Pt. 1: The set up

I was having my usual morning coffee and doing my usual bad job of resisting the urge to pee when my cell phone rang with the familiar sound of my Shake It Off ringtone.

I knotted my legs together and squirmed in place as i answered, hoping that i'd be able to end the call quickly and make it to the bathroom in time.

"Yo, Frostygirl, wassup?"

Even without checking the caller ID, I'd have known who it was instantly both by his accent and from what he'd called me.

It was my friend Joe. We'd gone to school together, but he'd moved to LA and become a successful sound engineer while i was still on the East Coast, a struggling musician.

I was in a band, but we were just another one out of thousands of bands that were trying to make a name for themselves; like all the rest, we rehearsed, fought with each other and played the occasional low-profile low paying gig.

It wasn't happening enough to pay the rent, though. So i had to find a job that did.

In other words, i was a waitress.

Joe, on the other hand...

"So, how's the biz been treating you?" he asked.

"Bout the same as always," i replied, shrugging my shoulders as if he could see me through the phone.

"Don't worry, you're a great guitar player. Someday the right person will see that, and you'll be playing in front of thousands of people before you know it!"

I squeezed my knees together even more tightly. Just the thought of it filled me with the sheer terror of stage fright. It was hard enough for me to play to an audience of a couple of dozen bar patrons who were basically just drinking and ignoring us while waiting for the headlining act to hit the stage.

I look up, i see people, i get flustered and start making mistakes... every time.

And then it gets worse from there...

"Joe, you know that's never going to happen, and you know the reasons why, too!"

"Yeah, I know. I was just teasing you, sorry."

Joe's like my big brother, the one i never had. He used to tease me all the time back when we were in school, but he always looked out for me and wouldn't let anyone else make fun of me.

"That's OK, no big... i should be used to it by now," i said with a laugh.

"Anyhow, the reason I'm calling is because I'm in town with one of your faves doing a special small venue show tonight as a prelim to the upcoming tour, and I thought you might want to come down and watch me work."

Now, besides stage fright, i also have agoraphobia. Crowds and uncontrollable social situations give me panic attacks, which is not the best combination for a performer of any kind. In fact, i really don't leave the house much unless it's to go to work, rehearsal or a gig.

So i already knew i wasn't going to go, but i figured i'd ask anyway.

"Who is it this time?"

"Oh, just Taylor Swift..." he said matter of factly.

"OMG!"

I Think Joe would have heard my girly screams and squeals from across the river even without the phone.

"OMG, Taylor Swift, no way! OMG!!!!"

I started jumping up and down while i kept repeating it, and i could hear Joe laughing on the other end of the call.

"Yeah, it's a private show, but I can get you backstage if you want to come and you can watch the whole thing from where I'm doing the stage sound mix..."

I just kept saying the same things over and over, and between being so excited and already having to go, i actually wet myself a little right then and there; i couldn't help it, and i didn't care either.

For Taylor Swift, i would do anything.

No question, i was going to go.

I was going to get to see my idol, and i wouldn't even have to brave the crowds to do it.

To be continued...

*005*2015-10-04 12:23

Thanks for the kind comments, my friends!

Here's the 2nd installment:

Taylor And Me (Pt. 2)

No Choice In The Matter

Later that evening, i was still very excited but as the reality of what i was about to do began to sink in, i could feel my nervous anxiety beginning to rise as well.

Even if it was going to be a small private show, there would still be quite a lot of people around, people i didn't know. Important, stylish, cool people. Industry heavyweights, maybe other stars... OMG, what had i gotten myself into?

As i was rummaging around in my closet for something suitable to wear, all of a sudden i felt a wave of desperation coming on. When i get really nervous like that... ummm.

I guess i might as well say it.... i tend to have accidents. Yes, panic attacks make me lose control of my bladder, and i actually pee my panties just like a little two year old girl.

Wave, that was an understatement; it was more like a veritable tsunami, and i barely made it into the bathroom in time before i was totally wetting myself, peeing right through my white cotton lace trimmed floral pattern panties because i hadn't had enough time to pull them down as i hurriedly sat on the toilet.

As i soaked myself, i could feel the warm wetness spreading out from my crotch and wicking up the rear of my undies to dampen my backside, accompanied by the hissing sound of my pee as it squirted through my panties and the splash of it hitting the water beneath me.

My breathing was coming short and fast and i had to make a determined effort to keep from hyperventilating, counting slowly in my habitual calming routine to get my emotions back under control, if not my poor bladder; that battle had already been lost now.

Once the flow had stopped and i regained a bit of my composure, i went to find my gf Norah.

She was getting dressed in the bedroom and when i told her i was thinking of canceling, that i was going to call Joe back and tell him i couldn't make it after all, she wouldn't hear of it.

She insisted i go and told me in no uncertain terms that if i didn't, i would be regretting it one way or another.

Her purposeful glance over towards the paddle she always keeps hanging on the bedpost left no doubt as to at least one way i'd be regretting it if i decided not to go. If i couldn't behave like an adult, she'd punish me appropriately... she'd put me over her knees and spank me like a little girl. OMG... i usually wet myself then, too.

There were tears in my eyes at that point, but i knew there was no use in arguing with her since we both knew it was for my own good that she was pushing me out of my shut-in comfort zone.

So instead, i begged her to come with, but she just laughed and said she wasn't the one that Joe had invited. She wasn't mad for Taylor Swift the way i was; she preferred to listen to jazz and her Brazilian samba and bossa nova, and she had to work at the restaurant that evening anyhow.

So i was on my own, like it or not.

###

Dressed in my black leather motorcycle jacket, some tight faded skinny jeans, a pair of black leather stiletto heels i had borrowed from Norah and a black microfiber tee shirt, with a sheer black nylon bra and matching panties underneath it all, i got out of the taxi at the backstage entrance to the club.

I had my small clutch purse in one hand and my ID at the ready in the other as i walked unsteadily up to the gate in the unfamiliar high heels and the burly security guards checked the guest list.

"Yeah, she's on the list," one said to the other. He called up on his walkie talkie, then spoke directly to me while giving me the once over.

I'm sure he couldn't help noticing me slightly squirming while i stood there; he had a huge grin on his face as he told me, "Just wait here, Joe says he'll send someone down to get you."

Luckily that didn't take long, and before i knew it i was standing next to Joe onstage in the wings, watching the amazing Taylor Swift perform.

She sang, she danced, she played guitar, she even played a number on the banjo before the set was over. It was fantastic, and i was totally entranced, so much so that i even forgot that i was pretty desperate. I hadn't wanted to miss any of the show; i wasn't about to take a rest room break in the middle of a Taylor Swift set no matter how badly i needed to. i was just going to have to hold it!!!

Even so, i remembered to compliment Joe on how good he made everything sound afterwards.

"Thanks, kiddo... we aims to please, y'know?"

He grinned at me and said, "Hey, if you want to stick around for a bit, we can go to the after-party."

"Joe, you know that's not my scene, hanging out with the hangers-on," i murmured.

I didn't want to offend my buddy, but i just knew i'd get nervous as all get-out in that situation, and then the inevitable humiliation of a public accident wouldn't be far behind.

"This isn't the after-party for the hangers-on, this is the real deal, darling. Taylor's gonna be there."

He grinned again, a bit more devilishly this time. "Are you sure you don't wanna go?"

To be continued...

*012*2015-10-11 18:17

Thank you for those kind comments, my dear friends and fans!

I'm happy to be back, and glad you folks are enjoying this little tale. All of my stories have a bit of truth mixed in with the fiction; that's what keeps it interesting for me. Anyhow, here's the next bit of this one:

Taylor and Me (Pt. 3)

The meet-up

So, there i was with a drink in my hand and Joe by my side as i stood discreetly by the wall, waiting nervously for a chance to meet my idol. The music was loud, the crowd was noisy, and despite the air conditioning in the VIP green room working quite well, i was perspiring ever so slightly.

I could feel a little bead of sweat trickling down my spine beneath my top, down past the waistband of my jeans and into the crease of my bottom under my sheer black nylon panties.

I shivered with the sensation, and suddenly realized i really needed to pee.

With that realization, i began to squirm in place just a little and i crossed my legs tightly together as an answering trickle of hot pee escaped from me to dampen the cotton crotch panel of those panties as well before i could stop it.

"Hey, are you OK?" Joe asked with concern in his voice.

"Ummmm, i should really be going; it's getting kind of late," i mumbled. I was blushing as my eyes turned down towards the floor at my feet, hoping that i hadn't made an obvious wet spot on the back of my jeans now.

Just as i spoke those words, there was a bit of a commotion at the door.

The star had finally arrived, and even if i had still wanted to, there was no way i was getting through the throng of people that quickly surrounded her.

She was amazingly poised and gracious though. Taylor had a kind word and a moment of her time for each and every one of them, but when she spotted Joe, she finished up quickly, got away from the crowd and headed straight over towards us.

"What a job you did tonight, Joe!" she all but shouted as she hugged him. "I mean, you always do a great job, but tonight was... magical!"

"Well, I have one of your biggest fans right here," he said, "and we couldn't deliver anything short of the very best, now could we?" He grinned as he gestured towards me, and then followed that with, "Taylor, I'd like you to meet my old friend Erica. I'll be back in a few, just gotta grab another drink; need anything, T?"

"I'll have my usual, Joe. Thanks!"

"I'll bring you another seltzer too," he said without bothering to ask. He knows me all too well.

OMG... so now i'm all alone with Taylor Swift!

Taylor had changed out of her last stage outfit and was wearing a beautiful white A-line dress with a scooped neck and back. It looked casual and simple, and it probably cost more than i made in six months if not a whole year.

Her blonde hair was slightly damp, like she'd just taken a shower, and she had very light makeup on, just a bit of eye shadow, black mascara on her long eyelashes, her usual winged eyeliner and bright red lipstick complementing her flawless complexion.

"So you're Erica? Joe has talked about you so much, I almost feel like i know you already," she said with a sweet smile.

Taylor bent down a little and shook my hand. When she did, i caught a hint of her perfume. It was a floral-fruity fragrance with a woody base, soft and feminine like everything else about her.

I probably held her hand just a little longer than i should have, but she gave me another brilliant smile as she stood up to her full height once again.

Did i happen to mention how tall she is?

Even with her wearing her usual stylish pointy flats and me in these high heels, she was still much taller than me.

"Joe even gave me some of your music to listen to. I have to be honest and say that it's a bit weird for me personally, but i can still tell you're a really good guitar player."

OMG, Taylor Swift just said i was 'really good'! I could feel my face getting warmer as i blushed uncontrollably.

"You're just saying that 'cause you're so nice!" i blurted out.

"No, really. I can tell that you're a good guitarist. Much better than I am, anyhow..."

She said that last part very quietly.

There have been pics of her playing electric guitar posted online and a lot of the comments just weren't very kind at all, stuff like "What a waste of a good guitar," or "Too bad she can't really play that well."

Taylor may be a big star, but she's also just a sensitive girl at heart and she gets hurt when people have negative things to say about her.

As for me, I would have blushed an even deeper shade of red if that was possible.

"Am not, and anyhow, you write fantastic songs and you have a great singing voice. I can't sing worth anything," i said, staring at my feet.

"OK, we're both pretty awesome," she said with a laugh as she pushed her golden hair back from her face with a slender hand. "So, how do you know Joe?"

"Umm... we... we went to school together," i stammered, barely able to get the words out. I couldn't lift my eyes from the floor.

Taylor reached out and touched my hand gently.

"Please, don't be nervous."

She smiled at me again. "I'm just a girl like you," she said softly.

Tears welled up in my eyes suddenly.

"No, you're not! I could never be like you, not in a million years."

I couldn't contain my emotions any longer, and even though i didn't want to make a scene, i buried my face in my hands as i began to cry in earnest.

"You're a big star, and i'm.... i'm nobody," i sobbed.

"You're not nobody, Erica, and from what Joe tells me, you're actually somebody pretty special."

She wrapped her arms around me protectively and hustled me towards the door of the VIP lounge.

In just a few moments, we were outside the club and then i was in the back of Taylor Swift's limo, heading for her hotel.

###

"I told you Joe talked about you so much, I feel like I already know you," she said as we sat close together.

Even though there was a lot of room in the back seat, Taylor still had one arm draped around my shoulders and was keeping me close to her. I didn't mind at all.

I sniffled and then said, "Well, for what it's worth, i kind of feel like i know you too after listening to your songs so much."

Yeah, me and every other girl between the ages of 12 and 28... i'm such an idiot sometimes.

"That's great," she said. "It will make it easier for us to be friends now!"

"Why would you ever want me as a friend?" i asked, too surprised to sob or sniffle now.

"Well, from what Joe tells me, we have something in common," Taylor said with a sly smile.

"And it's not just music..."

To be continued...

*019*2015-10-18 13:45

Dearest friends and fans, i really appreciate the time you take to read, and those of you that have left such wonderful comments

I appreciate all the more. You encourage me to keep on writing, really. So, here's the next chapter of the story:

TAYLOR AND ME (Pt. 4)

The Challenge

When we arrived at the posh hotel where she was staying Taylor had me wait in the car with her as her bodyguards, who were following us in a second car, got out and surrounded her limo before opening the door.

"Can't have those paparazzi taking pics of us together," she said with a giggle. "They might get the right idea!"

She held my hand tightly as she got out and then pulled me out after her, and without letting go of her firm grip on my hand, she headed into the hotel lobby.

I had no choice but to follow her inside.

At that late hour, the large lobby was almost deserted, just the night clerk and a couple of bellhops were around.

"Boys, I won't be needing you anymore; you can take the rest of the night off," Taylor said to her bodyguards. "I don't think we need to worry about Erica from what Joe has told me about her," she said with a giggle.

"Alright, T," the large bald headed black man in the sunglasses replied.

"Thanks," the other one said with a grin as he looked at me. "We'll see you in the morning."

They turned and headed back towards the cars outside while Taylor went straight for the elevators, still holding my hand tightly and pulling me behind her like i was some little doll she didn't want to lose.

As she pushed the button, she said, "C'mon, I owe you a drink since we didn't wait for Joe to get back with ours at the club, and I'd really like to get to know you better. It's only fair, right?"

She smiled that beautiful smile of hers once again. "I mean... since you know so much about me, being such a big fan and all!"

The elevator doors slid open, and without waiting for a response she dragged me in after her and hit the button for her floor. When the doors closed, she put her arms around me, pulled me close and then...

Taylor Swift kissed me!

OMG...

###

Her hotel room wasn't a room at all; it was actually a suite with a rather large living room and a separate bedroom area.

Taylor gestured airily towards the couch and said, "Have a seat. Stay awhile," then she laughed, tossed her head back and mussed her hair with her hands.

When she looked at me through her bangs, OMG... she really is beautiful, and it was the cutest pose, one i'd only ever seen in pictures. But this time she was really looking right back at me!

"Hold on a sec, I want to change into something more comfy," she said.

"Don't you go anywhere, I'll be right back!"

I could hear her from the living room as she kept up a steady stream of small talk while she undressed, and when she emerged she was wearing an outfit that matched mine: faded skinny jeans, a black tee and some mile high black leather stiletto heels.

"Look, now we're twins!" she exclaimed with a huge grin on her pretty face.

"Ummm, about that drink..." i mumbled.

After that kiss in the elevator, i was feeling a bit awkward and confused. I didn't know what to expect, but i certainly hadn't come here with any intention of cheating on my girlfriend! In fact, i was almost ready to bolt and run for the door before my nervousness caught up with me in the worst possible way.

"Coming right up," Taylor said brightly as she smiled at me again. "Joe told me you don't drink alcohol. Would you like a soda?"

"No, thanks... um, i really don't want to put you to any trouble..."

"Oh, it's no trouble at all; i'm kind of thirsty myself, so..."

"Just water please then, thanks," i answered.

She skipped over to the mini bar and pulled out a couple of tall bottles of Voss water.

"They're pretty cold, but would you like a glass and some ice?"

I shook my head no, so she walked back over to the couch where i was sitting, handed one bottle to me and kept one for herself.

Twisting the cap off, i gulped mine down eagerly.

It was actually very cold, almost giving me a brain freeze as i was drinking it, but i couldn't stop myself. Being nervous always makes me very thirsty. Maybe that's part of why i also tend to have these accidents...

"Wow, you must have really needed that," Taylor said with a grin as i finished it. "Would you like another?"

I was still quite thirsty and without thinking, i nodded. "Yes, please."

She went to the mini bar again and pulled out another bottle of water, opened it and then brought it back and handed it to me. This time she sat down right next to me, crossed those incredibly long legs and took a small sip from hers.

"You're probably wondering why you're here, aren't you?" Taylor said with a laugh as i nodded again, too tongue-tied to speak. Instead, i eagerly drank from the bottle of water she'd handed me. Never had any bottled water ever tasted as delicious as this did, i thought as she started to explain.

"Well, you know my songs, girlfriend; my relationships with boys never seem to work out. Joe suggested I should try something different, and that I should try it with you. Then you turned out to be so adorable; you're like a little doll..." She put her arm around my shoulder again, but it seemed a little less protective and a little more predatory this time. For some strange reason, i still didn't mind, though.

"Ummm..."

"Shhhsh," she said softly, putting a slim finger to my lips to silence any possible protest as she quickly turned, straddled me and started kissing me again. Taylor had one knee in between my legs, and she pressed it up against me there in just the right way now, not too hard and not too soft; it was pretty clear that she knew exactly what she was doing and how to take the lead with another girl... as for me, i was so nervous i practically peed myself fully right then and there; as it was, i couldn't help dampening my panties just a little again, but i wasn't sure if it was pee this time or a little squirt of some of what Norah liked to call my fresh love juice. Either way, i still couldn't bring myself to tell her to stop. I wondered if she could feel my wetness on her leg, but i was already too far gone to care now.

When she finally pulled away, she smiled at me again.

"You like this, don't you, little girl?" she whispered softly into my ear before kissing the back of my neck.

OMG... she had just pushed most of my major buttons right there, taking control and treating me this way.

I was starting to melt, and my panties were definitely wetter now. As i began to feel even more flushed, Taylor slipped her hands up under my t-shirt and began to caress my small breasts through my bra. I could feel my nipples hardening under her deft fingers. I was really oozing my girl juice into my panties now and i closed my eyes and laid my head back on the couch, unable to resist any longer.

"Dammit, Joe," i thought to myself, "did you have to tell her everything?"

Whether he had or he hadn't, the point was moot. Taylor Swift seemed to know my every weakness as if she had read my mind and i was totally defenseless against her soft, sweet onslaught of mad desire.

Just before i reached the point where i would have done anything, anything at all she'd wanted me to in order to get her to take me over the edge, she suddenly stopped though.

"Wow, you really are a little doll, aren't you? I can pretty much do whatever I want to you right now..." Taylor mused, and all i could do was nod yes. Norah had trained me too well.

So she went back to work on me with her soft warm hands and her soft wet lips, and i was getting softer, warmer, and wetter by the minute myself.

"OMG... what do you want with me?" i finally managed to gasp in between the deep sighs she was effortlessly eliciting from me now.

"I love wet games, and i love dolls," Taylor said. "From what Joe told me, i think i can satisfy both of those desires at the same time with you."

When i opened my eyes, she smiled at me again.

Gosh, she was so beautiful; how could i ever say no to Taylor Swift?

Still, i had to at least try, for my gf Norah's sake.

"I.... i can't.... do this," i stuttered, looking down at my feet again.

Norah's high heels, OMG. Norah... what would she think?

"Oh, now don't you worry your pretty little head... I totally understand, and I'm going to make this easy for you," Taylor said. "It won't have to be a choice on your part; instead, we're going to have a holding contest!"

"A holding contest?"

"Yes, sweetie! We're both going to drink lots of water and hold until one of us ends up wetting herself totally," Taylor said with a cute little giggle.

Now, i may be prone to accidents in stressful public situations, but thanks to my gf Norah's relentless training, i was a pro at holding my pee in private. As her sub, she made sure i didn't ever pee without obtaining her permission first, and she always punished any losses of control severely, so i'd been conditioned that way by her too.

Although i had no way of knowing what Taylor might be bringing to the battle and these weren't exactly the same conditions i was used to, the odds just might be in my favour on this one.

But still...

"Really? A holding contest?" i asked nervously. "Why would i want to humiliate myself in front of you? You're my idol..."

"OK, here's the deal... if I lose the contest, then you can have total control over me for 24 hours, or you can simply leave freely and never come back, if that's what you really want; I'll even throw in a series of recording sessions at a pro studio to show you there are no hard feelings. If you lose, though..." Taylor paused before continuing.

"If i lose, then what?"

"Then I get to keep on seeing you, and can make you my little plaything any time I want. You'll be my special little doll," she said, with a smile and a dreamy, almost wistful look in her eyes.

"Didn't Joe already tell you about my girlfriend?"

"Of course he did! That's part of what makes the whole thing so exciting!" she exclaimed.

"You two can stay together; I just want some of your amazing wonderfulness for myself too."

Knowing Taylor Swift was turning out to be a lot more interesting and much more complicated than i had ever suspected.

"Are you a bit wet already? Because I am, just a little. If you aren't, that gives you an advantage in the contest," she said with a shy smile.

There was no advantage for me; she'd seen to it that i was already quite wet down there even before we started, but i had a feeling we would both be much wetter before we were through.

To be continued...

