Daniel and Amy - Page 44

Author: Barry

*1075*2019-08-26 13:47

Chapter 7

Aidens Van.

Thursday continued

The boys had knocked Aiden over, and piled on top of him. Laughing their heads off, they gradually untangled themselves and got off him, and Matt helped to his feet.

The look of amazement on his face was a sight to behold. “Shit! What’re you guys doing here? I thought you two were going away, and you were staying home,” he said, pointing to them all at once.

“We didn’t know!” Scott spluttered. Our olds kept it a secret. What about you Shrimp? You didn’t say nothing about coming here! We thought you were staying home too!”

Aiden giggled. “I didn’t know neither! My dads the same. He kept it secret! Geez! I’m glad to see you guys though! This place is awesome! What’s going on? Are your dads working here or something?”

Everyone talked at once, and all over the top of each other, but eventually everybody got the general idea of what was happening. It wasn’t only the girls looking on in bemusement, but the boys fathers as well. Paul and Jack thought the kid looked familiar, but it took Sue to remind them that they had actually met him before, after camp.

“He’s in Dans grade?” Pete whispered unbelievingly to his wife, and she had to assure him that it was true. He still thought that Dan and his friends looked quite young, maybe not so much Matthew, but this Aiden kid was something else.

“He’s only 13,” Sue explained in a whisper. “Some kids take a bit longer to grow, Pete.”

Nikki and Amy wandered over, feeling somehow out of place, like they didn’t belong, but their boyfriends quickly remembered their manners, and put protective arms around them, drawing them in. Introductions were made, and although everyone was polite, Aiden and the girls were kind of awkward with each other. Nikki was 13, same as Aiden, and not exactly tall for her age, but even she stood a couple of inches taller than him.

Peter shrugged, deciding to leave them to it, and started to walk towards the lodge, but Aiden went running up to him.

“Mr Jacobs? If you’re looking for Mario, he’s not there. He’s over at the toilet block helping my dad. Dads a painter,” he explained.

Pete smiled and thanked the boy warmly, although he still struggled to believe that the kid was in the same grade with his son and his sons mates. Even Dan and Scott were a lot bigger, and Matty, well....

Leaving the cars where they were, the three tradesmen, Troy, and the gaggle of kids all walked towards the toilet block, leaving the three women to enjoy a cigarette and a few minutes of peace. Mario had heard them arrive, and he and Sean were waiting for them as they got there.

Mario hugged Pete, who he had known for years, and introduced him to Sean.

“Pete my friend. I hope you don’ta mind me picking my own painter. Sean here is a good man. He does lotsa work for me. I know him a long time.”

Pete shook Sean’s hand with a grin, and made the introductions of the other men. “You’re the boss Mario, you hire whoever you like mate. Me and my crew have got enough to worry about without painting!”

Everyone had a good natured laugh, but Sean’s eyes were drawn to his son, who was pushing and shoving against Scott. At first he thought his boy was being picked on again, and he was about to break it up, when Aiden suddenly jumped on Scott’s back and tackled him to the ground, both of them laughing like loons. Pete saw the look of confusion on the painters face, and had to laugh.

“Small world Sean. Guess what? This lot all know each other! Our boys have just been to camp with your son.”

Sean beamed with pleasure. Ever since the camp, Aiden had been talking about his new friends, and how they were hanging out at school together. Aiden hadn’t told his dad any particular details about how he got pantsed, or obviously anything about wearing a pull up, but he’d alluded enough for Sean to know that this new bunch of kids had stuck up for him when some other boys gave him a hard time. He was overjoyed for his son that his school mates were there. One of his biggest worries about the trip, was that Aiden was going to be lonely, or even worse, be left out of stuff again. Judging by the way these boys were all roughhousing with him and each other, it didn’t look like that would be the case at all. In fact, if the kid smiled any wider, Sean thought his face might split.

Mario and the other tradesmen started talking, and of course the big Italian had all sorts of things to show them, so they said their goodbyes and wandered off, with the pack of kids following, although Aiden stayed behind.

“Hey Tiger! It’s pretty cool that your mates are here eh! I’ll bet that’s a nice surprise?”

“Bloody hell dad! It’s awesome! I can’t believe it. I thought it was totally rad having Maria to hang out with, but this totally rocks!”

Sean grinned. He was right. Aiden and Maria were already becoming good friends. It looked like his boy was going to have a good time after all.

“Hey dad? If you’ve got a minute, can I show you something?”

“Sure Tiger, I’ve always got a minute for you. What’s up?”

Aiden led his father to the site caravans, in particular the one that he thought they should claim. He had decided how to “sell” it to his dad, and he hoped he’d be taken seriously about making what he believed was a super-important choice.

“Maria and me checked out the vans yesterday dad. I think we should take this one, before anyone else grabs it! Look! It’s got this really great annexe thing, it’s kinda away by itself a bit, it’s big, it’s not too far from the toilets, and it’s got some shade. Whaddya think?”

He really wanted his dad to at least take his suggestion seriously, and accept his input on the decision. After all, it was quite a grown up decision to make, and he hoped his dad would see he’d at least put a bit of thought into it, and hopefully be impressed.

Sean walked in, looked around, and scratched his chin thoughtfully. He made a big deal out of opening some cupboards, and sitting on the bed, looking out the window.

“Hmmm. It’s not bad mate. I dunno though. I think there’s better options.”

Aiden was disappointed. He’d been looking forward to showing his dad this van since yesterday.

“Awww. Like what dad? Me and Maria checked ‘em all out. The open ones anyway. Trust me. This is the best.”

Sean shrugged. “Ok Tiger. Suits me. If you want it. I just thought..., no. Never mind.”

Instantly the boys ears pricked up.

“What dad? Tell me?”

Sean sighed. “Nothing really mate. Just Mario invited us to stay in The Lodge. That’s all. He thought it would be nice for Maria to have someone to pl..hang out with, and you guys were getting on so well. But never mind. I’ll tell him we’ll stay in this old caravan instead.”

“DON’T YOU DARE!” Aiden squealed, launching himself at Sean, knocking him backwards on the bed, and raining blows down on him in one of their classic wrestling matches.

Sean laughed and laughed, easily flipping the boy over, and poking him in the ribs until he pleaded for mercy.

“I take it you’re happy with staying in the house then mate?”

Aiden hastily agreed, begging to be let go, and Sean got up and left him alone.

“Ok Tiger. I’ll tell the boss we’ll stay there. Now I gotta get back to work. The guys are going to be working in there today, and I wanna get the prep done first. You behave yourself with your friends. I’ll see you later, okay?” He ruffled the boys head, and left.

Once he was gone, Aiden hurried out of the van, and ran behind it, with his hand down his pants. He could feel wetness there.

He pulled his shorts right down, and immediately urinated, sighing with a mixture of relief and dread. Once he’d finished, he nervously looked down at his underpants, and saw a sizeable wet spot on his white Y-fronts. Looking over his shoulder, he stepped out of his red shorts, and held them up for inspection, sighing with relief when he couldn’t find any obvious wet spot, although the front of his undies were soaked!

He’d kinda needed to pee a bit on the monkey bars, but The Lodge was locked, with Maria being in town with her mama. He’d actually been about to sneak around the side of the house, when his friends had amazingly rocked up, and he’d immediately forgotten about it.

But when his dad said they could stay at the house (with Maria!) he’d become so excited that he’d wet himself a little bit. He’d thought it was a little bit, but judging by how wet his undies were, it could’ve been a bit more, or perhaps he’d even peed a little bit when his dad was tickling him, he wasn’t sure. One thing he WAS sure of, he was glad he was wearing his thick Y-fronts, and not his thin cotton briefs. They had definitely saved him from an embarrassing wet patch on his pants, which was one of the reasons his mum had bought him Y-fronts in the first place. She knew he could get a bit over-excited sometimes, and what happened when he did.

He slipped his wet undies off, and put his shorts back on, putting his undies deep into a side pocket, then hurried back to catch up with his friends. He’d hide his wet pants in his bag, later.

&&

*1079*2019-08-28 01:43

{{On 8/27/2019 at 5:31 AM, Penelope said:

BARRY!!!! I just realized today that you are back and I am thrilled about it. Welcome Back!! And, DANIEL AND AMY!!...I did not think it was going to happen, but, I obviously underestimated you. I’ve missed you and your characters so much. We have all been waiting with our collective breaths held. Thank you so much for continuing the saga. I know your have been through some really difficult times, and I hope and pray that things will only get better from this point on....P.

}}

Awww. Thanks so much Penelope! That’s really nice of you to say. I hope you’re enjoying the continuation.

I’ll have another chapter up later today.

*1080*2019-08-28 06:15

Chapter 8

The Mother’s Club

Thursday Afternoon

Sue, Sonia, and Paula, enjoyed having a smoke in peace, and simply standing in the warm, late morning sun, stretching their backs and legs, as the menfolk and the kids walked off to find Mario. They were all dressed in a similar fashion, the theme being “comfort over style” for the trip.

Jumpers and jackets had been removed at the roadhouse, as they weren’t needed anymore, and all three ladies wore versions of the same sort of shirt, loose, short sleeved, and long. Paula was wearing black ribbed leggings, Sue had opted for good old fashioned sweat pants, dark blue, while Sonia was the most colourful of the lot in the pants department, wearing cotton stretch leggings, that were basically black, but covered in a very bright and colourful floral design, featuring frangapani and roses.

The small talk flowed easily, as they discussed how much warmer it was, and how marvellous it had been to see wild emus and kangaroos.

“Just so long as we don’t see any more bloody great snakes!” Paula said fearfully, causing the others to laugh agreeably.

Sonia crossed her legs, and bent over at the waist.

“Oh, oh, oh! Don’t make me laugh! I really need a pee!”

Sue crossed her own ankles. “Me too Son, I’ve drank way too much coffee today already.”

“Same here,” Paula agreed. I went at the roadhouse, but I definitely need to go again. Do you see those porta loos anywhere?”

The ladies looked around. “I can’t see them anywhere?” Sue remarked. “Surely they’d be up the front here somewhere wouldn’t they? They wouldn’t put them way back behind those old vans?”

Sonia sounded worried. “I don’t know mate, but I certainly can’t walk that far. I’m absolutely busting!”

“Perhaps there’s someone in the house?” Paula suggested. “That boy said Mario wasn’t home, but maybe his wife is in there? I’ll knock.”

She walked up the steps and crossed the porch, knocking on the door, although it was pretty obvious that nobody was home. The house had that empty feeling about it. After trying again, she tentatively tried the door handle, which only confirmed their suspicions. There was no one inside.

“What do you think we should do?” Paula asked her friends.

“I know exactly what I’m going to do in a bloody minute,” Sonia muttered, re-crossing her legs the other way. “I really do need to go, girls. I’m going to wet myself in a minute.”

“Let’s try the back door,” Sue suggested. “If it’s open, I’m going in. Mario won’t mind. After all, he can’t expect us to just hang around all day without a loo!”

The three ladies walked around the back, into an unfenced yard that was fairly barren, save for a clothesline, a small garden shed, and a gazebo with a built in barbecue. There was no one around in any direction, but it was very open, with the trees on the left side providing some privacy from the main road, but an open field on the right, that ended in the sand dune at the beach stretching from the there, to around the back. Basically, a large open area with no one around, but also no real privacy.

Sue tried the back door, but that was locked as well, and she turned to her friends on the lawn.

“We’re out of luck luvvies. Anyone got any ideas?”

“I can’t wait,” Paula declared. “I’m going behind the shed! I think there’s tissues in the car, Sonia?”

The other two giggled like schoolgirls. “Paula!” Sonia remarked in mock outrage, crossing her legs, “Yeah, there is, but surely you’re not just going to squat behind the shed?!”

Paula shrugged, bouncing around a bit. “I think I have to mate. Otherwise, I’m going to wet myself like my damn daughter does sometimes. Honestly, it’s her fault. Ever since I had her, I’ve never been the same down there. Her heads not even that big!”

The other two almost screamed with laughter, and Sonia doubled over, putting a hand between her legs, sucking in a big breath. Sue was starting to hold herself as well, and couldn’t help making the comment, “Danny’s head was big enough, I’ll give you the tip!”

Sonia almost cried. It was the funniest conversation that she’d had in years, but her pee hole was starting to tremble, but she had to add her two cents worth as well.

“I know what you guys mean. Things are never quite the same after childbirth, are they?”

With no options available to them, the three desperate women stood around jiggling and talking about the personal horrors that giving birth had inflicted on their bodies.

“I wasn’t too bad after Troy,” Paula said, “but after Nikki, well, Jesus. I had a lot of trouble for awhile.”

“To be honest, I was a bit weak after I had Danny,” Sue admitted, then it got better after awhile. I did the exercises and stuff. But as I get older....... Jesus.” She lowered her voice to a conspirational whisper.

“I really don’t like coughing or sneezing too much, and last week, shit, I probably shouldn’t even tell you this, but I actually had an accident. A big one. I wet myself coming home from the gym. That hardly ever happens, but things are definitely not as, well, safe as they used to be.”

The other two nodded solemnly, but they all shared a knowing smile.

“You mentioned Nikki,” Sonia said, crossing her legs the other way, trying to keep herself distracted. “Does she have problems too?”

Paula gave a grim smile. She obviously knew about Amy and Dans problems, but it had never came up in conversation before, except when Nikki spent the night at Amy’s, and Sonia and her had discussed certain details over a coffee. She knew the other two had a serious problem, and she didn’t want to make it sound like her daughter was the same, because she wasn’t.

“Nikki’s a strange one,” she admitted to her friends. “She doesn’t exactly have a problem, not like yours do, don’t get me wrong when I say that please?”

The other mums just gave her an encouraging smile, letting her know she didn’t have to walk on eggshells around them. Dan and Amy’s condition was well known between the three of them, and Sue and Sonia were happy the kids had been able to make a friend who didn’t judge them, although neither of them had been aware that the smaller girl might have had trouble herself. Sonia was actually quite surprised, because Amy had grown very close to her friend, and hadn’t mentioned anything before, even having sleepovers with her, and surely, if Nikki had any sort of actual incontinence issues of her own, no matter how minor, then Amy would’ve mentioned it by now?

“So what do you mean?” Sonia asked. “Ames hasn’t said anything before?”

Paula sighed, shifting uncomfortably. “Probably because there’s nothing actually ‘wrong’ with Nikki,” she said, adding the air quotes on wrong. “Not that there’s anything wrong with your kids! Shit! I didn’t mean it like that!”

Sue and Sonia chuckled. They knew exactly what Paula meant. There was something physically wrong with their kids, and being politically correct and refusing to acknowledge it, wouldn’t make it go away.

“Go on mate. We know what you mean,” Sue assured her.

Paula gave a relieved smile.

“Niksters bladder probably isn’t as strong as it should be. Don’t get me wrong. It’s nothing like what your two have to deal with. That’s comparing apples with oranges! But it’s definitely a bit on the weak side.”

“Have you taken her to the doctor?” Sue asked, suddenly concerned.

Paula snorted. “Shit yes. A few times, the last time less than a year ago, but they can’t find anything wrong. Look, it’s not terrible, but I know she’s a bit weak down there.”

Sonia and Sue nodded solemnly. Obviously they were well aware of what that meant.

“But Niks also a bit weird about some stuff. Like she absolutely hates public toilets, even the school ones. She’ll use them if she absolutely has too, but only in an emergency. I’m forever finding wet knickers in her room. I can’t work out if she’s even just being a lazy little cow at times. She wet the bed for years, but that gradually stopped, but only after I stopped buying her pull ups. I could see a real pattern developing where if she wore them, she’d always wet them.

But even without them, she still wets the bed occasionally, so maybe I’m wrong. Perhaps I’m being too harsh on her. She’s wet the bed twice in the past two weeks, and that’s without her night nappy. She begged me to get her pull ups to wear at night up here, and I gave in. I’d hate her to wet the bed here with Scotty around. She’s really quite taken by him, and he’s a lovely boy, and not only that, there’s Amy of course. She’s so excited to be sharing a van with her for a week. I know Ames wouldn’t judge her or anything if it happened, but I guess anything I can do to prevent the kid some embarrassment is a good thing. At least she’ll be wearing her little nappy with another girl who knows what it’s like, poor thing.”

“If you want my opinion,” Sue offered, “I think you’ve done the right thing. Wet sheets will be a lot harder to hide up here than at home, and at the end of the day, if it means Nikki will sleep better, then there’s no real harm in it.”

Paula sighed. “I know. That’s what I keep telling myself. After all, she’s still only a kid, no matter what she might think. It’s just I know she can be lazy about going to the toilet sometimes, especially strange ones, and it annoys me. I mean, if you knew your bladder wasn’t strong, and you knew you might wet your pants, wouldn’t you do everything in your power to prevent it? Nikki doesn’t. She’d rather pee in her knickers than use a toilet she’s not comfortable with. I don’t say she actually does it on purpose, but she certainly doesn’t do herself any favours either.”

Sonia hissed and bent forwards, with a hand between her legs.

“Hssss. Speaking of doing yourself no favours girls, I really do need to go. I’m seriously going to wet myself any second here. What’re we going do?”

Paula was glad of the distraction. She’d felt really awful for bringing up Nikki’s bed wetting and little quirks. It was just she never had anyone to talk to about raising her kids, especially when it came to difficult stuff like having a teenager who sometimes wet her pants or bed, and these two mothers could at least understand what she was going through. But at the same time , she thought she’d said enough on the subject, at least for now, although she resolved to pick their brains a bit later, when they were all more relaxed, maybe over a bottle of wine. But for now, anything to change the subject was welcome. She decided that walking away was the best idea to get out of the awkward conversation.

“Stuff it. I really need to go. I’m getting the tissues,” and she walked back around the house towards the car.

“Did you know that about Nikki?” Sue whispered to her friend.

Sonia, who was looking very uncomfortable, shook her head.

“Nope. Not a thing. I’m really surprised Amy hasn’t mentioned it before, considering, well, you know.”

“Same here. Danny hasn’t said a word either, and I’m guessing that if Amy knows, which she must, then my boy would know as well. It’s strange they haven’t said anything.”

“I know,” Sonia agreed.

“Then there’s Dans mate Scott. Throw him into the mix as well. It’s incredible really.”

Sonia’s ears pricked up. “Scotty? What’s wrong with him?”

Sue arched an eyebrow. “Didn’t Amy mention him either? Scott wets the bed as well. That’s why Danny finally agreed to go for a sleepover at his house, and why I made sure that they shared a cabin at camp. It’s probably the only reason Danny agreed to go. I thought I told you?”

Sonia couldn’t stand still, she was lifting her legs up one at a time, jiggling around with her hand between her legs, doing an absolute classic example of a potty dance.

“You might have, I can’t remember at the moment. You told me that he had told Scott about wetting the bed and needing diapers, but I can’t recall you saying that Scotty wet the bed as well! I guess it kind of explains why this lot have become such good friends all of a sudden. A lot of them have stuff in common.”

Sue nodded in agreement. “Don’t you think it’s kind of strange, mate? I mean, what are the odds? We both know teenage bed wetting isn’t completely unusual, we’ve both had enough doctors tell us that over the years!”

Sonia chuckled, squeezing her thighs together even tighter.

“Owww. Don’t! Don’t make me laugh! I think you’re over-thinking it dear. You’re right, in a way, but look at the big picture. They’re talking about, what’s the word? ‘Normal?’ I hate saying that, but normal kids. Our two don’t fit into that category at all. You take them out of the equation, and you’re left with Scott and Nik, and from what Paula said, it’s not a regular thing for her at all. Any girl can have a bit of a weak bladder sometimes. That only leaves poor Scotty, so the ratio quickly comes back to normal.”

“Yeah, when you put it like that, I guess it makes more sense. It’s just that having three full time, and one occasional teenage bed wetter in one place strikes me as a bit odd, that’s all.”

“What about the boys new friend, Aiden? He looks barely old enough to be out of nappies as it is! Has Dan mentioned anything, ah, ‘unusual’ about him?”

Sue pondered for a moment. “Not really. Not in that sense, anyway. I mean, he DID say that another kid was picking on him, and young Matthew stood up for him, and it all sort of went from there. I don’t know WHY he was being picked on though. Maybe it was a wet-bed thing or something. Although looking at the size of him, I can just imagine how he would attract bullies no matter what.”

Sonia agreed. “He’s a cute little thing though, isn’t he? I’m glad the boys have taken him under their wing. I’ll bet the poor kid is a bit lonely in high school. I’m sure they’re going to have a ball together up here.”

Their musings were interrupted by Paula’s arrival, carrying a box of tissues and a plastic bag.

“Ok girls. Who’s going first? Behind that shed looks as good as anywhere I guess. You should probably go first, Sonia. You look like you’re the worst of any of us.”

Sonia visibly blanched. “Wait. You’re not actually serious, are you? We’re not going to just squat behind the shed?”

Sue chuckled, re-crossing her own legs. “It wouldn’t be the first time Son. Remember that little back alley in Melbourne that time....”

“Sue my dear, that was nearly twenty years ago, and I was completely pissed! Thank God they didn’t have as many damn security cameras around then like they do today!”

The three desperate women all hunched over, fighting a fit of the giggles.

“Ohhhh. I think a bit came out,” Sonia said as she laughed.

Paula waved the tissues at her. “Here. You go first. Me and Sue will keep an eye out for you.”

Sonia glanced around nervously. “I, I can’t! I just can’t! You go first. Sue and I will keep watch.”

The three of them giggled like schoolgirls, about to do something really naughty, as Paula duck-waddled across the yard and behind the shed.

“It’s pretty clear back here, a beautiful place to pee!” She announced with a laugh, disappearing from view.

Sue and Sonia were standing at the corner of the house, trying not to laugh, as they looked out across the site, but Paula’s comment sent them over the edge, almost into hysterics.

“OHMYGODICAN’THOLDIT!” Sonia screamed, and she quickly squatted down on her haunches. “Quick! Sue! Hold my hands. Don’t let me fall over!”

Sue screamed with laughter as well, and grabbed her friends hands to balance her, before she fell on her butt. Both of them were laughing their heads off, as a large waterfall erupted from Sonia’s pants, splattering noisily onto the ground, and started spreading out towards her feet.

“SHIT! I’M WETTING MY PANTS!” She declared, as if Sue wasn’t standing in front of her watching her do it. “DON’T LET ME GO!”

Sue was almost crying with laughter, watching Sonia trying to spread her feet apart even wider to avoid the rapidly spreading puddle, as her leggings got completely drenched, and multiple streams ran free from her crotch.

“OH OH SONIA! HURRY UP! I CANT HOLD ON! STOP MAKING ME LAUGH!” Sue exclaimed, feeling the first squirt of warmth soaking into her own panties.

Paula heard the commotion, as she was currently squatting mid stream herself, but with her pants safely down. She tried to lean forward to look around the shed, and overbalanced, taking a stumbling step forward, which of course directed her stream straight into her downed leggings and panties.

“SHIT!” Paula cried, trying to stop peeing and regain her balance, but it was too late, and although her pants were down, she released at least half of her bladder directly into them anyway, as she joined her friends in laughter.

Sonia’s head was at crotch height to Sue, and between tears of laughter, she watched a big wet patch blossoming on her friends leg.

“LEMMEGO LEMMEGO,” she shouted. “Quick! Before you pee yourself too!”

It was a bit to late by then, as Sues bladder had entirely let go, and she had pee flowing freely down both legs. But she stood back, and pulled her baggy sweats down and squatted in front of Sonia, who was still wetting her own pants, and looked down at her crotch, seeing that she was peeing heavily through her light grey “granny panties.”

It was over in less than twenty seconds, and both ladies stood up, and leant on each other, tears of laughter running down their faces. They looked up to see Paula waddling towards them.

“We wet our pants!” Sue screamed, almost choking with laughter, and Paula waddled up, put an arm around both of them, and in between fits of giggles, announced “Me Too,” which set them all off again.

It was the silliest and funniest thing any of them had seen or done in years!

When they were under control again, Paula asked, “Fuck! What’re we going to do now?”

Sue just grinned. “Get changed I guess.”

“Trust us, there’s no shortage of wet wipes between us in the cars,” which almost started another laughing fit.

The three wet ladies ran to their respective cars, and retrieved their bags, thankful that the kids and men still weren’t back yet.

“What’re we going to say? I mean how on earth do we explain it?” Paula asked, sounding worried.

“Let’s put our shorts on,” Sue suggested. “It’s a nice day, we’ll just tell them we got hot?”

The other ladies thought that was a great idea, and they made a giggly run back behind the house again. Modesty was out the window, as they all took their pants and knickers off, and wiped themselves clean with almost a package of wet wipes, which they threw into the plastic bag which Paula had bought to put the toilet paper in.

They hurriedly got dressed, and Paula hid their wet clothes in another plastic bag which she put in her clothes bag, where nobody would look.

They all lit up cigarettes again, and kept laughing about what had just happened, agreeing that in a strange way, it was a bit of a bonding experience, if nothing else, and suddenly having so many teenage bed wetters all at once didn’t seem so strange after all.

*1083*2019-08-29 05:42

Chapter 9

Girls, This Is Aiden!

Thursday

The kids were standing in a group, just chilling, looking around, not sure exactly what to do, when Aiden came running back to join them.

“This place is great guys, you’re gonna love it. Maria showed me absolutely everything yesterday. I got lotsa stuff to show you.”

“Who’s Maria?” Dan asked.

“She’s Mario’s daughter. She’s really cool. You guys are gonna like her. We did all sorts of stuff yesterday, and we’re going for a swim later, when she gets back with her mama. We can all go together now.”

Nikki snorted. “Mama? What is she? A baby?”

Aiden, who had only just met the girls, and still felt uncomfortable around them, frowned, then gave her a weak, hopeful smile.

“She’s Italian. She says mama and papa ‘stead of mum and dad. She’s not a baby! She’s the same age as us, nearly.”

Nikki stared at him. “Whaddya mean, ‘us?’ How old are you anyway? Eleven?”

“Thirteen,” he mumbled softly, looking away, the familiar feelings of being an outsider were quickly rushing back.

Amy dug an elbow into Nikki’s ribs, “Stop it Nik. Don’t be a cow.”

Scott looked at his girlfriend, suddenly a bit uncomfortable. Nikki was usually the sweetest girl he’d ever met, along with Amy of course, and he didn’t understand why she was being mean to his friend.

“Aids is thirteen Nik. He goes to school with us. I just toldya that.”

“Pffft. ‘Aids’.....” she mumbled, but didn’t say anything else.

A bit of an uncomfortable silence fell on the group, and they shuffled their feet for a few seconds, not making eye contact with each other, especially Nikki or Aiden, who for some reason, seemed to have got off on the wrong foot.

Amy felt like she should say something, especially to draw the smaller boy back into the conversation. “Aiden, aren’t there supposed to be porta-loos here somewhere? I can’t see any?”

Amy’s question had the rest of the gang looking around. In all the excitement, even Nikki had momentarily forgotten about the dreaded toilets.

Aiden shrugged. “I dunno. There’s definitely none here though. My dad didn’t say nothing ‘bout it. He said they’re gonna be working on the toilet block today.”

The tradesmen were coming back, talking earnestly with Mario, and when they arrived, Dan shyly approached them.

“Uh dad? S’cuse me, but can I ask ya something?”

Pete was mildly annoyed that Dan would interrupt him in an important work conversation, but at least he had been polite about it.

“Yeah mate. What’s up? Quick now, I’m kinda busy,”

“Sorry dad, it’s just, uh, the guys are kinda wondering where the, uh, you know, toilets are?”

Peter gave a start. He looked around, seeing the obvious, that he’d somehow missed. The Porta-loos weren’t here! He’d been busy with Mario since they’d arrived, and hadn’t noticed. They were supposed to have been delivered yesterday!

He asked Mario if he knew anything, but the boss shrugged, he hadn’t heard anything, and indeed didn’t know that they were even ordered. The running of the site was left entirely up to his supervisor, Peter.

Pete excused himself, and made a hurried phone call, his tone of voice was enough to let the other men, and Dan know, that he wasn’t happy.

“They ‘forgot,’ apparently,” he explained, through gritted teeth. “Morons. They’ve promised to ship them up by the end of the day, but they’ve gotta come from Geraldton, so it WILL be later.”

Mario gave him an encouraging smile. After four decades in the construction game, he knew things like this happened all too frequently. Every single job had at least something go wrong with deliveries.

“Don’t worry about it Peter. Come. I’ll open the house. The kids canna go there.”

Pete suddenly remembered the women, particularly his wife, who had been complaining about needing to go when they arrived. He cursed under his breath as they all walked off together, except for Dan, who ran back to his friends to explain the situation.

It didn’t really bother any of them too much, at least yet. They had all sat on the toilet at the roadhouse anyway, the boys were more than happy to wee in the bush, Amy certainly didn’t mind using her diaper if she had to, it was already a little bit wet anyway, although she wasn’t sure exactly when that had happened. That only left Nikki, who would choose wet panties over a Porta-loo any day!

The gang fell in behind the adults as they walked back towards The Lodge, and Amy hung back a bit from them, taking Nikki with her.

“What’s up Nik? Why were you being snippy with Aiden?”

Nikki sighed. She certainly hadn’t planned on it, but she was feeling a bit annoyed. After spending ten hours cramped up next to her brother in the back of the car, she was tired, sore, cranky, and irritable, and just wanted to relax.

“I dunno Ames. I didn’t mean to be I guess. It’s just after the whole trip, the guys just kinda abandon us for their friend, and suddenly he’s planning the whole day for us! I don’t even know the kid, and he’s like taking charge or something. He looks like such a baby too. I just wanted us all to hang out together, just chill I guess, not run around doing whatever baby face wants us to do.”

Amy chuckled, and put an arm around her friend. “Aww. Is baby Nikki all grumpy today?”

Nikki couldn’t help but laugh, and she punched Amy lightly on the arm, and gave her a good look at her middle finger.

“I’m sorry Ames. I’ll be nice to the kid, I guess.”

“Nik, he’s thirteen, same as you, and only a year younger than the guys. You gotta stop calling him ‘The Kid’....”

Nikki sighed. “Guess you’re right mate. Come on, let’s catch up with the guys,” so they did.

When everyone got back to The Lodge, they found the mother’s sitting on the porch chairs, relaxing and chatting easily with each other. Pete couldn’t help noticing that his wife had changed her pants, and he hoped that didn’t signify that she’d had an accident. But the other women were wearing shorts now as well, so they must’ve just got changed due to comfort, he guessed. After all, Sue didn’t seem at all upset or embarrassed, which she certainly would be if she’d wet herself. He knew. He’d seen it happen before. The funny thing was, she didn’t give the impression of needing to go anymore, and neither did the others. They must’ve had a sneaky wee in the bushes, he decided. At least they looked like they were enjoying themselves.

Introductions were made, including the kids, and Mario shook everybody’s hand warmly, making sure that nobody was left out. He apologised profusely for not leaving the house unlocked, and the three women just laughed, assuring him that it was no big deal at all, something that Peter was a bit surprised about, knowing had badly Sue had needed to pee.

Sue made a pretence out of going to the bathroom, although the other two mothers didn’t bother, except for washing their hands, and none of the kids even tried.

“I guess the first priority is now going to be the toilet blocks,” Peter decided. “If we can at least get a couple of toilets working today, we may not even need the damn Porta-loos. It’s a good thing they’re giving me a hefty discount on the bloody things for mucking us around.”

He looked at the group gathered around him in the kitchen, and took a deep breath.

“Okay. Paul. Your guy will be here soon, and mine will be too. We need to get the toilets and showers going ASAP. You start by getting the water on, and I’ll check the hot water cylinders, then start going around the vans, and try to get the hookups working.”

He turned to Jack next. “Jack, I know you’ve got some stuff to do in the toilets, but stay outta there for the time being. With us and Sean all in there together, it’s going to be a tight squeeze as it is. I don’t care what you do to be honest. Mario here has given you a list to start on.”

Jack nodded. “My guy is on his way. He just texted me. We’ll make a start on repairing the fences and gates.”

“Good man,” Pete said with a smile, before turning towards the kids and their mothers.

“Troy, you help us unload, then go help Jack.” Troy nodded, excited to actually start work.

“Now you lot,” he said addressing the younger ones and the women.

“We need the vans set up for tonight. We’re going to need to clean all them properly before we leave, but for now, go pick out whichever one you want to stay in, and give it a rough clean, just to make it presentable. I want you kids to take the mattresses out and shake them, then make your beds. You’ll need to sweep them out, and wipe down the benches. Sue, Sonia, and Paula will be around to give you all a hand. I guess you lot are hungry too?”

The kids all nodded, especially the boys. They were almost always hungry.

“We’ve got a heap of sandwiches, rolls, and juice boxes in the big cooler in the back of my ute, go help yourselves to it. Sue? After you girls give the kids a hand, you might want to clean the barbecues in the camp kitchen. I think dinner tonight won’t be too fancy.”

“Mr Jacobs?” Aiden said, putting his hand up. “Anything I can do to help?”

Peter smiled at him. “Just help out mate. Do whatever needs doing. I’m sure your friends will appreciate a hand.”

“Yes sir,” he beamed, happy to be a part of it. Besides, it was still early. If they got everything done, they’d still have heaps of time for a swim later!

The kids unloaded the cooler, then the men drove over to the toilets or the fences, whatever they were allocated to do. Aiden stood back as the others started eating, until Scotty motioned him forward, talking with his mouth full.

“Come on Aids. Dig in. There’s heaps here.”

Nikki was about to object. After all, the food was supposed to be for them, not this annoying little blow in. His own dad was here, why the heck wasn’t he making the kids lunch?

She glanced at Amy, and saw that her friend was watching her, waiting for her to say something, and she reddened a bit, keeping her mouth shut, and feeling a bit petty about herself.

Before they had finished eating, Aiden started talking excitedly, chewing with his mouth open, dropping food everywhere. Nikki looked on in disgust.

“Guys,” he was saying, “I know which is the best van! Maria showed me yesterday! It’s the biggest one and all. You should totally take it before anyone else does!”

Scott, Dan, and Matt exchanged an excited glance. It sounded perfect.

“Come on! I’ll show ya!” Aiden said, and took off running, with his three friends following, leaving Amy and Nikki behind, half eaten sandwiches in their hands.

A look of disappointment passed between them.

*1087*2019-08-29 12:29

{{6 hours ago, mikey mike said:

I see a Nikki / Aiden feud brewing..... Great stuff as usual Barry

}}

I don’t know what’s up with Nikki. She seems upset and something. A bit out of character.

*1089*2019-08-31 00:44

Chapter 10

Boys vs Girls

Thursday Afternoon

“Friggin boys,” Nikki muttered, as her and Amy started walking towards the van. “Honestly, it’s like being around a pack of toddlers sometimes! Like did you see the way they just had to go running around outside playing football this morning? It’s like sometimes all they wanna do, is hang out doing stupid boy stuff with each other.”

Amy gave a small chuckle, and put an arm around her friends shoulders. “Don’t be too harsh on them Nik. Remember what the nuns told us in Human Development class? Girls mature faster than boys do. I guess our lot are proof of that.”

“Amen,” Nikki mumbled.

“I guess they’re happy that a school mate is here. We’d probably be the same if one of the girls from school rocked up.” Amy suggested.

“Uh-uh,” Nikki said forcefully. “I don’t need anyone else up here. I’ve got Scotty, you, and Dan. That’s all I care about. Matty too I guess.” She gave Amy’s hand a quick squeeze, letting her know that she meant it.

“Hey Nik? Have you and Scotty had that talk? About the bed wetting?”

“Not yet,” she replied with a sigh. “I really thought he would’ve said something by now.”

“So he still doesn’t know you know?”

“Course not. I can’t just bloody well tell him I’ve known about it for weeks, can I?”

“I thought you were going to ease into it? Tell him you knew what it was like yourself?”

She sighed again, even deeper. “That WAS my plan. I thought if I told him I sometimes wet the bed, or at least used to, then he’d tell me about himself, but I just can’t seem to bring it up. I guess I know why he hasn’t said anything, after all, he’s probably worried I’ll freak out. I mean, I even know that HE won’t freak out if I tell him about myself, but I still can’t make myself say anything. Besides, we’re not really alone very often. If it’s not Matt, it’s you and Danny, or Ali, or our parents. Even bloody Troy hangs around and spies on us. I’m kinda hoping to get Scott by himself at some stage, but now friggin’ baby face is here, it looks like the boys will be ‘Playing With Their Little Friend’ all the time.”

The air quotes were added for emphasis, and Amy could sense her friends frustration.

“Don’t stress so much, Nik. Come on, let’s go pick our own van. I’ll bet we can make it much nicer than the boys van anyway.”

They walked past the boys van, and could hear the guys carrying on inside, as they checked it out. Cries of “Awesome,” and “Radical,” could be heard clearly. There was an open van on either side of the boys, and they immediately settled on the left one. It was almost as big as the one the guys were in, and they couldn’t see anything about it that would make it any less “awesome” or “radical” at all.

Both vans had a similar layout. A double bed at both ends, and a pair of bench seats with a table in the middle , that all folded down into another double bed. There was a sink, a stove, and various cupboards, but no bathroom or toilet. The outside of each featured a large, solid annexe, giving some privacy and shade to the door on the side. They weren’t exactly modern in design, but to a bunch of excited kids, they held more promise than a week in a mansion. This was their home for at least a week, their own private castle. A home with no grownups, where they could do whatever they wanted to, within reason of course.

Amy and Nikki were walking back to the cars to get a broom and some cleaning supplies, when Scott saw them through the window.

“Hey Nik! Amy! Come and check it out,” he shouted.

Nikki barely glanced at him, before shouting back “Oh? You remembered that we’re actually here with you, did ya? Maybe later. Ames and me have got our own van to clean out. Neighbor. Come on Ames!” She grabbed her friends arm and dragged her away before Amy could even think about going inside.

“Ouch!” Amy whispered in a giggle. “Bazinga.”

Nikki chuckled, and soon they were leaning against each other, laughing as they walked away.

Scott turned towards his friends. “What was all that about,” he said, sounding confused.

Dan shrugged. “Girls,” was all he could say by way of explanation.

The girls grabbed two brooms, and enough cleaning stuff for both them and the guys, just to show there was no hard feelings. There was a plastic tub full of various cleaners, cloths, and sprays, so they grabbed a side each, threw a broom over their shoulders, and walked back.

“Here guys. If you want to spend any time with us at all today, you better get your ‘man cave’ sorted out,” Amy said, before grabbing what she needed from the tub, and going into her van with Nikki. Once inside, Nikki gave her a big high five, and they dissolved into a fit of giggles.

“Well played Ames!” Nikki said, trying to keep quiet so the boys wouldn’t hear.

Amy was leaning against the wall, tears in her eyes, thinking about the shocked look they had seen on Dan and Scotty’s faces when they had just dumped the bin and walked off. She was almost choking with laughter, and suddenly her bladder gave a twitch.

“Oh my God, Nik, I’m wetting myself,” she declared, spreading her legs a bit and slightly squatting, as her big pull up became very wet and heavy between her legs. Her right thumb went to her mouth, and she nibbled at her nail, as she lost all control and soaked herself.

It was one of the things that she loved about being with Nikki. If she had an accident, she didn’t have to try and hide it, and it was a freeing feeling to be able to openly admit that she’d wet her pants, and not feel any embarrassment by it.

When she’d finished, she looked between her legs, and ran her hand around down there, then turned her back to her friend. “Is my bum wet Nik? I don’t think I leaked?”

Nikki couldn’t help herself. She ran a hand gently across Amy’s bottom, even slightly between her legs, and gave the diaper a little squeeze through the sweatpants.

“No Ames. You feel very good, I mean you look good,” she said with a blush, and Amy blushed as well, but returned her smile.

Suddenly feeling a bit uncomfortable, Nikki quickly changed the subject, sort of. “Your diapers are still back in the car,” she said. “Want me to run up and fetch your bag?”

Amy shrugged. “Nah. Let’s get this place cleaned up first, then we’ll bring all our stuff down here at once. I’ll get changed then. Maybe put a dress or shorts on.”

Next door, the boys had started cleaning, as well as teenage boys can possibly clean anyway. Matt was sweeping, while Dan and Scotty wiped down all the benches and ledges. Aiden tried to just stay out of the way, and he stood in the annex.

“What’s up with the girls?” Dan pondered, echoing Scott’s earlier question.

Matt, who wasn’t renowned for sticking his nose in, gave a chuckle. “Man. Are you guys for real? They’re pissed of atcha. Can’t you see that?”

“But why?” Dan and Scott asked, almost in unison.

Matt shook his head. His friends were the ones who had girlfriends, yet they couldn’t see what he could. “Youse two are thick, you know that? You’ve hardly spoken a word to ‘em since we got here. We all just ran off and left them too. No wonder they’re mad at you.”

A look of shocked understanding passed between the other boys, and Scott muttered “Shit,” under his breath.

“Don’t sweat it,” Matt advised. “They’ll get over it, just be extra nice to ‘em later, when we get this done. Stop ignoring them.”

Once again, the big fella had proved that although he didn’t say much, when he did, he was worth listening too, and Dan and Scott nodded humbly.

As it was, the frostiness between the boys and girls was broken even quicker than they had hoped. Suddenly, a loud scream came from next door. The boys looked at each other, and ran over as fast as they could, to find Amy and Nikki standing outside, laughing uneasily and looking shaky.

“Spider! Big!” Nikki said, pointing inside.

Scott went in, and saw a mattress half off the bed, and a large spider on the wall. Nikki was standing outside, looking in.

“I lifted the bed up, and that, that THING came out,” she said with a shudder. “I can’t handle them Scotty! Can you get rid of it? Please?”

Now Scotty wasn’t a particular fan of spiders either, but he couldn’t act scared in front of his girlfriend! This monstrosity was too big to squash without making a mess, so he took a small bowl from the tub over cleaning supplies, and managed to trap it, sliding a bit of paper under the upturned bowl before gingerly picking it up, and almost running outside to let it go well away from the vans.

Nikki ran up to him and hugged him tightly, planting a kiss on his cheek.

“Thankyouthankyouthankyou,” she whispered in his ear. “I almost peed my pants when that ran out,” she said, looking at him to judge his reaction.

Scotty smiled at her, feeling every bit like the brave knight who had conquered a mighty dragon. He patted her on the bottom.

“Maybe we should make you wear one of Amy’s diapers, just in case there’s more of them,” he suggested, which shocked her. As it was, she was very relieved that she was no longer wearing the pull up that she’d worn earlier! He would definitely have felt it otherwise.

They were standing well away from the others, and nobody could hear them, but they all watched on with a smile. Dan sidled up to Amy, and put his arm around her, giving her a kiss on the cheek.

“I’m sorry babe. I didn’t mean to ignore you.”

She cuddled him back, and gave him an even bigger kiss. “I know sweetie. It didn’t really bother me too much. Nikki was the one who got a bit miffed.” She then punched him on the arm. Hard.

“But don’t do it again!”

After that, they all worked together as a team. The boys removed all the bedding, and took care of the bugs and spiders, while the girls cleaned. The vans actually weren’t too bad to begin with, just dusty. They’d been cleaned properly after they were last used, but had been sitting idle for a long time, so it was more dust and cobwebs than anything else. Once they were clean, a LOT of bug spray was generously applied, and the windows opened.

All in all, it didn’t take too long working as a team.

Just as they were packing up, a large saloon car pulled in, parking outside The Lodge.

*1092*2019-09-02 23:51

Chapter 11

The Thoughts Of Maria

Thursday

Maria was feeling good about herself, and really looking forward to the rest of the day. She felt pretty.

Feeling pretty wasn’t usually a thing that she thought a lot about, in fact, she hardly ever thought about it. She KNEW she was pretty, at least that’s what her mama, her nonna, and virtually everyone always told her, but she really didn’t care. She was unlike most girls her age in that regard, in the way that she would much rather be wearing old clothes that didn’t matter if they got dirty, and she’d definitely rather be running around outside playing than fussing over stupid stuff like hair, and makeup. Her mama called her a tomboy, and Maria guessed that she was probably right.

Even as a little girl she hadn’t had much time for girlie toys, and would much rather play with things like toy cars and action figures instead of Barbie Dolls. She hated wearing shoes, loved climbing trees, and doing exciting stuff, like building a fort, or riding her BMX, and boxing. She loved boxing, which made her papa smile and her mama groan in despair. Maria wanted to box in competitions, but her mama had put her foot down there. Yes, she could train and spar, but there was no way her little girl was going to go out of her way to be punched in the face!

She was on her way back from getting her hair done, a chore which she fidgeted her way through with much exaggerated sighing, and was currently enjoying a chocolate milkshake, which she’d already managed to spill down the front of her pretty white flower dress, something that she honestly didn’t care about, but had her mama complaining loudly, although not too seriously.

Her thoughts had turned to stuff like being pretty, only because she had to admit that her raven black hair DID look a lot better now, and the haircut had been worth the aggravation, even though it had seriously cut into her valuable playtime with Aiden.

Aiden. He was one of the reasons that she was secretly pleased that she looked pretty. Usually, she thought that being pretty was nothing but a chore, and certainly not worth the effort that a lot of girls put into it, but because he was staying with them, she was kind of pleased about it for once.

Most girls wanted to be pretty so that boys would look at them, but that had never been the case with Maria, up until now at least. She hadn’t had any interest in boys whatsoever, except for being better at stuff than they were. She could outrun, outbox, out climb, and outride most boys her age, and that’s all she had ever cared about.

Until Aiden.

Another big drawback to being pretty, was that other girls got jealous, like she was doing it on purpose just to spite them, and that was insane! Why on earth would she waste her time trying to look pretty for boys, who she really didn’t care about.

Until Aiden.

It really had been easier when she had been a lot younger, Maria thought. Back then, boys and girls just played together, challenging each other, and she would usually win whatever challenge that was going. There was none of this stupid, lovey-dovey boy/girl stuff going on, the sort of stuff that more and more of her friends were becoming interested in lately. Why did stuff have to change all of a sudden? It was so much better before, when boys were just there to be beaten.

Until Aiden.

Honestly, the jealousy that some girls showed to each other was just ridiculous. That was one of the reasons that she’d got into a fight at her last school. The bigger girls had actually been picking on her because she was pretty! Like she even cared! It was ridiculous. The older she got, the more she was coming to the realisation that not every girl wanted to be her friend, not like when she was much younger. It sucked, really. Maria didn’t want to compete against any girl, unless it was in a test of strength or skill, certainly not in any sort of beauty contest! She really just didn’t care, or hadn’t done so far.

Until Aiden.

There was something just so, well, nice about him. He was fun, adventurous, and she almost hated to admit it, but well, he was kind of cute too! So far, they’d had a lot of fun together, a lot more fun than she usually had with other girls, what with their stupid hair and makeup stuff, and pretty clothes and shoes. Really, didn’t they know what they were missing out on by not running around outside getting dirty. Boys were definitely a lot more fun in that regard, which is why she usually preferred to hang around with them, not for the dumb kissy stuff.

Until Aiden.

They’d already given each other little pecks on the nose or cheeks, and she couldn’t help but wonder what it would be like to kiss him on the lips, just like they did it the movies....

Her thoughts were interrupted by her mama, “Maria, how was your bed this morning? Do I gotta change your sheets today?”

A lot of twelve year olds would wince at this question, but not Maria. She occasionally wet the bed, (usually, but not always accidentally,) and her mama and papa knew it happened. They didn’t blame her, so why on earth would she feel guilty or bad about it?

“No mama. My bed is ok. I did get wet though. Sorry.”

She added the apology just because she though that she should, not because she felt any guilt about it. Her mama’s reply only confirmed that.

“Oh Maria! Itsa okay. You don’t haveta be sorry. These things happen. But you sure your beds okay?”

“Yes mama. Only my pull up got wet. I got rid of it properly too.”

“Good girl,” her mama replied, not knowing her pull up had gotten wet well after her daughter had actually woken up and got out of bed.

Of course, this only made Maria think about Aiden, like most things over the past 24 hours had. She tried not to grin too much when she remembered the shocked look on his (cute) face when she’d admitted to wetting her diaper earlier, and her pants yesterday.

She still wasn’t exactly sure why she’d told him. She knew that most kids would be freaked out if you just told them that you’d had an accident, and perhaps that was part of the reason that she’d just told him yesterday. Simple curiosity as to what exactly he’d say or do. Way back then, she hadn’t even known him, and telling him that she’d wet her pants in the car was little more than a social experiment. If he got freaked out, it wouldn’t have bothered her in the slightest. After all, he was nothing more than a (cute?) stranger to her then, so she hadn’t really cared.

Then, after, he’d seemed sort of fascinated by the wet spot on her pants after she’d gone wee’s in the bush, plus he’d told her that he sometimes peed in his sleep as well, and his pants! That was when she’d first started thinking that this boy might be something special. Perhaps he liked doing it on purpose sometimes as well! Maria had never met anyone else who might understand the naughty thrill of doing a wee in their pants, like she did.

Her wet diaper this morning had been a real accident, she hadn’t lied about that. She had woken up dry, but needing to pee, but had wanted to make sure her new friend was still there, so she had delayed her potty stop. Then, the distraction of Coco Pops had proven too much. She knew that she really had to pee, but surely it could wait till after breakfast?

Then they had started laughing.

Suddenly, a big squirt of hot wee had shot out, then another one straight away. She had squeezed her legs together, and momentarily stopped it, but it was like trapped there, waiting to come out. Maria knew that as soon as she moved that she would leak again, so she opened her legs up a bit, and let it trickle out. After all, her night nappy was already wet by then anyway, so technically it was too late.

When Maria had stood up, and especially when she bent over, it had become very apparent that her bladder was no where near empty, and now it had been allowed to release itself a bit, it was going to let go completely. She had tried to make it to the toilet, but her fingers and legs got all wet on the way.

Still, Aiden didn’t flinch. It was like he was actually interested in her wetting herself. It was interesting, to say the least. They had already agreed to go swimming later, and she had resolved to herself that she would definitely pee her pants in front of him, just to gauge his reaction. She really hoped that he’d do it too, but didn’t really expect that he would though. Although she thought that he would look mega-cute if he did wet himself with her later!

Speaking of looking cute, she thought he’d looked absolutely adorable in his little night nappy! That was another thing that kind of, well, attracted her to him, he wore pull ups to bed as well. As she got older, she knew it was very uncommon for kids her age to still wet the bed and wear nappies, and she couldn’t believe that she’d actually found another kid like her, and up here, of all places! She cringed internally when she remembered a conversation with her friends a few years ago. They had been playing truth or dare, and someone had asked her when was the last time that she had wet the bed.

Maria had been nine, and obviously knew that not many nine year olds still wet in their sleep, but her folks didn’t mind, and these were her best friends that she was playing with, and a lot of embarrassing stuff had already been shared in whispered giggles, with nobody seeming to care too much about what was being admitted to. So she’d answered honestly, thinking it was kind of funny.

“Two nights ago,” she’d giggled. “My pull up was soaked when I woke up!”

Ugh. She vividly recalled how the conversation just died, and how her friends had just stopped, and looked at each other. She hadn’t meant to say anything about her pull up, but in all the excitement of admitting something really secret, it had just popped out.

“Wait. Your what?” Emily had said, clearly shocked, and everyone had laughed, but not as nicely as before.

The teasing had started then, and had lasted for a long time. With the conversation now on bed wetting, the other girls all admitted to doing it at least once before, but the fact that their friend still wore pull ups to bed took any embarrassment away from them, and allowed them to freely admit that it had happened to them as well, but at least they didn’t still need baby pants!

Thankfully, the story hadn’t spread around the school, after all, they were her friends, but after that, the nickname of Baby Maria had been used for quite awhile amongst them. As it was, she was a little bit shorter than other girls her age, so her confession only helped to fuel the fire.

After that, she never, EVER, mentioned bed wetting or pull ups around her friends again, although every time that she refused an invitation to a sleepover, her friends would giggle knowingly and whisper “Baby Maria” to her.

That was probably why she had just openly admitted to the new boy that she’d wet her pants yesterday. She didn’t know him, and although he looked nice, she really didn’t care. She was merely interested in his reaction. There had been no other kids around to find out about it, and if any more turned up, it would be his word against hers anyway.

Besides, she knew just by looking at him, that she could beat the crap out of him if she had too!

They were approaching the park again now, and her mama turned and spoke to her again.

“Sweetie, you try anda keep your pants dry today, ok? I know you wanna go running around witha Aiden, but you really can’t be just not caring ‘bout going to the toilet like you do when you by yourself. I know itsa not a big deal, but you don’t want Aiden thinking you’re a baby or something, do you? Besides, you never have accidents at school, so I know there’sa no reason you should have them at home, is there?”

Maria stifled her grin. “No mama. You’re right. I’ll be careful, promise.”

“Good girl. You go to the toilet and get changed when we getta back, okay? Put some old clothes on, eh? You already gotta milk all over your dress already.”

“Yes mama,” Maria agreed.

She did feel a slight need to pee building, after all, she hadn’t gone since wetting herself earlier on, but she had no intention at all of using the toilet whatsoever! Her and Aiden were going for a swim later, and they had already agreed that they were going to wet themselves on the beach. She couldn’t wait! It was going to be so much fun! She did shift a little bit in her seat though. She hadn’t really given any thoughts about needing to pee until her mama mentioned it, but now she realised that she actually did need to go, at least a little bit.

As the car pulled in, Maria started looking around anxiously, wondering where her friend was. Straight away she noticed that there was another four cars parked in the middle, one towing a big boat. Apparently papas workers had started to arrive. She wondered if there were anymore kids up here with them. Not that she cared at all, she had Aiden to play with now.

There he was! Walking along talking to a big bunch of kids, all bigger than what they were. It was strange. Aiden was talking and laughing as if he knew them already! She had to find out what exactly this was all about.

Forgetting her earlier promise to her mama about going to the toilet and getting changed, and ignoring her mamas protest, she kicked off her sandals, left the empty milkshake container in the car, and started striding purposely towards Aiden and these new kids.

*1095*2019-09-03 11:54

{{7 hours ago, mikey mike said:

Great stuff again Barry I think there's going to be a bit of trouble before things begin to balance out....

}}

I have that same feeling mate. Something doesn’t feel right to me.....lol.

Sorry to everyone for the temporary slowdown in production, but I’ve been busier than a one-armed diaper changer in an ABDL camp.

*1098*2019-09-03 23:48

Chapter 12

Girls, This Is Maria

Thursday

“Look everyone! Maria’s here!” Aiden squealed. “You’re gonna love her. She’s awesome,” and he ran forward to greet her.

Maria smiled when she saw him breaking away from these new kids, and her whole face lit up. Her high cheekbones lifted, her little pink lips spread in a wide grin, showing off her flawless white teeth. The sun was glistening off her jet black hair, which cascaded down and over her shoulders, and there was a definite spring in her step, as her little bare feet seemed to almost float across the grass. Even though her dress had chocolate milk stains on it, it hugged her chest, showing how her boobs were starting to grow, and the olive skin on her arms, legs, and shoulders, contrasted strikingly against it.

Although she was only twelve, the other kids were only thirteen or fourteen themselves, and her natural confidence and physical presence more than made up for her slightly short stature, and her still budding physical development.

Matty nudged Scott, who stage whispered an awed “Wowwww,” which unfortunately Nikki heard as well, and shot him a dirty look as he stood there, mouth slightly open.

Maria grabbed Aidens hand easily, and they smiled at each other, sharing a quietly spoken ‘Hello,’ before the two barefoot children walked back hand-in-hand towards the group.

Aiden started babbling excitedly, trying to introduce her to everyone at once, and didn’t even realise that he’d subconsciously given his penis a little grab through his shorts. He was so excited!

Eventually the introductions were made, and all the boys were smiling at her, but not so much the girls. Amy was polite, but noncommittal, while Nikki was looking at her with a barely disguised dislike.

Maria could sense some tension coming from these older girls, and didn’t understand why. After all, they’d only just met. She stayed quiet while Aiden explained that these were actually his friends from school! His best mates apparently.

She eventually worked out enough from his over excited babble, that they were all in the same year together, and the two girls, who he had only just met for the first time himself, were in grade seven, although the taller blonde one (Amy?) definitely looked older than the shorter brown haired one.

“These are Scotty and Dans girlfriends that I was tellin’ you about? The ones that go to St Margarets Senior?”

Maria sensed an opportunity to make friends here, based on the solidarity of going to the same school, albeit a different campus.

“Oh! Hi! I’ve just started going to St Margarets myself,” she said with her usual confidence. “I’m still at the junior campus until next year. I’m in grade six.”

Nikki sniffed, and rolled her eyes.

“Huh. Friggin’ twelvie,” she muttered.

Maria’s eyes suddenly darkened. This girl in front of her didn’t look all that much older than what she herself was. Yes, she was a few inches taller, but so were a lot of her friends that were the same age. This taller girl was still quite flat chested herself, and certainly didn’t appear to be a lot different in age than she was.

Maria stepped forward, and Aiden saw her little hands balling themselves into fists, as she naturally put her left foot forward, and balanced herself comfortably on the balls of her feet, just like her brother had taught her. He put a restraining hand on her arm, as Nikki’s eyes widened a bit, as she hastily took a step back. For a split second, she had thought that this ‘twelvie’ was actually going to take a swing at her!

“Whaddya mean by that?” Maria asked, her voice suddenly flat and emotionless.

“Hey, nothing! Calm down,” Nikki spluttered. “Sorry,” she hastily added.

“Nik.....” Amy said in a warning tone. “Chill out, okay?”

Nikki blushed, and suddenly Maria felt uncomfortable. Her emotions were everywhere. She had gone from the excitement of seeing Aiden, happiness at finding him, nervousness at finding new kids, hopefulness at the prospect of having fun after discovering he knew them, to outright anger, all in the space of about three minutes. Now she didn’t know what to think!

An awkward silence fell, and Maria was about to just walk away, resigned to leaving Aiden here with his so-called “friends,” and playing by herself, until Amy stepped forward and gave her a smile, offering her hand.

“Amy,” she said by way of formal introduction as the smaller girl shook it. “This is your dads place huh? It’s really cool! We love it. I’m so glad your folks let us tag along too, I’ll bet we all can have a lot of fun together here.”

Amy thought she may have sounded a bit trite, but apparently it had been the right thing to say. Maria’s smile returned just as quickly as it had departed, and she shook the bigger girls hand firmly, making direct eye contact with her.

“Maria,” she said, copying Amy’s introduction. “Thanks. It’s a really cool place. I love coming up here, but it does get kinda lonely sometimes. Aiden and me had a ball yesterday, didn’t we? Aiden?”

He stepped forward, and grabbed her hand again, agreeing with her.

“I guess it’s kinda cool you guys all know each other. I was a bit worried ‘bout having a bunch of strangers around.”

“It’s only the boys that know each other,” Amy smiled. “We only just met him. I’m glad there’s another girl here now. Nik and me were getting kind of outnumbered by stupid boys all of a sudden!”

Maria couldn’t help but giggle at that. This Amy girl might be okay after all. She turned her attention to Nikki, arched an eyebrow, and looked challengingly at her, although she did offer her hand.

Nikki tried to maintain the eye contact, but couldn’t, and had to drop her gaze, although she did step forward again and offer her hand.

“Nikki,” she said softly. “Uh, Sorry ‘bout before, okay?”

Maria grabbed her hand in a very firm grip, establishing dominance like her papa had taught her. She gave a weak smile. “S’okay,” she said simply.

It got a bit quiet then, until Dan suggested that they take their bedding and clothes to the vans, and finish settling in. Then, perhaps they could start exploring.

Maria smiled at him. “Me and Aiden are going for a swim later. Maybe you guys wanna come along too?”

Everyone agreed that would be a great idea, and they headed towards the cars. More cars were pulling up now, and it looked like all of the workers had finally arrived. The boys fathers were all greeting them warmly, so the kids just collected their bags and left, with all but Matt carrying extra bags with mattress protectors hidden deep inside.

Maria and Aiden left them to it, and ran towards the playground together, agreeing to meet up soon.

