The Jeep

Author: p4mepls

*000*2013-04-24 02:33

$$

"This is Saturday night and I, m not staying home". shari told her sister who also happened to be her roomate", if you want to stay home fine but I'm not". Melony really didn't wish to stay home either, but didn't want to go to a club. "I know you want to go to that dance at the lake don't you Shari?"Melony asked trying to persuade Shari into joining her at the festivities taking place out at stoney creek lake. "Not really "came the response that Melony didn't want to hear but took it in stride. 'Ok then but I know that Bo is gonna be there with his Jeep. "Bo? you mean that big o boy with the chest and huge muscels and Jeans and all that blonde hair and blue eyes ? You mean that Bo"?Shari asked excitedly. "Yep thats the one. "ok I'm going. "Couldn't have guessed. "Melony remarked rather smuggly.

Bo stripped the top of the jeep off because it had been a hot day and the night was certainley going to be a warm one as well. Bo drove grain truck for some local farms in and around the county and harvest season had just finished. It was now time to kick back and do some serious beer drinking and dancing and if all went well hook up with one the towns honeys, and it didn't matter which one!

Bo liked girls and they liked him but he couldn't see him self settleling down at 23 years old hell he didn't know if he'd ever consider it, he was just out to have fun and besides he hated drama. Bo was in love once back in high school but it only turned out bad and he vowed never again. It was hi time to get reaquainted with the what they had to offer however and , that, he was sure would happen tonight. After disrobing the jeep he ran into his house stripped down and proceeded to shower throw down a sandwhich real quick like and out the door he flew as if know one in the world was gonna stop him tonight.

People begin to gather up in the empty just cut wheat field which bordered the lake that was to serve as the festival hot spot for the night. There were several large tents donated by the local national guard armory and a make shift stage where a live band would later be performing rock and row and country hits. Beer kegs bbq and lots of games were all set up for the crowds enjoyment. Young and old alike were present and it appeared there would be something for every age, who wished to participate. Pickups and 4wheelers, jeeps and tractors were quickly filling the makeshift parking area and it appeared that some of the local hot rodders started a little car show off in the corner of the field.

Shari and Melony road together in Sharis'Pontiac Grand Prix. They quickly found a place to park got out and headed for the beer. They both enjoyed drinking ice cold Bud Lites or Wine coolers, but tonight was definately an all beer night. After a couple of cold ones Shari annoouced she had to pee but didn't want to walk over to the portables. "I'm gonna hold it for now" she told her younger sister and with that they decided to walk around some more. After several minutes Shari knew she wasn't going to be able to hold it much longer and asked Melony if she had to go yet?She figured that her sister would walk with to the portables and use the bathroom too, but Melony just said she didn't want to go to the bathroom yet and kept walking around. They played a few games and hit the beer troughs a couple more times.

Shari was by now getting desperate but didn't want to go with out her sister. Just then Bo walked up and looked directly at Shari, with that look of desire he said" howdy girls want to get some brews"?Before they could answer and before they knew it, they were hot on his heals to get more beer. Shari started drinking hers but knew she couldn't drink it fast because of her predicument, which she did not care to disclose with Bos' ever presence. Shari was wearing tight blue jean shorts cut way high and a white tank top which showed a great deal of cleavege. Her sister was dressed the same except her tank top was red.

After another couple of beers Bo decided it was time to take that ride around the lake. This of course meant through the woods and trails that circled the lake not the paved roads. He asked the two girls to come along and they quickley accepted the invite. They were giggleling and holding hands as they ran towards the jeep which was waiting for them. Bo cried out "hey wait for me" and took off to beat the two there, as he did. Once there they all had to take a minute to catch thier breath before climbing up inside the monsterous beast. Shari had to be helped in but did manage to get into the passenger seat. She had forgotten for the the moment that she had to pee badley and besides she was drunk enough that she didn't care if she peed her shorts. Melony on the other was wishing she had gone with her sister to pee, but she knew it was to late now. Once they were on the way any thought of stopping this joy ride was unthinkable, so she would have to hold it.

Bo was an expert at manuvering the jeep through the trails and did so brilliantly, but he had no mercy for his riders and with every bump and jump and scream of half terror and excileration came the ever inevatable chance someone was about to pee their pants and Melony was first. "Oh my God I'm gonna pee!"she screamed half laughing half crying. Bo just started laughing and whooooing and kept going. "I'm gonna make her pee her pants"he shouted out and started jerking the wheel back and forth than started driving in a circle spinning up dust from the huge tires. Melony laughing histerically tried to speak but only could murmur the words "I'm peeing"and as she clenched her legs together her hot piss began pooring into her shorts and all over the back seat of the jeep. Bo had stopped the jeep and peered at Melony who now had her legs open and half attempting to stand up while peeing a solid steady stream of clear liquid onto the seat and floor of jeep.

It seemed to go on for an entire minute before she stopped. When she did she looked at Bo and Shari and said "God that felt great"!I have to pee too Melony"Shari said sounding like a two year old little girl and with that through her head back and told Bo she was" sorry but. . . its to late". She grabbed her crotch and with a loud moan started peeing herself. She let her pee fill her shorts and ass and the seat of the jeep and as she continued to pee it begin to run down the back of her legs and onto the floor. She peed even longer than her sister did and when she finished she said" I needed to do that for a long time and oh yes it felt good to pee".

Shari then looked at Bo and said "well Bo your turn". Bo looked at her like she was crazy and said "uh no not me". Come on Bo" Melony said half pleading lets see that big cock of yours wetting those wranglers. "Yea Bo Lets see it you might get a surprise if you do it. "Oh yea whats that?Bo asked. " Us, you get to fuck us both Bo, "how bout that"? Damn ok I'll do it I've had to piss for an hour anyway". Bo stood up in the jeep and began rubbing his crotch until his pee started escaping him and flooding his jeans. He looked down at himself and gasped, and then said" man that does feel good". When he was finished he looked at the two lovely bodies in front of him Who had already taken off all thier cloths and was now helping him out of his. They had a great time frolicking in the fields in that jeep. . . . . . . for manys summers to come.

