Sisterhood of Blood - Page 7

Author: frostyjr2

*152*2013-08-19 03:53

Well, another weekend, another chapter of SoB.

I'm happy that at least a couple of friends took the time to post a comment, and I'm hopeful that some of the others viewing are enjoying this tale also.

I'm already working on the next chapter, so stay tuned... there's still more to come !

Thanks to everyone who took the time to read the story so far.

\/###\/

*154*2013-08-23 11:46

Dear friends, fans and fiends, yes, it's Friday once again, and that means it's time for the next thrilling episode of my omo vampire tale.

(I seriously hope your air conditioning unit or fan is working... )

Enjoy it, and please, please, pretty please take a moment to leave a brief comment to keep me motivated !

Thanks !!!

And now, without further delay:

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (PT. 16)

FOR THE DEAD TRAVEL FAST (Vicky)

Somewhere between Cannes and Paris, 1996

(sound track: When Doves Cry/Beautifully Broken, by Gov't Mule)

%http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4neIJ3yGH4

Vicky had already been feeling the urge to pee pretty badly when the three of them boarded the evening TGV train to travel back from Cannes to the Gare de Lyon in Paris.

Her sadistic sisters Judith and Kris hadn’t allowed her to use the bathroom back at the hotel in the intervening time since their little show at the Petit Bal des Vampires.

This was her punishment for losing control of her bladder so unexpectedly the night before and almost ruining their performance, which would have resulted in them forfeiting their fee if it weren’t for Judith’s quick thinking to auction her off to the highest bidder, if only for the tasting.

“I guess you need a bit more practice at holding.” Kris had said with her usual evil laugh.

“Well, we can certainly arrange that easily enough!”

And so it had begun.

Now, quite a few hours later, Vicky was leaking urine at a fairly steady rate into her full-back bikini panties.

The cotton crotch panel was already close to soaked; she was afraid that it wouldn’t be able to fully absorb the next uncontrollable spurt of pee when it happened, so she sat very upright with her legs tightly double crossed trying to put pressure on her tortured bladder’s sphincter muscles while keeping pressure off of the bladder itself.

Still, she knew that the next little squirt was inevitable and that a trickle of hot pee would soon be running down the inside of her shapely thighs. She wished that she could hold herself down there, both because the pressure on her wee hole would help keep the urine in and because she was not a little aroused by her humiliating predicament, but Judith and Kris had absolutely forbidden her to touch herself there in any way ever since they had taken possession of her back in Paris years ago.

They wanted to reinforce that fact that she was their little toy to do with as they pleased and that she had no control or say in the matter, and after all this time she was well trained and conditioned to do exactly as they wished.

So if they wanted her to hold until she couldn’t anymore and was forced to wet herself in public, that’s what she’d have to do, even if it was totally humiliating.

She even found that incredibly thrilling for some strange reason, by her own natural inclination as well as from her training.

So now she sat there, right on the verge of completely losing control and wetting herself, but trying desperately to hold on for as long as possible before the inevitable finally did occur.

She turned and looked out of the window to try and take her mind off of her desperate state but what little she could make out of the scenery was rushing by so quickly that it was making her queasy, and she had to look away after only a brief moment or two.

So instead, she looked across the small table to where Judith and Kris both sat opposite her.

Judith was reading a book in some foreign language Vicky didn’t recognize, while Kris was watching her Intently, enjoying every second of her enforced desperation.

“So, how are we feeling now, sweetie? Kind of full, are we?”

The small redhead grinned at her evilly.

“I bet you’d really love to be able to use the rest room right this second, wouldn’t you?” she said quietly as she took a long sip from her large bottle of Evian water.

Vicky just squirmed even more in her seat as she felt a few more drops of pee escape from her bladder and leak past the bottleneck of her tortured urethra into the little white cotton schoolgirl panties she was wearing under her short denim skirt.

Those panties were totally wet by now, but she was still managing to hold back the main flood somehow, using every bit of concentration and willpower she had in order to do it.

At least, for the moment, it felt warm down there from her aroused wetness.

The white cotton tank top she had on wasn’t doing much to make her comfortable since the air conditioning on the high tech train was going full blast. That was keeping her nipples erect, and the sensation of them rubbing against her thin shirt was adding to her arousal just as much as the cold air blowing on her exposed skin was adding to her urgent need to release the contents of her all too full bladder.

She tried to discreetly undo the top button of her denim mini to relieve some of the pressure, but Kris was watching her too closely.

“And just what do you think you’re doing?” she said harshly, leaning over and smacking Vicky’s hand away from the waistband of her skirt.

“Please, Kris! I’m begging you, please, let me just undo the button,” Vicky pleaded softly. “You know I can’t take this too much longer.”

“You’ll hold for as long as we make you hold, little girl. And I swear if you have an accident in public, you’ll be punished even more severely for it. You know I’m not kidding, either.”

That was typical Kris, though.

First she would manipulate poor Vicky into a situation where it was impossible for her not to have an accident in public, then she’d threaten a severe consequence for any loss of control, fully aware that there was no way for Vicky to not lose control of her bladder and pee her panties eventually, no matter how hard she tried.

So Kris would just sit back and enjoy the show every time, and she would enjoy the guaranteed punishment session that would always follow even more.

"What a bitch…she knows I'm going to end up losing control anyway ..."

Almost right on cue, Victoria felt another small spurt of urine escape, dampening her bikini panties once again before she was able to contract her weakened pelvic floor muscles to stem the flow.

“OMG…. I’m going to wet my knickers soon, I can’t help myself,” she thought, her mind occupied with her desperate state almost to the point of excluding all else.

She squeezed her legs together as tightly as she could, but knew that no matter what she did, she wouldn’t be able to resist the urge for too much longer, Kris’ threats of any subsequent punishment notwithstanding.

She had leaked enough pee into her knickers by now that she could even smell it too, although with all the water they had made her drink, her urine was virtually clear and almost sweet in odor, not acridly offensive.

Little girl pee… just the way Kris liked it.

Almost immediately after that thought crossed her mind, Vicky gasped softly as she felt another stream of urine spurt into her knickers again, wetting her soft and smooth inner thighs thoroughly and forming hot droplets there before trickling down and being absorbed by the denim miniskirt under her bottom.

She was on the verge of losing it totally now, another spurt like that last one and there would be no way for her to stop it any more. The stream of pee flowing into her panties would become continuous as the floodgates of her sphincter muscles opened and her bladder would begin to release its contents uncontrollably as she sat there, helplessly wetting herself just like the shy and nervous little fourteen year old girl they had conditioned her into being, psychologically at least.

Just the very thought of finally releasing her pee was bliss, and she was so ready to let go now, no matter where she was, no matter how embarrassed she would be, no matter what the consequences would be for doing so afterwards.

Suddenly, she felt a thought enter her head.

“Yes, you can do that… but hold on just a little longer, sweetie.”

Somehow she knew where the thought had originated; it was that girl she had been pleasured by at the Petit Bal des Vampires… Erica.

Somehow Erica was inside her head right now.

“Yes, Vicky, it’s me. We are omo vampire sisters now, and we can communicate this way,” Erica said telepathically. “Please hold on just a little longer for me. Right now I’m desperate too; it feels so good and I want to share this with you, yes, but there’s also another reason.”

Vicky thought, “Is this really happening, or am I losing my mind?”

”You’re not losing your mind. The other two will pick up on your arousal and the moment when you climax, but they can’t read your thoughts and hear what I’m saying to you,” Erica explained. “The sex vibes will block out everything else for them, so let your arousal build a bit longer while I tell you what’s going on, OK?”

Victoria couldn’t believe this. She made a supreme effort to keep holding, despite the urge to release the contents of her swollen, bulging bladder being almost impossible to resist now. The feeling would be good enough to push her over the edge into a huge orgasm, she knew that much from previous experience.

It was so very hard for her to resist the urge to pee now.

Judith had put her book down and was pressing her thighs together under the table, and shameless Kris had her hand down between her legs, rubbing her own privates. The two evil vampires could feel every single thing she was feeling now, all of the heat and dampness from Victoria’s arousal transferring to them and feeding back on itself.

Meanwhile, Vicky continued holding desperately, still leaking and spurting periodically into her panties in the most pleasurable way imaginable as Erica continued on.

“Just hang on a little while longer, sweetie. We are all together now; your brother, your sister, Hannah and I have joined forces, and we’re coming for you, I promise.”

Vicky could feel the truth of that inside her head, all mixed in with the voluptuous sensations of arousal and desperation. This was so intense it was almost unbearable.

First there were her own feelings, then those of Kris and Judith on top of that.

Now there was a fourth and fifth set of sensations added to the mix; those of her two new sisters Erica and Hannah. Just when felt she couldn’t take any more, she could feel her older sibling Petra’s arousal added in as well. And Petra was desperate also. OMG…

That was the final straw.

Pushed to the absolute limit of her ability to hold and compounded by the extreme state of arousal she was in, Victoria gasped loudly as her tired sphincter muscles gave way and she began to pee forcefully into her white cotton knickers, the hot clear liquid coming out with a hissing sound that seemed quite loud to her ears as it shot through them.

She was unable to prevent it from happening, and so urine now flowed continuously out of her, wetting her thighs and her bottom, soaking through her panties and her skirt, overflowing onto the seat and making its way to the floor like a mini waterfall, running in rivulets down her bare legs into her white schoolgirl socks and sneakers.

The hot, fragrant pee was coming out of her like an endless unstoppable flood and now she began coming as well, her cheeks red with the humiliation of it, her mind filled with all of the conflicting emotions of her complete and utter embarrassment, but also her agitatedly aroused state now finally being relieved as the intense waves of orgasm washed over her, racking her trembling body with the most intense tremors.

It went on for what seemed like forever, both the peeing and her orgasm.

Judith and Kris were almost incapacitated by the intensity of what Vicky was feeling as it was transferred to them.

There was no way they would be able to hear Erica’s thoughts as they echoed in Vicky’s mind.

“OMHG, that was so amazing; thanks, sis! We’ll see you in Paris soon!”

Vicky glanced anxiously down at the huge puddle she had just made on the floor.

Her knickers were soaked, her skirt, socks and sneakers were too, and the seat under her was a mess.

She sighed deeply with both relief and despair, knowing that no matter how much Judith and Kris had enjoyed themselves during that little episode, she was still going to have to pay a harsh price for losing control of her bladder in public.

But at least now she had hope that things might be changing for the better in the very near future.

<to be continued> \/###\/

*159*2013-08-26 04:05

Once again, i'd like to thank everyone who is following my tale of omo vampirism, and a very special thanks to orango, CollaredKitty, wettingman, and Anubis for taking the time to post a comment !

<3 to you all, my dear readers !

*161*2013-08-27 16:20

{{:

Wow. *trys not to fall over* That was hot.

}}

So very glad you enjoyed it !

*162*2013-08-30 12:08

Oh my gosh, is it Friday already?

It's been a bit of a rough week for me, i must admit... but work is salvation, and the routines of everyday life help to cope with grief and sadness.

So, here is this week's chapter of SoB; i hope that you will enjoy it, and take a brief moment to leave me a short comment.

Please ?

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt.17)

EXTERMINATING ANGEL (The Enforcer)

Somewhere in Upstate New York, 1980

(sound track: music from Dracula, by Philip Glass)

$iframe width="459" height="344" frameborder="0" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/rqtGTDtyvMs?feature=oembed"

An invitation from the Council of Elders was not something one could simply turn down.

You went, and whatever happened, you simply had to accept it… just the way it happened.

So we went.

I had insisted on coming along, even though it was pretty obvious that Hannah would have preferred for me to remain at home. Personally, I figured that if there were any troubles brewing, my staying home would only delay the inevitable. I like to get the bad news as soon as possible, if there’s any coming at all.

So we both went for a little evening drive through the Catskills, to the outskirts of the small town in upstate New York where the vampire Elders had their headquarters.

By the time we arrived, it was past midnight. Hannah steered the car through the front gate and onto the long, winding, tree-lined driveway leading to the main house; it was still a good couple of minutes before it came into view.

“Quite the spread,” I murmured.

“This is nothing," Hannah replied. “In the old country, they owned property the size of this whole county.”

===========

I waited outside the mansion, pacing back and forth on the large porch as I chain smoked cigarette after cigarette.

I had begun smoking shortly after being turned; it seemed to fit well with my new existence. Now I inhaled the smoke deeply, savoring the taste of it and the burning sensation in my lungs. I paced, because I was worried, scared and angry all at once; and to top it all off, I really needed to pee.

As usual.

But Hannah had asked me to wait outside for her, and that's what I would do.

So, I paced, and I smoked....

========

“Welcome, Hannah Oliveiros. It is good to see you again after so long an absence from this circle, and looking so happy,” the rather portly, almost cherubic man said, beaming at her from under a fringe of snow white hair.

“Thank you, Elder Severin. It is good to see you as well.” Hannah spoke softly.

Indeed, I am happy at the moment; I hope that will not change in the next few minutes, she thought to herself.

Hannah was wary of Elders in a seemingly good mood even more than when they were angry.

At least their anger was predictable.

“To what do I owe the honor of an audience with you this time, Elders?”

“We have a small problem we are hoping you can help with, Hannah Oliveiros. You seem to us to be ideally suited for this task, and we know that you will not refuse us this service.”

Elder Severin looked at Hannah intently as he spoke.

“In what way might I be of service to the Council of Elders?” Hannah inquired cautiously.

She couldn't help thinking back to the last time she had met with the Council, and the nature of the service they had demanded then. It had almost ended in disaster for her. What would they require of her this time? Hadn’t she already given them enough?

“We have appointed you as an enforcer,” Severin said.

“Your clarity of mind, purity of soul, and unique physical skills make you more qualified to take on this mission than any other we already have in service.” Elder Philippa answered her unspoken question. Philippa was a beautiful woman with alabaster skin, blue eyes like icicles, ruby red lips and long flowing blonde hair, as pale and as willowy as Severin was ruddy and rotund.

An enforcer? Hannah’s mind was reeling from the shock.

To call this ‘service’ was an understatement; ‘enslavement’ was perhaps a more appropriate definition.

To be an enforcer was to be on call every minute of every day ready to do the bidding of the High Council of Elders, enforcing the rules all vampires had to obey or face the consequences. And those consequences could be quite severe, even final.

Enforcers could destroy other vampires practically at will, with no fear of any retaliation or sanction.

As a result, only the most faithful, pure and trustworthy ones were ever appointed to the position.

It was a great honor, yes; but also a huge burden to bear.

“Although I am most honored to even be considered, I must respectfully decline,” Hannah said, choosing her words carefully. “I have no desire to be an enforcer, I don’t enjoy destroying anyone, whether someone else thinks they deserve it or not.”

“It is precisely because you do not desire the position, and will gain no personal satisfaction from discharging your duties that you are the perfect candidate for it,” the Elder Magdalena said.

“Is there no one else who can take on this task? I cannot willingly assume such a great responsibility by my own choosing.”

“You misunderstand us, Hannah Oliveiros, for we are not offering you a choice. It is quite simple; you will either serve, or both you and your little one will be destroyed instead.”

Elder Philippa's eyes narrowed as she spoke sternly, and Hannah had no reason to doubt the seriousness of her threat.

“That’s quite unfair; Erica has nothing at all to do with this business, and should be left out of it. Any consequences for my decision should be mine and mine alone.”

Hannah was both angry and concerned now.

“What should be and what is are often two different things, Hannah Oliveiros,” Elder Magdalena said.

Magdalena was voluptuous, raven haired, sensual, and rumored to be cruel beyond the powers of imagination.

“That little thing waiting outside should be dead, but you managed to keep her here. To what purpose?”

“I don’t know, really; something told me to save her, and I did," Hannah said.

"It was as simple as that. But I love her now, like a daughter and like a sister both.”

Hannah thought about a couple of other ways as well, but quickly turned her mind from those images.

This was business here.

“Is her existence even more dear to you than your own?” Elder Severin demanded.

“She has a pure soul, Elder. It would be a shame to waste such a thing,” Hannah replied quietly.

“Indeed, pure souls are quite hard to come by these days,” Elder Severin remarked, smiling again now.

“So I’m sure that you will see to it that hers continues to exist by doing our bidding.”

Hannah was trapped. If she were to refuse the mission, then the Elders would send enforcers against Cool as well as herself.

If she accepted, she would have to face an unknown evil, and more than likely not just once.

Damned if you do and damned if you don’t, she thought to herself. Well, being damned comes with the territory, I suppose.

“I accept this honor, and will undertake the mission.”

For Cool’s sake, if for no other reason, Hannah thought.

If she were to lose everything, at least Cool would still survive.

“We thought you would come around to our point of view in the end,” Elder Miles said, speaking for the first time in his distinctive raspy voice. “Now get out of here and wait for us to call you, bitch.”

“There is no excuse for such language, Miles. Hannah is a true and faithful servant of the Order and as such, she deserves our love and respect,” Elder Philippa said, fixing him with a disapproving glare.

“Oh, she knows I love and respect her,” Miles said with a grin, his ivory fangs bright against his dark brown skin.

“We go way back together. Wayyyy back…”

Hannah laughed, the tension of the moment broken.

“I’ll walk you out,” Miles said.

As the two of them proceeded down the hallway, their footsteps made no sound on the polished hardwood floor.

Miles turned to Hannah suddenly and said, “Hey, I haven’t seen Cool in a long time. How is that crazy Trane-lovin’ bitch anyhow?”

“You can ask her yourself, Miles. She’s waiting outside now.”

“I wish I could, but we have other business to take care of,” Miles rasped. “Tell her I said hello, and to keep on the horn. She might even play somethin’ worth listening to one of these days…”

He adjusted his large dark sunglasses on his nose and laughed as he turned to go back into the audience chamber.

“Don't call us; we'll call you. I’ll see you around, Hannah Oliveiros!”

=======

I was squirming pretty obviously as I stubbed out my last cigarette just before Hannah finally came through the huge double doors leading into the main house, interrupting my by now frantic pee dance.

I was getting better at holding for long periods, but the uncertainty and stress of the moment had brought things to a head more rapidly than usual this time.

Hannah smiled just a little as she took in my agitated state. She could tell that it wouldn't be too much longer before I would lose control and wet myself at this point, and I think she was looking forward to the long drive back in to the city as a result.

Nothing like having a desperate girl in the passenger seat, she always said.

“So, how did it go?” I asked, warily.

I was happy that Hannah had emerged unscathed from her meeting with the Elders, but the look on her face and the tension in her body spoke volumes. The two of us weren’t anywhere close to being out of danger yet.

“They offered me a job.” Hannah said, noncommittally. “I took it.”

“A job? Doing what?” I was totally bewildered at this point.

“Exterminating pests.” Hannah replied.

<to be continued> \/###\/

*167*2013-09-03 01:25

Dear friends, sincere thanks to all of you who have been reading along with this story so far.

As of right now, 7,070 views... i count myself lucky to have had so many come to visit, and hopefully more than a few who are along for the ride, wherever it might end up .

Stay tuned, another episode of SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD will soon be in the works !

And to those who commented, my special thanks... i needed a lift more than ever this past Friday, and i appreciate you taking the time to spare a thought and post a few kind words for me.

*170*2013-09-07 12:16

As a few of you know, things have been a bit challenging for me over the last couple of weeks, and it has been hard getting this done on time... this week, i didn't manage to do it, and i am sorry.

Hopefully this latest chapter will be worth the wait. Here, i give to you the next part of the story...

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 18)

KILLING FLOOR (Nemesis)

New York City, 1991/1982.

(sound track: Tin Pan Alley, by Stevie Ray Vaughan)

$iframe width="459" height="344" frameborder="0" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/AGPx-ekqZEo?feature=oembed"

The phone rang, and I picked up the receiver, hoping it was the Elders telling Hannah she wouldn't have to go out on her mission tonight.

Instead, it was a call from Kat; she was on assignment in the UK, shooting some fashion spread at the Hadleigh Castle ruin in Essex.

I was distracted and somewhat distraught, but tried not to let on.

I forced myself to focus on what she was saying from across the ocean, but my thoughts were really with the woman in the next room.

“The most exciting thing that has happened so far is that I almost got run over by some jackass and his girlfriend in a black BMW M5. Yeah, typical Euro trash… dark hair in a long ponytail, black suit, sunglasses at night; the girlfriend was smoking a cig, then flicked the butt out of the window, it almost hit me.“ Kat said.

“Yes, Cool; she was very pretty; pale skin, dark hair, skinny as a rail… just your type, really. Sorry, Hannah…”

Kat really did love to tease us every chance she got.

“Listen, I really should let you go,” Kat said finally. “I have to get back to work. Just wanted to say ‘Hi, from sunny Essex’, except it’s not… sunny, that is. It’s raining non-stop. Effing English weather.”

“OK, Kat. Later… Hannah says hi, and we love you!” I said, trying to sound bright and cheerful. “Yeah, she’s here… but she’s getting ready to go out. We’ll see you when you get back.”

Almost as soon as I’d hung up the telephone, Hannah emerged from the bedroom. She was wearing her black leather catsuit, and as usual, she looked as sexy as anything I’d ever seen. I vividly remembered my reaction the first time I’d seen her in her enforcer getup. It was in 1982, and she had just been given her first assignment.

“Gosh, Hannah. You look like Emma Peel in that outfit!” I had said, smiling broadly at her.

It made me hot then, I recalled. It still does, even after all these years.

Then again, she looks exactly the same now as she did then.

Only what's inside us ever changes.

Her dark brown hair moved softly in cascading, shiny waves as she bent down to pick up the black nylon duffel bag which held her usual array of weapons: hand gun, machine pistol and a couple of very sharp knives. I knew they were very sharp, because I’d honed them myself. She had the duffel in one hand, and the lacquered sheath of her favorite katana in the other.

I could tell she was already starting to think only about the mission; she had her game face on, but I couldn’t help myself. I teleported beside her, threw my arms around her, and smothered her with sweet, tender kisses, literally disarming her as she dropped the duffel bag to the floor and wrapped one arm around my waist, holding me in mid-air effortlessly as she returned my embrace and my kisses.

“I’ll be home late. You needn’t wait up for me,” she said, smiling.

It was a little private joke of ours. I hadn’t slept since I’d been turned.

An insomniac omo vampire… some joke.

As Hannah went out the door of the loft and into the cold night rain, I turned to my sax. It was the only thing that could help me take my mind off of the fact that once again, the woman I loved would be in harm’s way and might not ever return to me.

I opened the leather case, pulled out a reed and stuck it between my lips to moisten it as I twisted the metal mouthpiece on to its cork receiver on the neck of the horn.

I slid the ligature into place, slipped the stiff reed into position and tightened the ligature around it. I was ready to play.

____

In front of a large dilapidated building on the Brooklyn waterfront in New York City, Hannah paused for a moment, preparing to take on her foe.

He was holed up in there, she was certain of it this time.

She had tracked him to his lair, finally.

Before its current abandoned state, the building had been a storage warehouse, a garment factory before that, and back at the turn of the 20th century, it had been a slaughterhouse, she remembered… that was certainly appropriate, she thought.

To a vampire, the smell of blood still lingered after all those years. It was like a doughnut shop to a policeman; irresistible.

Scaling the outside wall rapidly, she entered the building through a hole in the roof, the falling rain pattering onto the rusty corrugated sheet of metal which had been tacked haphazardly over it before she pulled it aside. Dropping down through the hole and onto the damp concrete floor three stories below without making a sound, she crouched down low, making herself the smallest possible target.

She had no idea what weapons, if any, this adversary might deploy, so she carried the black nylon duffel bag with spare clips, an extra knife and a few other items which might come in handy.

Old school vamps would battle with fist, fang, muscle and claw. Then there were those who, like Hannah, preferred the sword, and the even less traditional ones who liked modern armament: handguns, machine pistols, explosives and the rest of the varied hardware available to them in the present era.

The Rules of Engagement required a meeting on equal ground, with the choice of weapons going to the challenged vampire, not the challenger.

If this vampire was new school, he might be able to get in a sniper shot without her even realizing where he was. Since she was hunting him rather than vice versa, she was fair game. She was well equipped, however. Strapped to her back she had her faithful katana, her weapon of choice. On her left hip, a MAC-10 machine pistol, on her right, a brand new Glock 17 handgun. In a pouch slung around her waist, the most dangerous weapons of all: the daylight grenades.

A daylight grenade was a last resort; It would destroy any adversary, even a great number of them, but if you were too close when the flash went off, it would take you out with them.

“Hannah Oliveiros… your fame precedes you,” a deep voice resounded as the large dark figure emerged from out of the shadows.

“You know my name?” Hannah asked, incredulous.

“Your name is already legendary, my dear,” he replied.

“Revered by some, feared by others, respected by all.

Yes, I have heard of you, Hannah Oliveiros.”

He laughed.

“But I’m sure that you have not heard of me, or at the very least, that you haven’t heard the full story. What did your masters tell you when they sent you on this fool’s errand?”

“They told me you were a rogue vampire, utterly in contempt of the rules, a ruthless taker of life without a single shred of compassion or pity, and that I was to destroy you,” Hannah answered in return.

“And what do you see before you? Does the picture match the frame?” he demanded.

Hannah’s senses were on full alert. The evil exuded by this ancient vampire was almost palpable; it was thick around him, an aura of darkness and decay. Usually even the very worst had at least some mitigating aspect: a small ray of light, a tiny spark of soul not yet fully damned. Not this one.

Hannah had never seen pure evil in all her long years, until just now.

He took a step towards her, and she could see that his almost coal-black hands were empty.

No guns, no blades… old school. It would be fists and fangs tonight.

She put the bag down and started to take off her various guns and knives, placing each one carefully in the bag and then finally unstrapping the katana from her back before laying it gently on top of the duffel bag.

He’s huge, Hannah thought. Maybe he’s slow. Otherwise, I haven’t got a chance in hell.

“What do you call yourself now, then?”

“I have chosen the name ‘Lucifer’, a particularly ironic joke.

For a vampire, to bring light is to bring destruction,” he said.

“Well, I suppose we’d better get on with it, then. We haven’t got all night, ” Hannah said, smiling grimly.

No matter the consequences, she had a job to do now, and to neglect her duties would be to put Cool in danger. Whatever might happen to her eventually, for now she was focused on only one goal.

Lucifer laughed at her joke. He might have been pure evil now, but he still enjoyed her wicked sense of humour.

“Don’t worry, my dear,” he said. “This won’t take very long.

Unfortunately, I cannot guarantee that it will not hurt much.”

The two of them squared off for battle, the tall olive-skinned woman in her tight black leather catsuit, and the giant, hulking black man in his loose African robes.

Suddenly, he peeled off his robes, leaving him clad only in a small loincloth, with hide bands around his bulging biceps and thigh muscles. His well-defined solar plexus muscles showed not a trace of fat, despite his enormous bulk.

It would be his Mukumbusu rooted style against her Capoeira based one now.

Hannah began to move and weave, her feet dancing the quick pattern of her ginga.

“So, Hannah Oliveiros… may I ask you what brings you to this place? Why have they chosen you as an enforcer, and why did you ever agree to become their executioner in the first place?” he asked as he circled slowly opposite her, forcing her to turn in order to keep him in view.

“My reasons for being here are my own,” Hannah replied.

“What gives you the right to ask such questions of me?”

She had no real cause to be rude, but she hoped it might just annoy the giant a bit, distracting him.

“Now, now,” he said, laughing as he replied in his deep rumbling voice. “Just because you are here to destroy me, that is no excuse to forget your good manners, Hannah Oliveiros.”

He would remain calm and composed no matter which way things went; she could sense that now.

No sense in delaying the inevitable then.

Hannah spun quickly and unleashed her first strike, a queixada high kick towards the giant’s head. With surprising speed for such a big man, he easily evaded the blow, moving to the side and countering with a rapid hand jab towards Hannah’s stomach, which she managed to block just in the nick of time. The force of his counterstrike shook her to the core of her being, even though she had been able to deflect most of it. If it had landed with its full strength, it probably would have sent her flying across the room.

Good goddess, he is fast! she thought. And powerful…

She knew she was in trouble.

She backed away quickly while still dancing her ginga, trying to put a little distance between her adversary and herself.

“This is a fight you cannot win, Hannah Oliveiros. Our speed is virtually equal, and I have the clear advantage in power.”

Lucifer smiled at her, his yellowed fangs exposed in his round black face. “I offer you this one chance to withdraw with honor, because of my respect for you, dear girl.”

“I take no pleasure in preying on those weaker than myself,”

Hannah said in reply. “Only by battling an equal, or even an adversary superior to oneself is there challenge and honor in the fight.”

“So be it,” the large man said softly. “Do what you will.”

And without warning, he suddenly closed the distance between them, looking to get his arms around her. But this was just what Hannah had hoped for. Close up, he wouldn’t be able to use any long sweeping moves that would amplify the power of his strikes even more. She let loose a series of short chain punches to his midsection, a flurry so rapid that there was no way for him to counter, and she heard him let out a grunt of pain as they landed in quick succession. He was fast, yes, but she was faster, if only by a small margin... and that narrow margin was just enough to give her hope.

Now it was the large man who backed away, shaking his head in surprise.

"You are even more skilled than I could have imagined, Hannah Oliveiros," Lucifer said. "I have not met an opponent of such caliber for a very long time. I think I shall enjoy this very much."

'Enjoy this,' she thought. This is nothing but a game to him, a game he is barely invested in. But the stakes are too high for me to lose... all of the pressure is on me.

Hannah took a deep breath, calming and centering herself. You had to fight the fight, and not worry about the outcome before it was over.

"Well then, since you choose not to give me your reasons, perhaps you may allow me to tell you mine," Lucifer said in his deep, resonant voice.

"There was a time when I actually feared for my soul. As a man, I was a simple goatherd, living a simple life with my family. One night, a creature like us came to call. He drank his fill, killing my wife and children and leaving me for dead. I myself was too strong to die so easily. Enough of his venom remained inside of me, and I survived long enough for it to change me into what he was. Now, as a vampire, I worried that I had been cursed, damned by what I had become, through no choice of my own."

He continued circling as he spoke while Hannah kept dancing her ginga, each one of them looking for an opening, a chance to land a strike.

"While alive, the missionaries had told me to put my trust in Jesus, and that that would be my guarantee of salvation after I died. But now I was undead; a state not covered by any faith." He laughed softly to himself.

"I went to visit the missionaries again, this time as an undead seeker of the truth. They rejected me, saying I had become a minion of the Devil."

Hannah found his story as intriguing as his voice was hypnotic. They continued to circle each other warily, but neither could find an opening through which a fist or foot would fit.

"Was this the measure of their God's love? 'And what of my immortal soul ?' I asked. They had no answer for me."

He laughed yet again.

"And so I took communion once more, only this time in anger. Instead of the blood of Christ, I drank the blood of the missionaries who had lied to me."

Unexpectedly, he lashed out with a vicious kick as he spoke those words. It landed on Hannah's left side; she could feel her ribs cracking and she gasped with the pain before that part of her body went numb, her left arm now dangling down uselessly.

She turned that side away from Lucifer, keeping her guard up now with her right arm.

"When my anger had subsided, I felt guilty for what I had done. I wished to atone for my transgressions, and hoped that somehow, I might still attain salvation."

"Rather than drink blood again, I fasted, denying the very nature of what I had become.

"As the years went by, I became weak from lack of sustenance, but still could not pass into whatever lay beyond this undead existence. I roamed the world, starving, not yet at peace, searching for the answer. I met vampire after vampire, clan after clan, but joined none. At long last, I met your Council of Elders. When I came before them for an audience, they had no answers for me either. But they offered me a job, the nature of which seemed to me might hold a chance to save my soul, finally."

Hannah was still moving, but she had only one good arm to defend herself with.

It was only a matter of time now, but Lucifer seemed in no hurry to finish her off.

He continued to tell his tale, and she listened raptly despite the virtual certainty that this first battle would also be her last.

"You see, once I was just like you, and they asked me to become an enforcer.”

He reached out quickly as he said that; Hannah was so surprised by the unmistakable truth of his revelation that she didn't even have a chance to try and block with her one good arm, and he grabbed her and held her firmly in his crushing grip.

“They didn’t tell you that, did they? No, of course they didn’t.”

The bitterness in his deep voice was clear.

“I was a good one too, obedient and efficient. And for many long years I did their bidding, just as you are doing now.

“But there is something else they didn’t tell me either, and I am certain they failed to mention it to you as well," he continued on, holding her by the throat now with one enormous hand.

"The price for destroying another vampire is to assume some of their attributes. Each one you destroy lives on within you, at least in essence. And so, you change, gradually, almost imperceptibly at first… then more dramatically as time passes and your successes accumulate… until finally you have become that which you fought against all this long time. And then, they send the next one to eliminate you.”

He sighed wearily, the weight of all of those years, all of those battles pressing down upon his damned soul.

Hannah could feel his pain, almost as if it were her own.

A foretaste of her own future…

He sank his fangs into her neck, penetrating the jugular vein and drinking deeply of her blood as she passed out.

_____

I was sitting in the living room area of the loft, feeling quite desperate as I waited for Hannah to return home from that first mission. Playing the horn, and actually sounding pretty good for once after almost twenty some odd years of daily practice.

Suddenly I felt a sharp pain in my left side, so strong I nearly dropped my saxophone.

I knew instantly what was happening.

Poor Hannah... she had been injured in the fight.

This was the downside to our psychic link. We shared our pleasure, yes... but also our pain. It wasn't pleasant to experience this by any means, but I had to try to ignore it.

I picked up the soprano again, intending to continue playing, or possibly focusing more on the feeling coming from my full bladder and that urgency than on my lover's pain.

But when I felt the sympathetic sting of the fangs at my neck, I knew beyond the shadow of a doubt that she had lost the fight, and my heart sank.

She would be destroyed by her opponent, and I would be left to face eternity alone with my grief.

Tears began to stream down my face as I felt the lifeblood being drained from her.

I put the horn down and sobbed like a little girl as I suddenly lost control of my bladder and began to wet myself, the hot urine jetting out of me uncontrollably, soaking my panties and tight jeans, running down my legs before dripping onto the floor.

"Hannah!"

I felt weak, and then an excruciating pain from each of my limbs in turn.

Her adversary had broken both of her arms and her legs now. Why, I wondered?

Wasn't it enough that he had drained her fully?

Oh, my heavenly goddess... he hadn't.

I reached out to her with my mind through our psychic connection then.

###

When Hannah regained consciousness, she felt the pain from her broken body, as well as her weakness. Lucifer had drained almost all of the lifeblood from her, and had shattered her arms and legs besides. Now he had carried her back up to the roof, and was laying her down almost tenderly.

"You are probably wondering why I haven't destroyed you, Hannah Oliveiros, and I believe I owe you at least this one final answer. You are simply too good, too pure. "

The black giant turned his back on her and started walking away.

“It has cost me everything to become what I am; I have no desire to start over, or to be anything else now. I do not wish to be tainted by your purity of soul, so I will let the rising sun finish what I have begun."

And with that, he faded into the night.

Crippled by the loss of her lifeblood and without the use of her extremities, Hannah could do nothing except watch him disappear. She didn’t even have the strength to be angry with herself for underestimating her opponent in their first encounter.

As she was lying there, she felt a familiar presence in her mind, however.

It was Cool’s presence, Cool’s voice speaking to her by way of their omo vampire psychic link.

“Don’t worry, sweetie. I’m coming for you,” was the reassuring thought.

"I'll be there before the sun rises, come hell or high water."

###

A few days after the fight, we returned to the mansion for an audience with Elders Philippa and Severin. Again, I waited on the front porch, this time of my own choosing.

I couldn't even think of facing them after what they had forced Hannah to go through.

So once again, I smoked, paced, and was desperate.

Somehow, I had a bad feeling that this was to become a regular routine of mine.

###

“Hannah Oliveiros, welcome back. We are glad to see that you have almost fully recovered from your injuries,” Elder Philippa said. “We were all quite worried for some time that you might not survive.”

“Thank you. I appreciate your concern,” Hannah said softly.

“I must not have been good enough. I’m sorry to have failed you.”

“You didn’t fail. You survived that encounter. No other who came before you who was sent up against him has done even that much,” Elder Severin replied.

“But I didn’t succeed in putting an end to him.” Hannah said, bitterly.

The sting of her crippling defeat in her first mission was still fresh in her mind; this was not the best way to begin a new job, really.

“All the others were defeated, and did not return. You, at least, have survived,” he repeated. “Only you have done that much. This is proof enough that we have chosen well.“

Hannah looked at him directly for the first time now as Elder Severin continued on, fixing her with a blood red stare.

”You will not question our decision, but simply await your next assignment. You are the best we have, Hannah Oliveiros. The absolute best; there is no one better.”

He waved his hand at her in both dismissal and farewell as he turned away.

Elder Philippa spoke, more gently this time than the last.

“Take your little one home, and rest now. We will call when we have need of you again.”

< to be continued > \/###\/

As always, comments welcomed ! Thanks !

*173*2013-09-11 11:19

Dear friends, last night we passed the milestone of 7777 views for this little vampire story.

Thanks to you all for reading along. i am so proud, and happy that some of you even find it worth taking a few moments out of your lives to leave me a kind word or two.

It really makes a difference to me, believe it or not.

Hopefully there will be more thrills, chills and spills ahead to keep you all amused and entertained !

<3,

Frosty \/###\/

*174*2013-09-13 12:03

Dearest friends, fans and fiends, it really seems as if Fridays come too soon sometimes, at least for me... but i promise i will always do my utmost to deliver the latest chapter of this tale on time. i love writing SoB so much, and i'm sure there are at least of few of you who enjoy reading it almost as much as i enjoy the writing. Please, please, pretty please, do take the time to leave a brief comment if you would... it means a lot to me to have your feedback.

In any case, here for your perusal and enjoyment, the latest chapter of SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD:

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt.19)

THROUGH THE LOOKING GLASS (The Sisters)

Somewhere on the road, 1991

(sound track: Beautifully Broken, by Gov’t Mule)

%http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-Ke5IM6moc

The four of us were driving back to Paris along the A7, the “Autoroute du Soleil” as it was called, although we were making the drive at night to avoid the eponymous sun and the usual daytime traffic.

We needed to be back in Paris before the new day dawned, so Hannah was driving our car, and Peter was behind the wheel of their Renault rental, both of them expert drivers and both of them at almost the full limit of their ability and their car’s.

The silver Renault 25 Turbo sedan was powerful, but the little BMW Z1 we were in seemed to have no trouble keeping up. It had a huge motor under that long hood, plus it was lighter and more nimble through any curvy sections, so we were even able to overtake the Renault on those bits. We were making excellent time, flying along at over 100 mph with our radar detector working overtime to warn us of any speed traps up ahead.

Of course, I was desperate, as usual.

Hannah could never take me for a long drive without making sure my bladder was just about full to the bursting point and then making sure I had to hold it for the whole trip, no matter how long it took.

This was just our way of having fun, though.

Yes, it was a bit of a challenge… but the sensations we would both enjoy made the challenge always worthwhile, and so I never minded being in this state when I was with her.

The phone in my lap rang. It was Petra calling from the passenger seat of the other car.

“Hullo, Cool… how are you doing? Everything all right?”

I could almost see her grinning; I had confided in her about my urgent state before getting in the car. Now she was teasing me in fun just like a sister would.

Gosh, I really did like her.

Of course, I was very fond of Peter too, even though we hadn’t known each other for very long; but with Petra, I felt a different sort of bond. It was almost as if we were extensions of the same personality.

“Girl, you know exactly how I’m doing! I’m desperate and squirmy…”

Hannah laughed at my candid description.

“She is all that, and more, Petra,” she said. “She’s beginning to leak even now!”

Hannah twisted the wheel hard, throwing us sideways into the upcoming corner at an extreme angle as the tires squealed in protest and lit up in smoke. She was driving like a Formula 1 driver laying down a qualifying lap, all out.

As I was pressed up against the door by the g forces, I felt myself squirt a tiny bit of pee into the black cotton panties I had put on before getting into the car yet again, and Hannah giggled like a giddy little schoolgirl at my response to her maneuver.

“I never get tired of driving with you, sweetie,” she said, glancing over at me quickly before returning her beautiful large brown eyes to the road ahead.

My leather mini had hiked its way up alarmingly to past mid-thigh, and the dampened crotch of my panties was now on full display, but as much as Hannah wanted to enjoy the view, she took her driving far too seriously to do more than hazard a quick peek in that direction every now and again on a straight stretch of road.

As for me, I looked longingly at each roadside rest stop we flew by.

Extreme haste being the order of the day, the prospect of a stop for a trip to the rest room and even more essential, a smoke, was slim to none, so I was going to have to hold my wee and curb my urge for a cigarette at the same time.

Hannah never allowed me to smoke in the car; she disapproved of what she termed my 'nasty habit' in the first place, and said she wouldn't let me get her car all stinky with that horrid smell no matter how much I begged, cajoled, or pleaded with her.

On the plus side, focusing on my very full bladder allowed me to almost forget how badly I wanted a Gitane for a moment. But as the Renault drew alongside on the next straightaway, I could see the lovely Petra in the front passenger seat, her pretty face illuminated by the golden glow of her lighter as she lit another cigarette of her own and then waved gleefully at me as they passed by.

"Oh, you little bitch," I muttered to myself, smiling.

It was as if she was deliberately teasing and torturing me, even though our psychic connection was only a second-hand one, both of us being linked through the connection to Vicky.

And so, I went back to focusing on my desperation again.

But in the midst of my own pressing need, I could feel a twinge that wasn't mine, and I suddenly giggled.

Petra was beginning to feel it too... OMG, she had to pee!

Vengeance would be mine... ha!

I used the callback feature on the cell phone, and when she answered, I said, "You're busted, sweetie! I know exactly what's going on with you right now!"

I could almost feel her blushing, her face warming and turning red as I told her in no uncertain terms that I knew she had to go just as badly as I did now.

"Think so, do you? Time for a holding contest, my sweet friend," she said.

I just laughed and replied, “Fine with me, babe!”

Of course, she had no idea of my capabilities, both by my nature and by my training.

She didn't know it, but she was going to lose, no matter how long she could hold it for.

At the mere mention of holding, though, I could feel a bit of warm arousal already added to Petra's desperation. She was actually getting turned on by the idea of what we were going to be doing.

Oh, yes, she was certainly just my type.

A short while later, I was squeezing my thighs together and trying to resist the urge to jam my hands down between them when Hannah turned to me and said, “You know, you should probably check in with Vicky and see how she’s doing.”

Hannah's wish being my command, I opened up the mental link to my newest little sister.

Now I could feel a sensation of giddiness as the headlong speed of the TGV train Vicky and her two tormentors were traveling on compounded that of our car.

And something else also: Vicky was just as desperate as her sister was.

I could feel the two of them squirming as they both leaked pee into their panties, almost in unison. It was so cute to feel them gradually getting closer and closer to the edge of their ability to hold. Before too much longer, they would be just like a couple of little girls wetting themselves from giggling madly at a slumber party.

Of course, I had no right to feel superior, really.

My own undies were just as damp as theirs, and I suddenly felt another little spurt leak out past my urethra to dampen them even more before I could stop it.

Darn it, I hadn’t counted on this… it was as if the two of them were ganging up on me!

Meanwhile Hannah was enjoying every single moment of my own squirmy little worm act as I kept crossing and uncrossing my legs, shifted around in the passenger seat, and in general made it fairly clear that I was a girl who most desperately had to pee, and that I might actually lose it pretty soon, much to her surprise and delight.

I could tell that Petra was totally enjoying the sensations we were sharing, but that little Vicky was feeling stressed.

I could feel her, as desperate as anything; just the very thought of finally releasing her pee was bliss to her, and she was so ready to let go now, no matter where she was, no matter how embarrassed she would be, no matter what the consequences would be for doing so afterwards… even though the consequences would be severe.

I spoke to her via our psychic link to reassure her.

“Yes, you can do that… but hold on just a little longer, sweetie,” I said.

I could feel her shock and surprise as she recognized me as the girl she had been pleasured by the night before at the Petit Bal show.

“Yes, Vicky, it’s me. We are omo vampire sisters now, and we can communicate this way,” I said telepathically. “Please hold on just a little longer for me. Right now I’m desperate too; it feels so good and I want to share this with you, yes, but there’s also another reason.”

I could feel her thinking, “Is this really happening, or am I losing my mind?”

”You’re not losing your mind. The other two will pick up on your arousal and the moment when you climax, but they can’t read your thoughts and hear what I’m saying to you,” I explained.

“The sex vibes will block out everything else for them, so let your arousal build a bit longer while I tell you what’s going on, OK?”

I could sense she was making a supreme effort to keep holding now, despite the urge to release the contents of her bladder being almost impossible to resist.

When she finally did let it go, the feeling of her release would be good enough to push us over the edge into a huge orgasm, for sure.

It was so very hard for her to resist the urge to pee now.

All of the heat and dampness from her desperate arousal was transferring to the two vamps accompanying her, to me and to Hannah, then feeding back on itself, while I also sent some along to Petra for good measure.

Meanwhile, Vicky continued holding desperately, still leaking and spurting periodically into her panties as I continued on.

“Just hang on a little while longer, sweetie. We are all together now; your brother, your sister, Hannah and I have joined forces, and we’re coming for you, I promise.”

I could feel her recognizing the truth of what I had just told her, all mixed in with the voluptuous sensations of our mutual arousal and desperation. First there were her own feelings, then those of Kris and Judith on top of that. Now there was a fourth and fifth set of sensations added to the mix; Hannah’s and mine. And just when she felt she couldn’t take any more, I let Petra’s arousal and desperation join in as well.

That was the final straw for little sister Vicky.

Pushed to the absolute limit of her ability to hold and the sensation intensified by the extreme state of arousal she was in, I could feel her resolve collapse and her poor tired sphincter muscles give way as she began to pee forcefully into her panties, her cheeks flushing hot and red with the humiliation of it, her mind filled with all of the conflicting emotions of her complete and utter embarrassment, but also her agitatedly aroused state now finally being relieved as the intense waves of our shared orgasm washed over her.

Suddenly the silver car in front of us pulled over to the side of the highway and came to a screeching halt. Hannah quickly parked the Z1 behind them on the shoulder of the road and we both watched as the Renault’s passenger side door flew open and poor desperate Petra bolted for the shelter of some bushes a little way up the embankment.

She didn’t make it.

Halfway there, she stopped suddenly and just stood there, transfixed, wetting herself.

It felt fantastic to me; I was thrilled by her condition just as much as she was enjoying it herself.

Her pee streamed and jetted out of her wee hole, flowing strong and hot, soaking her delicate lacy underwear and her leather trousers as Petra sighed and moaned uncontrollably in the throes of our shared ecstasy.

I sent this thought to Vicky:

“OMHG, that was so amazing; thanks, sis! We’ll see you in Paris soon!” I said telepathically.

I got out of the car and walked over to where Petra was still standing and wetting herself, relishing every second of it.

“Silly girl! Never challenge an omo vampire to a holding contest,” I said, laughing.

She just smiled at me, still peeing. She laughed as well, and said,

“Actually, I’m going to want a rematch at some point…”

(to be continued) \/###\/

