April Fooled: The Prank and the Puddle

Author: EnragedFilia

*000*2015-05-19 10:42

So she went back to her desk once again even happier than before, and continued her preparations even more eagerly than before. She carefully kept to the same slow and steady schedule as before, but now every time she got up to make a trip to the break room she gave herself a few little pats and giggled at the immediate reply from her bladder that signaled its ever-increasing fullness. Soon enough those signals were strong enough to be clearly perceptible as soon as she stood up without any patting needed, and they were just becoming strong enough for her to feel even while she was sitting down when Ron stepped out of his office and came over to talk to her.

"Hey there sweetie, everything going great?" Aliyaya looked up with a bright smile, but Ron didn't wait for her to reply. "Just wanted to make sure you knew about the thing later this afternoon. You'll be there, right?"

"Oh yes. Of course I will, sir," she nodded happily, then blushed a tiny bit and added, "I am even getting ready for it right now."

Ron chuckled a little at that and peered down her blouse for a few more seconds. Cara was nowhere in sight, so he made no attempt to hide how much he was enjoying the view. "Great, great. I'm sure you'll do great, sweetcheeks," he added, then turned away. Aliyaya grinned after him as he left. She hadn't expected Ron to even know about the contest, much less to be interested in whether she would participate or how well she would perform. Knowing he was interested made the whole thing that much more important, which made her a little nervous, but it also made her even more eager to prepare properly and do the best she possibly could.

So she continued getting ready for the contest, and the next time she got up to refil her teacup she didn't need to pat anything, since her bladder was now sending her its signals constantly, and after she sat down again she started to squirm just a little bit, since her bladder was now becoming full enough to be just a little bit uncomfortable.

When Cara got back to her desk a little while later she noticed the way Aliyaya was wiggling her hips a bit and squeezing her crossed legs a bit tighter than usual and occasionally rocking back and forth where she sat, but she didn't say anything, and soon Aliyaya got up again and Cara figured she must be going to take care of it. Cara had to leave again right away after that, or else she might have become suspicious enough to broach the unpleasant topic when Aliyaya got back. Because instead of vanishing like Cara would have expected, the signs of Aliyaya's restlessness only grew more pronounced as her bladder grew ever more uncomfortably full.

After one more such trip, Aliyaya was just sitting down and taking the first sip from her full teacup when Cara came down the hall and called out to her. "Hey, Yaya, Donna just reminded me. You might not know about it since you just started the other week, but it's April 1st, so there's a-"

"Yes! I do know about it," Aliyaya interrupted with a grin, "I read the announcement on the bulletin board."

"Yeah that's right, it said something about the change of venue. You've never been up to the third floor, have you? I'm on my way there now, so if you're ready to go now I can take you there and show you where the auditorium is."

"Why thank you. I do so much appreciate it. And I am very ready to go right now." It wasn't quite the end of the day just yet, but she supposed that extra bit of preparation time wouldn't really make much difference. Smiling eagerly, she got up and halfheartedly adjusted her skirt, giggling slightly at the sudden sharp signal her bladder sent to remind her that it really was very full, and just like she said, it really was ready to go right now.

"Great. Just let me get a few things and we'll get going," Cara turned back to rummage on her desk, and while she was looking away Aliyaya patted herself once again on the now very sizable bulge right under her bellybutton and pursed her lips in thought, glancing at the clock and eyeing the nice full teacup right there on her desk.

"Do you maybe know about what is the schedule for this?" she asked casually. "That is, about who will be going first?"

"Hmm? Lemme see," Cara answered over her shoulder, still searching for something amidst the desk's clutter. "I think it's my turn first actually, then yours, and then-"

"Wonderful!" Aliyaya declared immediately, and with that she smiled and and happily drained her teacup one last time.

Then Cara found what she was looking for and they both headed over to the elevator. Once inside Aliyaya had to suppress the urge to squirm and squeeze her legs together, since she didn't want it to look like she was showing off about how well she'd prepared for the contest and how ready she was for it or anything. With a casual glance she noticed that Cara wasn't squirming at all. Didn't she prepare? She's gonna compete, right? She said she would just now. Cara, meanwhile, glanced over and noticed that Aliyaya seemed a little bit fidgety despite her efforts.

"Are you nervous? Don't worry," she offered. "I know it's your first time but I'm sure you'll do just fine."

"Oh yes," Aliyaya answered cheerfully, "I am sure I will do perfectly fine as well," she suppressed another giggle and hoped that her confidence didn't sound like bragging. Maybe she got ready too soon or something. Well gee, that's too bad. I just hope she can at least compete anyway.

They got out of the elevator on the third floor and Cara led the way to the auditorium, tapping out a message on her phone while Aliyaya followed along through the unfamiliar halls. After a moment she put the phone away and looked back over her shoulder. "That was Donna. She says she wants us to use the side entrance with the waiting room, so we can stay there until it's our turn. Aliyaya just nodded at this and followed Cara down a smaller hallway and through a little unmarked door into the little waiting room. "Well, I'm gonna go out there now. You can just wait right here, and come out when you hear the applause, okay?" She glanced down at Aliyaya's slight restless movements and added with a supportive smile, "And try to relax, Yaya. I know you're nervous, but like I said, I just know you'll do a good job."

Aliyaya nodded again, then smiled herself. "Thank you. And I hope that you will do a good job as well." With a last friendly grin, Cara went through the other door to the auditorium, and as soon as the door closed behind her Aliyaya's hands zipped between her legs and under her skirt, and she squeezed.

She squeezed herself through her panties and she squeezed her legs together, and she squirmed and wiggled her hips and did everything else she didn't want to let Cara see her doing earlier. Her bladder was really full now, and it was constantly sending her very insistent signals letting her know just how full it was and just how badly it needed to be emptied, and it was all really uncomfortable, and now that she was alone there was no need to hide it any more. And she was still grinning, because all those signals and all that discomfort meant that all her preparations were paying off just perfectly, and she was all ready for the contest. Any minute now she was going to go out there and pull down her panties and let go with an absolutely spectacular feminine flood, and everybody would be amazed and she would win the contest for sure and it would be so much fun, and of course it would feel really good to finally get some relief.

Thinking about it was making her really eager to do it, and the discomfort was making her really impatient, and now that she was alone she decided she could at least make herself a bit more comfortable. So she tugged at her skirt, gently and carefully slipping it a little bit higher until the waistband was positioned just above her bellybutton instead of just beneath. With the tightest part of her tight skirt no longer pressing directly against her lower abdomen and the big tender bulge there, the intensity of Aliyaya's discomfort lessened slightly, and she went back to squirming and squeezing and waiting impatiently.

At last she heard a smattering of applause and her face lit up. She hurried over and threw the door open and stepped through into the auditorium, only to stop in her tracks at what she saw there.

Chapter 3: The Puddle

So many people... Aliyaya's smile disappeared as soon as she saw them, rows and rows of them, filling nearly every last seat in the entire huge auditorium. The room was shaped like a broad and fairly shallow bowl, with the front rows well below the level of the raised stage and most of the rest slightly above. It was also a lot bigger than she would have expected, and the crowd was way bigger than she could have ever possibly expected. It seemed like the whole office was here, where she had expected to see only her fellow secretaries and maybe a few of their friends.

There can't possibly be this many ladies competing... she told herself as her eyes quickly scanned over the crowd And... and even if they're just here to watch, that has to means this whole tradition must be way more popular than I thought. Recovering quickly from the surprise, she regained her composure just as the clapping started to die away, and she smiled again and started to wave back at everybody before she noticed something way more surprising than the size of the crowd. There were men in it too.

She froze again, wide-eyed. What!? Wh- what are they doing here? The poster definitely said this was a Feminine Relief Contest, and she definitely never would have expected that any men would be allowed to come and watch. An unpleasant suspicion crossed her mind then, but before she could give it any thought something even more surprising happened.

"Alright, thank you. Thank you everyone." It was Ron's voice, amplified by a microphone and coming from the stage. Aliyaya turned her head that way and saw that Ron was indeed on the stage, in the middle of clipping a mic to his suit and chuckling as the last of the applause faded. "Just let me thank Donna and her lovely secretary for that great introduction," he chuckled a little more and grinned and nodded to where Donna and Cara were just taking their seats in the front row. "And now I'd like to introduce my own very lovely secretary, Aliyaya!" He gestured to where Aliyaya was standing in front of the little waiting room door beside the base of the stage. "Come on up here, sweetheart," he added more softly, before announcing, "She just joined us a few weeks ago, so let's all give her a nice big welcome."

The crowd started applauding again, more enthusiastically than before, giving the distinct impression that at least a few of them were much more excited to see Ron's attractive secretary than Ron himself. Aliyaya smiled and waved at everyone a little and headed for the stage. She was still pretty surprised and a little overwhelmed by everything and she was busy wondering about the size of the audience and the men in the audience and why Ron was introducing the contest participants, so she didn't notice the way the applause coming from the part of the audience behind her seemed to falter a bit as soon as she turned and started trotting over to the little set of stairs that led up onto the stage, or the whispers and murmurs that spread through the first few rows as soon as she turned her back to the audience, or the little wave of soft sharp gasps that followed it as soon as she started up those stairs.

And on top of that, lifting her leg up to the first step drew an immediate and emphatic protest from her very full bladder, which drove everything else from her mind while she concentrated on slowly and carefully climbing the rest of the steps. Distracted as she was by everything, Aliyaya completely failed to notice that everybody behind her could totally see her butt.

Because when Aliyaya adjusted her skirt in the waiting room earlier and raised the waistband so that it wasn't pressing right into her bulging bladder, she also raised the hemline, leaving it just a bit too high to completely protect her modesty. So as soon as she turned her back to the audience she gave the first few rows a glimpse of her rear end peeking out into view, and when she started climbing the steps her skirt started to slide higher and higher, just like it always did when she had to climb stairs in it, exposing more and more of her cute plump butt to more and more of the crowd behind her. And with the back of her thong nestled deep between her buttocks and doing even less to protect her modesty than her skirt was, by the time she reached the stage practically everybody could see practically everything.

Yet Aliyaya herself had no idea that anything was wrong with her skirt, so she just put on a smile and went up to Ron to ask what was going on. He looked her up and down and covered his mic and leaned over to mutter, "Lookin' great, babe. See? Everyone just loves you." Ron could see that Aliyaya's arrival was making a big stir in the audience, but since he couldn't see nearly as much of her from where he stood as they could from where they sat just now he simply thought everyone was impressed by the sight of his hot secretary. "Now go ahead and help me out with the projector, willya?" He jerked his head over toward the control panel at the back of the stage and turned back to the crowd. Aliyaya blinked in confusion a few times, then nodded agreement and trotted over to the terminal, doing her best to ignore an unpleasant suspicion.

Once there she leaned over to examine the controls, which made her skirt rise a bit more and elicited a fresh stir from the audience behind her. She had never even seen the projector controls, of course, and had no idea how to work them, but Ron had helpfully left some post-it notes stuck to some of the buttons that instructed her exactly which ones to press. So she followed the instructions and pressed the buttons, and the lights dimmed and the projector turned on, and Aliyaya's unpleasant suspicions were all confirmed when Ron launched into his presentation.

There was no mistaking that smarmy salesman's tone and sharkish salesman's grin, and when she craned her neck she could make out a little of the text on the big projector screen, which said something about expected monthly sales figures. A presentation... He's giving a presentation... If Ron was giving a business presentation, then that had to mean this was some kind of business meeting and not the contest at all. It was just as she feared and just as she suspected ever since she got to the auditorium and saw the crowd, and her face fell with disappointment at the realization. She couldn't tell exactly what was going on, but she could tell that there must have been some kind of misunderstanding, and whatever it was it meant that her careful preparations had all been for nothing.

But her disappointment turned to dread a moment later, at the sudden awful realization that it wasn't quite all for nothing - it was way worse! All the effort she put into her preparations had backfired, and what should have been perfect timing was instead the worst possible timing. Because now, at the very moment that Aliyaya expected to be arriving at a 'Feminine Relief Contest' with a really really full bladder all ready to let out a spectacular 'feminine flood' and bask in relief and victory at once, she found herself instead stuck on stage at a business meeting in front of everybody, and even though there wasn't any contest after all she still had a really really full bladder and the flood was all ready to come out anyway!!

I gotta hold it! Her disappointment and dread gave way to determination. Ron was just starting his presentation, and he wanted her to work the projector, which meant she had to stay on stage with him until his presentation was over, and there was no way she would have a chance to go to the bathroom before then. Interrupting Ron to ask permission to go to the bathroom would be totally embarrassing, and interrupting him by simply running off the stage and out of the auditorium would be even worse. Her only choice was to hold it.

And she could tell right away that holding it was going to be really uncomfortable. The same signals from her bladder that had promised victory only moments ago were now a very worrisome warning, making her acutely aware of how very full her bladder was and how very badly she had to go. She turned back toward the audience with a pleasant smile of dutiful interest in what Ron was saying, but that smile masked intense concentration. Inwardly, Aliyaya was focused on those signals and on what they were telling her, recalling exactly how much she had to drink and carefully estimating exactly how full her bladder was now and calculating how much more full it was going to get and how fast. She took her time and used every bit of her skills developed over those summers of contests with Chikaya, and she was way to busy concentrating to notice that most of the audience could see her panties.

The front of her skirt wasn't riding quite as high as the back, but it was way too high to keep her panties completely covered. Those in the back rows could only catch a little glimpse of electric blue, but the front rows had a much better view, and the cameras set up in the front row had the best view of all. One camera was streaming live footage of the company's monthly meeting to most of the company's branch offices, while the other was recording it for archival in the company's records. And since they were positioned at about the same level as the stage itself and inclined slightly, just now they were catching not just Ron and his presentation, but also a perfect view of Aliyaya's colorful little thong.

Ron himself wasn't looking at Aliyaya just now himself, which made him just about the only one in the room aside from Aliyaya herself who couldn't see how exposed her panties were, but unlike Aliyaya he did notice the audience's reaction to that exposure. Even with the stage lights shining brightly on himself and Aliyaya and casting the audience into deep shadow he could hear them, and the whispering and murmuring coming from the front rows told him Aliyaya was doing her job just fine.

Because Aliyaya wasn't really up on stage right now just to work the projector, which he could have done perfectly well by himself with the remote or else with the voice activation system if he wanted to be flashy about it. But getting Aliyaya on stage to help with the projector herself was much more helpful with his actual problem. Ron's problem was that the monthly sales figures weren't any good, and that meant he had to try to spin them even harder than usual, and that would be a lot easier if everybody at the meeting wasn't paying quite as much attention to his presentation as usual. For that, having his hot new secretary on stage where the audience could watch her instead of him was just perfect, and just now she was drawing even more attention and making an even better distraction than he could have hoped for.

Aliyaya herself, of course, didn't know anything about any of this, and just now she was thinking about something else entirely. I can hold it. That was the answer her careful calculations came up with, and just now it was a really reassuring thought. Her bladder was really really full, and she had to go really really bad, but she could still hold it, and she was sure that she could keep holding it until Ron's presentation ended, even if it lasted right up until closing time. So when Ron nodded her way just then and asked for the next slide, her smile was a little more genuine than before. She turned and leaned over the controls, letting her skirt rise a little bit more and expose a bit more of her butt than before, and she pressed the appropriate button and turned back again, exposing a bit more of her panties than before, all the while reassuring herself of the results of her calculation. I can definitely hold it.

Unfortunately, that was a big miscalculation. Because despite all her skill and all her practice, there was one thing that Aliyaya couldn't have known about and so couldn't factor into her calculations, and it was the same thing that got Cara into trouble earlier. Because just as Cara belatedly began to suspect when she thought about it afterwards, the reason her bladder filled up so fast on her way to the office and kept on filling up after she got there until it got so incredibly full that she ended up right on the brink of having a huge accident was all because of the delicious tea she enjoyed at breakfast. It was the tea that Aliyaya gave her and the rest of the girls the other day and the tea she had turned to for her contest preparations today, and the same blend of catechins and polyphenols that made it so delicious also made it a completely natural and totally gentle yet still very potent diuretic.

And while Cara had experienced the tea's diuretic effect and suffered the embarrassing consequences this morning after drinking only two cups, that was because she had never tried it before and her body had no resistance to it. Aliyaya, on the other hand, had been drinking that same tea regularly for years, allowing her body to slowly and steadily build up so much resistance to its inconvenient effects that she had long since completely forgotten about them. And just as she had neglected to warn Cara and the others about what might happen when they drank their tea and so let Cara get herself into slightly embarrassing trouble, she completely neglected to figure the effect of her own tea into her careful calculations now, and it was about to get her into really embarrassing trouble.

It hadn't made any difference until now, despite having spent all day drinking lots and lots and lots of tea in the course of her preparations, because her body's resistance was sufficient to neutralize the effect of even that great quantity of tea so long as it was taken slowly in small steady doses. It was that last cup, the one Aliyaya impulsively decided to drink all at once right before coming upstairs, that was about to get her in trouble. Because that one big dose, arriving as it did on top of all the many smaller doses, was enough to finally overcome her resistance, which meant her body was just now starting to react to it.

And that meant that all her careful preparations were about to start paying off way better than she ever expected, and she was about to pay the price. Because all the tea she spent all day drinking was about to start pouring right into her already extremely full bladder and filling it up even more and even faster than any of her calculations could ever possibly predict.

If she was paying enough attention just then she might have noticed immediately and maybe figured out what was going on, but just then her attention was focused instead on making sure not to let anybody notice how bad she had to go. After all, it would be pretty embarrassing if someone in the audience happened to notice her start to fidget or squirm or suddenly tense up and managed to figure out that she was suffering the distinctive discomfort of a full bladder. So Aliyaya carefully kept her posture calm and relaxed and her movements slow and subdued and suppressed the urge to squeeze herself again even as that discomfort slowly but surely grew worse and worse, and she was just a bit too preoccupied to notice just how unexpectedly quickly it was growing.

Then Ron called for the next slide and Aliyaya calmly nodded and turned and leaned over again, and as soon as she did she let out a little gasp Oh! Um... uh-oh That little change in her posture instantly drew a vehement protest from her bladder, letting her know that it really didn't appreciate the little extra constriction that the movement caused as well as notifying her yet again of just how very full it was and just how very badly it needed to be emptied.

She instantly realized what that meant. Oh no. I guess I must have miscalculated somehow. The constant insistent warning signals coming from her bladder were a little bit more intense than they ought to be by now, which meant her bladder was even more full than it ought to be by now, which meant it was filling up even faster than it ought to be, and that had to mean her careful calculations were a little bit off. After a momentary delay that somebody in the audience might almost have noticed if anyone wasn't so busy staring at her mostly-exposed butt, Aliyaya pressed the button for the projector and turned back around, once again with a very forced smile, her mind racing to amend her miscalculation.

I can hold it. She breathed a little sigh of relief and reassured herself again as soon as her hasty recalculation was complete. Her earlier confidence did not return entirely, however. I can still hold it. It, um... it might be a bit of a close call. But I'm sure I can still hold it! With her bladder filling up slightly faster than she expected based on her earlier calculations and with no explanation for the discrepancy and no time to come up with one, her revised calculations now had to include a little more uncertainty.

She would be just fine as long as her bladder didn't get too much more full too fast, and even if it kept right on filling up at its current inexplicably accelerated pace she would still be fine as long as Ron's presentation didn't drag on too long. And even in the worst possible case with her bladder and her boss both working against her, she could still hold it as long as she had to as long as she made sure to hurry to the bathroom right away after the presentation.

However, even that pessimistic scenario turned out to be a bit overly optimistic, as Aliyaya quickly found out. With her miscalculation still fresh in her mind, she made sure to pay close attention to the state of her bladder and the increasingly serious warnings it was sending her, so she noticed right away that the warning signals were getting even worse and her bladder was getting even more full even faster than she was afraid of. Oh no... this could be a really close call...

Quickly revising her calculations once again, she realized that at this rate, if Ron didn't finish his presentation soon she was definitely going to be in big trouble when he finally did, and she would definitely have to get off the stage and out of the auditorium as soon as she had the chance and hurry to the bathroom right away as fast as she could, or else there was a chance that she might not make it in time. But I can still hold it! All I have to do is hold it until this is over then go straight to the bathroom. She hurriedly reassured herself again, refusing to let herself think about what might happen otherwise.

Of course, paying so much attention to her dangerously full bladder and the constant discomfort it was causing her left Aliyaya with slightly less attention than before to spare for keeping the signs of that discomfort hidden from the audience, and it wasn't long before her carefully maintained facade of calmness began to crack. It started with just her toes squirming gently and curling against her cute strappy high heels, and only those few audience members who happened to be unusually interested in her feet saw this first faint hint of restlessness. Even when her legs joined in only the most observant of those watching noticed, but then her hips began to wiggle and sway semi-rhythmically, and that was a lot harder for all the eyes that were staring at her mostly-exposed panties to miss.

Eventually Aliyaya realized what her lower body was doing and forced herself to hold still again, but after only a few moments the movement started up all over again. Her bladder was just so full and she had to go so bad that it was just impossible to maintain her composure without concentrating on it, and just now she something a bit more important to worry about. I can hold it. I can make it. She reassured herself once again, but despite all her reassurances the last of her confidence was rapidly slipping away.

I can still hold it, and I can keep holding it as long as it doesn't get too much worse. It was still getting worse, but she was really hoping that it wouldn't keep getting worse. And I can still make it as long as this doesn't take too much longer. It didn't show any sign of finishing any time soon, but she was really hoping it would finish before long. No matter what happened it was definitely going to be a really close call, but according to her calculations there was still a good chance she could make it, so she kept holding it and she kept holding on to her hopes, and she kept reassuring herself over and over. I can hold it. I can still hold it!

When Ron called for the next slide she got a fresh surge of hope. Maybe this is the last slide. I hope it's the last slide and this is almost over. I'm sure I can hold it long enough to get through one more slide. She turned around and pressed the button, careful not to bend over even a tiny bit, then turned back and listened for any sign that Ron was wrapping things up. But after a few moments it became obvious that he wasn't and this wasn't the last slide at all, and with her brief ray of hope extinguished Aliyaya's face fell and she felt a fresh surge of panic start to rise.

I can hold it. I can still hold it. I... I think I can hold it... but what if I can't!? All at once her last speck of confidence vanished and her repeated reassurances turned into something horribly alarming. All the awful thoughts that she hadn't let herself think about until now came rushing back all at once, starting with the simplest and most terrible of all. It was the thought of what was going to happen if the presentation kept on going and her bladder kept on filling up and she had to keep holding it and holding it until she just couldn't hold it any longer.

I can't let that happen. I can't take that chance. I just can't have an accident in front of everybody!! A quick check of the warning signals like blaring sirens coming from her bladder told her that it wasn't quite an emergency yet and she wasn't quite in danger of an unthinkable catastrophe like that yet, but at this rate it wouldn't be long before the catastrophe became a real possibility, and she just couldn't take the slightest chance of letting that happen.

I can still hold it... but I can't hold it much longer. I... I might just have to run off the stage after all... It would be embarrassing, but it was way better than risking the far worse embarrassment of having an accident on stage right in front of everybody. That's what I'll do. If it turns into an actual emergency, I can just run right off stage. Her panic began to recede at the slightly reassuring thought that if the situation really did end up becoming a real emergency, at least she had an emergency plan. I'll run off the stage and out of the room and I'll run to the bathroom, and then I- Her thoughts screeched to a stop and her panic came rushing back then, as she came to a terrifying realization. The bathroom... where's the bathroom!?

This was Aliyaya's first time on the third floor, and she had no idea where the bathrooms were up here. Even if she ran off the stage and out of the room into the hall she would still have to find a bathroom, and if she just wandered around aimlessly looking for one she was just sure to have an accident before she found it. She frantically tried to recall the trip from the elevator to the auditorium, but all she could remember was a blur of unremarkable hallways and unmarked doors. She wasn't even sure she could find her way back to the elevator without Cara's help, and even if she did it wouldn't do any good if it took so long that she just ended up having an accident in the elevator instead of in the hall. Wait, that's right. Cara! Cara knew her way around the third floor, and if Cara could show her where the nearest bathroom was then even if it turned into an emergency she could still get there before it was too late.

So she started searching the room for Cara's face, and meanwhile her restless squirming was becoming more and more obvious. With her bladder as full as it was and her attention occupied as it was she just couldn't keep still at all, and before long everybody watching her just couldn't help but notice. And on top of that the movement of her legs and her hips was making her skirt slip higher and higher and leaving more and more of her panties exposed, and Aliyaya herself was too busy scanning the audience for Cara to notice how the rest of the audience was looking back at her.

Ohh... where is she? Growing worried, she quickly made a second pass of the crowd. Oh no... where could she be? She scanned one more time, hoping that she had somehow missed the face she was looking for, but it was no good. Oh no... she's not here... If Cara was nowhere to be found that meant Aliyaya had to come up with another emergency plan, and she had to come up with it fast. The warning sirens were louder than ever now, screaming at her that her bladder was incredibly full and she had to go incredibly badly, and she could tell she didn't have much time left.

Ohh... what am I gonna do... She frantically tried to think of something else. Maybe... the waiting room? At least there shouldn't be anyone in there... She couldn't quite be sure that the waiting room would be empty, of course, and even if there was probably nobody there to see her doing what she so badly needed to do, there was definitely no toilet for her to do it in, and that meant she would have to do it on the floor instead. Normally she would never even think of something so awful as doing something like that all over the floor, but no matter how awful the thought was, it was still better than the thought of having an accident on stage right in front of everybody, and if she couldn't make it to a bathroom in time, then she could at least try to make it somewhere private.

Unless... is it locked? She tried to think back and remember whether the door had locked behind her when she came out, but she had to go so bad and it was getting so hard to keep holding it that she could hardly concentrate on anything else. Her efforts to hide her discomfort and distress had all but collapsed now, and she was squirming and wiggling and squeezing her legs so blatantly that the nature of her struggle was as obvious as could be. She was doing just about everything except for thrusting her hands between her legs and clutching at her crotch, and just about everybody in the room except for Ron could tell that she really had to go and she was really struggling to hold it.

Ron, still failing to realize anything was wrong, again called for the next slide, and once again Aliyaya felt an irrational hope that it was the last slide, for whatever good it might do her at this point. She turned around gingerly, with tiny careful movements, showing her entire fully-exposed butt to everybody in the process, paused a moment to squeeze her legs together even harder, pressed the button, squeezed again, then turned back around. Before she could begin to turn her attention to the presentation in hopes of its immediate end, however, something much more immediate got her attention, and she gasped. Oh no... oh no!... Oh no!! All at once the warning sirens reached a terrible screeching climax, one which left absolutely no possible doubt that she was finally having a real emergency, and it was far more sudden and far worse than she had ever imagined.

Her bladder was unbelievably full, even more full than she had ever let it get during the longest and most uncomfortable of all her childhood contests, and way more full than she would ever have expected to let it get today. It felt like there was a tremendous flood inside her, about to come pouring out any second, and her constant squeezing was all that was keeping the floodgates closed. She took an unsteady step toward the stairs, only vaguely aware of where she was going, and the motion set off a fresh warning siren that made her gasp again.

She had to go unbelievably badly, even worse than she ever had to go in the course of the closest and most hard-fought of all her childhood contests, and way worse than she would ever have imagined having to today. It felt like she was walking a tightrope, balanced so precariously that the slightest careless movement would surely lead to catastrophe. She absolutely had to go, and she absolutely had to go right now, or else she was definitely going to have an accident right here and right now and right in front of everybody.

That horrifying thought of impending catastrophe shocked her thoughts into instant sharp clarity, focused upon her half-formed emergency plan and the slender hope it offered of getting to the waiting room before it was too late. She headed for the stairs again, but after just a few steps she stopped in her tracks, gasping once again at the sirens screeching louder than ever and delivering the most dire warning yet. Oh no... I.. I... I can't hold it!!! For a moment she could only stand there trembling, struggling as hard as she could to keep holding it a little bit longer, but her bladder was simply way too full and she had to go way too bad and she had already held it way too long.

She could feel her tightly clenched floodgates quivering, just about to open up despite all her squeezing and let the flood come pouring out. Faced with the absolutely undeniable certainty that she was only moments away from having a huge accident, her last shreds of inhibition vanished and she thrust both hands between her legs, shamelessly clutching herself through her underwear in a last frantic attempt to squeeze just a bit harder and keep the floodgates safely shut and keep the flood safely inside just a bit longer, and somehow it worked.

Somehow she managed to hold it, but her bladder was filled right to the very brim and she was right on the very brink of having a gigantic accident at any moment, and she was struggling so hard to keep holding it that she couldn't even move. She just stood there trembling and whimpering softly in the most incredibly blatant display of desperation that everybody watching her had ever seen, and even Ron finally noticed something was going on and glanced over at her and fell silent at the sight. But then, just when it seemed like there was nothing she could do to stop the unthinkable from happening, a voice called out to her.

"Yaya!" At the sound of her own nickname she opened her eyes to see Cara hurrying up the steps to the stage, and her face lit up at the sight. She had already given up on getting Cara's help with finding a bathroom before it was too late, so Cara's unexpected arrival now just as she was on the verge of giving up altogether rekindled a ray of hope that she might still find some way to help, and she frantically latched onto that slim chance of averting the impending catastrophe. "Oh, no. Oh, Yaya! Oh, we've got to get you out of here," Cara began, reaching the stage and rushing to Aliyaya's side. "Come on, there's a-"

"Cara... I gotta go! I can't hold it!!" Aliyaya wailed, thinking only to warn Cara of the absolute urgency of the situation in the hopes that she could somehow do something about it before it was too late. In her addled state and after having spent so long thinking to herself and not speaking, the anguished confession came out not in English but in her own language, and while Cara and everybody else couldn't understand the words at all, the tone of helpless pleading in her voice together with the sight of her shameless struggles told them all the same thing with far more eloquence.

"Oh no... Here, come on," Cara continued, "there's a bathroom just across the hall. Through there, see?" She pointed to another side door, right across from the waiting room. Aliyaya looked up at it and her heart leaped at the news, even better than she could have hoped. If the bathroom was really that close, her salvation might still be in reach. Filled with renewed hope by the thought of the relief that awaited her just through that door and across the hall, she took a step toward the stairs, then stopped and gasped once more, the ray of hope flickering and threatening to vanish.

Her bladder was so unbearably full and she had to go so unbearably bad that even with salvation so close, it might still be too far away for her to make it in time. She moaned and squirmed and trembled, struggling as hard as she could to keep her floodgates closed and keep the flood inside her contained and somehow keep holding it. Cara took her by the arm and guided her gently toward the stairs step by tiny faltering step. She was teetering on the edge, balancing so precariously and so close to unthinkable catastrophe that every little movement felt like it was going to be the last little push that sent her right over that edge, yet every time she somehow managed to keep her balance and keep on holding it. But then she got to the stairs, and then disaster finally struck.

Aliyaya's eyes were squeezed shut as she concentrated with all her might on the tremendous struggle to keep holding it, relying on Cara's guiding hand on her arm to keep moving. So when she reached the top of the stairs and took yet another unsteady step, she put her foot in just the wrong place and the spike of her heel caught on the edge of the top step and she started to stumble, wobbling and teetering and trying to keep her balance. She squealed, both from the feeling she was about to fall off the stage and from the feeling that wobbling and teetering like that was about to send her right over another edge too.

Cara, hearing this and seeing Aliyaya just about to tumble headlong down the stairs, panicked and yanked backwards on her arm, pulling one hand right out of her crotch just as the other shot out on its own as a counterbalance. For a moment Aliyaya teetered there, supported by Cara's grip, but then Cara pulled a bit too hard and Aliyaya tipped backward instead, and her feet suddenly slid right out from under her and she fell, landing on her butt with a big jolt.

That jolt was all it took to totally overwhelm her clenching and squeezing and struggling and send her right over the edge, and with her legs splayed wide and her hands removed there was nothing she could even try to do about it. Her floodgates completely opened up, and the gigantic feminine flood that she had struggled so hard for so long to hold inside finally burst free. With a mighty gush and a loud hiss it poured right out and right into the crotch of her tiny thong, which proved spectacularly ill-equipped to stop such a powerful flow. The pale golden jet passed straight through the thin flimsy material, hardly impeded at all, and shot forth over the stairs in a gentle, graceful arc that twinkled in the light and splashed merrily all over the floor below.

Aliyaya shrieked in pure horror, but after just a moment the anguished cry turned into a moan, her back arched and her head tilted back, and an expression of pure bliss blossomed across her face as a tremendous wave of relief washed over her, sweeping away all other thoughts and filling her awareness with a warm fuzzy haze. After the interminable agony of struggling and struggling to hold it and hold it and hold it, finally letting it go felt so wonderful that she couldn't even think about trying to stop. She couldn't do anything but sit there with her legs wide open and let it all go, basking in the overwhelming relief as her overfilled bladder completely emptied itself right in front of everybody.

A puddle quickly formed at the bottom of the stairs, and the splashing noise changed in character and grew even louder as the arcing stream landed in the puddle instead of on the bare floor. At the same time, her panties quickly soaked through and produced a little stream that started to form a second puddle on the stage around her butt. Both puddles steadily grew bigger and bigger, until the one at the top of the stairs reached the edge of the top step and started to flow down in a little waterfall to pool on the step beneath.

When that step was filled the puddle made another waterfall, then another and another, until it reached the bottom of the stairs and the two puddles were joined together. It was about then that the force of her stream began to slacken and the golden arc gradually shrank until it reached the bottom step and splashed into the miniature puddle there, then the next one and the next. At last the arc disappeared entirely, leaving only a trickle that fed the gentle cascade which still flowed down the steps and into the gigantic puddle beneath.

Aliyaya was still in a daze when Cara took her hand and pulled her to her feet, murmuring something about getting cleaned up. She nodded absently and followed along down the stairs and through the puddle with a series of soft splashes, all the while making no attempt to cover her completely exposed soaking wet panties or her damp and glistening butt.

Epilogue

"So you see, it did so bring back the memories, and it sounded ever so much fun, and I was so very excited. I wanted so to make sure to get ready for it as best I could. So I did my best to get ready, and I spent the whole day slowly and carefully preparing, and so when we went upstairs I was really very ready. And I did not realize at all until I was already on the stage that the contest had been canceled." Cara nodded along soberly with Aliyaya's explanation, while Jenny and Julie just stared down at the table. "And I so did not want to interrupt the presentation, so I had to hold it. And I was so sure that I could hold it until the presentation was ended. So I tried to hold it... but... but I..."

"I know," Cara interrupted her. She knew what happened after that. "I saw." Everybody knew, and everybody saw. They all saw her holding it and holding it and holding it as long as she could, until she just couldn't hold it any longer and she had an accident. And now Jenny and Julie knew that it was all because of them and their stupid prank about the stupid contest, and it looked like they felt at least a little guilty about it now that they knew. "But it's not your fault. Ron totally should have noticed what was wrong and let you leave before you had- uh, before his presentation was over." That's what she told Donna, anyway. Donna was still deciding where to reassign him, but it looked like Ron was finally going to pay for all his years of not-quite harassment. And as long as Julie and Jenny didn't go telling anyone about what really happened, everybody could just keep on thinking the whole thing was Ron's fault.

"And I won!" Aliyaya concluded happily, her earlier dismay vanishing as she picked up the trophy to admire it again. It was just an old employee of the month award that Cara had dug out of her closet and altered suitably, which mostly consisted of peeling off the sticker with her own name and applying a new one, but if admiring her 'First Annual Feminine Relief Contest Grand Prize' made Aliyaya feel a little better about what happened yesterday, that was what mattered.

"So, uh, can we get started now?" Jenny cut in, and Julie nodded. Cara smirked at them, and Aliyaya's face blossomed with excitement.

"Oh! Why certainly." She got up and got the pair of big measuring cups from the counter. Jenny and Julie got up too, moving quite a bit more unsteadily, and went over to the little curtain they'd set up in one corner of the break room.

"Hold on, let me announce it first," Cara called out before Aliyaya could hand over the measuring cups. They all turned and watched as she got up, and she paused briefly while Julie and Jenny squirmed. "The First Annual Feminine Relief Contest, round two, shall now begin," she announced with mock formal dignity. "The second place contestants may start their performances." Each of those contestants snatched their measuring cup and jostled briefly to be the first behind the curtain.

It was no wonder they were in a hurry, Cara thought with another smirk. She had made sure that Jenny and Julie both drank plenty of tea, and she watched them get really uncomfortable and waited until they were totally squirming at their desks before she got everybody to come to the break room for this. And then she let Aliyaya tell the whole story about what happened yesterday, including the part about her childhood contests and everything about her own preparations, while the two of them listened and squirmed and got more and more uncomfortable.

Hopefully, putting them through the same thing they accidentally put Aliyaya through yesterday would give them enough of a sense of sympathy that they wouldn't go telling everybody about what really happened yesterday, and if that didn't work then Cara could just threaten to tell everybody about what happened today. And right now, the excitement on Aliyaya's face as she watched her fellow 'contestants' zip behind the curtain one at a time and listened to the hissing and splashing they were making in their measuring cups was enough to make Cara feel a bit better about everything all by itself. She still hoped that the video of what happened yesterday wouldn't leak out and end up online. Donna said she was trying to take care of that, but Cara knew there probably wasn't much she could do about it. Still, they might be able to make sure that Ron took the blame for that too.

*003*2015-05-21 04:49

The idea was supposed to be that she's worried about letting them know she was holding it until the last minute and that they would try to tease her about it, which of course they do, which is where the idea for the prank comes from. But at the same time it is also supposed to be somewhat odd, because there's supposed to be something humorously unusual about each character's personality to make them easier to develop quickly.

*009*2015-07-11 09:03

{{:

I do think you carried it a bit too far with the sitcom-style conversations where the characters are talking about two different things }}

I agree that it's unrealistic and possibly distracting, but that unrealism seems to be inherent in the premise. The only way to get a character to think there's a contest when there isn't really any contest without having one dialogue and two conversations, is to never have a conversation about it at all, which is at least as unrealistic as the sitcom approach.

{{:

One final complaint. The "voice" you use in this story is a little too variable for my taste. Mostly it's a consistent, somewhat formal style. Then every so often there's a bit like "it was way worse!" or "everybody behind her could totally see her butt." }}

I admit it, I like comedy tropes

*011*2015-07-13 23:03

Go ahead, if you like.
