First Fiction:Smosh/ Anthony's new baby (that is Ian)

Author: Ianissmosh

*000*2012-08-02 04:48

Anthony sighed, pacing back and forth in the waiting room. It had been 5 hours since he got the call as Ian's emergency back up, stating that Ian was hit by a stupid drunk. He just wanted to see Ian! His best friend!

Or more, as they had had an ackward conversation before Ian left to pick up a suit for his sister's wedding.

"Anthony PadIlla?" Anthony heard his name, and cam sprinting over to the nurse.

"Is he ok? How bad is he hurt?"

The nurse just sighed and led him to Ian's room. "We had to fix his jaw tissue and skin, so his facial hair is gone, and he will seem very skinny due to stomach injuries, and having to cut of what he had of little fat."

Anthony nodded, and was about to step in the room, when the nurse stopped him.

"Mentaly, his head was hit the memory section of his brain-"

"So he has amnisia?" Anthony asked, nervous.

"Yes, but a certain type. It caused him to forget about most of his life. The reason you were not here sooner is we had our hands on physiologist determine his age. He is about, two, mentally."

Anthony shook his head in disbelief. He knew his friend would do the same for him if he was in this situation.

"How long Untill he heals? Or when his memory comes back?"

The nurse looked at her clipboard. "A year at the most, 10 months the least." Anthony nodded, and prepared himself to see his friend. He stepped into the room, and smiled softly at the sight before him.

So? What do you think so far?

*004*2012-08-06 22:03

"Hi Ian." Anthony cooed, taking his Friend from a nurse, who was cooing to him. Ian's hair was also cut short, more spiked. A bandage was wrapped around his head, matching the one on his neck and stomach. He only wore hospital pants, underneath was a diaper.

Ian just garbled around his thumb, laying his head on Anthony's shoulder. Ian blinked softly, only staring into nothing.

Anthony rocked him a bit, rubbing his back.

"Here is some liquid medication. Most guardians pour it in the drink before naps or bed time, since the medication makes the patient sleep. The first few nights will require work, since he is probably not used to the guardian." the nurse told him, ghanding Anthony the medication.

Anthony nodded, singing Them out before leaving to shop for supplies.

