Times of desperation - Chapter 1252

Author: DespMely

*000*2012-06-18 16:36

Kasheen smiled as she watched the girls in front of her put the heavy jugs of water to their mouths and drink in long gulps. Some were struggling to force down the water, not surprising after already drinking down 2 jugs, but they all did it. When the last was finished, she smiled at them. “Well done girls! Now, out you go to serve the guests!” Watching them curtsy to her and file out the door towards the kitchens, she smiled to herself again. Clearly, this time would work. Strolling out into the hall after the girls she surveyed the guests, mostly sitting at the long table or standing in small groups. They were lords and ladies, the nobility of these lands, attending her big celebration.

Making her way through them to her place at the head of the table, she nodded at their greetings. She didn´t know any of them, of course. She´d only been here for 3 days, yet it had been trivial to be accepted as their equal after claiming ownership of the lordless castle with generous bribes and a slew of forged documents. It would not last, of course – the gold would turn back to iron and the documents would fade in another day, erasing the proof of her presence. But not before she enjoyed her stay. Settling into her seat, slightly raised for a better overview of the hall, she looked at one of the serving girls carrying a platter of bread to the table, and smiled.

Jasmine carefully placed the platter of bread on the table and did a quick curtsy before hurrying back towards the kitchen. On her way she smiled at the other girls carrying food and drink to the hall and felt her silk dress again. So soft and smooth – she had never dreamt of such clothes, much less herself wearing them! Just two days before she´d been wearing rags and old, mud-crusted shirts, working on her family´s farm, and now she was here in the castle, wearing fine clothes. It was almost like a dream. Stepping into the large kitchen, she was another girl struggle to fill a jug with ale from a huge barrel. Jasmine went over and helped her hold the heavy jug.

“Thanks.” The girl smiled at her. She was about 16, same as Jasmine and the other girls, and like them she was slim and beautiful. Her hair was tied in braids and her breasts were just barely visible through the tight-fitting dress. Like herself she was nude underneath.

“Sure.” Jasmine responded, smiling back. “I´m Jasmine.”

“Claire”. The other girl said as she lifted the full jug and turned to carry it back to the hall. Following her, Jasmine grabbed a plate loaded with cheese and went out with her, passing other girls.

“Can you believe how much water the lady made us drink? I thought I was going to drown.” Claire said with a chuckle.

“I know. I wonder why she did that.” Jasmine carefully balanced the big plate on both hands as they walked. They deposited their loads on the table and, after another curtsy, they retreated back into the kitchen. All 6 girls were busy bringing food and drink into the hall, and Jasmine knew that they would be very busy for the next few hours.

Taking a sip of wine, Kasheen leaned back in her chair. Her guests had been enjoying the food and drink for some time, and the conversation among themselves. There were about 50 of them, lords of castles and halls and towns with their followers, and a few ladies among them. Smiling, she watched one of them, lady Kate, take a sip of her own wine. The small pill hidden in the cup has long since dissolved and, even if it hadn´t, it would not have meant anything to her. As she was watching Lady Kate, one of the servant girls moved up to refill her goblet with wine. Kasheen smiled at her and the girl blushed shyly. As she moved away, Kasheen could see the men ogling her with wide eyes, as they did all the girls. She didn´t mind that – they were young, beautiful and in their barely see-through dresses it was to be expected.

She knew they would not be touched – not in her castle, anyway, and she did not doubt that they would all welcome an offer later from one of the men here. They were farmer girls, born to a live of hard work, little joy and an early death – because of their beauty, most likely from rape or violence – and marriage to a noble´s retainer would lift their status significantly. In her mind, it was the payment for what they would do for her. She chuckled as one of the boys that were attending the visiting nobles hurried from the hall, red-faced. He entered a small alcove near the far corner and Kasheen could just hear, faintly over the buzz of conversation, the sound of his pee flowing into the large trough set up there for use by the male guests so they would not have to step out of the castle.

Jasmine watched the boy hurry across the room and giggled as he raced to undo his trousers before peeing forcefully. However, hearing him go made her realize that her own bladder was starting to fill up, too. She moved to stand next to Claire near the table, watching it to see if anything was needed or had to be cleared away. As she stepped close, Claire whispered “When do you think the lady will excuse us?” Jasmine looked at her, surprised, and noticed that the other girl had crossed her long legs at the ankles.

“I don´t know, probably not before the food is cleared away” she whispered back.

“Oh…” Claire said, the disappointment in her voice clear. Jasmine tried to smile encouragingly and watched the hall, where some of the girls were still busy refilling drinks. She noticed one girl, a petite black-haired one, press her legs together as she reached up to refill a goblet of ale. As she came by a few minutes later, Jasmine could see that her bladder was stretching out the tight dress, making a shallow bulge. Immediately her won bladder felt fuller and she sighed silently. After the boy had finished his business, his example seemed to have made others realize their needs as well and soon there was a steady stream of men heading to the makeshift privy, releasing strong jets of urine into the through.

After a few minutes of this, Jasmine couldn´t stand it anymore. “I´ll serve drinks for a while” she said to Claire who had been steadily crossing her legs and was happy to get away from the sound of the men relieving themselves. Together they got jugs of wine and ale in the kitchen and set out for the table to refill the goblets of the guests who were drinking heavily. As Jasmine passed one of the few ladies on the table, she noticed that she looked anxious, even uncomfortable. Sneaking a glance under the table, she saw that her legs were pressed together tightly, rubbing against each other.

“Odd”, Jasmine thought, “this is her first cup of wine”.

Kasheen watched the red-headed servant girl sneak a look at Lady Kate and smiled. She, too, had noticed the lady get uncomfortable – she had stopped drinking and become very quiet – probably wondering why she had to pass water this urgently after a half cup of wine. She felt a growing excitement. Clearly the lady was now in need of a pee. And looking over to the entrance of the kitchen, she could see that the servant girls had a similar problem. Two of them were standing with their backs to the privy through, which was used almost constantly by now, with their bare legs crossed tight.

And Kasheen couldn´t help but stare at the gorgeous redheaded servant girl as she refilled cups, her small, perky breasts bulging her dress, and her bladder creating a slight but visible bulge in the dress, too. Kasheen felt her breathing quickening as she surveyed the scene. From the lady suffering the effects of her pills to the servants with jugloads of water rushing through them – to the men releasing powerful jets of pee into the through 2 or 3 at a time, each time making the serving girls nearby flinch noticeably.

Jasmine pressed her legs together as she refilled another cup, bending over slightly to relieve some pressure from her full bladder. She was glad that her pitcher was empty and she could retreat to the kitchen where she stopped and crossed her legs tight.

“Oh my I have to relieve myself!” Claire exclaimed, coming up beside her and crossing her own legs tight. Glancing down, Jasmine could see her bladder bulge noticeably. Looking around, she could see that all of the girls were in the same condition, and she saw one servant girl touch her private parts briefly as she noisily poured ale into her jug.

“I know I will have to excuse myself soon too.” She said, squeezing her legs together. She couldn´t believe how full her bladder was. “But I´m sure we can be excused soon!”

Claire flashed her a quick smile. “I hope so, and then its straight for the chamber pots for me!” She crossed her legs tight for another moment before returning to the hall, Jasmine following her. She passed 3 other girls heading to the kitchens, all sporting similar bulges in their abdomens and could hear one say “I need to pass water or I will explode!”

Stepping up to the table to clear away plates and food, she caught side of one of the ladies, slightly rocking back and forth with a concentrated look on her face. Jasmine couldn´t help but sneak another look under the table, where she just caught a glimpse of the lady jamming her hand between her legs. With a curtsy, she smiled and carried back the plates, groaning silently as she passed the privy where 2 men were noisily peeing.

Kasheen could hardly control herself as she saw lady Kate hold herself. She had goosebumps, and she couldn´t remember being turned on this much in her entire life. She fought the reflex to put her hand into her own crotch as she watched the lady shudder and then get up gingerly, pressing her legs together under her skirts as she hobbled over towards her, her face reflecting her desperate need. Kasheen glanced at the table – it was almost cleared, the servant girls just carrying the last plates to the kitchen. Perfect timing. Trying to suppress her almost overwhelming excitement she looked up at the approaching lady Kate and smiled at her.

“My….my lady.” She managed after a short pause to press her legs together and a very quick curtsy after which she immediately crossed her legs hard.

“Might I inquire as to the location of the chamber pot room? I…ohh…I am in need of it.”

Kasheen smiled at her as she felt her excitement grow even more at the intense look of desperation in the ladies eyes. Out of the corner of her eyes she saw the servant girls standing in a tight group at the hallway to the kitchen, crossing their legs and squirming heavily.

“Certainly, my lady. Just down the corridor and to the left.”

“Thank…thank you, if you will excuse me ahh.” She could not quite stifle a groan and Kasheen nodded, watching the lady hobble to the exit as fast as she could. Kasheen stood and followed her to the hallway, watching her thrust both hands into her crotch as she got out of sight of the table as she charged towards relief. Breathing heavily with arousal, Kasheen turned and made her way to the servant girls who were looking at her expectantly, barely able to stand still and all sporting large bulges in their abdomens.

“Very well done girls,” she said with a broad smile.

Behind her, another man stepped into the privy and started peeing forcefully, making all 6 girls squirm and one to briefly reach for her crotch before recovering.

“You can now be excused,” she continued, and immediately the girls started forward towards the hallway. Kasheen stepped aside but reached for the shoulder of the red-haired girl who was first to pass her. Her hand trembling slightly, she held her until the other girls had passed.

“You did a very good job today. I will reward you well.” She said, smiling at the girl.

Jasmine tried to smile as she stood cross-legged in front of the lady, fighting the urge to run off after the other girls who were making their way out of the hall. She wanted desperately to hoist up her dress and release her overfull bladder, but she knew that the reward from the lady was well worth it.

“Thank you, my lady.” She managed to sound pleasant, but as she curtsied she had to press her legs together to avoid her bladder giving way.

After another glance at the lady, who was smiling. She retreated towards the hallway. Ahead she could see the other girls hobbling along towards the saving room. She could see that Claire was first, running fast with her hand between her legs. Jasmine hoped there were enough chamber pots to accommodate their needs, but as she rounded the corner she heard a strained voice shout “wait your turn ohhh dear”. She stopped dead as the girls lined up at the entrance to the small room with no door, In which she could just make out the other lady from the hall trying to hoist up her elaborate dress, a chamber pot beneath her. “ohh dear hurry oh god please ohhh” she moaned, fumbling with her dresses as the girls started to pee dance in front of her. She started to squirm, too, as she heard the lady from behind “I´m sorry girls, there is only one chamber pot available.”

Claire gave a small groan and thrust her hands between her legs just as a moan of relief and the sound of a forceful stream of urine hitting the chamber pot came from the room. Involuntarily, Jasmine gave her own private parts a tight squeeze and felt herself blush, conscious of the lady next to her. Looking up, she was still smiling, and she could see that the other girls weren´t in much better shape than herself. Gritting her teeth, she could only hope they would be quick about their business.

Kasheen stood beside the waiting servant girls and watched lady Kate release a huge stream of pee into the chamber pot. Hearing it, she noticed how full her own bladder was and started to fidget as well. But she was sure that the girls had to go far worse. The first in line, the little black-haired one, was hunched over with both hands clamped to her pussy and whimpered silently. Behind her a blonde girl was pee dancing furiously, her short dress almost coming up to reveal her buttocks.

The third girl stood with her legs crossed tight, a look of intense concentration on her face, eyes closed, while behind her another petite girl was holding her crotch under a hugely bulging bladder. Then there was another blonde girl running on the spot and waggling her bum from side to side while at the end of the line the gorgeous red-haired girl was rubbing her tighs together, lifting one leg to press it against the other and blushing as she looked back. Kasheen felt her nipples get rock-hard as she stared at the girl dance around, wondering if she´d noticed her own need.

In the chamber pot room lady Kate had finally emptied herself and emerged red-faced, passing her with a bare glance while the first servant girl was already hoisting up her dress, revealing a perfect ass that she swung over the chamber pot just as a torrent of pee exploded from her. As she moaned in relief, Kasheen watched the other 5 girls double over almost in unison and had to stifle a moan herself, one of intense pleasure, even as she pressed her own legs together tight to fight back the urge to pee.

As the second girl squatted over the chamber pot to release her pent-up pee, Jasmine was dancing frantically, bursting to release her water. Claire smiled at her as she passed by, a look of intense relief on her face. Looking past her, she could see the lady hunched over slightly, clearly with her own urge to relieve herself – she wondered why she didn´t simply claim the chamber pot for her own use. She only hoped she wouldn´t do that before she had had her chance over it, The four girls in front of her wiggled like crazy, and as Jasmine looked on the first one gave a shriek and a small wet patch appeared where she was pressing her dress into her crotch.

“Nono, please hurry and let me go I must peeeee” she moaned at the girl squatting over the chamber pot who could just nod as her pee flowed out of her like a river.

Jasmine shuddered slightly thinking of how much longer she´d have to hold it and gave her private parts a long squeeze, gasping with desperation.

Kasheen stared at the third girl as she fought desperately not to wet herself. As the girl on the pot finished she gave a loud moan, literally shoving her out of the way and lifting her skirt, pee dribbling out from her pussy and a golden arc shooting out that missed the pot for just a second before she squatted over it.

“Oh gooooooooooooood” she moaned in relief and her pee noisily splattered into the filling chamber pot, making Kasheen grab her own pussy from combined arousal and desperation. The next girl took over soon and managed to position herself over the pot without leaking, but the remaining girls were by now frantically holding themselves and Kasheen could not stop staring at the red-haired girl pee dancing.

She simply gaped at her, incredibly turned on, and almost forgot she had to pee desperately as well until the other remaining girl unleashed a powerfull stream into the chamber pot. Shaking out of her haze of arousal, Kasheen almost bent double with both hands in her crotch as she realized she had to get out of this dress – and fast. Fumbling with it, she got nowhere, having to hold her pussy constantly with one hand. After a minute of trying she gave up and looking to the remaining servant girl, she smiled and hobbled over to her.

Jasmine groaned as the last girl in front of her squatted and started peeing. She could feel drops of pee leaking out even as she was holding herself tight and she just wanted to hang her bum over the blessed pot of relief.

“Please, help me out of the dress I have to peee!”

She jerked her head around to see the lady beside her, both hands thrust into her crotch and trembling with desperation.

“I…oh…I must pass water first” Jasmine managed, unable to remove her hands from between her legs as the other girl kept peeing on and on.

“You can use the chamber pot first if you help me” the lady said, coming closer and looking at her longingly. Jasmine knew that she couldn´t turn the lady down anyway…but she still wondered why she hadn´t simply made the servant girls wait as she relieved herself. Removing one hand from her crotch she started undoing the ladies dress who was dancing around slowly. In the middle of undoing the underdress she had to stop and push both her hands onto her private parts as a spurt of pee leaked out, but just as the ladies garments fell to the ground the chamber pot became free. After just a glance at the lady holding her nude crotch with both hands she hobbled over and barely managed to hoist her dress as her bladder finally gave way, spraying pee on the floor before she got her ass over the pot and moaned in relief.

Kasheen could hardly believe how turned on she was. But she was also about to pee herself and hobbled into the room. Staring at the girl wetting hard into the pot, her mouth opened in a moan of relief, she had a final idea.

“Girl, you must help me hold my water! Quick now!”

The girl looked up in surprise and for a second she stared at her rubbing her pussy. Kasheen bent over and, gasping as the first drops leaked out, grabbed one of the girls arms and thrust her hand between her legs.

“Hold tight!” she moaned, the feeling of the girls hand on her pussy almost pushing her over the edge.

Jasmine couldn´t believe it as the lady pushed her own hand between her legs. But as she continued to relieve her bursting bladder, she pushed her fingers on the ladies private parts, feeling her thrust against them desperately, and a few spurts of pee escaped. The lady was squirming hard and moaned loudly as her own bladder finally emptied and she got up, not daring to release the ladies crotch lets she pee herself.

Kasheen could feel a huge orgasm approaching like a tidal wave and knew she had no hope of holding her pee once it arrived, so she was glad when the girl rose from her squat.

“Thank you” she moaned at the girl as she turned and squatted over the almost full chamber pot, a torrent of pee shooting out of her burning hole immediately. As the red-haired girl left after a final smile at her, she had to extend her arms to hold on to the walls as her body shuddered in wave after wave of intense orgasm that lasted almost as long as her pee and left Kasheen completely exhausted.

When, after many minutes, she had composed herself again and returned to the secret room that held her means of return, she smiled happily. The first trip had been a huge success – far greater than she´d hoped, and there were plenty more to take that would bring her more pleasure. Turning on her device, she closed her eyes – to reopen them an instant later back in the lab.

She looked at her hands and, finding her mirror, her face. The new wrinkles that told the tale of the lost years only made her flinch slightly – she´d known the cost of using the device. But the memory of the experience brushed the thoughts away. She wanted more, and she had many more years to give.

Smiling with fresh arousal, she sat at the small desk and opened the huge old history book she´d taken from the library.

*004*2012-06-18 18:48

{{: 

Do you mind if I edit this to be male desperation instead? There's hardly any decent writing for us straight ladies and this is brilliantly written! I love historical settings! I'll only keep it in my collection and won't post it anywhere online.

}}

Sure, go ahead. no problem at all:)

Also if anybody wants to chat (about the story or just historic desp settings/toilet lines...) i´m in irc or messenger:)

*006*2012-06-20 19:32

There´s a story on ger´s femaledesperation "servant girl´s desperation" which partly inspired this story.

Do you (or anybody else) have any suggestions which historic periods to do next?:)

