Jiraiya Omorashi

Author: JHCross

*000*2011-04-05 16:13

I didn't write this, but it was written to fulfill a request here

###

It was an experiment, he told himself as he chugged down the glass of tea. Research.

Research of a different kind than he normally did, but research nonetheless.

He refilled the glass from the pitcher he had prepared for the occasion. Then he chugged it down again. Green tea, strong. Since he normally didn’t drink tea (either sake or water, and lately he had discovered a taste for an exotic brew from Water country, coffee), he could expect to experience the full diuretic effect of the brew.

A fourth glass followed, before his stomach protested that it really couldn’t deal with any more liquid for the moment.

With a nod to himself, Jiraiya went back to his latest manuscript of Icha Icha Love-Fest. Now it was time to wait, and that was done best while imagining wonderful plot twists for the catty little heroine Aiko.

Time passed, and Jiraiya drank another two glasses of tea. Aiko discovered that the guy she had thought to be a wonderful lover, was in fact a yakuza crook who wanted to lock her up in one of his brothels.

Jiraiya fidgeted on the chair a bit and went back to describing the patrons of the whorehouse. And if some of them bore a faint resemblance to people he knew, that was a coincidence.

Another glass of tea followed. One liter, and counting. His bladder was counting, too, but so far it was only a slight discomfort that he could easily block out in favor of a raunchy scene where Aiko and Hana had to entertain a customer - completely clothed for now, but making witty conversation laced with tons of subtle innuendo.

More and more often, Jiraiya found himself distracted, found that he was unconsciously tapping his foot, found it more and more impossible to sit still. And he drank yet another glass.

In preparation for the event, he had made more than two liters of tea, and he wasn’t even close to running out of liquid yet. The sight of the half-full jug made him shiver, before he wrestled his mind back to Aiko’s and Hana’s customer. A strapping young lad, who was more than a match for the tongues of the two women combined.

He shifted in his seat, and drank yet another glass. Aiko was getting desperate, and-

No. He crossed out the last sentence and found his hand trembling slightly. What was it that Aiko was? He fidgeted, trying to ignore the way his lower body was starting to clamor for attention. She was coquettish and blushing slightly - and if this wasn’t an experiment, Jiraiya would have high-tailed it to the bathroom by now.

Instead he looked at the pitcher, at the liquid in it, and couldn’t quite bring himself to drink more.

His breathing grew shallower as the unrest and the need spread to his whole body. He clenched his pelvic floor muscles, and for a while it helped. Aiko was hinting at wanting to suck off her customer, and Jiraiya had to clench his hands around the chair he was sitting on to not get up and run to the bathroom, hoping he’d last that long.

Heat rose to his cheeks, and he gasped quietly for air. It was getting bad, his concentration completely shot to hell. His muscle control, too, seeing that he was shivering all over his body.

And something amongst all of that felt good.

He gritted his teeth and hunched over to put as little pressure as possible on his bladder.

It was an absolutely natural reaction to get feelings of arousal mixed in with such a full bladder. For one, the pubococcygeus muscle that could be voluntarily contracted to help support the urethral sphincter, played a big part during ejaculation. For another, a full bladder put pressure on the prostate located directly below it.

He froze when another rush of heat flowed through him, trying to deliberately relax all the muscles that had clenched without his input. Except for the most obvious ones, of course. He wasn’t hard, but he felt as if he should be.

And no, this wasn’t a sign that his team mate had coerced him into reading an anatomy book. Jiraiya’s sex-godhood-ness was self-proclaimed, but at least he took those things seriously. To be the best, one had to know what was there to work with, so he had made it a big point to study the pelvic region very thoroughly. Of both sexes.

And - shit, he should have thought this over, research or not, and Aiko was right in the middle of batting her eyelashes at her customer - in regard to bladders and PC-muscles and prostates, women and men were quite similar. Even if women didn’t call it prostate.

With a trembling hand, he reached for the next glass. He chugged it down trying not to think about it, and cringed almost immediately as another spasm went through him. It left him flushed and panting and incredibly aware of the drawstring that held his pants in place. Even the slightest amount of pressure equaled to torture now.

He twitched his leg, fidgeting on his chair. Moving helped, for a little while. Strong abdominal muscles - not so much. Even if Aiko admired them on her handsome customer. While they ensured that his guts stayed inside during the most insane maneuvers, their well-trained state refused to let them distend as much as they could to make way for his bladder.

He gritted his teeth and ground his pelvis into the chair. Didn’t help much, either. Even breathing grew to be a strain, and he forced himself to sit utterly still, eyes unfocused as his body clamored for attention.

Aiko was - if he gripped the chair any harder, he’d have matchwood in his hands - she was sliding her yukata lower - and Jiraiya touched his abdomen and could feel the hardness of his bladder pressing against his fingers from within - to bare her shoulders.

His bladder protested the slight touch, and he cringed and clenched his muscles for all he was worth and endured the flashes of heat rolling through him continuously now. He reached lower to squeeze the base of his member, but while that brought momentary relief he couldn’t quite find a way to make that work without his hand or his arm or the drawstring of his pants putting any pressure on his hypersensitive abdomen.

To bare her elegant shoulders, and Jiraiya couldn’t concentrate, and some how that mental image of a pale white neck and smooth skin and teasing look mixed with his ramrod-straight desperation, and even though he wasn’t hard, he was hard, and he hastily retreated his hand to grab the seat of his chair in desperation. He gasped and trembled and couldn’t get his mind to work beyond Aiko and her yukata sliding lower and his bladder hurting, and a small bit of liquid forced itself through his control, and he did his best to contain it, but he couldn’t, and more flowed and his pants were growing damp and damper, and he didn’t want to, but it was getting too much, and - he let go.

Warm-hot liquid splashed across his thighs and wet his front and soaked through to the seat of his pants, and he closed his eyes before they could start to burn. He hunched over in a mixture of humiliation and incredible relief as the urine streamed out of him, and Aiko’s coquettish smile was the very last thing on his mind. For several minutes, he just sat there, feeling his muscles cramp around his empty bladder to wring out even the last bit of liquid. It still felt good, in that afterglow way of orgasm, and yet he hadn’t come at all.

Nonetheless, Jiraiya felt exhausted, physically as well as emotionally. The smell wasn’t too bad; he had consumed enough liquid to dilute the uric acid to minimize the odor. And he had smelled much worse before on the battle fields and in the slums where some of his contacts lived.

But his pants were growing cold, so he eventually forced himself to get up and go to the bathroom, and clean up the mess he had made.

When he stood under the shower afterwards, still in a slight daze, he thought that maybe, if he toned things down a bit, he had the basics for a new volume. Icha Icha Desperation.

