Shana and Deat

Author: Astolfosuki

*000*2012-02-10 04:54

This is my first time typing a fanfic and my grammar plus word choice is bad. If u hate or don't like this fanfic, please comment and I will not continue. Shana is the character from Shakugan No Shana, I really like this anime and the character. However, in this fanfic, Shana is a shy and weak girl.

This the first chapter 1, i may continue if people like it, but this may a bit long and the desperation and wetting will happen at the end. This chapter is the build up for the two main characters, how fate make them see each other, and how they start to form a bond and secrets. Please enjoy even thought the grammar may be bad.

Prolog:

This story revolves around a boy named Deat and Shana. This may be a love fiction, and may form a love triangle. The main character is Deat, short for Death World. He is just like any normal teenager, maybe a little taller and more handsome, he can easily past the test to become a model. The main difference between him and his school mates is that he is too normal or almost non existent. A long time ago, just when he go into middle school, his life was changed forever. During a car ride with his family, and his childhood friend, they go into a car accident. Both his parents died, luckily his childhood friend lived, but was in comma ever since, everyone was losing hope in her waking up again. For so many years he already lost interest in this world and start turn invisible. He don't care about this world or anything that is around him. Almost everyone around him aren't able to see him anymore.

Shana on the other hand have a similar past to Deat. She have no memory of her past, she don't know who her parents are or they dead or still alive. The only difference between her and Deat is that she have not given up on this world. She have hopes that one day she will be able to find her true parents. But in many ways she is similar to Deat, she is shy so not many other people notices her, yet she still have one best friend that always stands up for her. The introduction ends here.

Chapter 1:

This story starts in a normal high school, where magic don't exist nor people there believes in fate. Even though, they see love but love will always be on the sides of these two teens. The bell that just rang mark the end of first period, and almost everyone was chatting with each other and taking a break before second period starts. All but that one lonely person. Deat, as usual was walking quietly near the wall, he was like he was ready to sink into the walls and go to a new world. Even though he is tall, he slumps when he walks and it makes him look shorter than the people around him. He is also invisible to the people around him.

Fate have change everything for him on that day. As he was walking to his second period he saw the girl, even thought her head hung low, he was able to feel that they were similar. Suddenly his heart start to beat furiously, and new feeling start emerge from the heart that should have been dead after the accident. The feeling disappeared with out a trace, Deat have given up on this world and won't just come back just because of this one girl. He hurried to class, not wanting to feel that way again.

He tried his best to forget about the girl and just focus on the school work. Which he normally don't but he need something to distract him from the girl's beautiful and cute face. Soon he was day dreaming about the girl, wondering who she was and how come that she have something that will make him want to give this world another chance. The day pasted really fast, when the last bell ringed for the students to get out of the school everyone was already planning what to do next.

He quickly hurried out his classroom, his body want to steal another glance at the girl during break. However, his mind was against it. He stand in a corner and wait until almost all the student left the school building. Now he noticed that the girl have left through the back door. " How can I be so stupid?" He thought angrily to himself. His heart hurts, and he was disappointed. He angrily walk out of the building and took the road where not too many people walk. He like the road, it was behind an alley and he need the peace to calm himself. He start to think about why he feels that way, why he was so heart broken after not being able to see the girl. Deat was like under a spell thinking about these things.

The spell broke after he heard a scream, Deat wasn't able to make out what is say. But for some strange reason he know it's the girl that was in trouble. He ran at top speed trying to reach the girl. This time he didn't care what happen or what might happen he just want to be next to the girl and protect her. By the time he reach where the girl is, he saw that he was surrounded by four gangster. Without thinking he punch the gangster that was closest to the girl. Even though he haven't use all his strength, the gangster still flied three feet from where he first stand. The other gangster start to run away with the one that was on the floor. They were scared either from the crazy strength or the glared that he gives off. Promising death if they still want to mess around with them.

He turn around to see how the girl is. She was fine, no bruise or anything hurt, but tears was sliding down her face. Deat heart beats fast and he also feels sad when he saw the girl cry. Without thinking he took the girls hand and lead her to his house. He don't know if this the right thing to do, but he can't leave the girl there. By the time they got to Deat's front door the girl had stop crying. He lead him inside and seat her on the sofa. Deat quickly walked into the kitchen to get some tea. When he came back, the girl seems to be in distress and she was hiding something. But he didn't care, all that matter was the girl now sitting on the sofa in his living room. Deat start to wonder who this girl was, and is she scared of him.

"My name is Deat. Short for Death World. I know it's a wired name, and you can laugh if you think if it's funny." Deat said to the girl sitting across from him. He act liek he don't care about what the girl think about his name. but he was going crazy hoping, she won't think he is some weirdo just because of his name.

"No, I don't think it's a funny name. I think it's pretty cool, every name is something that is valuable and something that we are. My name is Shana, from class 4, which class are you from, Deat-san?" Shana told him.

"I'm from room 2." Deat replied. They talk about school, their life and experience. While they talk, Deat have this feeling that he have know Shana from a long time ago, yet they only meet. As the conversation goes on. Deat notice that Shana was fidgeting more and can't seem to sit still. Deat wonder if she have to go to the bathroom, if she have to then she should have ask, Deat thought to himself.

"Are you okay? Something wrong? You seem to be fidgeting a lot." Deat asked politely.

"I'm fine, it's nothing to worry about." Shana said in a rush, and she blush, her facing getting redder.

Deat knew it wasn't nothing, but he didn't want to embarrass this cute girl. At the back his mind he was wondering how much longer she was able to hold it. They kepton talking, and drink the tea that Deat have made. Shana's face was red, and she almost always keep a hand between her leg.

Deat start to get excited and nervous at the same time. Wondering what he should do? This cute girl sitting across from him was desperate for the bathroom, but she was too shy to ask where it was. His feeling are twisted wondering what he should do. Pull the girl to the bathroom, so she can relieve herself, or just sit there like he doesn't notice anything and wait for her wet herself.

The clock then struck five o'clock, and the bells ring. This surprised Shana and she turned around, and her leg was uncrossed with the movement. This gave Deat a chance to glance up her short skirt, even though the room have low lighting was pretty dark. But Deat eyes from birth was good and saw that she was wearing cute pink panties with laces at side. Deat think he saw a small wet spot near the crotch, however, he quickly dismissed this thought. He don't believe this cute girl, will wet herself in front of him.

Shana turn back around and her face was redder than better. She suddenly stand up, and Deat saw tears in the corn of her eyes. With this sudden movement he nearly drop the cup of tea he was drinking.

Shana's head dropped, but Deat saw that her face was really red. "Can I borrow your bathroom?"

Even before Deat was able to comprehend this question, he know that Shana was wetting her self. Shana, pulled up her skirt showing Deat her cute pink panties with laces. That was when the real flood came. A steam of pee slide down Shana's leg, even though her skirt was out of the way it was still too late and the crotch area in the front of the skirt was wet, and the back of the whole skirt was wet. Shana cried, and sobbed, while she keep wetting herself.

Deat look at Shana and her panties while she wet them. Not knowing what he should do, but when he saw Shana's face his heart nearly leaped out. Tears was rolling down her face and it was so red, that it was turning black from like exercising a lot.

Without thinking, he stand up and walk over to Shana and hug her tightly. Shana sobbed in Deat's hand for a while, but there was already a calm feeling taking over her body. She peed for a little longer, by the time she have all the urine out of her system. There was a huge puddle on the floor soaking into the slippers and socks. There was a huge wet spot on the couch where Shana was sitting.

