The Gift

Author: PrinceOfThePee

*000*2015-11-08 07:12

I'm not sure if this is an idea that someone else has had before (i think I've seen one fic with a similar premise, but I'm not sure), but this is just a random idea I had.

###

CHAPTER ONE

Aiden was born with a gift. Ever since he could remember he could look at a person and know exactly how much urine they were holding, and their exact bladder capacity too. It had always been a part of him, and as such was so ingrained into his being that he went for many years without noticing it much.

That was, until middle school. When the other boys his age started noticing how pretty girls were, Aiden began noticing their bladders. The bladders of the girls and the boys. He began to realize that he quite enjoyed watching a desperate boy or girl in class, fidgeting or squirming occasionally. Aiden always felt a thrill of excitement when he saw how much they were holding in their bladders. Sometimes, if he had the time, he would follow them to the bathrooms as discreetly as possible, always feeling a strange thrill when he saw them go into the bathrooms bursting, then come out relieved. But the opportunities to see such displays were rare, which disappointed him, but there wasn't much he could do about it but savor the few sightings he got.

By the time high school rolled around, he had many more opportunities to see people bursting to pee. His school was very strict, and teachers rarely let students leave the classroom to use the bathroom. On top of that, the school campus was quite large, and there was barely time between classes to stop at the bathroom. And since the school only kept two of the restrooms on campus unlocked, you were very, very lucky if you got to pee between classes. So students had to wait until lunch, or just wait until the end of the school day.

Of course, this led to many, many sightings of desperation by Aiden. He did enjoy seeing his peers desperate, but he had found during his Freshman year that it was extremely distracting and had started causing his grades to slip. The next couple of years he had gotten good at getting his schoolwork done before turning his attention to his interest. But now, in his Senior year, he was really trying to buckle down on schoolwork and extracurricular activities.

It was a crisp fall morning, and Aiden was walking to school. He was tall for his age, and rather good-looking, with messy blonde hair and eyes the color of the summer sun. Freckles dusted his cheeks, and he had begun growing a bit of facial hair on his chin. Today, Aiden was wearing light blue jeans, a black Pokemon tee shirt, and a gray sweatshirt. He wore old, comfortable sneakers, and had his backpack slung over one shoulder.

“Hey, Aiden!” Aiden turned toward a familiar voice, and saw his best friend Emily waving at him from across the street. He stopped walking to wait for her to catch up, and she dashed across the road as soon as it was clear. Aiden and Emily had been close friends since they were kids, having lived down the street from each other their whole lives and going to the same school since kindergarten. She was short and slender, with short black hair and tan skin. “Happy friday!” Emily smiled cheerfully.

“Heh, yeah.” The two began walking together, heading to school.

“Got any plans tonight?” Emily asked. Aiden rolled his eyes.

“Same as you, stupid.” He nudged her. “Football game tonight. Band performance. Remember?”

“Ohhh.” Emily pretended to act surprised. “Riiight, I almost forgot.” Aiden chuckled to himself. She hadn't shut up about the game all week.

The two walked in silence for a while, which Aiden realized was odd. Emily usually talked his ear off all the way to school. He glanced at her questioningly, and as soon as he really looked at her he realized her bladder was full. Almost completely full, actually.

“Hey, are you....um...” Aiden paused. Of course, he was well aware that no one else had the ability to see how full other people's bladders were. He had decided as a child to keep it a secret, knowing his ability was quite abnormal and not wanting people to think he was a freak. “Are you...feeling alright?” Aiden asked.

“Oh. Yeah.” Emily said briskly. “I'm just a bit distracted, is all. Excited for the band performance, you know?” She smiled at him. Aiden smiled back and focused his attention back on walking, lost in his thoughts. He wondered what Emily was going to do...she was so full. She must not have peed that morning... “I'll meet you in the band room, okay?” Emily said, snapping Aiden from his thoughts. They had reached the school, and were walking across campus toward the band room. “I'll be right back.”

“Kay. See you there.” Aiden smiled as she bounded off toward the bathrooms near the cafeteria. He walked the rest of the way to the band room, joining the crowd of band kids waiting outside. Their director was almost always late, showing up barely before the bell to unlock the door. He waited for Emily, briefly noting the almost empty state of all of the bladders around him. Aiden checked the time on his phone, and saw that they still had twenty minutes before the bell. It would be at least fifteen minutes before their director got there.

He played on his phone for a few minutes, checking his facebook, then looked up when he saw Emily out of his peripheral vision. She was frowning, which was odd for her. She was normally extremely up-beat and excitable. Aiden quickly saw why. Her bladder was still full.

“You okay?” He asked. “You look stressed.”

“Oh...I do?” Emily frowned. “Sorry...It's just the bathrooms are locked...”

“Oh?” Aiden probed.

“Yeah...” Emily looked quite uncomfortable, and it was no wonder with the fullness of her bladder. “Bree was hogging the shower this morning, so I didn't have the chance to pee...” She muttered under her breath. Oh, so that's why... Aiden thought to himself. “Ah, well. Guess I'll wait till second period and ask Ms. K if I can be excused...”

When Mr. Webber, the director, finally showed up and unlocked the door, everyone went into the band room and got their instruments. Emily went and grabbed her clarinet, and Aiden headed over to the corner of the classroom where the sideline percussion instruments were located. He dropped his backpack by the piano that was hardly ever used and positioned himself in front of the marimba, waiting for the band to start warming up.

Throughout the entire period, Aiden kept his attention split between practice and the state of Emily's bladder. He noticed she had begun to fidget occasionally in her chair, crossing her ankles tightly and squeezing her thighs together. Her bladder didn't seem to be filling too quickly though, and Aiden knew she would be able to hold it for at least a couple hours. Definitely not until lunch, but she still had time.

By the end of the hour, when the students had packed away their instruments and were gathering by the door, Emily's desperation was visibly worse. She was fidgeting and looked worried, much quieter than usual and seeming to be occupied with searching for something in her bag. Aiden checked her bladder again, slightly disappointed that they had separate classes next period. They had third hour together, then fourth and lunch, but Aiden was sure she'd be able to relieve herself next hour. Ms. K was generally pretty lax about bathroom policy.

So when the bell rang, they left the band room and went their separate ways, Aiden shrugging off Emily's desperation and turning his attention to math.

*006*2015-11-09 23:25

Hey, look, an update already! Glad you guys are enjoying it so far. :)

###

CHAPTER TWO

Aiden was rushing to his third period class, Government, trying to make it before the bell. His math teacher had kept the class after the bell to pass out homework, and now he was afraid he'd get another tardy. Luckily though, he rushed through the doorway just as the bell rang, and quickly sat down at his desk.

He sighed and leaned back in his seat, panting slightly from the rush in getting there, and pulled out his pen and notebook from his bag. He spared a glance at Emily as Mr. Taylor began the lesson, and was surprised to see her bladder was even fuller than before. Ms. K didn't let her go? Aiden thought. He watched Emily squirming in her seat out of the corner of his eye, unable to focus on the lesson. She was shifting in her seat frequently, her thighs pressed together tightly. She really was desperate and reaching her limit.

“Alright everyone, now split into groups of three.” Mr. Taylor instructed. “You're going to work on this worksheet together.” The students began chatting excitedly and moving their desks, grouping up with their friends. Aiden slid his desk and chair against Emily's.

“Um, Mr. Taylor?” Emily squirmed in her seat, her hand raised. “May I please use the restroom?” Aiden could hear the desperation in her voice.

“I'm sorry, Emily, you know the rules.” Mr. Taylor sat down at his desk, barely glancing at her. “You're just going to have to wait.” Emily lowered her hand, looking disappointed.

“Ms. K didn't let you go?” Aiden asked.

“No...” Emily muttered. Aiden looked at her, concerned, then picked up the worksheet Mr. Taylor had passed out earlier.

“Erm, excuse me...” Aiden looked up. A tall boy with black hair was standing in front of his desk. “Can I join your group? Everyone else grouped up...” He asked shyly.

“Oh.” Aiden smiled in a friendly manner. “Of course.”

“Thanks.” The boy turned a desk around to face theirs. “I'm Daulton, by the way.” He said. “I'm new, just started here a week ago.”

“Oh, really?” Aiden asked. He wasn't really surprised. Families in their area seemed to move often, and it was a growing community, so new students were a pretty common thing. “I'm Aiden.”

“Nice to meet you.” Daulton smiled and pulled out his worksheet. “And you're...?”

“Emily.” Emily muttered quietly. She seemed to be focusing all of her attention on her full bladder. Aiden watched her for a moment, distracted. She truly was nearing her limit. He began to worry that she would have an accident.

“Emily...Nice to meet you.” Daulton smiled.

“Well...” Aiden forced his attention away from Emily. “Let's get started on this. It looks pretty simple.”

They began work on the assignment, Daulton and Aiden looking up answers in the book and letting Emily just copy their work. Aiden knew that even Daulton could see how desperate Emily was. They were almost finished when Aiden heard Emily gasp next to him. He looked over. Her bladder was absolutely full, and by her stiff posture and the blush spreading in her cheeks Aiden assumed she had leaked.

“Hey, um...Are you okay?” Daulton leaned forward, his hand brushing Emily's just slightly. As they touched, Emily's expression changed. Her posture became more relaxed, and she sighed quietly. Aiden watched her, expecting to see a puddle spreading from her chair, but there was nothing. He checked her bladder, and saw that it was suddenly almost completely empty.

“Y-yeah...” Emily leaned back, looking confused. Daulton moved his hand back to his own desk, picking up his pencil. His expression looked strained. And his bladder was....full? Had it been full a minute ago? Aiden glanced at Emily again, utterly perplexed. She had just been bursting! What the hell happened?

“Glad to hear.” Daulton smiled, but to Aiden it seemed rather forced. “Come on, let's get this finished.” He went back to the worksheet, but Aiden couldn't focus. Daulton seemed to be having issues too, looking extremely uncomfortable and squirming in his seat. He glanced at the clock frequently, his light hazel eyes darting back and forth from the clock to his worksheet.

When they finished, Aiden leaned back in his seat, doodling in his notebook in an effort to distract himself from the predicament Daulton was now in. He was tapping his foot anxiously, fidgeting, squirming, and biting his lip. His bladder really was full. Daulton only had room for another 100 milliliters or so. And at the rate his bladder was filling he really didn't have long to wait.

“Well, um...” Daulton stood up slowly. “Guess I'll leave you guys alone now.” He moved the desk back quickly, looking nervous. “See you around.” Aiden smiled at him and then continued doodling as Daulton walked past him and made his way back to his seat. Aiden felt the boy's forearm brush his shoulder just slightly, and he suddenly doubled over in pain. His bladder filled so suddenly it felt like a knife had gone through him.

“Aiden?” Emily touched his shoulder, concerned. Aiden clenched his thighs together, clutching his stomach. He had barely needed to pee a minute ago, and now his bladder was so full it hurt. "Are you okay?"

“Yeah...” Aiden leaned back. “Yeah, I'm fine.” He lied. Aiden glanced at the clock. Class was almost over. In five minutes he could run to the bathroom and take a quick piss before fourth hour. Aiden pulled himself together quickly. Just five minutes. You can hold it for five minutes. He assured himself. He moved his desk back to it's normal place when Mr. Taylor instructed them to, turned in his worksheet, packed up his bag, and waited, preparing to bolt.

He was out of his seat as soon as the bell rang, hurrying toward the bathroom. His bladder pulsed and ached, begging to be emptied. He had no idea how he'd gotten so desperate so fast, but he was too desperate to puzzle it out. Aiden dashed to the boys' bathroom and pushed on the door. It didn't budge.

No... Aiden tensed, clenching his thighs together. He pushed on the door again.

“Sorry, kid.” A security guard nearby was watching him. “Some kid clogged a few of the toilets in there.”

“But..the urinals?” Aiden asked desperately.

“It's totally flooded in there. Bathroom's closed.” The security guard glanced at his watch. “Now hurry up and get to class, or I'll have to send you to sweep.” Aiden bit his lip, trying not to groan in frustration. He had to pee so badly! But he had no time to make it to the restroom on the other side of campus, and he was not going to get sent to sweep again. It was an utterly useless form of in school suspension as punishment for being tardy, and Aiden was not going to sit in a classroom doing nothing and missing class. Aiden took a deep breath and made his way to his English class, getting to his seat before the bell rang.

Aiden crossed his legs under the desk and looked at Emily in her assigned seat on the other side of the room. She shot him a questioning look, and Aiden just shook his head. He placed his bag on the corner of the desk and pulled out his notebook. At the same time he sneakily moved his phone from his pocket to his bag, preparing to text Emily throughout class without the teacher noticing.

Fifty minutes... Aiden told himself. I can wait fifty minutes...I'm not a child...

*009*2015-11-16 21:38

CHAPTER THREE

It was barely two minutes into the lecture when Aiden saw his phone light up.

What's wrong? It was Emily.

Gotta pee. Didn't have the chance before class. He tapped out quickly, glancing up to make sure the teacher wasn't paying attention. They weren't supposed to be texting in class, but at least half of the class did it every day. As long as the teacher didn't notice, and as long as he got his work done, Aiden didn't see any issue in it.

Oh. :(

Wbu? You still gotta go? Aiden knew she didn't, but she didn't know that he knew that. There was something about that Daulton kid...Aiden wanted to puzzle it all out, but his full bladder was making it difficult to concentrate.

No, actually...It's really weird...All of a sudden I didn't have to go anymore...

Weird.

Mhm, you're telling me.

A sudden throb went through his bladder, and Aiden clenched his thighs together, leaning forward slightly. God, he had to piss. He noticed that his phone lit up again, but he didn't check it. He needed to focus all of his attention on his throbbing, bursting bladder.

Aiden crossed his legs under his desk and forced his attention to the whiteboard, hastily scribbling down a few notes to make it look like he was participating in class. He bit his lip to muffle a groan and tapped his pen on his notebook anxiously, briefly checking the bladders of everyone in the class to distract himself from his own bladder. Everyone seemed okay, except, interestingly enough, the teacher. Aiden looked at her bladder more closely. It seemed she was quite full, but hiding it well. Aiden figured she'd had lots of practice in holding. He wondered if her own predicament would soften her up to bend some of the rules...

Aiden glanced at the clock. There were still thirty minutes of class left...He knew there was only a slim chance he could make it. He pressed his thighs together and shot his hand into the air.

“Yes, Aiden, would you like to remind everyone the differences between a simile and a metaphor?” Miss Beck smiled at him.

“Um...no, actually...I was going to ask if I could please use the restroom?” Aiden blushed slightly, painfully aware of how desperate he sounded. Miss Beck frowned at him.

“No, you may not. You'll just have to wait.” She said. Miss Beck looked away from him and called on another student. Aiden put his hand down, feeling embarrassed. Now everyone knew. He hated that feeling.

Aiden looked down at his desk, and noticed his phone light up again. He unlocked his phone and looked at the message. It was Emily again.

Fucking bitch. No offense but it's pretty obvious you need to go.

Oh that's comforting. Aiden typed. He knew Emily would understand his sarcasm. Aiden picked up his pen and took a few more notes, trying to distract himself. He hadn't needed to pee this badly in...well, a long time. He'd always had a pretty strong bladder. Generally he seemed to be able to hold it much longer and much easier than most people. But, at the same time, that put him at a bit of a disadvantage at the moment. Aiden wasn't used to feeling desperate, and he was finding it impossible to focus on anything and to sit still. He was sure half the class was probably watching him squirm around in his seat.

He gasped quietly at a particularly strong throb from his bladder, and felt a blush spread through his cheeks as a small dribble of pee dampened his underwear. Aiden glanced at the clock again. Twenty minutes left. He bit his lip and shifted in his seat. There was no way he could hold it. He shot his hand into the air again. Ms. Beck was still lecturing, but stopped when he raised his hand.

“Yes, Aiden?”

“May I please use the restroom? It's an emergency and--”

“I already told you no, Aiden. Now stop disrupting class.” Ms. Beck turned back to the board. Aiden lowered his hand and stared at his desk, beginning to feel panicked. He had leaked already; he absolutely could not hold it another twenty minutes.

Aiden folded his arms on top of his desk and rested his forehead on them, feeling himself tear up. His bladder was so full it felt like it was going to burst. Sharp pains radiated through it, and no amount of squirming or thigh clenching could hold back the ocean in his bladder. A small moan escaped him as his bladder throbbed again, and another dribble of pee leaked out. It was longer this time, soaking through his boxers and onto his jeans before he could stop it. He couldn't do it. He couldn't hold back the flood.

Urine began escaping in small spurts, dripping down his left leg and soaking into his sock. Aiden tried to stop it, but once the spurts started he couldn't stop. Another spurt, forceful enough to make a soft hiss, soaked into his jeans. And another, and another.

Finally his bladder released fully, urine quickly saturating the crotch of his jeans and dripping into the growing puddle beneath him. Aiden's face burned with embarrassment. He heard his classmates gasp, then whisper and giggle. Ms. Beck had stopped speaking.

Aiden kept his face hidden, waiting in shocked embarrassment while his bladder emptied. His bladder really had been full. His stream went on and on, finally beginning to slow after a couple of long minutes. It was still silent when his bladder was finally empty. Urine dripped softly from his jeans. Aiden was too embarrassed to even feel the relief, his insides burning with shame. He felt nauseous. He couldn't believe he had just pissed himself in the middle of class.

The silence in the classroom was finally broken when Ms. Beck cleared her throat.

“Well...ah...I suppose you should go to the nurse...” She said uncomfortably. Aiden felt a sick sense of pleasure when he saw her bladder throbbing, probably reacting to his accident and wanting to empty. He raised his head off his arms, his face flaming. “You're excused.”

Aiden shoved his stuff into his backpack, stood, and walked out of the classroom, not daring to look at anyone. His shoes squished with each step. He felt gross and sticky with urine. He just wanted to crawl into a hole and die.

Keeping his eyes on the ground, Aiden headed to the nurse's office.

*011*2015-11-17 20:45

Okay, so no real desperation or wetting in this chapter but there will be some in the next chapter. :) I'm really happy with how this is shaping up so far.

###

CHAPTER FOUR

An hour later, Aiden was sprawled out on his bed, hair damp from his shower and wearing clean clothes. The nurse had told him to just change into a pair of gym shorts she had in her office and go back to class, but Aiden refused and called his mom. She was working, of course, but after Aiden had explained what had happened she told the school that he had her permission to miss the rest of the day and go home. Aiden was relieved. He had wanted nothing more than to just go home and hide in his room.

And now he was home, comfortable and sketching in his sketchbook. He'd started sketching people he'd see at school a few years back, with their bladders visible in their abdomens. It was something he'd do some days when he got to see desperation, as a way to help him visualize better. Currently, he was sketching Emily, and still puzzling out in his head what had happened that day.

Emily's bladder had been full; he knew that for sure. She had even told him she needed to pee. Then right when Aiden assumed she'd leaked...that Daulton guy had leaned closer, asking her if she was okay. Thinking, Aiden began drawing a rough outline of Daulton leaning over. Aiden tried to remember the exact moment to get the details right. Hadn't he touched her hand...? Aiden drew their hands quickly, his mind still buzzing. Whether Daulton had touched her hand or not, Emily's bladder was suddenly empty after that. And Daulton's had suddenly become full. Had Daulton done something?

Now that he thought back, he hadn't even noticed his own bladder until Daulton had touched his arm on his way back to his seat. That was when Aiden had suddenly felt like he was going to explode. Aiden realized he hadn't checked Daulton's bladder after that. He'd been too desperate and distracted. But with what had happened to Emily, and then him, Aiden wondered if Dalton's bladder was empty again suddenly.

Confused, Aiden lay down his pencil, staring down at his half-finished drawing. It seemed impossible, but the more Aiden thought about it, the more it made sense. Had Daulton actually taken the contents of Emily's bladder, then transferred it to Aiden? Aiden shook his head. That was impossible.

He shoved his sketchbook aside and rolled onto his back, reaching for his phone. Emily had probably been texting him like crazy. He unlocked his phone and saw nine texts from her, plus a text from Thomas, another band member. Thomas's message was asking what time they needed to be at the school that night for the game, and Emily's escalated from a simple, 'You went home?' to 'Seriously, fuck this school I cant believe teachers are allowed to pull shit like that!' Sighing, Aiden quickly typed out a text to her.

Ya, I went home. He said. Emily responded in seconds.

Are you okay? She asked.

Fine. He lied.

:( are you still going to the game?

I kind of have to. Aiden texted back. He really, really didn't want to, but he knew Webber would be pissed if he didn't show. And besides that he didn't want to let down his fellow band members.

Want me to come over after school? I'll bring some tacos. Aiden smiled just slightly. Emily always knew how to cheer him up.

Yeah, sure. :)

Kk, see you later!

Aiden quickly responded to Thomas's text, reminding him of their call time, then slipped his phone into the pocket of his sweatpants. He got up and wandered into the kitchen, preheating the oven and popping in some pizza rolls. He hadn't eaten lunch, and realized after the tiring morning that he was starving. He grabbed a soda and plopped down in front of the T.V., watching some cartoons while the pizza rolls cooked. Once they were done, he piled them onto a plate and sat back down, whiling away the rest of the afternoon munching on pizza rolls and watching T.V.

At exactly 2:45, the front door was thrown open.

“Yo, Aiden!” Emily burst in, clutching a Taco Bell bag. She closed the front door behind her and bounced into the living room, dropping her backpack by the couch.

“You've gotta stop opening the door like that, Em. If you bust the wall my moms gonna kill me.” Aiden said, clearing some pillows off the couch so Emily could sit down.

“Yeah, right.” Emily sat down, handing him the bag. “Your mom wouldn't hurt a fly.”

“I dunno, she sure kills a lot of them in the summer.”

“Yeah,” Emily snorted. “Mrs. McCoy, the fly killer and destroyer of rowdy teenagers.” Aiden chuckled and opened the bag of food. “Anyway...” Emily reached into the bag and pulled out a wrapped taco. “Are you okay?” Aiden shrugged, unwrapping a taco and taking a bite.

“I guess for now. But you know I'll be a laughingstock tonight at the game. And Monday at school.”

“I dunno...” Emily said thoughtfully. “It seemed like more people were just indifferent. You know you're definitely not the first kid to wet themselves....And actually, I heard someone else wet themselves today.”

“Really? Who?” Aiden asked.

“One of the football players. I dunno his name.” Emily finished her taco and grabbed another. “Both boys' bathrooms were closed all day, I heard.”

“Huh. That's weird.”

“They shouldn't be allowed to do that.” Emily said. “It's ridiculous.”

“Yeah.” Aiden finished his second taco.

“Hey, you wanna get some slurpees and hang out at the school before the game?” Emily asked. “Nate finally got the projector in the band room to work. He was gonna hook up his Wii and play Smash Bros. I wanna see Caitlin get her ass kicked.” Aiden smiled. He knew, at least, the band kids wouldn't make fun of him. The marching band was like a family, after all.

“Sure.” Aiden got up, wondering briefly whether the bathrooms near the band room would be unlocked that afternoon. “Let me grab my stuff.” He went into his room, changed into jeans and his band tee shirt, slipped on his shoes, and grabbed his backpack. He shoved his phone into his jean pocket, grabbed his sweatshirt, and stopped in the bathroom to take a quick leak before leaving the house with Emily, heading out of their neighborhood and down the road. Maybe the game won't be bad after all. Aiden thought. Maybe word hasn't even spread that far yet....I mean, who cares about someone wetting themselves when the first football game of the season is tonight?

*014*2015-11-24 13:03

Thanks for all the positive feedback so far! I am working on chapter five but am also working on a really long research paper for school and preparing to go out of town for thanksgiving so chapter five may take a bit longer to finish than I had anticipated.

*016*2015-12-08 00:45

Okay, finally! So sorry for the delay. Was busy with school and then a comic con thing, but I've finally got chapter five finished. Sorry, not much desperation in this chapter either but there will be more. I promise.

###

CHAPTER FIVE

“What the fuck, Caitlin, you can't just spam Down B that's not fair!” Emily shouted angrily, dodging around the stage.

“No rules, bitches.” Caitlin giggled. “I can spam with Pikachu all I want...YES!”

“No!” Emily groaned and flopped onto her back on the floor, her dark hair splayed under her head.

“Hey guys it's 5:45, time to wrap that up.” Mr. Webber was peeking into the band room from his office, holding a stack of sheet music.

“Okay.” Caitlin got up, bringing her controller over to Nate and started helping him pack the Nintendo away. Emily and Aiden handed his controllers back too, getting up and stretching. Aiden slurped down the melted remains of his cherry slurpee.

“We've gotta do this again.” Emily said. “I want a rematch.”

“Ha! Gladly!” Caitlin grinned. Aiden threw his empty cup away and went into one of the storage rooms with Emily to grab his uniform. Some of the flute players were gathered in one corner, halfway in uniform and giggling over each others haphazard ponytails and buns.

“Grab my helmet for me?” Emily asked, pointing to the shelf. “I'm too short.” Aiden chuckled and pulled it down, along with his own, then grabbed his uniform and went into a practice room to change.

Half an hour later, Aiden was out on the track in between the bleachers and the football field, arranging the percussion equipment and placing chairs so that he and the rest of his section could sit. Mr. Webber always put them down in front of the bleachers where the rest of the band was sitting so that when the band performed their field show, the pit could quickly and easily move their equipment to and from the football field. Though, tonight they were only performing one section of their music, but Mr. Webber still wanted it to sound perfect.

“You got all the mallets, right?” Aiden asked his section, doing a last-minute check of their equipment.

“Yeah, I got them.” Thomas said.

“Good.” Aiden sat down in one of the chairs. “Now we just wait.” He stretched, turning slightly so he could watch the bleachers. There were quite a few people already, mostly students and the parents of the football players or marching band kids. The air was heavy with excitement and anticipation.

“Um...” Thomas was still standing, looking nervous. “Are we allowed to go use the bathroom before the game starts?” Aiden glanced at him and noticed that his bladder was fairly close to full. Not quite full, but Thomas was probably just feeling it more out of anxiety. It was his first band performance, after all.

“Yeah.” Aiden pointed to the bathrooms near the concession stands. “Just hurry up. Once the game starts we're stuck here until after half time.” Thomas nodded and walked toward the concession stands quickly. Aiden watched him for a few seconds, then turned his attention to the other three members of the pit section. Amber, a junior, was leaning back in her chair and playing with her cell phone. Her bladder was close to empty. Rachel and Greg, both Freshmen like Thomas, were looking over their music. Neither of their bladders were empty, but Aiden was sure they wouldn't have any issues tonight. Unless they drank a lot of water or something.

Aiden waited for the rest of the band to get to the stands, silently people-watching and peeping at the bladders of the people in the bleachers, not having anything better to do. He didn't notice anything interesting though, and after a few minutes the rest of the band got there, filing into their section of the bleachers loudly. Most everyone was chatting excitedly and discussing music, with only a few rookies looking more than just a little nervous. Emily waved to him when she got seated, grinning widely.

It wasn't long until kickoff, and then the start of a routine football game. The pep music went smoothly, and even the bit from their show went off well. Their team was winning, and the whole atmosphere was so infectious Aiden soon found himself completely forgetting the events of earlier and cheering with everyone else every time their team scored. The whole night was going exceptionally well, and was definitely the start of a fantastic weekend, until Aiden got into the concession stand line during the third quarter.

He had just used the bathroom, and was just getting in line to grab a soda and some popcorn to snack on when he spotted someone familiar in the line next to him. It was Daulton. He looked about the same as he had earlier that day. Messy black hair, olive skin, dark eyes, and a baggy green hoodie. He was looking at all the people surrounding them, his dark brown eyes piqued with interest. Aiden watched him, thinking about the mystery of that afternoon again. Daulton noticed and caught Aiden's eye.

“Oh, h-hi...Um..Aiden, right?” Daulton looked nervous suddenly, and had begun to sweat.

“Hey.” Aiden watched him, checking his bladder curiously. It seemed full, but Daulton didn't look uncomfortable from it at all. It suddenly struck him how large Daulton's potential capacity was. At least three liters, Aiden guessed, which was much much larger than an average person's.

“Um...Listen...” Daulton looked toward the ground. He looked slightly guilty, and like he was trying to figure out how to say something. “Um...” Aiden's line was moving. He stepped forward and turned toward Daulton again. Daulton was still looking at the ground. His gaze flicked upward for a moment, and a strange look of realization crossed his face.

“'Um...'?” Aiden looked at Daulton questioningly.

“N-nothing...” Daulton shifted his gaze away.

“Next, please!” Aiden looked toward the counter quickly, realizing it was his turn. Tearing his gaze away from Daulton, he stepped up to the counter. He purchased some popcorn and a can of Dr. Pepper, then turned and started walking back to the area the pit equipment was. Aiden stood near the concessions for a few minutes and kept his eye out for Daulton, to see what he'd wanted, but he couldn't see him anywhere. Aiden checked the scoreboard to see how much longer there was of the third quarter. There was barely three minutes, and they were supposed to be back to their seats by the time they hit the two minute mark. He couldn't keep waiting around.

Brow furrowed with confusion, Aiden hurried back to his seat. To further his confusion, there was a note on his seat.

“Who put this here?” Aiden asked Amber. Amber shrugged.

“Some black-haired kid. Looked new. Anyway, he said he was looking for you.” Amber flipped her drumstick in her hand, looking bored. Aiden set his can of soda on the ground next to his chair and picked up the note curiously.

It was written on slightly wrinkled piece of paper that had been torn out of a notebook. The handwriting was very sloppy, hastily written in pen.

I know what you can see. Please meet me in the park across the street, tomorrow at 10am. I can answer all of your questions. - D

Aiden froze. 'I know what you can see'? 'D'? As in Daulton? Does he know? Aiden looked toward the bleachers.

“Hey Amber? The kid who put this here, was he wearing a green sweatshirt?” Aiden asked.

“Yeah.” Amber said.

Aiden looked back at the paper, trying to keep his expression neutral. Internally, he was freaking out. He knows...How does he know? Does this have something to do with what happened earlier? Aiden reached down the neck of his uniform jacket to shove the note into his tee shirt pocket. Whatever this was all about, he was going to find out.

*019*2015-12-08 07:45

Haha glad everyone still likes. I've actually finished the next chapter already and will post it up tomorrow.

*021*2015-12-08 18:13

Woohoo next chapter! I'm really rolling with the ideas now and will definitely update more frequently.

###

CHAPTER SIX

The house was dark and silent. Daulton knew for sure his brother was asleep. It was at least 2 in the morning. His bladder was nagging at him, but that wasn't what was keeping him awake. His stomach felt knotted with anxiety and guilt. Anxiety because of what he had realized about that guy, Aiden, and horrible guilt over what he had done to him. Daulton hated himself, but he hadn't had much of a choice.

Daulton, too, had been born with a gift. Since he was little he had been able to see how much urine was in a person's bladder just by looking at them and their capacity. But as he got older he noticed other strange things happen to him or the people around him. Sometimes, when he'd be playing tag at recess, he would tag someone and have a noticeable amount of urine suddenly fill his bladder, and the bladder of the person he'd tag suddenly became empty. And, on the reverse, sometimes if he had a full bladder he would tag someone and their bladder would suddenly become fuller.

It happened other times too. Casual touch while passing things to people. Hugs. High-fives. Around age ten it had become more frequent, and Daulton was suddenly dealing with other issues. He had never had problems emptying his bladder before, but he began finding himself often having trouble peeing. He had asked his mom about the problem peeing, and she had simply chalked it up to what she called “stage fright”. Daulton had experienced many extremely desperate situations where he simply could not empty his bladder, but had always been able to pee eventually. In the process, he had increased his bladder capacity quite a bit. And Daulton felt that he could deal with all of that. The weirdness and occasional discomforts were tolerable. Until the day his life changed forever.

One day, he just couldn't pee anymore.

He had gotten up for school one morning in eighth grade, and went into the bathroom in a sleepy haze. Daulton had tried to pee, but to his annoyance he hadn't been able to. It wasn't an altogether uncommon occurrence for him by that point, so he had continued his morning and went to school. He waited through the school day, only trying to pee again once he got home. Once again, nothing. Daulton had continued his evening. He had done his homework, eaten dinner, watched T.V., and gotten ready for bed, getting increasingly desperate all the while. He had tried peeing again before bed, but again, nothing. Daulton had begun to worry by that point, but went to bed anyway.

Daulton had woken up in the wee hours of the morning, in absolute agony from his bladder. His whole abdomen was distended. He felt like he was going to explode. Daulton had crawled out of bed and hobbled to the bathroom, positioned himself in front of the toilet, and tried to pee. But he just couldn't. His bladder had been so painfully full but he just couldn't empty it.

Panicking by that point, Daulton had hobbled to his parents' bedroom, only to find it empty. Daulton had felt himself tearing up at that point. He had forgotten that his dad was out of town. His mom worked nights, and wouldn't be back until later that morning. Having no idea what to do he had ended up in his older brother's room. He had touched his brother's shoulder, to shake him awake, when he froze.

His bladder had begun to feel less full suddenly. Daulton had begun to relax when he heard a sleepy moan from his brother, followed in seconds by a hissing noise. His brother was sprawled out on his bed, with no blankets, so Daulton had been able to see his brother's boxers darkening. The dark wetness had spread, soaking into the sheets and undoubtedly soaking the mattress.

When Daulton had finally felt relief from his bladder, the bed was soaked. Daulton had stepped back, staring. His bladder was empty, and yet he hadn't peed. His brother's bladder was empty too. And there was huge mess on the bed.

Confused, shocked, and feeling intense relief, Daulton had hurried back to his room.

From that day on, Daulton had not been able to physically pee. When his bladder got too full, he had to pass his urine off to someone else to deal with. He tried to do it in small bits, which was agony to him but possible, but sometimes he overdid it.

And today, it seemed, Daulton had overdone it.

He had felt awful for that girl, Emily. He didn't want her to embarrass herself with an accident, and he knew she had been seconds away from wetting herself. He had only meant to take some urine, to take the edge off. But he'd somehow completely emptied her bladder, and adding that to the urine that was already in his bladder quickly became painful. Of course, he wasn't at risk of wetting himself, but it was so much urine it hurt. Daulton had only meant to pass some off to Aiden, to just get a bit out. But before he could stop it he had emptied almost all of his bladder, which had been two liters of urine.

Of course, Daulton had heard at lunch that Aiden had wet himself. He felt absolutely awful about it. He really tried not to pass off all of his urine all at once. His capacity was quite large now, impossible for a normal person to hold. Daulton had fretted about Aiden all day. He had seemed nice, and there was something about him that seemed really unique, unlike everyone else.

Then that evening, at the game, it had finally clicked.

When Daulton got a clearer, not-distracted-by-a-bursting-bladder look at Aiden, he had noticed something different about him. Daulton could see his bladder, of course (a fairly large one, he noticed), but he also saw something else. Aiden seemed to be surrounded in a sort of glow, which was odd in itself, but what struck him most was when they locked eyes at one point while standing in line. Aiden's gaze had flicked down to his abdomen, and had stayed there while Daulton was stuttering, trying to figure out how to apologize. Daulton had noticed the slightly impressed look on Aiden's face, then the guilt when they locked eyes. And Daulton just knew. Aiden had seen his bladder. Aiden could see everyone's bladders. He wasn't completely sure how he was so certain, but he was. He just knew.

So when Aiden had gone up to the counter, Daulton had bailed. He'd scribbled a quick note, left it for Aiden, and left the game entirely, practically running home.

They needed to talk. Daulton absolutely had to know for sure that Aiden could see.

*024*2015-12-22 23:08

God, FINALLY. Haha, was a bit uninspired for a while but I've got ideas flowing now. So here's chapter seven. :)

###

CHAPTER SEVEN

Aiden awoke around 9 the next morning, having gotten home rather late from the game and then having been up half the night puzzling over Daulton. He rolled out of bed and made his way to the bathroom sleepily, taking a quick piss before brushing his teeth and showering. A towel wrapped around his waist, he returned to his room. Aiden dressed quickly, putting on a pair of jeans, a tee shirt, sneakers, and a jacket.

He made his way to the kitchen and made himself a bowl of cereal, then sat down to eat it. He dawdled a bit over his breakfast, still having almost fifteen minutes before he needed to leave to meet Daulton. He scrolled through his Facebook absentmindedly, half-wishing he'd wasted a bit more time in the shower. Once he finished his cereal he rinsed his bowl and put it in the dishwasher, then wrote a note on the pad by the phone for his mom that he was hanging out with some friends and would be back later. Since it was the weekend and she didn't have to work, she was probably going to sleep in a while longer before she went to run errands and do her usual Saturday things.

At 9:30 Aiden left his house, walking through his quiet neighborhood. He made it to the park without incident. It was completely empty, except for a dark-haired figure in a green hoodie sitting at a picnic table. Aiden approached the picnic table slowly and sat down across from Daulton. Daulton seemed surprised , like he hadn't heard him coming. He glanced at Aiden briefly, then looked at the table, looking nervous.

“Hi, um...Thanks for showing up...” Daulton mumbled. Aiden nodded curtly, watching Daulton with interest. Why the hell is he so nervous? And why is his bladder so full? Aiden stared at Daulton's abdomen, surprised. He was currently holding a liter and a half, but Daulton wasn't even fidgeting. Other than his general nervous demeanor, he was showing absolutely no signs of having such a full bladder. Then again...his capacity is pretty large...But still... “You can see it...can't you?” Daulton asked, straightening up slightly and looking Aiden in the eye.

“See what?” Aiden asked, looking at Daulton's face. “I'm not blind.”

“Well, I mean...” Daulton shifted his gaze again. “My bladder...you can see it...right?” Aiden stared. He does know... He remained silent, unsure of how to react or what to say. He had never told anyone about his gift...He was afraid of people thinking he was some sort of freak. But Daulton seemed to already know... “I...um...Well, I can see yours...” Daulton looked at Aiden again. “I can see everyone's...” Aiden continued staring.

“You...” Aiden paused. “You can see bladders too?” Aiden blurted out. Daulton nodded. “How long?”

“Since I was little...” Daulton said. Aiden just stared at the boy, processing it all. A huge weight that had always been on his shoulders suddenly lifted. I'm not the only one...there's someone else too... He grinned suddenly, feeling giddy. “Er...what...?” I'm not alone...

“Nothing it's just...” Aiden shook his head. “I thought I was the only one...”

“I did too.” Daulton said.

“Do you know why?” Aiden asked, remembering the note. He said he could answer all my questions.

“Honestly...no...” Daulton admitted. Aiden felt disappointed suddenly. The boys sat there quietly for a while, unsure of what to say. Aiden looked at Daulton's bladder again curiously, watching it fill a bit suddenly.

“Are you gonna go empty that?” Aiden asked, glancing at the outdoor bathrooms nearby. Daulton laughed suddenly.

“I can't. I haven't pissed in...” Daulton leaned back slightly, thinking. “Six years? It's been a while.”

“What? That's not possible...” Aiden said.

“Well, I can technically empty it.” Daulton said. “I just can't pee physically.”

“What do you mean? How do you...?” Aiden trailed off, confused.

“I don't really know how to explain it...but I could show you...” Daulton reached out nervously, looking at Aiden's bladder.

“Show me? What are you talking about?” Aiden asked. Before he had a chance to react, Daulton touched his hand lightly.

“I know you can pee, so...” Daulton sat back.

“Aah!” Aiden doubled over, pain going through his bladder like a knife. He clenched his thighs together tightly, squirming. Holy...fuuuck I need to pee... Aiden glanced at the bathrooms, then back at Daulton. He looked relaxed suddenly, and his bladder was empty. Aiden's breath caught in his throat, and he sat there in shock, squirming. It was him... Daulton watched him, looking nervous again.

“Ah...you should go empty that...” Daulton said, watching his squirming. Aiden bit his lip and struggled to his feet, his bladder so painfully full it was hard to straighten up. He hobbled over to the bathroom, which wasn't very far, and rushed inside, hurrying to a urinal. Aiden got his pants undone in seconds, whipped himself out, and relaxed, groaning in relief. His bladder emptied, urine hissing loudly.

Relieved, Aiden left the bathroom, returning to Daulton.

“What the hell was that?” Aiden asked.

“I can't pee, but my bladder still gets full...” Daulton explained. “I have to transfer my urine to different people, or my bladder will rupture...I wasn't really that full just now, I just wanted to show you.”

“Oh...” Aiden thought back to the incident with Emily. “You can take urine from other people's bladders too, can't you?” Aiden asked, though he was sure he knew the answer.

“Yeah...” Daulton looked down at the table, looking guilty suddenly. “I, uh...About Friday....I'm really, really sorry...It's my fault you wet yourself...” Aiden watched him, feeling slightly angry. It is his fault I wet myself....but... Aiden felt a prick of sympathy. I don't think he meant for it to happen... “Your friend was about to wet herself..” Daulton explained. “I only meant to take some of her urine, so she could make it until lunch, but I accidentally took all the contents of her bladder. I wasn't exactly empty, and it was really hurting so...” Daulton stared at his hands on the table. “I'm really sorry...I only meant to transfer some to you...I really don't know what happened...it's been harder lately to only transfer some...”

“I see...” Aiden said. Questions were buzzing in his head. How the hell does he do it? If every time he needs to pee he has to transfer urine to someone else...How much time does he spend desperate? Especially if he doesn't transfer all at once...

“I'm sorry...I know I caused you so much embarrassment but...” Daulton sighed. Aiden held up his hand.

“Look, it was an accident...” Aiden smirked slightly at the double meaning. “I know you didn't mean for it to happen.

“I really didn't.” Daulton agreed. Aiden nodded.

“Listen...maybe...” Aiden stopped for a moment, thinking. The idea of Daulton being desperate so often was awakening something in him. He felt like a middle schooler again, skulking around the bathrooms trying to see desperate boys a girls... Plus, just the fact that Daulton had a gift like his gave Aiden an odd sense of kinship with him. “We should hang out.” Aiden said.

“Really?” Daulton asked.

“Yeah.” Aiden really wanted to get to know him better. “Plus, you're new in town so...If you're not doing anything I could show you around.” Daulton's face lit up.

“Really? That'd be great.” Daulton smiled. Aiden found himself smiling too. I'm not alone...

