Gleason’s Fascination with Pee

Author: Quackduck

*000*2023-03-18 21:51

Gleason sat up in her bed, her brown lion’s mane bedhead tangled crazily on top of her head. Her eyes opened slowly, her phone blaring an alarm from somewhere in the bedsheets. She found it, groggily squinting at the bright light of the screen. 2:00 AM.

She sat there for a minute and focused on her body. The urge to pee came into focus, sitting uncomfortably inside her. About a 4/10, she figured. She could still feel the cold presence of all the water she’d drank earlier in her belly. She turned the alarm off and went back to sleep.

Later, she was awoken by the same alarm. She turned it off and saw 3:00 AM displayed. She was a little antsy at this point, the desire to urinate readily noticeable this time around. Maybe a 6.5/10. Again, she laid her head back down and was asleep in less than a minute.

The next alarm is what did it. She sat up and felt around for it a bit more urgently than the last two times. She scooted her hips around while she looked, the need to piss having grown in severity to the point of real desperation. Easily a 9/10. She found her phone and turned off the alarm, her hand immediately going to her crotch afterward. She rocked her weight side to side, swiping her future alarms off. Then she dropped her phone in the bed and rapidly bounced her palm off her knee, her other hand squeezing her privates. She hopped off the bed and pulled a wedgie out of her tight pajama shorts as she hustled out of her room and down the hall, holding herself the whole way there. She winced in discomfort as she slipped her flip flops on, her very full bladder signaling ferociously to be emptied. She slipped out the front door and practically jumped out of her skin when she saw her roommate sitting on the porch.

“Holy fuck!” she exclaimed, a spurt of piss saturating the crotch of her underwear.

“I’m sorry!” Carlie laughed. “Where are you going this time of night anyway?”

She was twitching and trembling, struggling not to break out in a desperate pee dance right in front of her. “W-Well, now I’m going to get a change of pants!” she partially joked as she hurried back in the house. She pressed both hands in between her thighs as she ran past the bathroom and back to her room. She slammed the door and hopped madly around, sticking her hands inside her shorts to hold herself.

She sighed as she eyed her large potted plant in the corner. “Sorry, man. It’s gonna have to be you again,” she said breathlessly as she went quickly over to it, dropped her pants, and was already urinating before she was fully in position. “Mmph!” she moaned in relief, biting her lip. Golden liquid spouted out of her and soaked the leaves, dribbling down the plant and filling a puddle that slowly absorbed into the soil. The sound of hissing and pattering filled the room. Her thighs got splattered with the splashback, and a part of the stream trickled down her leg. She put a hand over her deflating bladder and felt it drain. “Ahh~” she moaned, biting her lip. Her pee baby disappeared, and her stream fettered off. She bobbed up and down to drip dry and pulled her shorts back up, giggling as she climbed back into bed. Maybe next time, she’d be able to find somewhere she hadn’t gone before, somewhere weirder, somewhere riskier.

