Black Canary's Desperation

Author: PPP

*000*2015-05-03 01:02

As requested by vexer a long time ago, here is my second fic. Enjoy!

Gotham City, 0300 hours

In her apartment, Dinah Lance moaned and turned over in her bed. She hadn’t gotten to bed until well past midnight and now, just her luck, she was awake again. The superhero known as Black Canary cursed herself. She had downed a few too many beers at Liam’s Pub the night before. She felt a pain in her midsection and knew the drinks had reached her bladder.

Wearily, Dinah got out of bed and turned on the light. She staggered towards the bathroom door when she heard a sharp buzzing noise. Dinah realized it was coming from the communicator she had left on her bedside table. She cursed under her breath when she saw the screen. Gordon, Barbara , it read. If Oracle was contacting her at this hour, it could only mean one thing…

“What is it, O?” Dinah mumbled into the receiver.

“Well, it’s certainly isn’t a pleasure call,” Oracle replied. Formerly Batgirl, Barbara Gordon had been confined to a wheelchair by a bullet from the Joker. Now she acted as mission control for Black Canary’s superhero team, the Birds of Prey.

“We have a situation,” Oracle continued. “Blockbuster is robbing the First Bank of Gotham. I need you there ASAP.”

“Sorry, but I’ve got something I need to do first,” said Black Canary. She hadn’t realized how badly she needed to pee.

“Not an option,” Oracle said sternly.

“Fine,” sighed Black Canary. She pulled on her black leotard and boots. Hopefully she could finish this assignment quickly.

There was nobody on the streets as Black Canary raced through the city on her motorcycle. She was growing increasingly desperate, and considered pulling over for a pee break. Unfortunately, that wasn’t an option. Oracle was monitoring her every move. After what seemed like an eternity to her bladder, Black Canary skidded to a halt in front of the bank. The alarms were blaring. No sooner had she dismounted than the front doors came flying off their hinges. A colossus of a man with wild red hair and a sack over his shoulder stood in the doorway. Blockbuster.

“Surrender now and I’ll make this as painless as possible,” said Black Canary.

Blockbuster laughed. “Try and stop me!” he roared as he charged straight at Black Canary. She felt a few drops of urine escape her and knew she had to end this quickly. She opened her mouth and unleashed her signature Canary Cry. This sonic shockwave would have felled any ordinary man, but Blockbuster kept coming. Black Canary tried to dodge, but she was too slow. Blockbuster grabbed her and threw her to the ground. Black Canary instinctively rolled as she hit and moaned, feeling more pee drip down her legs.

Blockbuster growled and picked up Black Canary’s motorcycle and hoisted it over his head. For Black Canary, time seemed to slow down. She let out another Canary Cry, this one aimed at the motorcycle. It hit the bike’s gas tank, which burst into a fireball. Blockbuster staggered back, stunned, and Black Canary wasted no time. She leapt into the air and kicked Blockbuster straight in the face. She felt his nose shatter under her boot and the giant collapsed, unconscious.

At that moment, Black Canary’s bladder could take no more. She felt it spasm, and a flood gushed from her urethra. She moaned in equal parts relief and embarrassment as pee cascaded down her bare legs. After a full minute, the flow stopped. Black Canary stood still, her crotch soaked, pee pooling up in her boots.

Just then, her communicator buzzed.

“Canary, are you okay?” asked Oracle.

“I just pissed myself like a little girl!” Black Canary screamed. “You call that okay?”

“Well,” said Oracle, “you completed your mission, didn’t you? And you did it under some very difficult circumstances. You should be proud.”

“I guess,” said Black Canary, starting to calm down. “But I still humiliated myself.”

“I… wet myself too,” admitted Oracle. “Sometimes I’m in front of the computer for hours gathering intel, and it’s just too much of a hassle to wheel myself to the toilet.”

“You won’t tell anyone about what happened?”

“Not as long as you don’t.”

Black Canary grinned. “Fine,” she said. “But one thing.”

“What?”

“You owe me a new motorcycle.”

END

