Five Nights of Holding

Author: Captain L

*000*2015-01-30 20:36

Author's Note: Genders of Foxy and Mangle are switched, they are now female and male respectively. While this takes place during the timeframe of the second game, the Toys do not exist. Neither do Balloon Boy or The Puppet/Marionette. Scary parts of the Fazbear lore will not appear.

###

Night 1

Freddy Fazbear's Pizza. A place of joy and mirth to kids across the country, where they could go and play mediocre arcade games to earn tickets that could be cashed in to get cheap yet too expensive prizes, while also getting substandard pizza that's not up to par. A children's restaurant like that wasn't unique, but what made Freddy's special was the characters they had created. The titular bear was the leader of the gang that was also a band, which made him the singer.

His friends were Bonnie the Bunny and Chica the Chicken. Bonnie was the guitarist, and a bit of a strange guy. He was usually pretty aloof and quiet with a little bit of a short attention span, but there were times where he'd get a little too close to others, most commonly Chica. Chica, the keyboard player, was the token girl of the group. She was a fan of eating, though she wasn't fat by any means, she was a bit large. She was the most energetic, fun and perky. Pretty talkative, too.

But while those three were the trio, they weren't the only characters in the show. That's where Foxy came in. Foxy was the other girl, and she was a special exception to the characters. She wasn't a part of the main group, she was a pirate, a maiden of the open seas. The fact that she didn't have as much showtime didn't mean she wasn't popular, Foxy was by far the most famous, even above the bear in the chain's title.

However, not everyone liked Freddy's, and the detractors all had the same complaint: the animatronics. They were unnatural, their movements were uncanny, the coverings were usually ripped and exposing the robotic endoskeletons, and sometimes they smelled weird (though that one could be attributed to the kids that surrounded them).

However, one lone Fazbear's Pizza in the remote reaches of Idaho was different, for their beloved characters weren't represented by robots. Here, they were the real deal. Well, not real real, it's not like the managers were going to just bring in real bears or foxes into the restaurant, that would cause problems involving diseases, hygiene, and possible attacks. No, these guys were unique.

They were animals, but not. They had the characteristics of the animals they were supposed to be, things like fur or feathers, ears, muzzles, teeth, tails, paws and claws. But they were also human in a sense, they stood on two legs and had two arms with fully dexterous hands, understood and spoke English, and had human anatomy that necessitated they wear clothing. Seeing as they were the only anthropomorphized animals in existence, it'd be easy to call them freaks of nature against God's will, but they weren't any worse than the animatronics every other place did. And it was 1987, no one really cared and the kids liked them.

The sun was going down earlier than they were used to this November, and the place was closing for the day. Bonnie was cleaning his guitar, Freddy was sweeping the show stage, and Foxy was leaning against the curtain's of her Pirate's Cove a few rooms away when Chica came to join her. “Pretty busy today, eh, Foxy?”

“Birthday parties always are, lass. But it's all worth it for the smiles and laughs on the kiddos when they get the cake and presents.” Foxy pulled the fake hook off her right hand, hung it on one of the curtain's wear and tear holes, pulled off her eyepatch and placed it on the new hook. “Unless they're the rough types, of course, then it's a little more painful.”

As if on cue (though it honestly could have been), in walked the other fox of the staff, a male fox with a name that no one knew. All they had was the nickname the human staff had given him, “Mangle”, referring to the minor injuries he always had considering his job was looking after and entertaining the very young kids. Today, his white fur did nothing to hide the multiple bruises he was sporting, which Chica took note of. “Some rowdy kids today, Mangle?”

“Please don't call him that, Chica. It's insulting,” Foxy said, offended for her fellow canine.

“Relax, Foxy. I'm cool with it, it really doesn't bother me. Yeah, young kids are really touchy, they'll pull, punch, and bite whatever they feel like. You get used to it after a while.”

“Yo, Mangle! You mind mopping up the showroom,” Bonnie yelled from across the building.

Mangle turned his head to the door the sound came from and replied with a shout of his own. “Yeah, sure, I'm coming over!” He looked back at the girls and gave a quick wave. “Alright, see you girls later.”

Once Mangle was gone, Chica gently punched Foxy's shoulder. “Come on, you can't hide a look like that from me. I know what's on your mind.”

Foxy looked around nervously. “W-what are you talking about, Chica?”

“You really think I can't see that massive blush on your cheeks, the way you can't keep eye contact with him, that attention grabbing outfit, it's pretty obvious that you've got a thing for Mangle.”

Foxy looked down at her usual attire, a pair of thigh-length brown shorts with multiple holes of varying sizes (thankfully, none of them were in inappropriate locations), with her breasts covered by tape wrapped around her chest. It covered everything it needed to, but it wasn't the epitome of modesty. “What are you talking about, this is what I always wear.”

“Yeah, but you take advantage of how much it leaves open whenever he's around. I see it, you stick out your chest a little, pull on your shorts, things to act a little more sexy. You're not the flirty type, you wouldn't do something like that unless you wanted to show a little extra fur off specifically.”

Foxy felt a little insulted, it sounded like her partner was calling her clothes slutty. “Oh, and your uniform is a whole lot better, with those pink shorts that should not be in a children's restaurant.”

She certainly had a point, Chica's shorts barely covered more than underwear, but she didn't want to get upset about Foxy's comment in the middle of a conversation. They were her official uniform anyway, and she secretly liked how incredibly revealing they were. “I'm going to look past that insulting comment because I want to help you. Do you want to ask Mangle out?”

Foxy looked down at the floor and kicked her foot front and back. There was an awkward silence as her paw swung, until she quietly answered, “yes.” She looked back up and Chica, a pleading look in her big golden eyes. “Do you think you could help me?”

Chica smiled and put her arm around Foxy's shoulders. “Sure, I've got your back. I'm a master of romance, me and Bonnie had a good relationship for a while. Just don't bring it up anymore, and I'll teach you everything I can. First tip I have to give you, talk to him a lot more. You barely speak to him, so there's no way to know if you've got chemistry. Start conversation when you've got the time, and subtly let on that you're interested. But don't be too forward, or you might scare him off.”

The door to Pirate's Cove opened, and Bonnie stuck his head through. “Hey, girls! Freddy called a meeting, some important stuff to talk about. Let's go.” He waved his paw, motioning them to follow.

Foxy looked at Chica. “What do you think he wants now?”

“Who knows. Freddy's a control nut, it's probably some inconsequential thing about us messing up something in a show or something.”

Bonnie grumbled. “Yeah, so he's gonna be pissed if you keep him waiting. Let's go already, or am I going to drag both of you?”

The girls stood up and followed Bonnie to the main showroom, where Freddy and Mangle were at one of the kids' tables, Mangle in a chair that was clearly too small for a adult animal. They took their seats, Foxy making a point to sit next to her crush and to not sit on her big bushy tail, and Freddy started the meeting. “So, I've called all of you here for this meeting because one of us has made a big discovery. Mangle, would you care to elaborate?”

Mangle quickly put his hand up. “Yeah, so when I was getting the mop and bucket out of the employee room, I caught a glimpse of the night guard schedule. Looks like we got a new face starting tonight, a Jeremy Fitzgerald.”

Everyone began murmuring between themselves at the exciting news. A new night guard meant one thing. Freddy straightened his black bow tie, and tipped his top hat. “And that means that it's time to break out the old Fazbear Frights once again.”

“So, do you have a plan on how to deal with this Jeremy,” Chica asked. “Do we wear masks, go through the vents, flash the lights, oh I'm excited!”

That was the other thing all of them liked: scaring the new night guards. Of course, they were good sports, they wouldn't do anything worse than scaring the guy, but they put their hearts into it. The first week, the guard would have to keep his eyes on the security cameras, the main hallway to the office, every nook and cranny of the pizzeria because they could be anywhere, waiting to strike.

“It's not final yet, but I've got a tentative plan on my mind already. Let's start the kid off easy, just Bonnie and Chica on the first night. I'll leave the details of tonight on you guys.”

“Aww...I wanted to get in on the fun with the new guy,” Foxy lamented.

“You'll get your chance later, Foxy. Soften him up tonight, and the rest of us come in later. I'm thinking you and Mangle will shine starting tomorrow,” Freddy explained. “For now, you've got the night to yourself.”

Disappointed that tonight was going to be a boring night when her friends were going to be having fun, Foxy stood up slowly. “Alright, then I'm going to my room for the night. Hope you guys enjoy yourself.” She walked out the room towards the stairs in the corner of the building, a skulk in her step.

The attic floor of this specific Fazbear's Pizza was converted to living quarters for the animals. Pretty poorly furnished, the apartment was nothing more than 2 bedrooms and a small bathroom. Not much for insulation, so it could get cold this time of year, but that's what fur and feathers were for. The walls, floors, and ceiling were nothing more than bare wood planks, and the only sources of light were lightbulbs precariously hanging from the ceiling beams.

Foxy opened the door to the bedroom she shared with Chica and pulled the thin metal chain to brighten the room, shut the thin, light door to the room, and flopped onto her messy bed. It was too early to go to bed, but she didn't have any form of entertainment. She looked at the ceiling and let her mind wander, until her sensitive nose picked something up; her job required running, and that meant sweat. Everyone else was busy with something else, now would be the best time to get in the shower.

Getting back up, she shut the bedroom light off again and walked back into the hallway, where she noticed there was a little light leaking out from the sides of the male bedroom door. Being considerate, she knocked on the door. “I'm gonna take a shower, you need to get in?”

“Ack,” Mangle's voice ejaculated. “Y-yeah, you're good, go right ahead!”

Foxy questioned why he responded so violently in shock, but thought better of asking. She instead went into the bathroom and turned on those lights, made sure the door was shut, and pulled the shower curtain open. She turned the knobs to get the running water to a temperature that would wash her coat well and relax her body. Untying her top and pulling her shorts off, she stripped down and stepped into the stream, letting it run over her body, enjoying the feeling of hot water running through her fur and down her legs.

The sound of running water was relaxing, letting her think. Eyes would be on her tomorrow, she needed a plan to impress everyone, make that guard remember her well. And the idea was coming to her. “That's it! Oh, that Jeremy is going to be surprised when I show up!”

*003*2015-01-31 16:12

{{: 

Well, that was very interesting to read. It was good, but my main problem is envisioning foxy as a lass.

That might just be a problem of mine, but it kind've throws me off having to remind myself constantly that foxy is a girl in this literature. Either way I hope to read more from you.

}}

I can see that, I did change Foxy's gender pretty arbitrarily. Honestly, it was just because Foxy's hotter as a girl, and it isn't unheard of to make him female, especially when the first game was new. Which meant Mangle had to be switched too because I felt like adding romance and it's heresy to pair Foxy with anyone else.

{{: 

I like it! And if this is going where I think it is, making the guard, or other animatronics, desperate, it should be interesting!

}}

Er, sorry to disappoint, but it's gonna be Foxy in the focus. Foxy's my favorite one, and the only one I'm attracted to. However, I am planning to follow Five Nights tradition when it comes to nights. You'll get the five nights that tell the story, but any fan of the games know that isn't all. I'm also thinking about the special 6th Night, and the Custom Night, where I'll let you guys decide who's in the focus.

*005*2015-02-17 21:28

Author's Note: The desperation was supposed to start in this chapter, but I like to keep chapters around 2000 words, and I was reaching that word count without anything happening. I was also unsure how I could prolong the omorashi part for 4 chapters, so...next chapter. I swear.

###

Night 2

“And then I pressed my face up against the right window, and he was so shocked that he fell backwards out of his chair!” Chica was relating last night's events to Foxy and Mangle over dinner. While they usually ate normal food that the managers would buy for them from the grocery store, Chica had a soft spot for the place's pizza. It certainly wasn't good, but it was always accessible, and she had grown the taste for it.

Foxy, eating a meal that wouldn't give her a stomach virus, was listening intently to the story in order to learn Jeremy's patterns. “Are you sure he was okay after that, he wasn't hurt?”

“Nah, he was already back up by the time I was recovering from the laughter. He didn't see it coming, that’s for sure!” She ate the crust of the slice she was working on, leaving only a little of a full pizza remaining, having eaten it all in 10 minutes.

Freddy sat at the table with them. “Hey Chica, I was looking over the footage from last night, you did a good job. Do you two think you can match that?”

Mangle put down the cheap soft drink he was sipping on. “Gonna be honest, I got no plan. Foxy's been bragging all day that she had a master plan, I was just planning on following her lead.”

“Well then, I hope that your strategy is something worth being proud of, Foxy. I've got work to do, so I'll be seeing you in the morning,” Freddy remarked before heading off to the living quarters.

Foxy glared at Mangle, who was back to sipping on his straw. “Good job putting me on the spot there, Mangle. Now I'm responsible for your success too.”

He shrugged. “You're a smart girl, Foxy. I'm sure that you can come up with an extra attack that I could use.” The last of his drink had been sucked up, leaving him with a few seconds of air before giving up completely. “Alright, I'm gonna go relax, I'll come back around 11, and you can fill me in on the details then.” He waved, and walked off.

Once he was out, Foxy collapsed in her chair in excitement. “He said I'm smart! And he trusts me to come up with his plan of attack!”

“I can't say I'm too impressed by him dumping the responsibility on you, but if you're cool with it, go for it. If what you come up with works, you could convince him that he owes you, and that's the first date.” Chica bit into the crust of the last slice. “You ever just get sick of the crust of the pizza after eating so much of it over a pizza?”

“No, because I've never eaten an entire pizza by myself. A few slices isn't enough to turn me off the taste.” With that, Foxy also walked out, leaving Chica confused to whether that was a stealth insult or not.

###

It was 11:30 PM, half an hour before Jeremy was set to clock in for the night. Foxy and Mangle were at the curtains of Pirate's Cove, each holding a styrofoam cup of coffee, they'd need the help of caffeine to make it through a full night on high alert. Foxy was in the middle of detailing what Mangle needed to do, as they both took frequent sips of the hot beverage. “Do you think you can avoid the cameras like a pro,” Foxy asked.

Mangle smirked. “You question my skills at tactical espionage action? I'm a pro, I know the camera's blind spots, and how to blend into the shadows. In fact, don't call me Mangle on a mission, I'm going by my codename: Foxhound.”

Foxy looked his body over up and down, only stopping for a few seconds to admire his physique. “You've got a white coat. I hope you're taking that into account when you say that you can remain unseen in the dark.”

“I'm aware of my shortcomings, Foxy. I'll borrow some dark clothes from Bonnie or Freddy. Which means I should probably run up to our room and grab something real quick, so I should do that now. I got the plan down, Foxy.”

Mangle was just about to leave, until Bonnie came running into the room, panting from the effort. “H-hey, Freddy got something for us to use from now on.” He reached into the large pockets of his black jacket and pulled out two devices. “Some radios, we can talk to each other at any time. I think the intention was to use them during work, but I trust you two can come up with a good use for them tonight.”

Foxy grabbed it with her free hand, and considered how this was going to work. “I’m going to put my hook on, so I’ll only have one free hand, and these pants don’t have pockets.”

“You’re going to be hiding behind the curtain the whole night anyway, you can leave it lying around. By the way Bonnie, I need to borrow your other coat so I have a chance of not being seen.”

“Fine, but try to keep it clean this time. You got I don’t even know what on it last time I lent it to you, and it took me a long time to get those stains out. Better yet, go buy your own damn coat and mess it up whenever you want.”

“Okay, thanks, man. Be right back!” Mangle ran off, leaving Bonnie with Foxy for a few seconds before Bonnie broke the silence by leaving himself. Foxy put her eyepatch and hook hand back on and hid in the Pirate's Cove. Now she just had to wait, Jeremy wouldn't know what was coming.

###

Foxy was bored. Really bored. She had done these all-nighters before, but it didn't matter; sitting around waiting for something to do was unbearable, especially for an energetic fox like her. And because she needed to hide behind the curtains for the plan to work, she couldn't use lights to read or anything, or else she could be caught. She had to just bear it out until it was time for her to play her part.

But even the thought of something good coming later did nothing to ease the pain of patience. She kept picking up the radio, hoping that it was about to go off. Nothing but silence, of course. She tried to pass the time by whistling a sea shanty, but any louder and it'd echo through the halls and give away her position.

Finally, around 2 am, Bonnie's voice came through the radio, whispering, crackly and low quality. “Okay, I'm hanging out in Jeremy's right vent, I can just see him, he doesn't know I'm here.”

After a few seconds of silence, another voice came through, this time Mangle's. “Bonnie, you're supposed to say 'over' when you're done talking. It's only one-way, we need to know when you're finished so we can talk and be heard. Over.”

Now Chica came through the receiver. “Mangle, I think we can tell when we're done, we're not stupid. What's Jeremy up to now?”

“He's looking at the cameras, but it doesn't look like he learned anything from last night, because he doesn't seem to be paying much attention. I think he assumed he was only getting one night of initiation.”

Foxy jumped up from the floor and grabbed the curtain. “Alright then, I'm doing my thing now, when he isn't prepared. Taking my run, keep me alerted, over.”

“See, Foxy's willing to humor me.”

With the radio gripped tightly in her free paw, Foxy burst through the curtains of Pirate's Cove, running through the building to get to the security room in seconds flat. Before anyone would have suspected or have been able to react, she was already right next to the left door, wide open for the taking. But she wasn't going to just lean in and end it there, she needed to wait until the perfect moment.

So close to the door, but just out of sight, she could hear everything happening in the security office, and right now, the only sound was the phone's recording in the middle of a message. “Did...uh... Did Foxy ever appear in the hallway? Probably not. I was just curious. Like I said, she was always my favorite. Always a bit twitchy, though.”

Foxy smiled at the voice she was hearing. It was the last guard, the one she affectionately nicknamed “Phone Guy”. They were very friendly with each other, she would stay up with him sometimes if she had nothing to do the next day, and they'd talk about themselves, their days, and their hobbies. She was sad to see him go, but it was at least nice to hear that he was personally instructing the new guy. Though she was a little offended by his choice of words, what did he mean by “twitchy”?

While she was contemplating what she had done to earn that description, she was suddenly blinded by a bright light. Not that it was difficult to do so, wearing an eyepatch meant she was more adjusted to the darkness at any given moment, and that only made it more painful. Unable to see, she stumbled from her hiding spot, and fell on her ass right in the doorway just as the whiteness began to fade.

Once she could see again, standing above her was a human, his hand reaching out of sight to the side of the door, and he was smiling connivingly. “Just so you know, I was already told that you don't like flashing lights.” His hidden hand moved, and the hallway lights flashed again. Blinded again, she screeched and fell over fully onto the floor, her non-hook hand covering her free eye to hide from the agony.

It faded again, and she reluctantly looked out again...only for Jeremy to flip the lights five times in a row, sending Foxy straight back to the floor. “Oh come on! That's just being a dick, Jeremy!”

*007*2015-02-20 21:54

Moving further updates to this story into the fiction area of the site, because that's what it's for. You can find it here

, comment on the story here and follow it there if you want the rest of the chapters.

*008*2015-03-05 15:51

Okay, I seriously have to ask what is up with the timing I'm writing this in. I had the idea for a little bit before I started writing, and one day, I made the decision that I would start tomorrow. The day I made the decision just happened to be the day the trailer for Five Nights at Freddy's 3 was released. Now, as I'm working on Night 3, Five Nights at Freddy's 3 actually gets released (make a Valve joke here if you want). I think, at the rate I'm going now, I'll be completely done with the story around the time the first teaser image for Five Nights at Freddy's 5 (5 Nights at Freddy's?) is posted.

Also, in case anyone is wondering if FNAF3 and all its relevant details will affect this story, it doesn't look like it. I haven't finished Markiplier's series yet, but so far, it looks like there's absolutely nothing sexy I can draw from this.

Edited March 5, 2015 by Captain L (see edit history)

*010*2015-03-05 18:16

Okay, I just finished catching up on all of 3's story. And with that, I think I need to say something here.

{{: 

Foxy has moved on. His spirit is at peace, he can finally leave this realm and all his sorrows behind. His ship has set sail one last time, and that beautiful knot that caused so many to fall in love has gone to Heaven, where it belongs. We'll all miss you, you magnificent robot pirate fox.

$iframe width="480" height="270" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/oA5my9JIoVY?feature=oembed" }}

*011*2015-03-12 23:07

Yeah, I know I said I'd be posting things in the fiction section from now on, and I am, but I felt it was worth also announcing the new chapter here, because this is where it gets to the part you care about. Night 3 can be found here, where Foxy has her first run-in with desperation

. And you can be sure, it won't be the last. She might not be so lucky next time.

*013*2015-08-13 22:11

The main story is done now, Night 5 can be found here

. But I'm not just posting (and bringing this thread back after a long time) just to say that, because I wanted to ask a question to anyone who's been reading the story. In keeping with FNAF tradition, there's going to be a Night 6 and Custom Night now that the plot is finished. And because it's a custom night, it needs to have input on how it should play out. That's where all you come in, what do you want to see happen on the Custom Night, my 4/20 mode? Do you want the story to keep following Foxy, do you want omo to happen to a different character, maybe you'd rather have something not fetishy? Your choices, and I'll take the best or most popular idea presented?

*017*2015-10-09 14:05

{{: 

I really liked this story! ^3^ it really didn't bothered me that in the end it went a bit out of context, i actually really liked it!

I dont usually do stuff like this, but here " http://www.furaffinity.net/view/17886002/

" , i made a little something based on this story, i hope you like it :D

(for some reason this site wont let me put images on my posts so sorry if that is an inconvenience >>)

}}

Wow, that's nice. My first fanart. I've finally gone up as a writer. It looks really good and cute.
