Parent's Trap

Author: murphdog

*000*2013-11-13 01:47

Parent’s Trap

“Daddy, Katelyn and I are going to the movie in town and it is ah …the late one, can we stay um out to 11:30 tonight” my daughter Lynn asked. “Oh which movie are you going to see” I asked nonchalantly. “Not sure but it is the late one whatever that is, Amber said it was good and we had to see it” Lynn replied not very confident of her answer. “Oh what is it about”, I asked knowing full well that she was pulling a con job and not doing a good job of pulling it off. I thought that any moment she would break but she managed to hang on enough to at least shrug her shoulders and babble something about a love story and funny. Lynn is so bad at lying but her friend Katelyn our acquired daughter was worse. Note Katelyn who is normally joined at the hip with Lynn was hiding just outside my office door. Of course they were up to something and I already had the Intel and had a pretty good idea of where they really wanted to go.

“Where is your coconspirator”, I asked not even looking up from my computer screen. Lynn glanced at Katelyn and mouthed something about coming in so it did not look so bad. “I will let you two go but first we are going to have a daddy daughter talk” I said looking up. Katelyn came into my office very sheepish looking. I could have just said no, but there was a big lesson about to be learned regarding deception by these two girls and who was I to get in the way of their education.

A daddy daughter talk is a serious discussion about expectations and designed so that there is absolutely no confusion on what those expectations are. It can also include the discussion that takes place when those expectations are not met. On those occasions The Paddle can be involved to make my point. Generally just the taking it out of the closet is enough to get the point made, but from time to time deployment of The Paddle is necessary. As I have said before it hurt like hell and that was just seeing it in the closet.

Which was the intent, it hurts me to give the girls lite swats I don’t have it in me to really sizzle their little butts, the intimidation of the paddle make it that: a) I rarely have to actually apply it to their bottoms, and b) even a lite swat that might sting for a minute or two is all that is necessary to bring about a real and long term change in behavior. The final point is the girls know that the swats they get are lite compared to what they could get and that is a good motivator to not repeat unacceptable behavior.

Ann my wife now three months pregnant has turned dealing with the teenagers over to me. She has her hands full with the two five going on 25 year old twin girls Megan and Melisa. Lynn and Katelyn are incredibly helpful when it comes to the twins. They might have been too helpful which is might explain why Ann started to become complacent in taking her birth control pills. Like forgot to refill the prescription and just happened to get extremely amorous over a couple of days that just happened to correspond with… you get the point. Jake is now 15 years old and is very even keel and so involved in sports, and the outdoors that he doesn’t have time to get into trouble even if he wanted to. He is my helping hand and with all the estrogen in my house we really need each other.

The girls had just finished up volley ball and basketball was a couple of weeks away. In my day it meant party time between fall and winter sports. There was no such thing as a citation for minors in possession and as long as we were not training (actively participating in school sports) or doing something stupid, no one really cared but you were held responsible for your actions regardless of how much you had to drink. Now I understand a teenager wanting to return to the way it was in yesteryear but society has no intension of it. Bottomline the rules have changed suck it up and deal with it. The other giant gorilla wearing a pink bikini in the room is the proliferation of drugs. As any teen will tell you weed, prescription drugs, and meth are much easier to obtain than alcohol. Not only have the rules changed but the game has changed and certainly not for the better.

“Ladies I expect that you will be at the movie and return home when it is done, that any liquid that you ingest will not have alcohol, no smoking, and if you so much as smell pot and I find out I will blister your little asses” all the time doing my best to look them in the eyes but since they were looking at the floor it was difficult. I got a very weak “yes daddy” response from one of them not sure which. “All right go have fun and be home no later than 11:30 understand” the Daddy Daughter talk thus concluded. I got quick hugs and the two of them rushed for the door.

Ann waited until they were out the door than stuck her head into my office. “You know that they are not going to the movies and you let them go anyway” she asked quite sarcastically. “Ya they are going to have to learn the hard way” I said shrugging my shoulders. “Do you know what they are up to” because I do” doing her I know and you don’t look. “Johnsons Reservoir” I said smugly. “Who told you” Ann asked obviously having had some of her thunder stolen. “Talked to Brad on the way home from the upper place”.

“Between the two of us we figured it out” I replied rather cocky that I for one of the few times knew more than she did. “You called the Sheriff’s office on them” Ann’s eyes had grown quite large. “No he called me looking for information” I said. “Oh if he was calling you he had to be desperate” giggled Ann. “As a matter of fact I did have a bunch of pieces of the puzzle” I said recovering from Ann’s smack down. “How did you get information” Ann inquired on her never ending quest to keep me in my place. “Took Jake with me to the upper place and just listened to what was being said” I replied doing my best to get back into control of our little bicker match. “The girls are smart enough to text when they are with us” Ann said shaking her head.

“So does Jake but you can’t text and look…” I had just divulged too much information and would have some explaining to do. Ann’s eyes were dancing and she had that I got you look whenever she, well had you. “So that is why you pulled Jake out of school at lunch” Ann hissed. “God that lady is a bucket mouth” I protested. “Connie is a dear friend and don’t you forget it” Ann announced triumphantly knowing she had won the bicker match. “So since I don’t have to scrape either you or Jake off of the ceiling I take it you two delinquents failed to get us an elk” she probed, her eyes narrowing so as the focus could burn a hole right through you.

“We had to check on some fence why would you think that we were elk hunting” I questioned, not sure why I bothered but I wanted to go down making an effort. “Because Connie said Jake had turned in makeup work for his missed classes and there is no way in hell he would do that to go fencing” she retorted. “Oh by the way I have lunches packed for the two of you for tomorrow afternoon” Ann added. “You better start being productive in your hunting adventures have you seen how much these kids are eating” Ann replied. Yes I do love my wife even though she has me on a very short leash.

Ann was obviously tired and at that moment a ruckus was happening in the bathroom. Since the mirror image demo team was in the bath tub Ann headed that direction post haste. Afterward we compared notes. Bottomline there was a big get together (insert party here) at Johnson’s Reservoir and our daughters along with a couple of their friends had succumbed to peer pressure and/or hormones in the case of Lynn it was a guy that she did not really liked but the guy who she really liked hated this guy and if Lynn was with the…. Ann tried to explain it six different ways but I never quite got it. The big issue was that there was a group of misfits, heavy into drugs were going to be there and obviously partaking in some extra circular pharmaceutical sales.

The guy who Lynn was going to this little function to see was not part of the misfits but had ties to them, into drugs, a high school dropout and terminally stupid. I personally had threated to neuter little cock roach (that is what he calls himself)about a week before. I had chastised him for the snipe bite (hickey) on Lynn’s neck by giving him a lollypop and telling him to suck on that instead of my daughter, he told me “hey dude chill out”. Ann saved him but explained in doing so that she was not doing it for him but to keep me from getting in trouble for ringing his little neck. We never told Lynn she had to break up with the guy but she was smart enough to know that if Cock Roach showed up at our house it would most likely be problem solved.

In terms of the guy that Lynn really likes, his name is Trevor but Lynn is just cruel as hell too also happens to be Deputy Brad’s nephew. I really like this kid, which Ann explained was part of the problem because it was uncool for a dad to like his daughter’s boyfriend. Go figure.

If you are keeping a score card here is the break down, good girls going to party with bad boys so the good girls will make the good boys jealous, real bad boys coming to sell recreational pharmaceuticals. The good boys were planning on crashing said party which would end in conflict. Sizing up the conflict it was certainly appeared that the good boys in this case would be the odds on favorite to prevail. Trevor just happens to be an All State Middle Linebacker and a three time state placer and last year’s state wrestling champion at 185 pounds. In my way of thinking problem solved. While Deputy Brad agrees in my reasoning he had to pass on allowing Darwinism in action.

Word had leaked out in bits and pieces, and the parents in no small part due to information technology had pooled their notes and working with Deputy Brad the school resource officer and the drug task force we had a plan to keep our kids safe and out of legal trouble and take some drug suppliers off the street. In terms of their backside especially for the good girls they were all toast but they would be alive and wiser for the experience.

The plan was quite clever, good boys were not even going to be let out of their prospective houses, real bad boys were going to be ambushed by the drug taskforce once they were at the party using a simulated car accident where the road to the reservoir left the pavement, the good girls were going to be sitting around looking at each other wondering where all the boys good and/or bad were. Oh ya there is no cell coverage right at the reservoir. Since none of the good girls were where they were supposed to be the flashing lights and the fact that a couple of them had parents on the ambulance crew, they would stay put until things cleared out.

The accident was going to be cleared out just before 11:00 allowing all the girls who were not supposed to be at the reservoir to be home on time. The idea was to not let the teenagers know that they had been had so the whole operation could be repeated in the future. Ok so I left out the bad girls and the all the neither good nor bad kids but this is a short story and a work of fiction so too bad.

Just to make sure nothing was going to go wrong GPS tracking devious had been placed on all of the girl’s vehicles and there were two undercover cops disguised as teenagers from out of town at the party. Deputy Brad and partner were also going to show up at the party under the premises that there was a person missing in the accident and asking if anyone had seen them. Of course they had Butch the police dog helping them look and Butch just happened to be excellent at detecting drugs. Pretty good considering most of us parents need to have our kids program the TV remote.

Ann returned about twenty minutes later with the now too damn cute little princesses in tow. She was up to something but what I did not know. Identical twins are always cute but these two are over the top. Little blonde bomb shells, which came out of mom speaking in complete sentences. Often times one would start the sentence and the other would finish it. Hair combed and in pigtails, with matching PJs they both bounded up onto my knee for their bedtime stories. I am not ashamed to admit it that I am completely wrapped around their cute little fingers.

“So how are we going to bust the girls without giving everything away” I asked Ann in between Winnie the Pooh and a Little Critter Book. Ann looked up at me, almost giggling “the same way mom always caught me”.

“Oh ya” I replied “god it took us a long time to figure that out”.

“Yes and it was my butt that paid for it” Ann was doing her best to growl but I was not buying. “Your mom paddled my butt as much as she paddled yours” I retorted. “That was because you were a rowdy little monster in the third grade" Ann responded “and I think you got it by my mom way more than I got it”. Ann’s mom was my third grade teacher and I love her dearly but unacceptable behavior was not and is still not tolerated ok maybe the twins get away with some. I took a moment and allowed my minded to take a little trip down memory lane.

Ann’s mom Mary is one smart lady, she taught school for 42 years before retiring two years ago. She knew what a kid was up to before they did. Never ever did she raise her voice in anger to any of her students or to her own kids. She did however have no problem raising her paddle labeled Heat for the Seat. She must have bought paddles by the case because even if one broke there was always another. They were so light and flimsy that while they stung a little the big deterrent was the embarrassment of having to be led by the hand back behind the piano were you were instructed to bend over and grab your ankles. The pop, pop, pop of the paddle contacting your little backside echoed throughout the classroom. She was always just so damn nice about it, and she would go so far as to call home and tell your parents to please not inflict further punishment because she had it handled. Which was a thank god because generally if you got in trouble at school you were dead meat at home.

However, once we became teenagers and I started dating Ann seriously, things changed but then again so did the ramifications of bad behavior. Talking out of turn in class just does not have the same risks factor as driving drunk and raising hell. The teenager paddle at home was not flimsy and hurt like hell. Oh did I mention that Mary and my mom Bobbie are best friends. My mom’s implement of choice was a razor strap and on one occasion my mom applied to both our butts for being out way past curfew we were 15 at the time. The ultimate deep trouble was when our dads got involved and that was seen as something worse than death. Funny thing none of us ever managed to push it that far.

Mary’s secret to knowing when Ann was not where she was supposed to be was quite simple. She checked Ann’s panties to see how wet they had been. It was quite simple, we live in a very rural area if we were partaking in the consumption of alcoholic beverages or fooling around we would go to Johnson’s Reservoir. With no restroom facilities the girls would relief themselves in the bushes and drip dry. If alcohol was added the number times that they need to go to the bushes would increase exponentially and there became a laugh factor, and a lack of inhibition.

For the record our class was very big on taking care of each other and we always had designated drivers and that was before there was a name for having the sober folks drive. Pretty simple if you were at the movies or bowling there would be bathrooms if you were at Johnson Reservoir it was the bushes and the girls would have wet panties. Ann’s mom let it slip when she confront Ann with wet panties in hand and asked if the bathrooms were out of order and the theater again. From that point on Ann always had toilet paper, and a spare set of panties and those female product things that still make me cringe, behind the seat in my truck.

Although by that time we started figuring out that if you told the truth about where you were going to be and that arrangement were made to get everyone home safe it had become a non-issue. During the summer between our Junior and Senior year on a couple of occasions our parents told us that if we were going to be doing any drinking to take sleeping bags and spend the night. We could have saved ourselves a whole lot of embracement and sore backsides had we figured that out sooner rather than later.

The first time I ever saw Ann’s bare bottom was when it was bent over the back of her mom’s couch getting the paddled. On the third swat Ann lost control and peed all over the floor and her pants and panties that were around her ankles. Her mom never even hesitated and delivered the prescribed ten swats without so much a mention about Ann’s little accident. While I felt very sorry for Ann it was a fantastic experience right up to the point when I had to pull my pants down and I got my butt blistered. My mom was there and the next morning we got it again from her while Ann’s mom watched.

Oh don’t feel too sorry for us we were supposed to be home at 11:00 and our moms found us parked out at the reservoir at around 1:30 am. While we never got past 2nd base it mattered not to our mothers. Mom simple said “you two are going to get it” as she crawled into the driver’s seat of my old truck. She drove us to Ann’s house which was about a mile from the reservoir. We were marched into Ann’s living room, the only thing said was “do you two see the clock”? Mary came into the room holding the paddle looked at Ann and said honey pull your pants and panties down and bend over the back of the couch. When it was my turn she just looked at me and said “honey you know what I need”. While I never peed I was crying like a baby by the 4th swat. Yes the swats hurt but the guilt was the real killer.

It was the summer between our freshman and sophomore years so we absolutely had that one coming. Rests assure we never pulled that stunt again.

Ann’s giggle brought me back to the current situation. “I will bet you are visiting the same place in your memory as I am”. I just smiled and nodded. “You know that is why I always make the girls go to the bathroom before I paddle them” Ann added very thoughtfully. “Ok so what is the plan” I asked. “I have a load of laundry ready that has underwear and PJs, when they come home I will just have them take a quick shower and give me their bras and panties so I can wash them in this load of laundry” Ann replied. “I am pretty sure that they have not figured out to take extras or for that matter toilet paper” she added as an afterthought.

Ann was looking very tired “honey can I trust you to put the princess to bed” she asked. “Of course I will” I replied. “Are you going to do it my way” Ann asked with just a hint of sarcasms. I just scowled. Ann’s way was rather specific, one tiny little glass of juice, a couple of cookies, a productive trip to the potty and to bed no later than 9:00 on the weekend. Ha with mom in bed we could relax the rules just a tiny bit besides who else would know.

Of course the twins ran right over the top of me and left virtual tire tracks. So by 9:30, a couple of glasses of 7up, ok four glasses but they were small(I did not even know we had 7up), half a dozen cookies, and well since they fell asleep what would it hurt if we skipped the potty stop. Oh and just as I was packing them to their room Megan opened a sleepy little eye and asked “Daddy can we sleep with you and mommy just this once”. Never minded it would be the second time this week; the rest of the nights were spent with either Lynn or Katelyn but who was counting. I tucked them quietly into our bed, Ann just chuckled “put them on your side please”.

I went to the living room to watch some TV and make sure the big girls got home alright. Right at 11:30 I heard the girl’s jeep come into the driveway. They were franticly trying to shut the dogs up when I popped my head into the garage. “Hi ladies how was the movie” I just could not help myself. Lynn and Katelyn were definitely doing the deer in the headlights imitation. “Oh good, it was real good” Lynn stammered, obviously not wanting to engage in conversation. “So tell me about it” I asked. It was taking everything I could muster not to have too much fun at the girl’s expense, although they did have it coming. The girls looked at each other “dad it was a love story trust us you would not have liked it” Katelyn managed get out. “Well you know I am trying to work on being more enlightened” I popped back.

Ann walked in the room, the girls looked so relieved. Ann put her hand on her hips, “so how much did you let the little princesses drink”? “Why would you ask that” I was a bit concerned. “Well it is a good thing that it is your side of the bed that they are sleeping on” she replied very smugly. “Oh daddy you did take them potty didn’t you” Lynn asked. She was obviously enjoying the change in focus. “Well um they were uh” I stammered. “Obviously not” Ann snapped, “Your father and I now have a waterbed”

Ann turned to the girls, “ladies I now have laundry that needs to be done and it might as well be a full load”. Please go take a shower and I will wash your bras and panties with the twin’s pajamas” Ann continued. The girls looked at each other, their heads went down and tears started to appear running down the sides of their faces. “We have a confession to make” Lynn quietly spoke. “Besides mom, grandma already told us how she use to catch you”. Katelyn added. “Hum did she tell you what happened to me when I got caught deceiving grandma regarding my where a bouts” Ann asked with more than a little touch of sharpness in her tone.

Lynn looked up at use with those big brown eyes filled with tears, Katelyn started to sob quietly. In almost unison they both responded “we are so sorry” then both of them broke into genuine tears. Ann shook her head for a moment then set down on the couch, “oh babies come to momma”. Like big versions of the twins they somehow squeezed on Ann’s lap for some of moms magical cuddling. Ann softly coxed the two teens to stop their crying so we could talk. At that moment my phone rang, it was Deputy Brad.

“Did the girls get home alright” asked Brad. “Just now” I replied “How did it go out there tonight”.

“Better than I could have ever expected and that is what I want to talk to you about” said Brad. “Have you taken the girls to the wood shed yet” asked Brad in a hopeful voice. “Nooo have not got that far but they did confess to being at the reservoir” I responded at bit concerned as to what the girls had been doing. “Well first I wanted to make sure that they made it home alright, but the other thing I called about was to ask uh well could you to go easy on them” Brad said in an all but apologetic voice.

“You my friend have raised one hell of a good kid and how you and Ann have changed Katelyn is nothing short of a miracle and I sure as hell am not telling you how to raise your kids but your daughter went above and beyond for me tonight” Brad continued. “Whew, I was afraid that you were going to tell me that the girls were in a whole lot of trouble” I replied obviously relieved. “Hardly, but she did scare the hell out of me” Brad responded. “I was sitting up in those bluffs above the reservoir trying to get that damn night vision scope to work when the next thing I know Lynn sits down beside me and says hey Brad what are you doing”.

“I like to have jumped out of my skin” Brad was now starting to laugh. “Then she tells me look if you want to spy on the party you should use Jakes duck blind, hell she even takes me there and not only was it a better view but much more comfortable” Brad was now laughing out loud. “But here is the best part, first she tells me how sorry she was for letting the party get crazy and it was only supposed to be a campfire for the volley ball and football team and how it got hijacked and turned in to a drug fest by a bunch of punks that were not even from here” Brads voice was now getting emotional.

“You know what she did then” asked Brad but never really giving be time to respond. “She starts crying and asking me to forgive her and is all worried that I will not trust her any more, hell man she made me cry”. How in the hell do you ever come down on a kid like that cause I know you have to but got to break your heart” Brad asked obviously emotional. For the record Brad and his wife just had their first child about a year ago and he still a bit twitchy as a parent. “Well my friend you better get used to the tear thing cause that is a little girls number one tactic when she wants to wrap you around her little finger” I responded knowing exactly how Brad felt.

As it turned out by the time that the girls had made it to said party it was already out of control. When none of the football team and the volley ball players who would have been with football players never showed Lynn, Katelyn and three of their fellow teammates knew something was up. Lynn and Katelyn had walked up to the top of the bluffs overlooking the reservoir so as to get cell service and to find a suitable bush to relieve themselves. Once they got cell service they were a million text messages from all those who had been ambushed before the party letting the girls know that it was a trap and to get the hell out of there.

The girls spotted Brad and the night vision scope engaged in a rather one sided conversation about how much he (Brad) would like to toss said instrument into the reservoir. Rather than make a run for it the girls decided that it would be best to just come clean and take their chances. The girls were also very disgusted about all the low life creeps had shanghaied their bonfire. As for Cock Roach Lynn had dumped him a couple of days before (dads are always last to know) and had planned to use the event to start up a romance with Trevor.

There had been another complication that had arisen and that was the underage drinking task force, better known as the Beer Nazis were now involved. Any kid that went out the front gate was going to be ticketed for a minor in possession regardless if they had been drinking or not. The sheriff’s office and the Beer Nazis did not play well together. The school resource officers flat hated them because the Nazis specifically had went after some very good kids whose only crimes was showing up at Bachelorette parties to pick up a big sister who had drank too much and needed a ride home. Or the kid that was ticketed because he happened to be fishing at a fishing access sight that had some other teenagers drinking at.

All of this was happening outside of the sheriff’s office control but the sheriff’s office had to deal with a whole lot of real pissed off parents. Had the girls been drinking Brad would have said too bad ladies, but they had not been drinking and/or drugging and therefore he did not think that they deserve to be shoved into the juvenile justice system and have their parents pay hundreds of dollars in fees for classes that only really benefited the instructor by giving the dweeb a job.

So in the comfort of the duck blind the girls and Brad hatched a plan. Of particular concern was that the real bad boys were flashing armament and were higher than hell the situation was getting very volatile. The drug task force would show up at the reservoir with lights flashing. The girls would exit the reservoir via the back way which was a goat path at best. The hope was that the real bad boys would try and follow but since they did not really know where they were going and most likely had never been off road they would get hopeless stuck and be easy pickings for the drug taskforce well away from everyone else.

The first indicator that they would not do well off road was that they had turned their Forerunner into a low rider with street tires. The back way out of Johnson’s Reservoir came out right at Mary’s (Ann’s mom) house where they would stay until given the all clear by Brad to go home. The plan work flawlessly and the real bad boys were arrested with a quarter kilo of coke, in addition to all kinds of other illegal pharmaceuticals, recreational drugs and cheap weapons.

I walked back into the living room both girls looked up at me with inquiring eyes. “Ladies”, I was playing it up for everything I was worth, “that was the Beer Nazi herself (I was not being totally dishonest as there was a voice message that came in while I was talking to Brad) it seems that your vehicle was observed at a certain party”. Ann’s eyes got big, but when the girls hung their heads and I took the opportunity to mouth it was Brad and we are good. “You know what I need to do don’t you” I was putting on quite the act as a real hard core dad. “Both of you get your pajamas on, Lynn go get the paddle” I ordered. Lynn complied with out so much as a peep.

“Play along” I mouthed to Ann “just having fun to make a point”. Ann was all over it. “Girls you have this coming and I hope your dad blisters your little butts” Ann snapped. Katelyn was now audibly sobbing as they both stepped into the laundry room to change into her pajamas, Lynn was doing her best to be strong but just on the verge. “Ladies, I cannot believe that you two deliberately deceived your mother and I” doing my best drill Sargent imitation. At this point I realized that both of them were getting a bit desperate to pee. Lynn was to the point of crossing her legs. Oh this was going to be so fun.

“Ladies what do you have to say for yourselves and I want an answer not tears” I was doing everything possible to stay in character. All as I got in response was a very faint I am sorry but both girls were doing everything they could to not pee their pants. “Well which one of you wants to go first” I asked. I sat down in a big dining room chair and lightly tapped the paddle into my left hand. Lynn took a very deep breath and laid herself over my knee adjusted herself slightly.

“Daddy I am ready she said quietly” and with that closed her eyes and waited for the paddle. The swat never came instead I set the paddle aside and gave her a big tickle in the ribs at the same time I yelled “Got Ya”. Poor Lynn let out a pretty good scream as her body rose about six inches off of my lap. Ann’s eyes popped out of her head then she exploded in laughter. It took Katelyn a second to figure it out but once she did she too double over laughing. “Daddy you suck” Lynn blurted out as she wrapped her arms around my neck. She too was laughing uncontrollably.

It was at that moment that I realized there was a very warm and wet sensation spreading across my lap. Oops I had not planned on that one. Lynn pulled back from the supper hug, her eyes were huge, and she put her hand over her mouth. “Daddy you made me pee my pants” she blurted out obviously not really that sorry by still a little embarrassed. Katelyn was waving her hands in quick little flying motions, as a little wet spots appeared in her crotch and spread rapidly down both legs, she was laughing hysterically. My attention turned to Ann who was laughing so hard she was crying. When are eyes met she smiled turned her bottom toward me and with wonderfully naughty smile let it flow, her pajamas turned transparent as they became soaked, she did not have panties on, and within seconds I had a fantastic view of her most precious parts. Three months pregnant and she is still the most beautiful lady on the plant

