The Editor - Page 3

Author: Garrus

*051*2016-01-08 00:27

{{: 

When are you going to continue?

}}

I am working on it.

I'm bouncing back and forth between a couple different ideas. So please be patient :\

*054*2016-01-15 02:03

I was going to finish the next chapter I swear D:

But my computer died so now I have to wait until the replacement parts arrive so I don't have to write from my phone.

I'm really sorry to anyone who was waiting for the next chapter.

*059*2016-02-12 13:37

{{: 

Please don't let this die.

}}

What is dead may never die.

I'm still working on it, but it's taking longer than I would have liked.

*061*2016-02-17 13:23

Hey everyone, sorry for the delay. This is a short chapter, and it contains no omo-content. Originally I was going to make this half of a much longer chapter, but it took me long enough to even get this part finished. So I figured I would go ahead and post it. I'm less enthusiastic about the current arc that the story is in, but I'm really looking forward to to later plots. Sorry if this chapter feels rushed, or if there are mistakes, I didn't really proofread it. I hope you enjoy. Thanks!

Chapter 6

Phoenix

Status Skills

Name: Kyler Sol Language: 100/100

Title: The Editor Speaking: 100/100

Age: 3 Crawling: 100/100

HP: 45/45 Reading: 100/100

MP: 1/1 Walking: 100/100

STA: 38/38 Toilet Training: 100/100

Vit: 22 Smooth Talking: 23/100

End: 25 Captain's Game: 16/100

Str: 20 Strategy: 29/100

Def: 17 Dancing: 50/100

Res: 15

Dex: 28

Agi: 24

Cha: 41

Int: 48

Mag: 1

Equipment: None

###

The weeks following the party were uneventful. I devoted myself once again to training my body and my stats. I would go running outside almost every morning, Lili didn't mind so long as I never lost sight of the house. I'm sure in her mind I was just playing, and in a way I guess I was. I also tried to train my mind, by playing the Captain's game with Lili or Jars. I finally managed to beat Lili once, but I wasn't convinced she didn't just let me win. Whatever the case, Lili and I were in the middle of a game when Jars announced that he would have to leave on a trip. I was certainly surprised, but Lili didn't appear too shocked, like she had seen it coming.

As it turned out, Jars had finally been asked by the duke to travel to the border to assist the Marquess Kaulder in military training. I had met the marquees briefly at the party, it seemed like Jars and Kaulder didn't get along particularly well. The duke had likely grown tired of the constant solicitations by the marquess, and had finally ordered Jars to help, if only to quiet down Kaulder.

It was decided that Jars would travel alone, the border was less than safe, and relations with the neighboring kingdom seemed tenuous at best. Lili and I would remain at home, where it was safe. The journey would take about a month in each direction. Jars thought it would only take a couple weeks to train the troops in some basic techniques, but it would still be close to three months before he would be back.

In the days leading up to Jars' departure, Lili and Jars took advantage of every night they had together. They were both still young, and I couldn't really blame them for it, but I would really need to learn to sleep deeper, or invest in some thicker walls if I wanted to get any sleep. Sleep deprived as I was, I felt better than ever. I could feel myself getting stronger each day, and the improvements were reflected in my stats too. Although I was still in the body of a child, I finally felt like I had full control of my movements. I was growing nicely as well. There wasn't exactly a meter stick I could measure myself with, but I came up to Jars' midriff, and he was a rather tall man.

When the day finally arrived for Jars to leave his bags were packed and a carriage was waiting for him in front of the house. With one final, passionate kiss he said goodbye to Lili, and he crouched down and ruffled my hair as well.

"See ya, son. Take care of your mother for me."

It was a cliched line, but he didn't seem to notice. I answered in the affirmative and told him goodbye. With a wink and a grin he was gone, out the door and into the carriage.

###

The house felt strangely quiet with Jars gone. It was strange, he was normally gone most of the day anyway, but now the house seemed empty without him. Nevertheless, we quickly returned to our daily routines. I would train and play outside, Lili would manage the house and the affairs, and she would teach me about various things, the world, language, or whatever happened to come up. It was far from a formal school, but I still enjoyed learning from her. My favorite topic was magic, of all the craziness that I had experienced in coming to this world, magic was still the one thing that felt totally alien to me. For whatever reason, Lili always seemed hesitant to talk about magic, but when I asked often enough she would usually tell me at least a little bit.

"What kind of magic can you use?" I asked Lili one evening when she was sitting at the table after dinner. On a previous occasion, she had explained that when one's magic was awakened there was a certain type, or sometimes types, of magic which that individual could use. Any attempts to cast magic outside of one's affinity would lead to mediocre results at best.

"Kyler, you should know not to ask a lady something like that. I raised you better." Lili scoffed in mock indignation. Apparently your affinity was rather personal information, and it was considered rude to ask about it.

"Please?" I pouted, making the same face I used whenever I wanted something from her.

"Oh, very well." Lili laughed and began telling the story with a wistful look in her eyes. "When I was younger, I had a very strong affinity to fire. I was absolutely awful when it came to any other type of magic, but I was the best at fire. When I was in school, they called me 'Phoenix'. No one could control fire the way I could."

"Wow!" I knew her Magic stat was high, but I had never heard anything about her being a famous fire-magic user. "Will you show me some magic? Please?"

"I can't, I'm sorry Kyler." Lili smiled, sadly. "I swore to myself, I'd never use magic again. No matter what." She stood up and turned away from where I was sitting, her smile gone.

"What? Why?" I was very surprised, I had assumed I had never seen her use magic just because there had never been an opportunity.

"I just..." Lili seemed uncomfortable, and she glanced out the window.

"You don't have to tell me if you don't want to." It seemed like this might not be something she would want to discuss with her son.

"No, it's okay." Lili sighed and laughed. Leaning against the wall, she turned to face me. "You always act so mature Kyler, don't forget to be a kid while you're at it.

I swore off magic when I discovered I was pregnant with you."

I waited quietly as Lili continued her tale.

"I was so wild as a kid. Brash and stupid. You must be more mature now than I was at 16, Kyler. I was arrogant too. I was unbeatable when it came to magic, and I made sure everyone else knew it as well. If anyone challenged me I would burn them. People rarely die in magic duels, but I...I hurt people. Fire can only destroy."

Lili sat down, she looked very small, very vulnerable.

"What happened?"

"I lost." Lili looked up and smiled. "I finally met my match. Your father. We were in school together. He ah... well, I was, it wasn't really bullying. But your father found me 'playing' with some younger girls. And so, he challenged me to a duel right there. He was always the noble like that, to the point of foolishness sometimes.

Jars must have had the weakest magic in the entire school. He was a skilled swordsman, but his magic was just awful. He had an affinity for wind magic, but he could barely make a gentle gust of wind, let alone anything useful for a duel. So I told him if he could lay a finger on me it would be his win.

"As soon as the duel started I fired half a dozen fireballs at him. He didn't even try and dodge. It was the silliest thing I've ever seen." Lili giggled. "This guy didn't even try to use magic, he didn't draw his sword. All he did was sprint at me full speed. I didn't have time to cast more magic, before I could even react he reached me. By my own rules it was his win. I'll never forget the triumphant look on his face as he grabbed me, as soon as he touched me he passed out. Even with a healer, it took three weeks in bed for his burns to recover.

I watched over him while he recovered, and eventually we fell in love and got married, but he taught me something important in that duel."

"What was it?"

"It's. a. secret." Lili stuck her tongue out at me. "A lady has to keep some of her secrets. The point is, for me, magic would always mean more fighting and more enemies. As soon as I found out I was pregnant, I swore I would never use magic again. Fire and children don't mix. Especially in a wooden house."

Lili stood up and I knew the conversation was over. I was soon ushered off to bed, but I laid awake for a long while thinking about what Lili had talked about. I'm sure there was more to the story, but I wouldn't press her for information. I could understand that magic, especially fire magic, would be extremely dangerous, especially around kids. If she had decided not to use magic anymore, the least I could do would be to respect her decision.

###

The next day, my morning exercise had brought me close to the edge of the forest. Although, Lili had often warned me not to leave sight of the house when I was out exploring, the nearby woods were still mostly inside that range, at least the edge of the woods were. I had been wanting to explore inside the woods for sometime, but when Jars told me about the kinds of vicious magical beasts that lived in the forest my enthusiasm had been somewhat curbed. Even so, that didn't stop me from exploring right on the edge of the woods. The world seemed to grow unnaturally quiet when I reached the tree line. I would have expected the sound of birds and other animals to grow louder as I got close to the forest, but when I stood in the long, cool shadows cast by the ancient trees, everything grew silent.

I stood motionless for a long while, staring into the dark forest. The thick tops of the trees prevented any sunlight from penetrating to the forest floor, the inky black darkness meant I could only see a few feet into the forest from where I stood. Every instinct in my body said this forest was a dangerous place, but still I was curious. I wanted to step inside and see what it was like from the inside. This was not the first time I had felt such an impulse, but every time prior, I could not take another step forward. Maybe today...

I wrenched my left foot up from where it had been safely planted in the grass, and I slowly let it fall forward into the unknown depths of the forest.

The moment my foot touched the soil a single bird cry pierced the silence with its warning, making me start. Immediately a cacophony broke out as every bird in the forest seemed to begin shrieking simultaneously. I stumbled backwards, and scrambled on my hands before I was able to regain my feet, and my composure. I had retreated more than twenty feet from the imposing trees before I calmed down slightly.

Looking around, I brushed my hands on my shirt, glad no one was around to see my overreaction. Glancing back towards my house, I froze. Something was not quite right. I could see smoke rising from the house. Much more than would be seen form a simple cooking fire. Great billowing clouds of dark grey smoke were filling the sky.

I started walking towards the house. It was probably from behind the house, a bush fire somewhere on the horizon.

Walking faster now, nearly a jog. My house came into full view, wreathed in flames, smoke poured into the sky.

Sprinting. Some sort of accident. Lili would be fine, a house could be rebuilt. People would see the smoke, help would have already arrived.

I reached the house panting, gasping for breath in the oppressive smoke and heat of the inferno that had engulfed the house.

"Lili!" I screamed, looking desperately for where she could possibly be. Anything, any sign, anywhere but inside that house. Nothing. No response.

Trying not to hyperventilate from panic I pulled my shirt up over my mouth and nose. I pushed open the smoldering door with my shoulder, wincing at the scorching heat. I crawled into the building, eyes stinging from the smoke.

"LILI!" I coughed as the smoke entered my lungs. I had to find her, I knew she was in here. I just knew it.

I screamed as a section of the flaming roof collapsed just next to me, covering me in burning ashes. As I coughed, and tried to clear my eyes, I found her.

Lili was laying amidst the fiery ruins of the kitchen, miraculously unburned. I immediately looked at her stats, she was alive, barely. Her HP was dangerously low, and still decreasing. I forced the stat back up to maximum, but it started decreasing again right away. I had to get her out of here. I grabbed Lili by her shoulders and pulled with all my might; she didn't move. I wasn't strong enough, even with my abnormal stats for my age. She was at least twice my body weight. I raised my Strength stat as high as it would go before I got a warning message, and I tried again, pulling with all my might. She moved, not much, but it might have been enough to get us out of that hell.

Progress was made by inches as each pull brought us closer to the exit, but I could feel the smoke and exhaustion sapping my strength. The door was in sight, we were almost out when the world collapsed around me. With a groaning screech, the burning wood gave way and the entire roof gave out, raining down fire.

I was honestly surprised to be alive. If there was a luck stat that I couldn't see it must have been rather high. The roof had collapsed in such a way that I was only pelted with flaming bits of wood. Ignoring the searing pain as flames licked my body I grabbed Lili again and pulled with all my strength. She didn't move, a portion of the roof had pinned her down, making it impossible for me to move her with my current strength. I just needed more strength, when I tried to increase my strength even more I got the same warning as before. Exceeding my bodies capabilities? Damage could occur?

"Like I give a damn." I growled through clenched teeth. I had two options, either my strength would increase, or my mother would die. As far as I was concerned, that was only one option. I screamed as every muscle fiber in my body protested as I strained to pull Lili from the smoldering wreckage of the house. Responding to my demands, my strength drastically increased as I managed to pull her out from under the roof and out of the house.

My muscles were screaming and begging me to rest as we were finally free of the fire, but Lili was still hurt. I was maintaining her HP, but she was still unconscious and her breathing was labored. No matter what I did, her health kept decreasing, slowly but surely. She needed a doctor, or healer, whoever could help her. For that, she would need to get to the town. I was sure someone would have seen the smoke from the city, but still no one had arrived. I steeled myself, and I grabbed Lili once more.

Lili's condition was worsening, I had started the long process of dragging her to Ronoa, but it was a still a long trip. I could have tried leaving her and going for help, but with her HP still decreasing I didn't want to leave her alone. I was the only one who could do this. I just needed to be stronger, and faster.

I grabbed Lili by the shoulders, and tried to keep her head steady as I kept moving. I increased all my stats to keep myself going. There were no longer any warning messages, but I could feel my body falling apart. My muscles bulged and tore my skin, blood spilled out as my body was slowly torn apart by the effort. To hell with the consequences, I was in a race against time. Would I reach the city before my body gave out? I ran.

The city came into sight, but it was still an unbearably long way away. My body was slowing and I could feel my consciousness fading away. Tears clouded my view as I looked towards the still distant city. I barely noticed that I had stopped moving, my body wouldn't listen to me anymore. Something was coming closer. A carriage of some sort, I could see city guards. They were coming for us, they could help, they would save Lili. They had to.

Please.

Help.

*068*2016-02-20 00:42

{{: 

Thanks for reminding me that I watch this fic for more than just omo.

}}

Thanks!

I think I might have mentioned it before, but my goal was to write a story, the story I wanted, not just omorashi fan fiction.

Of course it will still have omo in it, but I'm glad you're enjoying it.

*074*2016-03-10 02:25

{{: 

You are a very great writer! Do you write a lot more outside Omorashi? I swear, given the right amount of time, you could be a VERY successful author!

}}

Thanks for the compliment, it means a lot to me. I'm not usually much of a writer. I love dreaming up the stories and characters, worlds and plots, and I'll sometimes outline my ideas to keep them straight, but I've not written much outside of Omorashi. As my history on this site may show, I'm not great at seeing a project through to completion once I have started. The projects that I have started usually end up suspended or abandoned.

Perhaps one day I will branch out in my writing.

One nice thing about writing on this site is that there is rarely any negative feedback. It lets me feel good about my writing without having to really put myself out there.
