Making a Family

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2016-09-24 22:52

“Manny, Manny, get up! Sheila made pancakes!”

Manny bit back a groan as his 6-year-old sister’s voice pulled him out of unsettled sleep. Groggy, he pushed the corners of his mouth upward. “OK, Livvy,” he croaked. “I’ll be out in a minute.”

Olivia beamed and dashed back to the kitchen, satisfied in the way that only an adoring little sister could be with her 16-year-old brother’s sleepy response.

With Olivia gone, Manny let out an exhausted growl. He reached for his phone: 7:46 AM. His alarm had been set for 8, which meant that Liv had effectively robbed him of 14 whole minutes of much-needed sleep. But staying with his sister mattered more than sleep…

Dragging his feet slightly, Manny threw on some jeans and a t-shirt and shuffled out of his room. In the kitchen, Olivia was already stuffing a forkful of pancakes into her mouth. A curly-haired woman was in the process of setting another plateful at the table. She glanced up at Manny with a hesitant, unsure smile.

Sheila Temple was a 35-year-old college professor. She was single and lived in a moderately-sized apartment. She loved her job. Though she liked kids, she’d never had a strong desire to marry or have children of her own. And, as of one week ago, she was the temporary caregiver of Manny and Olivia.

Sheila’s sister, Sam, was a typically overburdened social worker. The city had too many children in need and too few foster and adoptive families. Sam had been assigned to Manny and Olivia’s case when a waitress had found them digging through a restaurant dumpster. The responding authorities, understandably, wouldn’t leave Olivia without shelter, and Manny, also understandably, wouldn’t leave his sister. No foster families had immediate space for two minors, and the nearby children’s homes weren’t set up to keep siblings with such a wide age discrepancy.

“Please, Sheila,” Sam had begged on the phone. “Just for a little bit, while we find a more permanent place for them, track down extended family. You have a spare room, and you’re a professor of child development, for God’s sake!”

Sheila hadn’t acquiesced easily. Yes, she had a PhD in child development, but she’d never been fully responsible for children on a day-to-day basis, much less children who (as she learned) had been chased out of their house by their drug-addicted father’s steak-knife-wielding girlfriend. Sheila was definitely not equipped to support that kind of traumatic experience.

And yet here she was, setting a plate of pancakes on the kitchen table for a 16-year-old boy who had barely spoken to her for a week, but who clearly adored and would do anything for the 6-year-old girl sitting across from him.

Olivia, at least, seemed to settle fairly well. Manny had obviously done a lot of work to make her feel safe, no matter where they were, so the little girl had taken him at his word when he promised that Sheila was nice and would take care of them.

Sheila sighed quietly. Kids were easy, she thought. Teenagers were hard. Not that Manny was difficult, per se; Sheila just wasn’t sure how to interact with the young man. Today, however, that was on the agenda. It was Saturday, and Olivia was going to a Daisy Scout field trip for most of the day, so it would just be Manny and Sheila in the apartment.

Manny had the barest of smiles on his face as he listened to his sister’s excited chatter, and Sheila couldn’t help but notice how wan he looked. Was he getting sick?

The thought was interrupted by the buzz of the outer door chime. The local scout mother had arrived to pick up Liv. The girl squealed with excitement, wrapped her arms around Manny for a quick hug, then grabbed her jacket and followed Sheila outside.

With his sister gone for the day and Sheila gone for a minute, Manny whined softly and rested his forehead in his hands. He was so tired. SO tired.

Manny’s alarm hadn’t just been set for 8 o’clock. It had been set for 7, and 6, and every hour on the hour before that, just like he’d done all week. He couldn’t afford to let himself sleep, not in this nice place that was keeping his sister safe.

If he slept, he’d wet the bed.

Manny didn’t have a long history of bedwetting, but since everything that had happened over the past year with his father’s behavior and the new girlfriend and trying to keep Livvy safe, the stress had manifested into near-nightly issues. It was a big part of what had angered his dad’s girlfriend so much. He and Liv had only spent a couple of nights on the street before they’d been found, and he’d been so scared that he hadn’t slept those nights, anyway.

Now, at Sheila’s, he wasn’t staying awake to protect his sister. Not directly, anyway. He was waking himself up every hour to go to the bathroom. He couldn’t wet the bed. 16-year-olds don’t wet the bed, and grown-ups who didn’t even want kids in the first place wouldn’t let bed-wetting 16-year-olds stick around, and that meant either being sent somewhere else – somewhere potentially less safe for Liv – or being separated from his sister entirely. Not an option.

So Manny had diligently limited his liquid intake in the evenings and set his alarm for hourly intervals during the night. His system was working, and he hadn’t so much as leaked in bed.

But interrupted sleep wasn’t good sleep, and now, Manny was beyond the point of exhaustion. He was so tired, he physically ached. It hurt to keep his eyes open, and he struggled to focus. As much as he hated being away from Liv, he was grateful for the possibility of a relatively quiet day. Maybe just the chance to be quiet and relax would help him feel more rested.

Sighing, Manny poured himself a third glass of orange juice from the carafe on the table. Since he stopped drinking long before he went to bed, he’d been waking up very thirsty, and besides, he thought that being full of liquid helped him stay awake during the day.

With Olivia safely deposited in the scout mother’s car, Sheila returned to the apartment. She furrowed her brow seeing Manny slumped at the table.

“Hey, Manny?” she called gently as she started to clear the table from breakfast. “Are you feeling OK?”

“Yes, ma’am,” Manny answered, but his voice was low and scratchy.

Sheila looked skeptical, but she didn’t feel like she was in a position to question the boy. She knew she wasn’t a “real mom” or even a foster parent, and anyway, Manny acted a lot older than his 16 years most of the time. He had to, Sheila supposed.

Still, she thought she’d at least let Manny know that she didn’t expect anything of him. “Are you sure?” she pressed hesitantly. “You don’t have anything to do today, you know. Why don’t you go back to bed and get some rest?”

Manny shuddered at this suggestion and sat up straighter, trying to falsely convey that he wasn’t actually tired. “No, I’m fine,” he insisted. “I thought I’d catch up on some homework.”

Unconvinced by the teen’s claim, Sheila nodded nevertheless. “OK. I’ll just be grading papers on the couch if you need me.”

She wanted to do more for Manny, she really did. Sheila just had no idea what he wanted or needed, besides the obvious desire to protect his little sister. She did notice that he seemed to like the orange juice, so she refilled the carafe and set it on the table in front of him before going into the living room.

Manny collected his schoolwork from the kitchen counter. He valued his education, so he didn’t want the changes of the past few weeks to affect his grades. He had a few chapters to read for his English class and a problem set for algebra to work on, so he settled in at the table got to work.

Or tried to get to work. Manny liked English and didn’t automatically dismiss classic novels as “boring,” but the environmental descriptions in Wuthering Heights were difficult to follow in his current, sleep-deprived state. After a half hour of barely making any progress, Manny shook his head in frustration and decided to switch to math.

As he closed the novel, he noticed that his bladder was filling. He glanced at his orange juice glass, empty again after his fourth serving. Manny checked his phone; it was just past 9 AM. He decided to work on a few math problems before taking a break. Between the switch in subjects and the mild signals from his bladder, he was feeling more awake, anyway.

Manny finished the first two problems in reasonable time and felt a bit better about himself. See? He was fine. He could handle taking care of his sister while still keeping up in school. And keeping the sheets dry in a stranger’s home.

It was now almost 9:30, and the third problem was quite a bit more complex. Manny’s attention drifted a bit as he got stuck on a tricky step. Catching himself, he shook his head emphatically, trying to shake off the demanding claws of sleep. He stared again at his worksheet, but the numbers blurred in front of him…

…he was breathing easy. It was quiet, the kind of peaceful quiet that wasn’t broken by sirens or the groans of junkies. The colors were soft, and the air didn’t stink of mold and marijuana. It was warm. He was warm. His lap was warm…

…it was the localized warmth that jerked Manny out of his unintentional doze. To his utmost horror, he had started to pee; warm liquid was trickling into his lap.

Manny couldn’t hold back a strangled cry. He frantically clutched his dick and leapt up from the table.

The noise startled Sheila from her grading in the living room. She looked up in time to see Manny hurrying from the kitchen, hand between his legs. She frowned, but didn’t immediately get up, assuming that Manny had just gotten too caught up in his work and hadn’t realized he had to go.

In the hallway, Manny stumbled around a corner, bumping into the wall. He was trying to keep his hand gripped in his crotch, but he was still peeing, the wetness creeping down his leg. He lurched through the door of the bedroom, aiming for the bathroom, but his legs weren’t responding like he wanted them to. He felt like he was in a nightmare, the kind where you want to run, but your legs feel like lead.

He was just feet from the toilet, but Manny’s exhausted mind and body were no longer working properly. He jerked his torso forward, but his legs seemed rooted to the spot. He could see the bathroom, but he was going on the bedroom floor, hot urine spilling past his ineffective grip.

Head spinning, Manny started to cry. He couldn’t process what had just happened – what was still happening. He was still exhausted beyond comprehension. He hadn’t had the energy to get to the toilet, and he certainly didn’t have the mental capacity left to regulate his emotions in the face of such a failure.

Back in the living room, Sheila was listening carefully. She was sure Manny had been running to the bathroom, but she hadn’t heard the door shut or the toilet flush. She stood hesitantly. Manny had looked ill; she hoped he hadn’t fallen or passed out.

Torn between wanting to give the teen his privacy and her own concern, Sheila ultimately decided to get up and check on him. She still didn’t hear any obvious sounds coming from the bedroom, but as she rounded the corner, she saw Manny standing with his back to the bedroom door. He wasn’t making any noise, but he seemed to be shaking.

Confused, Sheila crept closer. “Manny?”

The teen inhaled shakily, but otherwise didn’t acknowledge her presence. Slowly, Sheila walked around in front of him.

Her eyes widened. A huge, dark stain spread down the front of Manny’s jeans, and he stood in a small puddle that was soaking into the carpet. He look simultaneously blank and terrified, and his eyes were oddly unfocused.

“Oh, honey,” Sheila breathed. It was the first time she’d ever used an endearment for him. “Did you have an accident?”

Manny heard, but couldn’t answer. His vision swam, and he swayed on the spot.

“Ooooh-kay,” Sheila reached toward him, grabbing his elbow. “Manny?” she tried to get his attention. “Let’s get you cleaned up, honey. It’s OK.”

Keeping one hand on his back, Sheila guided Manny into the bathroom. Still unsteady, Manny made no move to start cleaning himself.

“Manny?” Sheila repeated. She was starting to worry. “Manny, do you need my help?”

Manny’s head jerked back as the implications of Sheila’s words were finally enough to catch his focus. “Nnn…” his throat hurt from tears and weariness, and words wouldn’t come right away. “N-no,” he finally stammered. “I can…”

Sheila was more convinced than ever that Manny was sick. She’s make sure he got some rest as soon as he got changed.

“OK, honey. I’ll grab you some dry clothes.”

Manny braced himself against the sink while Sheila went to the dresser. His head hurt, and his mind was still dragging him forcefully into unconsciousness, but he couldn’t sleep. He had to clean up and clean the carpet, and even if he did allow himself to sleep, he had to make sure he peed first and then set his alarm so he didn’t sleep too long…

Sheila was handing him sweatpants and underwear. Manny mumbled his thanks and shut the bathroom door to change. He cringed as he peeled off his drenched jeans and decided to take a quick shower, hoping that the water would both clean him and wake him up enough to clean his mess in the bedroom.

He didn’t really feel any more awake after showering. If anything, the white noise of the water emphasized his desire to sleep. When he opened the bathroom door, he looked like a zombie shuffling into the bedroom.

Seeing Manny’s blank, drawn look, Sheila reached for him. “Come on, Manny,” she pleaded, pulling him toward the bed. “You need some rest, honey, you’ll feel better.”

Manny groaned unintelligibly. He couldn’t sleep. He had to clean up and he didn’t have his phone with him to set his alarm…

“Yes, honey, it’s OK,” Sheila soothed, gently yet firmly guiding Manny into bed. “You’re safe, just get some rest.”

Completely broken, Manny started to cry. He needed to set his alarm, he couldn’t just…

“Shhh,” Sheila whispered, running her fingers through Manny’s hair as she eased his head onto the pillow. Her heart ached for the poor, sick boy.

Manny’s mind struggled to grasp the last vestiges of awareness. He had to…he needed…

But a whole week of only interrupted sleep was far too much to overcome, and Manny was out within seconds of his head hitting the pillow. Sheila stayed for a few minutes, stroking his hair and murmuring softly. When she was satisfied that the teen was resting, she cautiously stood, taking a deep breath.

Even in sleep, Manny looked uneasy. Sheila hoped that he would get some good rest and feel better when he woke up. In the meantime, she grabbed some baking soda to spread on the wet stain on the carpet. She’d worry about vacuuming it up later.

Before leaving the room, Sheila watched Manny, still concerned. In the few minutes he’d been asleep, he’d automatically curled to one side of his bed, nearly pressed into the wall. For protection or to try to disappear? Sheila wasn’t sure, but it was painful to see.

###

To Sheila’s relief, Manny slept for hours. When Olivia returned around 3:30 that afternoon, Manny was still out. Sheila hushed the 6-year-old and explained that her brother wasn’t feeling well, so he was taking a nap. Liv nodded sagely and settled at the coffee table in the living room to color quietly.

Just before 4 o’clock, Sheila heard noises from Manny’s room. “Oh! Sounds like your brother’s awake!” she whispered cheerfully to Olivia. Liv beamed and bounced to her feet, skipping in front of Sheila as they headed toward Manny’s bedroom.

“Manny!” Liv shouted joyfully, not bothering to knock before barging into the room. Sheila smiled, following, but stopped short as soon as she walked through the door.

Manny was standing a few feet back from his bed, a wild look in his eyes and yet another huge, dark patch of wetness down the front of his pants.

Before Sheila even had time to process the scene, Olivia had thrown herself in front of her brother, hand out as if to protect him from Sheila.

“He didn’t mean it!” she cried, her young voice anxious. “It was a accident!!”

Sheila froze, not wanting to seem confrontational. She automatically held her hands up, placating.

“He didn’t mean it!” Liv repeated, eyes wide. Behind her, Manny was breathing hard, but he instinctively wrapped an arm around his little sister.

Slowly, tentatively, Sheila started to walk toward the siblings. “I know, honey,” she murmured to Olivia.

The kindergartner drew back slightly. “Don’t make him leave,” she whispered.

Sheila felt like she’d been punched in the stomach. Keeping her hands out, she knelt in front of the pair, locking eyes with the little girl.

“Liv,” she began, gentle but serious. “Sweetheart, I won’t do that.”

Olivia furrowed her brow, unsure. Sheila didn’t look up at Manny, but she saw his hand tighten on his sister’s shoulder.

“I promise, Liv,” Sheila insisted. “I know Manny didn’t mean it, and I would never make him leave – or you – for having an accident.”

“I can clean up,” Liv said softly, still nervous. “We’ll make it better.”

“Oh, honey,” Sheila smiled sadly. “You don’t have to clean up. I’m not mad, sweetheart, I promise. Everything is fine.”

Olivia reached up and grabbed her brother’s hand, instinct driving her to stay close to him. “We’ll fix it…” she whispered.

“Liv?” Sheila shook her head. “You don’t have to fix anything. I promise. It’s OK.” Sheila inhaled, knowing that her next request would take a bit of convincing. “I just need to talk to Manny for a little bit, OK?”

Sure enough, Olivia frowned, pressing back against her brother.

“I’m not mad, Liv, I’m not even a little bit mad,” Sheila promised, “and Manny’s not in trouble. I just need to talk to him to make sure he’s OK and see what I can do to help. OK?”

Olivia liked Sheila; Sheila had been nice to her. She wanted to believe the nice woman, but she looked up at Manny for reassurance.

Ever conscious of protecting his sister, Manny attempted a smile and nodded. It’s not that he completely trusted Sheila; he just thought that he deserved any consequences, not Olivia. So if Sheila wanted him alone, she’d get him.

With Manny’s permission, Liv stepped forward. Sheila smiled encouragingly. “Go finish coloring,” she suggested. “You can show Manny your pretty picture when you’re done.”

Like most 6-year-olds, Olivia brightened at this prospect. She nodded happily, hugged her brother one last time, and ran from the room.

Gathering her thoughts, Sheila turned back to the wet teen standing in front of her. He was shaking so badly, she could see his t-shirt fluttering around his thin body.

“Manny,” she began, trying to put every ounce of sympathy and reassurance into her voice. “I promise I’m not mad, I promise you’re not in trouble, and I promise,” she emphasized the word, “that I’m not sending you away or splitting up you and Liv. OK?”

Manny’s lip trembled fiercely and he kept his eyes down, but after a moment, he nodded.

“OK,” Sheila breathed. It was something. “Honey, I just want to help you. Are you sick?”

Manny’s face crumpled even further. After another pause, he shook his head.

At this point, he was quavering so much, Sheila was surprised she couldn’t hear his knees knocking together. “Manny, honey, let’s sit down,” she offered. She put her arm under his elbow and steered him down onto the bed. The wet stain was big, but confined to the half of the bed closest to the wall, where Manny had been curled up.

“OK, honey,” Sheila said, sitting next to the boy. “I just want to help. Can you tell me what happened?”

The silence seemed to stretch between them, but finally, Manny opened his mouth. “I-“ he stammered, he voice gravelly but quiet. “I tried.”

“You tried?” Sheila echoed. “Tried what, honey?”

Unbidden tears were leaking out of Manny’s eyes and streaming down his cheeks. “I tried not to,” he cried, almost pleadingly.

Sheila pressed her lips together as Manny’s words sunk in. This had happened before. Happened often enough that he had made an effort to prevent it. Prevent it, how?

“Manny…” Sheila murmured, trying to disguise her dismay. “Have you not been sleeping, honey?”

“I…” Manny could barely control his mouth through all the shaking. “I didn’t want to wet the bed,” he whispered, deeply ashamed of having to say the words, but wanting Sheila to understand that he really had tried. Quickly, brokenly, he explained his system of setting his alarm and limiting his drinks, barely pausing for breath and not meeting Sheila’s eyes.

And Sheila’s eyes showed the horror she felt at the lengths the teen had taken to keep himself from having an accident. No wonder he’d wet himself earlier; she was surprised he’d even managed to move on so little quality sleep.

“…and I…” Manny’s voice was breaking again as his explanation tumbled out. “I didn’t want to make a mess and ruin your mattress and cost you money and make you mad.”

Blinking, Sheila swallowed her awe at Manny’s tale. She fixated on a single comment. “OK, honey, first of all, you don’t have to worry about the mattresses,” she promised, trying to ease at least one of his fears. “All of my beds have mattress covers, even mine. That’s just good sense.”

At this information, Manny finally looked up, questioning.

“And second,” Sheila went on. “Honey, if you’re worried about wetting the bed, not sleeping isn’t the answer. You need your sleep. There are other options. We can get you things to help keep you dry.”

Manny snorted reflexively. “Nobody gonna spend money on baby stuff for a grown boy,” he muttered.

Sheila tilted her head sympathetically. “Is that what someone told you?”

“Angelina,” Manny answered simply. His dad’s girlfriend. “Those things cost money.”

Sheila refrained from making a sarcastic comment about the cost of heroin. “Well,” she said instead. “I happen to have plenty of money. Definitely enough to buy pull-ups for you. If that would help you sleep better,” she added.

Slowly, nervously, Manny finally met Sheila’s eyes. He looked younger than she’d ever seen him look. “Really?”

Sheila reached up and cupped the young man’s cheek, wiping away a stray tear with her thumb. “Yes, sweetheart. Whatever you need.”

Biting his lip, Manny nodded repeatedly. If he couldn’t stop himself from wetting the bed, then surely the next best option was not making such a huge mess every night.

Sheila smiled, relieved. “It’s settled then. I’ll go out and pick some up.” She rubbed Manny’s back, comforting. “And I might as well grab some dinner while I’m out. What do you feel like? Mexican? Chicken?”

Slightly embarrassed by the positive outcome of the day’s events, Manny shrugged. “Whatever,” he murmured.

Sheila stood, understanding that they’d probably reached their limit of conversation for now. Plus, Manny still had to change. “OK, honey. Why don’t you get cleaned up – I’ll change the sheets – and then come out and see your sister’s picture.”

Still blushing, Manny nodded and scrambled to the dresser to grab some dry clothes before heading into the bathroom to change.

Sheila efficiently stripped the bed, still in awe of what Manny had told her. She was furious at what he’d gone through and devastated at what he thought he had to do to keep himself and his sister safe.

While she was loading the washing machine to clean the wet sheets, she heard Manny emerge from the bathroom and join his sister in the living room. Sheila closed the lid of the washing machine to start it and headed down the hallway to the sound of Olivia’s happy chatter.

Rounding the corner, Sheila saw Manny kneeling next to his sister, his arm around her shoulder’s as the little girl pointed out her artistic products. Manny looked relaxed and completely engrossed with what Liv was saying.

Sheila hung back, leaning against the wall and smiling. Maybe she could do this parenting thing after all.

*007*2016-09-27 01:36

{{On 9/24/2016 at 9:25 PM, bazinga said:

Oh wow, this is by far my favorite piece you've written. I fall in love with every single one of your characters all the time! :) Good job!

}}

Oh, wow, thank you! This one's been stuck in my head for quite awhile, so I'm really glad you enjoyed it :)

{{On 9/25/2016 at 7:54 AM, Sylveon54 said:

I totally fell in love with this it's so cute and caring.

}}

Thank you! "Cute and caring" are my favorite kinds of stories to write!

{{On 9/25/2016 at 7:58 AM, ChloTheCrazyMofo said:

This was adorable <3

}}

I'm so glad you think so!

{{On 9/25/2016 at 3:10 PM, luigifantard said:

Dawwwwww~..This was such a sweet story!

}}

Thank you so much!

{{21 hours ago, RebelRebel said:

You manage to come up with such good characters each time, your writing is truly great! I loved this

}}

Aw, thank you! I really appreciate your comments. I get nervous that my characters get repetitive, so I'm really grateful for your feedback :)

{{6 hours ago, 101010a said:

I love this!

}}

Thank you!

*010*2016-10-11 01:27

{{On 9/27/2016 at 2:13 PM, CaptainCranberry said:

Great story, thanks for sharing it with us!

}}

You're very welcome! Thank you for commenting!

{{On 10/7/2016 at 4:33 PM, taiwanese1897 said:

Loved the story! Really felt connected t the characters all the way through. Just curious though, will there be a part 2?

}}

Thank you so much! No additions to this one, though, if I have the time (and focus), I have a story with a few chapters that I hope to write next.

