Awkward ride

Author: btkdaku

*000*2017-05-09 15:12

Hi everyone,

I've been on these forums for the past five years but this is the first time I'm contributing something. This is my first attempt at fiction and I'm looking to improve. So I would love to receive criticism and suggestions with regards to the plot. This is only the first chapter for this story. I hope you guys enjoy.

Chapter 1:

Jake hung back as his dad went up to meet Anne. The past three years had managed to kill some of the animosity in this relationship but it was still far from cordial. There was no invitation for coffee and no pleasantries exchanged, merely a stiff handshake and curt nod.

“Hello Anne, I presume you had a good drive on the way up here.” Stated Jake’s father.

“Good enough,.” Replied Anne in an equally cold tone.

Jake himself hadn’t grown fully comfortable with Anne, and this was after almost three years of her being married to Jake’s mother. He really couldn’t blame his dad for how he acted around Anne, if anything he was proud that his father had overcome, or at least suppressed, his initial hatred for the woman.

He stepped forward and hugged his dad before saying goodbye and entering Anne’s car. This was the first time that Anne had come to pick Jake up alone. His mother had had a minor surgery a few weeks ago and wasn’t well enough to travel for the time being. Even though his mother had been with Anne for over three years now, Jake was still somewhat awkward around her. Initially he had blamed her for his parent’s divorce, never outright, but he’d thought it. But he had been younger then, at 13 years of age he didn’t know better, and although over the years that particular notion had evaporated some of the awkwardness had lingered. Jake saw his father in the rear view mirror shrinking as they pulled away from the house. He buckled in and prepared for an unusually silent car ride. His lack of sleep the night before and the monotone music on the radio acted as catalysts, putting him to sleep before they’d even hit the highway.

###

Anne had never been good with kids, and when she had married a woman who had a thirteen year old son she was not sure she’d do so well with him. She was twenty-eight when she married Judy, a full ten years younger than her now wife, so she was sure she wouldn’t be able to have a motherly relationship with Jake. The first six months had been especially rough, Jake had insisted on living with his father and some of Brendan’s attitude had seeped over into the son, who’d been very cold to Anne in the beginning.

It took almost a full year of the monthly visits Jake paid to his mother’s place to finally ease some of the tension between them. And although he’d softened in his hate on Anne, Jake still seemed reserved when around her. The longest time they’d spend together would be these monthly trips down from Brendan’s place, trapped in a car just the three of them. But Judy had always been present to keep the conversation going. Judy played the role of a bridge between Jake and Anne and now Anne was looking at a three hour drive without bridge.

As she looked at Jake she realized the sixteen year old was already starting to fall asleep, she turned the radio down and sped on toward the highway.

###

Jake woke with a start, it took a him a few seconds to realize where he was . He looked at Anne who noticed him and asked “Up so soon?” in a cheerful tone.

He took a look at his watch and realized that they’d only been on the road for little over half an hour.

“I can never sleep in the car for too long.” He answered Anne before attempting to stretch a little.

Soon afterward Jake felt a twinge in his bladder. Nothing urgent but it was the need to urinate making itself known, however he was also aware that the need would get quite uncomfortable by the time he eventually reached his mother’s place. He pulled out his phone and tried to ignore the feeling, this was always the best move in these situations ‘get your mind off it and it won’t be a problem’. Jake leaned back and started scrolling through his social media feeds as the car drove on.

In the next 40 minutes his need to urinate worsened. It still wasn’t bad but it was now a constant pressure that kept nagging at him.

“There’s a rest stop coming up, you want to stop and get something to eat?” Anne asked Jake.

“Ugh, not really. I had a late breakfast.” Replied Jake.

“Oh, ok.” Said Anne, sounding a little disappointed.

Jake recognized that Anne wanted to spend some time with him, he also realized that if they’d stopped he’d have had a chance to relieve his bladder, still he had refused. He was in no mood to prolong this trip any more than it had to be.

###

Anne had drove for the first 30 minutes of her journey in relative peace. Jake had fell asleep almost immediately after they left and other than the occasional car she had to overtake she had nothing on her mind. Well almost nothing. Anne hadn’t had a chance to use a toilet the entire day and now her bladder was getting uncomfortably full. So when Jake woke up she asked him if they could stop to eat, this would allow her to relieve her bladder and spend some quality time with Jake. Needless to say she was disappointed when he turned the idea down.

Anne drove on with the pressure in her bladder building rapidly, soon the need to pee was constantly poking at her and distracting her. She wished she was alone in the car so that she could hold herself, but if she’d been alone she would have stopped at the rest area they passed a few minutes ago. She pulled her legs closer together and locked her thigh in an attempt to relieve some of the pressure on her bladder. She looked over at Jake for a second and saw that he was busy scrolling away on his phone. What she didn’t notice in the brief moment that she looked at him was the fact that the 16 year old boy had his legs tightly crossed over each other.

In the next half-hour or so her need escalated at an exponential rate, she was now constantly moving her legs and fidgeting around. But with less than hour left before their exit, she reckoned she could deal with the discomfort a little longer. In her concentration she had almost forgot about Jake sitting next to her, until he spoke.

“You think we can stop anytime soon?” he asked.

“Why?” asked Anne, a little too harshly, she immediately caught herself and softened her tone.

“I mean our exit is less than an hour away and there are no more rest areas before then.”

“Oh” accepted Jake in a nervous tone.

Anne looked at Jake again and realized what the problem was, how could she have not seen it already? The boy had one hand lodged in his crotch and had twisted his legs one over the other. He was twitching nervously and had a look of intense concentration on his face. One thing was certain, a bathroom break was needed. But with forty minutes before the nearest exit and a very desperate sixteen year old, she wasn’t sure how to broach the subject.

End of Chapter .

*001*2017-05-09 19:52

Chapter 2:

Jake was now reaching the point where he was finding it hard to sit still. He had no idea how his desperation had gotten to such an extreme stage so quickly, but he needed to do something about it. He looked over to Anne and saw that she was looking at him with concern. He realized that his actions portrayed his current desperate situation very clearly but at this point he was beyond caring.

“Are you sure there isn’t somewhere we can stop , I really need to go to the bathroom.” Even this was an understatement , as Jake had passed the “really need to go” point some time ago.

“There isn’t anything before our exit Jake, can you manage to hold it in a little longer?” Inquired Anne.

This made Jake go red in the face, no matter how dire his need was , it was embarrassing to be asked if you could hold it in. Jake kept his thoughts to himself though and simply redoubled his efforts into holding it.

The pressure quickly grew over the next few minutes and Jake now started to sweat. He constantly had both hands crushed between his thighs whilst he bounced up and down. Soon he felt a tingling sensation in his legs and a mounting pressure originating from his bladder, the two forces met somewhere around his crotch where he lost control for a brief moment and spurted. Piss flowed into his boxers for a couple of seconds before he finally managed to stem the flow. He had lost it, only for a moment , but he had. He was sure the damage was minimal and that it wasn’t showing on his jeans yet, but he dared not check fearing that he might lose control again. Jake decided it was time to dump the bravado and ask for help.

“Anne, can’t you just pull over? I really need to go.” Said Jake.

“Can you hold on for just twenty minutes?” Asked Anne.

“I don’t think I can.” Fessed up Jake.

PSHHHH

Jake lost another long spurt in his pants, he was sure that this one had wet the inside of his thighs.

“ANNE PLEASE PULL OVER!” Jake almost shouted.

Anne recognized the urgency started to pull over to the side of the road

PSHHHH

Jake spurted again, this time the flow lasted longer. He could feel the wetness on his inner thighs and could feel the urine pooling around the base of his boxers wetting his butt. By the time the car came to a stop Jake was leaking a continuous stream which had formed a small puddle under him. As soon as the car halted Jake jumped out and in one fluid motion pulled the zipper down and took his dick out. He faced away from the car and started to piss by the roadside. He went on for at least sixty seconds before he stopped. When he finally did, he turned to see the damage.

Anne was staring wide eyed at the boy who stood there with pants damp to the knees, the car seat had a big stain on it and Jake still hadn’t done up his zipper.

Anne had just witnessed Jake start leaking in the car then get off and continue to leak for a few seconds before he had managed to ‘successfully’ relieve himself .So naturally it was a moment before she could collect her thoughts and muster up words to say to the boy with the drenched pants who now stood facing her.

“Err your fly...” She left the implication hanging.

Jake quickly turned away and pulled his zipper up. The brunt of the damage was on the backside, since most of his accident had happened while seated his entire butt was soaked and the wet streaks ran down to his knees. She felt sorry for the poor boy but her own needs were calling urgently at the moment.

“Oh Jake, you should have told me that you had to go this bad. I would have stopped earlier for you.” Said Anne in a tone filled with sympathy.

“ I didn’t think I had to go this bad at first, and then you said there were no stops and then I just couldn’t …..” Jake hung his head whilst his eyes filled with tears.

“Well its not your fault, accidents can happen to anyone,” Said Anne awkwardly trying to console Jake. But every minute that was wasted here, was a minute that Anne herself was not getting to a bathroom. She realized that Jake probably didn’t want to sit in a puddle of his own urine in piss soaked clothes.

“Jake do you want to change your pants before getting back in? You can sit in the back then for the rest of the way.”

Jake’s only reply was a nod.

Anne popped the trunk and Jake went around back to get his bag from it. Anne also handed him a plastic bag to put his soiled clothes in. He stood in whatever little cover the car provided and peeled off his urine soaked jeans. His boxers were completely soaked , there was barely a dry spot on them. He looked to make sure Anne was looking in the opposite direction before quickly removing his boxers and putting on a new trouser. He was sure that a few passing cars had seen him and wondered why a sixteen year old boy was standing on the side of a highway changing his piss soaked clothes.

"All done?” Asked Anne, interrupting Jake’s thoughts.

Jake nodded and got in the backseat, putting the bag with his wet clothes on the floor of the car. Busy as he was thinking about his own humiliation, Jake had still failed to noticed that Anne looked overly impatient as well.

End of Chapter 2

*004*2018-07-03 10:33

I realize that I haven't posted an update in over an year, and that this story probably didn't have that much interest to begin with. But I wanted to write something new and thought that leaving this hanging would be a disservice to anyone who read the first two parts. Bear in mind that I haven't touched this story in over an year so I don't think its turned out all that well but I'll post it here anyway.

Chapter 3:

Jake had taken the seat directly behind Anne when he got back in the car, so he no longer had a clear view of her. Anne recognized this immediately and ground her thighs together to relieve some of the pressure off her aching bladder as she started driving again.

Anne’s predicament was getting worse by the minute, her need to go had increased exponentially over the past hour and the fact that she could not cross her legs was making her it much worse. A few minutes in she gave in and hiked up her skirt from the front, slid a hand between her legs and started holding herself. With how Jake was positioned he could not see what was going on in the drivers seat, which made Anne’s life a tiny bit easier.

Another half hour into the ride, Anne was almost constantly holding herself and viciously squirming around in her seat. She had needed to pee really badly only a number of times in her adult life, so she could recall them rather easily. The closest she’d gotten to an ‘accident’ was during college when she was on a road trip with some friends and she was hesitant in asking them to stop so she could visit the restroom. But even that time she had been in no real danger of going in her pants. This time was different, she had never had to pee this badly in her life before, and she was still about half an hour away from her home. With no rest areas coming up her best option would be to get off at her exit in about ten minutes and find a place to go before she got home. Anne was not excited about the idea of revealing to Jake that she too was on the verge of wetting herself but at this point pride mattered very little.

Five minutes into the drive she realized that she might not make it to the highway exit at all. This realization came in the form of a hot jet of piss shooting through her pee hole and wetting her panties. She instantly placed her hand, which she removed moments earlier, back between her legs and ground her thighs together. Anne was thankful that she had worn a loose skirt today, well as thankful as one can be when on the verge of wetting yourself in your car. She raised her butt slightly and hiked up her skirt from underneath herself, collecting it almost entirely around her waist. She sat back down, with her panties and her hand the only things between her overstretched bladder and her seat.

Two minutes down the line Anne lost another spurt into her panties, whilst only the second one it had been a long one. The crotch of her panties was now completely soaked and her hand had collected a lot of liquid as the first drops of her urine dripped onto the seat underneath her. Anne was frantic by this point. She realized that there was no hope of making it to a bathroom and her only other option was to stop the car and squat on the roadside with her already wet panties. She wasn’t particularly fond of this idea either with Jake being in the backseat, but both her options and her time was limited.

Before she could make a decision she was interrupted by another spurt, this one didn’t feel short however. Hot pee shot out of Anne’s tortured pee hole and wet everything beneath her. She could feel it flowing through her hands, wetting her panties and the seat beneath her, it collected underneath her soaking into the seat and wetting her butt. As long as the spurt had seemed and as much damage as it had done, the it had lasted no longer than ten seconds, which meant that it was not even a fraction of the piss that Anne’s bladder was still holding.

Anne realized that she had lost the battle on both ends, not only had she ended up wetting herself and her seat, but her need to pee had barely been reduced. Stopping now to go pee wasn’t an option since she would have to go to a public toilet with piss clearly dripping off her panties and legs. And she was sure she wouldn’t be able to wait until she got home either. All the while she thought of what to do she was constantly losing the battle with her bladder, with small leaks coming every few seconds now, further wetting her seat and her ass. It seemed like her decision had been made for her, by her bladder.

The car already smelled like urine from Jake’s accident and Anne had popped the car windows as a result of the smell. The noise created by traveling on a highway with open windows meant that Jake was oblivious to the fact that a 31 year old woman was having a peeing accident in the front seat. Anne’s tired urethra now released pent up urine into her already wet panties and her already wet set. She could feel the wetness creep up her butt and seep in between her thighs. The seat could not absorb the pee as fast as Anne was wetting so she had to control her pace lest it spill over from her seat and fall to the floor of the car, something that would definately make Jake aware of what was happening. So Anne peed in little intervals, she would create a puddle in her seat and then hold the pee back so the seat would have a chance to absorb the liquid, then she would go again. She did this until she had emptied more than half of her bladder.

Her seat was now COMPLETELY soaked and had reached its maximum capacity, anymore pee and it would spill over to the floor. Her light blue panties were now a much deeper shade all the way through. And even though Jake was still unaware of her accident she had gone completely red at the thought of what she had just done.

As soon as they got home Anne told Jake to to go and greet his mother while she parked the car around back. As soon as Jake was out of the car she removed her soaking panties and retrieved the towel from the backseat that Jake had used to dry himself with. She wiped her legs and butt as best as she could and stepped out of the car, letting her skirt fall around her, now relatively dry, body. She still smelled like piss but she could attribute the smell to Jake’s accident. Finding cover behind the shed in their yard, Anne squatted down in the grass and emptied the rest of her bladder out in the open. Confident that Judy would not be able to tell that Anne had had an accident she walked into her home, with Judy now consoling a teary Jake about his accident.

At least she had an excuse to get the car detailed first thing in the morning.

The End

