Link and Zelda's Desert Journey

Author: mourn365

*000*2023-03-22 21:29

It was a typical day in Hyrule. Well, as normal as it could be after the calamity. But now that Link defeated Ganon and Princess Zelda is free, they are finally restoring things to normal. Link and Zelda were on a quest to unite Hyrule as a singular kingdom once again. They had already convinced The Zora Domain to swear fealty, and currently, they were on their way to Gerudo city to (hopefully) get them to do the same.

Zelda was packing up the last of their things when she saw Link. She snorted upon seeing his clothing. He was wearing a traditional Gerudo outfit.

“BWAHAHA!” Zelda bellowed. “What are you wearing!?”

“I-it was the only outfit I had that resisted heat!” Link defended himself. “Besides, I’ll have to wear it eventually to get into Gerudo Town!”

Zelda was crying from laughing after a short while. She planned on drinking a heat resistance potion before heading out and getting a more suitable outfit once they got to Gerudo Town, and she assumed Link was doing the same. However, she completely forgot about the Gerudo laws against men.

Link incoherently mumbled something, blushing.

“Ahahaha, okay, okay, I’m sorry. It looks nice on you, but do the Gerudos still not let men inside?

Link shook his head no.

“Huh. Well, let’s be off, I suppose.” Zelda picked up her backpack, downed her potion, and headed out.

————————————————————

Zelda REALLY wished she had used the bathroom before leaving. She usually goes first thing in the morning; however, it completely slipped her mind today. “Stupid adorable Link, in his adorable clothes.” She thought to herself. She felt a pang in her bladder and doubled down, covering her crotch.

"Hm?" Link looked over to Zelda.

"I'm quite alright. I'm just tired; I simply need to rest a bit."

“We don’t have time for that right now. My outfit may protect me from the sun, but you only have so many potions.”

“I suppose you’re right.”

It was only a few minutes later that Zelda could feel the heat starting to get to her. As much as it pained her, she had to take another potion; she would be putting herself at risk to do otherwise. Reluctantly, Zelda took the bottle out of the bag. She put the bottle to her mouth and started chugging. It felt like torture, but she hoped they would be there soon. Not only to pee but also because she was down to her last potion.

Zelda felt the pee sloshing around in her bladder, putting her hands to her crotch when Link wasn’t looking.

She tilted her head up to try to see if they were anywhere near their destination. Much to her chagrin, they weren't. Looking back down, she was beginning to do

After another half hour, Zelda felt a warm liquid entering her undergarments, letting out an embarrassing whimper. Link once again looked over at her, concerned.

"Er… Something wrong, Link?" Zelda said nervously, taking her hands off her crotch. Link went into the satchel, pulled out another potion, and he handed it to her.

“No, I don’t need it yet, Link.”

Link forcibly put the potion in her hand.

“Link, really, I’m fi-”

“Please drink it, Princess; it’s for your own good.”

She knew Link was just trying to help her, but right now, it was driving her bladder crazy. She looked down at the potion and gulped. Slowly, over the next few minutes, she sipped the potion bit by bit. Once she finished, she went back to desperately clasping her crotch.

Ten minutes later, Zelda wasn’t sure how much more she could take. Another spurt came, dampening her undergarments further. She quickly crossed her legs and stuffed her hands onto her groin as hard as possible.

Link speedily drew his sword, thinking Zelda had been surprised by something nearby. “What’s wrong, princess?” He asked.

“I-I’m sorry, Link… I can’t hold it.” Zelda’s bladder let out again, but she couldn’t stop it this time. She let out a cry as she felt a warm feeling building up in her underwear, and it soon appeared on her pants. They were black, so it wasn’t obvious what was happening unless you were close. Link began to notice what was wrong and turned around to give her privacy. Pee was dripping down onto the ground below her, darkening the sand. Tears streamed down Zelda’s face as the pure embarrassment of what was happening to her struck her like a bus.

Her stream continued for a minute and a half, thoroughly soaking her pants. Link blushed, hearing her pee splatter onto the ground. When she finished, Zelda concealed her face with her hands, unable to face Link after what she did.

“Princess? I’m sorry. All this is my fault, and I should’ve realized you had to go.”

“What!?” Zelda responded. “Don’t talk about yourself like that! This is my fault, and I didn’t tell you I had to go!”

“But as your personal guard, it’s my job to-”

“Oh, hush.” She interrupted. “Look, you said you knew someone who sold clothes in Gerudo Town, correct?”

Link nodded.

“So we’ll just head there, and I will change out of these clothes till we return to the castle. We were going to buy heat-resistant clothing anyways, right?”

Link nodded again.

“Alright, so let’s be off. Quickly, before my potion’s effect goes away!!”

Link smiled. He admired Princess Zelda’s resilience in the face of challenge.

