The Magic of Desperation: Ch. 4

Author: Foxlover

*000*2014-01-04 20:24

This was it. This was the moment Kari had been waiting for. Not only was Her Bitchiness seconds away from flooding her panties, she actually expected Kari to help her! Kari almost could have laughed at the irony. Alissa had spent so much of their high school career ensuring that Kari had wet panties; it was high time she got a taste of her own medicine.

Kari decided to play with her food a little bit before eating it.

“Well, Alissa, you can understand the kind of predicament you’ve put me in. You have to pee. I have to pee, but probably not as bad as you do. I have a bottle, which you need to gain the relief you so desperately crave. Now, I suppose I could give you the bottle…but because of you, I’ve had to endure endless mockery about wetting myself since we were freshmen, and here is a chance for you to experience the same hell I went through at your hands. So of course, you see my dilemma.”

Alissa bit her lip again.

“I…I’m sorry, alright!? Is that what you want? I’m sorry, for locking the bathroom, and slipping diuretics into your milk at lunch, all of it! But…I’m serious! I’ve really gotta go!!”

“So, go then.”

“What?”

“That pretty little skirt of yours can stand up to a little liquid, can’t it? Or are rich girl clothes too delicate for that sort of thing?”

“I..I can’t!”

“Well then, looks like you’re gonna have to hold it.”

“Why, you…you little…” Alissa spluttered angrily struggled to find a word harsh enough for Kari. Kari merely smiled and slowly begun undoing her bottoms, sliding them down her legs a bit. Alissa glared at her. Kari slowly pulled aside her panties and held the bottle up to her labia, her eyes never leaving Alissa’s strained face. Slowly, but surely, pee began to dribble out of Kari’s urethra, hitting the bottom of the bottle with a soft drip, drip.

Alissa closed her eyes and bounced in her seat. There was too much stimulation for her to withstand, from Kari peeing in the bottle, to the girls behind her sighing in relief, to the bus driver, who was busy trying to drive the bus with one hand, using the other to pull the trash can underneath her so she could take the long, hard piss she was dying for. Kari could see that the cheerleader was fighting a losing battle.

Kari’s dribbles turned into a steady stream. Alissa watched as Kari’s urine flowed into the bottle, her hand still clamped to her crotch as her hold began to crumble. Alissa gasped, and Kari smiled; she’d just lost some. Beads of pee began to slip between her fingers; her dam was seconds from rupturing. Kari sat and watched as Alissa attempted to delay the inevitable; her spurts became more and closer in between; the pop queen was seconds away from wetting herself completely. Finally, Alissa would get what was coming to her…but a small part of her mind began nagging at her.

How would you feel if you were in her position? The voice in her head said.

She deserves it, she’s a total bitch! Kari replied.

Let her use the bottle.

No! If we were switched, she’d let me piss myself!

I know. But you’re not her. Be the bigger person, Kari. You’re better than this.

Kari rolled her eyes. Sometimes, she hated having a conscious. With a jot, she realized that the bottle was nearly a little over a third full. Reluctantly, Kari pulled back on her glorious stream, coaxing the urine trapped in her urethra back into her bladder. She was still a bit uncomfortable, but the edge was gone. She sighed and held the bottle of yellowish liquid out to Alissa.

“Take it. There should be enough space for you to let enough out to make it to the museum.

Alissa looked at her. “N-no way. You’re just gonna pull it back!”

Kari rolled her eyes. “Look, Alissa, we really don’t have time to bat this around. Just take the bottle before you ruin these seats!”

Alissa pursed her lips, hesitating. A good spurt into her panties jolted her into action, and she took the bottle from Kari. She jammed it up to her crotch, not even having time to pull her underwear all the way down before her pee burst from her like a fire hose, flooding the bottle. She sighed loudly and smiled as her pee hit the liquid in the bottle.

Kari sighed. She had given up her chance for revenge against a girl that would screw her over any day of the week…She should feel disappointed.

So why was she enjoying it so much?

Something about seeing Alissa with her head eyes closed and her head tilted back in ecstasy, her toned thighs spread as she emptied her bursting bladder into the bottle was awakening a strange sensation in Kari’s nether regions. She found herself breathing a bit heavily as she saw the bottle filling up. She took a deep breath and shook her head of the feeling; it was too outlandish for her to deal with. “Alissa! Alissa! Stop, the bottle’s full!

Alissa snapped out of her relieved reverie long enough to stop her stream just before it started to overflow. She put the cap back on the bottle, tucked it under the seat, and smoothed her skirt down, having relieved enough of her burden to make it to the museum.

“Thanks…” Alissa mumbled, not looking Kari in the eye.

Kari almost smiled. “Don’t mention it.” Alissa was silent for the rest of the journey, even when a red-faced Ms. Roberts came around to collect the pee-filled bottles from the girls.

As they pulled into the parking lot of the museum, all of the girls filed out, laughing and talking as if nothing strange had occurred on the ride over. Kari and Alissa were the last ones out. Alissa made no indication that she noticed Kari any more, running off to catch up with her friends. Kari sighed in disgust. Once a bitch, always a bitch.

“Hey,” Doreen caught up with Kari. “I, uh…I saw what you did for Alissa. You’re definitely a better person than I am…I would’ve let that bitch soak those expensive little panties that her rich daddy buys for her.”

Kari sighed. “Yeah, well, I sort of wish I had…Speaking of which, I’d better find a bathroom…I didn’t really get to finish on the bus…”

Doreen nodded. “What was up with that? One minute we were fine, the next, we were all up to our eyeballs is piss!”

Kari shuffled guiltily, not willing to confide in Doreen about the wizard and his magical bladder-shrinking powers just yet.

“Well, come on, let’s get inside.” She said, grabbing Doreen’s hand and making her way towards the museum entrance.

*003*2014-01-06 05:00

Different threads, sir.

{{: 

I must be missing it, but where is Chapter 1-3?

}}

