Ghost Recon

Author: DespLover9021

*000*2014-06-26 02:18

Hello everybody, I am new here and this is my first topic. I just thought i'd try something since i am pretty new to this site.

I wanted to do a desperation to pee version of a Ghost Recon Mission. You will all be able to vote/interact with the story to make it as fun and as interesting as you guys want so that everyone gets a chance to participate. you will get to take control of only one character and must choose wisely. Not a lot of photos will be posted.

Team members/Roles

Ghost Leader - Angel "Destroyer" Heaven

Drone Controller - Charlene "Death" Star

Sniper specialist - Karen "Hell" Wolf

Machine gun specialist - Amy "Unknown" Ghost

Mission Details:

Operation Viking Dawn

File No. 670-2389-2BG9

Target - Terrorst leader of Ravens Rock

Time inserted - 2300 Hours + 7200 Hours

Date - February 26, 2908

Classification - Top Secret Section 19

Briefing - All right Ghosts listen up, today we are gonna be preforming a Snatch and Grab Operation. We are going into Russia today Ladies. Our target is none other than the raven rocks leader Shizuki Denizen. She was former Russian Intelligence service before being transffered to Spetsnaz and then met the former leader of ravens rock Sonia Alvartez before she mysteriously dissappeared into thin air. We are executing this op to see what she knows about the recent spike in Ravens Rock activities targeting the U.S. I wont lie ladies this op may result in you not coming back alive but we need to be strong and come back safe. Clear? Dismissed!

You walk down the hallway after the briefing thinking about the role you have just been given to fill. as the new girl on the squad you dont know what to expect so you prepare for the worst. You had a few bottles of water to drink before you got in the briefing room but didnt get a chance to use the toilet before you left for briefing. The plane takes off at 1100 hours (11:00 pm)

Choices:

Use the Bathroom

Check your gear

Talk with fellow teammates about mission and plan out how your gonna execute this properly and come home safe

*002*2014-06-26 15:47

{{:

Talk with teammates.

}}

Ok thats one for that choice now lets see what everyone else wants.

*004*2014-06-26 21:28

{{:

Ok thats one for that choice now lets see what everyone else wants.

}}

{{:

Talk with teammates

}}

Thats 2 for that one.

*005*2014-06-26 22:13

You decide to forgo the bathroom visit and decide to go talk with your team. You walk into the team bunk room, everone is sitting at their perspective bunks. There are 3 other girls sitting on their respective bunks each talking with the other about the mission. One of them a 5'12 30 year old woman is sitting on the bunk is sitting on the side of the bed holding a Assault Rifle but it has attachments that you have never seen before.

The 2 others are just animately talking about the last mission they went on together. Everyone looks at you as you comes in and immediately get off their bunks and immedately stand in front of their bunks arms and legs snap together and they all bring up their right arm to a saluting position. "Officer on Deck!"

They continue to salute waiting for you to let them be relaxed.

You say "At ease!" they all spread their legs apart to sholder length and their arms go behind their backs and the hands cross over each other as the thumbs interlock.

"I am the new team leader, My name is Angel Heaven but you can call me Destroyer"

"this is our plan for the mission, we are going for a simple snatch and extract" Drone operator is gonna scan the area and we are gonna handle things like a normal ghost unit would handle it. Active camoflauge and Sensors are a must on this mission so make sure your active camo tech is working properly" also suppressed weapons are important so make sure you have them. Pack as much ammo and equipment as you can carry. When we get to the target and we find her We are gonna breach the room or take her out in the open."

"Now does anyone have suggestions or maybe some revisions to the plan i have layed out for you?"

"insertions gonna be via HALO (High Altitude Low Opening) Drop Into a river 30 Kilometers away from the target."

Karin looks at You and says "I have a suggestion Ma'am I dont know if this will work but i wanted to see what you thought" You become a bit interested "Go on..." She nods and continues on "Well theres a port not too far from the location and Raven's Rock has been frequenting that area a lot recently according to intelligence, so i was thinking when we drop why dont we just swim or if SWCC (Special Warfare Combatant-Craft Crewman) is dropping with us why not just hitch a ride with them and when we get within the outside border why not just hop out and swim the rest of the way there?" She looks at you not knowing if you like the idea or if you just wanted to hear what she had to say. You contemplate this for a moment wondering if that could work. You feel your need start to very slowly increase in your bladder so you need to make this quick

Options:

Add Karins idea into the plan and go with it and have a quick toilet break

See what the other members have to say and wait until you get to land and find a bathroom to use

Check your gear and make sure everything is working as it should.

*007*2014-06-27 07:13

{{:

See what the others have to say. :)

Great idea for an omo story. By the way, any pm time should be above 1200 (so 11pm would be "2300 hours"). Just a tip. :3

(**Edit: Sorry, for some reason your update wasn't there when I went to answer the first question. Carry on! :P)

}}

(thanks for the advice i forgot about that one) (thanks fly i thought so as well)

Ok thats one for that descion now we wait for the others

*009*2014-06-27 20:58

{{:

Check with the others.

}}

Ok so thats 2 for that one so lets wait for the rest

*011*2014-06-28 01:38

You think its a good idea but still you want to hear what the rest of the team has to say. "Anyone else have a good idea?" The other two girls look at each other not sure what to say. You get a sense that they have a really good idea but they dont wanna say what it is. You look directly at them and ask "Do you two have any ideas to add to this plan? or are you gonna stay silent like a bunch of girls that dont know what to say?"

Finally one of them that looks like she's about 5'10 and in her early to mid 20's steps forward. The name patch on her uniform says Ghost, "I have an idea ma'am."

"when we're in the target area why dont we use a sync-shot to make it so that we dont get detected when we have to take people out" She stands in front of you in her BDU (Battle Dress Uniform) in at ease position. You think about it and decide that both of their ideas might be worth a shot.

"Ok Ghost's and Karin's ideas are pretty good so they are going to be incorporared into the plan" Now we're setting out at 2350 hours so make sure your gears checked out"

"Any questions?, No? Ok lets get it done ghosts"

Your need gets a bit stronger and you decide to go to your quarters to relieve yourself but when you get there the door is locked and you dont remember where you left the key but you think you know where it is but when you look at your watch you see that its almost time to head out to the Drop plane so you have to make a descion fast.

Options

Go find the key to the bathroom and risk missing time

Load your magazine with ammo for the mission and check your gear

Go see how badly your teammates need to use the bathroom and if they have taken care of their needs yet

Find a bottle and just pee in there to relieve the stress on your privates

*012*2014-06-28 02:34

**Edit I forgot to give you guys a choice of weapon for the main character im so sorry here are the choices of weapons, attachments, ammo and modifications to your gun.

{{:

Weapons, ammo and attachments

}}

{{:

Assault Rifles

H&K 417 Battle Rifle - The HK417 is a battle rifle designed in germany by famous gun manufacturer Heckler and Koch. This weapon is designed as a medium to long range version of its carbine cousin the HK416 which is a carbine assault rifle. This gun is chambered for the 7.62x51MM(Millimeter) NATO round. There are several variants of this rifle including an assaulter, Recon and sniper variations all with different barrel lengths but chambered for the same NATO 7.62x51MM round. This gun is designed as a percision weapon effective at medium to long ranges but cabale of engaging any target at any range and still doing its job effectively. It only has a 20 round magazine 10 rounds shorter than its 30 round clip cousins

Colt M4A1 - The most commonly known and most used assault rifle to this day. Chambered for the 7.62x5.56mm standard NATO round, it has seen service all around the world since its introduction into the military to replace the aging M16A3. This rifle is designed for medium to long range engagements.

AR15 - The civilian and military use rifle that was originally only allowed to be used by officers in the military has now seen serivce in both the military occupation and the Civlian law enforcement occupation. Like all AR's (Assault Rifles) it is designed for medium to long range combat and has a 30 round clip.

}}

{{:

Submachineguns (all SMG's are chambered for the 9mm pistol round unless otherwise stated by the manufacturer)

HKMP7 - This light, Durable and Rugged Submachine Gun is the one that replaced the commonly known and still used MP5. This model was designed as a growing need for a smaller and much more compact gun going into CQC (Close Quarters Combat) Senarios or when searching a house. Like all submachine guns it is only good for short to medium range engagements.

HKMP5 - The classic all-around gun that everyone knows and loves. Many forces are still using this weapon today. It was designed also as a need for a gun that could fit into a house search or CQC situation and still allow the operator to move around corners effectively without having a big rifle butt sticking out. Like all SMG's it is only designed to engage at close to medium ranges

Ingram UZI - This small conceleable SMG was originally designed and used by the United States Secret Service (USSS) so that they could pull it out quickly and not alarm anyone that they had weapons so close to the president and no one would know that they had those weapons on them. Designed for close to medium ranges.

}}

{{:

Pistols

HK USP.45 - This is the .45 ACP(Automatic Colt Pistol) version of this pistol but it packs a pretty heavy punch. Designed for close to close range engagements only.

Beretta M9A1 - The pistol that was used by law enforcement and U.S. Military forces for many years. This reliable and all around good gun is a main-stay for any gun enthusiast. This version has a underrail for attachments such as lasers, lights and so on

Take into account all weapons as i have described them.

You may only choose 2 weapons from the list one for primary weapon and the other as your backup.

You may choose one of the 2 pistols as your standard pistol

}}

{{:

Attachments

}}

{{:

Laser Aiming Module (LAM) - An attachable device that allows the user to get a better aim on their target

OTR Scanner - Allows the user to see enemies in front of him and they are highlighted in red. Only when you are ADS (Aiming Down Sights)

Suppressor - Designed to silence the noise when you are shooting a target.

Long Barrel - Increases the accuracy of the gun

Match trigger - allows for faster follow up shots

Semi-auto/Full-auto trigger - standard trigger that allows someone to fire single shot or full auto

ACOG(Advanced Combat Optical Gunsight) Scope - Increases Scoped in view to target

}}

{{:

A maximum of 3 attachments on each gun may be equipped and that includes the top rail, side rail and barrel

}}

*014*2014-06-28 08:05

{{:

AR 15 with ACOG

Uzi with LAM

Load your magazine and check your gear.

}}

Not bad choice. Personally i would've chosen

HK417 Battle Rifle w/ ACOG, LAM, Suppressor and a Long Barrel

USP.45 w/ Suppressor, Extended Clip

*015*2014-06-29 16:29

{{:

AR 15 with ACOG

Uzi with LAM

Load your magazine and check your gear.

}}

Ok so thats one for that lets see what the others have to say about it.

*017*2014-06-30 21:04

{{:

AR 15 with ACOG

Uzi with LAM

Load your magazine and check your gear.

}}

{{:

Load magazine with ammo and check gear, and I'm happy to go with Vexers choice of weapons :) (Love the idea of this story by the way)

}}

Ok so thats 2 for that one i think thats enough for a response thanks btw alaiteir

*018*2014-06-30 21:49

You load up your AR15 and attach a Laser Aiming Modue to the side rail. Since suppressors are standard for this mission you attach one to the end of your barrel and checks your sights as you put the ACOG sight on the gun. You then start to load your magazine and load it into your rifle pulling back the action and letting a round load into the chamber of the rifle.

You suddenly have to suppress a strong spasm that becomes oh so clear to you. "Oh why didnt i just use the bathroom when i got up?"

"this urge is so bad I...I dont know how much longer i can keep it back" *pushes hand into crotch quickly regaining control of the bladder* *you load up alll your ammo and check your gear going through each one making sure it is working properly and that there are no damages to it.

*you look at your watch and it reads 0830* *you think* Hm i actually have some time to go to the bathroom or at least relieve the pressure in my bladder a bit"

But as soon as you get up and walk towards your room's bathroom one of the other teammates calls out to you* Hey boss! i think there's something wrong with my weapon can you come and help me fix it?

You really wanna empty your bladder but you also dont wanna have a teammates weapon mess up in battle. Its a difficult choice

Options:

1. Help the team member with their gun and miss out on the bathroom visit

2. use the restroom for 10 seconds to prevent a wetting while doing a halo drop

3. ignore the help request and just empty your bladder

*021*2014-07-02 01:56

{{:

Helping the teammate has to be the priority

}}

{{:

Help the team member with her gun and miss out on the visit.

}}

Ok thats 2

*022*2014-07-02 03:04

(sorry guys i wanted to kinda do a wetting)

You really have to go but you notice that she is having more difficulty with her gun and decide to help her.

You come over and take the gun from her dissamble it and find that the teammate didnt clean the gun properly and you get on her ass for not taking care of the weapon.

You Put the weapon together and get up going into the bathroom and trying to open the stall but its locked and eventually pee yourself because its too hard to stop the flow when it comes out. You go and change and then come back to the team.

You go to the plane because its 1100 hours and your really nervous as well as the team.

Options:

1. Talk to the team

2. think about the plan for the mission before the team drops

