Two girls in a wet night adventure

Author: Jazminegurl808

*000*2012-10-21 07:14

One night, I was at my best friend, Sarah house watching a movie. We were eating Popcorn, candy and drinking soda. I was laying on the couch while Sarah was laying the opposite way on the floor. During the movie I had to pee but didn't want to say anything so I ignored it an continued watching the movie.

A little later I really had to go but didn't want to get up, So I grabbed between my legs and held it in.

Farther into the movie, I started to get nervous and peed in my pants a little. Sarah looked at me and noticed a small dark circle forming underneath my hand. I looked at her and stopped Peeing. Sarah got up and kissed me, took off my pants and told me to go.

I smiled and peed on the couch.

Sarah getting turned on started to take off my underwear, She licked the puddle on the couch and got her face close enough to my Folds. I pushed her face against it and peed on her brown hair. The pee ran down Sarah face and down her shirt. She took off all her clothes and peed on me.

I started to finger myself as she spreed her pee all over me

Sarah moaned as I rubbed her pee covered hand around her stomach and started to finger her as well.

Once we had soaked the couch in pee we drank more water and went into the bathroom.

We peed all over each other and ate out each other. .

After that night we had pee parties. Until Sarah Brother caught us and now we have "Pee three-some".

Totally not true story, im just aroused while i pee my self lol :)

