The Chief's Walk Home (Avatar: The Last Airbender)

Author: gonne

*000*2015-04-08 07:31

The women's bathroom in the police headquarters was much smaller than the men's. This was largely due to the fact that the police force consisted of far more men than women, but that didn't mean that the women didn't play a large role in maintaining peace in Republic City. The chief of police was a woman, after all.

Toph wasn't fond of the fact that the bathrooms were so small. It usually wasn't a problem, but when it was a problem, it was usually when Toph was coming back from patrol and had been holding it for a good part of the day. She was considering having a private bathroom added to her office, but she hadn't quite made it to that point yet.

Patrol was one of Toph's favourite parts of the job. It was usually when she had the most opportunity to put her bending skills to use, and if there was one thing Toph Beifong liked doing, it was bending. Unfortunately today, patrol wasn't as great as she was willing to admit. As her patrol had been coming to an end there had been a robbery at the bank. The thieves were already making a run for it by the time Toph had gotten there and she'd made quick pursuit. But these had been smart thieves and they knew what Republic City's chief of police was all about. All of their attacks had been directed at Toph's feet, and while the earthbender was skilled when it came to dodging attacks, one or two had made contact.

Her seismic sense was a little fuzzy by the end of it all and her feet hurt like crazy, but the thieves went down and Toph was able to bring them back to headquarters, even if the walk back had been a little slow. She'd been out on the streets for some time now and had to admit that she needed the bathroom pretty bad by that point.

In short, Toph was uncomfortable and grumpy, and nobody wanted to mess with a grumpy Toph.

When she got to the headquarters she handed off her prisoners to be put in cells, but one of her officers stopped her before she could head to the bathroom. "Chief, your feet are bleeding!" he exclaimed.

"Ya, I figured."

"You should sit down while we get someone to bandage them up." He was right. Walking hurt right now and while she wanted to find herself a toilet, it could wait until someone cleaned her up and made sure she didn't get an infection from walking on the bathroom floor. An infection in her feet would make her life pretty miserable.

The staff medic was quick in getting to her, though Toph noted that he was a little flustered when he got there. "Sorry Chief," he said. "I've been a little busy with the food poisoning."

"Food poisoning?"

"Some of the officers ordered takeout for lunch and well..."

"I think I get the idea." Toph hissed as she felt the antiseptic sting her foot. Her bladder throbbed at the sudden pain, but she did her best to ignore it. "How many people?" she asked.

"About half the officers who were in the headquarters this morning."

Great, now she was short staffed. The medic was pulling out a set of bandages but Toph pulled her foot away before he could start to apply them. "Do I really need those?"

"If you want to avoid getting the cuts infected, then yes."

So she was short staffed and she was going to have trouble getting around with the bandages muting her seismic sense. She let the medic finish his job and glared vaguely ahead. By the time he was done, her feet stung and her bladder was reminding her again that she should be trying to make her way over to the bathroom ASAP. She got up gingerly after the medic had left and headed towards the bathroom.

Luckily Toph had a pretty good idea of where all the furniture was in the room, and by moving slowly she was able to avoid running into anyone on the way there. She could still use her seismic sense, but there was a delay in people's movements and she couldn't see as far away as she would have liked. Not to mention everything was fuzzy.

Her bladder didn't like the slow pace and urged her to move faster, but Toph didn't want to risk tripping and hurting herself even more. She gave a sigh of relief when she made it to the bathroom and opened the door, only to find both stalls were occupied. The room smelled pretty bad too.

She knocked on one of the doors. "You gonna be long?" she asked.

"Chief? I-" Toph recognised the voice on the other side of the door as belonging to one of her younger officers, Min. "...I might be a while."

"Me too," a voice said from the other stall. "Sorry."

Toph sighed as she shifted her weight from one stinging foot to the other. She knew the food poisoning was to blame for this and there really wasn't much she could do. Her bladder throbbed but she clenched it into submission. She would just have to wait.

She headed slowly back into the main room and flagged down her assistant on the way to her office. Han Fu got up quickly and followed her with a stack of hastily arranged papers in his hands. "I assume you'll want to write up an arrest report?" he asked as Toph sat down at her desk.

Toph was glad to get the weight off her feet, but not too happy about not getting a chance to relieve herself. She crossed her legs tightly and nodded. "Sure, let's do that. But first, tell someone outside to keep an eye on the bathroom and let me know when it's free. I need to piss like an elephant horse."

Han Fu did as he was told and soon the two of them were going over her paperwork and signing documents. This was Toph's least favourite part of the job given that she couldn't read any of the papers she was signing. Toph greatly disliked needing help with anything.

As they went over the papers, Toph's need grew, and still nobody came in to tell her that the bathroom was free. She squeezed her thighs as her bladder pleaded with her for release. She needed to go so bad!

Soon she was tapping her fingers on the desk as Han Fu read off another document. She was having a whole lot of trouble concentrating on her work at the moment. She rubbed a hand against her thigh and shifted in her seat. Damn that food poisoning!

"Chief?"

"Hm?"

"Do you think maybe that's enough for today? You seem distracted." Han Fu sounded worried. This wasn't uncommon for people when they were around Toph in one of her bad moods. "I think some of this can wait until tomorrow if you wanted to head home."

She wanted to say no, to get the paperwork over with so she wouldn't have to worry about it later. But her bladder throbbed and she found herself pressing her legs tightly together to stave off another wave of desperation. She wasn't going to be able to work like this, and the bathrooms didn't seem like they were going to be free any time soon. Maybe going home wasn't such a bad idea.

She let Han Fu pack up all her paperwork as she got up from her chair. It took a moment to make sure her bladder wasn't going to release all over the floor when she stood up, but she managed it alright. I'll just check if the bathroom's free before I go...

But when she got into the bathroom both stalls were still occupied. "That bad, huh?" she asked the room in general, to which one of the women replied with a muffled groan. "Fuck."

So Toph left the headquarters and started on her journey home. She didn't live too far away from her work, but with a full bladder and Toph barely being able to walk at a snail sloth's pace due to her bandaged feet, it felt like she lived an entire continent away. She wanted to speed things up, but she was having enough trouble as it was making sure she didn't bump into anyone or anything.

She was doing fairly well at controlling her aching bladder until she was run into by a woman who was apparently in a big rush to get somewhere. Toph felt her bladder spasm and spurt slightly into her pants as she leaned over with a groan. Oh, that was not good.

"Mind watching where you're going?" the other woman said angrily, but as Toph stood up straighter and the angry woman got a good look at who she'd bumped into, her voice faltered. "Oh, uh, Chief Beifong. I didn't realise..."

Toph glared and the woman's voice faded away. "Be more careful next time," Toph finally said when she felt that she'd made the woman uncomfortable enough. She would have harassed her more under normal circumstances, but Toph's bladder was screaming at her now and it was taking all of her effort not to squirm and mess up her menacing stature. Luckily the other woman scampered off and Toph sagged, shifting her weight back and forth in an attempt to make it through this wave of desperation. She wanted nothing more than to squat down behind one of the trees next to her and let loose, but public urination was illegal and the chief of police certainly couldn't be caught doing it. She spurted into her pants again and groaned, clamping down as best she could. She was so close to home now, she could make it.

Toph began walking again once she felt her bladder was under enough control. She picked up the pace a bit now that she felt the threat of wetting herself was greater than that of her bumping into something. Besides, she'd walked this path a million times going to and from work. She knew where all the streets and lampposts were.

Each step was agony and sent a shockwave of urgency up into her bladder. It wasn't long before she spurted again, more heavily this time, but she managed to stem the flow. Oh, she was not going to wet herself in public. That was definitely not a Toph Beifong thing to do.

She thanked the spirits that her uniform had such a long top that it covered her legs to her knees. She was dribbling periodically into her pants now and was certain people would have otherwise noticed her slowly losing control.

She should have just used the men's room.

She was so close to her house now she could smell it, but she was also quickly losing her grasp on her bladder. She peed heavily and audibly into her pants, but stopped herself once again, feeling the wetness travel slightly down her thighs. She didn't think anyone was close enough to hear it, but she couldn't be sure. She picked up her pace and felt more spurts escape her throbbing bladder, but the gate to her front yard was only steps away. If she could just make it...

Toph burst through the gate of her yard just as her bladder burst into her pants. She stumbled in and sagged against the fence, urine pouring heavily down her legs and splashing onto the grass beneath her. Toph couldn't believe she was actually wetting herself, but she had at least made it off the street and onto her own property.

There was no point in trying to stop it now, and Toph didn't really want to. She groaned and leaned forward with her hands on her knees, letting her bladder empty itself onto the ground under her feet. Her pants were soaked and so were the bandages covering the cuts on her feet. Urine poured over them causing them to sting sharply, but the pain was far from Toph's mind as the relief from her bladder became more and more prominent.

She stood there for some time, letting the urine stream out of her. Fuck, she had needed to pee so bad and now that she was doing it, it was one of the most blissful sensations she had experienced.

Eventually her stream died down. The ground had soaked up most of her urine, but the wet grass beneath her feet squelched as she stood up straighter. She felt so much better, but fuck. Toph had just pissed her pants. She growled as she made her way into the house, slamming the door behind her.

She didn't know who yet, but somebody was going to pay for this.

