Spying on Dottie

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2013-02-10 03:57

Johnnie put a finger to his lips, as he opened the closet door. Pushing aside some hanghing jeans, he motioned for me to look. At first I didn't see anywhere to look; then my eye caught a small hole in the back wall. I knelt under the hanger rack and pressed my eye to the peep hole. Dottie was just placing her homework books on her desk. Then she unfastened her skirt and dropped it to the floor. Stepping out of it, she bent over to retrieve it, giving me a perfect glimpse of her perfect round bottom in perfect ruffeled panties. I think those kind of panties are called rumba panties. A lot of girls wore them; they were supposed to give them a fuller look in the butt. It worked for Dottie. Her blouse followed her skirt and I could see that her training bra was actually beginning to fill out. NICE! Dottie pulled on a tee shirt and shorts and left the room. I didn't know exactly why, but my peepee was hard and I was involuntarily rubbing it.

"What do you think?" queried Johnnie. I couldn't answer for grinning. Dottie was the girl I dreamed about, even if she regarded me as a twin worm to her brother. Fifth grade girls are so stuck up. But when Dottie was around, I couldn't keep my eyes off her. No doubt about it; this boy was in love!

The spying was repeated regularly, and I discovered that sometimes my underpants got sort of wet and sticky after watching Dottie. There was also a wierd exploding feeling in my peepee, just before it went limp. What other mysteries did life hold in store?

One day, Johnnie and I snuck into Dottie's room and Johnnie pulled a pair of her panties out of the laun dry hamper and held them out. My shaking hand took them. These were actually Dopttie's panties! Dottie actually wore therm! Her perfect bottom actually filled out this back part! This narrow part actually touched the mysteries between Dottie's legs! This dampn ess was actually...."They're wet," I exclaimed to Johnnie. "I know," Johnnie replied knowingly; "Sometimes Dottie wets her panties walking home from school." I knew the routine. Everyone hated the school bathrooms -- dirgty, no doors on the stalls. We all tried to make it home to peepee. Johnnie and I both had had more than one accident walking home, and perhaps once or twice, with me, at least, it wasn't really an accident; but it just felt so good to....Wait a minute; this is Dottie's story.

One day we actually saw Dottie wet herself. She and her friends always walked in front of us -- fifth graders, you know; they wouldn't deign to let mere forth graders to tread the sacred earth in front of them. Then, too, the "scenery" was really good from behind, if you know what I mean. All that roundness! My, O my! Anyway, Dottie and her friends were talking and laughing, when Dottie bent and grabbed herself under her skirt. "You're peeing yourself!" giggled one of the girls. Glancing back in our direction, the girls went instantly silent and moved on. As we passed the spot whete Dottie had stood the moment before, there was a puddle on the sidewalk. It was true! Dottie had actually wet her panties!

Dottie walked kind of funny into the house, and as soon as she was outy of sight, we ran to Johnnie's closet. Dottie must have been holding all day; her panties were really yellow -- and really wet! Once again, I had died and gone to Heaven. Dottie patted herself dry, put on play clothes, and left the room.

Johnnie was just about to open the closet door, when it flew open, and Dottie grabbed us both by our shirts. Dottie surely was strong for a girl! Dragging us into her room, she closed and locked the door. That's when I realized that I was wetting my pants, too. Yup, right there in front of Dottie -- in my pants, down my legs, into my shoes, onto the floor. This time I had died and gone to hell. Wrong again. Hell was yet to come.

Quicker than I can tell it, Dottie sat down on the bed, pulled Johnnie's pants and underpants down, and threw him across her lap. Whap! Whap! Whap! Whap! Johnnie's bottom grew pink, then red, and still the spanking continued. When Dottie finally let Johnnie up, he was sobbing. He started to pull up his pants, but Dottie said, "Leave them down; stand over there and watch." I knew this boded no good for me.

How right I was! Dottie repeated the above routine on me, with similar results to Johnnie. Johnnie and I both stood there, pants down, bottoms red, crying.

Out came Dottie's camera. Click. Click. "Don't you dare move!" Click, click, click. "Put these on," ordered Dottie, handing Johnnie her wet panties. Johnnie opened his mouth to protest, but wisely closed again, and complied. Click. Click. Click. Johnnie looked really funny in Dottier's wet rumba panties. The humor passed me by, however, as I klnew my time was next. Click. Click. Click.

Dottie sat back down on the bed, looked at both of us, and asked, "What just happened?" Johnnie started in to recount everything, adding that he would tell his parents, when Dottie dropped the othe show. Holding up her camera, Dottie smiled and said, "They'll love these pictures at school." If I hadn't already emptied my bladder, I would have right then. Johnnie did, right there, on the floor. "Clean it up!"

"How?"

"With your pants!" Johnnie pulled off his pants, knelt down, and went to work. Thank Heavens it wasn't me!

"Now," Dottie continued, "Let me tell you what actually happened." Johiine and I held our breaths. "Nothing happened," Dottie stated; "Understand me?" I wasn't sure; Johnnie occupied himself with sleaning up his pee. "Nothing happened. We came home from school, I did a load of laundy, and we did our homework."

"What about the pictures?" This from Johnnie. "I'll keep the film; maybe I'll develop it, maybe I won't. We'll see. Got it!" O, yes! we got it. Never happened -- never, ever!

Tentitively I pulled up my pants to leave. "One more thing," Dottie said. I stopped dead in my tracks; Johnnie hadn't moved. "That peep hole goes both ways; ask any of my friends." And Dottie, smirking, flounced out of the room, leaning Johnnie and me to wonder.

Finis.

