Daniel and Amy - Page 18

Author: Barry

*429*2016-08-26 11:23

Chapter 23:

Amy had felt his cock twitching in her hand, but in her innocence, didn't realise what it signified. She let go of him, her attention more on Nikki, as she slid forward to join her friends in the pool. If she had of turned to Dan, she would've seen his eyes go wide, then squint tightly closed for a second, and undoubtedly would have noticed his mouth hanging open as he drew in a deep shuddering breath, while blushing fiercely.

Dan's orgasm had been fairly substantial. It had been building up all day, his level of arousal gradually increasing with each wetting incident that they had experienced between them. But while he knew he was getting increasingly turned on, he hadn't for a moment considered that an orgasm had been on the cards. He had pushed his erection against Amys back, that had been the first trigger, feeling the close contact of the girl he loved pushing back against him, but when she had grabbed his member, he had suddenly gone to the next level, and kind of knew that he was building up to something bigger than a hard on.

But he'd only been masturbating properly for a couple of weeks, and was still learning about how his body behaved, and he hadn't mastered a lot of control yet. When Amy had grabbed him, he had vaguely thought in the back of his mind that perhaps he should pull away, but Damn! It had felt so good. Then when he had seen Nikki wetting herself, the added visual stimulation had been too much, and he had felt wave after wave of pleasure washing over him, seemingly starting from his feet, and exploding upwards in an unstoppable tsunami of pleasure, which had ended with him pumping at least three big shots of his essence into Amys hand, which had thankfully been protected by his shorts. But he really wished that he had been wearing underpants as well. God only knows what his shorts were going to look like, particularly the inside of them.

As the girls started giggling with each other, he frantically examined the water for any signs of what he had done. He didn't know if semen floated or not, or whether it would stay in his pants, and he didn't want to see his jizz floating around the pool. He actually felt fairly disgusted with himself, almost as if he had taken a shit in the water. He wanted them out of the pool. Now. Not finding any evidence of his misdeed, he walked towards the girls, not quite hearing Nikki who was gabbling excitedly.

"Oh my God! I did it! Did you see? Could you tell what I was doing? I was like so scared that the lifeguard over there could like somehow tell or something. He looked at me as I sat down, and I nearly just jumped in the water, but I peed a bit as I sat down. Accidentally too! I didn't mean to, I was trying to hold it, but I really wet myself a bit, so I just went through with it. Oh fuck, it's awesome isn't it? Peeing your pants in public? Much, much better than doing it in the shower!"

Amy was agreeing with her, and laughing at how excited and happy the girl sounded. Even though he was scared that his own overreaction might be discovered due to floating evidence, Nikkis enthusiasm was catching, and he couldn't help laughing with them.

"Come on girls, let's get out now. You were right, it is getting colder. Let's go get changed, then hit the dry rides again."

"Yeah, you're right Catholic boy. I had kinda planned on doing a wetting in my wet pants on one of the rides, but I don't think I want to anymore. I want to put a nappy on now."

Nikki looked bashfully at Amy. "Amy, I don't like asking, but have you got another spare one? I'd kinda like to wear one again if you have a spare?"

"Sorry Nik, I've only got two left now, and I need to keep a spare. How about you Danny?"

"I'm the same. Only got two Moli's left, but I've got a Goodnight in my bag if you wanna wear that?"

Nikkis eyes widened. "A Goodnight? Really? Oh yes please! They're the ones I used to wear to bed years ago! I miss them sooo much! Thank you Danny!"

Amy interrupted her then. "Just remember Nik, Goodnights won't hold up like what the grown up ones do, and boys ones are padded differently as well. You'll be okay for leaking a bit, just don't like fully piss yourself, or your pants will get wet."

All Dan wanted, was to get out of the bloody water, and he gently herded the chattering girls towards the edge of the pool as they continued discussing the pros and cons of "kiddie pull ups." He hoisted himself up and out of the water, and cast a tentative eye over the crotch of his wet red shorts, mentally flinching at the thought that they might be visibly coated with his ejaculate, and he was mightily relieved to find that they weren't. He felt a bit sticky, but there wasn't any stain. Turning back to the pool, he offered his hand and helped the girls out one at a time.

As they walked back towards the locker rooms, he was mostly silent as the girls continued their in depth conversation about kiddie pull ups, lost in his own thoughts and emotions. His accident, followed by the long walk through the busy park, had vividly bought back memories of his pants wetting accident in K-Mart when he was little. Walking around a busy place, having noticeably done something bad in his pants, and feeling as if every eye was upon him, and there was nothing he could do about it. Even though his current accident was apparently invisible, he still felt as if everyone could tell exactly what he'd done.

But his silence went unnoticed, and nobody so much as glanced at him. He left the girls waiting outside, hurried to his locker where he took a Goodnight in a plastic bag from his backpack, and took it back to Nikki, who again thanked him profusely.

Safely back inside again, he decided that he needed a quick shower, so he took his pack into the cubicle, and gratefully shut the door. Suddenly aware of the fact that he could easily pee again, he stood over the drain and let go, emptying his bladder in his pants, and shivering as the hot urine ran down his legs and over his feet. Turning on the water he grabbed a small bar of soap from his bag and stepped under the warm water. He rubbed the soap quickly over his body, and included the front of his shorts as he did so. Only after rinsing off, did he finally remove his shorts and check the inside of them. He was dismayed to find a sticky patch clinging to the inner fabric, so he quickly used the soap to scrub them clean, followed by his own pubic area, paying particular attention to his little patch of hair. Only then did he finally feel clean again.

Thankfull for the privacy that the shower provided him, he towelled himself quickly dry, stepped into a clean pull up, then dressed himself again in dry orange shorts and a black t-shirt with an AC/DC logo on the chest. Heaving a deep sigh of relief, he was surprised at the change in his attitude over the last few weeks. Only a few weeks ago, he had been nervous and uncomfortable about wearing any protection outside of his house, including his Goodnights to school, but now, he actually felt much safer and secure when he was padded. It seemed like he was really coming to terms with wearing a diaper, and he felt better in one. Making sure that his nappy was properly hidden, he packed up his bag, and prepared to go out and meet the girls.

After Dan had handed Nikki his spare Goodnight, the girls had entered their own locker room. Taking their bags out, Nikki had simply pulled her shirt off, openly exposing her undeveloped chest, then just as easily dropped her pants. Standing comfortably in her nudity in front of Amy, she pulled her panties out of her shorts, and examined them.

"Yep, clean again! I thought all the water would rinse them out enough!" She held them out for Amy to inspect.

The older girl was a bit nonplussed by her friends attitude. One minute she could be so shy and unsure of herself, the next, she could stand comfortably in the nude while talking about her previously pee stained knickers. Amy couldn't help but cast her eyes over her friends body. Nikki didn't have much in the way of breasts, but she had a decent thatch of pubic hair, and her hips were starting to fill out, even if she still was pencil thin. Nikki used a dry towel to start drying her hair, making no effort to cover herself up.

Amy started drying her own hair, while Nikki slipped her dry dress back on. Only then did she show some modesty, looking quickly around before quickly opening up the Goodnight, stepping into it, and pulling it up underneath her dress.

"Hurry up Amy! I want another ride on the Abyss before we go!"

Laughing at her friends enthusiasm, and emboldened by her openness, Amy grabbed the hem of her own shorts, and prepared to pull them down. It was only a last second realisation that she was wearing a swim diaper under her shorts that stopped her from exposing it, and then having to explain why she was wearing one.

"Gotta go to the loo Nik," she muttered, feeling a blush creeping into her cheeks. Nikki didn't know about her occasional tummy problems and soiling issues, and Amy didn't want to explain. Grabbing her bag quickly, she disappeared into a toilet stall and changed in there, bagging her wet swimmer and hiding it in her bag, and putting on a grown up pull up again, before putting her own dress back on. If Nikki thought there was anything strange about her friends sudden shyness, she didn't say anything about it. Whilst in there, Amy did actually take the chance to move her bowels, and again her bladder emptied, although there wasn't much left in her. Feeling relieved, her and Nikki went outside, and were a bit surprised to find that Dan wasn't already waiting for them, although he appeared about five minutes later.

"Had a quick shower," he explained, and was pleased that neither girl seemed to find that at all unusual.

They hit the rides again, with Amy being the only one to suffer some slight leakage on the roller coaster. It was only minimal, and gravity seemed to just drag a few dribbles out of her as they were flung around.

All too soon it was time to leave. They secretly compared the state of their respective diapers, with Nikki admitting that she was again needing to pee, but was still dry. When asked why she hadn't tried her Goodnight out, she replied "I wanted to keep it dry actually. I'm gonna wear it to bed tonight."

They left the park, just as Sonia pulled up in the passenger pick up zone out the front. She smiled to herself as she listened to the kids happily chattering away about what a great day they'd had. Rather than go back to Amys house, Sonia acted as the taxi driver, and dropped Dan and Nikki off at their respective houses.

Later that night, Dan showered again, this time washing his hair. He dressed in his new footie pyjamas, although reluctantly, feeling very self conscious about wearing them in front of his father, fearing his dad would laugh at him. Peter did do a bit of a double take, seeing his fourteen year old son wearing little kid-style pyjamas, particularly as Dans thicker, tape up diaper had its waistband slightly sticking out of his pants, but he didn't react negatively. Dan still felt kind of weird though, as well as very tired after his big day, so he retired to his room fairly early. He had seemed a bit quiet since coming home, but didn't appear to be upset or anything, and his parents put it down to him just being tired, so when he announced he was going to bed after dinner, they just accepted it without question.

Alone in his room, he switched his laptop on, and while it booted up, he took his pacifier from his drawer, and contentidley sucked on it. Once his computer was fired up, he did a Google search on the exact definition of "Hand Jobs," and deduced that it pretty much described what Amy had done to him in the pool. He didn't know yet whether or not he was going to tell her. Part of him wanted to, while part of him felt a touch of shame. He would think about it, he decided.

He got into bed, and read his book for awhile, but his mind kept creeping back to Amy making him cum while he watched Nikki wet herself. Soon, he was erect inside his night nappy, and couldn't help but undo the tapes to allow his right hand some easier access. After he'd finished, he made sure to do the tapes up properly again, remembering what had happened when he'd fallen asleep with them undone.

It was a good thing he did too. That night, all the drink he'd consumed during the day came back to haunt him.

He fell asleep sucking on his pacifier, wearing a thick tape on diaper under his footie pyjamas, and completely wet himself, not once, but twice as he slept. But the big diaper did its job, and when his alarm went off, he woke up with his dummy on the pillow beside his head, and a saturated nappy on, but he hadn't leaked.

It was Monday again, and time for school.

*430*2016-08-26 11:24

{{12 hours ago, alexwbj said:

In part yes. And I'm also being my own inner voice, because I came as I read the ending, just as Danny did. Although I've immensely enjoyed this whole story to date, as far as I can remember this was my first come while reading it. Thank you Danny, Amy and Nikki!

}}

The ultimate compliment you can give the author! Lol. I feel successful!

*434*2016-08-27 01:27

Chapter 24:

Life went on.

The kids didn't see a lot of each other over the next week. Of course they spoke on the phone, or via text every day, just not in person. Dans incontinence was still hard to judge. After waking up saturated on Monday, he was dry on Tuesday morning, wet on Wednesday, then dry again the next two nights. He had one minor leak at school that was well contained by his Goodnight, but he had a big accident at home after school on Wednesday.

That one was freaky. It seemed to come out of nowhere. He had been playing handball outside, hitting a tennis ball against the side of the house, still wearing his pull up underneath his school uniform. He was barefoot, having removed his socks and shoes when he got home, and had decided to play outside for awhile after he had finished his homework, and before it got dark.

He swore to his mother afterwards that he hadn't even needed to go when he had first stepped outside. But the concrete was cold under his feet, and suddenly, out of nowhere, he had needed to pee. There had been only about fifteen minutes of daylight left, and not having had any big accidents for a while, (at least not ones that he hadn't set himself up for,) he decided to ignore his need for a few minutes rather than go inside. Of course he could've gone behind the shed, but the lawn sprinklers were on, so he couldn't walk across the lawn.

It hadn't felt too bad at first, just a bit uncomfortable. Then he missed the ball that was rebounding towards him, and it had rolled onto the grass, right under the arc of the sprinkler. Standing out of the sprinklers arcing spray, he subconsciously started grabbing his crotch.

"Ah shit," he thought to himself, "I'm gonna have to go. I'll just get my ball first..."

He waited for the spray to pass him, going clockwise, then ran onto the lawn, following the rotating sprinkler head as it twisted itself around. "Got it," he thought, as he made it to where the ball was sitting, then looked up in horror as he realised that another sprinklers arc was overlapping the one he had been following. He couldn't go forwards or backwards without running straight through a strong jet of water, and he knew his mother would be pissed at him for getting his school clothes wet. Momentarily panicking, he froze on the spot, and lost his concentration regarding his bladder.

The second arc of water hit him square in the face with an icy blast, and he stepped back involuntarily, straight into the first stream, that had by now turned 360 degrees and was now behind him. Another cold jet of water hit him in the back, instantly soaking the back of his thin cotton shirt, causing him to emit a high pitched squeal of surprise. He jumped forwards again, and attempted to run in front of the pursuing jet of water, but running on wet grass with bare feet can be hazardous, and he slipped, nearly falling in a puddle.

It was the slip that ultimately caused it. His bladder released without him even realising it at first, and he was wetting himself heavily before he was even aware of what was happening. Not having time to even think about it, he had no choice but to gather his feet together, and run back to the safety of the cement, being chased by the following arc of water, and feeling his pull up swell, then give up, and he had pee running down his legs. By the time he was safely out of the way of the sprinkler, he had lost all control, and couldn't stop, having no choice but to stand still, and watch his grey shorts growing darker between his legs, and a puddle forming between his feet.

Sue had chosen that particular moment to come outside, to tell her son that dinner was nearly ready, and he should wash his hands, only to find him standing in a puddle of pee in wet pants, and staring at his feet.

"Daniel! What the hell are you doing mate?"

"Mum, I've wet myself...."

"I can see that Dan. But why? The bloody toilet is just in there," she proclaimed, pointing at the laundry room door, "How could you possibly do that right here?"

Dan actually started to cry. "I'm sorry mum. I didn't mean to. I was trying to get my ball back, and the sprinkler got me, and it just sorta happened! I didn't do it on purpose, please don't tell dad...."

The sight of her son in tears calmed her down, and while she felt annoyed at him, she knew that he couldn't help it, it was just such a stupid place to have an accident. There was a perfectly good toilet only a few meters away. But as he haltingly explained how he had got trapped, then squirted by the sprinklers, she started to see the funny side of it, and couldn't stay mad for long. He was sent up for a shower and told to put his pyjamas on, and when Pete came home, neither of them mentioned it.

Dan went to Amys house for dinner the following Friday, but only stayed for a few hours. They didn't have the chance to play very much, but Amy did deliberately wet her nappy while she and Dan watched TV, and she told him she was doing it. This of course bought the subject up, and they talked about it for awhile. By now, Dan too could see the funny side of his accident on Wednesday, and when he told Amy, they shared a laugh about it.

The discussion took place as they sat in their favourite position on the couch, Amy laying back, with her feet on his lap. She was wearing her pink sweat pants and thick pink socks, and of course Dan was rubbing her feet. She had spread her legs when she peed her diaper, and he had watched her crotch closely for any leaks, but saw none. The knowledge of what she had done, combined with the pleasure he got from rubbing her feet had made him go hard in his own Goodnight. He had left it on after school, as it was still dry, and he wasn't expecting to have to use it unnecessarily or on purpose. It would be sufficient to stop any little leaks.

"Didya hear how Nikki got on after Sunday? Did she have any accidents when she got home, or try the pull up?"

Amy laughed. "She told me that we were right! Drinking heaps and just wetting all day did affect her. She said she couldn't stop running to the toilet all night! She didn't have any accidents though. Apparently she put her wet panties on and peed in the shower before she went to bed. Oh God Dan, you should've seen the panties she wore on Sunday! She showed me when we were getting changed. She'd been wearing them to pee in the shower with all week, and they were so stained! She's a funny girl, Nikki. She seems so quiet sometimes, but she's definitely got a naughty side. Remember when she wet herself sitting on the edge of the pool?"

Dan remembered all right. He mumbled his response, and Amy looked at him inquiringly. "What's up mate?"

Dan sighed. Part of him had wanted to share his experience with his girlfriend, but he felt ashamed about it as well. But after a bit more gentle probing from her, he decided to open up.

"Ames, ahh, I've gotta, ahh, like tell ya something."

"What's up Catholic boy? Go on, talk to me."

"Well, it's like, ahh, something happened to me when Nikki peed her pants, and you kinda helped it happen," Amy raised an inquisitive eyebrow, but didn't speak, just motioned for him to continue.

"Well, if you remember, you had just wet your pants as well. By accident. And it was so hot! Fuck Amy, I love watching you do that! Anyway, when we were in the pool, I was really turned on..."

"I know you were sweetie, I felt you, remember?"

"Yeah. Well that's kinda the thing. You were holding my thing, and when Nikki wet herself, you kinda squeezed me a bit, and, ahh, well, I kinda had a sorta accident I guess."

"Whaddya mean accident? I would've felt you peeing, and I know you didn't shit yourself?"

"No Ames. I came in my pants....."

Amy snorted, "What? No way! You didn't did you?" She giggled, but not unkindly, more in shock than anything.

"I did. I blew a load in my shorts while you were holding my thing. I Googled it when I got home, and technically, you gave me my first ever hand job!"

"Oh my God Danny! That is so freaking awesome! Really? Oh shit! I can't believe it." She laughed again, "And you actually GOOGLED it?"

Dan looked sheepish. "Yeah, I know it sounds kinda weird, but I didn't know what to think. Over the last month, I've gone from wet dreams, to learning how to play with myself properly, to cumming in my nappy when we played, and then this! It was only a month ago that I'd never cum while I was awake, but now, it's getting almost too easy for me!"

Amy lowered her voice, and looked at him directly. "What was it like Dan? You know, having someone else do it to you?"

"Well I didn't like where or how it happened, but it felt really good though. I'd never choose to do it like in public again though, and I'd rather not do it in my pants."

"What about without your pants Dan? Would you like it then? Or maybe in your nappy? Would you like it if I did it to you in private, like just the two of us?"

He smiled back, and gently squeezed her foot. "Only if I could do it to you as well."

She sat up straight, took his hand, and guided it down between her legs, and pushed it hard against her. Dan could feel her swollen diaper squishing under her pants. "I'd like that I think," she said, and then they kissed.

They didn't see each other again for a little while. It was Petes last weekend of being home for another six weeks, so Dan and him spent as much time together as possible. They went to the football together, they went out to dinner with Sue, and just generally hung around, enjoying each other's company. Dan loved his dad, and craved as much time with him as he could get, so he enjoyed it while it lasted.

But he couldn't help but notice how often his thoughts turned towards Amy, and wishing that she was there as well. He almost asked his father a few times if they could ask her to come with them, but he understood how his father was enjoying their time together as well, and he didn't want to make his dad think that he'd rather be with his girlfriend, even though, at times, he did.

*437*2016-08-28 09:41

Chapter 25:

Pete flew out the following Wednesday, so it was just Dan and Sue at home now, for the next six weeks at least. Fly out day was always hard, but there were no tears, they were all used to it. But, as always, a pall of mild depression seemed to settle over the Jacobs household, at least for a couple of days. Dan had kissed his dad goodbye before catching the bus to school, and spent the next day in a funk.

By Friday morning however, his mood had improved, as only the mood of a teenager could. He woke up dry, and for the third day in a row. He was definitely starting to see a lessening of his sleep wetting incidents. He continued to have occasional drips or leaks during the days though, and came very close to an embarrassing one while at school.

His closest call occurred during English class on Friday morning. He had peed at morning recess, but felt himself needing to go again. Of course the teacher, knowing about his problem, didn't hesitate to give him permission to go. As he had stood up from his desk, he felt himself leak a bit, and had to concentrate on not grabbing himself, or making a big scene, instead, just calmly walking to the door, as he trickled into his pull up.

Once outside the classroom however, he clamped a hand onto the front of his shorts, just like a desperate little kid would, and hurried away, pausing at his locker to grab his bag. He had a stash of Goodnights in the nurses office, but hated going there. He'd only do that if he needed to change during lunch or recess, and the toilets would be busy. He always got the feeling that the nurse looked at him funny, and if any of his friends saw him going in or out, they would inevitably ask him what was wrong.

Besides, he had dry pants and boxers in his bag, and he thought that he might need them.

Holding his bag in front of him, he hurried down the corridor, feeling another dribble escaping. Most times his incontinence was more of a sudden desperation / loss of control thing, but occasionally he became what he called "leaky." This was one of those times. While he needed to pee, he didn't feel like he was at his maximum point, and he would usually think of this as the start of "The Danger Zone," where he still had time, although not a lot of it, but judging by the way his pull up was feeling warmer and starting to sag, he knew that this was different.

He hurried into the boys room, and had to stop and hunch over, as a bigger, stronger jet of pee shot out. That one signified that a total loss of control was imminent. Stepping around the internal wall, he saw that one stall was occupied, so he went into another one, as far away as he could get.

He shut and locked the door, and was hanging his bag on the door hook as the dam burst. He yanked his shorts and boxers down, but didn't have time to undo the crotch strap of his onesie, and just sat down on the toilet, as he lost all control.

Sitting down opened up the leg guards of his pull up, and within seconds he had urine dripping out of his onesie, tinkling loudly as it dripped into the bowl.

As he sat there, peeing hard in his leaking pull up, he cautiously examined his pants, but was surprised and pleased to find that they were still completely dry. His Goodnight had done its job. When he had eventually finished peeing, he got a large handful of toilet paper, and blotted the saturated crotch of his onesie dry, before gingerly undoing the press studs, wincing at the feeling of the wet fabric. Using the wad of paper, he squeezed it dry as best he could.

While he was doing this, he heard the other toilet flush, then the door open and close. After he heard the taps go on and off, he quickly went through the awkward process of getting changed in the stall. To get his wet onesie off, he had to remove his shirt and tie, so he stood there, shorts and boxers puddled around his feet, while he took his upper clothing off. Only after his shirt was back on again, did he remove his pull up, then used some wet wipes from his bag to wipe himself down with.

It was a slow process, but ten minutes later, with his onesie and wet pull up safely stashed in a plastic bag, along with the used wipes, and hidden in his back pack, he was able to re-enter the classroom, wearing a fresh Goodnight beneath his shorts. He noticed the teacher eyeing him off a bit, probably checking to see if he'd wet himself at all, but apart from raising an inquisitive eye, nothing was said.

Rather than upset him, the fact that he'd dodged a bullet only improved his mood. It had been a close call, but he'd kept his pants dry, and nobody had seen him. Ali invited him to play football at lunchtime, so he spent time happily playing with his friends, who he seemed to be getting on better with every day. The photos he'd sent his mates from Adventure World, showing him having fun with not only Amy, but Nikki as well, had only further enhanced his reputation. The boys had started to see him as a kind of Romeo figure, and kept asking him what his secret was when it came to meeting pretty girls.

Scott, in particular, had taken quite a shine to the pictures of Nikki, and kept casually hinting to Dan that he'd like to meet her, even suggesting that perhaps Amy could set them up, and they could go on a double date together. Dan had agreed that he would put the feelers out, and gauge any potential interest on her behalf.

The boys had a change of schedule after lunch. All three year eight classes were to report for a group meeting in the auditorium, where some sort of announcement was to be made. Before the lunch time siren went, Dan made sure to go to the toilet again, fearing a replay of the mornings close call could occur.

Around eighty boys, all aged between thirteen to fifteen, made their way into the room. It appeared that they weren't expected to remain in their usual class groups, so the four boys, Dan, Scott, Matt and Ali, all managed to take their seats together. Father Ryan stood at the podium, and waited for the kids, mostly still hyped up from running around in the playground, took their seats, and gradually the chatter subsided.

"Gentleman," the elderly priest began, "May I have your attention for a few moments please?" This was enough to quell the whispers and shuffling of feet. Once he was satisfied, Father Ryan continued.

"Thank you. I won't keep you long, as I'm sure that you're all eager to return to your home rooms and continue expanding your education," he said with a wry smile, and managed to elicit a quiet chuckle from his audience. "But we are having this meeting, so I can pass on some good news. I am very pleased to announce that the planning of the year eight winter camp has been finalised! This year, you boys will be travelling south to Camp Jackson, just outside of Bridgetown, where you will spend two nights staying in shared cabin accomodation, and experiencing the delights of the local area, including bushwalking, archery, fishing, mountain biking and an outdoor survival course. You will be staying in a shared cabin accomodation, with each cabin sleeping between four to eight students, with bunk beds. And yes, the cabins are heated. There are communal shower and toilet facilities, and a large kitchen, where all meals are prepared. Mr Richardson, if you will...."

Mr Richardson, one of the other home room teachers, took his lead, and walked down the middle aisle, handing the boy on each end a stack of folders, urging him to take one, and pass the rest on.

Father Ryan continued his speech, "Now gentlemen, the folders you are now receiving, contain some important documents. There is a copy of our planned itinerary, a list of clothing and personal items you will be required to bring, the all important permission slip, that your parents or care givers MUST sign, and return, with payment, in the envelope provided, no later than two weeks time. There is a list for them to complete, stating any particular dietary requirements or medical issues that the school must be made aware of, as well as some pictures of the camp and facilities.

As eighty excited kids started opening the folders, Father Ryan tried in vain to keep their excitement in check, warning them not to lose anything, and make sure everything was read and understood. After a few more salient points were addressed, the boys were released back into the care of their respective home room teachers, and started to shuffle out, laughing and joking excitedly.

However, not every boy was overjoyed by the news. As they filed out of the room, a careful observer could have easily picked out two obvious exceptions.

Dan and Scott were both a lot more subdued than their classmates, as if they had something worrying on their minds.

*440*2016-08-29 04:27

Chapter 26:

"I just don't wanna go mum. That's it!"

Sue put her fork down, and looked across the table at her son. She still thought of him as her "little boy," and at times like this, it was kind of easy to see why. He was wearing his footie pyjamas and a tape up diaper, and was nearly on the verge of tears after unpacking his school bag and pulling out a wet pull up and onesie. He didn't want to go to camp, and looked very young and vulnerable right now, almost like a belligerent toddler who didn't want to eat his vegetables, not the same young man who proudly had a girlfriend who he constantly talked about.

"I know mate. But you can't avoid these things forever. You've got another four years of school to go after this one, eventually you'll have to go to camp."

"No I don't," he said defiantly. "You let me skip grade six and seven camps, why is this one so bloody important to ya?"

Sues voice took on a harder edge. "Watch your language when you talk to me mate, or you'll find yourself grounded very quickly. If you want to see Amy tomorrow, you'll calm down. Now. Got it?"

He sighed, suitably chastised. "Sorry mum. But I don't know why I have to go. I missed the last two okay, so why now?"

"Danny, you're getting older. You're expected to do more stuff as you get older, and not just drop out. In year six, I had to see the principal, and explain about your night problems. She really wanted you to go, and offered a range of helpful suggestions, but you were adamant that you didn't want to, so I let you stay home. Then, do you remember last year. Grade seven at your old school?"

Dan nodded. That was around the time his day time accidents had started up again.

Sue continued. "You were actually looking forward to camp then, before your bladder started playing up. We had it all planned. You would sneak your pull ups in your sleeping bag, and it wouldn't be a problem with some help from the teachers. I paid for your trip, bought you a new sleeping bag and new clothes, then you didn't want to go anymore. It cost me a lot of money, just so you could spend three days moping around the house bored. And we had to lie to the school, telling them you were suddenly sick. Well I'm not doing that again this year Danny. This year, all your teachers know about your problems, and they've agreed to help you out in anyway they can. You're already wearing protection to school without a problem,"

Dan took that as an opportunity to interrupt, wanting to argue the point, "Yes but mum, I can't wear..."

"Shut up Dan. I'm taking now. Let me finish. Like I said, you're wearing protection to school, and it's working. You wet yourself today for Christs sake and got away with it because you were able to handle the situation in a mature manner, not like the other day, when you wet yourself outside the bloody toilet because you couldn't be bothered to stop playing with your bloody ball!"

Again he started to interrupt, and again he was quickly stopped by his mother.

"You've had two slumber parties with Amy, and even gone out without wearing any protection, and you've managed your problems very well, because you've had to! It seems to me like there are two Daniels sometimes, the big Daniel who is mature and responsible, and can face his problems with maturity and common sense, and the little Daniel who just forgets how things work in a grown up world, and wants to hide from his problems without dealing with them.

Hearing his mother use the words "Little Daniel" brought a big, deep flush to his cheeks. He knew that his mother was unaware of the kiddie games that he played with Amy, but it made him uncomfortable to hear her use their secret code words for pretending to be little kids. Sue noticed his blushing reaction, but misinterpreted it's cause.

"I'm sorry sweetheart, I didn't mean to make you feel like a baby, it's just that I know you can handle this thing, cause I see you do it daily, but then I see you have silly mishaps like the other day, ones that you simply shouldn't have, especially if you were paying attention like you should be."

Dan didn't cry, but his breath hitched in his throat a bit, and he could feel tears stinging the corners of his eyes. "I know mum. I already told you I was sorry for that. I didn't do it on purpose, but I know I shouldn't have done it at all. But that's why I'm scared. What if I get caught out at camp? What if we're doing some stupid activities and there's no toilets around? What if my Goodnight leaks? How am I gonna change for bed, or in the morning? It's just too bloody hard!"

Sue reached her hand out, placed it on the top of his, giving it a gentle squeeze.

"This is why I really think that you need to go Danny. To learn some responsibility, and how to manage yourself better. It's time you started taking some more control over your incontinence, and thinking about it more"

"I do think about it mum," he replied hotly. "It seems like it's all I think about sometimes, and I'm absolutely freaking sick of thinking about it!"

"So what do you plan on doing for the rest of your life mate?" Sue was calm, but curious. "Do you plan on just living at home forever, with me doing your washing for you? Do you plan on only ever going places where there's a toilet nearby? Do you plan on only ever hanging out with Amy, because she's the only other person who knows? Do you plan on working from home when you grow up, so you never have to leave the house anymore?"

"Of course not mum. Now you're just being stupid!"

"Oh. Stupid am I? I'm not the one who wets his pants while playing outside. And I'm not the one who won't man up and face his problem like a grown up should. You even told me how your mate from school wets the bed, but he still manages to go to camp. If he can do it, I don't know why you can't!"

"Scott's different mum. He only wets at night, and his mates know about it. They help him deal with it."

"But they're your mates too Daniel! At least they could be, if you'd only open up a bit and let them! You're always texting and chatting to them, and don't think I didn't see the Facebook post you sent them with Amy and the other girl kissing you...."

Dan dropped his fork, his mouth hanging open. "What? How? Whaddya mean?"

"Come on son. You know how Facebook works! I see stuff that you're tagged in to. I must say, a couple of your friends have worse potty mouths than you do!"

"Ah shit mum," he mumbled.

"Don't stress Danny. But the point I'm making, is your old enough to have a girlfriend and be seen kissing in public. You're mature enough to manage your problems on a daily basis, although admittedly a limited one. You've got friends who have to deal with it is well..."

Again he interrupted her. "I toldya mum. Scotts problem isn't as bad as mine, and..."

"Forget bloody Scott! What about your girlfriend? What about Amy? If your problems worse than Scotts, well Amys is worse than yours! She deals with it, why can't you?"

"Amy hasn't been to school camp either mum....."

"Okay. Fuck it. You know what? I'm done. Do whatever you want!" Sue almost yelled it out.

Hearing his mother drop what she always referred to as "The F Bomb," was a massive shock to Daniel. He'd only ever heard her use it a handful of times in his life. It was a true indication of just how upset she was getting, and when he looked closer, he could see that she had tears in her own eyes. Only then did he realise the depth of her feelings about the issue.

"Sorry mum. I don't mean to sound like a spoiled brat, but Amy hasn't been to camp. Not yet, anyway."

Sue sighed, trying to get a grip on her emotions again. She was mad at her son, although she knew that she probably shouldn't be.

"I'm sorry too, Danny. It's just I don't know what else to do. I try very hard to give you every opportunity. I bend over backwards to help you deal with your problems, and I'm not just talking about buying diapers either. But I try to help you, I don't criticise you, I just let you go, and be here if you need me. I do your washing, I change your sheets, I take you to the doctors, talk to your teachers, make excuses for you, anything I can do for you, I do."

Dan couldn't answer, afraid his voice may break with emotions, so he numbly nodded his head, while Sue kept talking.

"I just get frustrated sometimes mate. You're a hard kid to read sometimes. One moment you're dealing with your problems like a grown up, the next minute your putting yourself into situations where you have accidents that you simply shouldn't be having. A couple of weeks ago, you told me that you were thinking of wearing your big pull ups to school, and telling all your friends about them. That's after you cracked the sads initially about having to wear Goodnights to school.

Then, suddenly, you became quite happy to wear them, and even started to wear your bigger ones out with no problem. Now, you've got a chance to go on a great trip, where you CAN wear the bigger ones, even if you don't tell anyone about it, and you'd be going with your friends, friends that have experience with dealing with this sort of thing, but Bam!

Suddenly you're back to square one again, and you don't want to face up to it! I don't understand how the hell you expect to tell people about what underwear you've got on, but not be willing to actually try doing it in a safe environment! You could certainly hide them better underneath your casual clothes better than your uniform!

But I don't see why you'd need to anyway. Your little Goodnights seem to usually do a good enough job. Just wear those, with your black jeans or black sweatpants. It wouldn't be hard to put a big nappy on at bedtime either, especially if you told your friends that you're like Scott, and need too! I'm sure we could arrange for you, Scott and your buddies to share the same cabin."

A thoughtful expression had crossed his still somewhat childish looking features, but he didn't say anything. Deciding that she'd said enough on the topic for now, she concluded.

"Anyway mate. At the end of the day, it's your call. If you don't want to go, fine, don't go. But I'm telling you, I won't be lying to the school again, and you won't be staying home pretending to be sick. You'll keep going to school, and they'll put you in a year nine class for a few days. No, don't interrupt. That's exactly what it says in their parents letter. Here, read it for yourself."

She pushed the letter across the table, and he shuddered as he read it, confirming exactly what his mother had said.

"If, for any reason, your child is unable to attend this years camp, which is a curriculum activity, he will be expected to attend school as per normal. We will place him temporarily in a year nine class, and he will be expected to use the time for study and revision. During this time, he will not participate in any sports, music, information technology, drama, nor science activities or classes. If his designated class has these activities scheduled, your child will spend that time doing silent reading in the library. If your child has......"

Dan stopped reading, and the colour drained from his face a bit. He silently pushed the letter back to his mother. She had him over a barrel. He couldn't stay home, but would be placed in a big kids class. He didn't even know his way around their classes. They were in a seperate building on the other side of the school yard. The year sevens and eights were referred to as the juniors, and year nine and upwards were seniors, and pretty well segregated from the juniors campus. Even though those kids were only a year or two older than him, some of them looked like giants, and were physically intimidating to look at, at least for the juniors. The size difference between the smallest grade eights and the biggest year nines could be nothing short of incredible, even though the age gap was minimal. Dan paled at the thought of spending three days locked in with "The Big Kids."

"I'll tell you what mate. Ask Amy what she thinks tomorrow. You'll probably listen to her more than me anyway. I'll be dropping you off at ten, okay?"

Dan mumbled his thanks, and got up to empty his plate, his usual substantial appetite now non existent. After putting his plate in the dishwasher, he trudged slowly up to his room to think.

For the next hour or two, he just sort out f floated. He couldn't be bothered booting up his computer, he didn't feel like playing his PS, and he couldn't concentrate on his book. At the same time, he had no desire to sit downstairs with his mother either. He considered calling Amy, but they had already spoken earlier, and made plans to spend the day at her house tomorrow.

Eventually he opened his closet, and started absentmindedly going through some boxes stashed in the bottom of it, eventually opening one, and exclaiming in delight at what he'd found. His old Lego set. He hadn't played with Lego for a long time, deciding after his twelfth birthday that he was now too grown up for it. But he wasn't feeling very grown up now. He carried the box to his desk, cleared some space, and carefully emptied the contents into a messy pile.

He was about to start playing with it, when he felt the urge to pee building up. He hadn't peed since he had arrived home from school nearly five hours ago.

He was feeling little, naughty, and more than a touch rebellious. He took his pacifier from his nightstand, and put it in his mouth, as he waddled towards his mirror. It was amazing how it made him feel, it was even better than smoking. Even if he did have any cigarettes, and the chance to smoke them, he had the realisation that for now, at least, he'd actually rather be sucking on his dummy over a cigarette.

He stood in front of his mirror, and looked at his reflection. He looked very young in his blue footie pyjamas, with his diapers waistband sticking out of his pants, and the blue paci in his mouth, and he felt a sense of calmness washing over him, even though his heart rate actually picked up a bit as he knew what he was about to do.

"Fuck it. I'm in control here," he whispered around his paci, as he let go of his bladder in a controlled release, exactly as he would do having a pre-emptive strike. Wearing the super thick tape up, while standing, and controlling his flow, virtually eliminated any risk of leaking, and over the next minute he gradually emptied his bladder, a squirt, dribble, or trickle at a time, and his diaper contained it completely, without so much as a single drop escaping.

By the time he'd finished, his nappy was very swollen, but hadn't even sagged. His entire private area was encased in a warm, wet cloud, and it felt very good indeed. He sighed contentidley, and waddled to his desk, where he sat down on his chair, and felt his nappy squishing around his bum.

For the next two hours, he sucked on his dummy, leaked some more in his diaper, played with his Lego, and basically blotted out all confusing thoughts of the outside world.

By the time he started yawning, it was nearly midnight, and he swept his old toys back into the box, and put it back in the closet. It only took him 5 minutes to wash himself and change his nappy for a dry one, and he fell asleep almost straight away, and slept well.

He was wet again in the morning, but that didn't seem to matter. He was back in control of his feelings again, at least for now.

###

As kids grow up, they slowly move forward, away from childish pastimes. Sometimes, they cling onto their old habits longer than they should, sometimes they can put stuff behind them too early, then feel the need to revisit it later.

That would be the last time that Daniel would ever play with his old toys. He just didn't realise it at the time. If you had of told him that as he stuffed the flimsy old box back into his closet, he probably would've just shrugged, not realising the magnitude of the occasion. But growing up is marked by milestones, and although probably insignificant in the grand scheme of things, in years to come, an older Daniel would reminisce on his youth, and wonder when the exact moment came that he stopped playing with toys.

He would never accurately recall.

*443*2016-08-30 21:54

Chapter 27:

"Wear jeans / bring jeans!" The message had read.

Dan had woken up, stretched his legs, and sighed when he felt the wetness around his bum. After running his hand across his backside and the sheets, but finding no wet spots, he had reached for his phone, finding this enigmatic message from Amy. In truth, it wasn't really enigmatic, and he smiled to himself as he realised that she was already planning some new games. They had talked after school yesterday, and she had asked him over, explaining that Sonia was working all day, and they'd have the house to themselves. Neither of them had a lot of money, and after hitting their parents up heavily for their previous trip to Adventure World, they weren't likely to get any extra, so a quiet day was all they could afford.

Amys message triggered a memory from last weekend. Amy, Nikki, and himself sitting around in a circle on the lawn, talking about wearing wet pants. Nikki had asked what they usually wore when they played their games, and the answer had been shorts, swimsuits, and diapers.

"Not jeans?" Nikki asked, "I like wetting my jeans when I can, I just don't get a lot of chances to do it."

Both Amy and Daniel said that they had both had accidents in jeans before, but never around each other while playing.

"We've gotta do that Catholic boy! We'll have to try it in jeans one day!"

Apparentlly that day had arrived.

Dan thought about it as he lay there, wriggling his butt around, enjoying the feeling of a warm, soggy morning nappy squashing around between his legs. He thought he may wear his sweatpants when he left, and take his jeans in his bag. If he wore jeans out, and they got wet, he'd have to dry them before he got home. It would be easier if his mother didn't know he had them, and he was wearing the same pants when she picked him up.

He sent her a reply, "Will bring 2 pairs" and he received a thumbs up icon shortly after, followed by "start drinking mate..."

As most teenage boys often do, he had woken up with a hard on. Thinking about seeing his girlfriend wet her jeans later had only made it stronger, and after his unintentional orgasm in the pool, he was determined not to do a similar thing again. He put his dummy in his mouth, then opened the tapes of his diaper, and slid a shaky hand inside. His self pleasuring was short and sharp, and in less than two minutes his stockinged toes were curling tightly as he exploded his excitement into his nappy. With that out of the way, he showered quickly, and was soon downstairs, pyjamas on again but sans nappy, greeting his mother.

At first there was a touch of tension between them, a result of their argument from the day before, but as Sue dished up bacon and scrambled eggs, they gradually got over it, and fell into their familiar pattern.

"How did you go last night mate?"

"I wet again, but the beds okay, no mess."

"Alright, but can you open your window before you leave? Air it out a bit?"

"Okay mum."

"It's a bit cooler today Danny. I think you guys certainly got the last of the good weather for Adventure World last week. It's really starting to cool down now. You might want to wear a jumper and long pants today. Were you cold last night?"

"I'm already planning on wearing long pants mum," he replied, grinning to himself, "and no, I wasn't cold, these PJ's are nice and warm!"

"Okay Dan," Sue continued, "just so you know what's happening, I'll take you to Sonias at ten, then she's going to work, so I'm sure I don't need to remind you about behaving yourself do I?"

He shook his head.

"For Gods sake keep your hands to yourself. Kissing is one thing, but I don't want you guys going any further, got it?"

This time he nodded vigorously.

"Sonia finishes at three, and I'm meeting her in Subiaco, and we're going out for afternoon tea with a friend, then we'll be back later in the day. You and I will probably stay for dinner at their place. I don't want you and Amy galavanting around the country side, alright?"

Dan looked confused, "What's that mean mum?"

"It means staying home. I don't want you guys going into the city or anything. You can go to the park or stuff like that, but I want you to stay at Amys house. It worries me when you go traipsing around and I don't know where you are."

"Don't worry mum. We're not planning on going anywhere, we're just gonna play at her place."

"Good stuff then. Go and pack your bag and get dressed, and we'll leave shortly."

Dan took his plate out, but before he left, he walked up to Sue and hugged her fiercely. After the tension between them from the previous evening, it felt good.

"Thanks mum. I love you...."

"Love you too," she replied, a bit shocked by his sudden display of affection, "now get your butt into gear!" She swatted him on the backside hard, expecting that he was padded, and when he yelped in pain, she realised that he wasn't diapered.

"Oh Danny! I'm sorry! I thought you had your nappy on!"

But Dan didn't care, it was the funniest thing he'd seen her do for a while, and he cracked up laughing at the look of shock on her face, and she soon joined in as well. Rubbing his butt with an exaggerated look of pain on his face, he made sure he limped dramatically out of the room, causing Sue to throw a tea towel at him. He entered his room to hear his phone notifying him of a new message. "Bring some extra diapers," it read.

Grinning broadly, excited about what may lay ahead, he stripped naked in front of his mirror. He of course examined his body thoroughly, and was happy to discover his pubic hair looked a bit thicker, and he definitely had some more hair under his arms. His legs however remained almost bald, with just a few straggling hairs around his ankles, but he noticed a few hairs on his big toes that hadn't been there last week. When he leaned in for a closer inspection of his face, (primarily checking for pimples,) he noticed that a few early hairs were growing in the corners of his top lip! Admittedly not many, and he had to turn his head into the light to really see them, but they were there! He was finally getting some facial hair! He also thought he had lost some weight, although he had no idea exactly what his weight was. But his chubby tummy didn't seem quite so chubby anymore. "I'll start riding my bike a bit more" he told himself, "try and lose this gut."

Dan went into his bathroom, did his hair, brushed his teeth, and applied a generous amount of nappy rash cream, followed by talc. Some deodorant finished his grooming regime, and he padded naked back into his room to pack his bag and select his clothes. Placing his open backpack on his bed, he considered his options.

He started by getting dressed. White socks, a Molicare pull up, black shiny sweatpants, a white 5SOS T-shirt, and a blue Billabong hoodie. Next came his bag, to which he added two more Molicare pull ups, two Molicare tape ons, and three Goodnights. It was excessive, but Amy had said to bring extras, and he didn't know why, but he would do as she asked. He opened the drawers of his dresser, assessing his options. Knowing that wetting would be involved, he wanted jeans that would show off any wet spots that may occur.

He decided on an old pair of faded blue Levis, with rips in both knees, so pale that they were almost white. Digging deep, he pulled out a very old pair of tan coloured corduroy jeans, and held them up for closer examination. He hadn't worn them for nearly two years, and wondered if they would still fit him. It only took a few seconds to strip his sweats off, and try the cords on. He had to hold his stomach in a little bit to do the button up, and the hems finished above his ankles, showing his socks off, and the legs were tighter than he was used too, but they fitted, although somewhat tightly.

He turned in front of the mirror, observing that they were tight enough to show his diaper bulge. These would be an excellent option, as they would not only show off any potential accident that he may have, but he wouldn't have to try and sneak them into the washing later, as his mother had more than likely forgotten all about them, so he could just throw them out. Whilst he wasn't currently wearing underwear, he considered that it may be required, so he added a pair of white Y-fronts, and some grey cotton boxers as well, trying to guess as to what Amy may prefer seeing him in. The possibility of getting his T-shirt wet made him add a spare, and with the addition of his pacifier, he was packed and ready for whatever wet fun that his girlfriend may have in mind.

The next step, was to start over hydrating. So he poured himself a large glass of water, drank it, followed by another one. He didn't know what was planned, or how long it would be until he could pee safely, but he was wearing a nappy underneath his silky black pants, so even if he had an early accident, it probably wouldn't matter. Throwing his phone charger in, and grabbing a Coke from the fridge, he was ready to go.

Sues car pulled up in the driveway at 10:20, and Danny was out of the car almost before it had stopped.

"Bye mum, see ya later," he shouted, as he grabbed his bag and ran to the door. Before he got there, Sue saw it swing open, and Amys head pop out. She had obviously been waiting for them. She watched as the girl threw her arms around her sons neck, pulling him close for a cuddle. Amy looked up, saw Sue sitting there, and offered a sheepish grin while waving coyly at her. Sue returned the wave, and started reversing out of the driveway with mixed emotions.

She liked Amy. A lot. In the short time they had known each other, she already thought of the girl almost as family. The positive effect that the girl had had on her son was nothing short of amazing, and she was incredibly fond of her. But she was also a bit worried. Kids will be kids, regardless of any amount of parental warnings, and she was starting to get concerned about what the two of them might possibly get up to. Yes, she did trust them, and yes, Danny was still "a little boy" in her eyes, but the difference between seeing her diapered son, in his cute little pyjamas, and the young man standing there cuddling his girlfriend was immense.

Sue would never, ever admit it, but a touch of jealousy was also involved. Her little guy was getting to the age where he didn't need his mummy as much, and it kind of hurt a bit. She shook herself internally, gave a big sigh, and drove away as the door closed.

Dan followed Amy into the house, listening as she explained how her mother had gone into work earlier than planned. He was about to grab her from behind, and throw her onto the couch, giving her the biggest welcoming kissing session ever, but as they entered Amys lounge room, he stopped in his tracks, at the sight of Nikki sitting happily on the couch.

"Hi Danny," she squealed excitedly.

*448*2016-09-01 02:30

Chapter 28:

"Umm, hi Nikki," Dan exclaimed, sliding a sideways glance towards Amy, "how are you?"

Nikki was obviously bubbly, "I'm fantastic! How are you? I'm sooo looking forward to today. We're gonna have a lot of fun, aren't we?"

"Umm. Sure, I mean, I guess...." Dan said, his voice trailing off.

"Excuse us Nik," Amy piped in, "I just wanna have a quick word with my boyfriend, private stuff you know. Danny, bring your bag to my room."

Nikki just smiled knowingly, and Amy grabbed Dans hand, and led him down the hall to her bedroom, quietly closing the door behind them. She stood up on her toes and kissed him, and after a couple of seconds, he responded.

"What's she doing here Ames? I thought it was just gonna be us today. I really need to talk to you about some stuff......"

"Sorry baby. I didn't plan it. After I spoke to you, she called me, and wanted to know if I, or both of us, wanted to hang out with her today. She sounded like so lonely, I kinda ended up asking her over here instead. I hope you don't mind tooooo much?"

He flopped down on her bed. "It's not that bad, I guess, it's just I was kinda looking forward to being alone with you, that's all. We like spent time with her last week, and I sorta wanted some private time together. I've got some shit I really want to talk to you about, and it's kinda personal."

"It's that camp you mentioned, isn't it? It's bugging you?"

He sighed deeply, "Yeah. Basically. I had a big fight with mum last night, and I'm kinda confused about a lot of stuff. Just wanted your opinion on some shit, that's all."

"Well don't stress too hard Catholic boy. We've got all day, and probably tonight as well. You and your mum are staying for tea, and Nikkis being picked up later this afternoon, so we'll have heaps of time later."

She suddenly brightened up quite a lot, "But in the meantime, we've got the house to ourselves for a long time, and we certainly won't waste it!" She performed a delicate pirouette in front of him, "Like my jeans?"

Dan had been in a whirlwind since she had greeted him at the door. He had been so happy and excited to see her, that he hadn't actually noticed what she had been wearing, then he had had the wind taken out of his sails by Nikkis presence, and all thoughts of their possible activities had temporarily left his mind. While he was greatly looking forward to some wet games of course, his primary focus had been getting his girlfriends opinion on his upcoming camp. He'd planned on getting that out of the way first, then settling in for some fun afterwards.

Now he actually looked at her properly, taking in what she was wearing. Amy had on a very tight pair of faded blue denim, three quarter length jeans. They finished just under her knees, and clung tightly to her backside, almost like tights, and he could see the bulge of her nappy pressing firmly around her bum. Dan really liked Amys bum. It was pert, but not tiny, and had a nice round shape to it, and combined with her wide-ish hips, narrow waist, flat stomach, and big boobs, it gave her some really lovely curves.

Below her jeans, her tanned calves disappeared into her white lacey ankle socks, the same ones that she had nearly ruined when she wore them around and in the pool all day a few weeks ago, after their first slumber party, and he remembered how she had soaked them in pee multiple times. She wore a white knitted jumper on top that was obviously old, and very baggy. The sleeves were so long that they kept sliding down over her hands, and she kept pushing them back up to her elbows. Even though it was very baggy, it didn't hide her large breasts, and he could tell that she wasn't wearing a bra. It was an intoxicating combination of youthfulness and sexiness, and she looked very cuddly indeed, and he told her this with a big smile, and a hidden half erect penis in his diaper.

She eyed his clothes off critically, taking in his silky trackies. "So where's your jeans mate? Thought you were wearing them as well?"

Dan explained how he'd decided to just bring them seperately, so he didn't have to worry about getting them dry, or be caught wearing different pants than he'd left home in, and Amy agreed that it was smart thinking.

"So let's see what you've bought then," she exclaimed excitedly.

Danny opened up his bag, noticing that his hands were trembling a bit, all concerns about Nikkis presence now vanquished, and just excited about what was to come. He held up both pairs one at a time for her inspection, and she grinned broadly at what he'd chosen. She was a bit worried that her invite to Nikki had upset him, and she had planned a little surprise for him later, but decided that she might give it to him now, and cheer him up a bit. At least she hoped it would.

"Now, Little Danny, take your shoes off please." Amy demanded in her take no nonsense voice, "I need to dress you properly! Have you got your paci?" Danny nodded numbly, and she continued. "You might as well put your dummy in then, and let me do this."

Dan stood up, dug out his paci, put in in his mouth, and kicked his shoes off without undoing his laces, and Amy sat on the bed in front of him. When he turned to face her, she wasted no time, reaching out and grabbing his sweat pants, and pulling them down to his ankles, and he automatically stepped out of them without being asked. But when she reached out for his pull up, he squealed, stepping back quickly.

She sternly admonished him, "Danny Jacobs! You come here right this instant! I need to check your nappy!"

Little Danny always did as Amy told him, so he shuffled his feet forward again, letting her take hold of his big pull up. She smiled at him, as she slowly pulled it down, exposing his boyhood, which hadn't decided whether it should stand up straight, or wither away and hide. It sort of just flopped there, engorged but not stiff, only inches away from her face. She pretended to ignore its presence, choosing instead to check the inside of his diaper, and finding it completely dry. But while she rubbed her hands through the soft padding, she couldn't help but keep stealing glances at the penis that was bobbing around in front of her eye level.

"My my Danny! You are a good boy! Your didee's still bone dry! You must be finally learning how to be a big boy at last! I've got a reward for you. You're going to wear some big boys knickers for a while, and we'll see if you can stay dry."

Danny stood there, trying to pull his hoodie down enough to cover his groin. He fumbled around in his bag with one hand, using the other one to keep his top held in place. After a moment, he managed to retrieve his boxer shorts, and nervously handed them in her direction, but she shook her head and frowned.

"They're not suitable for a little boy like you, not at all."

He scrunched them back into his bag, swapping them for his Y-fronts instead, and handing those to her. But again she was shaking her head with a condescending smile touching her lips.

"No Danny. Those are old man pants, not little boy pants. Don't worry, I went shopping this week, and bought you exactly what you need!" She reached down into her bottom bedside drawer, and pulled out her present.

"Tah Dah!" Amy said with a flourish, as she held up a brand new pair of girls panties. They were boy-leg style, high cut, and made of pink satin, with delicate pink lace around the waist and legs. "This is what you're going to wear today! Let's see if you can keep these dry, alright?"

Dan went pale, momentarily forgetting to keep his hoodie pulled down. As he stepped back in shock, his private parts became fully visible again, and seemed to have magically shrunken, almost disappearing into his pubic bush.

"What the actual fuck!? No way! No way Amy! Not on your life! No way....." His dummy fell out as he gibbered in fright.

Quick as a flash, she lunged off the bed, and slapped him across his bare bum, hard. It made a resounding noise, and brought tears to his eyes. It just happened to be she had slapped the exact same spot that his mother had earlier, and it stung. Grabbing him by both arms, she shook him roughly. She picked up his dummy, and firmly put it back in his mouth.

"Danny Jacobs! You watch your mouth! How dare you talk like that to me? Now come here please, quickly, and no fuss!" She dragged him forward a couple of steps, until he was back in his original position, and she sat on the bed once more. A quick examination of the pink satin panties worked out front from back, and she held them open in front of her.

"Step into these please, before you catch your death of cold!"

Dan felt all resistance leaving him. He realised that she couldn't actually force him to do this, but she wanted him to, and like most other things in their relationship, he really liked making her happy. Plus, he actually felt like he was in shock, and he just couldn't think clearly. Part of him rebelled at the thought of wearing girls panties, but, if Amy wanted him too, he would try it, if only to make her happy.

"Lift your foot up please," she commanded, and he did, putting one white socked foot into the leg hole, regaining his balance, the following with the other foot.

She pulled the panties up past his knees, then stopped, seeing how he'd pulled his top down in a vain attempt at some privacy.

"Stop pulling on your top Danny, you'll end up stretching it, carrying on like that! Hands by your sides please."

Feeling utterly defeated, the boy did as he was told, letting his hands hang loosely at his sides, as Amy lifted his shirt, giving herself a perfect view of his naked crotch, which was again at eye level with her.

"Oh my! It looks like someone is going to sleep down here," she informed him, and reached out to gently touch his penis, which was trying its best to disappear into his pubes. But at the first gentle touch of her fingertips, it suddenly twitched, and started to elongate, and was soon standing proudly, with its tip glistening in the light.

His breathing was coming in short, shallow gasps, and when she actually grabbed it, he shivered and moaned loudly.

"That's better!" Amy declared, "Now I can see what I'm dealing with here." She smiled at him, and he gave her a watery smile back, and they remained like that for a few seconds, and she didn't let go as they looked into each other's eyes. She felt him twitch in her hand, and saw how the head of his member was all wet and shiny, and she let him go at last, stretching the elastic of the panties wide, and pulling them swiftly up. Straight away, a wet spot appeared on the front, only an inch across, but somehow shinier than a normal pee spot would be.

"It looks like you're already a bit wet, Little Danny. Try and be a big boy now, and tell me if you need the potty. Remember, you're not wearing a didee anymore."

"I don't think I'll forget," he muttered, finally relieved to have his private parts covered up, even though it was with pink satin.

"Now your blue jeans," she commanded. "They've got some holes in them, and look old, so if you DO have an accident, at least you won't ruin your good cords."

Before he passed them to her, he stepped in front of her mirror, and looked at his reflection, seeing the dark wet spot clearly on the bright pink satin. He spun around and looked at his backside, and actually kind of liked the way it looked, encased in pink, and he couldn't help rubbing his hands across his cheeks, revelling in the silky smoothness. Turning to face the mirror again, he quickly pulled them down and looked at the inside, seeing how they had a layer of white cotton sewn into the gusset, then he quickly pulled them up again, before Amy could tell him off.

When he turned back towards her, she was holding his jeans open for him to step into, so he did, and she pulled them up snugly, buttoning the waist, and pulling his fly up.

She stood up, and they grinned at each other, then, without speaking, they embraced tightly, and he threw his paci back into his bag, then they kissed, allowing their tongues to probe deep inside each other's mouths.

Once they pulled away from each other, Dan looked at her sternly. "What about Little Amy? Does she need her didee checked now too?"

"Not now, Catholic boy. But I'm sure she will later, after Nikkis gone home......"

With that, she skipped out of the room. Dan didn't dare follow her immediately, as his jeans were sticking out in front of him too severely to be easily hidden.

