Elsa's Birthday

Author: gonne

*000*2015-03-15 21:39

This isn't the usual type of story I write, but I figured once I was finished I should probably share. Hopefully you enjoy!

Elsa had to pee.

And for the Queen of Arendelle, this often turned out to be a problem when she was stuck performing her royal duties. Today was no exception: It was Elsa's birthday, and she was hosting a party to celebrate.

She was stuck in the courtyard at the moment and with the sun setting over the fjord, she and her guests were enjoying a gentle spring breeze which brought with it the delicate aroma of budding flowers and melting snow. Elsa was standing next to one of the fountains, probably the worst possible place for her to have been standing in her current predicament. She was wearing a new dress that had been gifted to her by a Prince she was fairly certain had ulterior motives to get in her good graces. It was a warmer outfit than she was normally comfortable with, but she had decided to forgo her usual icy attire in favour of showing gratitude for the lovely gift. It was best to stay on good footing when it came to neighbouring royalty.

She'd tried to get away from the fountain, of course, and back into the castle where she could find quick relief, but the young queen had had no luck. She was the centre of attention on this fine evening, which meant absolutely everybody wanted to talk to her. After one guest took their leave from her she could only ever make it a couple steps before someone else stopped her to give her their best wishes. She prided herself in remaining as regal as possible, smiling and thanking her guests while idly engaging in small talk so as not to appear unwelcoming. It was excruciating.

Currently she was engaged in conversation with the Lady Anita of Homesfront, who was tall, slender, and much too old to have a ten-year-old son, despite the evidence standing next to her. The boy seemed far less interested in the conversation taking place than his mother did, and Elsa couldn't blame him. Had she ever been allowed to go to a party like this when she was his age she probably would have been bored silly as well. But after freezing her entire kingdom less than one year previously, Elsa had a reputation to build, and that reputation hinged on absolutely all of her public appearances being flawless. That, unfortunately, included her not disappearing in the middle of a conversation at her own birthday party.

"These fountains are absolutely gorgeous," Lady Anita drawled. Elsa cringed internally at the mention of the gushing fountain next to her, but outwardly she smiled.

"They are, aren't they? My grandfather commissioned them for my parent's wedding. You know how parents can be about their kids, of course. Everything has to be perfect." Elsa was currently thanking her past self for deciding to wear a dress that covered so much of her lower body so effectively. The heavy layers allowed her to press her thighs tightly together while her bladder gave an angry spasm, and she was almost positive no one could tell she was doing it. If only this conversation could end so she could make another attempt to inch her way back inside the castle.

"Oh, I know perfectly well. I would do anything for young Frans here," the other woman said, patting her son on the head. The boy seemed to jerk out of some kind of daydream, his gaze darting quickly around before resting on Elsa. She smiled at him and he blushed furiously. "As a matter of fact, he wanted nothing more than to come to this party when he saw that I had received an invite. Between you and me, your majesty," Lady Anita lowered her voice, though not enough that her son couldn't hear her. Even so, Elsa had to lean over slightly to keep up the appearance of secrecy. "Between you and me, I think he just wanted to see the lovely Queen Elsa in person."

"Mo-om," Frans said, his face turning an even brighter shade of red. Elsa thought it was adorable but she should have known it was too good to be true.

"If it's not too much to ask, your highness, I was rather hoping you might be able to show him just a touch of magic. I think it would really make him happy."

Her smile faded. Of course the boy was only curious about her magic. She wondered how many people at the party were only there because they found her to be some kind of novelty. Elsa's heart constricted, but she quickly crushed any negative thoughts on the matter. It was much better to be considered a novelty than a monster. Outwardly, she tried not to appear too upset by the notion. "I'm not sure now is really the best time," she said finally.

"Oh, it doesn't need to be much. With these lovely fountains so close at hand, I'm sure there's something you could do for the boy."

Those damned fountains. Those beautiful, ornate, distracting, excruciatingly liquid fountains. Suddenly Elsa's fears of performing her ice magic dissolved as she felt the water in her bladder press urgently for freedom. She tensed and managed to stop herself from leaking, but it took far too much restraint. The fountains needed to go.

"Well, I suppose..." Elsa said, straightening herself as much as she dared. Frans' eyes grew wide when he realised he was getting his wish. Elsa sent him a quick wink to throw him off guard before she waved her hand in the direction of the fountain behind her. It froze instantly, in the most beautiful pattern of spirals she had managed yet.

The party stilled.

The fear in Elsa's heart began to grow again, but she knew better than to let it take hold. She had this situation under control. "Do you want me to do the other one too?" she asked the boy, loud enough for her other guests to hear as well. Frans nodded mutely. Elsa waved her hand towards the fountain across from them, which froze in a perfect mirror to its sister. The courtyard burst into applause.

"Oh thank you," Lady Anita gushed. "I'm sure this is all Frans will talk about for weeks. It was really very wonderful of you."

Elsa smiled and nodded her head. In reality, she was just relieved not to have the sound of pouring water drilling itself into her head. She still had to pee terribly, but at least it was a little more bearable.

After bidding each other farewell, Elsa made another attempt to leave the courtyard, but only managed one step this time.

"Elsa!" someone cried, stopping her in her path. She knew that voice, and turned to see her sister rushing towards her with a smile that rivalled even the joviality of the sun. Elsa returned the smile as her sister slid to a stop next to her. Elsa shifted her weight uncomfortably as Anna quickly caught her breath.

"This party is a lot of fun! Kristoff and I were just dancing when we saw you do that fountain thing. I think you just made that boy's day!" Anna's enthusiasm was endearing, but Elsa had more pressing matters at hand.

"That's wonderful Anna, but I really-"

Anna gasped. "You should come and dance with us!"

Elsa rolled her eyes. "You know I don't dance," she said.

"It's your birthday! At least give it a try?"

"I would, really, but-"

"Pleeeaaase?" Anna was turning those sad puppy eyes on her again and it was all Elsa could do not to swoop her little sister in a loving hug. Instead, Elsa stared at Anna, weighing her options.

There was absolutely no chance Elsa was going to go dance, but she could at least be upfront with her sister about why. Anna trusted her, so there was no need for this ridiculous pretence of the perfect queen. She could drop her act for now.

"Well?" Anna asked.

"Anna, I need to slip inside real quick," Elsa finally said. Damn, it was harder to drop the act than she had originally thought.

"Why?"

No more excuses. She stepped slightly closer to her sister and leaned in. "I've had to pee all evening. It's harder than you would think to try and slip back into the castle."

Elsa thought it was impossible, but Anna's eyes grew wider. "Oooohh..." Anna cast a critical gaze over her sister while Elsa smiled sheepishly. "It can't be that hard. Here, how about I just walk you back to the castle then?"

Elsa sighed in relief. She and her sister started walking towards the door, but once again she was stopped. "Your highness, I just wanted to congratulate you!"

On what? Elsa thought, as her bladder positively screamed. Staying alive another year? Big accomplishment. Instead she smiled and turned towards the owner of the voice. "Lord Hugo," she said, giving a slight bow of her head. "I'm glad you could make it." She glanced sidelong at Anna, who was casting her a sympathetic look.

Over the next little while Anna tried to help Elsa slip away, but to no avail. Anna tried stopping guests to chat before they could make it to her sister, but of course there was always someone else to slip in and replace them while Anna was preoccupied. They tried making it seem like the sisters were engaged in discussion as they walked towards the castle, but it seemed the chatter of two sisters was not holy enough to warrant freedom from interruption. By the time dinner was called for, Elsa was curling her toes and shifting her weight in a probably obvious fashion while she chatted. She spurted a couple of times, but she was lucky enough that nothing was running down her legs.

Yet.

She couldn't even slip away as they headed inside for dinner, because the young Prince who had gifted her her new dress insisted on walking her inside himself.

As she sat at the head of the banquet hall Elsa wasn't sure how much more she could take. She absolutely couldn't leave now. Not in the middle of dinner. Besides, people were still talking to her. She crossed her legs under the table as discreetly as she could and clenched her thighs to stave off another wave of desperation. Elsa became painfully aware of the fact that she wasn't nearly as stable as she wanted to be in this situation when she tried to pick up her fork and instead coated it in a layer of frost. She laughed, somewhat embarrassed, as the woman sitting next to her stared in shock. Elsa quickly put the fork down and flagged down a servant to discreetly bring her a pair of gloves. From her other side, Anna smiled reassuringly.

But it didn't make things any easier. Elsa avoided her drink as much as she could, but when she was served a course of soup she had no choice but to partake or otherwise seem ungrateful. By then, she wasn't only crossing her legs, but her ankles as well. During the next course, she spurted heavily, the spray dampening the fabric she was sitting on. She only hoped that the thick layers of her dress were enough to keep it from seeping through and couldn't even begin to imagine how she would make it all the way to desert.

Periodically her hand would make its way under the table to rub her thigh or grip the fabric of her dress in desperation. Every once and a while Anna's hand would pat her on the leg in what was probably supposed to be a reassuring gesture. You can do it, Anna's gaze said, every time the sisters made eye contact. And Elsa kept up the pretence, and she smiled, and she chatted.

The meal started to wind down and guests began to finally leave. By that point Elsa was grinding her heal into the floor. Her hand had made permanent residence in her lap as it held her dress in a death grip. There was a distinctly damp spot under Elsa's bum that she still prayed wasn't going to be visible when she stood up. If she could stand up that was. Her bladder throbbed painfully and Elsa groaned inwardly, wanting nothing more than to curl up and slam her head repeatedly against the table and to pee! Oh she wanted to pee so bad! But instead she continued to chat with the kind prince who was sitting a few seats down from her, her voice sounded obviously strained to her, but with any luck it wasn't as noticeable to the guests.

Anna didn't leave her side, even when Kristoff bid them a goodnight.

Finally the last guest left the banquet hall and the moment the door closed behind him Elsa groaned audibly and leaned her free arm heavily on the table in front of her. She bowed her head and clenched her eyes tightly as her bladder took her newfound freedom as a sign to spurt some more against the fabric of her dress. There was some desperate clenching and foot tapping and what was probably a very obvious seated pee-pee dance, but Elsa managed to stem the flow. She felt Anna put her hand on her back as she rubbed it in a comforting manner. "Are you okay?" the sister asked.

The only response Elsa gave was a quick shake of her head since her eyes were still closed and she was still tense as a rock. There was a slight layer of frost forming on the table under her arm, but Elsa didn't care. She was done with the whole public appearance thing and the only one present was Anna, who hummed in concern. Now she just had to figure out how to get herself to a toilet so she could find sweet, sweet release. Elsa groaned again and thumped her arm against the table, a small flurry of snow erupting from the impact. She didn't know if she was going to make it.

Anna got up from her chair and stood close to her sister. "Okay," she said, placing one hand on either of Elsa's arms. Anna's hands gripped her arms firmly and Elsa took strength from her sister. She opened her eyes and took a deep breath. "How about you try and stand up. Can you manage that?"

Elsa shifted a little, testing the movement. "I don't think so," she said in a strained voice. She groaned again. "Anna, what am I going to do? I can't wet myself in the banquet hall. What will the servants think?"

Anna rubbed her sister's arms reassuringly. "You can do it!" she said. "The first step is just standing up. Come on Elsa, it's easy!"

With Anna's support, Elsa managed to slowly get to her feet. The moment her butt left the chair, her bladder let out such a strong stream of urine that the hiss of her peeing filled the room and Anna stilled. Elsa clenched harder than she had all night and the streamed slowed to a trickle before stopping completely. That one was definitely running down her legs. Once she was standing completely, Elsa glanced down at her chair. Nothing visible. This dress was impressively thick.

But Elsa was shaking, and now Anna was trying to get her to walk. Walking was going to involved uncrossing her legs, which Elsa was almost positive she wasn't going to be able to manage civilly.

"Elsa, it's okay. Let's just try to make it to the door."

With the first step she started to trickle gently. No amount of squeezing her thighs was stopping it and Elsa found herself beginning to panic. But Anna urged her forward towards the door and they were actually making progress.

The trickling was getting worse. "Anna..."

"It's okay Elsa, just keep going."

The fact that she was going was exactly the problem. A couple more steps and they were close to the wall. Elsa wasn't sure if she could call what she was doing trickling anymore. She could feel liquid going down her calf, and when she felt it dampen her foot she had to stop. She was going to leave footprints.

"Anna, I can't-"

"We're almost at the door, don't worry. Toilet's not far."

But it was too late. The trickle turned into uneven spurts that Elsa couldn't control. Each one was euphoric for the trembling queen as she felt her muscles giving way. She kept trying to clamp down on the liquid spraying out of her, but it was no use. Elsa was full on peeing and there was nothing she could do.

She gave into the sensation, closing her eyes and collapsing forward slightly into Anna's arms with a groan. She just felt so damn relieved and as she sighed Elsa could have sworn she was melting. The room was certainly getting warmer.

Urine was pouring down her legs, across her trembling knees and splashing onto the floor beneath Elsa's dress. The sensation of her bladder emptying was just too good for the Snow Queen and somewhere in the depths of her mind she knew rivulets of liquid were snaking their way off of her legs and wetting the inside of her skirts instead of making it to the floor. She didn't care.

To her credit, Anna held her sister supportively as Elsa let loose an ocean of pent up urine onto the floor. Elsa didn't know what Anna was thinking, and frankly, as she peed, she didn't care. There was only one sensation present to her in that moment.

It was a while before her stream began to die down. The room was silent but for the pattering of urine pouring onto the floor under her dress. It was then that the queen noticed Anna had hiked up the hem of Elsa's long skirts to prevent them from drooping into the puddle she was making on the floor. Anna's dress was luckily not long enough for this to be a problem for her, and it touched Elsa that her sister cared enough to think ahead while Elsa was blissfully unaware of her surroundings.

Finally, she stopped peeing. The sisters stood in shocked silence as the last of Elsa's urine dribbled into the massive puddle beneath them. It was starting to sink in exactly what Elsa had just done and she felt a blush creep up her neck. "Oh dear," she managed meekly.

"Wow," was all Anna said. "That's, um..."

"I can't believe I just did that," Elsa said, as she let her head fall against her sister, burying her face in Anna's shoulder. "Is it visible on the dress?" her muffled voice asked. The inside was certainly soaked, but with any luck...

Anna was still holding onto Elsa's skirts and she twisted them around, leaning over to check the back as well. "It looks fine," she said. "Hey, with any luck, nobody will know it was you."

Elsa stood up straighter and looked at her sister. She was beginning to notice just how much warmer the room had gotten, and it occurred to her that Anna had stood by her even as her desperation froze the very air she was breathing. She wondered if she had made things uncomfortable at all for the guests when she had been trying to very much to hide just how desperate she was, but decided it was best not to dwell on it. She looked down instead.

"Anna... my skirts are wet on the inside. Very wet. Somebody is going to have to clean them. And we're both standing in a puddle. We're going to leave footprints."

Anna let Elsa take over holding up the skirts, stroking her chin. "Okay... I can see how that evidence might possibly lead to you." She seemed to get lost in thought. "Unless..."

"Unless what?"

"Come over here," Anna said, as she pulled her sister over to the edge of the puddle. "Now freeze the inside of your dress so it stops dripping."

Elsa wasn't sure where she was going with this. "Anna..."

Anna smiled reassuringly. "Trust me. The cold never bothered you anyway, right?"

Elsa sighed and did as she was told.

Anna lifted a foot. "Now freeze my shoe."

Freeze her shoe? What was Anna... oh. "Promise me you won't slip and hurt yourself."

"I promise."

Elsa froze Anna's shoe and the young princess stepped out of the puddle. Then Elsa froze her other shoe and followed up by freezing her own feet as they freed themselves from the damning evidence beneath them.

And they didn't leave footprints.

Anna then grabbed her sister by the arm and dragged her outside, waving pleasantly at a guard in the hall before they literally slipped back out into the courtyard. Elsa was embarrassed at first, but realised quickly that with the thick fabric of her dress hiding the accident, the guard wouldn't be able to tell anything was amiss. The courtyard was blissfully empty.

And then Anna was climbing onto the ledge of one of the fountains and pulling Elsa up with her. The queen stood there next to her sister and sighed. "Okay, now what?" Anna pushed her into the water. Elsa screamed and managed to grab a hold of Anna's arm before the two of them fell into the fountain. In Elsa's panicked state, she felt the water around her freeze solid, trapping them in its frigid embrace. It was then that she realised what her sister had done for her as she heard the guards rushing into the courtyard to help them. Now Anna was shivering and Elsa felt terrible.

"I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to do that," she said, thawing the water around them. She hugged Anna and rubbed her arms to try and warm her up, but of course making things warmer was never something Elsa was really good at.

"Queen Elsa, Princess Anna, are you alright?" One of the guards asked as they stopped in front of the fountain.

"We're fine," Elsa said. "Though I think Anna might need a warm fire started in her room."

"What happened?"

Anna opened her mouth to reply but Elsa interrupted before the princess could get a word in. "Anna was playing on the edge of the fountain and I was worried she would fall in so I tried to get her down. She slipped and I was pulled in with her."

The guards were silent.

"Don't worry," Elsa said. "Nobody's trying to assassinate me." Anna giggled. The guards helped them out of the fountain and escorted the royal sisters back to their respective rooms. As they walked Elsa smiled at her sister in thanks.

Knowing that Anna would be there for her no matter what? Now that was the best birthday present a Snow Queen could ask for.

*004*2015-03-21 07:29

I've honestly never written a Frozen story before, but once it was done I thought I might as well post it somewhere.

I'm glad you guys at least like the writing. I'm not sure what to try next though. Maybe Avatar? Toph or Korra?

