One TooMany

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2013-04-07 23:06

"I gotta peepee," Drucilla exclaimed a bit too loudly; "Come with me."

Marlaine slid out of the booth and caught Drucilla when she staggered and almost fell against a neighboring couple. Dru -- that's what I called her -- really liked the kiss of the hops. Was it just cute, or was it a real problem? I hadn't yet decided. Marlaine was Johnnie's date. She drank a brew now and them, but never more than one. I was glad Marlaine was going with Dru. Navigating a bathroom can be hazardous, when you're already three sheets in the wind.

"I gotta peepee," Dru explained to the couple she bumped into leaving the room.

"I can imagine, " was the guy's licivious reply. He needed his butt kicked, but it would take a way bigger foot then mine.

"That's five for Drucilla already," observed Johnnie. As did I, Johnnie worried about Dru's heavy drinking. Johnnie was a good guy, caring and kind.

"I quit counting," I confessed; "After two, Dru's on her own.

Johnnie shook his head and remarked about the game on the big screene TV above the bar.

In the bathroom, Marlaine guided Drucilla into a stall. Dru hiked up her skirt and started to sit down, but Marlaine jerked her up and reminded her that she really ought to pull down her panties first. Dru giggled, and fumbled about herself, finally managing to lower her drawers crookedly.

Dru sat on the toilet grinning for a while, while Marlaine tapped her foot, not too patiently. "Finished?" Marlaine prodded.

"Yurp," slurred Dru. She tried twice to stand up, finally succeeding with Marlaine's help on the third try. Obviously pulling up her panties was way beyond Dru, so Marlaine did the honors, none too gently.

With one motion Marlaine raised her skirt and lowered her panties and sat down. Instantly a hiss and tinkling sound told Marlaine's story.

"Ooooo!" moaned Dru, holding herself. Then she urinated, in her panties, down her legs, over her shoes, across the floor.

"Get away from me," ordered Marlaine, pushing Dru back and pulling her own feet away from the spreading flood. "Geeze Louise, Dru, I thought you just peed."

"I forgot," explained Dru sheepishly.

"You sat on the toilet and forgot to pee?" returned Marlaine. "What were you thinking?"

"About beer, and Toli, and been," Dru giggled.

"Geeze, Louise," exclaimed Marlaine again. She rose, dried herself, rearranged her clothing, and flushed the toilet. "Wait right here," she ordered, squeezing past Dru and out the stall door. Momentarily Marlaine returned with paper towels and a small package. "You owe me fifty cents," she scolded Dru. Dru just grinned.

"Hold your skirt up," Marlaine ordered, shoving Dru into shakey compliance. She patted Dru's soaked panties with a paper towel, looked at it, tossed it and proceeded to wrestle Dru out of her sodden undies. She tossed them, too. Dru never notices.

Marlaine dried Dru's crotch and legs, when reached for the package. "I hope this will fit; it the largest one the machine had. Most adults don't need diapers."

Dru worked to focus her eyes on the diaper. "For me?" she exclaimed.

Marlaine positioned the diaper on Dru. "Close your legs," she commanded.

"My legs," said Dru, complying. "I think I peed my pants."

"Hold still." Marlaine pulled and stretched the diaper and finally got it fastened . "There!" she proclaimed, surveying her handiwork; "Good to go."

Back at the table, Johnnie and I were wondering where the girls were, when we saw them moving slowly toward us. Marlaine had a supportive arm around Dru, who was having real trouble with the concept of walking. "Marl diapered me," Dru informed me and half the bar, lifting her skirt and displaying said diaper. I jerked down her skirt and pulled Dru into the booth.

A waitress approached with a mug of beer. "From the gentleman over there," she explained, setting the beer before Dru, and nodding toward the guy who needed his butt kicked. I reached for the beer, but Dru was surprisingly quick. She grabbed the mug, spilled only a little bit, and chugged the beer. The empty mug reverberated Dru's belch.

I was about to question Marlaine about Dru's change of garment, when Dru anticipated me. "I peed my panties," she said. Johnnie surpressed his laughter much better than the adjoining tables. I decided not to ask for details, though I admit to being a bit aroused and curious. Again, Dru anticipated me, telling the whole story in minute detail. More ears than mine listened.

Three beers later Dru said, "Oops," and grabbed her crotch. "I peed again,: she explained unnecessarily.

"Your problem this time," declared Marlaine.

"Change my dipee, Toli," Dru slurred.

"Don't look at me," said Johnnie, holding up his hands, as I looked at him. I was on my own.

"Let's head home," I suggested to Dru.

"Righteeo, Toli, ol' Buddy, ol' Pal." I picked Dru up by the shoulders and started her for the door.

That's when her too-small diaper tore lose and plopped around her ankles. "Eeeeee!" a pissy diaper, screamed Dru, kicking the offending blob off her right foot.

The projectile sailed unerringly across two tables and splatted against the side of the head of Mr. Needs-His-Butt-Kicked.

To make a long story short, Johnnie and Marlaine forgot they knew either Dru or me, Needs-His-Butt-Kicked kicked my butt -- several times. The last thing I remember, before my lights went out was Dru shouting, "I'm peeing! I'm peeing!

As Marlaine would say, "Geeze Louise!"

