Help from the stars

Author: Not a watrmlon

*000*2016-07-08 17:12

My first fictional story on Omorashi! And hopefully you people like it. The moment you read the second paragraph, and taking into consideration that this is posted on Omorashi, I think you have a pretty obvious idea of what is going to happen. Although there is a plot twist slipped in here. (The pre-note ends here, and I'll leave you to start reading.)

Chapter one - Introducing an actress

Rachel's head bobbed to the beat of the music, while her lips moved to the words. Driving to her most valued place in existance, the girl was already feeling pretty excited, and with her brain unleashing the feel-good hormones through her body, which this song always seemed to generate. She sighed happily as the song ended and the next one came on, absentmindedly taking her eyes off the road. She quickly swerved back on track, hoping that no one saw anything. Rachel was just feeling so joyful, for a rather peculiar reason.

Normally a terror to most people, tonight Rachel was going to give a comic act, in front of the largest audience she had ever talked to. She loved to speak in public. Once upon 14 years ago, she had been little, in kindergarten, and had enjoyed drawing attention to herself. This was something that had survived to this day, and what her career depended on. Rachel recalled to her mind the day she had packed her bags and dropped out of high school, when she was only 17 years old.

Her mother had been gloriously proud, and her father, although quite surprised at her choice of work, had agreed to support her as she traveled into the world. 2 years later, by a miraculous spin of the wheel of fortune, the girl had become very well known indeed for her hilarious speeches. She wrote them herself since she had always had a talent for humor, and then performed them to an audience of usually a couple hundred people. The public loved her. Not that she was famous, and got to ride around in a limo and all that, but everyone in the district had at least an idea of who she was. For Rachel, this was a dream come true.

She quickly ran over all the details of what she would say. She'd prepared an unusually large attention grabbing piece, adding in a funny comment every few words or so. Rachel was pleased she had been gifted with a naturally amusing personality. Even though she chose to anyway, she could have made any audience laugh without even trying to entertain her followers, who sat watching in rows, waiting for what was coming next. The humor came naturally. That was who Rachel was.

Her yellow car pulled over into the parking lot, while she noticed she was parked next to both a red and blue car. Hey, the primary colors! Rachel had a tendency to notice little things like that. The clock said 6:47 pm. Plenty of time to get ready. She switched off the radio, and jumped out of her seat. As she walked along the footpath, she looked back at the three cars, thinking about that song she used to sing in First Grade, what her teacher used to call "The Rainbow Song". A very creative name. Rachel trotted down the path to the theater, her ears ringing with the sound of little voices over-enthusiastically singing the lyrics. Young Rachel sang along in her 6 year old voice, while older Rachel joined in the chorus with her 19 year old voice, moving her hips to the beat. (Actually the melody, since early elementary school songs don't actually have a beat at all.)

Red, orange, yellow, green and blue! Don't forget indigo and violet too!

Rachel (the 19 year old one) suddenly stopped swaying her hips, in request of an organ down at the lowest part of her body. The sharp jolting movement of her abdomen was making that particular organ uncomfortable. The girl shrugged, and patted her lower body. There was still two hours before Rachel had to come onstage. Plenty of time for a restroom break. No hurry here.

The young comedian swung open the door and glided along the boards using the floor-rug as a surfboard, putting on her craziest face possible. The lady at the reception giggled. Rachel had always known how to make an entrance.

"Well dear, I can see that our favorite actress is very excited about tonight, yes?"

"Uh-huh. I'm super pumped to get started!"

"You'll just have to wait for a few hours" the receptionist told her.

"I know that. But it's always nice to look forward to future events, isn't it? That's what makes life interesting"

The woman nodded, and turned around and drew a cupful of water from a water cooler into one of those cheap plastic cups. Rachel jumped. The sound of running water was not a very nice thing to hear while her bladder was three quarters of the way full. Up until now, she'd took it for granted that the lady meant to drain the liquid herself. She was a bit taken aback when the other girl handed it to her.

"Why don't you drink this? It will do you good" the receptionist said. "You look thirsty".

True enough. The 19 year old's mouth was a little dry. Still...

Rachel stared at the water inside of the cup, wishing she could just lay off any drinks until she got a chance to pee, but smiled anyway, deciding to be polite.

"Thank you" she said, sipping the water. Even though a drink was nice and refreshing in the summer time, like it was now, Rachel knew that, in the end, it would only result in her bladder being filled even more. She turned and walked down the hallway, moving toward to the elevator. A large building with many rooms had to have a few elevators around the place. Rachel pressed the button for the elevator to open, and set the controls for the second floor, where her desk - with all her notes for the latest recitation - was kept.

As she moved up a floor, she ran over everything that usually happened while she was at work, and calculated when she would get a chance to relieve herself. Of course she would first be greeted by everyone who might be there. Courtney... Dan... Ryan... Jess... Nicole... and the rest whose names she couldn't remember. Then they would all be sent off to practice what they were going to participate in for when they were going to act it in front of an audience. Rachel had performed in musicals as well, but it was mostly public speaking which was her specialty. Tonight was her turn to shine solo, but she didn't feel like doing it if she could not make it to a restroom in time.

'Heck, this lift is taking a frickin' long time to get there. It isn't as if I wanted to go to the fifth floor!' She thought irritably.

After that they would usually come together for a coffee break and then go off to practice again. Acting was of course the team's life, just like speeches were Rachel's, and one or two other people who liked the same thing as her. After that then it would be time for the chosen two acts to get ready and enter the stage.

The young adult fidgeted in the elevator, and pressed her legs against each other. Why was it taking so long? Or did it just seem like an eternity because of the pressure in her bladder?

She concluded that the only times she would have to get to the restrooms was during her practice, which would be like simply walking out of class in high school. Most people know what the results are. Or, to quietly slip away while they were all talking and laughing and drinking coffee, thus risk being asked where she was going. Rachel simply couldn't tell anyone that her body needed a chance to urinate.

The earliest out of the two options would be once they were all in their rooms, practicing, and that would not come for another 25 minutes. She simply could not wait that long without the urge soaring to unbelievable intensity. Her bladder was of average size and she didn't have a medical condition of any sort. But for some reason it always seemed to fill up relatively quickly, and the water she had drank earlier was already beginning to take a toll on her.

Rachel sighed. She would just have to wait.

###

Comments invited. I'll post the second chapter as soon as it is finished.

