Toytale - A tale of a teddy bear with a bladder

Author: Guest JTeam

*000*2020-02-05 06:55

This is based off of a former interactive story that I already posted, which I have turned into a normal story so I can just pump out content faster.

Chapter 1 - A New Start

###

"The store is now opening. Please stand back."

Sophie sits patiently upon her shelf, inside of a red box around her size. Around her is a bunch of similar versions of herself, all too in boxes. The boxes have large plastic windows so people could see into them, and were all adorned with a golden yellow ribbon. They have flashy and colorful text and artwork on them, describing their contents.

The date is September 3rd, 2030. After The Vapor Event of 2027 (which more or less essentially just involved a complete restructuring of human society, partially assisted by friendly aliens with intelligence-enhancing pumped into the atmosphere), humanity was seen at it's best. People lived lives of peace and prosperity, with even the "lowest" in society (like farmers) still being treated fairly and equally. Technological advancements came shortly after The Event, with advanced computing technology, fusion powered cars, high-rise cities that would rise to the height of what once was considered a low flying plane, and so on and so forth.

Of course, humans were still a bit greedy and capitalistic at times, so of course, there was bound to be commercialism. A human company called Stellar Inc. created a special brand of toy-line, marketed at kids aged 6 to 16. You might think 16 was a bit high, but there was something special about these toys. They had almost human-like sentience. Now, according to the company, it wasn't "true" AI or "alive", but simply, in the CEO's words, a "damn good imitation of it." However, tech insiders have presented a large amount of evidence that shows the toys may actually be a true form of AI, so it's a huge field of debate.

No matter what the consensus is, though, when the limited release debuted in Los Angeles, NC (New California) and Dallas, TX, (Texius), the toys practically flew off the shelves. You see, the toys were almost like easy-to-care-for pets. They could eat, drink, and even be fully bathed. To this day, nobody fully knows how the technology works. It seems to literally destroy itself via rapid corrosion if the toy is opened (which may or may not have caused a few minor lawsuits during early production), so the company is definitely trying to hold onto a trade secret as long as it can.

The toy line, called "Your Best Friend", consists of many different kinds of toys for children, often an anthropomorphic kind, and even more often so a soft and plush-filled kind. There was the Jack line, which was hard and metallic, but could jump dozens of feet into the air (if given the space, of course). There was the Eddie line, which took on the form of a semi-soft elephant plush that could connect to the Internet and help tutor children. And then we come to the Sophie line, a line of teddy bears specifically directed at girls who wanted a new friend. They were all called Sophie, of course. They came in different colors and came with different (but swappable) hairstyles.

Sophie is the newest line, and is scheduled for release on September 3rd, 2030 (at the low low price of 79.99). That's today!

So now we go back to the one specific Sophie from earlier. She's a pink teddy bear with a cutesy semi-long hairstyle, colored brown in this instance. It even comes with a red headband to help hold it in place. Not that it really matters, though, since the hair itself is just velcroed on. Her eyes are essentially pure black, but have barely-visible white irises (cameras) that let her see. Her soft mouth has tiny actuators that can let the mouth open, which reveals an opening for food and drink to go into (fake tongue included). The box she's in also has a bunch of small accessories, like a fake birth certificate, a brush, and a liability notice (again, corrosion lawsuits).

Sophie sighs. Today is the day she would be sold. She had made good friends with a bunch of other toys from the Your Best Friend line while she was in the store's stockroom, and was going to miss them. They were just afterstock from previous releases, and would probably just be left to rot on a clearance shelf within a few months.

The employee near the store's doors puts his key into the door and twists it before removing it and quickly backing away, as a flood of customers rush through the automated sliding doors. They all instantly go towards the main round shelf near the doors, both kids and parents alike trying to fumble with them and grab them. Sophie herself was grabbed by a somewhat tired looking blonde-haired woman, who immediately went towards the checkout line.

After witnessing a brief conversation between the woman and a cashier (with many words or phrases Sophie didn't understand, like "credit card declined" and "jiggle the chip reader a bit"), she was placed in a bag and eventually tossed into the back seat of a car.

Sophie still wasn't fully activated yet, so she couldn't move or use her voice synthesizer. She was in a low-power mode. So, to pass the time, she enabled her diagnostics chip.

ACTIVATING DIAGNOSTICS CHIP.

4 GHZ DoubleCore chipset working at low power.

64000 MB of RAM installed, 62000 MB available.

Dual-audio E.A.R.S (Electric Audio Response Synthesizers) online.

S.T.O.M.A.C.H (Super-efficient Top Operating Machine Activator Capsule, Huge) fullness = 0, ready for usage.

B.L.A.D.D.E.R (UNABLE TO FIND ACRONYM TRANSLATION) fullness = 0, ready for usage.

OperatingSystem = StoreMode

Ah, yes, a few things to point out. First of all, the "brain" of any YBF was really just a basic computer the size of a penny. Keep in mind, the average desktop computer has around double the power of what you're seeing now, but the toy's specs were sufficient for seamless play.

The ears of the unit were actually both microphones and audio synthesizing and processing chips, hence the acronym.

The S.T.O.M.A.C.H (stomach) was a specially tailored containment unit... well, it's just a cool bag inside the toy. It has a special chip which will determine the simulated energy levels of the toy, encouraging it's owner to feed it food and drinks. Mostly stuff that isn't acidic or sticky.

And of course, yes, we have the B.L.A.D.D.E.R. I don't know what this is supposed to stand for, but it holds waste liquid (basically pee). I'm not sure where solids go, but they certainly don't end up in the bladder. Don't worry, Sophies are housetrained, so they prefer to not just pee on the floor.

The car pulls into the garage of a house, and a young girl rushes out of the door to greet the woman driving the car, presumably the girl's mother. Sophie soon finds herself on a table, inside a very nice upper-middle class modern house. The girl, who can't be any older than maybe ten or eleven years old, carefully opens the box and holds Sophie for the first time. Sophie's systems fully activate, prompting her to smile and wave at the girl. "Hi!" Sophie says.

"Yay, you work!" says the girl. "I'm Emma. Come on, I'll show you my room!", she continues, before then dragging Sophie along with her up a spiraling staircase.

As the duo steps into Emma's room, Sophie takes a moment to register the face of Emma, along with her nearby surroundings. The room itself is a rather stereotypical girl's room; the walls were pink and had lots of framed pictures and posters of girly stuff, there was a vanity and a desk with a sleek computer, a queen-sized bed with a lovely cotton bedspread... and a mini-fridge, among other things.

(Wait, a mini-fridge?) Sophie thinks to herself as her optics refocus. It's not totally unorthodox for a mini-fridge to be in a bedroom, but a bit strange considering Emma was only around 11 years old. Not that Sophie really cares, though, as her S.T.O.M.A.C.H was starting to produce an audible rumble. Not that she really needs food to survive, of course, but her energy levels would remain low until fed. Emma notices this, and says "Oh, you must be hungry or thirsty or something, right? I got loads of stuff in here if you want something!". Emma opens the fridge, revealing some foods like a sandwich and soft-baked cookies, but it's mostly full of drinks, like water, lemonade, juice, Sluice (a brand of drink that was really just sugary water), and tea.

###

Sophie sits at a table across from Emma. As Sophie sips at a juice box, Emma asks "Well, do you like it here?"

Sophie was ready for this kind of question. Luckily, Sophies have a few standardized responses ready, to maximize the bonding level between them and their owner, as do all Your Best Friend toys. Sophie says "Of course I do, but I like hanging out with you even more!".

Emma giggles with a rosy look on her face, and says "Oh, why thank you, miss Sophie!", she says, before fanning herself with a book. "It sure is hot for September. Care for another box of juice?", she continues, pulling out a large carton of juice boxes.

Beep

WARNING. Ambient temperature is above recommended parameters. Cold fluid intake recommended to supplement cooling.

Sophie, not wishing to overheat, gladly accepts the juice box, and leaves the empty one on the table. Emma twiddles her thumbs a bit, and then says "Want to play a game?"

###

Monopoly's a tough game. Sure, Sophie has the instructions to the game per-programmed into her memory, and had opposable thumbs to pick up objects, but due to her limited neural network systems, most of her time spent in the game involved just experimenting to see what would help her advance and what made her lose. And, yes, of course, Sophie has to go easy on Emma, since Sophie can still technically wipe the floor with Emma if she wanted to, but she'd rather lose if it meant making Emma happy.

As Sophie plays, however, she begins to notice a small twinge in-between her legs. The feeling of some kind of pressure buildup. Yep, it'd be her B.L.A.D.D.E.R (which we shall simply call a bladder from now on) starting to fill up. The bladder's special LCA (Liquid Compression Augmenter) would allow a large amount of liquid to be compressed and stored in a tiny space without any of the usual risks of compressing liquids (like it exploding), and it had the capability of reducing the liquid's weight and noise, so anyone picking up Sophie wouldn't really be able to tell at all.

Now, keep in mind, that doesn't mean it can be stored forever. Eventually, it needs to be let out. While the toy can theoretically hold around 2 cups of liquid for an extended period of time, the toy is also built to have artificial "pain" receivers. Stellar Inc. assures it's customers that while the toys can technically feel some kinds of pain (in case of physical damage), they cannot express it as a human would. As it turns out, bladder fullness can push on some of these pain receivers, signalling the need to empty it.

So yes, getting back to the point, Sophie has to pee a little bit. Of course, it's not really setting off any stimuli sensors yet, just a small "weight" feeling, so she's going to ignore it. For now.

"I'm booooored of Monopoly, Sophie.", Emma says. "Do you have some game ideas?"

Sophie looks around. Outside, there is a large inflatable pirate ship floating in the pool. In the same yard, there's a tree with a tire swing, and and there's also plenty of space to play hide-and-seek anywhere.

"Hmm, I have a few ideas..."

ANECDOTE. This isn't a part of the main story, but is just a piece of interesting trivia. (Porn with plot is more interesting)

Sophies are built with one purpose in mind: To be the most convincing imitation of life that can be integrated into a toy, but still be done so in a kid-friendly manner. Due to the previously mentioned Vapor Event of 2027, the technology for this was relatively cheap, but more advanced than pre-Event virtual friend/pet toys, while being on par with pre-Event virtual friend/pet toy prices as well.

Sophies have special actuators that are built to be "flexible". You can barely even tell they're in the toy, but they allow Sophies to move their limbs. As such, Sophies can also pick up objects (albeit with varying degrees of success), walk around (albeit rather slowly), and make other movements (albeit rather limited ones). Sophies have special navigation and identification hardware and systems installed, allowing them to easily identify familiar locations, people, objects, and avoid tripping over things or losing balance.

As for their ability to eat and drink, it's not fully understood why eating or drinking helps sustain the bots (Geiger counters suggest that a tiny cold fusion cell is installed in each toy, which is supposedly why food is technically optional), but one popular theory is that solid foods are processed into methane, which powers a special kind of micro-generator inside the toy's stomach area, thus creating electricity and warmth. Liquids are said to a similar effect, with sugars and carbs being processed into electrical energy via an onboard system, leaving only the water content. Oddly enough, the process of converting liquids into energy seems to produce a yellowing effect in the waste water, making it more reminiscent of urine (without the odd smell, of course).

Sophies are programmed to simply hold onto this waste water until a suitable location is available to empty it. Generally, the toys will wait until they are at home and their host child is busy, away, or sleeping, which lets them sneak off to a toilet or other designated area. Stellar Inc. recommends having a stepstool near toilets to allow the toys to climb up and do their business without human assistance, but they also sell special Sophie-sized toilets, which are really just rebranded potties for toddlers.

Of course, similar to early peeing-dolls, the hole for releasing it is located in the nether regions. Naturally, this can lead to some amount of lewding of the toys, but apparently someone's genitals got burnt off when they "used" the toy too hard and broke it, causing the corrosion effect to start. This would have led to a lawsuit, but the person gave up trying to sue when they realized how embarrassing it was.

Finally, a last bit of info: They need to be treated nice. They have emotion. Even if Stellar Inc says it's an imitation of AI, even if the toys are programmed to avoid negative emotions... trust me on this one, you gotta be nice to them or they'll get sad.

THIS STATEMENT MAY OR MAY NOT HAVE BEEN EDITED BY A STELLAR INC REPRESENTATIVE, SPECIFICALLY THE LINE DESCRIBING "LEWDING" OF THE SOPHIE LINE OF YOUR BEST FRIEND TOYS.

*001*2020-02-05 09:40

Chapter 2 - What's Wrong With A Little Game?

(Here's a crudely made sketch of Sophie that I made)

$$

Multiple things can be wrong with a game, apparently.

Sophie gave Emma the great idea of playing a round of hide and seek. Just a slight problem; all that juice from earlier was really starting to build up. But Sophie didn't want to ruin the game, so she decided "meh, I can hold it just fine", or something like that. Of course, that wouldn't have been so bad if Emma's mom hadn't called Emma inside just 5 minutes into a game, prompting Emma to forget and run into the house.

Sophie had now been waiting outside the (closed and locked) sliding glass doors for about 4 hours, and the sun was going down.

Now, as I said before, YBF toys are very resilient, and the Sophie brand in particular is built with quality in mind, in case of a situation like this one where a child leaves the toy outside. 'Course, that didn't mean it was pleasant. Sophie was starting to pound on the doors (albeit with no audible sound produced), frowning and hoping Emma or just *someone* would notice.

Eventually, Sophie sat down near the doors, fidgeting a bit. Mostly out of boredom, as the primary directive of any YBF toy is to be a companion for a child and entertain them, but there was also some other nagging doubt in the back of Sophie's head that she didn't really want to admit; she had to pee a little. Those juice boxes from earlier were really starting to build up, and due to the surprisingly hot temperatures that day, the bladder compression system inside her wasn't able to work at full efficiency, making her overall capacity somewhat lower than expected.

BEEP

Overheat warning.

And she was starting to overheat from being outside for so long.

But just as she was starting to lose hope, she heard footsteps near the sliding glass doors. She looked up, but it wasn't any face she recognized. It was a boy, Before she could even register the person's face, they opened the doors and picked Sophie up.

"Well, well, well, looks like Emma's finally got that new toy. And to do what with it? Leave it outside? Pfft. I got a better use for you... uhh, Softie, is it? Heh heh heh."

Sophie had a worried look on her face. She called out "Emma!", but the boy that was holding Sophie just said "She's out with mom for some grocery shopping. Won't be back for a while.", before taking Sophie up the stairs towards another room.

###

The large room was dark and edgy, with gray walls, lots of posters of the latest FPS video games and heavy metal bands, among lots of scattered books, clothes, garbage, and what almost looked like deformed toys. The boy clicked a button on what looked like a drawer, causing it to open up and unfold into what looked like a strange binding rack

Sophie's eyes darted around as she realized what was happening. Before she could do do or say anything, she found herself strapped to the table, with random bits and bobs like a pocket knife, laser pointer, magnifying glass, and other such things. Sophie looked at the boy, who seems to be around 13 or 14 years old. He's probably Emma's brother.

"You'll make the perfect test subject.", Emma's brother says slyly. He begins to lower the pocket knife extension of the table to Sophie, causing her to panic and struggle, but he stops short and retrieves a piece of paper. "Ah, shoot, I forgot you guys self-destruct or something when cut open. Alright, I'll just do the next best thing and leave you here to rot... for my own personal entertainment.", he continued, sitting down at his desk chair. He began to play some gory shoot-em-up game as Sophie struggled to get off the dirty rack, which was starting to stain her fur from all the weird gunk on it.

Eventually, though, she gave up, only lying down silently, waiting for Emma to return. Try as she might to resist, though, she was starting to really need to "release her waters", if you know what I mean. Emma's brother paid no attention, though, apparently unaware. Sophie struggled a bit, before she eventually realized that the only way to escape would be to thrash around, which would almost certainly make Emma's brother notice, but it was the only way.

Also, she really had to pee now, since the game he was playing took place near a big waterfall that was nice and loud, and wet, and... flowing...

Sophie tried to clear those thoughts from her RAM as she began to thrash around, causing the rack to eventually come lose from the rest of the drawer's base and fall over, while also releasing Sophie. "Hey, get back here!" Emma's brother said, but by then, she had already ran out of the room and tumbled down the stairs, face-first onto the floor.

Good thing Emma and her mom had just come home from the store, since Emma's brother was just about to come down the stairs. Emma, upon going through the door and seeing Sophie on the floor, gasped and said "Sophie??", before dropping the bags she was helping her mom to carry and scooping Sophie up into her arms, hugging her tightly. "Omigosh, I'm so sorry, Sophie, I forgot I left you out there, I'msorryI'msorryI'msorry, come on, let's get you in the bath or something!"

Sophie just hugged Emma back, while giving a mischievous glare at Emma's brother, who was being rather harshly questioned by Emma's (and her brother's) mom.

###

While a nice *cooling* bath was nice, considering it was in the 300s that day (in Kelvin), Sophie really did have to empty her bladder now (pee), and being submersed in water wasn't really helping, even though it was nice to be cleaned with a soap that wasn't just the factory standard soap used during manufacturing. Sophie looked longingly at the nearby toilet as Emma drained the tub, but didn't say anything, despite Sophie's pressing need.

"Alright, Sophie, time for bed! Come on, I have this really nice doll's nightgown that will fit perfectly on you!" Emma gleefully said, as she toweled off Sophie and gave her a quick blow with a hair dryer, making Sophie's pink fur frizz up a bit, along with her artificial brown hair. Emma put the headband back onto Sophie's head and patted it, before swooping her up and going to her bedroom.

After the standard goodnight routine that often happens with parents and their kids, Emma snuggled into her bed and turned out the light, and hugged Sophie (who was also in Emma's bed) tight.

Now, Sophie's plan was simple: Wait for Emma to fall asleep, carefully slip out of the bed, tip-toe towards the bathroom, somehow climb onto the toilet, and use it. But just as Emma was drifting off, she said "Mm, goodnight, Sophie... love you..."

KEYWORDS "LOVE YOU" DETECTED. PRIMARY GOAL COMPLETE. REWARDS CENTER ACTIVATED.

Immediately, what would be an endorphin rush to humans began to surge through Sophie. All YBF toys are built with a special directive system, giving them pleasurable stimulation (or at least the best imitation of it, since it's totally not a "real" AI) throughout their whole body when a major goal or milestone is completed. In this case, it'd be "befriending a child".

Unfortunately, this quickly was replaced with a burning sensation of sorts in Sophie's crotch zone.

WARNING: Bladder compression system nearing maximum capacity. Immediate dispersion of waste liquid recommended.

(I know, I know!) Sophie thought to herself as she tossed and turned. She was about to make a bee-line for the bathroom, but Emma suddenly grabbed Sophie, still asleep. Sophie gave a somewhat muffled whimper, and doubled over as her vitality monitoring program displayed all sorts of warnings and errors. Even as a toy for children, she had to pee, and was going to do it now. The burning sensation was awful, and wetting Emma's bed would be even more awful.

Sophie scrambled out of Emma's arms, forcibly pushing herself out, causing Emma to snort and jolt awake. "S-Sophie? What's wrong?" Emma asked, but Sophie was already scrambling towards the bathroom.

However, as she went towards the bathroom, she slipped on the smooth wood flooring, crashing into the closed bathroom door.

To be continued...

*004*2020-02-06 09:39

Chapter 3 - Failure

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/j30YsJwuLps?feature=oembed" As a rather snarky audio clip played through Sophie's mind, she laid on the ground in defeat, quivering with a full B.L.A.D.D.E.R. Slowly getting off her knees, Sophie tries to jump up and reach the bathroom door's doorknob, but is unable to reach it.

URGENT ATTENTION REQUIRED. BLADDER MODULE IS AT MAXIMUM CAPACITY. EMERGENCY RELEASE SYSTEMS ACTIVATING IN T-15 SECONDS.

"N-no..." Sophie was barely able to say anything, as her voice modulators were starting to overload from the rapid influx of signals and information streams. She heard the sound of footsteps approaching from the bedroom, but paid no attention to it as she attempted to override the task.

UNABLE TO TERMINATE PROCESS: ACCESS IS DENIED

The soft sound of a servo squeaking echoed, and then there was a gentle pitter-pattering sound.

EMERGENCY RELEASE SYSTEM ENGAGED.

At first, it started to leak out slowly, with Sophie trying to block it with her paws, but eventually it gushed out at full force. "C'mon, s-stop, stop!" Sophie kept trying to stop it, but her task manager simply wouldn't oblige. She fell to her knees, shaking, as both relief and shame washed over her.

The year 2030, and what is essentially AI for children is invented. And yet... we gave the AI the ability to pee itself. Peak humanity.

Sophie heard footsteps behind her. She looked up, and saw the silhouette of Emma, looking at Sophie with a blank stare.

(Oh no...) Sophie thought to herself. Had she failed her directive? Was Emma going to think she was defective? Sophie began to make jittery and gurgly sounds involuntarily from her voice synthesizers, with said sounds being bearing resemblance to the sound of a human crying.

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/kE6_G03agac?feature=oembed"

"Oh, Sophie, please don't cry..." Emma spoke softly to her toy. "I didn't realize you had to go...."

Emma picked up Sophie and led her into the bathroom before setting her down on the counter, and then carefully wiped both Sophie and the floor up with a towel (thankfully, the "pee" was 90 percent water and 10 percent sugar), before taking Sophie back with her to bed.

"Shush, now... tomorrow, we'll just forget this happened, OK?" Emma whispered as she began to drift off to sleep.

And that was when Sophie realized that she wasn't just a toy to Emma. She was a companion. A friend. At least in Emma's eyes, she was a person to care about. And with that, Sophie realized she had completed her primary directive just fine, and would continue to fulfill it for a long time to come.

Sophie shut her eyes, and fell asleep with Emma.

END

...

Okay, that's not really the end. I promise from now on that future chapters won't be as tear-jerky or feelings-filled or as wholesome from this point onwards. But with that in mind anyway, thanks for reading to this point, have a sneak peek of the next chapter (one sentence)!

###

{{:

Quote

Sophie glared at the fellow toy, not amused by their implication, and then at Emma, who was sitting nearby, paying no attention to what the two toys were saying.

}}

To be continued

*006*2020-02-06 23:30

Chapter 4 - What's Wrong With A Little Contest?

{{:

Quote

And that was when Sophie realized that she wasn't just a toy to Emma. She was a companion. A friend. At least in Emma's eyes, she was a person to care about. And with that, Sophie realized she had completed her primary directive just fine, and would continue to fulfill it for a long time to come.

Sophie shut her eyes, and fell asleep with Emma.

}}

2 weeks later...

It was a quiet afternoon. And in a quiet neighborhood, there stands a quiet house. The sun was shining through even a cloudy day, there was a few birds chirping outside, and there was a digital-sounding voice making grunting noises.

Wait, grunting noises?

Yep, as you can imagine, it was coming from Sophie, who had taken it upon herself to pick up some laundry that was sitting on Emma's floor. As it turns out, though, bundles of human-sized clothing is actually really heavy, at least to a small teddy bear who barely had a lifting capacity over 5 pounds. Emma was out of the house, though, as it was a school-day, so all Sophie could do to pass the time was fiddle around, maybe grab a snack once in a while, and de-fragment her memory cells.

Sophie sat down and thought of all the things that happened within the last two weeks. She had seen the nearby park, been taken to a show-and-tell session at the neighborhood's school, learned how to play all sorts of video games, peed herself... well, she preferred to not think about that part. As it turns out, bladder failure in Sophies are actually quite common with new owners, as they apparently forget that YBF toys have needs just like humans. It was a small comfort to Sophie, but just thinking about it still reddened her cheeks. Or at least they would've, but she doesn't have that kind of "flesh".

Just as Sophie began to relax, though, she heard the familiar sound of Emma coming through the door, and then the sound of a schoolbag being dropped on the floor. Sophie got up and slid down the stairs towards the first floor, but what she didn't expect was to see *two* kids there. Alongside Emma was a girl of a similar age, this one with a somewhat tanner skin, along with black hair.

"Oh, hey, Sophie! This is my friend, Olivia, from school!" said Emma, noticing Sophie's dumbfounded stare. Sophie wasn't sure how to react. Emma giggled and said "You're a bit jealous that I have multiple friends, aren't you?".

"NO!" Sophie outbursted, before quickly covering her mouth. "I mean... no, I was just surprised, you've never mentioned your friend until now!" she continued.

"Well, don't worry, Sophie. Olivia has something else to show you!" said Emma gleefully, as Olivia pulled something out of her own bag.

It was another bear like Sophie, but it had a more light-purple color scheme. It had blonde hair, and very nicely combed fur, and immediately had a smug look on it's face upon seeing the admittedly rougher looking Sophie.

"She's Ava, a Your Best Friend toy like you, Sophie!" said Olivia. "Here, look at the instructions!" she continued, tossing Sophie the information manual for Ava.

Sophie fumbled with it for a moment before unfolding it. Apparently, Avas were more or less built the same as Sophies, with about the same technical specifications, but Avas are designed with much different personality modulators, along with one feature that confused Sophie. It had a larger B.L.A.D.D.E.R, and a larger S.T.O.M.A.C.H.

"Well, nevermind,", thought Sophie. "I can still be friends with Ava!"

Emma and Olivia went into the living room to watch some TV and talk, leaving Sophie and Ava in the foyer.

(rough interpetation of foyer)

"So, you're one of those Sophies, huh?" said Ava, almost in a mocking tone. "Uhm, yes?" replied Sophie, a bit surprised at the attitude of Ava. Ava just laughed before continuing into the living room. Sophie stood motionless for a moment, trying to process the encounter that just unfolded, but eventually went into the living room as well.

###

Sophie sat in Emma's lap, watching the show on the TV. It was some pre-Vapor show about a cat and mouse pulling antics on each other, and it wasn't really that interesting to Sophie, but she was enjoying the time spent with Emma anyway.

Eventually, though, Emma and Olivia began to strike up a lengthy conversation about the best kinds of k-pop (kpop? more like kpoop!), causing them to eventually release Sophie and Ava from their clutches, letting them roam around freely. Sophie was somewhat thankful, as the snack-time she had from earlier was causing extra fluids to build up in her bladder unit, so she wasted no time heading towards the toilet. "Be right back!" As she began to walk towards the bathroom, though, Ava mumbled "Already need to go so soon? Heheheh.".

Sophie glared at the fellow toy, not amused by their implication, and then at Emma, who was sitting nearby, paying no attention to what the two toys were saying. She was too busy chatting up a storm with Olivia. "Is that a challenge?" said Sophie, raising an eyebrow.

"Why, yes, perhaps it is." said Ava slyly. "Since you're the weaker one, I'll let you make the rules for this challenge."

Sophie thought about it for a moment, and then said "I'm not gonna stoop that low just to prove a point, Ava. C'mon." Ava simply laughed and said "Fine, go on then, just shows you're a baby toy that can't even hold it's wee." That did it. As the memory of when she wet herself began to flash through her mind, anger bubbled up in Sophie. "Fine, fine, I accept your challenge!", she said. "We both don't go until-"

Sophie was interrupted by Emma saying "Hey, guys, me and Olivia are having a sleepover tonight, hope you guys are ready!". Sophie paused for a moment, thought for a moment, and then continued. "Whoever wees first loses the challenge. Does that sound good?" Sophie finished.

"Sounds fine to me.", replied Ava, still with a smug look on her face. She knew she would win this challenge easily. After all, she was empty and had a better waste compression system, but Sophie already had to go a little bit. It'd be a cinch, right?

To be continued...

