HARD BOILED LEGS: A Megan and Sarah mystery adventure - Page 3

Author: frostyjr2

*051*2013-12-27 07:20

Thanks for the xmas wishes, folks !

The next chapter of the story will most likely be up on Saturday...

@orango and i will see you then, we hope !

*052*2013-12-28 10:55

It seems that our story has now passed the milestone of 5k views here.

@orango and i would both like to thank each and every one of you who has taken the time to read along, and for those who took the extra time to comment, it truly means the world to us both...

Please keep reading along, and letting us know how you feel about Megan and Sarah (and little Erica, of course.)

Thanks, a million thanks... and now, on to our next part of the story !

CHAPTER 8:

TABLE MANNERS

The diners had been seated at their assigned places around the dinner table when their host rose to his feet and called for their attention. They all turned towards him expectantly as he began to address the group. His voice was very soft and low, but his accent and vocabulary were quite clearly upper class.

Oxford, or Eton... possibly Harrow, Sarah mused. Definitely top drawer background and education, and no doubt about it!

"You are probably all wondering why you have been gathered here for the weekend. Well, I have decided to take the company in a new direction, and we will be expanding into a new market for us," said Lord Daghly.

"I am assembling the team that will make this possible, and all of you are candidates for various positions on that team. I say 'candidates', because it is how you will all conduct yourselves this weekend which will determine your aptitude, competence, and general suitability to the positions for which you are being considered."

Megan wondered whether she would be considered suitable for any position at all if she wet herself in front of her bosses. Beneath the table her legs were bobbing furiously, but somehow from the waist up, she still managed to appear calm and composed. Her hands were clasped together in front of her, resting on the table top, in a pose that suggested she was entirely captivated by what Lord Daghly was saying to them all. In actual fact, her mind was firmly on her heavily burdened and rapidly filling bladder, and on preventing its contents from spilling out all over the place.

The man could very well have been discussing plans for world domination beginning with the usual invasion of Poland, and she'd have still been smiling sweetly at him.

As Cervin leaned over and nudged her out of her little trance, he proceeded to fill her glass with red wine, having completely failed to ask if she actually wanted any or not. Deliberately and fixatedly looking forwards to avoid eye contact with him, she found herself gazing instead into the incredibly pretty but utterly terrifying grey eyes of Wan Yu, who was now looking back at her with a bemused yet vaguely contemptuous expression. At once Megan felt something stir deep within her soul, something she had only ever felt with Sarah until now, and they looked into each other’s eyes for just a little too long to remain comfortable. She managed a little embarrassed smile before looking away, and then mumbled a hushed "Thank you" to Cervin as he moved on.

OMG, is it possible for me to feel any more like a little girl right now? she thought.

Out the corner of her eye, she could see Wan Yu still staring at her, and she took a sip of the wine just to have something to distract herself from the fact. Pleasantly surprised by its bright fresh flavour, she glanced at the bottle in Cervin’s hand, and saw that it was her favourite, a 2009 vintage Beaujolais.

As the butler moved around Sarah and began to pour the wine into her glass, she noticed something quite strange. While the rest of his gloved right hand was curled around the wine bottle, for some reason his middle finger remained extended in a manner which would have struck Sarah as quite rude if it had been intentional.

How odd, she thought to herself, before returning her full attention to His Lordship, who was still addressing them all.

"Yes, this is a sort of test you will be taking. I wish you all good luck, for each of you has come highly recommended to me," he said.

Although Megan was trying her best to concentrate on what Lord Daghly was saying, at that very moment her bladder was giving another major spasm of discomfort. Still feeling herself under the stern and watchful gaze of Wan Yu, Megan felt herself withering.

Suddenly feeling very self-conscious, she desperately wanted to look as natural as possible, but the overwhelming urge to pee that was currently raging within her was in obvious and direct conflict with that. Nevertheless, she made the effort to relax just a little. Stopping her legs from bobbing and taking a deep breath, she resigned herself to the fact that she would be stuck here for at least another hour, if not more. In the moment that followed, just as a little jet of wee shot from her body to dampen the crotch of her panties, she tensed up again, resuming the ferocious jiggling of her legs unabated. OMG, relaxing even a tiny bit really wasn't an option! It was incredible how one's priorities could do a complete 180 in a single heartbeat (or rather, in a single desperate squirt from one's wee hole).

Oh god, please not now! Hold it! she shrieked inside her head, holding her breath until the wave had subsided a fraction.

With her hands trembling from the sudden rush of adrenaline that almost wetting yourself in public gives you, and still under the incessant gaze of Wan Yu, she gently placed the wine glass that she was still holding back onto the table. Giving a little involuntary shiver as she struggled to hold in another squirt that was already teetering on the brink of escape, an extraordinarily desperate and squirmy Megan wriggled to the edge of her chair. She was resolute that she was absolutely not going to have an accident at the dinner table, no way! The humiliation was too much to even contemplate.

Coming to sit with her torso tightly against the table top, she hoped her legs were now tucked completely under and out of sight of her fellow diners. It may not have looked particularly natural to be sitting in such a way, but it would at least allow her the opportunity of giving herself a much needed squeeze, and hopefully without broadcasting the fact that she was in dire need of a wee to the entire room. She quickly ran a hand up the inside of her thigh beneath her dress, and pressed her fingers into the now warm and damp material of her knickers.

OMG, that's much better! she thought to herself, breathing a little sign of relief as her fingers massaged her pee hole.

"As for your clothing and your surroundings, we live here as though it were still 1940, but as if we were in the USA. It is a particularly interesting time and place for me, a time of rare elegance, opulence and abundance, quite unlike the deprivations we were already beginning to experience here in England due to the war." Daghly continued, in an even softer voice, "Yes, those were very desperate times for us indeed."

Megan felt another little burst of heat inside her panties, and her fingers moistened as he said those words. 'Desperate times indeed', I know that feeling...

Lord Daghly spoke with an almost wistful tone in his voice, and Megan noticed that Wan Yu was at last giving her attention back to him. Relieved, although not in the way she truly needed to be, she tried to concentrate on the matter at hand (and not the hand that was currently massaging her privates beneath the table).

"I lived through all that as a child, but now choose to relive that era in a more pleasant manner. I trust that you will not find it too unpleasant to indulge me in this."

"What about our laptops and mobile phones?" the small Asian gentleman asked. "Will we be able to use them?"

"As these things did not exist in the aforementioned era, I would simply ask that you refrain from their use while you are guests here at the manor. I hope sincerely that you will all abide by my wishes."

He sounded rather more stern as he said those last words, Sarah thought.

“And now, shall we dine?” he asked, looking at his wife.

Lady Daghly nodded her agreement.

<TO BE CONTINUED>

*061*2014-01-01 05:41

Happy New Year, and may 2014 bring you lots of hap'pee'ness !

<3, frosty and orango

*066*2014-01-04 14:01

Thanks for the New Year's wishes, folks !

Now, the holidays are over, and it's back to work.

So, we have laboured mightily to bring forth the latest chapter of 'Hard Boiled Legs'...

We hope you like it, and that you mightl take a moment to post a brief comment after you read.

TIA !

CHAPTER 9:

SPEAK LOW

“You may begin serving, Cervin,” Lady Daghly said, cueing the start of the meal.

Megan nudged Sarah as she giggled softly at that.

“Stop being so silly,” Sarah scolded, although she actually found it pretty funny herself.

Hansom, who was seated on the other side of Megan, smiled however, and gave her a little wink, letting her know he had gotten the joke also.

The small, bespectacled Asian man who had been conversing with Wan Yu Gigg earlier looked over to their side of the table and said, "I'm sorry, we haven't met yet. I'm the Chief Systems Analyst and Director of Computer Operations; Mao Tse Undalingg is the name."

His English was precise, his accent faint and hard for Sarah to determine, although she had quite the ear for it.

"Sarah Morgan, and this is Megan Parker," Sarah said in reply. "Where are you from, Mr. Undalingg? I detect a slight accent, but I can't place it."

"I am originally from Tibet, Ms. Morgan. Educated in England, however, and I have resided here ever since my days at university."

"Then you are a virtual Sherpa of Information Technology, aren't you?" Sarah quipped.

"I am indeed," the man across the table said in reply, smiling broadly now.

The meal was both delicious and sumptuous and the conversation was witty and urbane; with Sarah on one side and Hansom on the other keeping up a steady stream of jokes and commentary, Megan almost even forgot about her desperate state for a while, and was now distractedly drinking frequently from both her wine and water glasses. Meanwhile, Sarah discreetly made sure that Cervin kept refilling both of Megan's glasses every time they became even half empty, making it impossible for her to keep track of how much she had actually consumed.

The pretty young woman Lady Daghly had referred to earlier as Ms. Hohl was seated across the table from them and to the far right, and she took the opportunity to introduce herself now. Her voice was soft and musical, with an unmistakable Irish lilt to it.

"Hullo, I'm Firenda," she said with a charming smile. "Firenda Hohl."

Megan and Sarah exchanged a glance at that before introducing themselves in turn, as did Hansom, who seemed quite unable to keep his eyes off of the lovely brunette, even with the stunning Wan Yu sitting almost directly in front of him.

"Firenda; that's an unusual name; I don't think I've ever heard it before," Hansom said, looking across the table at her intently.

"It's not really a name at all," Megan said with a tipsy little giggle. "It's more of a description."

Wan Yu smiled just a little now at Megan's remark.

"What do you mean?" Hansom queried.

"Well, the word 'renda' in Portuguese means income, or revenue... and Fi is often used as a short form of Fidelis, which in Latin means faithful, or loyal." Megan smiled at the girl across the table from her as she spoke. "So your name could be interpreted as 'dependable moneymaker.' "

Sarah couldn't believe what she was seeing at this point, but it looked as if the frosty and formidable Wan Yu was actually smiling outright at Megan now, impressed with her linguistic prowess!

"A dependable moneymaker, eh? Well, that makes you every businessman's dream, then, doesn't it?" Hansom smiled at Firenda, and they both laughed now.

Hansom was actually feeling a bit envious of Mao Tse, who had had the good fortune to be seated between the two lovelies, Firenda and Wan Yu. Although quite frankly, the latter was far too intimidating for the average man to handle, Hansom Swain was no average man. And ironically, the proof of it to Sarah was that he remained focused on Firenda, despite Wan Yu's striking good looks and her superior position within the company, where a lesser man would have made a right fool of himself flattering and fawning over the exotic beauty to no avail.

Sarah's unerring 'gaydar', as she liked to call it, had never failed her; for example, it had let her know about Megan before she had even realized it herself. Now it was telling her that Wan Yu Gigg had no use for any man, other than as a means to advance her career.

She's a lesbian through and through; it takes one to know one, as the saying goes, Sarah thought to herself. It's easy enough for me to tell... but how does HE know? she wondered.

Meanwhile, Wan Yu leaned over across the table towards Megan and said, "I'm-", but before she could finish...

"Oh, I know who you are," Megan interrupted. "You're Wan Yu Gigg."

Megan couldn't bring herself to look into those beautiful steel grey eyes, so she lowered her head demurely.

"You have quite an interesting name yourself; ‘Wan’ is of Chinese origin and it means 'Gentle,' or 'Gracious', while the name 'Yu' is of Japanese origin and it means 'Kind', or 'Tender'. So, according to your name, you are gentle and tender."

Wan Yu gave a hearty laugh at that and replied, "I'm sure most people who know me would not say that was the case, my dear. Au contraire..." but she smiled warmly at Megan now, there was no mistaking it.

Unable to prevent herself from feeling a brief twinge of jealousy, Sarah now turned towards Megan and gave her the look Megan had come to call 'The Ray'… it was a discreet warning that she was overstepping her bounds and had better go back to being a demure and obedient little girl again immediately. Which, of course, she did...

By the time they had gotten around to coffee and dessert, however, Megan was very tipsy and very desperate. Not only that, but with Sarah and Hansom on either side of her, and both Wan Yu and Firenda in front of her, there was a beautiful person there no matter which way she looked, and between that, her sensual underwear, her tipsiness and her need to pee, she was getting quite aroused as well. The only respite from the virtual assault of good looks around her was Mao Tse, but by the time the meal ended, she was so beside herself with desire that even he was beginning to look attractive to her.

As Megan was gripping herself hard again under what she thought was the privacy of the table, Sarah looked down towards her lover's lap and watched momentarily as Megan pressed and prodded at the crotch of her damp knickers with renewed vigour.

If Megan was entirely honest with herself, however, that hand between her legs was no longer simply to help hold back her pee (although it was certainly still right there on the brink); it was also feeling pretty wonderful in other ways.

Giving Megan another little nudge in the side, Sarah glared at her with wide eyes.

As the realisation dawned on Megan that she now wasn't being quite as discreet as she had been earlier, she immediately withdrew her fingers from between her shapely thighs as her cheeks reddened yet again. At the sudden loss of external pressure, several small spurts spluttered out before she could clamp them off. Bending forwards and pressing her thighs together, she smoothed down her dress over her legs, pretending that she couldn't feel a trickle of wee dribbling out of her at that very moment.

Glancing around to see if anyone had noticed her wandering hand, she was thankful to see that Hansom's eyes were still fixated on the lovely Firenda, and she started to breathe a little sigh of relief; that was, until she noticed Wan Yu's wry and knowing smile.

Oh God, that didn't just happen... Megan thought to herself, all too aware that it really just had.

Over the low hum of general conversation, Lord Daghly suddenly made an announcement. "We shall now retire to the salon for after dinner drinks and a smoke, if anyone cares to do so."

Hansom quickly rose from his place and nodded to Megan and Sarah in turn before crossing over to the other side of the table. He pulled back Firenda's chair as she stood, and then took her arm to escort her back to the salon.

As the other diners rose from the table and also began drifting back to the salon for a round of after dinner cordials, Cervin and an ever-so-slightly squirming little Erica were standing ready to begin clearing the remains of the meal. However, Megan remained seated even as Sarah got up from her chair, fearing that any movement at all might result in her wetting herself uncontrollably at this point.

"Are you coming, Megan?" Wan Yu asked, looking at her quite intently now.

"We'll be along in just a moment," Sarah said. "You go on ahead."

Wan Yu smiled another wry and rather cryptic smile, saying, "I'll see you later, then," before she went off to join the others in the salon.

By now, Megan was not just a wee bit tipsy, and was once again thinking about making a dash for the loo… but then she realized that she still had no idea where one was located in this gigantic manor house.

There was none in either of their rooms, she had noticed.

The manor was old and had probably been built back in the days of the chamber pot, but you would think that at some point they would have renovated, wouldn’t you?

Poor Megan couldn’t really think very clearly at all at this point; her brain felt as if it was floating on the ocean of pee that seemed to be filling every bit of space inside her body. She started to perspire slightly with the effort of holding back the tide that threatened to engulf her at any moment now. Her bladder ached and her hands trembled as she fought valiantly against her most basic of needs, and just as she thought that the moment had come, as she was finally about to start weeing uncontrollably right there in her seat...

Sarah grasped her hand firmly, and said, “Come on, let’s pay our compliments to the chef for that excellent meal, shall we? Cervin, would you please direct us to the kitchen?”

“But… I really need to…” Megan stammered, blushing as she looked down.

“Don’t worry, sweetie, this won’t take long, I promise.”

Sarah smiled to herself again in anticipation of delaying the moment Megan would finally be allowed to pee indefinitely.

<TO BE CONTINUED>

