Adeleines desperation

Author: BrickInkling

*000*2015-01-29 22:10

(Written by Kaptain Kibble, proofreaded by the-irish-clover of deviantart :http://the-irish-clover.deviantart.com/

)

It was a calm normal day on the planet of Popstar, the bright star shaped planet. At one small part of it, in a bright open field alongside a path, stood a girl in a green smock, a red beret and short black pants underneath her grey skirt as well. Her hair was black in colour, too. She was standing on one of the few big stumps leftover from trees that had been cut down in front of a canvas. She was Adeleine, a young artist that had travelled to this part of Popstar to practice her artistic skills.

She had been doing this one drawing for two hours, having woken up early just to start the day with her first painting, which was the sun and some of the still standing trees. Beneath it, about three Pew Brew empty energy drinks lay, all drank and littered near her bag that she carried her art supplies in, though while she was trying to colour it in, she had been ignoring her bladder that had been filling up. She didn’t pay any attention to the occasional light tingle in her tummy. But she noticed a small shimmer pass by her eyes for a second that snapped her out of her focus.

Adeleine looked confused. She saw that the shimmer had come from an odd crystal that had landed beside her. She picked it up wondering, where it had come from, looking up briefly to try and see if a bird dropped it, but the sky still was clear. She shrugged with a smile, thinking it would be a great memento, though when she looked back to her canvas, she saw an odd black sketch. It had overtaken her picture of the sun all so suddenly, gaining a big eye in the centre of it. It leapt out from the canvas at her. The last thing the artistic girl saw was darkness.

Though only moments after her possession, a group of three were running toward her. The first one in the group consisted of someone with light red fur, being short in height. It was a Waddle Dee, one of the common dozen of the Dreamland inhabitants. Another of the followers was a pink haired fairy girl flying with her wings and in a red dress. She was Ribbon, a somewhat young fairy who was there to gather the broken Crystal Shards like one the artist had the misfortune of finding. The leader of the group, though, was a short pink puffball that looked worried. He was Kirby, a hero to all of Popstar. He had the ability to inhale an enemy to gain their powers. They looked to the canvas on the stump nervously, seeing the girl in the green smock standing there. She turned around to face them, unveiling a somewhat evil expression. Kirby got ready to fight, the other two stepping back to let him handle it, knowing they would only slow him down.

The battle didn’t last long. The pink sphere only had to inhale a few enemies and spit them back out to win. Adeleine laid on the ground, somewhat unconscious. She began to wake back up, blinking curiously. She sat up, noticing a lot of paint splattered around that had come from the destroyed drawings. Ribbon was holding the Crystal Shard happily. The artist girl saw the three, the pink puffball giving a small wave. She began to remember what had just occurred, feeling guilt wash over her, though she was distracted from something.

Those three drinks she had were starting to catch up to her. It wasn’t bad for now. Just a light tingle in her bladder. She ignored it, getting up, thinking she had to help the group since they were clearly trying to deal with that weird monster that had possessed her as it had done to Waddle Dee before. She gathered all her art supplies and looked to the group, her bag over her shoulder, wondering if they would accept her. Kirby happily nodded, always enjoying a new friend to spend time with. Thus, they all continued onward.

It had taken a good hour long walk to arrive to their next destination, which appeared to be the outside of a castle. Kirby seemed happy to be here. The castle belonged to the all too familiar King Dedede, a well-known person in the land that was an overweight penguin who became ruler through an odd monarchy. Adeleine was a bit behind the group. Her bladder was full. She wasn’t able to run as much as they were, though the main reason she stayed behind a bit was to occasionally relieve her pressure by grabbing her groin. She had one hand holding herself, while her thighs were crushed somewhat. Her bladder wasn’t at its limit, but it was reminding her constantly that she needed relief now.

Though, before Adeleine could regain her composure, she suddenly felt something poke her back that startled her, forcing her to release a spurt of urine that dampened her pants lightly. She could feel it, but thankfully her skirt would cover it. She looked to see what had poked her. It was Waddle Dee who was looking up at her worriedly. The young artist had a blush on her face, but she could tell he was worried since she had been getting slower and slower, but after seeing her desperate dance, he could perhaps assume safely what was wrong.

Adeleine had to just let her muscles handle it and hold back her overfilled bladder. She dug around in her bag, wanting to give him something so he would be distracted with it and not her. She pulled out a blue bandanna that she normally used like a glorified scarf. She crouched down and wrapped it around Waddle Dee’s head. The small red person looked up at himself, smiling. He ran off to catch up to the rest of the group to show them. Adeleine was somewhat relieved, but she felt a sharp pain in her abdomen. She bounced uncomfortably, seeing the draw bridge to the castle coming into view. It was really big in size, one thing that always astounded her was how the king could always rebuild his castle so fast. The group headed inside, Adeleine hoping to find a toilet somewhere within the castle.

Once inside, Adeleine could see the fancy interior to the castle, watching Kirby already heading up the stairs in a rush with Ribbon and Waddle Dee in tow to gather more of the Crystal Shards that could have been scattered through the castle. The raven haired girl looked around, hoping to find a bathroom. Her bladder had grown impatient. She felt too desperate to wait anymore. She didn’t have to look far to find the bathroom, though. Adeleine had a smile, grabbing the doorknob, but it rattled, being locked. It was occupied. She moaned, rubbing herself a little in agony, feeling more urine escape her from between her legs crossed. She rushed back outside in hopes to find somewhere private to open the flood gates.

To her dismay though, the draw bridge had been raised. She could only feel her control wain. Urine was beginning to leak out, dampening her pants and panties even more by the second. She had a small amount of pee running down her inner thigh. She just wanted to let herself go, but with all the odd servants of the king around, there was no privacy. Though Adeleine looked up, seeing Kirby, Ribbon and Waddle Dee all using the draw bridge like a platform to get to another part of the castle.

The artist girl knew where they were going thinking, she could get there fast and hopefully find somewhere to pee before she had an accident. It was better than waiting outside the bathroom for an unsure amount of time. She did her best to run to the other part of the castle, but her bladder slowing her down was even worse now. Adeleine could barely hold out with just one hand and her thighs crushed together. Most of the doorways to other parts of the castles were excruciating long hallways when she finally reached the end of one hallway. She opened the door.

Adeleine had water in her eyes, seeing the room. It was a big stairwell that went up to the roof of the castle. She could see Kirby and company already on the other side of the staircases. The pink puffball waved to her happily, insisting for her to hurry as the three headed for the roof. Adeleine looked to the center of the room. The sound of a lot of water was the final straw for her bladder. She was hunched over, shaking. Her bladder sloshed uncomfortably. She saw the big fountain spraying the water out.

Ado couldn’t hold it anymore. She didn’t see anyone else around now, so she took a minor hiding by one of the staircases and went into a squatting position. She lifted her grey skirt somewhat and pulled down her pants and panties. There was a cold chill in the room that didn’t make her feel any better. Adeleine stayed squatting. It only took moments for her to start letting out a light trinkle of warm pee onto the floor. She strained, wishing she could let out more of her urine.

Her bladder wasn’t relieving itself too fast. It was a small stream, but suddenly, she heard something. Looking over her shoulder to door she entered through, Adeleine saw a waddle doo staring from it its big eye focusing on her. She was so ashamed and embarrassed for someone to catch her bottomless like this. She stopped her flow forcefully and quickly pulled her panties and pants up before running up the stairs in embarrassment, her bladder wanting to continue its relief, though she had stopped before she was even a quarter of the way done.

Once on the roof, Adeleine was stopped in her run. An oversized hammer slammed down in front of her that startled her, making her fall flat on her bottom. She felt a sense of relief beginning to wash over her. She realized what it was fast, grabbing her crotch, but there was no stopping it. The flood gates were open. Adeleine heard a light hissing as her grey skirt got a dark stain on it. A puddle of urine began to pool around her. She was ashamed, feeling the warm wet feeling spread across her crotch and thighs. She was tearful while peeing herself feeling like a child to have had an accident like this.

Ado saw the overweight penguin in royal red robes that had swung the hammer at her in the first place. He was standing in front of her having, the same dark look in his eyes like she had when possessed. Adeleine gulped her tear stained face, looking up in fear, before she saw him get hit in the back by a bomb that blasted him away, knocking him to one of the far corners of the rooftop and rendering him unconscious. The shadowy Dark Matter exited his body and flew to the sky to escape. Ribbon grabbed the Crystal Shard that Dedede dropped happily, though the group looked to their artistic friend in worry, Waddle Dee still wearing the bandanna she had gifted him. They ran over to help Dedede up, Kirby approaching the young artist and standing her up.

Adeleine looked at herself to survey the damage. Her socks were wet and squishy in her shoes. The front of her grey skirt had a huge dark stain on it and the back of it wasn’t any better underneath it. However she was a lot worse off, her black pants hiding the urine stain well was damp from front to back. She felt a lot more relieved though and relaxed like some excitement had taken over. She couldn’t exactly put her finger on why she felt so good after this accident. She wiped the tears off her cheeks with her shirt sleeves. She reassured her friends she was fine. They couldn’t ignore gathering the important crystal fragments just because she had wet herself. She got a light hug from Ribbon like an apology. She giggled, breaking the embrace. Kirby ran off, jumping from the roof, having an easy way to safely land, Ribbon flying off to follow.

Adeleine blushed, reaching under her skirt and pulling down her soggy pants, leaving nothing but her white panties on underneath. They were mostly yellow now. She stored her pants in her bag before running off to follow her friends thinking she'd just have to tolerate it, until her clothes dried. She just was happy her friends weren't mocking her for it, she had a small smile while the group went off to continue on their adventure.

(Hope you enjoyed the fic, sorry if it wasn't that good we're a bit rusty. Either way thank you for reading, this was based on adeleine from kirby and the crystal shards.)

*002*2015-01-30 10:58

{{: 

I loved Kirby 64, it was one of my favorite games for the N64! The attention to detail was rather good, I wonder what your next story will be!

}}

Thank you so much good sir, I'm glad to hear you think so.

And I got no idea, yet.

