Scheming Roomies

Author: MissVermilion

*000*2014-12-15 03:30

A/N: Had this in my head for a while and finally got around to starting it. I've tried to write it in a way that's still enjoyable for those unfamiliar with Wicked- but if there's anything that's unclear, please let me know. There should be several updates, although I'm not sure how soon I'll get around to posting them! Further to that, I think all I need to say is "Enjoy" :)

“Miss Elphaba!” Galinda’s legs twisted around one another, causing her satin nightgown to slide across her smooth, ivory skin. She pounded on the bathroom door again, her anger towards her roommate rising at an alarming rate, equated only by that of her desperation. “Miss Elphaba, if you don’t open this door right now, you will be extremely sorry!”

Finally, the lock clicked and the door opened just a fraction, allowing Galinda to see the smirking face of her roommate who was still denying her access.

“What’s the hurry, Miss Galinda?” Elphaba asked smoothly, her dark eyes taking in the twisted posture of her harried roommate with amusement.

“You know perfectly well why I’m in a hurry!” Galinda hissed, trying and failing to impede her squirming while she was visible to her roommate.

“And yet you’d never admit to it in so many words.” Elphaba threw one last cursory glance over her desperate roommate, and then opened the door fully, allowing Galinda to duck under her arm and fly into the bathroom. She removed her long, green fingers just in time to prevent them from becoming painfully trapped in the door as Galinda slammed it shut behind herself.

Not two seconds later, she heard the hissing sound of her roommate urinating forcefully into the toilet bowl and grinned to herself, pausing to savour the sound before moving leisurely back to her bed to wait for Galinda’s reappearance.

She emerged from the bathroom several minutes later and stormed straight over to where Elphaba was nestled in bed with a book, looking positively livid.

“I suppose you find yourself amusing.”

“Why, I’m sure I have no idea what you mean, Miss Galinda,” Elphaba replied idly, turning a page in her book.

“You know perfectly well what I mean!” Galinda exploded, her voice rising in pitch as she lost her temper entirely, “You’ve seen what sort of state I end up in when you deny me access to the bathroom first thing in the morning and yet you still insist on spending hours in there every single day! Do you do it just to spite me? I don’t believe for a second that you’re in there beautifying yourself as you look just as hideous when you reemerge!”

Finally Elphaba set her book down and gave her roommate the benefit of her full attention, albeit with her eyes narrowed dangerously. “It’s curious, Miss Galinda,” she said, her voice low and threatening, “That whenever you try to insult me, the focus always returns to my looks, irrespective of the situation. You’d think a student of Oz’s most renowned university would be able to think up a remark rather more intelligent every now and then.”

And with that, she stood abruptly, took one of her shapeless black shifts from her limited collection and swept back into the bathroom, leaving Galinda alone and flustered.

All throughout the day, Galinda’s mind was so consumed by her roommate and her injustice that she could barely focus on her classes. In the final lecture of the day- Doctor Dillamond’s History class, which she never paid much attention in anyway- Galinda spent the hour mulling over the ways in which she might be able to pay Elphaba back for the trouble she was causing her. For Elphaba’s actions were getting to Galinda in a way much deeper than the green girl could possibly know.

In her younger years, Galinda had struggled with the capacity of her bladder for far longer than was deemed socially acceptable for a woman of her class. In other words, she had been the sufferer of many a bedwetting accident until the age of fourteen. It was then that she had decided that enough was enough- wetting the bed was humiliating and it needed to stop.

Initially, she had tried simply drinking less in the evenings. When that had failed, Galinda had taken to setting an alarm halfway through her rest. When it went off, she would force herself to rise from her bed and stumble groggily to the bathroom to empty her bladder before going back to sleep. That seemed to work better. While she hated having to interrupt her beauty sleep in that manner, Galinda had recognised that desperate times called for desperate measures and her sleep would just have to suffer for the time being. It had been her intention to set the alarm to wake her a little later each night in order to train her bladder to go that little bit longer without being emptied- but this had proven unnecessary. She soon grew to be such a light sleeper that each night she would come to expect the alarm to go off; which, in turn, gradually resulted in her being awoken by a full bladder in time to avoid wetting.

As she had grown older, Galinda had acquired the ability to go the full night without peeing and without setting her trusty alarm- though she had never been able to rid herself of that desperate, irrepressible need to urinate immediately upon awakening. Now, at the age of eighteen and a university student, Galinda had no reason to consider herself a bedwetter any longer.

The one exception to this- which Galinda tried her hardest not to think about on the grounds of it being extremely humiliating- was her very first night spent at Shiz University. Her cheeks flamed as the memory of that night came to her now, despite her best attempts to suppress it.

She had awoken in the early hours of the morning and had known instantly what had happened. The entire lower half of her body felt consumed by that awful, familiar wetness. Still, Galinda had pushed her blankets to her knees to view her accident for herself, refusing to accept that she had reverted back to the habit she had tried so incredibly hard to offload as a young teenager. But the evidence was there, and she couldn’t hide it. The front of her nightgown shone with a steady stream of dampness which started at her crotch and continued, unhindered, right down to the very hem. The back of her nightgown was soaked.

Galinda stared down at the puddle in her bed she had created. The liquid was beginning to grow cold, and the lower temperature nipped harshly at her skin, finally rousing her from the semi-dreamlike state she had fallen into. With a start she remembered Elphaba and glanced fearfully over to the neighbouring bed as she threw her blankets back over herself to hide her lower half. But thankfully her roommate was still sleeping soundly, oblivious to the entire incident. Galinda breathed a sigh of relief, but reached for her long, silk dressing gown to wrap around herself before sliding her legs out of bed. She wasn’t taking any chances.

It was only after changing into a fresh nightgown and padding softly back to her bed that Galinda realised she would have to do something about her soiled bedding. It wasn’t as though she could simply ring for her maid to take care of the situation the way she could have done back home in Gillikin.

Tears sprung to Galinda’s eyes and she let out an irrepressible sob, suddenly feeling incredibly homesick. She might have descended into fully committed sobs, had it not been that Elphaba had chosen that moment to stir restlessly in her sleep, immediately receiving Galinda’s attention. Brushing away her tears, she quickly slipped back into bed, taking great pains to avoid the rather large and now-very-cold wet patch. As she did so, she felt a rush of burning hatred towards her roommate consume her.

If it hadn’t been for Elphaba approaching their headmistress, Madame Morrible, and claiming to be room-less the previous day, Galinda would not have been forced to share with her, and instead would have received her own, private room as initially intended. Then she would have had the peace and privacy to think logically about this situation and deal with it accordingly. Galinda did cry then; albeit as quietly as she could. Lying between peed-in sheets, she could not possibly help but feel extremely sorry for herself.

The next day she had attended classes as though nothing had happened, then spent time with her new friends Pfannee, Shenshen and Milla as though nothing had happened. It was only when she returned to her room that evening, a huge sense of dread hanging over her, that she finally resolved to deal with her dirty bedding.

Elphaba was nestled in her bed, reading- a position of hers that was, over the next weeks, to become as aggravating to Galinda as it was frequent. Galinda swished past her as though she were invisible and pretended to be sorting through her textbooks until she was sure that Elphaba was paying her no attention. Then, as stealthily as she could, she moved back to her bed and peeled back her duvet a fragment.

Her bed sheets were clean.

Although this much was readily quite apparent, Galinda pulled back her duvet all the way and ran her hand searchingly over the spot where there should have been a large stain. She was about to lean down and smell it for further clarification when she became aware of Elphaba watching her curiously over the top of her book.

“Is there a problem with your bed, Miss Galinda?” she asked calmly. Too calmly- Galinda immediately felt her hackles rise in response.

“Oh, no problem, Miss Elphaba,” she responded, in her best infuriatingly-sweet tone. “I might ask the same question of you, however. I mean,” she added, when Elphaba’s expression displayed confusion, “I don’t know which homeless shelter you stole those awful grey bed sheets from, but I’d return them if I were you. The smell of the beggar who used them previously is hitting me all the way across here. Or is that just your own personal stench?”

“Well, excuse me, Miss Galinda,” Elphaba responded immediately, closing her book with a snap, “I don’t know what I have done to endure such rudeness from you, but I can assure you that I’d rather sleep in my own bedding, plain as it may be, than those insufferable pink frills with which you’ve chosen to deck your half of the room.”

“Oh, don’t bother closing your book,” Galinda trilled, waltzing over to the door. “I have better things to do than waste my time arguing with the likes of you. Oh, and there’s no need to tell me you wouldn’t want to sleep in pink bedding,” she added, eyeing Elphaba’s green skin scornfully, “You’d clash with it most dreadfully.”

And so the manner had been set in which they were to carry out their roommate-ship. Galinda loathed everything about Elphaba from her green skin to her sarcastic tongue, and it seemed that, in turn, Elphaba despised everything about Galinda- and made this horribly evident by timing her bathroom visits so that it was invariably occupied at the very moment Galinda needed to use it every morning.

Galinda had been puzzled, at first, as to who had washed her bedding that first eventful night. But it had not taken her very long to assure herself that it had simply been one of Shiz university’s servants, employed for that very purpose. She was not unused to having things done for her, after all, and saw no reason to look into the situation any further than that.

Forcibly directing her attention back to the present, Galinda’s eyes conducted a cursory glance of the classroom, finally coming to rest on the object of her meditations- Elphaba. The green girl was hunched over her desk, her face a picture of sheer concentration as her pen flicked from one side of the page to the other again and again. She was like a machine, Galinda thought in wonder- was she trying to copy down every word that old Goat was saying?

It was just as she thought this that Doctor Dillamond paused in speaking and turned to illustrate a point by drawing a diagram on the chalkboard. Elphaba chose to take advantage of this to pause in her note-taking and shift in her seat as though to get comfortable. When, several moments later, Dillamond resumed speaking and Elphaba returned to her occupation of writing furiously, she appeared even more rigid and hunched over than usual. Galinda tilted her head to one side.

Were her eyes playing tricks on her, or did Elphaba look decidedly uncomfortable? She was unsure, until she noticed the green girl’s eyes flick to the clock on the wall, and then flick there again a second or two later as though to confirm what she had previously seen. It was subtle, of course- but Galinda was sure that Elphaba was not one who would ever display her need for the bathroom openly. No- subtle signals were the best she was going to get, and Galinda knew that it was not usual for the study-happy green girl to be anxious for class to be over.

Giggling a little to herself, Galinda flipped over a page of her notebook and began writing more avidly than she had been all lesson. Even if she was wrong in her suspicion, it would still be fun to scheme. And if she was right, well- after Galinda was through with her, Elphaba would be forced to think twice about occupying the bathroom for so long in the future.

*002*2014-12-18 01:55

Chapter Two

Elphaba’s eyes flicked from her notebook to the clock, and then repeated the action for confirmation. Yes, there was still a full half hour to endure before class ended.

She certainly wouldn’t usually consider Doctor Dillamond’s lectures to be an endurance; on the contrary, she greatly respected the Goat and was keen to learn any fragment of knowledge he wished to impart. In fact, it was this very eagerness to learn that had led to Elphaba’s current predicament. For the past half hour, she had been suffering from a nagging fullness of bladder, which was gradually growing to have more and more of an impact on her concentration. And yet, she was reluctant to leave the room and risk missing Dillamond discussing something important.

Elphaba frowned in self-disapproval. It wasn’t like her to be this careless. Usually she was able to maintain perfect control over her bodily functions without much difficulty. But careless she had been. Despite the liberal amount of time she had spent in the bathroom that morning, applying the oils she used for cleaning herself, she had not actually gotten around to using the toilet before Galinda had begun banging on the door, demanding entry.

She became distracted momentarily by the highly vivid memory of Galinda’s small form squirming outside the bathroom door, her pretty face a medley of fury and anxiety as she struggled against her body’s urgent need. Elphaba allowed herself a mere second or two to savour the image before directing her attention back to Doctor Dillamond with utmost self-discipline.

The lecture was interesting and informative, as those Dillamond gave usually were, and provided Elphaba with the distraction she needed to successfully ignore her own body’s urgent need for the time being.

She wrote in her usual style: quickly and energetically, and hunched so closely over her desk that her nose was mere inches away from her notebook. Her eyesight had deteriorated recently, and she needed stronger glasses. But, unconsciously, as her need grew stronger, her posture became more and more rigid until she was perched on the edge of her seat as stiffly as an iron rod.

“Miss Elphaba?”

Elphaba’s head shot up and she gazed wildly at her professor. “Yes, Doctor?”

“Are you quite comfortable, Miss Elphaba? You seem to be wound tighter than a spring today.”

There were titters behind her, and Elphaba felt her cheeks flush as the attention of all the other students was diverted to her.

“Perhaps she’s so anxious because Cook is boiling green beans for dinner tonight,” Galinda’s unmistakably high-pitched voice rang out clearly, “And she may have to undergo cannibalism if she doesn’t wish to go hungry.”

“That’s enough!” Doctor Dillamond cried, as the class broke out into peals of laughter, stamping a hoof on the ground in an effort to regain order. “Let us return to our topic, if you please.”

He threw Elphaba a sympathetic glance by way of apology for singling her out, but Elphaba was now almost too distracted to notice, much less acknowledge it. She didn’t care much about Galinda’s comment and its resulting laughter- she was so used to such teasing that it had ceased to affect her in any great way- but her concentration had been broken and it was now taking every ounce of her willpower to keep the contents of her bladder where they were.

She sat extremely upright- the polar opposite to the hunched position she had assumed previously- her legs pressed together and her bony behind balanced precariously at the very edge of her chair as she fought to control her breathing. Her skin allergy to water meant that the stakes were higher for her than they would be for any other individual in this situation. If she were to have an accident, it would cause her a lot of pain. Luckily, there were only five minutes left until the end of the lecture- that she could endure, although she was well aware that any further note taking was out of the question.

When Doctor Dillamond finally dismissed his class, Elphaba had already packed up her belongings in preparation. She stood up as carefully as she could, clenching her pelvic muscles tightly, slung her satchel over her shoulder, and was on her way to the door when she heard her name called.

Turning reluctantly, she tried to still her legs, which were now beginning to shake with the effort of holding. “Yes, Doctor Dillamond?”

But the Goat seemed to be waiting for the rest of the class to clear out before he spoke, evidently trying to rectify his earlier mistake. This was torturous for Elphaba in her current state and she stood pensively, staring at her boots as she fought to control herself.

“I just wanted to ask if everything was quite all right?” Dillamond said finally, his kind face riddled with concern, “I couldn’t help but notice that you were not very attentive in my lecture today.”

If it would not have resulted so surely in the contents of her bladder being emptied over the classroom floor, Elphaba would have laughed aloud at the irony of this. Here was her professor keeping her back to express his concern for her, when the kindest thing he could possibly do would be to let her go so that she could run to the nearest bathroom sharpish.

“I’m fine, Doctor Dillamond.” Even speaking was more effort than she could afford to give just now. “I suppose I’m just tired, is all. I’ll be sure to give you my undivided attention next time.”

“Madame Morrible isn’t working you too hard with all those additional sorcery seminars?”

“No Doctor.”

“And everything is okay with your father in Munchkinland?”

“Yes, Doctor.”

“And your sister is quite well?”

Oh, this was torture. Could he not sense the excruciating pain simply standing here talking to him was causing her?

“She’s fine, thank you.”

“Very well. If you do think of anything you wish to speak to me about-”

“I’m sorry, Doctor,” Elphaba cut in. Much as she hated to interrupt her professor mid-sentence, she was afraid that she was about to start urinating where she stood if she didn’t get to a bathroom immediately. “But I really do need to go. I’ll call in on you one lunchtime this week.”

The last part of her speech was garbled over her shoulder as she was already halfway towards the door. With no choice but to ignore the hurt look she knew Dillamond was currently wearing, she left the room and moved with hurried feet along the corridor to where she knew the nearest girls’ bathrooms were.

As she drew close to the bathroom door, Elphaba put out a green hand to push it open- only to withdraw it again in rising horror as she noticed the sign.

Closed, due to plumming issues. We apologise for the inconveeniense.

What? Ok, she needed to think rationally. There was another bathroom just around the corner. Forcing herself to hold on for that little bit longer, she took off again in its direction. Instead of her usual long strides, she was now forced to keep her legs together, so her paces were small and quick. It was frustrating, as it was taking far longer to get to where she needed to be than Elphaba would have liked.

She could see the white note before she had even reached the second bathroom, but Elphaba went right up to the door anyway, just to be sure.

Closed, due to plumming issues. We apologise for the inconveeniense.

Slightly aggravated by the recurring poor spelling and extremely aggravated by the fact that all the bathrooms seemed to be closed, Elphaba leant against the wall and resumed her trusted rigid posture as she tried to think.

Despite severely doubting her ability to climb stairs in her current state, Elphaba soon reached the conclusion that the one bathroom she could rely on being open was the one in her own dorm room. Giving one, long clench of her pelvic muscles for security, Elphaba eased herself away from the wall and began moving in that same infuriatingly slow manner towards her dorm, elbowing other students out of the way indiscriminately as she went.

As she reached the stairs which led to her room, Elphaba knew she was in trouble. There was only a slim chance she’d be able to reach the top of them without having a humiliating- and abjectly painful- accident midway. But it was a slim chance she knew she would have to take.

She took the steps slowly, one at a time, and each one seemed like a small milestone leading her closer to her destination. Elphaba was beginning to perspire from her ordeal, and she needed to stop frequently to re-assume the stiff, rigid posture which she was relying on to continue holding. It seemed like a small miracle had occurred when she finally managed to reach the top still dry and was able to edge along the corridor to her room. If she had previously been coiled as tightly as a spring, she now felt strung as tightly as a guitar string, quivering as she fought not to unclench a single muscle in her lower region.

With trembling hands, Elphaba tried to fit her key into the lock. Her body twisted and contorted as she tried to force it to wait those extra couple of minutes for the relief she knew was imminent. Finally, after much pained concentration, she was able to slot the key into its rightful place and turn it. Shouldering the door open, she hurried into the main body of her room- only to be greeted by the sight of a closed bathroom door and the sound of a running shower.

No, no. The sound of the water running was far too much for her body to take. Abandoning restraint now that there was nobody else around to see her, Elphaba bent double and pressed the front of her dress into her crotch with both hands, resorting to physical pressure to keep herself contained.

“Galinda!” she shouted, “I need you to get out of there!”

There was no response. Groaning in agony, Elphaba conducted a series of shuffle-hops forward until she was close enough to the bathroom door to bang on it furiously with one clenched fist.

“Galinda!” she bellowed even louder, “Open this door!”

But either Galinda couldn’t hear her over the noise of the shower, or had simply decided that it was her turn to be stubborn. Either way, Elphaba knew that it was over; she had pushed her body to its limit and it was unwilling to wait another second. As she felt her underwear begin to dampen, Elphaba removed her hands from her crotch and then, in defeat, spread her legs wide to prevent as much of the liquid as possible from coming into contact with her skin.

Oh, the relief- the relief was exquisite. For several luxurious moments, Elphaba forgot that she was peeing into her clothing while standing in the middle of her dormitory. For those wonderful moments, she didn’t notice the pain which the pee that splashed onto her skin was causing. All she was aware of was that blissful feeling of finally being able to void the contents of her bladder.

And then the pain hit. Elphaba gave a low hiss as she felt her buttocks and inside thighs break out in what she knew to be angry red blemishes. With barely a conscious thought, she scrambled underneath her dress for her underwear, desperate to relieve herself of the damp material that was causing her skin to burn. Just as she drew them triumphantly out from under her dress, causing the pain to lessen but not vanish, the bathroom door clicked open all too late. A wide-eyed Galinda stood in the doorway with only a towel covering her dignity, staring transfixed at her roommate who had just completely lost hers.

A/N: Ha, I wasn't intending for Elphaba to actually have an accident on this occasion- it just happened. And I apologise if any of you didn't enjoy the inclusion of Elphaba's allergy. It probably isn't very enjoyable for her either.

Any thoughts or comments are welcomed!

*004*2015-01-21 13:56

A/N: Here's a long-ass third chapter for you guys,

Chapter 3

The days following Elphaba’s accident passed by in something of a blur to Galinda. She hadn’t really expected that her actions would have such a dramatic effect upon her roommate, and the memory of the green girl standing there wide-legged with pee coursing down her thighs left Galinda both oddly intrigued and distinctly uneasy. She was intrigued because she had never before witnessed an adult woman having an accident, and the sight of it seemed to have stirred something deep within her; as though she had pulled a muscle in a part of her body she hadn’t known existed, perhaps. That in itself made her feel uneasy, mostly because it was Elphaba she was having these thoughts about: the odd green girl that she detested.

Usually, Galinda would have been most anxious to relay an incident like this straight back to her friends: any opportunity to single out and humiliate her roommate, she was always more than happy to take. But on this occasion, she felt no drive to share what had happened with anybody else at all. The thought that she and Elphaba shared something that was private to just the two of them sickened her, but that was indeed what it felt like. Additionally, Galinda felt very certain that she wanted to try and repeat the incident, and she wanted to do that without anybody else being involved.

She kept a close eye on Elphaba over the next few days, hoping to witness again that tense, rigid posture which she now knew meant that her roommate needed to pee. But she was left disappointed, as Elphaba did not display even the smallest hint of desperation. So the days passed, without Galinda understanding her feelings any better, until something occurred which caused her to forget about Elphaba entirely.

It was the following Tuesday, but it was a very special Tuesday, as it was the day that the new student arrived: Prince Fiyero Tiggular with his “scandalicious” reputation, the rumours told.

Naturally, Galinda had spent the morning flirting with him and her efforts had quickly been rewarded as Fiyero had wasted no time in inviting her to accompany him a dance at the Ozdust Ballroom that very evening. So, of course, Galinda had skipped her final class of the day in order to head back to her dormitory and begin readying herself for what promised to be a fabulous evening.

It was the first major social event that the first years were to experience at Shiz University and, as expected, it brought the student body out in force. To Galinda’s delight, but not surprise, Fiyero and herself soon took the central position on the dancefloor and were the clear envy of the couples surrounding them. Yes, she thought smugly, as Fiyero twirled her around, she was exactly where she belonged. Luckily, they did not have to move from their prominent position even to obtain drinks, as one of the Ozdust staff- clearly well aware of who Fiyero was- was bringing them a constant flow of them on a tray.

Galinda did not pay much attention to what she was drinking- it was in a short glass, fruity and alcoholic, that was all she knew. And all she cared about was that Fiyero was drinking it, and that it would make him happy if she drank it too.

When, eventually, they paused to catch their breath and chat to a group of students near the bar, Galinda was shocked to discover that several hours had passed. She also realised, now that she was standing still, that she had not used the bathroom all night and that she needed to pee quite badly. She glanced to Fiyero, intending to excuse herself for a moment, but discovered him to be deep in conversation with Pfannee, who was smiling and twirling her hair rather too much for Galinda’s liking. Smiling pointedly, she squeezed her way in between the two and was quickly able to recapture her date’s attention.

As she chatted, Galinda found herself beginning to shift on her feet a little. She was very aware of her bladder now and it was a constant source of distraction, but she still could not bring herself to leave Fiyero alone with the other girls for even a few minutes.

After a while, Galinda began to feel the strange sense that somebody was standing just behind her. Glancing over her shoulder, this feeling was confirmed as she found herself face to face with her roommate who was hovering just outside the group. In her party dress- if one could call it that, Galinda thought, looking scornfully at the dark blue shift Elphaba had chosen to wear- the other girl looked even more out of place and awkward than she usually did. Galinda was about to turn haughtily away, when Elphaba leaned forward to speak into her ear:

“You have to go, don’t you?” she muttered, and it was all Galinda could do not to die from mortification. As though her situation was not already awkward enough, Elphaba was now choosing to address her in public.

“I haven’t the faintest idea what you mean,” she responded frostily, while looking determinedly in the opposite direction. What was her roommate even doing at the party anyway? Wasn’t she supposed to be tucked away somewhere with some detestable hardback or other?

Thankfully, Elphaba followed this with no more than a shrug and sidled away. Galinda frowned, disliking Elphaba even more than usual. She had been just about to tell Fiyero that she had to visit the powder room (she told herself) but following that exchange with her roommate, how could she do so now while preserving her dignity? Galinda briefly frowned in dissatisfaction, before shaking off the thought and immersing herself back into the conversation that had continued, uninterrupted, around her. After all, she decided, she was a grown woman and should be able to last the length of a party without having to run off to the bathroom like a little girl.

After another two fruity little drinks, however, Galinda wasn’t so sure. She wasn’t used to drinking and was beginning to feel more than a little tipsy- partially also to do with the fact that she had forgotten to eat dinner in her haste to look perfect for the evening- and this was causing her to exercise less discretion in her bladder holding. She and Fiyero had returned to the dancefloor, but whenever there was a break between songs, Galinda was unconsciously conducting little stepping motions from one foot to the other as though she could not be still for even a second. The dancing itself was growing increasingly more difficult, though whether this was due to the alcohol or her ever-growing need for the bathroom, Galinda couldn’t be sure.

“I’m so sorry,” she told her partner anxiously, as she stepped on his foot for the second time, “I promise I’m not usually this clumsy.”

“That’s quite all right,” Fiyero assured her, with a flash of his dazzling smile, “No doubt my dashing presence is simply making you a tad nervous. Should we sit down for a song or two?”

“If we might,” Galinda assented in relief. She was sure that holding would be significantly easier while sitting and not having to worry about what her feet were doing.

“Well, then,” Fiyero said, placing his hand at her waist and beginning to escort her smoothly from the dance floor, “How about you find us some seats and I’ll fetch us some more drinks?”

“Oh no, that’s quite all right-” Galinda began to protest weakly, but it seemed that Fiyero’s question had been rhetorical as he had already breezed off in the direction of the bar.

Galinda bobbed anxiously on the spot as she cast her eyes around the smattering of tables, considering where it would be optimal to sit. Usually she would have opted for a table right in the middle, where everyone’s eyes would be on her, but suddenly she didn’t feel like being the centre of attention any longer.

As she looked instead at the tables huddled farthest into the corners, her eyes fell inevitably on Elphaba (it wasn’t as though she was easy to miss) who was currently deep in conversation with her wheelchair-bound sister and that obnoxious Munchkin boy who frequently persisted in following Galinda around. Galinda looked at the small group curiously, wondering why the Munchkin boy did not seem at all embarrassed to be seen conversing with a crippled girl and a green girl, and as she was doing so, Elphaba looked up and caught her eye.

Embarrassed to have been caught staring, Galinda quickly looked away and hastily tried to curb the bobbing motion which she had quite suddenly become aware of. She took a few steps in the opposite direction, then glanced over her shoulder to see whether Elphaba was still looking at her. She was, and her expression looked far too knowing for Galinda’s liking. After casting her roommate an annoyed look- did she have no shame?- Galinda tossed her hair over her shoulder and made for a table on the opposite side of the ballroom.

As promised, Fiyero returned with more drinks, and Galinda pretended to sip hers delicately while doing her best to follow the conversation, which was now distinctly one-sided on her date’s part. She was becoming very anxious now. Although holding her pee was indeed much easier while sitting, Galinda knew that she could not keep doing so indefinitely, and was all too aware of the fact that she was quickly running out of time. Additionally- to Galinda’s increasing irritation- every time she happened to glance in Elphaba’s direction, it seemed that the green girl was looking back at her, completely unabashed.

Oh, for Lurline’s sake, this was ludicrous.

“Excuse me a moment-” she began to say, only to cut herself off with a gasp. As she had spoken, she had risen to her feet, intending to leave the table, but this motion had caused her to experience such a huge wave of desperation that she had to sit back down abruptly. At the very edge of her seat now, Galinda tried to press herself as hard as she could into its cool plastic, moving her legs back and forth violently under the frills of her pink dress.

“Miss Galinda, are you quite all right?” Fiyero asked, half-rising out of his own seat in alarm as if ready to combat whichever hidden torture was bothering his date.

Flushing pink, Galinda nodded. “I’m fine, I just—please excuse me a moment,” she said pensively, finally, with effort, managing to extricate herself from her seat.

With as much dignity as she could muster, she headed to the corner of the ballroom in which she knew the corridor to the girls’ restrooms were located (she had been glancing periodically at the sign for the past half hour), though combined, her heeled shoes and full bladder allowed her to move at little more than a shuffle.

Upon finally reaching the bathroom, Galinda found a group of girls congregated around the mirror replenishing their makeup, but no line for the cublicles. For this, she was quite thankful as she was sure that it would have been her undoing. She tried to slip past the makeup-appliers unnoticed, but her friend Shenshen was part of the group and called out to her, asking how she was enjoying her night with Fiyero.

Galinda paused, thrown off, and this moment of distraction proved to be fatal. At first, she did not feel herself peeing, she simply felt a warm wetness between her thighs and a sudden sense of relief. But then, as the trickle reached her knees, she suddenly became horribly aware of what was happening. Giving a short gasp, she put a hand between her legs in a final, desperate attempt to stop the flow and hurriedly dashed into the nearest cubicle.

As she locked the door behind herself, she heard Shenshen and the others giggling that she had clearly had too much to drink, but Galinda was far too preoccupied to care. As soon as she had shut the door, the small trickle had turned into a fully-fledged river, and she quickly sat down on the toilet, hoisting her dress and petticoats out of the way, but leaving her knickers and stockings where they were.

Although she needn’t have bothered even shifting her dress, Galinda thought in mortification, as she glanced down at her lap and took in the large, circular patch of darker pink material where her hand had been.

She peed for a long time- clearly she had been holding an awful lot of liquid- and then she sat there for even longer, waiting until the group by the mirrors had dissipated. Then, when she was quite sure of her privacy, Galinda put her face in her hands and began to cry hysterically. This was it, she felt sure: her social life was over. Her relationship with Fiyero was over before it had really begun. Her dreams were crushed and she was destined to be an outcast for the rest of eternity.

Presently, however, she heard footsteps as someone entered the bathroom and quickly tried to quieten her sobs, drawing her knees to her chest in fear that somebody might recognise her shoes under the door. She heard the door to the main bathroom lock and wondered, through her tears, what was going on. On top of everything else, was she about to be stuck in here listening to some couple have sex just outside?

But there was only one set of footsteps, and they stopped just outside her cubicle. Whoever it was seemed to be hovering there as though waiting for something. Galinda waited too, sniffling. Finally:

“Miss Galinda?” a timid voice called, and Galinda’s tears immediately desisted as her small fists clenched in anger. Trust her cursed roommate to be the first one on the scene of her humiliation!

“Leave me alone, Miss Elphaba,” she snarled.

“Fine.” The timidity from Elphaba’s voice had vanished to give way to a cold curtness. “Fine. I just thought you might need some help, is all.”

As her boots (those wretched, ugly boots- how had Galinda not recognised the sound of them immediately?) clomped back towards the door, Galinda’s hands unclenched in defeat. Unwilling as she was to accept it from Elphaba, the fact remained that she did need help.

“Wait,” she said, and the clomping stopped. Galinda took a deep breath, then reluctantly asked: “Miss Elphaba- W-would you fetch me some clothes from the dormitory? Please?”

There was a short silence, during which Galinda began to panic that Elphaba might refuse to help her after all, but finally she answered,

“Of course.”

###

Finally, Galinda unclicked the lock and emerged slowly. Elphaba was still inexplicably hovering outside the door, although Galinda had not asked her to wait after dropping off the clothes.

“I brought the dress I thought was most similar to the one you were previously wearing,” Elphaba said, after they had stared at one another in silence for a second or two, rubbing the back of her neck uncomfortably. “You know, so that people won’t be able to tell.”

Galinda looked at her roommate incredulously. Yes, the dress she was now wearing was a similar pink to the one she’d had on, but in cut and design they couldn’t be any more different.

“Did you honestly think I was about to go back to the party looking like this?” she snapped, indicating her person. “My makeup is smeared, my dress is crumpled and I smell like... like-" Unable to finish the sentence, she left it incomplete. "Sweet Lurline, Miss Elphaba! I knew you were a lot of things, but I never suspected that stupid was one of them.”

Elphaba’s face hardened. “Fine,” she said, “I’ve done my best to be kind to you, Miss Galinda, and yet you persist in insulting me. I’ll leave you to sort out your own messes in the future.”

“Just hold on a clock tick!” Galinda protested, as Elphaba turned to unlock the door and leave. Her roommate paused, but said nothing. Considering this to be acknowledgement enough, Galinda continued: “Miss Elphaba, I’m sure you’ve noticed that I haven’t told anybody about the incident that occurred in our dormitory the other day- I’m certain you understand what I speak of- and I’d very much appreciate it if you would do me the same honour regarding—well, regarding what happened just now.”

Elphaba rolled her eyes. “When requesting favours from me, Miss Galinda, you might do better not to call me stupid directly previously.”

She reached for the lock, but before she could turn it, Galinda prevented the action by placing a small, pink hand over a long, green one.

“Miss Elphaba, please,” she begged, feeling tears spring to her eyes, “You have no concept of what maintaining my level of popularity entails. You don’t understand how important this is. If anyone were to find out about this, I’d be positively ruined.”

Elphaba sighed. “You can rest assured, Miss Galinda," she said wearily, "that even if I had somebody I wanted to tell about this, I would not do so. There isn’t any need for you to start crying again.”

“Oh. Okay. Well. Good.” Galinda tried to brush away the tears which had managed to escape- but it seemed now they had started again, they wouldn’t be stopped. She gave an involuntary whimper and pushed at her eyes impatiently.

“Hey. I said don’t.” Elphaba’s tone was suddenly much softer than before- softer, indeed, than Galinda had ever heard it. She fished in a pocket of her dress for several moments, before successfully pulling out a handkerchief. “Here. It’s clean. Look, let me walk you back to the room,” she added, as Galinda took the handkerchief and dabbed at her streaming eyes.

Galinda consented, mostly because she didn’t feel like fighting any longer, but also partially because anybody’s company right now was better than nobody’s- even the company of the green girl. They walked in silence, save for Galinda’s involuntary sniffling. So much had passed between the two of them that their tenuous relationship was not ready for, and it seemed like neither really knew how to acknowledge it.

“I suppose I should thank you,” Galinda finally said tightly.

Elphaba paused briefly, and Galinda was sure that she was smirking. “I suppose you should,” she responded.

“Well- thank you,” Galinda said, perturbed by the smirk but persevering anyway. “And, Miss Elphaba?” Elphaba gave a small grunt to show that she was listening. “I’m sorry.”

She did not specify exactly what it was she was sorry for, and it was fortunate that Elphaba did not ask as Galinda would not have had a ready answer. Was she merely apologising for snapping previously, or had she just uttered an all-encompassing apology for all her previous meanness towards Elphaba? Even Galinda herself could not say. They walked the rest of the way in silence, and when they reached their room, Elphaba unlocked it, then stood aside to allow Galinda entry. “You’ll be okay now?” she asked.

Galinda nodded. “You’re going back to the party?”

“No. To the library.” Elphaba jerked her thumb over her shoulder. “I just thought of something I’d like to look up.”

“Oh. Well.” Galinda frowned, trying and failing to fathom the processes of the green girl's mind- she could not think why the library could possibly be a desirable location at that moment. "Thank you for your handkerchief, Elphaba." She held it out- it was black with mascara. "Sorry."

"That's fine." Elphaba smiled in amusement as she stuffed it back in her pocket. "See you later, Galinda."

It was not until Elphaba had left and Galinda was removing her clothes in order to shower, that she realised that had been the first time they had addressed one another without the honorific. How strange- it had felt so natural when she had said it.

