Angela's Accident

Author: omowow

*000*2015-11-23 01:33

This is my first time ever writing anything fiction, let alone an omo fic. Let me know what you think ^~^

Chapter 1: Family Reunion

Angela's Accident

Chapter 1: Family Reunion

Angela was like any other sixteen year old. She went to high school, gossiped about boys, and knew how to party. Despite her wild side, Angela considered herself to be a good girl... hanging out with her best friends Tara and Maddie is what brought out her mischievous side.

It was Saturday morning, and after a night of partying with her two best friends, Angela woke up with a nagging hangover. To her surprise, she woke up in her own bed, despite not being able to remember the majority of the night before. "Shit" Angela said to herself , remembering the family reunion her mom was dragging her to today. Angela hated going to these. They were always the same: everyone would pretend they are happy to see each other, then they would ask if she has a boyfriend, and then Angela would hide outside in the garden, reading her book and ignoring her pesky family. Emily reluctantly got out of bed, and wobbled over to the bathroom to relive her bladder which was full from her previous night of drinking.

After emptying her yellow safe, Angela stripped out of the clothes she was still wearing from the night before, and hopped into the shower. Once she got out of the shower and dried off, she noticed a gaudy floral dress neatly laid out across her bed. “Great” she thought “not only will I have to spend my day with these miserable people, but I’ll have to do it wearing this monstrosity of an outfit. She sighed with distaste as the oversized floral sack enveloped her petite body. “I look like a table cloth” she thought to herself, “why can’t I wear my own clothes?” she moaned, whilst being swallowed by the flowery crime covering her size two waist and C cup breasts. She could hear her mother calling her downstairs to help load the car; “no use in complaining” she mumbled under her breath. Angela and her mother packed up the car, and headed off. A three hour car ride to see people she didn’t even care about. Sigh.

As predicted, Angela was greeted at the gathering with small talk and, as expected, overly-personal questions about her love life. She absent-mindedly indulged her relatives, just as she had done dozens of times before. It was almost routine, but her relatives always seemed to enjoy it. Her mind was busy strategizing the best route to get outside, rather than engaging in the conversation she was currently having. Finally, her aunt brought out the hors d’oeuvres, creating the perfect distraction for Angela to sneak out the back door. She made her way across the kitchen, and headed out through the patio door. Free at last. She made her way to her usual hiding spot: behind the garden shed, tucked away behind the rose bushes. She took a seat against the wooden structure and pulled out her novel and litre of Pepsi from her knapsack. Angela took a swig of her drink and cracked open her novel.

After a half-hour passed, Angela began to feel the sensation of her bladder against her abdomen. She didn’t think much of this, and continued reading her book. Another fifteen minutes passed, and her bladder was starting to hurt. By now, it was almost completely full with a litre of Pepsi. Angela weighed the severity of her need to go, against the prospect of being barraged by chit-chat and cheek pinching from her relatives.

She decided she could hold it. She was met with regret when she felt her bladder twinge, creating a small, warm, yellow patch on her frilly white panties. To her surprise this accidental leak provided no relief, but rather made thr need to relieve herself become even more urgent. "I can't go in there" she thought "I would rather have an accident" She immediately took that back once a longer, more forceful spurt escaped her bladder. The wet spot on her panties was now the size of a baseball, causing her to feel the warm dampness of the fabric cling to her clean-shaven womanhood.

Angela realized the urgency of her situation, and decided against her better judgment to go back to the house to relieve her poor, swollen bladder. She was reluctant to stand up, as she wasn't sure if her overstretched bladder could handle the agitation. She shifted herself on to her knees, and slowly stood herself up. Doing this caused a third spurt to trickle out of her bladder, saturate the baseball-sized wet patch on her panties, and run down her leg. Her leak was absorbed by her sock. By now, the patch soaked almost all the way through her panties, further cementing Angela's desperate need to empty her aching bladder. The third leak caused her to reflexively shove her hands between her legs, like a helpless little girl. She was so humiliated that she was about to have an accident and all she could do was hold herself and cross her legs like a child. She hobbled across the backyard, leaking with each step, as she made her way to the back door.

She sighed with relief as she reach the sliding glass door.

"I'm so close to relief" she thought. To open the door, she hesitantly removed one of her hands from between her legs, causing a drip of warm, yellow pee to drip down from her panties and be absorbed by the wooden porch. Shamefully she looked down at the wet drops she had created on the deck. "I need to go right now" she said aloud. She went to open the door, but it wouldn't budge.

"Fuck... they must have locked the door" she thought. Tears welled up in her eyes; the pain from her bladder was overwhelming and the chance to relieve her distended bladder was ruined. "I have to do something or I'm not going to make it" she said as she frantically started banging on the door hoping that someone - anyone - would hear her knocking and let her in. She knocked for what felt like days, but nobody came. By now, short spurts of pee were running down her legs every ten seconds or so. The wet patch on the porch was the size of a basketball now and her white socks were now tinged yellow, soaked with pee.

Angela had never felt so embarrassed in her life. She whimpered as she shoved her hand back between her legs, a desperate (but pathetic) attempt to hold back the inevitable flow. "I-I can't hold it" she said, choked up by her tears. She felt a sharp pressure against her bladder. She pressed her hands between her legs as hard as she could with no avail. The pee gushed through her once-white panties and all over her hands. It trickled back and soaked through her dress, down her legs, and saturated her cotton shoes. It dribbled onto the deck, creating a puddle that seemed to be the size of Mexico. Angela knew she was defeated, but still desperately attempted to hold back the flow. She crossed her legs as tightly as she could, but the pee just kept flooding out. She was having an accident like a child and she couldn't do anything to stop it.

Her eyes were filled with tears as she fell to her knees in shame, causing her dress to absorb even more pee from her huge puddle. She sat there sobbing letting the urine flow out of her without any resistance. She had given up. She had never felt so humiliated in her life. She was sitting in a puddle of her own pee which could have been easily prevented if she hadn't been so stubborn. She composed herself and stood back up, her dress dripping with per, and knocked on the back door once more. To her surprise, her great aunt answered the door.

"My dear, what in the world happened to you, young missy?" her aunt interrogated. Angela hesitated "I just couldn't hold it in any longer" she answered "I tried my best... I just couldn't h-hold it in." Her eyes welled up from embarrassment. Her aunt looked so disappointed. "Well, let's get you cleaned up" she scoffed "you are a full-grown lady and this is not acceptable" her aunt grabbing her by the arm and pulling her inside. She marched Angela through the crowd huffing and hoffing, making sure to create a scene. Angela's whole family was now made aware of her humiliating accident.

Angela changed into one of her aunt's dresses, even gaudier than her own, and reluctantly joined her family. If she was dreading invasive questions before, she had just made things so much worse.

*008*2015-11-26 09:07

Yeah, I definitely need to fix some stuff up. Is is possible to edit a post?

