A fictional story set on holiday. - Page 7

Author: RagingPython

*121*2019-09-08 05:24

{{On 9/6/2019 at 11:26 AM, waterrat said:

What an amazing work! I really like your writing and I'm happy to hear you'll write more.

There is no right method or weird method, as long as you like it and it gets you going it's totally perfect! If you don't want others to know that's ok, but don't worry yourself about it, just enjoy it. Maybe there are others who have similar preferences.

}}

Thank you. And yeah, I know there’s no right or wrong way, but I thought it would be better to try and write about a more normal method that people would be more likely to recognise.

*122*2019-09-16 21:50

Sorry it took so long to write this after I got back home. It took a couple of days to adapt, and in addition to being busy I’ve not been sure how I should continue. Hopefully this chapter is good still!

Chapter 44:

I finished cleaning up the bed quickly, I didn’t want to take too long in case Karen woke up while I was away from her. I put the bedclothes in the washing machine and replaced them with fresh ones from the cupboard. Hopefully Karen wouldn’t notice as they were practically identical.

Finishing this task, I headed for the bathroom. Not to pee, although the rebound urge after a release was starting to hit me, but instead to have a shower. I stepped into the cubicle, activated the shower, and sprayed water all over me, soaking my body. I then covered as much of me as I could reach with shower gel, as I wanted to be properly clean. I washed that off afterwards, and then it was time to begin with my hair.

My hair is beautifully long, reaching halfway down my back, and as such it takes a long time to look after and wash. I especially love brushing it, it’s such an amazing feeling. It’s even better when Karen does it for me... Nevertheless, I took the shampoo, poured lots of it into my hand, spread it through my hair, mixed it to make a lather, all that stuff, and before long my entire hair was covered in shampoo, and ready to be washed.

I used to shower by standing facing the shower controls, so that I could see them when I showered, but now I need to face the other direction so that gravity can force my hair downwards along with the water. Quickly, the shampoo was done, leaving my hair with a silky-feel. I climbed out of the shower, the rebound-urge becoming seriously powerful after such temptation to release in the cubicle, and I got the hairbrush out and brushed my hair, removing as many tangles as possible.

When I felt it was sufficiently clear, I left the bathroom and reentered the bedroom, where the lovely figure of Karen awaited me in bed. I checked the time on my iPad, it was nearly 10AM, and climbed under the covers next to her. The combination of arousal and comfort brought on by this position helped lessen the strength of that still-growing rebound-urge. I reached round and hugged her, enjoying the softness of her touch.

“Hmm... I could stay here forever...”, I thought.

Karen’s leg movements were still abnormally frantic, so I reached down and felt her bladder again, the urge was more pronounced, and it still felt very firm, I doubted I could’ve squeezed it easily. Just by touch, I could tell she was definitely at her limit. By now, I was presented with a dilemma. I would normally let her sleep in until closer to 12PM, but at this point I wasn’t sure she could last. If she gave out while asleep, she’d just wet the bed, so I wanted her to be awake. I choose to wake her up at 10AM.

I let go of her straining crotch zone, and rolled back over. I continued to hold her in a comfortable way for me, as I couldn’t get enough of her perfect body.

End of Chapter 44:

I’m sorry it’s a little short, but I’m out of practise and my hands hurt now. Besides... I really should’ve gone to sleep an hour ago. I’ll try to write more soon!

*124*2019-09-19 21:30

Chapter 45:

I lay next to her, enjoying the soft warmth, for a few minutes, until the clock struck 10AM.

Rolling over, I whispered into her ear: “Karen? Karen, it’s time to get up.”

She didn’t respond, as I’m used to by now. I tried again.

There was a slight uncomfortable noise, obviously she didn’t want to get up.

”Come on Karen, you can’t stay asleep all day...”, I said again, hugging her tightly.

There was another noise, and she moved around a bit, but she was obviously still sleeping.

”Please Karen? I’m lonely, I want someone to talk to...”, I whispered again to her ear.

She stirred much more, and sleepily responded:

”Huh? W-what time is it...”

”It’s only 10AM, but I wanted wake you up a bit early today.”

”Why...? I’m so t-tired...”, she complained, snuggling up next to me.

“Sorry... It’s just that I’ve been up for hours and I missed you...”

”Aww... that’s so cute o-of you...”, Karen said softly, evidently waking up.

I pulled her into a closer embrace, and sat her up.

”Did you sleep well?”, I asked, smiling sweetly at her. I’ve never been good at smiling, but when I’m presented with something of such beauty and happiness, it’s hard not to smile.

“Yeah... quite well I guess.”

”Good! It makes me happy to hear you had a good night too... I’m still sorry for waking you up though.”

”No, really Rosalynne, it’s fine. I don’t mind...”

Before I could respond, Karen surprised me with:

”Ah... nngh... I-I kinda wish I’d th-thought to visit the b-bathroom last n-night when we woke up though...”

Hearing her talk so nonchalantly about this caught me off guard, and turned me on. I’m still not used to hearing other people talk about it, as for many years I always hid when I had to go for fear of people realising I enjoyed it...

”Really?”, I asked, holding her still, “Is it urgent?”, despite knowing full well how close-to-leaking she was.

“Y-Yeah... it’s pretty s-serious...”, she replied, giving her legs a little jiggle.

”Do you want to go now? I don’t mind if you are desperate...”, I offered, trying not to sound too exited.

“Ooh... kinda... it’s bad... but I think I can manage a little longer.”, Karen said weakly, but I could tell from her face she was lying.

Nevertheless, I didn’t say anything and just cuddled her a little tighter. I knew that as she was still waking up, her need could only get worse.

Before long, I heard a muffled moan, and felt her squeeze her legs together, followed by the unmistakable sound of her rubbing them against each other.

A few minutes later, she moved her arms, taking one hand from around me and instead clutching herself.

”I-I... uh... um... I’m really g-getting d-desperate now... I-I can k-keep it in th-though... I-I think...”, she admitted, embarassed.

End of Chapter 45:

*126*2019-09-20 00:46

{{16 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Another fabulous chapter

}}

Thank you!

*128*2019-09-22 20:52

{{On 9/20/2019 at 11:03 AM, Apertado said:

Great chapter, keep up the good work!

(Also, I have to mention that the description of Rosalynne whashing her hair on chapter 44 was pretty satisfactory to read).

}}

Thank you! I liked that bit too, I’m glad it served it’s purpose of being something nice & enjoyable for me to write before anything seriously omorashi related so I could get back used to writing.

*129*2019-09-23 16:12

Chapter 46:

“Are you sure? I wouldn’t want you to wet yourself.”, I asked.

”Y-yeah... I-I w-wouldn’t... either.”

“This is bad...”, I thought, “She’s about to explode! I’m so turned on, I can’t think straight. If she gets any worse, I don’t know if I’ll be able to hide it anymore! But I can’t let her find out I’m into this... she’ll think I’m weird... then she won’t love me...”

Trying to hide my enjoyment, I moved slightly into a more comfortable position.

“Even when you really have to pee, you’re really cute, Karen.”, I said to her, smiling.

”Ah... t-thanks...”

”You’re welcome.”, I say, loving the way her voice wavered.

......

I cuddled her for a bit longer before her need got worse, evidently she was now feeling the full force of the liquid she was containing.

”Ah...! no... no... not yet...!”, I heard her whisper, trying to keep me from hearing, and she moved her other arm to assist in ‘damming her stream.’

I pretended not to notice, but smiled secretly. I then adjusted my legs a little, trying to minimise any pressure I could be causing by squishing her.

”O-ooh... th-thanks... th-that h-helps...”, she responded, clearly nearing her limit.

“I can’t take this much longer, she’s shaking constantly now!”, I thought, worrying about what she’d think of me if she noticed my arousal.

“Why don’t you just go, Karen?”, I said softly, “I’m happy for you to go... and you clearly can’t hold it much more.”

“I-I... a-ah... d-don’t want t-to leave y-you...”, she said, making me heart melt with warmth.

”Aww, that’s so cute of you...”, I replied, moving her hair out of her eyes.

”I-it’s... j-just... I-I... I’m at m-m-my limit! I-I can’t... c-can’t take it... m-much l-longer...”

“No... I have to hide it...”

”I-I’m g-gonna... l-leak...”

“It’s too much...”, I thought...

Overpowered by my sexual urges, I decided that I couldn’t let her loose control now, despite the fact that it would obviously give away my kinks.

While her legs squirmed around, I rolled over so that I was lying half on her, and moved into another position where I was pushing her onto the bed, pressing my weight onto the obvious bulge protruding from her.

”Rosalynne... w-what are y-you... d-d-doing...”, Karen began to say, as I moved, but was cut off by a moan caused by an overloading of pressure and relief, when I lay down on her.

A stream shot out of her overloaded crotch, and I felt her now-dangerously-tight pyjama bottoms turn damp...

End of Chapter 47:

*132*2019-09-24 01:25

{{52 minutes ago, Apertado said:

Great chapter! I like how Rosalynne can barely think straight in the situation she is. Also, if I had to guess, we are going to reach a pivotal point in their relationship in a few chapters.

Keep up the good work!

}}

Yep, you are right. I like it too! I was a bit worried people wouldn’t, but I took the gamble and wrote it anything.

Thank you!

*133*2019-09-29 21:01

Sorry I haven’t posted anything in nearly a week, I’ve been busy and it’s hard to find an hour or two just to lie down and write. The main problem is privacy, I need time alone to get desperate enough to get into it, and then to not be interrupted while writing.

Chapter 48:

“Aaaahhh! N-no! N-n-no! I-I can’t... oooh...”, cried Karen. She sounded embarrassed, but also so relieved.

I moved my body, shifting my weight, easing the extra pressure on her bladder.

Within a couple of seconds, Karen had managed to resist the urge and stop the flow, but was still holding herself tightly, squirming around.

”Hmm... did someone just lose control?”, I said, giving up on hiding my obvious arousal.

”O-only a little...”, Karen said, blushing. Judging by the way she was moving, and the size of the wet patch on her trousers, she had managed to keep most of it in, she was still desperate.

”I’m sorry, I just wanted to move into a more comfortable position... I didn’t think I would push you too far.”

”I-it’s fine... y-you j-just l-lied on a-a r-really important spot...”

”Would that ‘really important spot’ happen to be... here?”, I asked, putting my hand over her protruding bulge.

“M-maybe...”

”You’re blushing so hard; it’s adorable.”

”O-of course! I-It’s b-because... y-you saw me...”

”I don’t mind.”

”I-I know... b-but it’s embarrassing!”

I moved a little, and pressed down slightly on her bladder.

”Oooh... if y-you p-press t-t-too hard, I-I’ll b-burst...”

”I’m sure you can hold it in, you’ve endured it this far.”, I said, seductively holding her.

”N-no... I-I’m r-really at m-my l-limit...”

”Well then why aren’t you running to the bathroom? You could let it all out.”

”D-don’t make m-me th-think of p-peeing...”

“Imagine unleashing the waterfall of liquid within you... a raging torrent of relief...”

”A-ah... s-stop...”

”Alright, I will.”

”Th-thank you...”

”But seriously though, why aren’t you rushing to the toilet? You’ve been patiently enduring it since I woke you up.”

”I-I... a-aah... I-I don’t... even th-think I-I could m-make it now...”, Karen said gently, her body shaking more with each word.

“Oh my god! That’s so hot! I can’t take my mind of her anymore...”, I happily thought.

Karen’s body shook again, and another spurt escaped, as she whimpered.

”A-And... i-it’s b-because... you l-like it... wh-when I-I’m d-desperate, d-don’t you...?”

End of Chapter 48:

*135*2019-09-30 02:40

{{1 minute ago, Apertado said:

Oooh! Pivotal point reached, indeed! Thank you for another great chapter

No need to rush it. Personally, I prefer quality over quantity, so I say: take your time, because you've been delivering great quality text, so far!

On a side note, I think that is quite amusing that you write it when you're desperate yourself, I guess that really helps the accuracy of the descriptions and builds your empathy with the characters. Also, it seems kind of fair that you experience yourself a bit of what you are making your characters going through

}}

You’re welcome!

I agree, I try to avoid rushing or trying to write something when I’m not in the right mood.

Yeah, that’s the reason, it really does help with both those things. It’s also a lot of fun, and helps me get in the right mood.

*139*2019-11-04 22:11

I hadn’t realised how quickly time was passing, it’s already been more than a month since my last chapter; I’m really sorry! I never intended for there to be such a gap, but I just really haven’t felt up to writing anything since late September. I just wanted to give a bit of an explanation about where I’ve been, as I feel really bad about leaving you guys on a cliffhanger for so many weeks.

The truth is, I’ve been going through a lot of things recently. It all started when my mental health dived briefly near the end of my holiday to Portugal in August, but I recovered from it and I kept living like normal. It was only mid-way through September when I started having more trouble with it, which then lead to my mental health having a major downturn just over a month ago, and it all kinda fell apart after that. I started feeling better in late October, and I thought I may finally have recovered, but then it started getting worse slowly, and now it seems like I’m still suffering from whatever it is that's messing with my mental health. I’m doing much better than I was however, that’s what’s important, as I was in a really dark place for most of October, and I had some of the worst thoughts I’ve ever had, it’s really scary to think about how I was back then.

I had a few positive points even during October though, but none really lasted long enough for me to write another chapter, not least because I didn’t want to risk writing something bad because of how badly I was struggling. The negative points got really, really awful too, I wrote about a lot of them on my profile, and I had quite a few panic attacks... there were times where I lost all hope and it felt like the was only one way out, only one way to make the pain go away, but I made it though, thanks to a few people reminding me that people care. I’m just glad I’m not like that anymore, as I can handle the way I feel now.

Anyway, I’m sorry to have to bother you with all this, but I felt like I should at least give some kind of explanation. I don’t want anyone to worry about me or anything though, I just wanted you to know why I haven’t posted here. I’m going to try and write another chapter this week, but I don’t know when, as it’s really hard to find any motivation... often I just want to curl up in bed and sleep. Doing other things just feels draining... but hopefully I can manage to write another chapter.

Thanks for putting up with me.

