Daniel and Amy - Page 6

*126*2016-04-11 13:10

Chapter 49:

Deal done, plans settled, the kids got back into playing FIFA, and drinking tea. By now, it was well after 11pm, and while neither of them would admit it to the other one, as they had made plans to stay up super late, but they were both starting to feel tired. It wasn't the late hour, as both of them usually stayed up late on the weekends, but rather the emotional turmoil that they had both gone through during the day. Both kids had harboured high hopes with their respective doctors appointments, only to have their hopes of a cure dashed. Since then, they had met each other, formed a bond, and now, only 10 hours after their first real conversation in Amy's kitchen, they considered themselves a couple. Yes, they had technically only just met, but the things they had shared, done, experienced, admitted and talked about, had left them both feeling happy, excited, content but physically drained at the same time.

That morning, neither of them could have possibly guessed that by nightfall, they would not only meet a soulmate of sorts, but would be participating in their first ever slumber party and sharing secrets, stories and plans that they just couldn't ever discuss with anyone else, parents included. They both felt the same emotions deep down. A feeling of embracing their blossoming maturity, but at the same time finally being able to share what they both considered to be the sheer childishness of their problems. They felt the adult pull of attraction, both physical and emotional, but were also excited that their problems, which they both thought of as being "kiddie problems", could finally be discussed and explored without the fear of judgment that their usual peers would apply to them.

Put bluntly, they were attracted and even aroused by each other's company, but they also yearned to still embrace the semi-childhood that they were struggling through, and just be able to enjoy their remaining time as the kids that they still were. They were at a tipping point of childhood. Not quite children, but not adults either. This was the chance to perhaps enjoy the aspect of childhood that they had missed out on, that of having close friends and confidants, sharing secrets and having fun playing, but at the same time preparing to take the big step towards embracing their development into true adolescence.

If asked, they wouldn't be able to put it into words. But they felt deep down that this was both their last real chance of being a kid, but also the first stage of dealing with adulthood. It was a precarious time. Half child, half adult, and not quite understanding it properly, but feeling excited and more than a touch confused about the internal conflict it produced.

What they both felt was a physical tiredness bought on by emotional stress, but a childish desire to stay awake and milk every last moment of fun from just finally being comfortable around another kid. It was akin too trying to stay awake on Christmas Eve to see Santa Clause.

After awhile, Amy yawned. "I'm sorry Danny, I can't concentrate on kicking your butt anymore. Can we just put some music on and talk or something?"

Dan yawned as well, after seeing Amy do so. "Alright. I agree, but I WAS just about to give you a soccer lesson though. I'm just getting the hang of this now."

They switched back to music and started talking, but hearing Sonia's TV still going, made sure to keep a distance between each other and their voices lowered.

Amy asked " You have guidance counsellors in grade 8 don't you? What sort of things do they talk about?"

Dan replied "Bullshit really. They expect us to already know what career we're going to have after school, and help us pick courses and stuff to work towards it. But if you're like me, and haven't made up your mind, they're not much help. They ask a lot of questions, but don't give you many answers though. I feel like I'm being interviewed on TV when I'm talking to them, and I'm giving them the wrong answers."

Amy picked up the TV remote, and held it in front of her mouth, pretending it was a microphone. Putting on a deeper TV style of voice, she asked "So Daniel, tell our audience what you want to do when you grow up?"

Dan, taking her lead, replied in a deep voice, "Well Amy, I think I'd like to stop wetting in my pants!"

This cracked them both up, and again they fell away laughing. Once recovered, she tried again but more seriously. "Really Dan, what do you want to do after school?"

"I dunno Ames, really I don't. In a way, it all comes back to my incontenence problem really. I know I don't want to be a doctor or lawyer or anything like that. That involves years of school and Uni and stuff, and I don't enjoy school like I used too. When I was younger, I wanted to join the army. I liked the idea of being a soldier or maybe driving a tank or something, but I guess I realised that being a bed wetter in the army wasn't a great idea," he paused before continuing "As you know, my dads a sparkie. He works the mines, and makes good money running his team on contract work.

Any work on a mine site is good money. Even cleaners make good money up north. If you have a trade like dad, or can drive a truck or crane or something, you can make six figures easy. If you work underground it's very big money. But once again, I can't do FIFO while I wet the bed every night. Now I'm wetting my pants as well, it's not an option. I dunno. I might think about driving a truck or something that I can do without anyone else around that can see me if I have an accident."

He continued "I know it doesn't seem very glamorous, but I can't think what other stuff I could do. I can't see myself working in a shop or anything, or doing anything where wetting myself or sleeping away would be a problem. It limits the choices really. What about you?"

Amy drained her tea, and motioned for Dan to do the same. She was determined that they would use their diapers one more time before getting changed for bed.

"I know what you mean sweetie, but it's an easy one for me. I want to be a nurse. When I was little, the nurses in the hospital were fantastic. I want to help sick kids like they helped me, and I can wear my nappy under the skirt. It's a win-win situation!"

Dan had to agree with her, but added "That's a great idea Ames, but I don't think I'd look good in a skirt!"

This bought on more laughter. Amy suddenly yawned again. "I'm sorry Dan, but I'm stuffed. I think I'm going to crash soon."

Dan had to agree. He was feeling very tired as well. "But what about our diapers though? Will we use them again, or are we just going to change?" He grinned at her. "I think I could pee again now, but I can use the toilet if you'd rather?"

She grinned back. "Let me check on mum" and she left the room, returning not 30 seconds later. "She's asleep. I opened the door and peeked. If you want to do another test pee in your pull up, we can. I need to as well I just leaked when I laughed."

She was pleased to see Dans face sort of light up somehow when she said this.

"I've got an idea! Follow me, and keep quiet!" She got up, and Dan of course followed. She opened the glass sliding door to the back patio area and stepped out. There was no outside light on, but the neighbors over the back fence had their light on, and even though Amy's house had a high back fence to provide privacy for the pool area, the light coming in was still sufficient enough for them to see each other.

Amy suddenly stopped and crossed her legs, putting a hand into her lap. "Ohhh. Hang on. I'm gonna pee! No. Wait. I've got it. I'm okay. Quick! Follow me!"

She opened up the pool gate and lead him around the other side of the above ground pool. Once there, they were hidden in shadows from anyone else, but could still see each other reasonably clearly.

"Ohhhh. I can't hold on. I'm going first!"

She reached down and lifted her nightie up, fully revealing the sagging pull up she wore underneath. Dan was stunned. He'd gotten numerous glimpses of her nappy all day, but this was the first time he'd seen it fully exposed. Amy had lifted her nightie high enough to reveal not only her diaper, but the perfectly smooth flatness of her stomach as well. She had completely exposed her protection to him.

As he watched, mouth open, he saw her thumb go to her mouth, and she started gently gnawing at her thumbnail. In a little kids sort of voice, she said "Danny, I can't hold on. Im wetting myself..."

Suddenly he was aware of the meagre light reflecting off a small dribble of wetness on her leg. It wasn't much, but when it reached her knee, it was enough to have a couple of drops form and fall to the concrete. "Dan. I've had a little accident. I'm sorry."

If she had shocked him at any stage today, it was nothing on this. His penis went so hard he thought it might fly off. He couldn't help but give himself a squeeze through his pyjamas and nappy as he watched her. He had never felt so aroused in his life, and the small wet spot on the ground between her legs took his attention. Eventually she shuddered. She looked him in the eye and said sweetly, "My nappys all wet now Dan. I guess it's your turn!"

*127*2016-04-11 14:23

Chapter 50: I don't believe it.

Dan was aware that he had lied to himself about not being shocked. Everything this girl did seemed to shock him. He knew they were going to use their diapers again before bed. But he wasn't expecting that. He just stood there with his diaper sticking out in a funny way under his pyjamas.

"Amy," he said in a watery voice, "I think you leaked."

She dropped her nightie back down and rubbed her hand down the inside of her leg, wiping the tiny pee trail off. "Oops! I did dribble a bit! Don't let that stop you Dan. My nappy was very wet already. I've been leaking on and off for ages. I've been trying to hold on, but I leak every time I laugh. I tried to let a little bit out a while ago, but I peed more than I meant to. My pull up was a lot fuller than yours is at the moment. Plus it was only a tiny dribble. You'll be fine! Test it out!"

"I can't Amy. Not at the moment. You'll have to give me a minute."

Not understanding, she persisted, "No point waiting Danny Boy. Your pull up won't wet itself you know!" She smiled cheekily at him. "Besides, it's no different to what we're gonna do tomorrow,is it?"

"You're right Ames. I'll do it," stalling for time now, "but I'm worried I'll leak as well and get my pyjamas wet. I haven't got any more."

"I know Dan. That's why you're gonna take them off first. I want to watch you like you watched me. Like I said, it's just like a head start on tomorrow's fun!"

At the suggestion of taking his pants off, the sudden fear caused Dans passion to subside, and he was aware of things returning to normal in his pull up. The fear also caused him to clench a bit, and he nearly lost a squirt of pee by accident. Without being fully aware of what he was doing, he suddenly gripped the front of his pants with his hand.

"Aww. Does little Danny need a wee," she teased him, "It's okay Danny, you've got your nappy on remember?"

"Amy, I can't take my pants off in front of you," he hissed. "What if your mum comes looking for us?"

"She's asleep Dan. Now you don't want to risk getting your pyjamas wet do you? Stand over there in the shadows and take them off. The sooner you pee in that pull up, the sooner we go and get changed. I'm dripping over here you know! I let you watch me, and we're going to see a lot more tomorrow when it's light and we've got pants on, so you may as well go."

"Or are you chicken?" She finished.

That remark got to him. He had decided before that if it wasn't dangerous he'd go along with whatever plans she came up with. He wouldn't look like a coward who was afraid of a simple dare in front of her. Besides, he'd agreed to wet his actual pants with her tomorrow, and his football shorts didn't cover a great deal more than his pull up, and they were a lot tighter and more revealing, and they would show any wetness off very clearly. If he was willing to set himself up for a real accident in those, then he should have no problems with doing as Amy had just done now.

He stepped past her into the shadow of the fence, where he removed his pyjama pants and folded them over a poolside chair. Then, wearing only his white t-shirt, his already wet pull up, and a pair of now slightly grubby white ankle socks, he faced her with his legs slightly apart. At first, nothing happened, but about 10 seconds later the floodgates opened. He felt the warmth pouring out of him, where it pooled briefly before being absorbed into the thirsty padding. He felt the pull up start to sag with the weight, but he didn't move or try and cut off the flow. He continued to pee as hard as ever as he watched her.

"Amy, I'm wetting myself" he said, "I can't stop."

Her eyes were fixed on his lower body. She looked at his face briefly once, smiled encouragingly, then lowered her gaze once more. Neither of them spoke another word until Dan said softly "I just wet myself Amy."

She didn't speak, but walked over to his place in the shadows where she took his hands.

"Did you leak at all Dan?"

"I don't think so Ames. You were right. These are amazing, and they work a lot better when I'm standing up, don't they?"

She smiled her agreement, then suddenly threw her arms around his neck, and thrust her body against his. She rubbed his back, but kept her hands away from his diaper. He wrapped his arms around her, and felt the shape of her breasts pushing against his chest, as her bare leg found its way between his bare legs, her knee bending as it raised up to gently brush the now swollen gusset of his fully soaked pull up.

Her knee applied the slightest amount of pressure to his saggy protection, and a single dribble of pee escaped, briefly tickling the upper inside of his thigh before running onto Amy's bare knee.

"You just leaked, Catholic boy!"

She kissed him hard, pulled back, and in a soft voice and with a sweet smile whispered, "I think I'm falling for you Danny"

He didn't know what to say. So he kissed her instead.

*129*2016-04-12 03:15

Chapter 51:

They continued to embrace for what seemed like forever. The kisses they shared were the innocent childish kind at first, just keeping their lips pressed together or gently brushing them against each other's face or neck. They had never kissed another person with passion before, only ever using chaste, innocent kisses to express love or gratitude with family and such, but suddenly, as they hugged each other tightly, hands exploring each other's backs but not daring to explore much further, Amy felt her tongue sticking out as there lips came together again. Her tongue met Dans lips, and his tongue instinctively probed out from his mouth to meet hers. Of course they had both seen passionate, grownup kissing in movies and on TV, but until today had never even kissed a member of the opposite sex that they weren't related too. But they quickly learned it came naturally. Soon, their tongues were greedily exploring each other's as they softly moaned and pressed their bodies tightly together.

They were both self aware enough to feel the saturated diapers they both wore, and the feeling of trapped, warm moisture around their privates seemed to exaggerate the desperate feelings of neediness they were experiencing as they continued to grind against each other. But while they were so completely enraptured with these new feelings they were having, there wasn't any attempt by either of them to go any further. As fantastic and stimulating as their first real passionate kiss and cuddle was, it was also kind of terrifying at the same time. On a subconscious level, they knew they weren't ready for a truly adult physical experience, and the threat of discovery was also in the background. That was probably why, after perhaps a good minute of tongue and hand exploration, they seemed to break apart simultaneously by consent and stare at each other.

"Amy, I really think I love you," Dan whispered, "I know it sounds stupid, and we've just met, and we're only kids, and a lotta other stuff as well, but I think I really do anyway."

"Don't worry Dan. So do I." was all she had to say.

"Perhaps our olds were right to be worry after all. I felt so scared your mum would catch us kissing then, but I just didn't want to stop. Amy. That was incredible what we just did! I've never felt anything like like before. Ever!"

She smiled at him. "If you're worried about being caught kissing me, then maybe you should put your pants on eh,? I'm sure that would be even harder to explain!"

Dan jumped a bit. He had momentarily forgotten he was standing there without his pants on. He wouldn't have thought it was possible to forget something like that, but he had. "Shit" he muttered as he grabbed his pyjamas. Because of the upright state of his boyhood, he found it a bit difficult to step into them at first, but he managed too. He felt like he was throbbing down there.

Realising that they had been pushing their luck, they broke away from each other's immediate presence, and walked back towards the house without speaking. Almost expecting to find Sonia sitting in the lounge room, they snuck quietly back inside where they stood facing each other, noticing how red and flustered they both looked. They were grinning like idiots.

Amy spoke first, breaking the silence. "I'm just gonna check on mum, I can still hear her TV," she said as she left the room, returning shortly after. "It's okay. She's still asleep. I switched her TV off."

They both drank some more tea, more from the fact that they didn't know what to say, and didn't want to spoil the mood.

Putting her glass down, Amy eventually spoke. "I meant it Dan. I really did. I think I love you."

He smiled before answering. "I believe you Ames. I don't understand how it can happen so quickly, but I think it has. We'll need to talk about it I guess. But not now. It's late, we're tired, and both really wet. Let's get changed now, go to bed, and just sleep on it. We can talk in private tomorrow."

Amy smiled in agreement. She was a bit relieved actually. She knew how she felt, how they both felt, but didn't feel up to talking about it now. Just knowing it was both true and mutual was enough.

She kissed him lightly on the cheek, and simply said "I'm going to get changed Dan. My nappies leaking." Then left the room.

Mind reeling, the boy just stood there. He wasn't game to sit down in his soaked diaper, and he couldn't change until Amy had finished in the bathroom, so he did nothing. He couldn't even focus on anything in particular. His thought process was nothing more than a series of random images and feelings running one after another through his mind. He heard the water running before being turned off, and Amy returned a few minutes later.

When she walked in, she started laughing, trying to make as little noise as possible. This caused more than a little confusion for Dan. Nothing had been said, and considering their shared mood when they had come in from outside, this sudden giggling wasn't easily explained to him. He looked at her, the confusion on his boyish features was evident.

"Oh Dan. I'm sooo glad mum hasn't walked in! I don't know how we'd explain this!"

"Explain what Ames? I don't get the joke."

Another snort escaped her. "Dan , your pants are inside out!"

He looked down, and a sheepish grin washed across his face. "Oh shit" he mumbled, face turning red once more. Without even thinking about it, he ripped them quickly down, stepped out of them, and again stood in front of his girlfriend in just his wet nappy. He turned then the right way, and quickly stepped back into them.

"I don't believe I did that," he said, breaking into giggles with her, his voice cracking a little again. "I think I'll get changed now...."

He opened his backpack and hunted through it, finally removing a tape on diaper.

"What do you think Ames? I'll try one of these? I'm not sure exactly how they go on though?"

"Definitely Dan! That's the one I'm waiting for you to try," she patted her own backside with her hand, "It's what I've just put on. You're going to love it! They're easy, just hold it in place and join the white and blue tapes together. Piece of cake!"

Stuffing the adult diaper, a real diaper, not just a pull up he thought to himself, under his arm, he headed for the bathroom. He had always referred to his protection as wearing a nappy, even his Goodnights he thought of as such, even though he did realise that there were differences between them. But there was no mistake here. He was about to put an honest-to-goodness diaper on. Not a pull up, not a pair of bed wetting pants, but a real diaper. He didn't know how he felt about that. This morning he had hoped his need of protection would be coming to an end soon, but instead he was upgrading to even more heavy duty protection instead. This depressed him a bit. On the other hand he was almost keen to try it, and the knowledge his girlfriend, (that word was still strange. Girlfriend?) was currently wearing the same thing and wanted him to as well, made it seem like not such a big deal.

He entered and shut the door. Once inside he again removed his pants, then the saggy pull up. He inspected his pants, and was pleasantly surprised to find them bone dry. Amy must've wiped all trace of his minor leak away with her knee. The thought of that somehow was pleasing to him. He didn't know why he felt like that, but he did, just like he didn't get why he liked her socks, but he did. For the second time that night, he peed into the shower. There wasn't much there, he only managed to force a small dribble out, but he had to try. The more he let out before bed, the less chance he had of springing a leak when he wet in his sleep. There was no doubt at all in his mind that he would wet the bed, as he and Amy had been drinking copious amounts all day and night. He had always tried to limit his fluid intake before bed, but now he'd had probably drunk more before bed than he ever had in his life.

He sighed, accepting the inevitable would happen. He just silently prayed that Amy's confidence in the tape on diapers was well founded. He knew without a doubt that he would wake up wet, and as much as she assured him that her and her mum wouldn't bat an eyelid about wet sheets and pyjamas, he had no desire to find out firsthand. He shook himself dry in the stall, then briefly ran the water to wash his pee away. He would be a bit ashamed to admit it, but it was kinda fun to be naughty and pee in the shower. He finished by wiping himself with the cloth he'd used earlier.

His attention turned to the big diaper. Remembering what Amy had said, he worked out which was the front, then placed it between his legs and held in in place while he did the tapes up. It was a lot more awkward than he had imagined. He had to redo the tapes more than once, and even then it didn't feel quite right. He wondered if putting it on while laying down like a baby would be easier. It was certainly the thickest diaper he'd ever seen or felt. 

The feeling of warmth and puffiness between his legs was astounding. Just wearing it gave him a feeling of safety and comfort that he'd never experienced with a night nappy before. With his Goognights, he felt a bit of security, but not a lot. They were certainly better than nothing, but Dan had woken up on wet sheets too many times to have complete faith in them anymore. These, on the other hand felt really thick and trustworthy. But they still didn't seem to be fitting properly. One side seemed tighter than the other, but he couldn't seem to find what was wrong with it. With a shrug, he pulled his pants on and went back to the lounge room.

Amy greeted him. "That's much more presentable mate! You getting so much better at dressing yourself properly!"

Dan tried not to laugh at her jest, but couldn't help himself.

"So what's the verdict Dan, feel comfortable or what?"

"Yeah. Sorta I guess. But I don't think I've got it on right. It seems to be hanging down on one side a bit. When I walk like this," he took a step and swore, "bloody hell. I think the tapes just broken!"

Amy was quick to respond. "Stand still! Don't move Dan. Let me check."

Before he could respond, Amy had taken two steps and was right in front of him, reaching for his pants and yanking them down. The diaper nearly came down with them, and it was only Dans quick reflexes in grabbing hold of it at the last second that prevented him from ending up naked from the waist down in front of her.

"Jesus Amy! What're you doing?"

"Shush for a moment Catholic boy! Let me see what you've done wrong here. Ahh. That's it! The tapes weren't done up properly on this side! You did the other side up first, didn't you? Both top and bottom?"

Blushing furiously, with his pyjamas around his ankles, using both hands to hold the diaper up, Dan could only mutter in agreeance.

"What I do, is I hold it squarely in place, like this," and she undid the other tapes and straightened the diaper, leaving him standing uselessly just holding it in place to cover his boyhood, "then I do the bottom tape up on one side, like this, then the other bottom tape like this," suddenly the nappy seemed to already be fitting better, "then, is it snug?" He nodded. "Then I do up the top ones to make it a tight fit, like this! Voilà!"

She stood up. Dan gingerly let go of his diaper, and was relieved to find out it not only stayed up, but was a lot more secure with its fit.

"Thanks Ames, but Jesus! Give me some warning next time you want to pull my pants down!"

She smiled sweetly at him. "Oh don't worry Dan. I will...."

*130*2016-04-12 12:07

Chapter 52:

The kids settled in again. They were tired, but also worked up now, and needed to calm down a bit before going to bed could be considered. They started chatting away again, not about anything specific, just letting the conversation take its own course. After a few minutes, Amy lay back, and without saying anything stretched her legs out and put her bare feet on Dans lap. It seemed natural now, and he automatically moved his hands without saying anything while she got comfortable, then gently put a hand on top of her pretty bare foot, but this time it just happened naturally, and wasn't a big deal.

They both checked their phones, and spent a few minutes in companionable silence as they replied or responded to messages or Facebook updates. Dans friends had been active, egging him on for more updates, but he decided to ignore them until morning. His mum had messaged him again not long ago, telling him his aunt was now fine, but in full labour, both babies seemed fine, and the birth seemed imminent. She would call him tomorrow.

Amy was doing similar things. Her friend Tania had messaged her asking what she was doing, and Amy had great delight in telling her she had a boy staying over. She asked Dan if she could take his picture, and he agreed as long as it was a headshot that didn't show him lounging around in his PJ's.

After awhile, as one o'clock loomed, it seemed by unspoken agreement that it was now bedtime. Dan let Amy use the bathroom first to brush her teeth, then it was his turn. While he brushed, he considered if he should use the toilet again. Over the last hour and a half, he'd completely emptied his bladder twice, and he didn't feel any particular need to go again. Also, the thought of battling with his diaper tapes loomed large. If he had problems, he'd have to ask Amy for help again, and he didn't really want to. He was worried about wetting in his sleep and leaking, but also accepted that he would wet tonight, based on how much they had drunk tonight. He almost regretted it, but not quite.

Pre-emptive strike.

The words seemed to appear in his thoughts as if by magic. If he did pee now, while standing up, he shouldn't leak, and it might just take the edge off enough to prevent him from emptying a full bladder while laying down sleeping during the night. He decided he would try.

Once again he spread his legs and relaxed his bladder. This time however, not a lot came out. He did dribble for a few seconds, but even when he pushed, he could only manage a small squirt. It was immediately absorbed into the thick padding between his legs, and the premium diaper drew all the moisture away from his skin instantly. Within seconds, he didn't even feel wet anymore. He was very impressed. He decided he wouldn't tell Amy what he'd just done though. He felt that they had discussed diapers and wetting enough for one day.

Back in the lounge room, he found Amy holding a somewhat battered looking teddy bear. She looked a lot younger than her 14 years in her Mickey Mouse nightie and holding her teddy. The knowledge that she was wearing a nappy underneath it didn't exactly dispel the illusion.

"Danny, this is Teddy, my oldest friend. Mum got him for me while I was still in hospital after my accident, and he's slept with me every night since!"

Playing along, Dan replied "Hello Teddy. You're a very lucky bear you know!"

They shared a laugh at that.

"Danny, I'm stuffed. I've gotta go to bed. Do you need anything before I crash?"

"Two things Ames. I always take a glass of water to bed in case I get thirsty, but I'll fetch that. The other thing I need is this." He bent over and kissed the tip of her nose. She responded in kind, but these were just innocent childish kisses, not the deep, passionate sort that they had experienced earlier.

Dan quickly fetched a glass of water, and Amy told him to leave the kitchen light on, so he did. He was grateful he didn't have to negotiate his way back in the dark.

Amy had gotten into her bed in the short time Dan had been in the kitchen, and he carefully stepped over her as he found his way to his bed in the gloom.

"Good night Amy. Thanks for everything today."

She sounded almost asleep already, but said "'Night Danny. Love you!"

And with that she was asleep.

Dan got into bed, but suddenly felt wide awake. He'd never slept at a friends place, and never in the same room with anyone else. He felt on edge for some reason and couldn't relax. He lay back and closed his eyes, but sleep wouldn't accept him as its friend. His mind kept spinning, going over the wealth of new experiences he'd had today.

First time talking and hanging out with a girl. First time meeting another kid with his problems. First time holding hands. First innocent kiss and cuddle. First time seeing someone else wet a nappy. His first self induced orgasm while awake. Wetting a nappy in front of a girl. His pacifier being discovered. Deliberately wetting their diapers with each other. Actually having a girlfriend. Wearing his first adult pull up, followed by a real diaper. His first grown up kiss and cuddle. Sleeping in the same room with a girl. Planning on having his first cigarette and then playing wetting games in their pants tomorrow. Planning on wearing a swim nappy.

The list kept growing. It was no wonder he couldn't relax. It was a lot for an adolescent boy to process.

20 minutes later, he gave up. He quietly got up and sat on the couch. His glance went straight to Amy. She was laying on her side, curled up, with her teddy bear clutched in the crook of her arm. She could pass for ten years old while she slept like that. The light from the kitchen cast a soft glow on her features, but obviously didn't bother her. Her head was furthest away from him, and her pretty little feet stuck out towards him from under the blanket. Again, he wondered about his strange attraction for her feet or socks.

As he watched her sleep, his mind drifted over the things he'd seen her do today. The wettings, deliberate and accidental. Flashing her nappy at him, pulling his pants down, putting her feet on him. Virtually everything she had done, he found an attraction towards. There was no doubt in his mind. As stupid as it may seem, he was in love with her.

She groaned softly in her sleep. Dan had been admiring her feet that were on top of each other, free of the blanket as she lay on her side. As he watched, she rolled onto her back, and he saw her feet part company with each other. He turned his glance back to her face, and as he watched, she muttered something, then raised her arm up and stuck her thumb in her mouth and started sucking on it.

She was wetting in her sleep.

After a moment, she rolled over the other way, leaving Teddy behind, and settled back into a deep sleep.

Dan had felt himself stirring in his nappy briefly, but he suddenly felt overwhelmed with tiredness. He knew sleep was at last possible. He felt a bit warm, so he didn't get under the blankets, but lay on top, thoughts of Amy running through his head. This was how he fell asleep.

Eventually the boy started dreaming. Of course, his dreams were filled with images of Amy, interspersed with various thoughts and feelings about what he had experienced that day. One moment they were at the park, and Amy was wearing her striped socks and peeing in her nappy. With no reasonable continuity she was using his paci. He was wetting his tape on diaper at the same time as she was adjusting it. He played with her socks, she pushed her breasts against him. He was checking out if his pyjamas were still dry, she was laughing at his jokes. He was running down the stairs in a nappy to meet his uncle, his mother was checking Amy's nappy.

It went around and around. Random images that didn't always make sense. But then, his mind seemed to lock onto their kiss behind the pool. He could smell, feel and taste her. She was rubbing his back as he rubbed hers.

In the course of his dream, she pulled back from their embrace. He looked at her, and she was standing in front of him, a trickle of pee running down her legs which were now encased in white socks with red and black polka dots all over them. As he watched, her legs and socks got wetter as the pee trail got stronger. She was now looking at him, and had his paci in her mouth. In his dream she spoke. "Danny, I just wet myself....."

Dan woke up with a start. He was breathing heavily, and had his right hand pressed firmly on the front of his diaper. He was squeezing his extremely stiff boyhood through the thick padding of his diaper. Before he even woke up fully, he found his hand tightening and moving around, trying desperately to get a hold on himself. But as he lay there, hand moving and squeezing through the thick padding, he felt the same warm tingling starting in his belly and lower regions that he'd only felt for the first time earlier today while he showered. It was the most intense sensation he had ever had. It was the feeling of an impending eruption, an eruption that was now beyond his power to stop. And even if he could have chosen to stop it, he wouldn't have.

Before he had even fully woken up, he was aware of what was about to happen for only the second time in his life, and he gave himself fully over to it. His legs shot straight out, his stockinged toes curled, his hips thrusted upwards, and the most amazing pulsating feeling shot through his body. He felt his boyhood twitching in his nappy, then he was still.

His first thought, when he was capable of thinking again, was a silent prayer that Amy was still asleep and hadn't woken up to his antics. Thankfully, his prayer was answered, and Amy remained asleep, blissfully unaware of what he had just done. His second thought was an awareness that his diaper was wet on his backside. It felt a little wet in the front as well, but he suspected that he knew why that might be. He slipped a finger into the leg band under his butt. He did feel damp, but his nappy had done a superb job of absorbing his accident. His third thought was a realisation that his bladder was empty. He had fully emptied it while he slept, but he hadn't come close to leaking.

He grabbed his phone and checked the time while his heart rate started to slow down. He was breathless, and felt like he'd run a race. 4am. He returned his phone to the table, had a sip of water, and lay back down again. He thought to himself that there was no way in hell he'd get anymore sleep tonight.

90 seconds later he was snoring softly.

At ten past four, Sonia, who had woken up and gone to the toilet, walked softly to the kitchen for a drink of water. She stuck her head into the lounge room to check on the kids, almost expecting to find them curled up together in the same bed.

What she saw, was her daughter curled up in a ball, cuddling her beloved teddy bear. Her new friend was fast asleep laying face down on top of his own bed, his pyjama pants slightly down at the back, exposing his diaper to the world.

"I don't know what I was worried about," she thought, "they're just kids after all. It's not like they're going to get up to too much mischief, God bless them."

Feeling a bit silly for worrying, she went back to bed.

*132*2016-04-13 03:06

Chapter 53:

Dan was woken up by the feeling of pressure on his leg, gently shaking him from side to side. He opened his eyes to see Amy standing over him, one foot raised and resting on his leg as she shook him with it.

"Wakey wakey Danny boy! Time for up!"

He opened his eyes, and was greeted by the sight of Amy's bare legs disappearing under her nightie, with a glimpse of her diaper thrown in for good measure. From what he could tell, it looked a bit full and heavy, sagging slightly. She was smiling down at him, the smile touching her eyes, her cheekbones raised, hair all tousled and messy, and holding Teddy in her right hand.

There were definitely worse sights to wake up to, he thought, and he returned the smile, which turned into a yawn as he stretched. At some stage he had found his way under the blankets again, and except for his feet, he was fully covered.

"Morning pretty Amy," he smiled, "what's the time?"

"Nearly 9. I've been up for about 15 minutes. I'm gonna make some brekky, ya want some?"

He did indeed, but he suddenly found himself nervous, worrying about the state of his pyjamas and sheets. The memory of his 4am wake up flashed into his mind, but it had a vague, dream like quality about it, and he couldn't be sure whether or not it had really happened, or perhaps he had just had a wet dream. A quick glance at his half empty water glass confirmed it hadn't been a dream, but he had indeed woken up while masturbating in his sleep. A mild feeling of guilt washed briefly over him, and Amy must've seen something in his eyes.

"What's up mate? You alright ?"

He quickly gathered his thoughts. "Yeah. I'm fine. My diaper feels a bit wet though. I hope I haven't leaked."

"Told you before Dan. It doesn't matter if you did," she grabbed at his blanket, "let's see!"

He was quicker this time. Quicker than he had been when she had pulled his pants down last night. He was able to grab the blanket and hold it in place.

"Hang on Ames. Just give me a moment." He put his hand under the blanket, and slipped it underneath his butt, gingerly exploring the bottom sheet with it, then the back and crotch of his pyjamas. While he felt all warm inside his nappy, the bedding and his pants still felt dry. He slipped his hand inside his pants, and probed the front of his diaper with his fingers. It felt very warm and squishy, but the front of his pants were still dry as well.

He knew what it meant when the front of his night time diaper got wet. He often slept while laying on his stomach, and often wet while being face down. When he wore his Goodnights, this was the worst position of all to wet in. Invariably he would wake up soaked, both his pants and shirt, and have a huge wet spot on his bed. If he was on his back when he wet it wasn't too bad, they seemed to contain it better, but wetting on his stomach was usually a recipe for disaster. This time however, it appeared the big nappy had done its job superbly. He knew he had wet at least twice then as he slept, but didn't seem to have leaked at all. These diapers were impressive.

Amy stood there grinning as he completed his touch inspection. "Soooo, what's the verdict? Are you sure you're dry now? Or are you just playing with yourself?"

This almost caused Dan to react. But he somehow managed to keep his face expressionless. For half a second he thought she had been referring to his earlier shenanigans, but it was clear she was just trying to be funny.

"I don't believe it Amy. My diaper feels really wet, soaked actually, but I think everything else is still dry! These are amazing!"

"Toldya didn't I Catholic boy! These are the only thing I'll wear to bed." She lowered her voice conspirationally, "Mine got wet before I went to bed. I did a pre-emptive strike in it while you were brushing your teeth. Just in case."

He grinned back. "So did I!" And they shared a laugh with each other.

Amy continued, "I know that I wet at least twice after that. I woke up once and was already a bit damp, then this morning, I woke up while I was peeing. That's what woke me up I think. So, you getting up or not? Mums gone to the shop, so nows as good a time as any. I thought you'd rather get up while she wasn't here, just in case you had, you know, leaked or something,"

"Alright Ames. Here goes!" With a flourish he yanked the sheet and blankets off, and lay spread eagled in front of her. "See any wet bits?"

Amy looked closely. "Nope! I think your good. I wasn't so lucky. I had a tiny leak. I must've peed a huge amount to leak though. These only do that when they get reall full, like this!" She quickly lifted then lowered her nightie as she stood over him, giving him the briefest glimpse of the bulging padding that was hanging down between her legs. Dan hadn't been able to see just how full it really was when he had caught a glimpse of it before, but her quick flash had shown just how soggy she was. "Check out my bed," she added.

He looked across at her mattress. Her top bedding had been pulled aside, and there was a wet patch, perhaps 8 inches in diameter on her pink sheet.

"This is why I woke you Dan. I'm going to wash that sheet and the blanket under it, and I thought I'd do yours as well, you know, like if they needed it that is. My nightie didn't get wet, so that's something I guess. Oh! You might want to get me your wet pants from last night, we can wash and dry them as well. It'll save you having to give them to your mum to wash."

Dan thought that was a good idea, so he got up, and together they stripped the sheets off both beds, and Amy took those, plus her bottom blanket into the laundry and started loading the machine while Dan retrieved the plastic bag containing his wet shorts and boxers from the bathroom, where he'd stashed it. He went back to the laundry, and Amy was standing in front of the washing machine with her hand out.

"It's okay Amy. I'll do it," he muttered.

"Don't be silly Danny. Just pass it here."

She grabbed the bag and pulled his wet pants out, putting them on top. She removed his blue boxer shorts with the pictures of cars all over them, and a big wet stain on the back and held them up, admiring them. "These are cute Dan!"

He felt that familiar blush rising again. His girlfriend was handling his pissy pants, and it felt strange watching it.

"I might as well get my clothes as well," she said, and padded back to her room before returning with her denim skirt, t-shirt and bra, and her scrunched up stripey socks. "Need to wash my grotty socks don't I?" She said with a cheeky grin.

At that point Dan realised that she had noticed his attraction to her feet and socks. He thought he'd done a good job of hiding it, but it must've been pretty obvious after all. Suddenly it became clear to him. All her antics, making him touch her striped socks, putting the polka dot ones on, resting her feet on him, it was all because she had seen that he'd liked it. He smiled to himself. "She's a smart girl this one. I'm not going to be able to keep any secrets from her" he thought.

As Amy turned on the machine, her phone rang. Dan could tell it was Sonia she was speaking with. Amy finished with "Okay, love you too!"

"Mums bumped into a friend at the shops. They're going to have brekky there. I guess it's up to me to make ours. What do you feel like?"

"Don't really care Amy. Whatever you're having I guess. But aren't we going to change first?"

He was getting better at reading her expressions. He could tell right away she was planning something already. The question was what?

"Weeelllll, we COULD get changed first, OR we could start our holding contest now, and use our diapers for one more accident before we took 'em off. Be a shame to waste them after all.... As I told you, I woke up doing a wee, but I reckon I've got some left. How about you?"

He shifted his feet uncomfortably. "I guess I must've peed awhile ago. I'm not bursting, but I'm just starting to feel it. I guess that's why I asked. I was gonna have a pee in the toilet when I took this off. The way I am, I'll need to go sooner rather than later now I can start to feel it."

Taking his answer as a yes, she declared "Alright then! Let's start drinking! Cup of tea, coffee, juice, milk or water?"

Knowing it was probably pointless arguing, and if he was to be honest with himself he didn't want to argue anyway, he replied "I don't drink coffee. But I'll have tea or juice, whatever you're having."

"Tea AND juice it is then!" She put the kettle on, and poured a glass of apple juice for each of them. "Sorry it's not orange juice, but that upsets my tummy sometimes. I don't have any problems with apple juice though, and it makes me pee," she added with a grin.

"What doesn't make you pee?" He asked with a grin.

"Not much really" came the reply, and they both laughed at it.

"I've gotta eat healthy today Dan. After yesterday, I need to settle my gut down. I'm going to have some muesli and soy milk, and some dry toast with honey. We've got Coco Pops and real milk as well though, plus jam or Vegemite?

"I love Coco Pops. And Vegemite on toast would be great. Can I help?"

She set him some tasks, and soon they were sitting down with bowls of cereal, glasses of juice, and a cup of tea each while their toast was cooking. Amy had placed a towel on her chair before sitting down.

"I'm actually really wet Dan. I can feel it squishing around under me!"

"I'm surprised Ames. Mines really wet as well, but it still sorta feels dry on my skin. I can't believe how well these things work. I must've peed laying on my stomach as well, but they still didn't leak! I do kind of want to push it a bit more, just to like see how much more it can hold. All in the name of science of course!"

"Of course Dan. A serious experiment you mean," she added in a jokingly serious tone, "in the interests of science for sure. You better drink up then. For science."

Dan raised his juice and proposed a toast. "For science!"

"For science!" Amy replied, and they clinked their glasses and drank deeply. The light hearted conversation continued. Amy let Dan try her muesli with soy milk, causing him to pull a face and quickly wash it down with tea.

"Oh God Amy. That's horrible. I know you've got to watch what you eat, but really?"

She laughed. "It's not that bad Daniel! Keeps me healthy. You should try it! Get rid of that little tummy roll you're carrying!"

Pretending to take offence, he declared "That my dear is all muscle," and the banter continued back and forth. Both of them so comfortable in each other's presence, it was hard to believe they had only met 24 hours before.

The toast popped up, and as Amy took it from the toaster, Dan took their bowls and empty juice glasses to the sink. As he walked behind her, as she busily prepared their second course, he noticed that she was keeping her knees pressed together, and was leaning forward on her toes a bit. He thought she must be building up her need to pee, but was trying to hold on for a bit longer.

While she was distracted, he snuck up behind her, his socked feet making no noise on the tiles. Once properly positioned, he firmly jabbed his fingers into her sides, just below her ribs, and yelled "You don't need to pee do you?"

She jumped, dropping the knife she had been using, issuing a high pitched scream. She bent forward at the waist, and there was a sudden dripping noise.

Amy had pee running down both legs, dripping off her knees, and forming a growing puddle on the tiles. She stayed standing like that for maybe twenty seconds, and the puddle grew larger, eventually encompassing her little feet with their brightly painted toenails in it. Both kids just froze on the spot, watching as she finished wetting herself.

Eventually the rivulets slowed to just drips, and she replied almost angrily "Not anymore I don't!"

Dan thought he may have crossed the line and upset her. But she gave him an evil grin.

"You bastard. I am sooo going to get you for that. My revenge will be sweet, you'll see. Now. Get me a freaking towel. I want to clean this up before mum gets home."

"Ames. I'm sorry. Really I am. I didn't think you'd leak everywhere like that. I mean I...."

She cut him off. "Towel. Now Catholic boy. I can't move. I'm just going to stand in this puddle and consider what my vengeance is going to be like."

He decided he had better do as she said. He hurried to the bathroom where he retrieved two towels and her special washcloth, which he dampened for her. When he got back to the kitchen, she was still standing in the puddle, unable to move without making a bigger mess. She took a towel from him, and placed it on the dry floor beside the puddle, then stood on it. She placed the other towel on the puddle, and let it soak her pee into it.

She took the cloth from him, saying "You better leave me for a moment. I'm gonna have to take my diaper off here."

"Amy, I'm sorry, I just.."

"Too late for that Dan" she smiled evilly, "I am going to make you pay for that!"

He decided leaving was the best option.

After he had gone, Amy undid the diaper tapes, and caught it before it fell, placing it on the wet towel. She used the cloth to roughly wipe her legs, feet and privates off, then quickly dried them with the other towel. She got a plastic bag from a drawer, and placed her sodden diaper in it, marvelling at how heavy it was. She then ran some hot water onto the towel she had used on herself, and gave the floor a good wipe down.

All the while she was plotting. She had an idea forming of how she could exact her revenge, she just needed to fine tune the details.

*134*2016-04-13 06:32

{{

Damn this story is getting better and better first the kiss then Amy helping Dan with his diaper

}}

Thank you ☺️

*136*2016-04-14 03:36

Chapter 54:

Amy took the 2 towels, plus the one from the dining room chair that she had been sitting on, and dumped them in the laundry. Even though she had just peed, she was nervous about walking around with not even any knickers on, let alone protection. She hastily washed her hands, then went into her room to pad up again. Whilst there, inspiration struck her.

Dan was sitting nervously on the couch watching TV. He was worried Amy was upset with him for his prank. Yes, he had intended to make her wet herself, but he hadn't counted on her nappy being to full to cope with it. She didn't seem super upset, but she was probably a little bit mad he thought. He wondered what revenge she was planning for him. No doubt it would involve tickling or jabbing him while he was full. He'd have to be wary.

She called to him from the kitchen, telling him that their toast was cold, and asking if that was okay, or would she start again. He hurried out to see her. She was still in her nightie, and it appeared nothing had changed. He'd expected she would have a shower, but apparently she hadn't yet.

"Cold toast is fine Ames. Look. About now. I really didn't mean to make you..."

"Shut it Daniel. What's done is done. You got me a beauty, now I'm gonna have to get you back. Simple really. Now take your damn toast!"

She sounded harsh, but she kept smiling at him the whole time. He relaxed a bit, relieved that she wasn't angry with him. He took his toast and sat back at the table with the remnants of his tea, as did Amy.

"You really startled me Danny boy. All of a sudden I was busting, and I thought I'd finish making the toast, then I was going to call you outside and have us both test our diapers one more time. It WAS going to be outside because I knew I'd leak. I wanted to watch you take your pants off again like you did last night, but we're probably out of time now. Mum will be back shortly. By the way, ARE you still holding on?"

"Yeah" Dan replied, "it's still not to bad yet though. I'm only just feeling it. Wait till the juice and tea work through me, then it'll be more urgent. I woke up at about 4, and had peed once by then, so I must've gone again after, that's why I'm not real desperate yet I guess."

"It's okay Dan. We've got all day. Well at least until your mum picks you up. Have you heard from her?"

"I was just texting her then, while you were, uh, like getting changed," he lowered his eyes before continuing, " Aunt Jackie finally gave birth about 7 this morning! 2 boys, and everyone is fine. Mum and Steve are still at the hospital and haven't slept. They're staying with Jackie for a little bit, then going back to her house for a sleep. They'll go back to the hospital before driving back later. My mum has called your mum to see if I can stay here until dinner time. You're stuck with me for the day I'm afraid!"

"That's great Dan! It'll give me lots of chances to get even with you! Now, you wanna pour us both some more juice? We've got a holding contest to prepare for!"

The boy grinned. He was happy Amy wasn't mad, he was pleased to be spending the whole day here, and he was looking forward to their holding challenge. He was secretly excited about the thought of Amy actually wetting her pants, and not just a diaper. He wasn't looking forward so much to doing it himself, but it wouldn't be the first time he supposed.

"So what's the plan Ames? What do you have in mind exactly?" He set the juice on the table in front of her.

"Well, it's nearly ten. Mum wants to leave by eleven, so she should be back any minute now. After she's gone, we'll have a shower,"

She saw his eyes widen with shock and she laughed.

"Not together you dickhead! I meant we'll EACH have a shower, go and get some coke and iced tea and stuff, drink way more than we should, put our little swim diapers on, then spend some time running around outside and see who holds on the longest. We can have a couple of cigarettes each, that is if you haven't changed your mind, and wait until we both have a real accident. No deliberate peeing allowed. We've gotta try and hold on as long as we can first. After that though, I intend to just play like a little kid again, and just pee my pants whenever I want to without caring about it. If anyone should happen to arrive unexpectedly, we can just jump in the pool! Whaddya think of that for an idea?"

Dan told her it was probably the best plan he'd ever heard. "But we are going to have to wear something for protection first though, aren't we? I mean you can't risk walking to the shop without a diaper, can you?"

She gave him her best cheeky grin. "Someone left this in my room. I thought I'd wear it for awhile...."

She lifted up her nightie, and Dan saw what she was now wearing underneath it.

His Goonight from the day before.

Yet again, she had shocked him. Every single time he thought he was getting a handle on Amy, she managed to do something that he would never expect.

"Amy! I was wearing that yesterday! Don't you think that's kinda gross or something?"

She laughed. "Dan, I'm probably gonna pee in it. So I don't think wearing a dry one could be as gross as that! Besides, as you said, I have to wear something when we walk to the shop. It would be a shame to waste a good Molicare just going for a short walk. I really don't like putting on a nappy that I've wet before, so if I did leak in it, I couldn't just put it on again after we had our little playtime."

He considered that, and saw the logic behind her argument. But before he could formulate a reply, Sonia's car pulled up outside.

"Mums home Dan. Just be cool about our plans, okay? We're just going to spend the day chilling around the pool, alright?"

When Sonia walked in, she greeted Dan with a big smile. She asked if he'd slept okay, and told him about talking to his mother and how he was to spend the day there. Dan told her about getting his mums message, and they chatted about how great it was that his aunt and the babies were doing well. Sonia couldn't help noticing Dans diaper just peeking out over the top of his pyjamas waistband. It made him look really vulnerable and young, and again she thought about how these two were really a lot younger in spirit than 14. They were both quite sweet and innocent she decided, and chastised herself silently for thinking that they may "play up" with each other. Really, they were just like little kids she thought. She was so happy that they had both found someone else who might understand how traumatic their problems were. She hoped that if either of them did have an accident, they wouldn't get too upset about it.

After a couple of minutes of small talk, Sonia went to get dressed for work, and Amy declared she was going to shower. That left Daniel sitting by himself at the table, in a soggy, full adult diaper, and a burgeoning need to pee, now that the tea and two juices were working through him. He hoped he'd be able to hold on for a bit longer. He didn't want to take his diaper off in the toilet, as there was nowhere to dump it, plus he wanted to shower when he took it off. The thought of removing it, but not being able to clean up until Amy finished in the bathroom was kinda icky. He decided to hold on.

Ten minutes later, he was still sitting there, playing on his phone. His urge to urinate was now strong, and he was coming to terms with the knowledge that he'd either have to pee soon, or he would end up wetting himself at the table, and risk the same sort of overflow drama that Amy had suffered. Knowing that sitting down increased the risk of leaking, he stood up just in case. As he did, a strong wave of pure urgency washed over him, and he thought he may have leaked a little. He couldn't tell for sure, as his nappy was already very wet, but he was fairly sure a few drops had escaped. Glad he was alone, he quickly jammed his hands firmly into the front of his pyjamas, clamped his knees together and bent over. The urge passed quickly thankfully, and he straightened up but kept one hand grasping at himself through his pants and nappy, feeling not unlike a small boy who had been caught short.

He heard voices, and realised that Amy was now out of the bathroom and talking to her mother in the hallway. While he didn't exactly have a wish for Amy to see him so desperate, he could accept it if it happened. But there was no way at all he wanted her mum to see him holding himself like a little boy. Using every ounce of willpower at his disposal, he stood up straight and took his hand off his crotch, releasing the firm pressure he had been applying. He hadn't been able to actually hold himself through the thick diaper, but had been applying firm pressure on his boyhood. As he pulled his hand away, he leaked for sure. For a few seconds he felt hot urine trickling out of him, but it soon stopped as he clenched his muscles to their fullest extent.

Sweating slightly, feeling the fresh warmth inside his pants, he started walking towards the door. As he entered the hall, he caught a glimpse of Sonia disappearing into her room again after her talk with Amy. Her daughter was standing there rubbing her now wet but still beautiful blonde hair with a towel, still in her Mickey Mouse nightie. He walked briskly up to her, trying to keep his legs together but still walk normally. It wasn't working very well.

"Amy" he whispered, "I need a towel. I've gotta use the toilet or shower. Like right away!"

Noticing how he was bobbing up and down, Amy quickly judged the situation correctly.

"Awww. Does little Danny need a wee wee? Is he gonna wet his nappy? Awww! Poor baby Danny! It would be such a shame if he had an accident like I did, wouldn't it? Maybe I should poke you in the bloody ribs as well, eh matey? Would little Danny like that?"

"Amy," he hissed softly, "this isn't funny. I'm sorry about that. But your mums home now, and I can't hold on any longer. Just get me a bloody towel please!"

For a moment, he thought this was going to be her revenge. She was going to torture him, and he would soak himself, and Sonia would see him as he pissed on the floor. But she smiled at his dilemma briefly, then stepped past him to a hallway linen cupboard, from which she extracted a towel which she handed to him, then, without saying a word, she stepped aside and gave him direct unfettered access to the bathroom.

He didn't wait to be asked. He grabbed the towel, and almost ran into the bathroom slamming the door behind him. Once inside, he dropped the towel on the floor, pulled his pyjama pants down, stepped out of them straight into the shower. The floor was still wet from Amy's shower, and he felt the water soaking into his white socks, but he didn't care at all. He was already peeing with no hope of stopping. He let out the deep breath he'd been holding, and just gave himself fully over to the feeling of relief. His eyes were closed and his legs were spread. He could feel the warmth spreading itself through the front and the gusset of his nappy. He felt it swell up, and could feel the heaviness of it as it slowly started sagging. The added weight dragging it down as gravity took hold. He felt his forceful stream tapering off slowly. His nappy seemed like it was doing the impossible. It was holding what seemed like gallons, and was still holding up perfectly.

Just as he felt the final squirts being released, his nappy finally gave up. A trickle of pee found its way out. First on his left leg, and moments later it was joined by one on his right leg as well. The feeling of pee trickling down his inner thighs caused him to open his eyes and watch. The two streams appeared to be racing each other, with first one, then the other taking the lead. Not to be outdone, a tiny waterfall erupted from between his spread legs, where it splattered onto the tiled floor between his feet. Not wanting to be beaten either, the trickles on his legs worked their way simultaneously over his knees, then picked up speed as they raced down his nearly hairless legs, eventually meeting their match when they hit the top of his socks, which were resting on his ankles.

As he watched, the tops of his socks got gradually wetter, before soaking them both, and running into the small pee lake between his feet, increasing its size considerably.

When he'd at last finished peeing, he removed the now drenched nappy, and after marvelling at its weight, he leaned out of the shower where he dropped it in the sink. He removed his shirt, and dropped it onto of his pyjama pants. He then turned the shower head away and ran the water, adjusting it to the right temperature. Once it was right, he swung it back around, and stepped under the hot water without removing his socks.

He washed himself thoroughly, but without indulging himself as he had done during his previous shower. He washed his hair, and finished off by removing his wet socks and wringing them out.

"That was close" he thought.

He dried himself off, binned his diaper, then stepped back into his pjs again. It was the first time in over 24 hours that he hadn't worn some form of protection under his pants, and it felt kind of weird, like he was naked or something.

Slipping his t-shirt back on, and deciding it needed to be changed, he picked up his wet socks, and left the bathroom.

He had a holding challenge to prepare for.

*139*2016-04-15 23:30

Chapter 55:

After he left the bathroom, Dan realised that he needed to use the toilet for other reasons than peeing. Normally, he would have sat on the toilet before his shower, but he hadn't been thinking about that, just wanting to not pee on the floor had been his only priority. When he turned to the lavatory door however he found it closed and occupied, so he went to the lounge room instead. There was no sign of anyone, and looking outside he confirmed Sonia's car had gone. That meant Amy must be in the loo.

He stuffed his wet socks into his backpack, and took it with him as he walked towards Amy's room, pausing outside the toilet and calling, "You in there Ames?"

"Yeah, give me a minute,"came the reply, so he continued on, shutting the door behind him. Taking the opportunity of being alone, he proceeded to get dressed.

What protection to wear was the biggest issue. He usually didn't wear any at home during the day. He'd been wearing his Goodnights to school, but at home, where he had complete freedom to just go to the toilet anytime he wanted too, he didn't bother with it. He hadn't even originally planned on wearing his pull ups to the hospital yesterday, but his mum had made him do so. Then, before they had left with Steve, she had told him to keep wearing something just in case.

But Dan and his girlfriend, (Girlfriend! He grinned) were planning on wetting their pants anyway later, and, like her, he didn't want to waste a diaper unnecessarily. He decided to follow her lead and wear a Goodnight to start with, just in case. But his shorter and tighter football shorts which he'd be wearing wouldn't hide even one of those real well, but he thought he would get away with it. The Goodnight was fairly thin after all, and apart from the walk to the shops, only Amy would see him anyway. He put his little blue shorts on over it, and was pleasantly pleased to find it wasn't noticeable at all. Well hardly noticeable anyway.

After that, it was easy. He slipped into a basketball style singlet, and his flip flops, stashing his pjs and dirty t-shirt in his bag. He couldn't believe just how thin and flimsy the "kiddie pull up" now felt under his pants. He'd worn them to bed for at least 9 years, after graduating from baby diapers, and had been wearing them to school and occasionally out in public for about 4 weeks now, and had been trying to put a lot of faith in them, but now, after nearly a full day spent wearing "grown up" protection, he didn't think he'd be able to keep putting his trust in them anymore.

He heard the toilet flush, footsteps, then the tap running in the bathroom. He met Amy in the hall. Knowing what a trip to the toilet could mean for her, he asked softly, "You okay Amy? How's your tummy?"

She smiled at him. "Not to bad now. I think the worst is over. I just got a sudden urge to go after my shower, but I made it on time. Mum had another talk with me. She stressed again how she wanted me to wear a swimmer in the pool. I complained of course, saying I didn't want to wear one in front of you," she let out a big over exaggerated sigh, "but she insisted," Amy finished with a huge grin, "so I guess I better do as my mum wants!"

Dan returned her big grin. "Yeah, you might have too. I hope you're not upset about it?"

"Oh, I'm sure I'll get over it in time Danny. I guess I should get dressed then."

"Yeah, and I gotta, uh, like, go in there myself now" he said and pointed at the toilet.

"Good luck mate" she replied, "I did use the air freshener, but......."

He said he'd take the risk of being gassed, and went in, pulling down his shorts and pull up and sitting down. The seat was still warm from where Amy had been sitting, and while a warm toilet seat might of usually been a bit disgusting for him, he found it didn't bother him in the slightest.

After he had done his business and washed his hands, he found Amy in the kitchen, making two more cups of tea. He was stunned by what she wore. She had put on a pink t-shirt that was short and exposed her flat belly, a pair of high cut off pink denim shorts, and some white socks that were folded over at the top, showing a lacy fringe resting on her ankles. Her hair had no trace of the blue streaks left in it, and was now tied back in a ponytail, held in place by a pink elastic band. She had no eyeliner or mascara on, and looked and smelled fresh, clean and very feminine. About the only thing the same, was her nose ring. It was a big difference from the almost goth/grunge teenager he had met yesterday.

She turned and saw him staring. She sounded a bit shy and unsure of herself as she spoke. "I thought I might try some of my more girlie clothes today. Not sure if I like it or not."

"Ames. Wow. You were, uh, really pretty yesterday, uh, I mean, I thought you were very pretty yesterday," he saw a flicker of worry cross her face and realised she was worried he didn't like it, so he hurried on, "what I meant was, I couldn't believe a pretty girl like you would talk to me then, now I'm more worried. Amy, you are freaking stunning! I mean, like so beautiful! You look incredible. Not that you weren't already incredible, but, oh shit I suck at this...... " he let his sentence trail off as her face lit up.

"Shut up Dan. Don't dig yourself in any deeper. I know what you mean, and thank you!"

She put her arms around him and they kissed. They used their tongues again, as they had done last night, but this time it was different. The kiss was full of love and affection, not pent up teenage hormones. They didn't grind against one another, they didn't vigorously rub each other's backs and explore with their hands, and they didn't try to force their tongues around. They merely held each other, and kept softly kissing. Their tongues just gently probing, lips just softly brushing each other's, and occasionally ever so carefully biting at each other's lips. It felt good. It felt natural. It felt like love. Perhaps the sort of love that can only be experienced as first love, or teenage love, but it was love. And that's all that mattered.

When they stopped, Dan was aware his privates were standing at attention again. He was starting to learn just how little control he actually had of stopping it from happening, and knew that even with a pull up on, his tight shorts would make it obvious he was erect. Thankfully, Amy's attention seemed to be on his face.

"You know Danny, I'm gonna tell you three things. First, you are the sweetest guy I've ever met. You're nice and funny and handsome and cute and lovely. I know boys aren't supposed to be beautiful, but to me you are. Second, as I said last night. I love you. It's that simple. I do.

Dan was enraptured. He felt he was living a dream, and wished it would continue. "What's the third thing Ames?"

She kept looking him straight in the eye, her gaze never leaving his. A big cheeky smile crossed her face.

Then, without warning, in one quick action, she reached down before he had time to move, and cupped his erect boyhood in her hand, and swiftly dragging her hand upwards, applying light pressure.

"Thirdly Dan, I love your little shorts. They're very revealing aren't they? I can't wait to see you wet them later!"

He jumped back in shock.

"C'mon Catholic boy. Let's drink our tea. We've gotta start the build up sometime!"

*141*2016-04-17 08:12

Chapter 56:

Amy cracked up laughing at Dans reaction, she had one hand on the kitchen bench for support, as she bent over giggling. "Oh Danny, I'm sorry, I couldn't help it!" More laughing. "Oh God, I'm glad I just went to the toilet! Oh. Oh. I just leaked!" She put her free hand between her legs, and stayed hunched over for a few seconds, before finally getting herself under control and standing up.

"I don't believe it. I only just peed in the toilet 10 minutes ago, but I just peed a bit again! It must be the juice! I don't even feel like I need to go!"

She stood up, but bowed her legs a bit, then put both hands on the inner legs of her pale pink denim shorts and pulled on them a bit, straightening them downwards and looking at them, feeling and looking for any wetness.

Dan had quickly gotten over his shock at her unexpected touching of him, and his eyes were now riveted on the crotch of Amy's shorts as well. Was this going to be the moment he'd been waiting for, Amy in wet pants?

"Serves you right Ames. That's what you get for putting your hands where they don't belong!" He laughed as he said it though.

"You're right Danny boy. It's just that those shorts are a lot more, um, revealing, than your boardies, aren't they? Wow. I'd almost forgotten what Goodnights are like. I just peed quite a bit when I laughed, but I think they did the job alright though. I feel really wet, but I think my pants are still dry." She spun around, showing Dan her backside. "I haven't got a wet arse or anything have I?"

Dan took the opportunity to lovingly stare at her bum, tightly encased in faded pink, tanned legs poking out and trailing down towards little feet in lacy white socks, while above them, a strip of tanned bare flesh, flat and smooth, revealing her hips and back. It was a mind blowing combination. He coughed lightly to clear his throat. "No Ames. Believe me. Your bum is fine. Awesome in fact."

She laughed again with him, and handed him his tea, telling him to drink it.

"OK Danny. Our plans for today! To start with, I got off easy. Sunday's usually my chores day. Mum normally makes me vacuum, do the laundry and some gardening. But because you're here, she only asked me to wash up and do some laundry. Which I had done, before I put more pissy towels in there, thanks to you! I might leave that load until we swim, them I can wash those towels and stuff as well. I'll just put the first load in the dryer."

"Ok Ames, if you're going to do that, let me grab something else."

He went to his bag and found his wet socks. "I'll throw these in as well."

"Why Daniel! How on earth did your socks get so wet? What in the world happened to cause that?" She asked with a grin. "I never asked you how your shower went. Want to tell me about it? You didn't have a little leaky did you?"

Strangely enough he didn't feel as much embarrassment as he usually would have when discussing diaper leaks and such. He just laughed, then told her all about how his big diaper had finally reached its capacity and overflowed in the shower, causing him to wash his socks out.

"Damn. I would've liked to see that," she remarked as she got the dryer started.

After that they drank their tea as they deflated and packed up the beds, then tidied and washed up. As they worked, Amy went over her plans again.

"Alright. One more toilet stop for you just in case before we go to the shop. I'm allowed two. One before, one when we get back. That should put us on a more even footing. We'll buy our drinks, and get something we can eat outside so we don't have to come back in again. Do you still want to have a smoke? I won't push you?"

Dan nodded enthusiastically. He hated himself a little bit, but he was very keen to try smoking he realised.

She continued. "We hold on as long as possible, but we both know we're gonna end up wetting ourselves anyway. But, when you do, you can't just give up and let it all out, okay? Try to stop peeing as soon as you can and keep holding."

Dan looked at her quizzically.

"I want it to be like we're little kids. A little kid will have a small accident but still try and stop to go to the loo. Also, little kids will try and ignore their wet pants and pretend it hasn't happened and hope nobody notices. It's like how you would pee in your underwear outside even with your mum around, and how I do it still, even if my mummy's home."

Again the word "mummy" had slipped into her vocabulary while she talked about wetting herself and she hadn't noticed. Dan thought it was cute, but again didn't say anything.

"I don't mean we're going to actually pretend to be kids. I mean just be like kids. We'll play around, chill out, but we won't give a shit if an accident happens. We'll just ignore it and keep mucking around instead. And of course we'll keep drinking heaps too."

Dan piped up, "It does sound like fun, but, like, why? What's the point exactly?"

"Think about it Dan! Apart from in our swimsuits, wetting ourselves has always been a big deal, particularly around other kids. Peeing in our swimsuits is the only time we can do it, and it's not seen as weird. As you know, even other kids freak out as much as grown ups if you wet yourself. It's happened a lot to both of us, and it's always bad, having too admit that yes, you've wet your pants. I want this to be like it was when I did it as a kid after school in my big, cloth nappy, or like I did then and now, and I just relax and pee in my swimsuit and it doesn't matter and nobody cares. I just think it'll be good for both of us to just relax with another kid, and not have to either wear a diaper or worry about wetting yourself! If it happens it happens! Or when! "

She paused and took a breath, a bit surprised by her own passion for the idea she had formulated. In her mind it had just been an idea for a fun game, but as she listened to herself speak, she understood that her fun game actually had a deeper reasoning behind it.

"You know Dan, I think what I want, is to just chill and have fun with my boyfriend! That's you, by the war. But I don't want to wear a nappy. I want to be a normal 14 year old, and not one who needs a diaper on. I know I'll need a swimmer on, but not a real pull up or nappy! And I know I'll leak at least, and probably wet myself, I know you won't judge me or hate me! It just won't matter! Particularly if you have an accident as well! Just imagine, being able to just relax without wearing protection, and not caring when the worst happens. It'll be no different from our childhood, except we'll be with each other instead of alone."

Dan understood what she meant. Despite the fact that Amy had been incontinent for about 8 years, and he himself had only been a bit more accident prone than normal growing up, before having real problems for the past year, he knew exactly what she meant. The chance to be normal and unprotected and not care about it, was a chance to be taken. Who knew when the next chance to socialise undiapered might be? Particularly for Amy.

He knew it was important to her, so he'd do whatever she wanted him to do. It was that simple. He agreed that it sounded like fun, and he'd go along with it.

"Alright then Danny. Let's have a drink of juice, go to the loo, and go to the shop then! Ummm, have you got another Goodnight I could borrow? This ones probably nearly full."

It was Dans turn to produce an evil smile.

"It's my turn to set some rules Ames. You've made them all weekend, but I've got one now. We'll go to the loo, then the shop, but I think you should leave that pull up on. Leave it on when we go. I dare you.!"

Amy actually smiled. Like it didn't bother her at all. "Is that your rule Danny? Ok. No problem. I'll keep it on till we get back. Let's pee, then start holding!"

*143*2016-04-17 22:51

Chapter 57:

They finished cleaning up, drank their juice, and Dan went to the toilet. He pulled his pants down and sat down. He made a special effort to at first completely relax himself and drain, then put some pressure on his muscles and tried to squeeze absolutely every last drop out that he could. He stayed seated and pushing even after he finished, just to make sure he was as empty as he could possibly be. He dressed himself, washed his hands, and simply said "Ready," as he returned to the kitchen and filled a glass with water, and started drinking it with a look of determination about him.

Amy went next, and basically tried the same tactic. When she returned, she simply said "Let's do this," then drank a glass of water, and they prepared to leave.

They were halfway down the street before either of them realised that they were holding hands. Neither of them could of said exactly when or where it happened.

They went to the shop beside the gas station. Once there, Dan still had the money his mother had given him, and Amy still had some left as well, so they didn't have to hold back. They were selecting bottles of coke, iced tea, chips, biscuits and stuff, when suddenly Dan noticed a familiar face walk in. His friend Ali, from school.

"Ali! What are you doing here?"

Ali was surprised, but obviously happy to see his friend. When Dan introduced him to Amy, you could see by the look on his face how blown away he was. You could tell he was stunned by Amy's good looks, and a touch uncomfortable around pretty girls. Dan silently gloated a bit, knowing his reputation had just taken a serious boost.

As they chatted, Dan found out that his friends slumber party had been at Scott's house, only a few blocks in the other direction. As the three of them swapped adventure tales from the previous night, with Dan and Amy obviously not sharing anything too intimate, Ali made a comment about "Poor Scotty wet the bed again..."

Straight away Dan picked up on it, "Wait, what?"

Ali immediately looked bashful. "Shit! Sorry! Forget I said that. I forgot you don't know...doesn't matter."

Dan obviously couldn't let that go. "What do you mean Ali? Tell me. I won't say anything. Is Scott a bed wetter? What do you mean?"

Ali looked extremely uncomfortable. "Shit. Look. Don't say anything, ok? I forgot you don't know. Me and Matty have been friends with Scotty like forever. He can't help it, ya know? Listen. Scottys my best mate, alright? Don't you dare say anything to him, or you and me will have problems, alright? He can't help it. He wets the bed sometimes, well, most times. The three of us have been good mates since grade 2, and Matty and me are used to it. We've had sleepovers nearly every week for years, and we don't make a big deal of it. 

Scotts a great fella. Don't hurt him over something he can't help, or Matt and me will be pissed, got it? It's just not a big deal to us anymore, and I wasn't thinking when I said it. Promise you won't tell him I told you? He's really sensitive about it. He was really kinda relieved you didn't come to our sleepover. He totally hates people knowing he wets the bed, even though he can't help it. He seems really confident and stuff, but his night problem eats at him. It would be better if he could talk to someone, but it's not the sort of thing that's easy to talk about. When we have sleepovers, he just wears a nappy to bed and we never mention it. He's a top bloke Dan. Don't judge him on it, okay?"

Dan and Amy found themselves holding hands again. Amy prompted Dan to reply by gently squeezing his hand.

"Shit. Of course not Ali. I won't say a word. Promise. Trust me. I feel bad for him, and I'd never tease him about it. Truly."

Ali seemed still a bit worried, but also relieved as well. He said stuff that he shouldn't have, but also somehow believed Dan when he had promised not to tease him. Something just made Ali believe that Dan was telling the truth.

The three of them talked a bit longer, and Ali invited Amy and Dan over, and when they declined, he hinted about him and his friends coming to Amy's house instead.

"Sorry Ali. Dan and I have the place to ourselves for a few hours, and we're going to make the most of it," she kissed Dans cheek, "aren't we Danny?"

Dan smiled at Ali. "Sorry dude. Ames and I have some stuff planned. Maybe later?"

Ali was understanding. "Sure guys. I get it. I've gotta get back to the guys anyway. I needed to get some credit for my pre paid phone though. Remember, you don't know anything about Scotts problem. Ok?

They agreed, and after Ali left, they paid for their stuff and left as well, opening a large bottle of coke as they left, and taking turns having big drinks. They walked in silence for a minute, before the pressure of not speaking about what they had just learned got to much.

"Jeez Ames. So Scotts a bed wetter too! I wouldn't have guessed."

Amy gave an ironical laugh. "Why would you guess? Do you think that kids that look like you and I somehow look different to him because we wet the bed? Would we look like bed wetters to anyone else? Remember Danny, being a teen who wets the bed is a little bit unusual but not rare. There's lots of kids like us, and older that do it. That's why they make diapers and stuff to fit us. We're not really freaks you know, even though some people would act like it!"

"Guess you're right Ames. It's just that when I woke up yesterday, I was the only one I knew of personally, now there's two more. You and Scott. Suddenly my personal knowledge of bed wetting teenagers has liked tripled you know?"

"Maybe you should talk to him Dan. Tell him he's not alone kind of. I mean, you know what it's like. It's a huge secret to hide. At least he's got the other boys who know, and they've still accepted him. But it's a big deal for a kid to carry."

The coke got passed back and forth. "That's something I wanted to ask you Ames. Yesterday, you said that you told your class at school. Like a show and tell thing, so they would know. You said something like it's impossible to wear a nappy to school without anyone ever finding out. Do you really think that? You think I'll get found out eventually? Should I just bite the bullet and tell everyone as well?"

"Up to you Danny. For me, I have very very limited bladder control. I'm leaking and dribbling all day, and need to change at school. Plus, with my stomach problems, I need the teachers to know that if I ask to go, they need to let me, like right away. You're a bit different really. You've got some control and can manage it if you're careful. You have so far anyway. But I'll guarantee you, one day you'll slip up and have a big accident and not just a leak. It happened 3 times already at your last school, and it'll happen again. If you have a diaper failure, you'll end up with wet pants, and the other kids will find out then. I don't want to be negative, but it will happen one day, unless of course your bladder starts catching up."

Dan nodded morosely at this. He knew she was right. He was only delaying the inevitable.

Amy saw his face fall, and gave his hand a squeeze.

"You know what I'd do Dan? It wouldn't be easy, but I'd get Ali and Matt aside, and tell them about your own bed wetting, and tell them you want to talk to Scott about it. Maybe they can break the ice first, and he wouldn't find out that Ali had told you about him. They could say you told them about yourself as a reason you didn't want to go to his slumber party. Then, when you guys are all together, you could tell them all how it's more than a bed wetting thing, and how you need protection all the time!"

"Dunno if I could tell them Ames. I still don't know them very well. I haven't ever hung around with em after school or anything. Scotts party was the first time they invited me anywhere. If I tell them, and they freak, it'll go through the school like wildfire, and all the kids there will be laughing at me, just like at my old school."

"But Danny, they might not either. I realise they've known Scott a long time, but they accepted him. He even wears nappies to bed around them! It doesn't seem like they have a problem with him! And, as I said, eventually your secret will come out. It'll only take a kid from your old school to tell someone from St Marks, and your secret will be out anyway."

She could see he was seeing the logic, but was unsure still.

"Danny my love. I can't tell you what to do. I can only tell you what I did, and it worked for me. If you do come clean, you're still gonna cop some shit. No doubt. Some kids are just assholes, and will give you a hard time. But think of it as a pre-emptive strike! You pick how they find out about it. Do they find out when they see you in wet pants, or when you tell them. It sounds to me like you've got at least 3 boys already who would stick by you, or at least not bully you. If you got them on your side first, then you could tell the rest of them. Wouldn't be easy, that's for sure. But it could be easier than them finding out the hard way."

They were now walking through the playground with the fort in it. Amy passed him the bottle.

"You know Dan, I'd be with you when you told them. That is, if you wanted me to be. If we did it together, I wouldn't care if they found out about me! I don't know em, and so many people know about my problems already, 3 more boys wouldn't matter. We could both admit to our incontinence, and with Scott already being a bed wetter, they might have some understanding that we don't like have Measles or anything, and they might accept us. They might not either. Won't know unless you try though!"

The boy sighed. "I suppose you're right. It would be better if I told them instead of wetting myself in front of them, and them then finding out that way. Plus, knowing about Scott kinda gives me an excuse to bring it up first. If I could get them onside first, it would be easier to tell other kids. It's just I miss having friends Ames. I had friends I grew up with who don't talk to me anymore after I wet myself at the beach. Guys I've known since primary school. I thought THEY were my friends, but they didn't want to be seen as being friends with a kid who wets his pants at school, and I knew them for years beforehand, and not just like a month or so!"

"But you never told them Dan. If you had told them you were having problems, they might of reacted differently and stood up for you! I don't know them, but they don't sound like good mates to me!"

"And if I did tell them, you'd come to? And like be with me? I'd like that. I wouldn't expect you to tell them about yourself, but it would be great if they saw that you accepted me, even with my problems."

"Of course I would Danny. That's what a girl does for her guy, she supports him! Like I said, it wouldn't bother me telling them about me anyway. If they didn't like me, stiff shit. Wouldn't be the first time other kids have judged me. I'm a bit more hardened to it than you, I guess."

As they walked along in silence again, by now having left the fort behind and approaching a bench, Amy said "Dan, I've got a little problem. I think I'm about to leak, and this kiddie pull up is already saturated cause you wouldn't let me change it. Let me just stand still for a moment."

Amy put one hand on the back of the bench and stood still for a moment. She took a deep breath and sort of shuddered, placing her free hand between her legs for a moment.

"Urrghh. I just dribbled Dan. And I think my pants are wet!"

Dan looked at her pink shorts.

On the inside of her right leg was a dark wet spot, the size and shape of an egg.

"C'mon Dan. We have to hurry now. I'm about to have a big accident!"

*145*2016-04-18 14:48

Chapter 58:

They hurried from the park and headed towards Amy's house. Dan carried the heaviest bag with the bottles of soda, and Amy carried the lighter one with the snacks it it. She tried to hold it in front of her pants as she walked, but still not look suspicious. She thought that she wasn't doing a very good job of it though. They were no longer holding hands, the pace was now too quick for that.

Amy was muttering loud enough for Dan too hear. "I can't believe it. I peed myself a bit first, then went to the toilet and like totally emptied myself, like when? 20 minutes ago? I know I've been drinking heaps all morning, and that getting desperate IS the idea, but really? Come on, this is ridiculous. I mean, like how much could I possibly build up in less than half an hour? This is stupid! Like this stupid kiddies Goodnight you made me wear! Fair go, it's full already. How the hell do you trust these stupid things?"

Dan laughed at her anger. "What's the matter little Amy? Need to do a big wee do you? Better not wee in those pink shorts sweetie, your little pull ups already a bit wet!"

She flashed him a dirty look, prepared to snap at him. But when she saw the humour on his face, she broke her bad mood at once and smiled with him. "Okay smart arse. I deserve it. But man I need to....gooooo," she drew the last syllable out.

Dan turned to look, and she had frozen solid, knees clamped together, while suddenly chewing on her thumb.

"Daaan, I leaked again!"

Dans first reaction was to look at her shorts. But he couldn't even see the wet spot that he knew was there while she held her thighs together, let alone any fresh ones.

But as intrigued and excited as he was with the mental image of Amy wetting her shorts, he knew he would see it eventually, and she was starting to stress about a public accident. She was clearly worried, and he didn't want her too get upset. He didn't mind teasing her for fun, but he had no desire to see her publicly embarrassed, or even worse, humiliated. He himself had suffered that and worse when he wet himself at the beach in front of his class, and he hated the idea of Amy going through it as well.

"Ames! Give me the bag and run home. You're nearly there! I'll catch up, but you go now!"

She complied without argument, thrusting the bag at him before turning and running off. Not really running he thought, more like speed walking with a hand between her legs. He still admired the view she gave from back on as she hurried away, using her free hand to dig for her keys. He saw her run up her driveway and only pause briefly to unlock the door in admirable time. He walked in the door perhaps 30 seconds behind her, apparently in the toilet already.

Dan quickly considered sneaking outside and having a quick pee in the garden, just to extend his holding time a bit, but decided against it. He'd play fair. Besides, he didn't need to go badly. At least not yet. Instead of peeing, he took another drink instead. He thought "2 teas, 2 or 3 juices, water, coke, it's not even lunchtime! Should slow down......" But he had another drink instead.

Soon after, he heard the toilet flush, and Amy appeared not long after that. She seemed to be blushing, and was obviously hiding the front of her pants as much as possible. She held a hand there, and kept her legs together.

Dan could tell by her cheeky smile that she was hiding something, and it was pretty obvious what it probably was. She hadn't made it on time. He felt his pulse racing in anticipation and swallowed softly.

Amy smiled sweetly and said "Danny, I had a little accident. I did a bit of a wee in my pants before I got to the toilet. Look!" She then put a thumb in her mouth.

She pulled her other hand back and opened her legs a bit. Dan could see a large wet spot on the inside of both her legs, ending in a straight line at the top of each, keeping a dry patch in the middle. It looked like her (his) Goodnight had leaked from both leg guards.

Dan felt himself react to the sight of her in her wet shorts. He knew his reaction was probably obvious to her again, but he couldn't help it. He felt like he may explode. The urge to at least adjust himself was huge, but he resisted. Basically he wasn't brave enough to even touch himself briefly at that moment for fear of what might happen. He swallowed again, and made an effort to keep his cool and sound casual.

"That isnt fair Ames. I thought we were going to hold on together and stuff. If we had an accident it'd be in front of each other. Now you've been a naughty girl without me," he smiled to show he wasn't serious, "and I was really looking forward to watching you pee in those shorts to! It's definitely unfair. I might not go in front of you now! See how you like it!"

She smiled sheepishly. "Sorry sweetie. But wetting myself in the middle of the public street isn't part of the deal. But don't worry about missing out. I'll change into other nice shorts that I think you'll like, when I put my swimmer on. I wasn't ever going to swim in these, but I didn't want to wear my swimming shorts to the shop. They're a bit.....kinda short and revealing. This pink ones were a temporary thing. Hey! And why complain? You're seeing them wet anyway! And I'm just going to leave them, and the wet pull up on for a little while. This is what I've been waiting for, the chance to just be wet and not care! It feels kinda embarrassing, but, what's the word? Liberating! That's it! Liberating. I can walk around in my wet pants and not give a stuff!" She paused before adding "But seriously, we need to get these pull ups off, and change into regular knickers or at the most a swim nappy. When either of us wet again, I don't want it wasted in a pull up next time."

"What do you think Dan? Undies or swimmers?"

Having snapped back from the somehow intoxicating sight of Amy's wet shorts, he was able to think clearly enough to formulate a sensible repy. "I don't mind Ames. I bought one pair of briefs to wear under these" he motioned to his footy shorts, "because boxers are too long and stick out the bottom."

Amy laughed. "It must be an Aussie thing. The short little shorts I mean. Not many Kiwis wear them like that! It's not like I'm complaining you know. Like I kinda pointed out in the kitchen before, you look good in them. Like you do now."

Dan realised then that his current level of excitement must be physically obvious again, causing him to blush, for what seemed to be the thousandth time in the past 24 hours.

"Okay. That's settled. We'll take our pull ups off, put normal undies on, and I'll change my shorts. We'll keep on drinking, and take the party outside!"

"You starting to feel the urge to pee yet, Catholic boy? I didn't empty all of it. So I've got some building up already!"

Dan admitted he was just starting to get a little urge, and agreed to get changed. He took his bag into the bathroom, while Amy went to her bedroom. He quickly removed his pull up, and inspected it thoroughly for any signs of wetness, and finding none. He folded it up, and stashed it in his bag. He found his briefs, and dressed himself again. Once more he contemplated sneaking a pee. This time in the shower. But he realised that he wouldn't be able to turn the shower on to rinse it out, or else Amy would hear it and wonder why the shower was on. He decided to just take his punishment like a man. If a mans punishment was to wet his pants in front of a pretty girl that is.

As he left the bathroom, he met Amy in the hall. She still had the midriff exposing pink t-shirt on, but she was now wearing a tiny pair of cotton shorts. Sort of halfway between loose jogging shorts or bathing suit shorts. They were high cut, pale sky blue, and had white trim on the legs and waist. She had taken her shoes off, but left her lacy white ankle socks on. Dan wondered if that was for his benefit, and wouldn't have been shocked to find out that it was.

"This is exciting Dan! I'm wearing regular panties! My pink teddy bear ones! I haven't just worn panties for sooo long! It's like being naked!" She started to calm down a bit, and motioned to the plastic bag she was holding. "Let me dump this, and empty the diaper bin too cause it's getting full with 2 of us using it, then I'll set up some music and stuff outside. Do you want to prepare the snacks and stuff? I'll do the bin and dig out my cigarettes! But remember, mummy said I've got to have a swimmer on before I go in the pool. You don't have to of course, but I'd like you to try one with me. We'll put em on later though."

They were done quickly, and made a couple of trips carrying the necessities outside. Before they went out for the last time, Amy added a request.

"Oh, and Dan, bring your pacifier..."

*146*2016-04-19 01:42

Chapter 59:

Dan couldn't keep his eyes off Amy in her little shorts. They weren't much bigger than bikini bottoms, just a bit longer and baggier. The inside legs only hung down perhaps 3 inches, and they were tight across her bottom. He knew the pale blue would show off even the slightest wetness. It didn't help his concentration at all when she pulled her t-shirt off, leaving herself wearing just a matching light blue with white piping bikini top, which accentuated her growing breasts.

Her smooth, flat stomach, evenly tanned all over, with just some small scarring visible across her abdomen, was a sight to behold. She had left her socks on though, and the combination was making Dans head spin. Amy was simply gorgeous, and the added stimulation of her little socks, added to the fact that he was going to see her wet her little blue shorts was almost too much too bear. He was seriously worried he would end up having an orgasm in his pants at the slightest touch. That would be a lot more embarrassing than just peeing in his pants.

Amy had bought a bowl of ice out, and made them a cold ice tea. She of course was aware of the effect she was having on Dan, and was quite frankly enjoying it. She'd spent so long feeling like a freak amongst her peers, and either trying to hide her accidents or her protection under dark coloured skirts or dresses, or occasionally dark baggy pants like sweats, that the opportunity to actually wear light colours and the sort of tighter, more revealing clothes like what her friends favoured, was a chance to be taken with both hands. While she was probably a hell of a lot less vain than a lot of teenage girls, it was a massive boost for her fragile ego to realise that this cute boy found her attractive. His tight shorts and current lack of padding making his attraction obvious again. She wondered absentmindedly if all boys their age spent as much time aroused as what Dan seemed to. She thought it was cute.

She was also putting together the final pieces of her plan to get revenge on him for making her pee on the kitchen floor. She thought she might have an idea.

They started drinking their tea with determination. This was the holding contest, it had started. Amy had just used the toilet so was currently empty, but seemed to be filling up fast, if her accident on the way back from the shop was any indication. She figured she would be good for perhaps half an hour or so, providing she didn't sneeze, cough, or laugh too hard.

Dan, on the other hand was a bit more worried. He hadn't peed since before they had left, almost an hour ago. He was just starting to feel a fullness developing in his bladder. He didn't actually feel like he "needed" to go yet, but he knew that he could if he tried. But he also knew that once he did start feeling a need, his time would be limited. He accepted the fact that he was going to eventually wet himself, but he really wanted Amy to lose control first. He thought that if she lost control before he did, it wouldn't matter so much when it was his turn. Also, his mind kept overloading with pent up teenage hormones. He thought Amy was just so freaking hot, he kept finding himself trying to constantly battle a series of erections, and he knew his tight shorts and lack of a pull up didn't hide it very well.

Amy produced some sunscreen, and started applying it. "Lose the shirt Danny boy! Get some sun on that body!"

"Nah. I dunno Ames. I might leave my shirt on. I kinda feel a bit, um, shy I suppose showing of my stomach. I'm a bit, ah, a lot more chubbier than you...."

"Don't be so bloody silly Dan! You've got to take it off. I won't be able to rub lotion on your back if you don't, so I couldn't let you rub mine. And I sorta want you to...."

That was all the encouragement he needed, and he removed his shirt. In reality he wasn't actually fat at all, he just had a little chubby fat roll around his tummy and hips, but he was definitely carrying more excess weight than he was used to. His lack of physical activity over the last year was just starting to show, and he knew it, and was self conscious about it. But, if Amy wanted him to go shirtless, he would.

They stood beside it other and started rubbing the sunscreen on, just doing their own bodies first. Amy was slyly looking at Dans body the whole time. She didn't understand what he was shy about. She thought he looked hot. Yes, he had a tiny tummy roll, but he was still a lot skinnier than a lot of kids these days. She didn't get to see many boys shirtless. Because of her condition, she didn't frequent the beach or other people's pools, so the male body was still a thrill for her.

She noticed he had a little bit of hair growing under his arms. Not a lot, but a small bit in each armpit. They both put a foot up on opposite sides of the same chair, and started rubbing their legs with cream. She saw his legs were nearly hairless, with just a few stragglers starting to emerge above his ankles. She couldn't help but wonder if he was growing much pubic hair yet, but obviously would never ask. His arms and upper lip were both still smooth. She figured what she had been told in sex-ed must be true. Girls did develop a bit quicker than boys. She herself had been shaving her legs and armpits for over a year, and had even trimmed her pubes once. Interesting, she thought.

"Spin around Dan. I'll do your back," she said.

Dan was wary. He strongly suspected that a tickle attack on his ribs was coming. He knew she was plotting something against him. But he still only had a mild urge to pee, and he thought he could hold on. Plus, he would have to rub her back as well, so even if she did attack him, he'd be able to seek revenge for himself then. He gave her the benefit of the doubt, and turned around.

Amy squirted lotion on his shoulders and started to rub it in. She used strong, but gentle pressure, and rubbed his whole back from neck to above his butt. She rubbed his ribs and hips smoothly, but made no effort at all to tickle or jab him. The boy felt like he was in heaven. Her gentle caress only intensifiying his desire. She finished up by wrapping her arms around him from behind, and leaning her oily front against his oily back, and placing her hands on his hairless chest, then giving him a big cuddle from behind.

It was finished all to soon, and Dan was glad she had to turn around and not face him, as his shorts were poking out noticeably at the front, and there was the smallest wet spot showing at the end of his erection.

He returned the favour in kind, rubbing the lotion all over her, then cuddling her from behind. He made sure he didn't rub his pelvic area over her buttocks though. He felt that could end badly.

They stopped and smiled at each other. Both amazed at just how comfortable they had become in each other's presence. They were both slightly flushed and breathless, and Dan was pleased to take the opportunity to sit down and cross his legs, hiding his excitement. Amy sat opposite, and again topped up their glasses. They really were hammering the drinks down, and the anticipation of what was going to happen, and who would be the first to succumb when their bladders filled was immense. Amy was banking on Dan getting desperate first. If she could outlast him for a while longer, she could put her plan into action.

*149*2016-04-19 10:08

{{

Keep em coming boss! Youve got me by the throat every time I come back and check on this story, I'm not sure why, but it just seems so rational? I wanna say? anyways, your well written story is up there with developmental biology and the decameron in my book. Well done!

}}

Thank you very much! I appreciate it.

I'm trying to write something with the facets of what we like, but trying to fit it into a viable, believable scenario at the same time. A lot of stories have great desperation and wetting descriptions, but just seem completely unbelievable. All of a sudden, for no reason, the characters start wetting their pants out of nowhere. I wanted to make my characters have a predetermined condition where it would be believable, but from there they start accepting it a bit more.

I wanted to use a younger demographic, to try and keep it more of a burgeoning love story rather than a sexual type thing, but to be honest I'm still not sure that was the right way to go.

I'm trying to explain how kids this age might feel and think when they first fall in love, but it also runs the risk of being to much mature content when I'm trying to describe their reactions to each other. At 14, you get physically attracted to people, and start to experience thoughts and feelings that are new. That's what I'm trying to bring across. But I occasionally re-read stuff and think I shouldn't be explaining how kids that age can react to adult concepts.

It's not meant to be a sexual based story, but obviously their attraction towards each other sometimes turns them down the path of experimenting with thoughts or actions that are probably outside of their normal thought patterns.

I'm sure a lot of us remember the first time as kids, that we got to hang around with other kids we felt an attraction towards. A lot of Dans thoughts and feelings are based on my experience from the same age, when I used to hang around with a girl who occasionally wet her pants.

Same as the sock thing. I have vivid memories of an early girlfriend when I was about 15 putting her cute little socked feet on my lap, and me suddenly realising that for some reason I liked it.

But I do worry about being overly descriptive when talking about minors though.

But no ones complained yet, so it must be at least okay so far.

Thanks for your valuable feedback.

Barry.

&&

