Weekend at the grandparents - Page 4

Author: TheGreatNobody

*078*2015-12-22 16:04

Especially for the 38-month anniversary of this story. Or just because that's today by coincidence. Or to give some people a pleasant surprise this holiday season. Pick one.

There was one in 2014. It would be a close call if there would be one in 2015. But, in a sentence that is recipe for disappointment in certain other situations: I made it

Yes, it truly is the case.

AN UPDATE.

I'm such a fast writer.

Chapter 6: Sunday part II

Luckily for Julie, her mom was right on top of the laundry, wanting to cause the least possible burden on Julie’s grandparents. When she entered the laundry room, she saw her nightshirt and panties hanging to dry, alongside the sheets that used to be around her bed. The shorts and panties she had wet earlier today may have been a bit little to justify a whole laundry program; that is why she added the black top she had worn when it happened, and selected the shortest program available.

She couldn’t have added some of her other laundry; for that her mom needed to find out about at least one other accident, since she would probably see. She had to wash her clothes as soon as possible; right now, she wore nothing beneath her pleated black mini-skirt, and had to get the still slightly damp red panties; they would dry quickly once on. She wore the same loose white top she did when the family arrived. She also took her also still damp night shirt with her to avoid any suspicion; her panties could not be the only thing gone. Upstairs she laid it out on her bed as well as she could, so that it would dry as much as possible. Julie was getting ready for the picnic in the woods her family wanted to go on.

When she finally came downstairs, the rest of the family was ready to go. Julie’s face went red at the mere sight of her family; she was really ashamed of her accidents by now, and didn’t dare to say a word. At the door, she got her firm black walking shoes. She tried to be as invisible as she could; she lagged behind a bit, hoping nobody would strike up a conversation with her.

Julie started to feel depressed, and just wanted to be alone, but she had to tag along, though; she wanted to maintain the image of her normal self; the less focus on her, the better. That also meant trying to behave like she normally would, not to seem abnormal. The walk towards the designated picnic site took them along the same route Julie had walked when she first wanted to clear her head from the accident in the car, and it didn’t take long before she could see the general location in the nearby cornfield where she had her second accident that weekend; that one seemed so long ago and so trivial by now, even though it had been just two days.

She tried hard not to let it get the better of her; she had to distract herself from those feelings of hopelessness. Maybe it was just a temporal setback, but she had tried so hard to finally succeed in getting rid of her frequent accidents four years ago and most of her night-time accidents two years ago, and suddenly this weekend was the worst it had ever been since she was potty trained at six. Her lifetime fear of being permanently incontinent came back, and she felt just as depressed as she used to around the time she started puberty. She wiped away one tear that almost rolled down her cheek and managed to get it together again; distraction would be key for now, and she decided to look away from the cornfield into the forest, trying to spot animals living their normal life.

The rest of the walk she managed to successfully ignore her family and vice versa. Julie hadn’t even noticed her sister. She was wearing the same clothes as the first day (her pink and white skirt with a black and white striped tight top) and had been walking with a picnic basket in one hand, and her other hand pressing into her crotch for quite some time now. Once they reached the picnic site (a small clearing in the forest), Julie’s grandparents laid down a big blanket, on which Julie’s parents and sister put down the food they had brought. Julie sat down with her legs closed to the side, and saw her sister being mindless as ever with her cross-legged position, right across of her. She could see right under her sister’s skirt, and accidentally saw what was beneath; yellowish panties that used to be white.

Julie assumed she was still wearing the same panties from earlier today. When Kathy put a hand down her crotch, pushing her skirt down, Julie realized she had been inappropriately staring, and also she noticed her sister was holding herself and her legs were trembling. The girls’ grandma poured tea in a few cups and handed them to everyone. After a few sips, Kathy suddenly jumped up, only minutes after sitting down, said “uh oh” and ran past Julie towards the trees behind her. Running, she hiked up her skirt and as soon as she passed the first tree, she squatted down, with her back towards the rest of the family, who could only see a thick stream falling from under their youngest member, along with the sound of her pee hitting the soil. Her skirt was just covering her bum from their point of view.

After little over half a minute, the stream slowed down to multiple trickles and soon only drops were falling down. As Kathy stood up, the staring Julie could just see the soaked white panties and a last trickle falling through them, followed by only drops slowly making their way down her sister’s legs as she positioned her skirt back in place. After Kathy sat back down again, this time just beside the blanket, the awkward silence was broken by her mother.

“Did you remember to pack extra panties?”

“No, I didn’t but it’ll dry” Kathy just answered.

“You have to be careful with things like this, sweetie, I don’t want you to get a UTI. If you’re not wearing a diaper I want you to bring spare panties” her mother said in a loving voice.

Kathy just shrugged and drank the rest of her tea. Julie was once again amazed by how little her little sister cared about her accidents, and she also seemed to have more of them here, just like herself. Maybe it’s something in the air, Julie thought, as she took a sip from the cup of tea her grandma just handed her.

Julie’s mother tried to get her involved in the family conversation several times, but she had no success. Julie managed to keep her reactions to one sentence or less. She wanted to be alone so badly, why did they have to do this now? They haven’t done much with everyone yet this weekend, so she could understand, but right now she did not want any of it. The only conversation she was really involved in was right at the moment everyone was going back to the house.

“Julie, are you coming too?” the grandmother asked when Julie was still standing about at the picnic-site. The rest of the family was almost at the main path, standing still and waiting for her.

“Ehmmmm, I wanna walk through the woods a bit by myself” Julie answered.

“But we were planning to play some games! You used to love that!” her mother tried.

“Well, I don’t today. I just want to be alone,” Julie answered grumpily, trying to mask the tremble in her voice.

“Okay then, you’re not going to be much of a joy this way anyway. Just don’t make it too long and be safe! Do you have your phone with you?” her mother said.

“Yes, of course!” Julie said, involuntarily snapping at her mother.

“Okay, you clearly need to walk something off. Try to be a bit nicer when you come back” her mother said, a bit annoyed.

Julie didn’t answer that, and didn’t need to because the rest had started moving. Julie started moving in the other direction. She did not dare to look back at her family, because if someone else would look around they could see the tears on her face. After five minutes of walking she felt safe and alone enough, and she sat down on the ground with her knees pulled up right in front of her. She was now further from the house of her grandparents than she had been on Friday.

She let her tears go, put her arms over her knees and laid her head on them. She sobbed for a few minutes in this position before she regained herself a bit, still feeling depressed but at least not sobbing anymore. After a few minutes of sitting there with only the occasional tear escaping her red eyes, she realized the ‘be safe’-part of what her mother said. An eighteen year old girl sitting on the ground crying alone in the woods wasn’t the safest thing, so she walked through the trees over to the cornfield she walked through two days ago so she was shielded from any onlooker. Also, she had a slight hint of a filling bladder, and in the cornfield she would have the freedom to squat down and pee whenever.

She walked further than necessary into the field. She wanted to reach the middle to be as alone as possible, and her bladder should still be able to make it that far easily, since she did not need to go that badly yet. However, the corn was so high this time of year there was no way to know how far exactly she had walked. After a few minutes, something in the atmosphere changed. There was a pleasant smell in the background coming from somewhere, and Julie started following where she thought it came from. She was on the right track; it was getting stronger. Just after she noticed the increased intensity, she could see a clearing started only a few metres away. Strange, she could definitely not have reached the other side yet.

Curiosity replacing her angst, she walked on and stepped into the clearing. What she saw there was completely unexpected; a field of maybe 20 by 20 metres completely filled with plants that reached about the height of her breasts with beautiful purple flowers, facing diagonally downwards. Around the field of flowers was a clearing of 2 metres in every direction. This seemed to be here for a reason. Somehow, she started to feel happy. She didn’t know how or why, but it was something about these flowers. Everything smelled like vanilla and cherry, maybe with a hint of cinnamon in the background. She felt like her mind was in a haze as she walked over to the nearest flower. She turned one of the downwards facing flowers towards her face and brought her face towards the flower before inhaling deeply through her nose.

This smelled awesome! She suddenly was in another world, she felt all her senses tingling and in her head she felt something she hadn’t felt before. It came close to that one time she had tried weed, but this was way better. A sort of peace came over her, as if all of her stress was alleviated at that moment and her body relaxed. It felt like her muscles did not have to work anymore, but her body became lighter. The sound of the birds and the crickets that otherwise made a constant noise was somehow cancelled out and all she could hear was her own breathing. She closed her eyes, her sight was blurred anyway, and stood there in total bliss.

She felt a peaceful warmth spreading through her body and as it reached the area between her legs, she wanted nothing else than to touch herself there. She pulled the front of her skirt up with her left hand and moved her right hand towards her crotch. Her right hand encountered a stream of liquid falling from it, but she just wanted to touch herself. Her hand continued on and started rubbing as it touched the fabric that was between her legs. It wasn’t even sexual; she just felt like she had to touch herself there, and she barely felt anything between her legs but it was still where her hand was supposed to be. Slowly the fog in her head was lifting.

She opened her eyes and saw her sight was slightly less blurred. The sound of her breathing was now joined by liquid splattering on the ground and a hissing sound. As the tingling sensation faded, she started feeling liquid running down her legs before she felt the wet fabric between her legs against her privates and her index and middle finger running over her clit. Then came the familiar feeling of an emptying bladder and only now her head was clear enough to realize what she was doing. She looked down and saw she was holding her skirt up, enough so she could see her red panties and the dark red part of it that covered about 3 quarters of the fabric that she could see. Below that, she was still stroking her clit with two fingers of a hand covered in streams of urine going down to the ground.

Behind her hand, a stream of pee was running down, connecting both her legs because her feet were still standing close to each other. Her shoes were overflowing with pee. Where she stood, the ground that had been dry for two weeks was turned from light-grey to dark grey as it finally got some moisture. She managed to stop the flow now the pressure was almost gone and it died down slowly. All the while, Julie just stood there, looking at her accident calmly. She wasn’t upset; she couldn’t even tell if she cared that she just soaked her panties, socks and shoes or not. She was just accepting it calmly. She moved her hand out of the way and watched the final spurts coming through her panties and flowing down her legs. As she stood there, with pee still constantly dripping, she could even say she was happy for the first time this weekend. Peeing herself was just the price she had to pay for the complete relaxation this flower brought her.

She walked back towards the corn, away from the wet spot on the ground, leaving a trail of drops and wet footsteps on the dry ground. She got out of her shoes and emptied them along the line where the cornfield started. She positioned them on the ground a metre further, out of the shadow of the corn. Her wet socks also left marks on the ground. She peeled them off and laid them down beside her shoes to dry. She walked towards another plant this time, put her bare feet half a metre apart, put her right hand under her skirt and on her wet panties. Her left hand turned the flower towards her face and she smelled it again. Bliss came over her again. Her body was light again. She stood there, rubbing her wet panties again, with her eyes closed. Only later she would find out about the trickle falling down from those wet panties as her bladder relaxed and released the final bit of urine that had stayed in there after she stopped the flow.

*080*2015-12-23 12:27

So, apparently I'm making up for the lack of updates now. I write best when I've got way more pressing things to do. I've managed to give important plot information in the most boring but also realistic way I could think of, and worked hard for it :).

Chapter 7: Sunday part III

Julie sat on the dry ground. She had been here for over two hours now, and she was feeling just great. Her shoes were still soaked, but her socks and panties were drying quickly. After the second time she had smelled one of the flowers, she noticed a small wet patch on the ground between her feet, while she did not even have to go at that point. Obviously, since she went in her panties just before that. But the new warmth she felt in the crotch of her panties had confirmed what happened, so she quickly learned to lay her panties to dry instead of keeping them on if she was planning on having another sniff. By now she had learned that if there was enough in her bladder to get something out while sniffing these flowers, it would come out. No use in stopping the flow if possible, with the next sniff the pee she held back would just come out. Only if her bladder was empty or nearly empty, she would make it through the experience dry, she learned from testing.

But she didn’t mind; the whole experience after sniffing a flower from nearby and even being in the presence of this wonderful scent in the background was worth it. She sat there, in the sun, showing she was going commando to only the flowers in front of her and admiring the several wet patches on the ground, some almost dry, some still clearly marked. She just hoped her shoes would dry before the sun disappeared behind the trees, but she didn’t worry too much. If someone would find out, she could just say she had an accident. This weekend had been full of them anyways. It had been half an hour since her last sniff, but she felt like she was at the height of her feelings; she did not need another one. She let her upper body fall backwards and blissfully looked at the sky, appreciating the birds that flew over. She put an arm under her head and was overcome with relaxation. Quickly, she dozed off.

Julie woke up, feeling completely refreshed. She pushed herself up with her arms towards a sitting position. As her legs moved over the fabric of her skirt, she felt it was wet. Inspecting the damage, she found that since her skirt had ridden up a bit while sleeping, only the lower part of the back had absorbed liquid, just a little over the size of a baseball. The rest had run into the cracks of the dried out earth beneath her bum. She reckoned the whiff of the plants must’ve affected her in her sleep too. No biggie. She touched the hem of her skirt and found it felt like it was fresh. Her panties and socks seemed to be dry, but when she felt the thick material inside her shoes, it became clear they weren’t going to be dry anytime soon; pressing it still made liquid seep out and wet her hand. At least she was going to wait to go back until her skirt was dry again, but she would have to carry her shoes. She sat down beside the wet patch she had made on the ground and looked around.

She could not locate any of her other wet patches; the only proof of her previous accidents were the shoes. Her panties also showed a line on both sides where the urine had ended after that first accident, but when she puts them back on again it’s nobody’s business to see what is between her legs. She wasn’t going to put them back on soon, though. She scooted over to the flowers and pulled up her skirt so that it wasn’t covering any of her ass anymore, and bended a stem so the flower moved right into her face. She sat there, eyes closed, on the ground, naked from the hip down with a smile on her face.

Before long, pee poured out of her down into the ground and slightly spreading around her, wetting her legs and butt. A hand moved down towards her privates again. She rubbed and rubbed, and kept on rubbing as she slowly regained her sober mind shortly before climaxing. She let herself be heard; nobody was around anyway. This plant also seemed to make her horny. When she was done, she repositioned herself on a dry piece of ground and re-examined the state of her skirt; still soaking wet of course.

She checked the time on the phone that just fit into one of the two small pockets in the front of her skirt. Wow, 6 ‘o clock already. Dinner would probably be ready in an hour, as always at her grandparents. She would have to leave soon. She started rubbing the back of her skirt to speed up the drying process. As she remembered how much this plant had changed her mood, she started to wonder about the plant; what is the name, why does the smell affect me so much, why is there a field of them within her grandparents’ cornfield? She decided to activate the data connection on her phone. She ignored the countless messages that came in and went straight to a search engine, typing the characteristics she could think of:

‘purple flower yellow happy tripping pee yourself’

The first result was the Wikipedia page, but the second result piqued her interest:

Meconopisis minginvitus (purple poppy) – Index of psychedelic plants

%https://www.psychoactivity.org/minginvitus

Meconopisis minginvitus is a species of poppy known as purple poppy. The… …due to its psychoactive traits… …numerous yellow stamens… …resulting in the voiding of the bladder…

Missing: happy

She clicked the link and started reading.

###

Meconopsis minginvitus

Meconopisis minginvitus is a species of poppy known as purple poppy. The plant is native to the Himalayan region, but has since its discovery been successfully cultivated in a variety of environments after its popularization and subsequent mystification in Western Europe and North America at the end of the 19th century, mainly due to its psychoactive traits. The plant is also associated with mental healing and alleviation of stress, but scientific consensus is lacking.

The purple poppy is easily recognizable. The flower consists of bright purple petals, numerous yellow stamens and a pistil consisting of a red style and blue stigma. The flower hangs downwards from the top of the stem. When flowering, the purple poppy can reach heights of 120 centimetres. The leaves are long, sit directly on the stem, alternately attached, and are directed upwards. The plant bears flowers for about two months a year, normally in May and June.

History of cultivation

The plant was first described by Royle in 1834. Back then it only grew in the scarcely populated Phobjikha valley of Bhutan and was believed to possess some form of divinity by the local population. It was their belief that the plant was restricted to the valley and it was against their customs to remove a specimen or its seeds out of the valley. This was respected by Royle, but the manuscript he wrote while residing in and observing the culture of the valley attracted travellers from Europe who often did not. Soon the plant appeared in gardens of the nobility and became a symbol of status and its use was reserved for special occasions.

Contrary to expectations, the plant was found to be well-adapted to a wide range of conditions and spread rapidly in the last decade of the 19th century. It lost its status as a symbol of wealth and was now also used by the working class. Because of this, combined with some of the adverse effects described below, most of the nobility had stopped using the plant around the turn of the century, and governments started banning cultivation, sometimes cracking down hard on its use as a psychoactive drug, making it disappear from public life in less than ten years.

The plant had a brief second popularity surge in both Western Europe and North America during the late sixties and early seventies and became known under the abbreviation p-p. Some of the old myths about spiritual healing surrounding the plant resurfaced in the hippie culture, and many started cultivating the plant again. Despite still being banned, little action was undertaken to stop this trend at the time and due to unwillingness to crack down again, cultivation and use was tolerated and in many cases the ban was lifted. Halfway through the seventies, however, the plant had become stigmatized because of its users and side effects, and after the decline of hippie culture it went back into obscurity. Since then, scientific research has cleared up some of the mysteries surrounding the plant, while others have prevailed without explanation or confirmation.

The plant is relatively unknown nowadays, but it is cultivated in low quantities in many different places around the world. Because of the timing and the location of the flower’s popularity as well as the timing of the bans, the theory about it playing a large part in establishing peace in Europe is prominent under advocates of the plant. This theory, however, is just based on a correlation instead of actual research. Sceptics of this theory like to point out that though peace was established within Europe during the period in which the plant was mostly cultivated, European nations still fought numerous wars in other continents against other nations, and there is no reason to believe the leaders of nations were affected by the plant.

Human applications and effects Stem

The stem contains an oily substance that has been associated with spiritual and physical healing. Legend says that when applied directly to the skin, it can speed up the healing process and prevent infections. Research has shown the oil has a weak anti-bacterial effect which explains the prevention of infections, though modern anti-bacterial substances are more effective. Speeding up of the healing process apart from this has not been clinically shown.

A completely unconfirmed myth is the spiritual healing power the oil is claimed to have when consumed orally. Because of this myth, it has been used as cooking oil during the periods in which the plant’s popularity surged. Though it is impossible to prove or disprove the claim of spiritual healing, research into the oil has shown it to have no side effects.

Flower

From the petals, pistil and stamens a strong aroma arises commonly described to be in between the smell of vanilla and cherry. Inhaling the smell of the flower induces a temporary increase in serotonin production and a psychoactive response, normally gone within a few minutes. Inhaling smoke from burning dried parts of the flower causes the effects to stay for longer at a slightly lower intensity and slowly wear off over two to three hours. During this time, the nervous system is affected and a tingling sensation all over the body is reported by users, as well as a slight relaxation of the muscles. Though in general these effects are not severe, they can be locally. In females, some muscles in the lower abdomen relax more than others, and some nerves around that region can stop receiving signals altogether, not uncommonly resulting in the voiding of the bladder.

Because not a single chemical has been found responsible, a yet unknown combination of chemicals exuded by the flower is thought to be the cause of these effects. For the disparity in male and female reaction, several yet unconfirmed hypotheses exist; it could be caused by a combination between the chemicals coming from the flower and locally produced protein coded for by a gene located on the X-chromosome that needs to be homozygous to work or is prevented from working by a gene located on the Y-chromosome. The effect of the chemicals could also be prevented by such a locally produced protein coded for by a gene on the Y-chromosome, if the chemicals exuded by the plant have such a strong difference in local effects of themselves.

Leaves

The leaves also have a slightly weaker and slightly different aroma, described as a combination between vanilla and cinnamon. This smell is largely ineffective. Eating the leaves, however, promotes serotonin production and the same tingling sensation and relaxation of the muscles as the smell of the flower but for a longer period, including the same male/female disparity. Because many like the taste, leaves are often dried and cut up to use as herbs for cooking or making tea, which is found to mitigate the effects on the nerves, muscles and serotonin levels, but does not completely eradicate them. The taste can be described as a sweeter version of cinnamon.

Root

In contrast to the stem, flower and leaves, the root was not used by the original population of the Phobjikha valley since it was their belief the plant got its divine powers via the root in the soil. Europeans later found that the root contains the strongest psychoactive substances; eating 8-10 grams of purple poppy-root is believed to have similar effects as 3-4 grams of Psilocybe cubensis (a psychedelic mushroom). This does however diminish female bladder control for the entirety of the psychedelic experience.

Long-term effects

No possibility for physical addiction has been shown yet, but mental addiction can become a problem when using an application of the flower or root more than once per week. Females should take extra care due to the disparity in effects on the nerves and muscles. After using the root, flower or fresh leaves, a refractory period of two weeks is recommended to prevent deteriorating bladder capacity and control over time. Though no effect is permanent, urinary incontinence caused by the purple poppy can be severe and depending on the severity, body specifics and age of the user it can take up to a year to recover. In case of the use of dried leaves, a maximum of two instances of no more than 5 grams per week is recommended. More instances or higher doses have been associated with prolonged urinary incontinence.

###

Julie’s mind was dazzled. She did recognize the effects of smelling the flower clearly, but there was so much more to it. She wanted to try out more of this plant, but this was the first time she has ever seen it. It would likely be months before she would return here, and by then the flowers would not be there anymore. They were leaving tomorrow; she had to find a way to get some of these flowers, leaves and roots with her to dry them at home. She had no means to take anything with her now, so she had to return here with some storage space. Moreover, dinner would start in half an hour now, and she figured she was at least a 15-minute walk away.

The last words rung in her mind though; the plant she was now so excited about could cause her lifetime fear to become reality. She had to take care. Julie got up, put her phone away in her skirt-pocket and stuffed her dry but urine-stained socks in the other one. She slid her now slightly stiff panties back on and carried her shoes. The hem of her skirt was still damp, but since it was black it was barely visible. As she was about to step out of the clearing and into the cornfield again, she couldn’t resist. She slid her panties off again, walked over to the nearest plant, parted her legs in advance and sniffed. Only moments later the ground beneath her darkened again, but Julie was in nirvana again.

“Okay, that was the last time for this week, even if I manage to take some home” Julie thought as she was now definitively walking towards the house through the cornfield. She had to prevent this from resulting in incontinence. She looked forward to smoking it, since that seemed to give the same but prolonged effect without having to use more. She also was looking forward to exploring the roots. “No, wait, I have to stop thinking about it constantly!” she thought when she noticed her trail of thoughts going again. She was distracted by the ringing of her phone. It was her mother of course, overly worried as always.

“Hi mom!” she answered the phone happily.

“Oh thank goodness! I was getting worried. I was hoping you’d call sometime. Where are you? Dinner’s almost ready and you have been away all of the afternoon!” her mom said, somewhat rattling.

“Haha, relax Mom, I’m okay. I just needed some alone time. I’m already on my way, I’ll be there in a few minutes” Julie said.

“Wow, you sound much happier than you did before honey! Did you do a spirit walk or something?”

“Something like that. See you soon!”

Julie reached the house indeed just a few minutes later and figured out that the field of purple poppy wasn’t far from where she had wet herself on Friday. To her luck, she found nobody at the front of the house; she didn’t have to explain why she was barefooted and carrying her walking shoes. She just put them against the heater in the hall and quickly went upstairs, avoiding the family she could hear talking in the kitchen and living room, careful not to make a sound. She traded the dirty socks for a pair of clean ones, putting the stained ones in with her stash of hidden clothes from the weekend. She felt her skirt again, and rubbed it some more to make it just a little bit drier before going down to face her family. Content with the result, she went down into the hall and walked back over to the door she left intentionally open before, and slammed it shut. She went through the door into the kitchen and was just in time as dinner was just being served.

“See, nothing to worry about, I’m always amply on time” Julie joked at her mother, who just laughed at it.

During dinner, Julie noticed the familiar taste of her grandmother’s cooking. Suddenly she realised; it tasted a bit like cinnamon, and if she really tried hard she could notice a hint of vanilla in the background. And as she sat there she had a stunning realization; she was cooking with dried leaves from the purple poppy! She started counting back to find out how old they would’ve been in the late sixties; if she was not mistaken, her grandfather must’ve turned 19 and her grandmother 18 in 1965! These are perfect ages to have been part of the hippie movement that started in the years after that. It all made sense, apart from the fact that she could never see her grandparents as hippies. They seem way too normal for that, but she had to find out.

At the end of dinner, the dishes were moved to the counter for later care. First they would drink some tea in the living room, as was often the case here. As Julie took the first sip from the still hot tea, she noticed the same taste of cinnamon and vanilla. The latter one came out better in the tea, she thought. It reminded her of a question she had wanted to ask, trying to keep her investigation as innocent as possible.

“Grandma, I was wondering, could you show me pictures from when you were my age? I want to know how you looked back then” Julie said.

“Well, I don’t know, I would have to dig it up,” answered her grandmother.

“Pleeeaaase?” Julie said, in her sweetest voice possible. She knew she couldn’t resist that.

“Oh alright, I’ll try to find some photo albums.”

After everyone had finished their tea, Julie’s grandma went to the attic and when she returned, only Julie was left sitting in the living room. Her parents said they already knew most of those pictures from that period grandma told all her life stories multiple times and went outside together with grandpa to enjoy the evening sun. Kathy just wanted to play on her Gameboy, and her parents convinced her to at least sit outside with them when she did.

Grandma started browsing through one of the photo albums, telling all kinds of stories typical of the early and mid-sixties. The album was labelled ’1962-1967’, and Julie regretted not asking for how her grandma had looked when she was a few years older. Still, she could enjoy seeing some of the similarities between them, her mother and herself. She had almost the same expressions as Julie in staged pictures. There wasn’t anything else than staged pictures though, so it became dull rather quickly. She had to continue to pretend to be interested though, if she was to find out more.

After half an hour, they had finally finished the photo album.

“Can we look at the album from 1968 and on? I want to see how I’m going to look!” Julie said, trying to be as legitimately interested as she could.

“Are you sure I won’t bore you too much?”

“No, you won’t! I want to see!”

Of course her grandmother conceded, and soon they were browsing through a photo album called ’1968-1972’. With every picture, she looked happier and hippier; with another turned page, flowers started to appear in her hair and her dresses now also featured flowers; she sure looked like she was a hippy. When Julie commented on this, her grandma just had a mysterious grin on her face that said ‘you don’t know anything about me’.

Somewhere in the part that said ‘1969’, a picture particularly struck Julie; they were still black and white, but in a picture where she was wearing a presumably white, or maybe beige, dress with flowers, sported a wide smile and wore a crown of plants, it sure looked like the now 22 year old woman was holding a poppy. The colour was of course unclear.

Grandma turned that page quicker than others, but Julie was already intrigued. She didn’t say anything though.

They browsed through the pictures of her grandma in a typical Volkswagen bus, and her lying in a grass field and kissing a typical hippy guy that had already been in several pictures. He had straight long hair and he turned out to be her grandfather. She couldn’t fathom this guy was the same person as the one now sitting outside the window, and grandma smiled as she saw her daughter looking confused as she compared the two.

After they were done with the album, Grandma was going to do the dishes. Julie volunteered to bring the pictures back up to the attic (“so you don’t have to get up all those stairs”) and promised her to help her out with the dishes afterwards.

There was one thing Julie just had to check when she was up in the attic; she saw at least one picture hidden behind the picture with the poppy. As she browsed to the page in question, she saw there where definitely more than one. Interested, she got the whole bunch of them out. The first one she knew already, of her grandmother at 22 standing alone in a green field with the flower in her hand, but in the second one her suspicions got confirmed even more; she held the flower directly against her face and her eyes were closed. The next one, she had lowered her left arm in which she held the flower and she had an even bigger smile than usual on her face. Turning another picture, it looked like liquid was falling under her dress.

The next picture was even more explicit, with her right hand now resting on her dress between her legs and a dark visible on the front of her dress around that hand. The next one, she had her eyes open again and the spot on her dress had increased in a downward direction, and if she concentrated she could see the grass around her bare feet had numerous drops on it. Looking back at the first picture, it was dry. Julie couldn’t believe this; she had kept pictures of wetting herself while getting high on a purple poppy? As she turned another picture, she got slightly uncomfortable as she saw the girl happily posing for the camera in her wet dress, and the next one made her even more uncomfortable, as she had hiked up her dress and showed her panties underneath, that were obviously wet between her legs. There were still two pictures to go but she quickly put them back. Blood had rushed to her face as she was kind of ashamed of what she had just seen her grandmother doing in her youth.

After she saw the red in her face had disappeared enough through the mirror in the upstairs bathroom, Julie went downstairs to fulfil her promise of helping out with the dishes.

“Oh, you’re back? Thank you for getting them back upstairs, those stairs into the attic are getting more dangerous as I get older,” her grandmother said. Next to her, several dishes were ready to dry off and put back into their place. Julie started doing this, but soon realized she didn’t know where half of the clean dishes should go, so they switched tasks.

“You’re being so helpful today! I wish you were like this all weekend. To be honest, you weren’t nice company until earlier today” her grandma said.

“Yeah, I guess I just needed to be alone for a while,” Julie said, bending the truth a bit.

“Well I’m glad you – oooh, honey…” Grandma changed tones dramatically as she turned around from putting some plates back into the closet. “You should’ve said something if you had to go that bad!”

Julie was confused, but not for long. She felt her feet get wet, and with a shriek she stepped back from the hot water she had been keeping her hands in, and let the frying pan she was washing fall in it, while some of the dirty water in the pan splashed onto her white shirt. Looking down, she saw urine running down her legs again.

“I… I… I did dn’t f-feel anything, I didn’t feel it coming, it just happened!” she said, as pee was pouring out of her. She stood there, flustered by what just happened. Now she could feel her bladder emptying, her stream hitting her panties and warming her crotch, but before she had just been peeing herself without even feeling it. Her stream died down soon, and she knew from the modest size of the puddle on the ground that her bladder couldn’t have been full. Even more so, she would’ve felt something if that were the case. She stood there with her right hand in front of her mouth. She didn’t know what to say. She probably had too much of the purple poppy.

“If it makes you feel better, I’ve had a few of those when I was young too,” her grandmother said.

“Yeah, I know that,” Julie thought. “Really?” she said. “Yeah, really,” her grandmother answered.

“Please don’t tell my parents! They’re already annoyed with the other accidents I had,” Julie pleaded.

“Don’t worry, accidents happen, let’s clean up quickly if you want to keep this one a secret,” her grandmother said. She quickly got a mop to clean up the puddle Julie left

“Wow, she was really cool about it,” Julie thought, as she peeled of a wet pair of socks once again and put them in the bag. When she lowered her panties and stepped out of it, she could see the stain of earlier accidents expanded further than the wet spot she had just made. She added it to the bag of dirty clothes. She put the shirt that had gotten dirty with dishwater on the ground and walked towards the bathroom wearing only a black bra and her black skirt. She got out of them and took a long shower, the first one since she had peed herself several times today, but she still felt happy. That plant was amazing.

*086*2015-12-28 23:29

{{:

I'm also amazed that you got through writer's block or whatever it was that prevented you from updating for all this time. I'd assumed this story was dead. Good work.

}}

Time, motivation, burn-out, stuff like that. Don't expect weekly updates now, next one may take a while again, depending on how things go. Probably a way shorter while than the previous break, though :)

*089*2016-04-05 20:50

Look, this gap was months instead of years. Way better. I didn't even need to re-read everything before starting.

Chapter eight: Sunday part IV – Excitement in the night

Still only wearing her black skirt and bra, Julie stepped down the steps of the stairs carefully, trying to avoid the squeakiest ones. She managed to get downstairs unseen and peeked through the glass of the front door. Right away she saw her sister sitting closest to the door, playing on her Gameboy, and moving her head around she learned her father was reading a book, her mother doing a crossword puzzle, her grandmother was knitting and her grandfather was just sitting there sipping his tea looking satisfied. Good. Everyone was there, sitting in the last bit of evening sun. Nobody was inside to discover the barely clothed girl.

She suddenly heard her mother’s voice from behind the door, filled with shock. “Kathy! You’re peeing again! Haven’t I told you to go as soon as you felt something?”

Julie, who had just begun to walk away from the door, turned around to look at the only person she could see from this angle. Her sister was sitting with her back against one armrest of the white plastic chair she was sitting on and her legs over the other. Julie could just see Kathy’s jeans through the holes in the back of the chair and the facts that her light-blue jeans were dark blue around her butt and liquid was falling from the chair confirmed what her mother just said.

“I kno-how, I just want to finish this level,” Kathy said, whiningly.

“No, you stop it right now and go inside to clean up!” her mother said, as she walked into Julie’s line of sight near Kathy. This was Julie’s sign to go, and she could only make out a high-pitched ‘moooh-oom’ coming from the top of her sister’s lungs as she ran towards the laundry room. Once inside, she picked out her black top and pulled it over her head in a panic, which is why she needed three times. At least now it looked like she was dressed normally. Just as she noticed her yellow panties hanging from a line, she heard voices coming near.

“…not gonna wash your clothes again if you don’t even try to make it, you do it yourself this time”

Julie quickly got her panties from the line and hid next to the door, so she was shielded from view for anyone going in. As she saw her sister walking by, she put her finger to her mouth in anticipation. The butt of her sister’s jeans was drenched almost up to the hem and halfway down her thighs and back of her upper legs, with a drop here and there on lower parts of her legs, falling down from the lower parts of her butt. As other footsteps neared her heart rate increased in frequency and severity, so much that she could feel it banging in her head.

Kathy turned around and had a surprised look on her face as she made eye contact with her Julie, who stood there hiding against the wall, signing her to be quiet about it with panties hanging from the hand she was signing with. Julie tried to breathe quietly, which is hard when your heart is going crazy, so she barely breathed at all as she could see her mom standing at the other side of the door. She really didn’t have an adequate explanation to be there, except for the truth. She didn’t know if her face was getting redder or whiter, but something was happening. Kathy luckily averted her gaze to the door opening as her mother’s sternest voice spoke again.

“Do a quick wash so you can get it out of there in thirty minutes,” she said, “And use enough detergent, filling half of the lid should be enough to get the smell out if you’re just washing your pants and panties.”

Then she turned around and walked away. Julie dared to breathe a little again, but then her sister called out. “Wait! Which one is the right detergent?”

Julie shushed her as loud as she dared, while she heard her mother sigh and turn around. Kathy seemed to pick up on it. “Never mind! I see it already!” she called out. As the sound of the footsteps got softer and softer, Julie noticed she was holding her breath again and finally exhaled and inhaled fully a few times, as Kathy peeled her soaked pants off. Julie stepped into her dry yellow panties and hoisted them up as Kathy let her drenched darker-than-usual green panties fall to the ground and stepped out of them. The now fully clothed Julie explained to her half-clothed sister which detergent to take and where to put it. When they were done and Kathy went upstairs, Julie hid out in the laundry room for a few extra minutes. Now that the danger was gone, she actually got quite a thrill out of the whole situation. When she walked out with a big white plastic bag she found in there, a smile formed on her face as she realized she got away with hiding an accident again.

Claiming to be tired and faking a few yawns, Julie went to bed early, before Kathy. In fact she was not close to being tired, but she had a well-devised plan and tonight was the only night she could execute it. She took a detour to get her shoes. As she walked into her room, the first thing she noticed was the diaper lying on her bed. Julie’s face reddened as she remembered the talk from that morning, which seemed like days ago now. She put her nightshirt, diaper and shoes under her bed next to the bag containing all her clean and dirty clothes and the plastic bag she had found before, and got in bed with all of her normal clothes on.

Then she realized she’d better be safe than sorry if she accidentally fell asleep while waiting, and got out of her panties. Putting the diaper on herself was hard, and she had to take her skirt off too, but after a few minutes of fumbling and sitting, standing and lying down she had the feeling she managed. She tucked herself in so that it wouldn’t be noticeable she was still wearing her normal top and bra. Now she just had to wait for a while.

Julie had no trouble staying awake in anticipation, and when Kathy came in almost an hour later she pretended to be asleep, waiting until she was sure Kathy was. By now it was dark outside, which was also a prerequisite. Through the cracks between her eyelids she saw her sister was way better at diapering herself than she was, taking only a minute or so and immediately lying down, but then again she already wore one yesterday. About 15 minutes later, she heard the familiar way Kathy breathed while asleep, and decided it was time. She got out of her diaper again, put on the panties and skirt and took the plastic bag with her, with shoes and socks inside. You make less noise when barefooted. She checked her phone; eleven o’clock.

The living room and all the other sleeping rooms were at the other side of the house, and since she wasn’t sure about the rest of the family being asleep or not; it wasn’t that late yet. The safest thing to do was to climb out of the window and walk over the garage and slide down from it onto the two garbage containers standing against it, from which it would only be 1 meter 20 to the ground. In the bedroom window Kathy had laid her washed pants to dry, however, making it harder. She didn’t want to change its position and make her absence more noticeable. As she lowered herself from the window, she made one small misstep and made more sound than ideal as she came crashing down on the rocks on top of the garage. She stayed still for a while to listen if there was someone coming towards the sound, but when she heard nothing for a few minutes she carefully walked over to the edge of the garage and slid herself down as planned.

As her feet reached one of the garbage containers, though, it almost fell over immediately and she could just stop it, but not without it banging against the wall of the garage a few times. Why did it have to be empty? Adjusting her position to deal with unstable containers, she slid down further and when she found her balance she jumped down from them at once, scared they might fall down if she slid down. They made some more empty container-sounds, and Julie waited for a few more minutes to listen if someone reacted, but all she could hear were some crickets in the distance. This was one of the nicest parts of the farm; it could get so quiet here, in the city the noise never stops. When she decided the coast was clear, she put on her socks and shoes, walked around the area she knew activated the lights around the garage and she was off to the corn field.

It was hard to find the field purple poppies again. When she had been walking around for about 15 minutes, she started to feel lost. Had she chosen the right path, she would’ve been there by now, but in the dark she had no orientation points, and the occasional scare she got from animals walking through the field didn’t help. She hadn’t thought enough about this part of the plan. She had all night if she needed it, but she would prefer to get some sleep before morning.

A light breeze came to her rescue. Just after it started Julie caught a hint of vanilla. Instinctively she took a breath as deep as she could, and caught the cherry smell again. She felt her mind being elevated a little. As she relaxed, it took a few seconds for her to notice the liquid flowing through her panties and down her legs into her socks and shoes, but she managed to stop the flow. She felt the area of her bladder and it was almost completely flat, so she must be pretty close to be peeing, she reckoned. When she pulled up her skirt to inspect the damage, she realized another flaw in her plan; she shouldn’t have worn her last pair of clean panties. Oh well, she’ll deal with that when she gets back, the crotch is already soaked anyway.

She just needed to prevent more from flowing into her shoes. She would definitely have to wear those tomorrow. She squatted down to pee so her shoes would stay dry, but she couldn’t restart it that easily. So she had to split her focus; she kept on smelling the air and determining the direction of the breeze to eventually find the field of purple poppies, while focussing on keeping her pee inside in case she would get overwhelmed again. After a few minutes she started smelling the cinnamon and soon she found the clearing. She recognized the form of the field and determined that she came in from the east while the farm should be west from here. She had travelled around the field.

She squatted at the nearest plant and tried to pull it out of the ground complete with root, keeping her head down to avoid the flower, but it was harder than expected. She took a breath and started pulling on the stem near to the ground with both hands with a little more focus. It moved a bit, but then it broke off with just a little bit of root. She would have to dig up the rest. But she didn’t bring a scoop. Maybe this plan wasn’t so well-devised after all. Her hands would have to get dirty.

After she dug the dirt away around the thickest part of the root and pulled it out, an acceptable amount of root got out easily. She put it in the bag together with the rest of the plant and got to the second one. She started by digging some dirt away this time, and places one hand on the start of the root and one hand at the lowest part of the stem and pulled diagonally, not too hard to break it, but just hard enough to get it out slowly. This brought the flower close to her face, however, and just as the plant started moving out, Julie noticed the hissing sound and the warming of her panties.

She could just move her feet a little bit wider before relaxing and letting it completely overtake her. When she came by, she was sitting where she had just squatted with the second plant including its roots lying beside her. As she stood up to put it in the plastic bag, she felt a lot of drops of liquid running down her legs, and she felt it to confirm her suspicions; she had completely drenched the back of her skirt. She was dripping all over the ground and lots were ending up on her socks and shoes. Before they got too wet, she unbuttoned her skirt, opened the zipper and slid it down. She wrung it out and laid it out on a dry piece of ground, to make it dry as fast as possible. She did the same with her panties and went on to remove three other plants, sniffing all their flowers in the process, not entirely on purpose, but she didn’t try to prevent it. Some pee dripped out after the last one, but there wasn’t much left in her bladder.

After she put all plants in the plastic bag, broken in half to make them fit, Julie checked her phone; it was only 12 o’clock, and her skirt was still soaked. So she spent some time playing games on her phone, occasionally wringing out her skirt and panties as much as possible before heading back, walking around to keep herself warm. Even though it was a warm night late in spring, being naked from the waist down wasn’t ideal. When finally the longing for a warm bed became stronger than the will to arrive there with relatively dry clothes, it was an hour later. When she slid on her panties they were still a little damp and cold, and her skirt still felt really wet and was still visibly darker in the back despite being black, but it was better than nothing. At least her shoes were dry again.

From here, Julie knew the general direction she had to follow from the poppies and was quite sure she’d end up at the house. After a few minutes of walking back, her panties started to get less cold and it stopped distracting her. Now she could feel just how tired she was. With her mind completely at ease and her sleep deprivation catching up with her, she felt like it was hard to stay awake even while walking. But she had to get back and she managed to.

Back at the garage she got out of her shoes, put her socks in them and climbed on top of the containers successfully, threw her shoes and the bag with plants on the roof of it and reached for it with her hands. Just as she started to try and hoist herself up she accidentally kicked over the left container. All she could do to prevent herself from crashing down was to hold on tight to the garage with all the power her exhausted body still had in it. The container made hollow sounds as it fell down, activating the light sensor. Her bladder gave away again, and her almost dry panties got a new load of pee immediately soaking it. It flowed down her legs and streams were falling down from both her feet. Due to the activated light she could see the result of her voiding bladder splattering down and wetting the tiles below her, and she knew her hands weren’t going to hold it for long either. She stepped on the other container, directing the destination of her pee from the ground to its lid.

With it a much louder sound came, and she quickly jumped down as it showed no signs of stopping. She didn’t realize her bladder could’ve been so full again. “Well, better now than in bed,” she thought as the last of it flowed over her feet, adding to the puddle. She put the fallen container back in its place and wiped away most of the pee from the other one before she tried again. This time she moved very slowly, careful to not make the same mistake with the added difficulty of one extremely slippery container. As she hoisted herself up slowly, she felt her arms acidify but she kept going. As soon as she was high enough to swoop her right leg over the edge, she did so and rolled onto her back. She had to rest for a while before attempting to hoist herself into the window, even though that one was easier.

After a few minutes, she felt ready. She got up and looked over at the window. Her heart sunk. Someone closed it! Her heart rate went up into panicking velocity. She had to get down again and hope to find another entrance. But way more important to Julie at that moment: someone had been in the room since she left! Someone knew she was missing!

At least this time, she knew how to deal with the empty containers. Successfully on the ground, she was careful not to activate the lights again as she started towards the back of the house. She inspected the three possible entrances once there; the garage door back there was open, but the door from the garage into the kitchen was not. The regular backdoor was locked too, and she could get the sliding door open.

Everything was locked. Her only chance was the front door, but they’d never leave it open, so she inspected if there were open windows she could reach; her parents’ room was the only one with an open window, but she would have to climb nearly impossible parts of the house for someone with climbing experience. She was not someone with climbing experience. Tears started to well up in her eyes; she fucked it up. They would find her outside in the morning, and she would have to explain it all. All the purple poppies in the world couldn’t make her okay with that prospect. As the first tear rolled down her right cheek, she opened the front door.

Wait, she opened the front door? It was open! She could get inside! She wiped away the tears that had already formed in her eyes and slowly closed the door, trying hard to not make a sound. She put her shoes with the rest of the shoes where they belonged, and tiptoed upstairs, trying to keep the plastic bag as quiet as possible. Finally in the bedroom, she leaned against the bedroom door feeling safe again, and finally feeling free to breathe in the air she needed she was panting heavily. She slowly calmed down, with her breaths getting longer slowly. With the danger gone for now, she felt her face redden and a smile formed on her face. She didn’t know what kind of clothes she was going to wear tomorrow, but that was a care for later. Right now it was time to sleep and stop this crazy adventure.

When she finally caught her breath, she looked to her right. Her breath stopped again; on her bed were her nightshirt and a diaper laid out, the ones she had put under her bed before. She got on her knees quickly and looked under the bed; her bag was gone! Panic was setting in again, who knew she was gone this night? Who had taken her bag and had probably found the pocket that reeked of pee, with all her dirty clothes in it? And where are they now?

After another few minutes of panic and increased heart rate, she finally settled on being too tired to think about it anyways. She got out of the clothes she was wearing and put them under her bed next to the plants, and started fumbling with the diaper again. This time she only took a few minutes. She pulled her sleeping shirt over her head and the blanket over her body. She didn’t have to think about anything anymore for now, and her panic turned to calm, and her calm turned into a thrill of excitement as she thought about all the things she has done today, with all the close calls she's had. With the panic subsided, she was actually longing for the morning and to find out what happened with her bag and the clothes it contained.

*097*2017-06-20 13:56

{{On 2017-2-18 at 8:40 AM, Plug said:

Any chance this story will be updated in 2017?

}}

There's a pretty good chance of that. Of course, I only say that now that I've actually written it

{{On 2017-4-10 at 7:42 PM, drummerdevil said:

Doubtful

}}

Doubt no more!

I've written the two final chapters (originally one split up in two because it became a bit long). I'm thinking about making more stories based on this, but with a bit more freedom in writing... Restriction to just one weekend in one location wasn't good for productivity.

I'll post the first chapter now, and the second one probably somewhere later this week, maybe giving myself a chance to rewrite some parts because it IS the end after all, and I have the feeling the quality was a bit less in that part and looking at it with fresh eyes usually gives me better ideas. Speaking about rewriting, I've mentioned it before but I've edited a lot of details in previous chapters while writing, things not edited in this thread. I think I want to post the new versions sometime, because now there are several inconsistencies and I'd like to get them out. But I'm not sure how and where I'm gonna do that.

*098*2017-06-20 13:57

Chapter nine: Monday part I - Gifts and revelations

Bright beams of sunlight were finding their way past the edges of the curtains onto Julie’s bed and slowly made their way down onto her closed eyes. She woke up to the reddish light reaching her pupils through her eyelids. She could just muster enough energy to change the side she lay on to her left. Now facing the wall and not the disruptive sunlight, her mind steadily joined her body in awakening and she remembered she was wearing a diaper by the thickness between her legs.

Soon she felt awake enough to get her phone from the nightstand and check the time; 7:30, she couldn’t have slept for more than six hours. Yet she felt like she slept for nine, her normal amount. When she changed position again and sat up in her bed, she could swear her diaper wasn’t that thick between her legs yesterday. She pulled the sheets over her head, loosened the diaper and looked at the inside of the crotch to confirm her suspicions; it had a faint yellow glow to it and was a little bit thicker than the rest of the diaper. She had only leaked a bit, or diapers worked way better than she imagined.

Julie threw the sheets off from her and sat down next to the bed on her knees, leaving the diaper behind and wearing nothing but her nightshirt. She looked under the bed. The clothes she wore last night were still there, but the plastic bag was gone and was replaced by her own bag that was missing last night. She looked over at Kathy; she still seemed to be fast asleep. Confident she wasn’t spied on, she opened the main part of her bag. On top she saw the white dress she wore Friday after she wet herself in the car. She got it out of the bag to inspect the lower part of the front where she had left the proof of her second accident of this weekend; completely white except for the red and blue flower that were meant to be there. She dug further and saw the same thing; all of the clothes she had hidden were clean and dry. Underneath them was the white plastic bag.

She got it out and looked inside; it was filled with layers of old newspapers with parts of the now flat flowers sticking out. She opened some of the layers to find there were also leaves and stems in there. She suddenly felt an immense pressure on her urethral sphincter, so she quickly dropped the bag and dug both her hands into her bare crotch. She put all her effort in controlling her bladder, shifting her legs and pushing hard against the opening of her urethra, but she was started leaking anyway.

As spurt after spurt made her hands wet and slippery and drops were falling to the carpet beneath her, she saw her only solution still lay in her bed. Her right hand, depositing drops of urine everywhere it went, reached for the diaper. She lost all control the moment she grabbed it, and pee started spraying over her left hand and both her legs before she could get the diaper in place. She had to align her upper legs with her body and widen their stance to put the diaper between her legs on the ground. She released her left hand from her crotch.

The hissing sound increased and was joined by a loud splattering could of her urine hitting the diaper for a second before she violently pushed the diaper against her womanhood with both hands. Now finally able to relax, she sat down on the hem of the diaper and tried to make sure it caught all or most of it. She felt it warming and expanding all around her crotch and bum, even towards the front when she pushed the crotch harder against her private area. She had definitely just leaked a bit in her sleep. After her stream died down, Julie stood up and moved her now completely soaked diaper out of the way to check the damage she had done; she had left only a few damp spots and a lot of individual drops around the area where she sat, next to her bag. She looked down at her body, naked from the waist down, with a few drops still making their way down to her feet. She used a blanket to wipe herself clean; it was probably going to be washed anyway.

Dry again, she put the plastic bag back in the main bag. As she lifted her clothes to put it back underneath them, she noticed there was a book at the bottom, a bottle with cleaned roots in them submerged in some kind of fluid, a bottle with some other fluid without roots and small package she didn’t recognize. It was white with purple flowers and birds on it. She got them both out, and felt a little embarrassed when she turned the package around and it read ‘drynites’. She always thought they were just for little children, but this package said ‘8-15 years’. Still, she thought it was a little insulting; that’s still at least 3 years younger than she was! She quickly put the package back because she didn’t want to be seen with it, and examined the book. On the front, there was a picture of a huge field of purple poppies. The title read:

THE POWER OF THE PURPLE POPPY

ON THE MANY PRACTICAL APPLICATIONS, RISKS AND BENEFITS OF MECONOPSIS MINGINVITUS

Suddenly, Julie heard the creaking of a bed in another room and hurried footsteps, possibly from the hall too. She quickly put it the book back and grabbed the white dress and blue panties she had worn when she first wet herself in the cornfield. She pulled her nightshirt off and went to take a shower before someone saw her. She didn’t smell it at the moment, but she was pretty sure she reeked of pee. She carefully timed the moment she snuck out the bedroom door and into the bathroom when she was sure there was nobody in the hall and quickly closed the door and turned on the faucet. Just ten seconds later, the door handle turned fruitlessly and she heard her mother complain. “Damn it, someone’s already there.”

Julie took a quick shower, and when she turned it off she heard the voices of her mother and grandmother arguing faintly in the background. She grabbed a towel and started absentmindedly drying herself tactically close to the door, so she could just make out what they were saying.

Mom: “…every single time we’re here! Julie finally managed to be completely dry for two years before this weekend!”

Grandma: “Oh, come on now, she peed all over the car before you even arrived here, are you going to blame me for that too?”

Mom: “That’s not the point! Accidents happen, but she wet herself two more times AND she started wetting her bed again. Do you have any idea how that must feel for her?”

Grandma: “She probably doesn’t like it, but there’s nothing I can do about it.”

Mom: “Oh, and the girls wetting their beds every night for over a week every time we’ve been here is just a coincidence? Now you even made me do it again!”

Grandma: “Well, you’ve never been that good at keeping your bed dry either, you are blaming me because you’re still a bedwetter. You’re 40! You can’t just keep on blaming others for your problems!”

Mom: “What? You know that stopped only two months after I moved out! It only ever happened again sometimes when I stayed here!”

Grandma: “Yeah, you’ve always said that, but honestly that’s a little hard to believe for me. You’d always have at least one accident here, except for that one time you only stayed one night. I’m happy I kept on putting protectors around yours too no matter what you said.”

Mom: “THAT’S WHAT I’M SAYING! It always happened here, and I just know it’s something you’re doing! Maybe you put something in the water here or something. But just realize that I’m the one who has to change the girls’ beds every day!”

Grandma: “I don’t get you. You don’t want to use diapers but you’re always complaining about having to wash a few sheets.”

Mom: “I am NOT going to give them the same treatment you did to me! I won’t force them into diapers in my own home and that’s MY choice!”

Grandma: “I never forced you, you were always free to not use them and clean your mess up yourself.”

Mom: “Yeah, it was so mature of you to say that to an eight year old kid after you’ve made sure all her classmates knew she had to wear diapers at night.”

Grandma: “Why is this always such a big deal for you? Kids wet their bed. I bet several of your classmates were also bedwetters. I never blamed you for your accidents, even when you were awake and could easily reach the bathroom!”

Mom: “Of course lots of other kids also wet their beds, but their mothers didn’t tell the teacher they’re in diapers where everyone could hear it! I was the one who was teased for it and that was YOUR fault no matter what you say!”

Grandma: “Kids say all kinds of mean stuff to each other, are you still hung up on that? Besides, they probably teased you more because you used to pee yourself at school too. It’s not my fault kids make such a big deal about other kids having a little accident.”

Mom: “I’m going to take a shower NOW and then we are leaving! I’m not putting up with you anymore!”

At that, Julie realized she had not been drying herself. She quickly brushed a towel over all of her body, put on her panties and dress and folded another towel around her hair. She had never heard her mother like this and didn’t want to be in the way. Heavy doorsteps went up the stairs and approached the shower. The door handle moved down, again to no avail. This was followed by a barrage of curses Julie had never from her mouth before as she walked away from the door. Julie quickly opened the door and tried to sneak back into the bedroom

“JULIE!”

She froze, and a short but forceful spurt of pee warmed the crotch of her panties. She felt a few drops on her legs while turning around cautiously.

“Put on a bra!”

All Julie could do was stammer something that resembled an affirmative answer while she felt a little more urine escaping and some drops rolling down both her legs. Her mother didn’t seem to listen at all, and after two seconds she turned and strode into the bathroom. Julie’s eyes locked on the huge wet patch on the back of her mother’s nightdress. She had never seen or heard of her mother even having an accident in her whole life. She was stunned.

A good part of her life it had been her and her little sister having bladder troubles and her mother had always been there to help them and console them when they were upset about it. Never had the possibility of her wetting her bed – just like her children – even crossed Julie’s mind. Let alone the things she just heard from both her mother and grandmother and the whole dynamic. Everything was new to her. She suddenly felt really small and uncomfortable and went back into the bedroom. When she opened the door, she heard a gasp followed by a thud.

“Ouch!” Kathy complained. As she walked through the door, Julie saw her sister sitting there, only wearing a shirt that was just long enough to cast some shadow over her private parts. There was a soggy, rolled up diaper in her left hand and her right was caressing her lower back.

“You shouldn’t be standing directly behind doors, it’s dangerous” Julie said.

“Well, I’m fine. Thanks for asking!” Kathy returned, sarcastically. Julie just didn’t respond. She didn’t want to deal with her right now. She was overwhelmed by the new info on her mom’s youth, and slightly concerned that she had wet her panties less than two minutes after she put them on. Luckily, Kathy stood up and walked out of the bedroom, so she could be alone. As soon as her sister closed the door, she hiked up her dress to check the damage on her panties.

As suspected, the crotch was soaked again. How could she have to go enough to wet herself maybe 20 minutes after she peed? She reckoned not all of it had come out yet. She wanted to pee just to be sure, but she didn’t want to go downstairs at the moment, and the upstairs bathroom was occupied by her mother. Her only option was still lying on the floor beside her bed. She just had to hope it could contain a little bit more. She patted down the diaper to find the driest part, which was the front, parted her legs and pushed it against the crotch of her panties. They were wet anyway.

After only a few seconds of relaxing, she felt a full-force stream warming her panties once again and immediately spreading out to the front and back via the fabric of the slightly expanding diaper, but after what couldn’t have been much more than 5 seconds it died down as quickly as it came. She got scared; had she lost all bladder control? If there was just this little in her, how could it just randomly come out of her as it did just now? She decided that, for the drive back, she should wear one of the drynites just to be sure she didn’t pee in a car seat for the third time this weekend.

She got the pack from her bag, and pulled one out. She lowered her soaked panties to the floor and pulled up the pull-up. To her surprise they fit her perfectly, and under her dress it wasn’t noticeable at all! She opened the side pockets to find a place to put her panties, and to her shock she found the perfect location; with her clothes from tonight! She had completely forgotten about those, and they were just sitting there in a plastic bag, still stinking of pee. She balled her panties up, put it in with them and quickly closed the zipper.

Julie still didn’t feel comfortable going downstairs; it was as if she could still feel the negative energy of the argument coming from there. So when she put the pack of drynites back and saw the book again, she decided to pick it up and see what it’s about. She did have a few questions about the state of her bag and everything in it, but she thought there was no way to find out at this moment. She was wrong. Immediately when she opened the book a large, folded piece of paper fell out. There was handwriting all over it. She unfolded it and started reading.

Dear Julie,

I noticed that you went poppy plucking this night. You know you aren’t allowed in the cornfield, and even though we told you differently the secret field you found has always been why. Even though the government has long stopped focusing on these plants, you have to realize that they are officially illegal to own. Please don’t just tell anyone about them. If you want to enjoy them with a few friends, tell them to keep it a secret and never tell where you got them. You are always free to come back here and get some more if you run out.

If you want to enjoy them more than a week after plucking them, you have to desiccate them. I’ve started the process for you already, but you should get or make a plant press to really store them. I’ve given you a bottle of glycerin that you’re going to need for that. Instructions on this are in this book, as well as a great description of all the ways in which you can use them. Smelling them won’t work anymore, but I personally prefer smoking it or eating the root anyways. Smelling is more intense, but it fades too fast for me. The roots are in another bottle on some alcohol to stop them from growing moldy. If you get them out and dry them, you can safely eat them.

I’m sure you found out that it makes you feel much better, not only during the high but also in the long term. The more you take it, the better you feel mentally. But don’t overdo it! From the amount of dirty clothes I found I figured you already know this, but the poppies make it very hard to keep your clothes dry. This can also happen when you’re not under the influence, especially when you’re sleeping. That is why I’ve put in some drynites for you. They’re not the best at absorbing a full bladder, but they are discreet and should hold most of it. I figured you should still fit the teen size.

Most people really like to be in control of their bladder, so be sure to mention it to anyone you’re sharing it with! If you take too much in a short time it may take weeks before you get your bladder under control again, and you can start to lose your grip on reality. When you use a little bit for cooking or to make tea a few times a week it’s pretty safe, but if you use more than that you should wear protection at night. There are very clear guidelines in the book about recommended doses. Please follow them!

The most important thing I have to tell you is DO NOT TELL YOUR PARENTS. Kathy is okay. She found out years ago. I’m sorry but I didn’t have time to wash and dry your clothes from last night, they’re in one of the side-pockets.

Take care!

Love,

Grandma

