Unusual Punishments

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-08-06 06:19

First thing, I hate abuse. I hate the whole idea of spanking and so on, however some reason when it comes to emotional abuse and humiliation I'm fine. So some reason when I was skipping through channels and a law and order or something had a mom who would make her daughter pee herself when she wet the bed I was intrigued (Not so much when she beat the girl to death though:/) So with that, enjoy.

Adrianna Suville smiled softly in her sleep as her dream-self once again visited her favorite place: the pool. She propelled her through the warm water with her looooong, muscular legs. However the image began to fade as she gained consciousness. Her eyes fluttered open, the smile still on her face. She stared out across her room for a few more moments before her eyes went wide. She withdrew her left hand from beneath her right shoulder and slowly lowered it to her crotch.

However before she even got to her lower abdomen, the warm, wet fabric of her sheets proved to her previous suspicions correct. She had, in fact, wet the bed. Fourteen years old and she still wet the bed more than a six year old. She groaned, her beautiful face falling into a sincere pout. She slid out of her queen sized bed, her bare feet meeting the cold hardwood floor, much faster than she would have hoped. She cringed as she sat atop her bed, before standing up, a few cooling drops of urine falling to the ground below.

The gorgeous brunette girl was near to tears, her curvy body dressed in only soaking pink cotton boy shorts,her chest bare and still moist from lying in the puddle of urine. She grabbed her hot pink, furry robe and covered her body as she nervously made her way to her mother. She was terrified of what she knew was coming, though she knew it would be impossible to get away with her accident. Slowly she approached her mother's bedroom, lightly knocking on the door.

"What is it?" Her mother called back, her voice indifferent.

"I... I" She bit her lower lip for a moment. "I wet the bed." She called out. Silence greeted her. "Mom?"

The door opened revealing a young looking mother. Curvy like her daughter, though with more voluptuous curves, long black hair and currently, a glare that could kill. "Of course. My genius daughter, the softball star, can't contain her bladder. You know the routine." She said with pure rage in her voice. Adrianna nodded her head and first deposited her underwear in the hamper, before using a towel to dry her body. Next she grabbed out three plastic bottles of water and retreated to her bedroom. She pulled out a set of clothing, black form-fitting t-shirt over a black bra, black panties and then hot pink skinny jeans. Then came the bad part.

"I'm ready mom!" She called, her voice saddened. Rather than answering, her mother simply locked her daughter's door from the outside. with the door locked Adrianna began to gulp down her bottles of water to fill her bladder. She forced them down within the span of half an hour, and from then on sat on the dry end of her bed as she waited for the water to kick in. An hour passed and she felt the water begin to take effect. A dull ache stung her lower abdomen as she crossed her legs and began to squirm in her spot. The urge slowly grew worse from though, a slight burning sensation manifested in her urethra. She began to stand up, pacing back and forth through her room.

She squirmed as she made awkward steps back and forth in front of her bed, her hands slipping into her crotch. Her mom had no rules for what she was too do while she held her bladder, just that she couldn't relieve herself lest she wet her pants, so she flicked on the tv as she felt a sharper pain emit from her bladder. She moved faster, with thighs pressed together and her back hunched over. Both hands were pressed against her crotch as she watched the show on her television. Her pace grew slow as she was forced to make more awkward steps as she crossed her legs as another hour passed.

She managed to get the urge to subside ever so slightly as she uncrossed her legs, she however kept her legs pressed as tightly together as she could. She doubled over and pressed her hands against the lap of her pants as she rapidly bent and unbent her knees. A spurt dampened her panties, she immediately froze. Another spurt and a half-dollar sized wet spot formed around her crotch. She began pacing again, her knees pressed against each other and her legs apart as she shuffled in a small circle. She felt a wave of desperation wash over her, she doubled over so far she had to keep her hands on the dresser to keep from falling over as the stain expanded to the size of a coaster. She managed to straighten her back slightly with both hands gripping her dresser so tightly her knuckles were white. She began kicking her legs backwards on after the other as she tried as hard as she could, hoping her mother would change her mind.

After so many times of the same result what would be the chances? She didn't care, she hated the feeling of peeing herself. She began to awkwardly run from wall to wall with short strides and both hands against her crotch as she felt the pent up pee begin to dribble out. A long leak began to darken the fabric as it snaked its way down the back of her right thigh. She stiffened up, standing completely straight, her body rigged and her legs pressed so tightly together it hurt. Sweat began to form on her brow as more pee slowly leaked out. Golden rivulets of hot pee slowly soaked her butt, before cascading down the back of her legs, no faster than the flow or honey.

The fabric darkened and glistened as it clung even more to her skin as the stain reached the back of her knees. A loud hiss was heard as pee forcefully sprayed from her urethra against the fabric of her skinny jeans. In that moment her bladder gave out, regardless of what Adrianna wanted. The flow or urine picked up as hot pee raced down her legs, falling to the floor in streams, turning her jeans a darker shade of pink. A puddle began to pool beneath her bare feet, spreading quickly to the size of a throw pillow. She no longer had the strength to even try to stem the floor and relented, the flow sped up even further. Urine rolled down her legs, adding to the puddle, increasing its size vastly as the front of her pants began to darken as well, rivulets of urine ran across the top of her feet and added ripples to the puddle as it expanded. Finally the flow ended entirely.

Adrianna felt utterly disgusting as the warm urine dripped from her jeans. There was nothing sexy about peeing one's self. ( ;) Wouldn't you agree ) She felt putrid as she collapsed into the fetal position in her own puddle of pee as she began to add tears to the puddle. She was mildly thankful however, at least it was a Saturday an not a school day. She couldn't fathom the embarrassment of someone seeing her wet herself. The exact reason she had never hosted, or attended a slumber party.

I personally find a lot of things sexy about wetting your pants:) Well I hope you enjoyed this short story, please leave feedback, I'll love you forever.

*002*2012-08-06 22:37

{{: 

That was interesting, different then your usual stuff. Personally I don't mind spanking so much as long as it's written in a "sexy" manner, emotional humilation is a bit of a turn-off for me though.

}}

Glad you at least gave it a chance:) It felt good to take a short break from my usual stuff.

*004*2012-08-06 23:49

{{: 

I kinda want to see more of this.

}}

I've been thinking of continuing it, if I have the free time anyway.

*007*2012-08-07 20:21

{{: 

Well that's kinda cruel. Poor thing. :(

}}

I thought the same thing when I heard how the girl was punished on the show... I hope this story wasn't... in poor taste or too cruel for any of the readers.

*010*2012-08-13 20:46

{{: 

I'm liking the way you write! Very enjoyable!

}}

{{: 

Please continue this story but have her wet on a school day.

}}

Thanks you both:) I'm considering doing the school day idea actually:)

*012*2012-08-13 21:20

{{: 

I really enjoyed this one especially the part where the hissing can be heard! You portray desperation and the loss of control really good.

}}

Once again, thank you very much:)

*014*2012-08-13 21:25

{{: 

I'm gonna be bothering you for a little while reading your posts, so if I become bothersome you don't need to respond to my comments lol

}}

No, it's not a bother at all. I love to get comments on my work :D

*016*2012-08-14 19:45

{{: 

I really liked this story. It was new, never seen much like it. I also think the school day thing would be great. Please, continue this story! :D

}}

As soon as I finish up my summer line up I'll start working on a continuation to this.

*021*2012-09-30 19:33

{{: 

I love it! Her description is frighteningly similar to a girl i went to high school with.

}}

How oddO.O

*024*2012-10-03 02:50

{{: 

It was bad for her and great for us! Maybe somehow have the tables turned on the mother eventually and the daughter shuts her in a room someplace...

}}

{{: 

Rather good! Though it would be nice to see the mother's involvement more you know. It's like....yeah she locks her in, but like...there's no other real interaction.

}}

I had actually intended to have the daughter turn the tables on her mother but I just scrapped the idea. I have another idea where her mother makes he wet herself at one of her softball games if anyone is interested in it.

