Summer with Snape - Page 9

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*200*2012-02-16 03:22

{{: 

I loved the chapter! But i seriously think u should keep it a snape one,i love the story so far with snape in it ,just my opinion

}}

Not to worry, this will stay a Snape one..I just needed to have him at Hogwarts for a bit.

{{: 

Yay! An update! Don't be too worried about the speed.. I'd rather get to read the story with snails pace updates than nothing at all. And this is faster than snails pace so you're good XD

*goes back and reads the new chapter*

EDIT: Yet another awesome chapter!

}}

Lol thanks so much, I'm glad you liked it.

*201*2012-02-19 00:31

This will still be a Snape and Harry story, I only had him at Hogwarts because it fit into the story at the time. Just wanted to clarify that lol.. I probably wont update anymore this weel, my midterms start monday and I wont have alot of time as it is..Sorry.

Chapter 34

Harry woke up the next morning with the goodnight soaked, and he groaned but what could he do? At least his bed was dry right? He headed to the bathroom to change and get cleaned up before going back to get dressed. When he finally entered the kitchen he wasn’t surprised in the least to see Snape already there with breakfast on the table. Saying a greeting he sat down to the table and dug in hungrily.

“What am I gonna be doing for the week?” Harry asked, he didn’t really think his game boy could hold his attention for that long. If anything he really wanted to go back to the Manor, there were a lot of fun things to do there.

“After you have tea with Lupin, I was thinking you could spend your days with the Weasleys. I know for a fact that I won’t have much time for you, and I don’t want you to spend all your time alone,” Severus said gently.

Harry smiled at that, knowing that the translation was that Snape didn’t trust him not to get into any trouble since he wouldn’t be watching him. He actually liked that idea a lot, now that Ron and him were mates again, he liked being over there, almost as much as he liked being with Snape.

“I like that idea,” Harry said smiling shyly as he finished breakfast.

“I figured you would,” Severus said as he banished the dishes away.

“So I’m going to the Weasleys today?” Harry asked wanting to make sure.

“Not today but tomorrow, I forgot that you need to have your eyes checked,” Severus explained.

“Why do I need that?” Harry asked confused.

“Well, when was the last time you got them checked?” Severus asked.

“I don’t know,” Harry said shrugging.

“What do you mean, when did you get your glasses?” Severus asked dread making its way into his stomach.

“When I was 8, the nurse told Aunt Petunia I needed them. She came home one day with these and I’ve worned them ever since,” Harry explained not knowing there was a different way.

“And you could see out of them?” Severus asked horrified at the thought.

“Well not at first, but if I squinted I could. And I just got used to them,” he responded not knowing anything was wrong.

“I see, after lunch we will be heading to the optometrist in Hogsmead,” Severus said quietly.

“Ok,” Harry replied finishing up his breakfast.

Harry walked back into his room to put his shoes on wanting to get this whole tea thing out of the way, he didn’t even wanna go. But he liked the stories that the man told him, he never thought that if he had bothered to tell the man that he had to go he would have been allowed to leave. He was still getting used to his needs not being denied, and apparently learning that not everyone paid close attention to details like Snape did. At about 11am he told Snape were he was going and he headed to Professor Lupin’s quarters. He sighed before reluctantly knocking on the door; he so didn’t wanna be here.

“Come in Harry,” Remus said invitingly as he opened the door.

Harry nodded and sat down in the same chair as he did last time, he was highly uncomfortable and extremely embarrassed.

Remus could tell the child across from him was ready to bolt as soon as he gave the word. He sighed softly wanting to make Harry feel much more at ease then he was at the moment.

“Harry I want you to know that I am deeply sorry about what happened last time. I guess I was so caught up in my questions I didn’t stop to think on why you wanted to leave so badly.” Remus said gently.

“That’s ok,” Harry murmured knowing he should have just let the man know.

“It’s not and I can assure you it will never happen again, I will never deliberately let a child have an accident, so you don’t have to worry about that ever happening in my class,” Remus explained.

Harry nodded and even smiled a bit as he heard that, he was happy to hear that.

“Can you tell me more stories today?” He asked softly, he almost wasn’t sure the man had heard him.

“Of course,” Remus said moving to sit on the couch and gesturing for Harry to come closer.

Harry looked hesitantly at the man on the couch before walking timidly towards him and sitting next to him. As the stories progressed he found himself actually leaning on the man, and soon was lulled to sleep by the man’s voice.

Remus looked down at the child next to him, and gently brushed his raven locks away from his face. They were quite a bit late for lunch and he knew without a doubt Severus would be worried even if he tried to deny it. Gently lifting the child up in his arms, they headed to the great hall.

Just like he said he could see the relief flash through the Slytherin’s stoic eyes before his face was once again a blank mask.

“Sorry we’re late, we got caught up in stories,” he explained softly, before handing his bundle off to Severus so he could sit down and eat his lunch.

Severus nodded but didn’t answer; he was currently trying to choose what to do. Let Harry sleep or wake him up for lunch, he just decided on letting him sleep, he could always eat later. Putting a napkin on the floor he transfigured it to a small cot before laying the sleeping child on it and covering him with a blanket before turning back to his food.

He ignored the stares that were coming his way in favor of trying to finish his conversation with Albus and Minerva, who now had these silly grins on their faces of all things.

“What?” He asked irritably.

“Nothing Severus, you just are really gentle with Harry, more than I thought you would be. I do wonder why that is,” Minerva said smiling widely at him.

Severus didn’t answer he just scowled at his food, leave it to Minerva to try to ruin his reputation, it was a good thing that the children weren’t back here yet. At the moment he was still trying to figure out what the hell he was gonna do about Harry. He knew without a doubt that ignoring him or treating him mean again, wasn’t happening. First off he would never categorize himself with the Durselys ever again, not to mention why in the hell would he treat his new son that way?

Since he had still had a few more weeks to think on it he let it go, since at the moment Albus was talking about how they were gonna protect the school from Black. His hand automatically moved to brush away Harry’s locks, at just the thought of the man getting into Hogwarts. He would do everything in his power to make sure that Harry was safe. Harry rolled over in his sleep and even though he was still asleep he didn’t wanna risk it, especially since Harry did have the canny ability for finding out and snooping around things that were none of his business.

“Minerva will fill me on any plans, I don’t wanna risk the chance of Harry hearing this,” Severus said going to pick Harry up and banish the cot away.

“Severus you have to tell him,” Albus said quietly.

“And I will, just not now. He deserves to spend the rest of his summer without fear,” Severus said quietly as he looked down at the sleeping child in his arms.

“I understand completely m’boy,” Albus replied.

Severus nodded before walking out the great hall and to their quarters.

*204*2012-02-19 07:53

{{: 

I spent the last couple hours reading this and I'm glad I did, I honestly hate male omorashi, but I love this story, its nice to see a different side of snape:)

}}

Because its more then male omo in the story...at least thats what everyone keeps saying lol Anyways I'm glad you like it, and that you reviewed.

{{: 

UPdates Galore! I'm glad I came back to see how the story was going!

}}

I wondered what happened to you..glad you came back too lol

*207*2012-02-22 00:59

My study partner inisted on taking a break, and I got a chance to update this week. I loved this chapter, seriously I hadnt realized how much I neglected the omo in here. I swear the story has a mind of its own sometimes. Anyways heres the update, I hope you guys like it and all, I did.

Chapter 35

Severus was nearly at their quarters when Harry started moving quite a lot in his arms. He had spent almost the entire summer with the child and he knew without a doubt when he heard the whimper what was going on.

“Harry it’s only a nightmare, wake up for me child,” he soothed as he opened the entrance to their rooms.

“Wha,” Harry mumbled as tried to bury his face in Snape’s robes.

“Wake up for me child, it was a nightmare.” Severus repeated softly.

Harry nodded trying to erase the images from his mind, he hated that dream. Coming into the magical world only proved to him that the boogey man did exist; only he was much, more evil.

“M’hungry,” Harry murmured softly.

“I would assume so, you slept through lunch,” Severus replied setting him down on a chair in the kitchen before ordering him some food.

“Why didn’t you wake me?” Harry asked blinking the sleep away as he took a gulp of his pumpkin juice.

“Because you needed the nap, otherwise you wouldn’t have fallen asleep,” Severus replied before walking towards his room.

“Are you working in your lab today?” Harry asked as he took a bite of his sandwich.

“Not at the moment, we will be going into Hogsmead remember? As soon as you get done with lunch,” Severus said making sure he had the money.

“Oh yea, I’m getting new glasses,” Harry said smiling before shoving the rest of the sandwich in his mouth.

“Harry, don’t stuff, you’ll choke,” Severus admonished before shaking his head.

Severus shook his head, before banishing the mess away from the table and turning to Harry.

“Did you want to apparate to Hogsmead, floo, or walk?” He asked giving the boy the choice.

“Can we walk?” Harry asked wanting to spend as much time with Snape as possible.

“Yea we can, let’s go,” Severus said making his way for the door.

As Harry stood up he felt a nudge in his bladder but he knew that they weren’t gonna be in Hogsmead that long so he ignored it. It also helped that he was super excited about getting his new glasses that the thought was pushed even further to the back of his mind.

“Can we go to Honeydukes after?” Harry asked slipping his hand in Snape’s as they exited the castle.

“That depends if you behave yourself today,” he replied following the trail to the small town.

Harry nodded, they were only gonna go to the optometrist, what else could go wrong? The walk seemed to pass by pretty quick to him, which was probably true considering Snape took a bunch of shortcuts, and soon they were in Hogsmead. Harry’s eyes widened as he took in various stores before they stopped in front of a place. The front store window had floating eyeballs behind glasses frames. He shrugged before Snape opened the door for him to go in first.

As they entered the store, Harry stayed pressed to Snape’s side, he didn’t feel very comfortable. He nearly jumped out of his skin, when a woman appeared behind them, though Snape didn’t appear to be fazed.

Severus rolled his eyes, at the Madame’s dramatic entrance; she did it whenever he walked into the store. He was used to it, but Harry wasn’t, because he about jumped a foot in fright.

Harry wondered around the store as Snape talked to the weird lady, looking at their various frames. He found some that he liked, his favorite was this pair that changed colors depending on his mood.

“Harry come over here, so she can run a scan of your eyes,” Severus said gesturing to the boy to come back to him.

“Is it gonna hurt?” He asked eyes wide, heart already pounding in his ears as he came to stand behind Snape.

“I promise you, its painless child,” Severus said reaching for his hand to pull him forward.

Harry grabbed the hand and squeezed it tight, before allowing himself to move from the safety of Snape. Once in front opened his eyes, trying to brace himself, for the pain that Snape lied about right? He unconsciously crossed his legs as his fright seemed to make him go more, although maybe he just underestimated how bad he might’ve had to go.

Severus’s eye’s narrowed at the cross legs but chose not to say anything at that point in time.

He felt a slight tingling in his eyes before he knew it he was done; and he blinked away the tears that had sprung up for holding them open to long. He watched her curiously as she went to the back of the room.

“What’s she gonna do now?” He asked curiously.

“She going to fix you a pair of temporary glasses, then she’ll give them to you to wear so they can automatically adjust to your correct sight. After they do that, she will then have you pick out a frame and give you what the muggles call, the correct prescription.”

“Oh,” Harry replied smiling, he would finally be able to see. He bounced on his feet as he waited; he was tired of standing up.

“Do you need to use the loo Harry?” Severus asked casually.

“Nope, I’m fine,” Harry replied before he went back to looking at the frames.

Severus watched Harry with a hidden smile as the boy’s eyes were wide and open as he tried to take in everything at once. He couldn’t blame him either; he had no doubt that Harry was seeing some things for the very first time. 20 minutes later they were finally leaving the optometrist office, and Severus was heading to the robe shop to pick up his order. Making sure Harry was in his sights they entered the shop, where he headed to the counter leaving the child in a chair by the door.

Harry jiggled in the chair, now he was really feeling the effects of that juice and having not gone since the morning before his nap. He squirmed in the chair as he waited for Snape to hurry up. He stood up when the pressure in his stomach became too intense, for him to sit down. It seemed like his belt buckle was digging into his stomach, and he longed to take it off.

“Can I take my belt off?” Harry asked when Snape checked on him again.

“What for Harry?” Severus asked as he raised an eye up in confusion.

“It’s kind of hurting my stomach,” Harry replied wincing from the belt buckle digging into his bladder.

“Just loosen it for now, without the belt you know your trousers would fall straight off,” Severus replied.

Harry nodded before turning around to ‘fix’ his belt. He took that time to hold himself slightly where he was able to get a few well deserved minutes of relief. After loosening the belt he tried to patiently wait for Snape to finish. He looked towards Snape again, before glancing out the window towards Honeydukes. He sighed knowing that if he told Snape he needed the loo, they would leave Hogsmead and he wouldn’t even get a chance to visit the sweets shop.

He didn’t want that so he tried to keep his squirming and fidgeting to a minimum. Finally they left the robe shop and headed across the street to Honeydukes. Snape let him go look at the sweets and Harry’s was in the process of putting some in a treat bag before a wave of desperation suddenly hit him. He spurted once before he tapered off the flow with his hand, where he dropped his bag immediately, sweets long forgotten. Getting his bladder under control he stiffly headed over to Snape, fists clenched as he tried to keep from grabbing himself.

“I have to use the loo right now,” he said softly, trying not to march in place, when he walked up to Snape.

Severus narrowed his eyes, trying to see how desperate Harry really was. The child’s fists were tightly clenched and he had no doubt that had they been anywhere else, Harry would be holding himself quite tightly.

“How long do you think you can hold it?” He asked putting the lemon drops he was getting for Albus back on the shelf.

“I don’t know, but I gotta go now,” Harry repeated desperately, resisting the urge to squirm around like he really wanted to. They were too close to Hogwarts and he didn’t want the clerk to see him and maybe say something to someone else. He would be teased, and ridiculed for not being able to hold it.

“Let’s go then,” Severus said grabbing Harry’s hand and walking out the shop.

Harry nodded before walking stiffly next to the man as they headed back to Hogwarts.

“I’m gonna apparate us to the boundary line Harry, brace yourself,” Severus said gently grabbing Harry and disappearing with a silent pop.

Harry gasped when they appeared at the boundary line, before grabbing his crotch tightly. Tears sprung in his eyes as he tried to hold it all in, the travel having almost knocked it out of him. He gritted his teeth before looking up at Severus with pure agony on his face, trying not to cry.

“You know better than to wait until the last minute Harry,” Severus said gently, though sternly as he tried to see which ones was a further distance away from them; the castle or the trees.

Harry whimpered but didn’t say anything, knowing the man was right.

“Let’s hurry to the castle Harry,” Severus said a bit annoyed, and he was already walking towards it.

Harry moaned but followed Snape as quick as he could, which wasn’t all that fast. The apparition just made it so much worse, and he sniffled softly, trying not to cry. What seemed like hours, but was only a few minutes he made it into the entrance of the Castle. He could see a bathroom across the hall from them near the great hall, and just seeing it seemed to make him have to go a lot more. He shook his head, was that even possible? He was inching his way across the hall, trying to convince his body that he could do it, when he suddenly froze. He shook his head in denial as he felt his abused bladder start to contract and he gasped loudly, startling Snape enough to turn around.

Severus sighed softly when he turned around, knowing that there was nothing he could do for the child; for Harry had waited much too late to tell him. He shook his head wondering why Harry didn’t let him know sooner before he leaned against the wall, looking away to give Harry some privacy.

“I…I…oh…,” Harry whimpered out, as he squeezed himself tight.

His eyes were closed as he struggled against the flood in his bladder that was starting to release itself without his knowledge. Harry cried out suddenly when he felt himself involuntarily let go, and he shook his head hard as he held himself even tighter, as he jumped up and down in place to gain control.

“Harry child, just let it go. You’re hurting yourself,” Severus stated softly, when he realized that the child was of course fighting the inevitable.

“I can’t, I don’t wanna get in trouble,” he sniffled miserably.

“Regardless if you wet yourself or not, you’re still gonna be in trouble.” Severus said matter-factly, there was no use lying to the child, he knew better to hold it this long.

“Why?” Harry whimpered a bit confused, his bladder forgotten for about a second.

“Because you know you are not allowed to hold it,” Severus said softly, before walking over to him.

“But, I…I’m sorry,” Harry mumbled softly, knowing it was no use.

“I know you are child but it’s too late, in more ways than one.” Severus said quietly before gently pulling Harry’s hand away from himself.

“No stop!” Harry yelled before bending over trying to prevent the inevitable anyways.

He felt the hot tears on his face as his underwear dampened before you could hear the sound of water hitting the stone floor. He sobbed softly, with his head down as he watched his khaki shorts gets dark and wet. Harry cried harder when he felt the warm liquid run down his legs and into his socks; he felt so gross. As his stream ended he sniffled loudly the tears still flowing down his face.

“Relax child,” Severus murmured before waving his wand and scourgifying the mess away.

Harry sniffled again, but didn’t say anything. He was thoroughly humiliated, he didn’t even know if anyone else had seen him. He kept his gaze to the floor, looking at the man’s dark boots. He took his hand about to wipe his nose with his sleeve when his arm was caught.

“Wha,” He asked looking up finally, with his red face and tear streaked face, more tears already falling.

“That’s disgusting Harry, what did I say about tissues?” Severus grimaced pulling a handkerchief out of his pocket.

“M’sorry,” he hoarsely whispered, wondering what his punishment was going to be this time.

“Never mind that, blow for me child,” Severus said putting the cloth to Harry’s nose.

Harry shrugged his shoulders before blowing his nose into the cloth; he was passed humiliation at this point.

“Good boy,” Severus murmured absently before banishing the cloth, to the laundry and picking the child up.

Severus shook his head, knowing he would have to punish Harry, but that didn’t mean that he couldn’t give him comfort could he? He carried the light child, all the way to their rooms. Opening the portrait he headed for Harry’s room, and looked around.

Harry stayed silent the entire time, as he lay to rest his head on Snape’s shoulder; he took note of the empty hallway and sighed. He was happy there wasn’t anyone else there to witness him disgracing himself. Though he had an accident a few days ago, he hadn’t had one in a while with Snape and he was starting to feel ashamed of himself. He couldn’t stop the tears from falling down his red cheeks; nor preventing them from landing on the man’s robes.

*211*2012-02-22 05:12

{{: 

I didnt like it....

I LOVED IT.. :D Keep up the good work, this is my favorite story on here, I love all the Harry/Snape interaction, its so fricken adorable.

}}

Thank you SOOSOSOSOSOSOSo much, I'm glad you liked it :)

{{: 

Awesome :D i loved this chapter sooo much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

}}

It was my favorite too, I'm glad you liked it as well!

*212*2012-02-22 05:35

{{: 

Awesome! Wonderful! Uh... Awesome! Oh I already said that.. Well, there's really not a good enough word to describe it! lol :)

}}

Lol... thanks so much, happy you enjoyed it too.

*214*2012-02-23 23:28

{{: 

I really like this chapter ! Thanks ! The only bad thing is that unfortunately, Harry is getting more and more like a baby...

}}

I have to disagree, Harry was already slightly regressed which everyone seemed to have picked up on already. Alright my Harry is 13 now, but his mindset is around 9-10 years old depending on the day it can be slightly younger, but I just chock that up to him trying to expierence something he never had. I will admit that there are alot of times he tend to act a bit childish, but he's been like that since the begining of the story so I cant and wont change that now.Then again maybe my story isnt for you, and for that I'm fine everyone has there opionions. Although if your worried about him suddenly being put in diapers and a pacifier and all that, well thts not happening, hence the term he wont be a baby. Regressed and immature Harry is he lolThanks for reviewing anyways. :)

*216*2012-02-24 00:08

Hi, I bet this is a surprise, I'm updating today or you can call it procrastinating. Dude you have no idea how boring it is to study for advance Calculus, I'm dyin over here, study buddy is officially annoyed with me at the moment lol. I cant be on long, but I wrote this and wanted to share, this chapter gets a bit cute and sweet at the end, so heads up.

Chapter 36

Severus sighed as he took in the child’s room; leaving Harry in here wouldn’t seem like a punishment since the boy actually liked his room. Taking the chair from the desk, he placed in it the corner away from the windows and everything else. Severus conjured a timer and placed it on the dresser by the door, setting it for 13 minutes. He didn’t want to forget him again, not that planned on doing that again, he was just being cautious.

“Harry you are to sit in this chair until the timer rings, which is when you are allowed to get up,” Severus explained setting Harry on the floor.

“Yes sir,” Harry nodded quickly before taking his palms to wipe his cheeks off. He knew he deserved this, and sighed softly before heading towards the chair.

“If you get out of the chair before the timer rings, you will get a warning the first time. All other times and I will add 5 minutes every time you do it. Do it more than twice and I will stick you to it,” Severus said quietly.

“I won’t, I’ll stay,” Harry replied honestly before taking a seat in the chair.

Severus sighed knowing Harry would of course obey, one day he hoped to break him of that. He had to learn that it was ok to make mistakes that you wouldn’t get beat for messing up.

“I’ll be in the kitchen, in the rare chance that you need the loo again, don’t hesitate to go,” Severus said gently as he walked out the room. He was feeling a bit apprehensive about this whole thing, what parent likes to discipline their kid anyway?

Harry sighed as he sat in his chair, feeling like he was 6. What was it with Snape and putting him in the corner? He smiled softly, wondering what the man’s other punishments were, before sobering. This was enough, he didn’t wanna test the man, though he said he would never hurt him like the Durselys did, people often change their mind, as the situation changes.

He looked down at his now dry pants and sighed, he didn’t mean to hold it, he just didn’t wanna leave without his sweets, which was pointless because he still didn’t have anything. Harry couldn’t wait for the week to pass by soon, he was tired of being at Hogwarts. Though he loved the castle he couldn’t wait until they got back home to the Manor, and finished their trip. He strained his neck to check the calendar by the bed, eyes widening as he saw what date it was. School started September 1st, and it was already August 15th, how did summer go by so fast? He shook his head before turning back to stare at the wall, not wanting Snape to come in here and catch him. 5 minutes later found him bored as hell, and he sighed promising himself not to be stupid again.

Severus was sitting at the kitchen table drinking a cup of tea; he was trying to convince himself that he wasn’t being hard on Harry. Sighing softly he looked over his potions book, trying to remember the potion that would help Harry immensely. He knew it wasn’t going to be like this huge fix, but it would allow him to hold it like he could before he stretched it. He poured over the book intently forgetting about the time, as he searched for the potions.

Harry jumped when the timer went off, and he ran over to turn it off. As he stretched he smiled softly, that wasn’t so bad; at least now he wasn’t in trouble anymore. He headed out to the kitchen to see if Snape was still there.

Severus looked up when Harry appeared in the kitchen suddenly and he narrowed his eyes slightly.

“The timer went off, and you said I could get up when it did?” Harry said though it sounded more like a question as he took in Snape’s expression.

“Of course Harry,” Severus replied neutrally, before marking the page in his book.

“What do I do now?” Harry asked coming to stand next to him.

Severus didn’t answer he instead stood up and led Harry to the fireplace. Grabbing the canister of floo powder, he opened it before turning to the child.

“I thought about it, and it would do you good to see the Weasleys today.”

“Really, but aren’t I in trouble?” Harry asked eyebrows furrowing in confusion.

“Not anymore, you were already disciplined my child. Do you have everything you want to take with you over there?” Severus asked.

“Can I bring my Nimbus?” Harry asked softly, knowing Ron and his brothers would probably want to play a small game of Quidditch.

“You may, go get it, so I can shrink it.”

Harry ran to his room, to grab the broom from his closet before doubling back into the sitting room. He handed it to Snape and watched him shrink it before putting it into his robe pocket. Harry walked over to him knowing what to do already.

“Your 13 now Harry, did you want to try to floo alone?” Severus asked holding the can out for him.

Harry shook his head from side to side quickly, was this the man’s way of saying that he was too big to floo with him now? He was the same size as he was when he was 12; only difference was he gained liked 5 pounds, not much different.

“No, I don’t, I’m sorry,” he mumbled softly still shaking his head in the negative. Call him childish but there was still that horrified feeling he got when he thought of flooing alone again. He couldn’t help but think about what could have happened had Hagrid not seen him in Knockturn Alley.

“That’s alright child, you can floo alone when you’re ready,” Severus said gesturing for him to come closer.

Harry happily walked over to the man and hugged him close, being careful to close his eyes as he dropped the powder. They disappeared in the flames and Harry would have fallen had he not had such a tight grip on Snape. He smiled and said hello to Mrs. Weasely before turning back to Snape who was getting ready to leave.

“I will be back for you, sometime after dinner alright?” Severus said gently.

“Ok I’ll see you then.” Harry replied smiling as he was handed his tiny broom.

“Bye Harry,” Severus said heading back into the fireplace.

“Wait,” Harry said before running towards him.

“What is it child?” Severus asked quirking and eyebrow up in question.

“I just wanted to tell you something,” Harry said softly looking at the ground.

“What is it?” Severus asked lifting his chin so he could see his eyes.

“I love you,” Harry whispered blushing slightly at his admisson.

Severus was a bit shocked he hadn’t expected to hear those words, not at this point in time; or ever if he was being honest. He cleared his throat quietly, as his emotions seemed to run wild by those three little words.

“Love you to my child,” he murmured thickly before kissing the top of the messy raven headed hair. “Be good,” was all Severus said before flooing back to Hogwarts.

Harry grinned wide, he never expected Snape to say it back to him. He was so lost in his happy thoughts he didn’t notice Molly dabbing her eyes with her apron, having witnessed the whole thing. He walked out the room and headed to Ron’s room to let him know that he was here.

*221*2012-02-27 04:07

{{: 

Omg. I died from cute. Again. I love you sooo much right now! *squeee!*

}}

Thanks, though I know the feel!

{{: 

OMG. I love it! there was a lot of emotions and it was great :D

}}

Thanks so much, I'm glad you liked it too :)

{{: 

Yaaaaaaaaay!!! I love this (:

}}

I'm so glad you did, thanks for reading and stuff. :)

{{: 

Yes...another update, the ending was so sweet, I was grinning so hard. :)

}}

Thanks so much, so was i...even teared up at how sweet it was lol.

*223*2012-02-28 04:48

I split this into two parts, otherwise this would have been long. Hope you guys like it and all, enjoy. I'll probably update 2-3 times a week from now on.

Chapter 37

Severus landed in his quarters smoothly and wiped his eyes, blaming the wetness on the soot, even though none had landed on him. He shook his head, not really believing it that Harry loved him. Harry loved him, the greasy bat of the dungeons, and in the privacy of his quarters he allowed a small smile to grace his face. He couldn’t ignore the warm feeling that seemed to settle in his stomach and in his chest for that matter, having Harry declare something he never even thought possible really did throw him for a loop. He sat on the sofa before summoning a house elf for tea, his urgent need to get back to his potions and lesson plans took a back seat as he pondered about this new development.

Severus knew that Harry thought of him as a father, and he thought of the raven haired boy as his child, but he never thought that love would enter the picture. He kept going back to the way Harry shyly said it to him, as if Severus was going to reject him or something. Severus shook his head, before slowly heading out his rooms, intending to pay Albus a visit. He didn’t know if this new situation was for the better or no, since it didn’t seem he was just living for himself now, but for Harry too. Maybe Albus would be also be able to explain, just what he was going to do about his role in the war.

Harry raced up the stairs to Ron’s room, and busted through the door without even bothering to knock. He laughed out loud as his mate shrieked once before burying something under his pillow.

“Ron what are you doing?” Harry asked leaning on his desk.

“Blimey Harry, didn’t anyone ever teach you how to knock?” Ron asked with his hand over his thumping heart.

“Nope,” Harry replied cheekily before coming to sit on the desk chair.

“I’m glad you’re here Harry, but what are you doing here mate?” Ron asked, he wasn’t expecting to see him today, but he welcomed him nonetheless.

“Didn’t your mum tell you? Snape said I’ll be spending the week with you, because he has work to do at Hogwarts.” Harry said smiling brightly.

“No she didn’t, but we’re gonna have so much fun,” Ron said grinning, already thinking of what they could do.

“I know. Hey Ron did you wanna go flying?” Harry asked softly.

“Yea, let’s go see if Ginny and the twins wanna come too,” Ron said excitedly as they walked down the hall.

Harry couldn’t stop grinning; even Percy decided he wanted to play. Harry was of course playing seeker, but so was Ginny and he tried to be serious but couldn’t. She looked so tiny, but so determined on her broom. While he was thinking of going easy on her, she must have known because she smirked at him before shaking her head. As everyone started to mount their brooms, Harry took his tiny one out of his pocket and blushed brightly.

“Harry why aren’t you on your broom?” Ron called a few feet in the air away from him.

“Snape forgot to unshrink it, so I don’t think I can play.” He replied looking at his small broom in disbelief.

“Blimey Harry, mum can help,” Ron replied ignoring the snickers he heard behind him as he touched down on the ground. He grabbed Harry’s arm before running back into the house.

As Harry watched Molly unshrink it, he felt a bit stupid; of course she could use magic, she was a witch was she not? Before he could get too embarrassed Ron grabbed him again and they headed back outside to the pitch. They played a long time out there in the pitch, ignoring the darkness of the sky in favor of the game. The game only ended when Mrs. Weasley came outside to tell them that dinner was ready, which made everyone immediately aware of their now growling stomachs; though in Harry’s case his uncomfortable bladder.

Harry and the Weasleys headed towards the house, Molly threw a few cleaning charms at them before telling them to wash their hands. It was a tight fit into the small bathroom off the kitchen and Harry squirmed as he glanced at the toilet. He couldn’t go with everyone in there though, and just as he was planning on staying back Fred grabbed him and steered him to the table. He sat down dejectedly, and waited for everyone to be seated.

Harry wiggled in his chair slightly before giving his crotch a squeeze. If Snape was here, he would have his head, for holding it in yet again today. Finally they all began eating, with Harry moving around in his seat almost constantly now, though nobody paid any attention because they chocked it up to excitement. Harry was grateful when dinner was finally over, and while he needed to use the loo badly, he didn’t know if he was allowed to leave the table just yet.

He waited until Ron had finished before standing up with him, as he was dancing from foot to foot, to tell his mate about him needing the loo, they heard the floo flare. Harry groaned as everyone turned to see who it was before smiling widely as he realized it was Snape.

“Bye, I’ll see you tomorrow Ron,” Harry said before quickly making his way to Snape.

“Hi Harry, did you have a good time?” Severus asked.

“I did I had a blast, I can’t wait until I come back tomorrow,” Harry replied shifting his weight from foot to foot as his bladder sloshed about.

“That’s good, where’s your broom?” Severus asked glancing around.

“I left it outside; can I just leave it here since I’ll be coming back anyways?” Harry asked tightly, wanting to hurry up and leave already.

“You may, say goodbye to Molly and Arthur and don’t forget to thank them for having you,” Severus replied quietly.

“Thank you Mr. and Mrs. Weasley for having me, I had a really good time.” Harry said politely before turning back to Snape with a grimace.

“Are you ok Harry?” Severus asked taking in his tense stance.

“I’m fine; can we go home now please?” Harry asked trying not to bounce in place.

“Of course, Arthur, Molly,” Severus said nodding his head slightly before he flooed away with Harry.

