The Fall of the Human Bladder

Author: Pan

*000*2014-11-10 12:03

WARNING: Story will contain both male and female desperation. Probably 70% female, 30% male. I actually generally write male desperation, but I really wanted to post a story on this website, and since female desperation is way more popular, I thought I'd take a shot at it. It's good to get out of your comfort zone anyway, right?

###

CHAPTER ONE

"...Interesting enough, there seems to be a common pattern running through the city of Greenwich. The number of people losing control of their bladders has increased reportedly. Over the span of a month, urologists have been contacted more than they've ever been contacted in a year. Most of the "victims" have been between the ages of 17-25..."

Eva Whitemoore leaned forward, thighs pressed tight together. The news today was just plain weird. Bladder issues? Really? Were the news people that out of good gossip that they had resorted to talking about adult wettings? Eva rolled her eyes, and shifted her bum on the couch. She kind of had to pee too, but she'd been so engrossed by the "weird news" that she'd put it off for a while. She was 22-years old with sunshine blonde hair, a curvy figure, and bright green eyes. She was working her way to becoming a professional lawyer. Due to her high expectations and dream job, she was extremely critical about what the media fed her. She saw right through their ploys.

Seriously. Bladder desperation. There's an Ebola crisis going on, and you're telling me people are peeing themselves? The news people really had to get their priorities straight. Still, Eva had nothing better to do on a Monday night, so she decided to keep watching.

"Let's talk to 19-year old Kelsey Wilkins. She was one of the victims of this new bladder epidemic. Tell us, Kelsey, how did this wetting exactly happen?"

A girl showed up on the screen, eyes frantic. "There's literally a problem going on in this world. I'm serious. It's not that my bladder is any weaker or anything, but even though I'm not drinking anything, my bladder decides to get really full! Like, I was sitting in class, and I'd only drunk half a water bottle, but I started getting this pressure like I'd been drinking gallons and gallons..." Tears leaked in her eyes. "I tried to hold it, but when you need to pee that bad, eventually your bladder just gives out."

The reported took the mic back. "This is just one of the many cases we've faced the past month. All victims reported that they hadn't drank that much, but slowly, and gradually, their bladder filled up like they had been drinking copious amounts. Once again, the victims were all between 17-25, concerning both genders...although so far, there is a higher ratio of females reporting this incident than males."

Eva rolled her eyes. Even if this was true, bladder control was not the primary concern of Greenwich right now. There'd been a local robbery awhile back. Couldn't they focus on that? Sick of the news, Eva stood up to relieve herself. Her bladder was full and hard in her abdomen, but her bathroom was only a few meters away, so she wasn't worried. After all, unlike half of the people in Greenwich, she could actually hold her pee like a normal adult. However, when she reached the bathroom door, she realized it was locked. She could hear the shower running. Eva's bladder pulsed softly, and she rubbed her legs together briefly. "Who's in there?" she called.

"Bug off, Eva!"

Ah, her lovely brother, Brandon. "I need to pee!" Eva complained.

"Can't you hold it?" For a moment, the shower stopped running, and the door opened a crack. Brandon's face popped out. His hair was dripping wet.

"Don't tell me, the bladder epidemic has got to you too?"

Eva straightened up. Her bladder groaned, and she pressed her thighs tighter together. "You heard about that too?"

"Sure did."

"It's completely stupid, isn't it?" Eva said. "Instead of just admitting that no one in Greenwich was properly potty trained, they blame it on some sort of suspicious thing going around."

Brandon's eyes widened. "Wait? You don't believe it?"

"Of course not." Eva crossed her arms. "Don't tell me you do?"

"Of course I do." Brandon lowered his voice. "I witnessed it firsthand. You know the Philosophy course I'm taking, right? Well, there was this hot girl in there, Amanda I think, and she was totally fine one minute...and then, she started squirming around, and..." Brandon's voice got excited. "She openly held herself and everyone could tell she was about to burst, but the professor wouldn't let her leave."

Eva narrowed her eyes. "You make it sound like the prospect of her peeing herself is exciting."

"It's pretty hot," Brandon informed her. "Anyway. It's not just a prospect. She actually pissed herself. Her jeans were soaked and all."

That was pretty odd. But once again, Eva still didn't think it could be a real problem. She was pretty sure this was just some sort of weird strike people were on for some weird thing, and she couldn't be bothered to actually consider it as something serious. The ISIS? Yes, that was a problem. World-killing disease? A problem. Local bank robbery? Problem. Adult wettings? Not so much.

"She probably just drank too much before," Eva said.

"I don't know..." Brandon said uncertainly. "It's all over the news..."

"Government conspiracy," Eva joked. Then she said, "Okay. Since you're clearly not showering, can I go pee real quick?"

Brandon stuck his tongue out. "I am showering!" Then he slammed the door shut.

What a child, Eva thought, her bladder pounding in dissatisfaction. Her brother was 18-years old, but he acted like was five most of the time. Knocking her knees together a little, Eva glared at the door. She really had to pee. Luckily, her house had another bathroom. Giving herself a quick squeeze for comfort, Eva ran upstairs to the bathroom in her bedroom. But when she pushed on the door handle, it wouldn't budge.

It was locked too. And the shower was running again.

"Shit," Eva pressed her legs together, one leg crossing swiftly over the other. The only other person that could be occupying the bathroom was her younger sister Rose. Rose was 17, and the most sensitive and caring person Eva knew. Unlike Eva and Brandon, who fought all the time, Rose was practically the light in the family. She didn't say a hurtful word about anyone, and Eva and Brandon both had this instinctive protectiveness over her.

Not wanting to bother her sister in the shower, Eva sat down on the edge of her bed and waited. By now, her legs were clenched tightly together, and she could feel her jeans cutting into her full abdomen. God, she had to pee. Her bladder was full and hard under her clothing, pulsing harder and harder at the sound of the running shower. Eva squirmed a little, her face getting hot. Okay, well, at least you know this isn't that stupid bladder epidemic thing. You just put it off for too long. Eva berated herself for getting too sucked into the news, and for drinking three full glasses of ginger-ale beforehand, because god, was she feeling it.

Pressing her thighs tight together, Eva rocked a little on the edge of the bed. Her bladder was achingly cramped and taut against her jeans, and she crossed her legs once more, tightly pressing them together. After a few minutes, she regained control of her bladder, although neither her sister or her brother had come out of the shower yet. Even though her bladder was still achingly full, she was holding it quite fine now - just with a little shifting and rocking required...

"I swear to god, if Brandon had just let me pee...." Eva muttered to herself. "I wouldn't be in such discomfo- oof!" Eva bent forward, her eyes widening. Her bladder was suddenly filled with tremendous pressure, more than Eva had felt in her entire life. If her bladder had been full before, it was now overfull. Eva squeezed hard, pressing both fingers hard against the crotch of her jeans. Her body trembled, tense and wired - she had never felt such an overwhelming need to pee before. Oh, god, okay, she needed to pee right now.

Eva stood up quick, but gravity hit her bladder even harder, and she squeezed her eyes shut, legs tangled tight together like a pretzel. The tops of her thighs grinded against each other, one hand pressing hard at her crotch. It felt like her pee was on the verge of spilling out and soaking her jeans. What the hell? Eva let out a soft moan, squeezing her legs together and hobbling toward the bathroom door. How did this happen? I swear I didn't drink this much...

She knocked harshly on the door. "Rose! Please come out!" she pleaded. She hated acting this weak, but she was literally about to pee herself. "I'm about to pee myself! Please!" She didn't know why this was happening. Sure, her bladder had been full before, but now it felt like she'd just drank four full water bottles on top of it... The stupid bladder epidemic, Eva realized with a grimace. Okay. So maybe there was some truth to it.

Eva couldn't think about that right now. "Rose! Please!" Her other hand joined her at the crotch, pressing as hard as she could. The shower turned off, and Rose called, "One minute!"

"Ohhh," Eva moaned. "I can't hold it for one minute." Her bladder felt so full it was seriously crazy. The young future lawyer danced desperately in front of the door, her legs squeezing, uncrossing, recrossing, her hands pressing harshly against her crotch, her thighs trembling with desperation... Oooh, I have to go! Rose, hurry up! Eva was nearly in tears when Rose opened the door, a towel wrapped around her body.

"Eva?" She said with concern. "Are you oka-"

"Move aside!" Eva cried, rushing forward past her sister. She slammed the door shut behind her, and danced in front of the toilet for a moment. "I'm seriously going to piss myself," Eva moaned. Her fingers were pressed tightly between her clenched thighs, and she didn't want to remove either hand to unzip her jeans. "Oh, please, please..." Eva whimpered as a stream of pee slipped out. She ground her hands harder against her crotch. "Hold it, hold it..."

In one swift motion, she reached for her zipper and tugged hard.

Nothing happened.

What the .... No. No. This couldn't be happening. Eva tugged harder, again and again, but her zipper wasn't budging. It didn't make sense. These were one of her most expensive jeans, so the zipper was generally smooth and rarely got stuck. How could this be happening? She didn't have time to think about her zipper. Her bladder pulsed harder, and another long stream of pee seeped between her tightly clenched fingers. There was no visible signs, but she could feel it, warm and moist against her skin.

"Fuck, shit, hell," She cursed about every curse word there was. Both of her hands were jammed back in her crotch, and she bounced from foot to foot, wondering what the hell she should do. What am I supposed to do? Tears of desperation watered her eyes. I can't go pee outside, or in the shower, or ANYTHING because my stupid zipper is...is...Eva moaned, squirming feverishly, face flushed with perspiration.

Unsure of what to do, Eva crouched down on the bathroom floor, both of her hands wedged in her crotch. She rocked back and forth, moaning and squirming, trying in vain to get her zipper down once more. But it was no use. Eva bent forward, face heated with desperation...

She had to pee. Unable to hold it back anymore, Eva let out a loud groan, and pee gushed out from between her pressed fingers and soaked the inside of her jeans. She could feel the warm wetness streaming rapidly down her legs, wetting her crotch and bum. "Ohhhh...that feels good..." Eva rested her head against the wall of the bathroom, the wall feeling cool against her slick forehead. Her shoulders relaxed as the contents of her bladder freed themselves, gushing heavily around her. She was embarrassed beyond belief, of course, but releasing everything felt nearly orgasmic.

Well, she thought when she was done. I guess I have to clean this up. She glanced at her wet, soaked jeans and the bathroom floor. She frowned. But this confirmed something she hadn't wanted to believe before - there was something going on with everyone's bladders. She hadn't believed it at first, but she'd felt it firsthand - sure, she'd had to pee before, but her bladder had nearly tripled in fullness in a matter of seconds.

What the hell is going on... Eva stood up, her legs still shaking.

Clearly, something was up with the bladders of Greenwich City.

As a future aspiring lawyer, Eva Whitemoore was going to find out exactly what.

*005*2014-11-14 22:20

AUTHOR'S NOTE: Thanks so much for all the comments! This'll probably primarily focus on female desperation. I realized I just find it difficult to mix both, especially when my audiences are completely different. There will be some male desperation later on, but only for plot purposes, and to make it more realistic. Anyway, hope you enjoy.

CHAPTER TWO

Eva tried to be as discrete and nonchalant as possible as she walked out of the bathroom.

She had already hid her clothes in one of the unused drawers of the bathroom (which she would wash later) and had taken a long shower so she'd have an excuse to come out with a towel. Twisting her hair into a bun, she casually strolled over to her bed, opening her dresser drawer for a clean pair of panties.

Rose was sitting on the edge of her bed, adorned in silky white pajamas. She was brushing her wet blonde hair with a large pink brush. "Hey, Eve," she said. "Um, what happened? You sort of rushed into the bathroom like..." she laughed softly. "Like you were dying to pee or something."

Eva felt her face get hot. Swallowing hard, she said, as coolly as she could, "Nope. I actually really needed to go, you know, the other one," she lied. This would be less suspicious. There was no "need to poop" epidemic going on, right?

Rose stared at her blankly. "Other one?"

"You know," Eva waved her hand. "Number two?"

All she got was a blank stare. "Number two? I thought we were talking about the bathroom."

Eva chuckled, and said "Never mind." Rose was brilliant at school - she was currently passing university with flying colors, and had graduated from high school with an impressive 4.0 GPA. However, she could be awfully dense and clueless at times. Perhaps that was why both Eva and Brandon felt protective of her - it was too scary to let Rose truly grow up and be independent because of her clueless nature.

Getting up, Eva breezed past Rose, ruffling her hair quickly as she went, only to get a, "I just finished combing it," whine from her sister. Eva kept her smile on until she was out of the room and downstairs, before she finally let herself sag into the kitchen chair. God. She couldn't believe she'd just pissed herself. It was just one of those things that sent you in a state of shock.

Rubbing her arms, she poured herself a glass of orange juice. Did people pee themselves at 22?

Nope, Eva, they do not. That's just you. Except it wasn't just her. Eva's frown deepened. This was...plain weird. Eva had always been a skeptic about pretty much everything, so the only reason Eva could think of for failing bladders in Greenwich was...some kind of medical problem being passed around. She gnawed on her lower lip. If it was contagious, she didn't want to give it to Rose or Brandon...

"This is insanity," Eva muttered.

"What's insanity?" Brandon cheerfully walked in, grabbing a glass of orange juice himself.

Eva glared at him, feeling a sudden rush of anger. That's right! It was his fault. "You," she declared, standing up. At her full height, she was still a couple inches shorter than Brandon, unfortunately, making her look a lot less intimidating. "This is all your fault."

Brandon jumped back in panic. "I swear I didn't use your toothbrush last night! And if I did, it was honestly an accident!"

Eva narrowed her eyes. "Wait, what?"

"I was drunk!" Brandon babbled out. "Or I would never use it and-"

Eva shook her head. "That's not what I'm talking about. Although I'll probably get back at you later for that."

Brandon stilled. "Then what were you talking about?"

It only just dawned on Eva that she couldn't punish Brandon because that would mean she'd have to tell him about her accident. Flustered, she just glared at him, and poured herself another glass of orange juice. Brandon bugged her about why she was mad for awhile, before finally going away to play video games. When she heard the sound of the video game buzzing from the next room, she sighed, sitting back in the chair.

She still felt upset over her accident, but there was really nothing she could do.

Except prevent it from happening again.

That was right. She'd made a goal to get to the bottom of this.

Opening up her laptop, Eva got to work.

++++

Five hours later, when both Rose and Brandon were asleep, Eva finally closed her laptop. She shut her eyes, rubbing her temples. Her bladder had filled up again, after drinking so much orange juice, but she'd been so occupied by her research that she hadn't bothered to go to the bathroom.

Eva shifted in the chair, pressing her legs together momentarily. She hadn't found that much. She'd browsed through all the news articles and personal reports about the bladder epidemic, and had made a list of different factors that could have attributed to it. Height, health, weight, gender... but she just couldn't find any patterns.

The only pattern Eva had found was that all of the people who had so far reported being affected were all attractive.

That's what made her suspicious. She didn't want to sound conceited, but she knew she was fairly pretty, and all of the rest of the victims were pretty or handsome too... it just didn't make sense. Pretty people weren't any more healthier than non-pretty people, or any more likely to get a disease. That's why Eva had come to the grand conclusion that someone was doing this on purpose. Someone was targeting people.

Sure - Eva admitted - that sounded a little crazy. But it made sense for a pervert to want to target good-looking people, didn't it?

But how...Eva nibbled on her lower lip, folding and unfolding her legs. God, she had to pee. She considered opening her laptop to do some last minute research, but her head was throbbing, and her brain felt fuzzy as hell. Squirming a little in her seat, Eva stretched her arms, before going upstairs and preparing to go to bed. She was so distracted by her own thoughts of what in the world was going on in Greenwich that she didn't realize she'd forgotten to relieve herself until she was tucked in bed.

You should probably get up and go... Eva's tired mind managed to warn....especially with this bladder thing going around...

But I'm exhausted, and my bladder isn't that full and I'm already half-asleep, Eva justified to herself. Satisfied with her reasoning, she rolled over, twisted her legs together tightly, and fell into a deep slumber.

___

"You're late! You're late!"

Eva woke up sleepily to Brandon whacking a pillow at her head. "Screw off," she managed to mumble out, her eyes straining against the light of the bedroom. He just laughed, and ran downstairs. Seriously - the kid was a five-year old in an eighteen-year old's body. The next thing Eva realized was that her bladder was an achingly full ball of urine in her abdomen, throbbing and pulsing with need.

Eva pressed her legs together, and scrambled out of bed. She ran for the bathroom, but realized, with sinking agony, that the door was locked and closed. What was Rose doing in the shower again? "Hey, I need the bathroom!" she called out. Her bladder send waves of pulsing agony through her body, and she shivered, and tried not to squirm too much. "C'mon Rose, you had a shower yesterday!"

There was no response. After a moment, Eva heard a faint, "I know, but I forgot I'm meeting with a cute boy today, so I need to look extra nice."

Seriously? Eva rolled her eyes at the logic, before clambering down the stairs to the downstairs bathroom. She crossed her fingers that Brandon wasn't in it but - of course- he was. "Two showers in a day?" Eva shook her head, her long legs tangling together tighter. God, she had to pee so bad. She really needed to stop drinking so much before she went to bed. "Brandon," Eva called. "I need to pee."

"I'm showering!" Brandon responded.

"But you showered last night," Eva said in frustration.

The water turned off for a moment, and Brandon poked his head out. This seriously felt like deja vu to Eva. "I swear," he said. "Sometimes you're as clueless as Rose. I workout in the morning, remember? I have to take a shower or I'm going to end up smelling like shit to the ladies."

Eva crossed her arms, subtly shifting from foot to foot. "Aren't you going to be late?"

"I'm skipping my morning classes."

"What? Why?"

Brandon shrugged. "Don't feel like going." Then Brandon shut the door. Eva wondered if she should demand he let her pee quickly, but the shower was already running again, and Eva was sick of knocking on bathrooms doors because her bladder was dying. And she was running late.

Unlike Brandon, her classes were actually important, so Eva decided she could somehow hold her full bladder until she got to university. Her universities generally had unoccupied bathrooms unlike her stupid house where people took twenty million showers all the time. Straightening up, Eva went upstairs. Rose gave her her toothbrush, literally tossing it out the bathroom door when she asked, and Eve brushed her teeth by the sink - because, of course, her stupid house had shower-abusers.

After that, she went upstairs to comb back her hair and change into nicer clothes. Her bladder still felt horribly full, and when she zipped up her jeans, she winced, and knocked her knees together at the sudden pressure. Maybe I should wear a skirt... Her eyes drifted to the lone skirt lying in her closet. It would be more comfortable with a full bladder, but Eva had always been more of a jeans girl, and she would feel way too awkward to show up at school with a skirt when she never wore skirts in her life.

She checked her watch. She was seriously running late, and she couldn't afford to miss her lesson. Her professors always took random questions from the lessons and put them on the exam. Eva checked once more to see if any of the bathrooms had been freed, but both Brandon and Rose were still showering, so without looking back, she grabbed her bag and walked out of the house with a full bladder in tow.

+++

Eva was regretting her decision sorely.

The drive there was usually about thirty minutes, but she'd been stuck in traffic for about twenty minutes now, and her bladder was absolutely going to burst in her jeans. By the way the traffic was inching along, she was definitely going to be late anyway for her lesson, so she'd left without using the bathroom for practically no reason. As the car in front of her moved, Eva separated her tightly pressed thighs to press down on the pedal. Just that little movement sent a shock wave into her swollen bladder: full and quivering with the several cups of orange juice she'd had the night before.

Eva cautiously removed one hand from the steering wheel and pressed two fingers hard against the crotch of jeans, trying to yield direct pressure to her pee hole. She squirmed against her hand for a moment, her face flushed, her eyes unfocused on the road in front of her. God, she had to pee so bad. She wanted to say this was the worst she'd ever have to pee, but yesterday definitely topped this.

Of course, yesterday, it had simply been because of the evil bladder epidemic. Today it was because of her utter carelessness of falling in bed the night before without relieving her full bladder. You're not a child, Eva, Eva's bladder throbbed and pulsed, threatening to burst out into her pressed fingers. You should honestly started answering your bladder's needs more promptly.

Well, she couldn't do anything about it now except sit tight and hold it in.

The traffic inched a long a tad more. When the cars paused, Eva took the opportunity to squeeze her crotch hard, trying to hold back the pee that wanted to gush out and spill over her hands. She pressed her legs together, and wriggled on the seat. "Oh, c'mon, c'mon..." she gnawed on her lower lip.

After about five minutes, the traffic finally let up, and Eva sped down the freeway. She was bouncing her left knee, and grinding her bum into the seat to try to hold back her flood. Unable to properly use her hands or legs to help hold it back, all she could do was squirm and bounce as carefully as possible while driving. When she reached her university, she quickly parked in the student lot, and practically threw off her seat belt.

The moment she got out of the car, she doubled over, her legs crossed tightly in a tangly mess of sheer desperation. Her need had escalated horrendously over the ride from the car, and Eva was more and more aware that her bladder was way fuller than she should have let it get. With one hand resting on the bulge that was surely contained because of her tight jeans, and one hand pressing frantically at her crotch, Eva shuffled through the doors of her school. The sector was quiet, the hallways secluded. Most of the classes had the doors closed with lessons going on.

Bathroom, bathroom... Eva's thighs closed over her hand, and she paused for a moment, bladder pounding, the overfull organ begging for release. When she finally reached near the bathrooms, her bladder loosened for a moment, eager to release - but then it cramped back up when Eva noticed, with dreadful agony, the line of three girls waiting outside of the stalls. Eva let out a soft moan, bending forward deeply. "Seriously? This can't be happening. I'm about to piss myself."

One of the girls standing in line was one of Eva's friends, Caroline. Caroline smirked when she noticed Eva's predicament. "You look like you're going to burst."

Eva said, "Shut up," and pressed her hand harder against her pee hole. She didn't really care if Caroline saw at this point. Caroline was a pretty close friend, and Eva was honestly so close to bursting that she wouldn't have been able to remove her hand even if she wanted to.

"You should have stopped somewhere on the way here," Caroline said.

"I know." Eva wriggled, and wished she had. She'd considered it - what with how bad she had to go - but she hadn't been too far from her school when the traffic had let up, and she'd thought the bathrooms would be open with no line like they always were. "What's going on, anyway?" Eva tugged at the waistband of her jeans. It was cutting harshly into her bladder, and she wished she could yank it down. "Is it because of the bladder thing?"

"Sort of. It's getting worse. Everyone just gets random urges to go really bad now." Caroline smiled cheekily. "Not me, though, of course." She flipped her hair. "I'm fabulous."

Eva rolled her eyes, and turned her attention to the other two girls standing in front of the door. One of them was moaning audibly, her hands pressed into the crotch of her skirt, pushing it up a little so her her lily-white upper thighs showed. The other was shifting from foot to foot, hands clenched at her side.

Okay. So everyone had to pee. Except Caroline.

"You don't need to go bad, right?" Eva blew her hair out of her face, her other hand joining her at the crotch as she pushed hard. "Can I go in front of you?"

"I have a mild urge," Caroline waved her hand. "Nothing I can't handle. Go ahead, hon."

"Hon?" Eva said irritated, but she couldn't dwell on that right now. Her bladder was achingly full, and Eva rubbed her thighs together, bent forward. Both hands were pressing deep into her crotch, and she closed her eyes, and bit her lip. I am so never going to postpone going to the bathroom again. Just then, one of the stalls freed up, and the girl who had been holding through her skirt rushed forward, and slammed the stall shut. Eva could hear the hiss of her pee audibly, and it made her moan and shiver with need.

Oh, god... Her bladder contracted hard, and she practically grinded her hand against her crotch, rubbing up against it for more pressure.

Caroline was laughing. "I never thought I'd see the day."

"Please shut up." Eva grit her teeth, and squeezed hard, clenching back for all it was worth. Her pee was going to spill out any minute now, and Eva literally was sure it was a 50/50 chance that she would make it or not. The problem with the women's bathroom was that it only had two stalls, and one's lock was broken, so there was basically only one stall. Eva bounced desperately, and her eyes widened in horror when a single spurt leaked into her panties.

"Oh no," Eva squeezed harder, clenching with all her might. "It's actually coming out. For God's sake, this isn't happening again."

"Again?" Caroline arched her brow.

"I mean..." Eva blushed in sudden embarrassment, but before she could say anything, the stall opened, and the skirt-girl walked out, looking super relieved. The other girl in front of her groaned, "Thank god!" and rushed in after her. Only a little longer... Eva whimpered when the skirt-girl turned on the water to wash her hands. The water was not helping, and another spurt escaped, making her panties warm and moist.

Oh, god, hold it Eva... Her fingers pressed harder against her pee hole. Another spurt escaped. Ohh...fuck...

The next minute was agonizingly long for Eva. She kept glancing at the bathroom door, but the girl hadn't come out yet, and Eva was dying. She had both her hands pushed as hard as possible against her pee hole - as much as possible through the fabric of her jeans, anyway - and she was literally doing a pee dance, clenching and unclenching her legs, rocking on her heels, groaning with desperation.

Suddenly, there was a sudden, "Ohmygod!" from behind her. Eva, with both hands still trying to hold back frequent leaks, turned to see Caroline suddenly panic, both hands flying to her crotch, and pressing hard. "Oh my god, I need to pee, oh my god, I need to pee-"

"What?" Eva could barely get the words out. One thought crossed her frantic mind: The bladder epidemic thing. It must have struck Caroline.

At the worst possible moment.

The stall door opened, and the other girl got out. Eva moaned with relief, and started forward, but Caroline ran past her. "Sorry girl, but I was here first, and I'm dying now!"

Eva stared in horror as the stall door slammed shut. She wanted to say, but you said I could go first, but her bladder was so agonizingly full and she couldn't think of anything else but how she was going to piss herself in a matter of seconds. Her hands pressed harder against her crotch, and her whole body trembled, from her legs, to her bum, to her back, to try to hold back the inevitable flood.

Please come out Caroline, was all she could pray. Come out before my pee does.

