Lea and Jamie

Author: goth-kitty

*000*2014-02-09 06:01

“Sit,” Lea commands, pointing to the office chair in the corner of their shared living room.

Jamie sits like a good puppet. “Good boy, now quit squirming.” Lea loves this feeling, of utter control.

Jamie’s dressed in the tightest jeans Lea could find. Being hers’ they are about one size too small for him. They squeeze his abdomen just tight enough that you can see his bladder bulge over the top. Soon enough they would be soaked though, and the contents of that beautiful bulge would be all over those skinny jeans.

“What did I say about squirming?” Lea demands. Jamie grabs at his crotch with both hands, planting both feet on the floor firmly. A wet patch appears on the light blue jeans. Lea smirks to herself, but hardens her face and says, “bad puppet, big boys don’t wet their pants.”

Jamie looks at her sheepishly, in his weakest voice says “please mistress, won’t you let me go to the bathroom?”

“No, you lost that privilege when I caught you parading around in your birthday present. Now how do those briefs feel? They’re not much of a birthday present when they’re wet and plastered to your d*ck are they?”

Jamie struggles in his seat to keep the pee in. He wish he didn’t know what would happen if did wet himself fully, but he does, and he’s going to experience it soon if he can’t stop the flow.

Lea sees the look on his face and knows the flood gates have opened. Only a moment later she sees the glistening pee soak through his light blue jeans. It flows down his calves and onto the linoleum. “My, you’ve made a mess, now, haven’t you, puppet. You’ll have to clean that up, or else.” Lea glared at him.

Jamie finishes emptying his bladder in his pants and finally gets up to retrieve some towels from the hall closet. When he returns Lea is wearing only her panties, and is rubbing herself hard.

Jamie hides behind the hall wall watching Lea play with herself. She rocks her hips and quietly moans. He can feel himself grow, hiding behind his towels. Lea spots him and stops, standing. “What are you doing puppet?” She says forcefully. “You should be cleaning up your mess!” She points at his puddle, and Jamie sulks toward it, forgetting what he was hiding behind the towels. Lea spots his manhood poking at the material of her jeans and clucks her tongue.

“Oh puppet, that’s not part of your punishment, but now it will be… Now we’ll have to have a little game.”

Jamie cleans up his mess and tries his hardest to get his hardon down, but it’s no use. He cannot get the thought of Lea’s arousal out of his mind, her fingers sliding over her damp panties.

Lea grabs Jamie’s arm and drags him to the bedroom. Still fully clothed and soaked, he lies like a good puppet. She straddles him on the bed and says “If you come you have to wear your soiled clothes for the rest of the night.” Rocking her hips makes him whimper. He tries his hardest to think of anything but what is happening, but he won’t last long if she keeps this up. She pulls him into an intense kiss and continues to rock her hips over his wet pants.

Upright again she leans back and bites her lip, allowing him to see her damp panties. There is no way he will make it out of this little competition, so he might as well enjoy himself. He rocks his hips into hers feeling his muscles contract and a different warm fluid damp his new briefs.

Lea smirks to herself and continues rubbing herself on his damp leg, moaning. She feels her own muscles contract and her panties damp even more. She collapses on the bed next to Jamie, snoring softly.

*003*2014-02-11 07:26

Thanks for the feedback. I didn't know if it was going to be a series when I wrote it, but I could try to make it one :).

*005*2014-02-18 04:54

I feel silly now. I was reading around the site and found out it's better to post continuations of the series on the same thread, and I have not been doing that.

I wrote another segment with Lea and Jamie, but its separate. If I write anymore I will post them on this thread.

