Summer with Snape

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*000*2011-12-14 04:01

So this is an actual story like with Chapters I just hope I figure where to put the next Chapter. Hopefully just underneath this one but I hope you guys like it. This is male desperation and it will include some bedwetting later on in the story. The main characters are Harry and Snape because I love them both to death.

Chapter 1

Harry sighed softly as the shifted in his seat, he hated traveling by muggle means they always took so slow. At the moment he was sitting in the backseat of a muggle automobile also known as a car and was going to his Professor's Manor. Why they couldnt floo was besides him. Why the hell did he hve to spend his Dursely free summer with Snape of all people? He squirmed in his seat again, and looked out the window. He really needed to pee, and was getting borderline desperate as the minutes ticked by. Snape was sitting in the drivers seat, leaving Harry to ponder when his teacher learned to drive. He thankfully was sitting in the back, needing space to lie down, which also meant that he could hold himelf if he needed to.

20 minutes rolled by and found Harry giving himself occasional squeezes to keep his liquid in. Snape was still driving along having not noticed a thing was wrong with his charge. He didnt want to embarrass himself in front of Snape of all people, giving the man more things to taunt him with, so he better speak up.

"Professor, how long until we get there?"

"We'll be there in about 6 hours Potter."

"Oh, do you think we could stop at a petrol station sir?"

"Why? Surely your not hungry, if I recall there is food in the basket on the floor."

"No sir I'm not hungry."

"Then what did you need?" Snape asked getting annoyed.

"I just wanted to..uh...stretch my legs sir." He replied hurridley, somewhere along the way his courage vanished.

"Right, have you forgotten that you are a horrible liar Potter?"

"Sorry sir"

"What did you really need?" Snape pressed.

"The loo sir," Harry finally whispered.

"I see," was all the man said.

Harry was grateful that the man had dropped the subject but his bladder was still throbbing and the man never actually said he was going to stop somewhere. Harry found himself involuntarily gasping and moaning softly in an effort to keep it all in. The last time he had used the toilet was that morning when they left Hogwarts. It was now 2:00pm and he really needed to relieve himself, or he would soon have a humilating situation on his hands.

Severus could hear the boy quite cleary behind him making noises, surely the boy didn’t have to go that bad? Of course he was putting on extra for the attention, since he was acting Severus figured he wouldn't mind waiting.

“Sir please can you pull over?” Harry finally begged, tears springing into his eyes.

“No Potter, I’ll pull over in about an hour. You are 12 years old and not a baby so I know that you can and will hold it.”

“I really cant sir, I’m not even joking.”

“1 hour Potter, now cease this incessant talking.”

Harry now had his left hand firmly grasped in his pants, he knew his teacher was cruel but he never imagined the man would stoop this low. What part of he had to pee didn’t he get? He felt a spurt of pee leak out into his boxers before whimpering to himself, he was going to wet himself soon he just knew it. He quickly blinked away the traitorous tears that threathned to fall, and focused on his bladder. As another spurt followed, he found himself frozen in fear, he was going to wet himself in the man’s car.

Severus looked discreetly in the mirror where he could check on the boy. The child’s face was beet red and he looked like he was struggling to hold back more then just the tears in his eyes. He had thought the boy was pretending but now he was having second guesses on that.

“Potter, when was the last time you used the loo today?”

“When I woke up this morning sir,” the boy said as he sniffled.

“And you did not think to inform me of this why?”

“I didn’t think it was important sir,” he answered.

“Foolish child, of course it’s important. The next rest area isnt for another 30 minutes do you think you can hold it?” Severus asked, he was already annoyed with himself for not believing the child, and annoyed with the boy for not speaking up sooner.

Harry felt himself nodding that he could but on the inside he knew he couldn’t. He was slowly leaking and he casually looked down to see if his blue jeans had a spot. They didn’t but he knew that if he couldn’t hold on they would. Suddenly he sat rimrod in his seat, as a 2 second spurt leaked into his pants, he could feel his bum getting wet. And ingoring the tears that were now falling freely down his face he squirmed with all his might to keep it in. As he was fighting his bladder, his Professor suddenly swered the car startling Harry. Spurt after spurt came out, and by the time he gained control the back of his pants were soaked. He could feel the pee dripping down his leg. He was wet and when he got out Snape would know what he did. What was worse was that he still had to go really badly.

“Are you alright there Potter?”

“Yes sir, what happened?” Harry asked trying to keep his voice from cracking on his tears.

“There was a dead animal in the road.”

“Oh, are we almost there sir?”

“In about 15 more minutes we should be. How are you holding up Potter?”

“I’m fine sir,” Harry stated miserably.

“Are you sure, you don’t sound fine.”

“I am sir,” Harry answered.

He rocked back in forth trying to keep the remaining pee in, for all it was worth. They had just taken the exit when all of a sudden Harry gasped loudly, startling Snape. His poor bladder just had enough of the abuse and forcibly released itself all over the man’s car. He heard the sound of his pee hitting the floor and he was sure that Snape could hear it too, but the man never said a word.

Severus looked in the mirror at the boy who had a look of intense fear in his eyes, he could already guess what happened by the look in the boy's eyes. His face really was an open book at times. They were both at fault here, him for not thinking to take the child's needs into account and the boy for not speaking up. But he shook his head at that, the boy did speak up, he just didnt believe him. Shaking his head at his stupidity this was exactly the kind of thing his father had done to him as a kid, and he knew how the boy felt.

It was warm and flowing out of him like someone had turned on the tap and left it on. He tried to stop it but he had no more control over his body, and he sagged in relief. As he finished he found he couldn’t say anything if he tried, he only hoped the man wouldn’t tease him for this. They pulled into the petrol station and parked.

“I don’t need it anymore sir,” Harry finally whispered his throat thick with tears.

“I realize that Mr. Potter, but I figured you wanted to clean up.” Snape replied gently.

“Yes sir, I don’t want to go in there and have them see me like this.”

“Mr Potter I am a wizard am I not?” Snape asked sarcastically.

“Yes sir”

“I will spell you clean, stand by the car please.”

Harry slowly got out the car, his trousers were now a very dark blue and when he stood up his pee from the trousors ran into his shoes, it was a horrible squishy feeling. The seat in the man’s car was soaked and the floor looked like someone had wasted a liter of water in it, but the smell gave it away that it wasn’t just water. He felt the rush of warmeth from the spell as it cleaned him. He made no eye contact with his teacher, he kept his face low to the ground and scrubbed his face with the back of his hand. He was 12 as the man had pointed out, and 12 year olds do not have accidents. He got back into the car when the man finished and layed down on the back seat tears once again springing into his eyes. Covering his head with his blanket Harry softly cried himself into an uneasy sleep.

*003*2011-12-15 00:34

{{:

I loved it!

I love harry potter stories on this website! :D

}}

So do I, I'm glad you enjoyed the first Chapter

{{:

That was so awesome! I can't wait till you do more chapters! :)

}}

Me either, I love writing

*004*2011-12-15 01:17

Chapter 2

Severus sighed quietly to himself, glad that the boy had nodded off. He wasn’t deaf and he had heard the boy cry himself to sleep. Shame coursed through his body, he really did think the child was joking. He hoped Potter didn’t take to heart what he said about being 12 and able to hold it. He couldn’t believe how harsh he was with the child and all just because he naturally needed to use the loo. All he needed to add was wife and child abuser to the list and he could be his father. No what was he saying he would never hit a woman or a child for that matter. He drove along the road silently contemplating whether or not to apologize to the boy.

They had only 5 more hours until they reached his Manor but at the same time, he didn’t feel up to driving anymore. He was too tired and he didn’t want to risk getting into a crash. He pulled into a hotel, and quickly ordered 1 room with double beds. As much as he would like to have his privacy he knew already what types of trouble Potter could get into is he was left alone. Oh well he would only have to endure it for the night and by tomorrow they would be at their destination.

He looked in the backseat where the boy was still sleepy peacefully, and he found himself reluctant to wake him up. In the end he just decided that he didn’t want to have to look at those bright green eyes, that reminded him so much of his Lily. He picked the boy up amazed at how little he seemed to weigh before carrying him to their hotel room. He magically changed his clothes to pajamas before tucking the boy in. Shaking his head at that he walked into the loo to take a shower.

Harry was dreaming about a waterfall, it was random and he had no idea where he was. The only thing he was aware of was the fact that he really needed to pee. He squirmed in an effort to hold it and, and just when he thought he would explode he woke up.

“What the heck?” He woke up in semi darkness, judging by the outside he assumed it was early evening. Were they already at the Manor?

He glanced around and realized that he was in a hotel room, but where was Snape? He couldn’t think about where his teacher was for long when his reason for waking up made itself known. His bladder pulsed and he instantly grabbed himself, why did he already have to go so bad? He quickly walked over to the door that he was sure led to a bathroom and tried to the handle but it was locked. He pressed his ear to the door and heard the shower, well he’d found Snape. He bounced up and down, trying to hold it in, but he didn’t know how long his teacher was going to be. He had already wet himself once today, and he wasn’t trying to do it again, so this time he would speak up sooner. He knocked on the door with his free hand, already bending at the waist from his desperation.

“Yes?” Snape called irritated that his shower was being interuppted.

“Sir, how long are you going to be in there?” Harry asked politely trying not to moan in agony..

“I just got in about 5 minutes ago, don’t worry Potter I will save enough hot water for you.” Severus replied sarcastically, he had hoped the boy would sleep the whole night, but since when does his wishes get granted?

Harry shook his head, he didn’t care about the damn shower he wanted the toilet. He walked over to the bed and turned on the telly hoping that it would distract him. He lasted all of 6 minutes before he was standing back in front of the toilet door.

“Sir how long did you say you were going to be?” Harry asked unable to keep still for even a second. He was pacing back and forth hand firmly pressed between his legs.

“I didn’t Potter, I will be out soon. What is so important that you can’t seem to wa…” Severus trailed off as he realized what most likely was the matter. He quickly stepped out the shower and with his towel around his waist opened the door a crack to look at the child. It was just as he suspected, the boy had to pee. Desperation was clear on his face and it made him look a lot younger then 12. Already knowing what the answer was he asked the child what was wrong.

“Potter, do you need the loo?”

Harry nodded miserably, was the man going to tease him again? He gasped as a spurt almost trickled out. He could feel it trying to leak out from his tight grip on himself, and he squirmed relentlessy.

Severus sighed before fully opening the door and grabbing the child. He steered the boy by the shoulder until he was facing the toilet. Before he could even fully exit the loo, the child was already in the process of using the toilet, his audible sigh of relief punctured the silence. He shook his head, the boy really needed to learn not to wait until the very last minute to go.

I know its kinda short but I wrote it fairly quickly like in 15 minutes lol...Chapter 3 will be longer

*009*2011-12-15 19:39

{{:

I love it too :D It's great to see a multi chapter story with Harry Potter and omorashi - I've only ever been able to find oneshots. The only thing I'm thinking is it doesn't all have to be omo related. I mean, it could be great if you made this a full story with character development and perhaps some severitus? Or whatever? I just think it has great potential.

}}

You have a point, I do enjoy writing fanfic anyways lol. I dont know though, seeing as this site is like strictly omo, I dont think some of my other readers would approve. But then again one of the tags on the story and I warned there would be bedwetting, that would also give Snape and Harry a chance to bond like father/son or guardian/charge...I'll think on it ok?

We'll see

{{:

I really like your stories! One of the reasons I've made an account here!

It's good to see that there are more people who are addicted to both Harry Potter and omorashi. Keep up the good work!

}}

Thanks I will, and I'm glad you liked it

*012*2011-12-16 06:36

Chapter 3

While Harry was washing his hands, he looked in the mirror to find he was in a pair of pajamas he had never seen before. Speaking of which how did he get from the car to the bed? Did Snape carry him? He shook his head in confusion before opening the door and walking back into the room. Keeping his head low and his eyes on the floor he quickly got back into bed. He heard his teacher return to the bathroom, and then the shower was on. He was asleep before his Professor left the loo. The next morning found Harry waking up really early and dashing to the loo to take care of his morning duties.

When he walked back into the room his teacher was still asleep. Walking over to the man’s beside he stared at the man who had made his life hell for the past 2 years. Acting on impulse he stretched his finger towards the man’s nose intending to poke it to see if it would make a sound. He knew it was childish but he couldn’t help it. As he was mere inches away from touching Snape’s nose, the man spoke.

“Don’t even think about it Potter,” he said eyes still closed.

Harry said nothing, trying to figure out how the man knew what he was doing. Oh well since he didn’t know what to do, he returned to his bed and turned on the telly. 1 hour later they were on the road and back into the car, only this time Snape made him ride up front. Harry didn’t mind, the view was better in the front anyway. He ate some food from the basket and drank a little juice being careful not to drink too much. Even though he was still thirsty he did not want to end up like yesterday so he was content to remain parched. That is until Snape realized that he was going to dehydrate himself if he kept that up, and unless he wanted to get sick in the summer he would do well do drink a little more water at least. Harry fell asleep 25 minutes after he had eaten, and woke up to Snape pulling off the roadway. He felt a twinge in his bladder but it was manageable, still he wanted to know where they were.

“Are we nearly there sir?”

“Just about, we’ll be there in about 1 hour. Did you need me to stop somewhere?”

Harry blushed, and looked out the window to hide it. He only had an hour until they arrived at Snape’s Manor, and he didn’t want to get the man annoyed with him by saying yes. He would feel comfortable stopping but it wasn’t bad.

“No sir, I’m fine.”

Severus didn’t say anything he just quickly glanced to the child next to him. The boy wasn’t fidgeting or squirming in his seat so he took it as a good sign. The rest of the drive to the Manor was quiet as the boy silently stared out the window. When they had finally arrived Severus got their things from the trunk of the car before leading the child into the house.

“Wait here while I go do a sweep of the house.”

“What are you looking for sir?”

“Nothing, I just want to make sure all the wards are intact and that no dangerous artifacts are lying about. We both know what kind of trouble you can get in when tempted.”

“Oh,” Harry murmured.

While Snape went upstairs Harry gave himself a small self tour around the house. He didn’t open any doors because he wasn’t trying to get into any trouble his first day there. Not that he was trying to get into trouble, for once he was practicing caution. Entering the kitchen he grabbed the food that was in the basket and put it in the fridge. He walked back to the sitting room to find that Snape was still not back yet. Harry shuffled his feet, and shifted his weight from left to right. Now that he was standing up gravity decided it wanted to touch his bladder. He found himself looking intently at the staircase hoping the man would magically reappear.

“Professor, where are you?” Harry called up the stairs.

But if he was expecting an answer he was disappointed, for no one replied. He tried to sit down on the couch and found himself squirming even more to keep it in. Where the hell was Snape? Harry sighed angrily, he really had to pee and the man was nowhere to be found. As his bladder jolted he bolted upright from the sofa, he had already defiled the man’s car, and he had no intention of ruining his sofa, even if magic could repair it. Since no one was around to see, he ignored his pride and grabbed himself tightly between the legs. His left leg jiggled uncontrollably and the more he thought about it, the more he felt he had to go

“Oh,” he gasped as he leaked a few drops into his boxers.

He needed the toilet, maybe he could search for one. Snape couldn’t get angry with him for looking for one, could he? He lifted his right leg and then the other, but nothing seemed to be helping his current predicament. He crouched down on the ground which turned out to be a mistake because his bladder released a spurt that left a small circle of wetness near his crotch. He quickly stood back up, willing the stupid tears that were shining bright in his eyes, not to fall. He figured he could try to call Snape again, hopefully this time he would answer.

“Professor, please where are you?” He moaned out.

“Here Potter what did you need?”

“Uh... I was just wondering, what I’m supposed to be doing is all sir.” Harry lied; he was embarrassed to tell his teacher of his need, with good reason too.

Severus raised one eyebrow as he looked at the child, who he knew was indeed lying to him. What was going on? Did the boy break something? He wouldn’t put it past Potter to destroy his things.

“Did you break something Potter?” He asked cautiously.

“No sir, I haven’t touched a thing, except to put the food away.”

“Good keep it that way, now go sit quietly and I’ll come get you when I’m done.”

“How long is that going to take sir?” Harry pestered he wasn’t sure he could hold on that long.

“Why do you want to know Potter? Is there something more pressing that you need to take care of?” Severus asked as he sneered.

“No…I mean…yes…uh…never mind sir,” Harry stammered out. What was wrong with him? Why couldn’t he just admit his need and be done with it?

“Once again Potter, you are a terrible liar. Would you like to try the truth now?”

“Which door leads to the loo sir?” Harry whispered softly, half hoping that his teacher didn’t hear him, but when it seemed he didn’t hear he was distraught. Now he had to repeat what he said louder the next time.

“I didn’t hear you Potter, speak up.”

“It’s not important sir, sorry for bothering you,” Harry answered politely as he walked into the kitchen to get away from his Professor’s gaze.

He contemplated going outside in the backyard but since the Manor had wards it would alert Snape to what he was doing. For the next 25 minutes Harry did all he could to hold it, and by the time his teacher came down he was frantic with desperation.

Severus entered to the kitchen to find that the child was working himself into a state. He had his legs crossed so tight Sev was afraid that he would hurt himself. The way the boys limbs were wrapped up around him reminded him of a pretzel. Harry’s face was flaming but he couldn’t tell if it was from exhaustion or embarrassment or both. What are the odds that he gets stuck with the 12 year old who seems to be afraid to ask for the loo. Before he could say anything about what he was seeing in front of him the child spoke, or at least that what he seemed to be trying to do. In reality it came out as a bunch of garbled words that he had to strain to understand. But he guessed exactly what the boy was trying to say.

“I...need…loo Professor,” Harry stated when he saw the man in the doorway.

“Fairly bad if I’m not mistaken child. Mr. Potter, why do you wait until the last minute to inform me of your need?”

Harry shook his head vehemently; he didn’t have time for this. Didn’t Snape understand that he was 1 step away from watering the kitchen floor?

“Emergency sir, please where is it?” Harry moaned out, his motions becoming more and more anxious as he waited for an answer.

Severus didn’t really want to deal with a crying Potter again, he didn’t like the way his heart thumped painfully when he had seen those green eyes full of tears. He turned and addressed the boy who seemed to be doing all he could to hold on.

“Go past the stair, the 2nd door on the left is the toilet.”

Harry nodded that he understood the directions but he didn’t move. He knew the minute he moved his legs he was going to wet. What was he supposed to do now?

“What the hell are you waiting for Potter; I thought you urgently needed the toilet?”

“I do sir,” Harry answered back, voice full of agony.

“Then why haven’t you moved then?”

“Because I can’t sir,” Harry answer eyes down cast again.

“What do you mean you can’t Potter?”

“I can’t move my legs sir,” Harry answered and was now blushing a red so deep Severus feared he might choke.

Severus sighed audibly before slowly walking over to the boy and picking him up. He heard the boy gasp, he hoped it was from shock and not lost of bladder. He would really hate to get pee on him when he was trying to do a good thing.

“Potter, if you pee on me you will be in detention for the first month we get back to school.”

“I won’t sir,” Harry answered.

Severus walked quickly down the hall and into the toilet where he promptly deposited the boy in front of the bowl. He was starting to walk away when he heard the boy whimper, what was the blasted boy waiting for?

“Potter, you little imbecile what are you waiting for? Are you trying to have an accident?”

“No sir, I just can’t unbuckle my trousers is all.”

“Merlin please give me strength,” Severus whispered before helping the boy with his buckle.

“I…thank you sir,” Harry whispered blushing before the only sound was his liquid forcibly hitting the water.

“Couldn’t you have waited until I left the room Potter?” He said to himself not really expecting an answer before exiting the toilet.

As he waited for the boy to finish, he knew that they would need to go over some rule. Not just rules of the house, but rules regarding Potter and his toilet duties. He had to learn not to wait until the last minute. Speaking of which why did he do that in the first place?

*016*2011-12-16 18:03

{{:

Great chap :D I'm actually sort of glad that there was no full-on wetting. I love wetting, but I feel it's better for the story like this.

}}

B)

Thanks, since he already wet in the first chapter I didnt feel like he needed to do it now. Desperation is just as good sometimes lol, although I'm glad you liked it.

{{:

This chapter was excellent !

}}

Glad you enjoyed it

{{:

I totally agree with AtrumMaximus!

Do you also write stories involving Snape wetting himself? Would be really great!

}}

Hmm...No not yet, I dont wanna humilate Sev like that lol

Maybe, I'll add in a desperation scene in this for him..but I dont think I could make him fully wet.

*020*2011-12-18 03:29

Chapter 4

This is a pretty normal chapter, sorry to dissappoint anyone, but as you will see this had to happen or the story wouldnt have sounded right. The next chapter will feature the bedwetting I warned you guys about so if you dont like that...what am I saying...this is a omo site lol

Harry finished up and flushed and took his time washing his hands. He knew he was stalling but he did not want to have a talk with Snape. He knew it was only a matter of minutes before the man knocked on the door to see what taking so long. Why couldn’t he just ask like a normal person? Its natural and everybody does it right? He shook his head, Snape wouldn’t understand. The Durselys never let him go when he wanted to, he had to wait until they let him out, or when he could sneak away. How did he know that his Professor wouldn’t do the same thing they did? He breathed deeply trying to calm himself, it would do no good to hyperventilate and give the man another thing to question. Harry finally opened and the door and then flinched back strongly. Snape was standing with his fist up ready to pound it into Harry’s face who replaced the door.

“Hi sir,” Harry whispered edging himself away and around the man’s fist.

He didn’t like the way Snape narrowed his eyes at his behavior. It wasn’t his fault he just didn’t want to get hit, it was a reflex to get out of the way.

“Come Potter, we need to have a talk.”

“About what sir?” Harry asked hoping his instincts were wrong.

“About the rules of my house, and your current behavior.”

“My current behavior? But I haven’t done anything wrong yet sir.”

“You say yet Mr. Potter, were you planning on getting into trouble this summer?”

“No sir, I was just saying…” Harry trailed off knowing it was pointless to continue. He sat on the chair opposite the couch, and waited for Snape to begin.

“That’s not what I was talking about Mr. Potter; I was referring to your inability to tell someone when you need the loo. Tell me Mr. Potter, are you 12 or 6?”

Harry blushed, yup he was right and he didn’t want to talk about this, not now not ever.

“I’m sorry sir, I didn’t mean to and I won’t do it again.” Harry replied in the tone that always worked with his Uncle Vernon.

“That’s not what I asked you did I? Answer the question Potter,” Severus answered annoyance in his voice.

“I’m 12 years old sir,” Harry said deliberately not replying to the first question.

“Prove it then, answer the other question.”

“What was the question sir?” Harry asked stalling for time.

“Potter…” Snape trailed off as he glared at the child across from him.

“I didn’t want to bother you sir,” Harry stated dejectedly.

“Explain what you mean.”

“Well since I’m going to be spending the entire summer with you, I didn’t want to do something to annoy you because then you would make my life hell this summer.”

“Language Potter, you think I would get upset with you needing the loo?”

“Yes sir, I didn’t want to be a nuisance.”

“That’s the stupid thing I have ever heard you say Potter. Using the loo is natural even I use it, and I would never deny a child that right.”

“Yes sir,” Harry replied evenly. He didn’t believe the man one but he wanted this conversation over as soon as possible. His stomach was churning from all the anxiety and he didn’t like the feeling one bit.

“You are to ask me if you don’t know where the loo is. If we are eating and you need to go just ask to be excused and you can go. If we end up going somewhere, I would rather you let me know when you need the loo instead of waiting until the very last second. Is there anything else that I should know?”

No sir,” Harry answered head down in embarrassment, that was easier said then done. Everyone knows old habits die hard.

“Good”

Harry smiled that this talk was finally over or so he thought.

“You didn’t give me the whole answer, why don’t you tell anyone when you have to go. The truth this time Potter, don’t bother lying I can tell the difference.”

“I don’t have an answer to that sir, I’m sorry.”

“That’s fine; just try to break this habit of waiting until the last minute.”

“Yes sir.”

“Now come on, let me show you around the house, and your room.”

After the tour of the house when Snape left him alone in his room, Harry laid down on the bed and smiled widely, finally a room he could call his even if it was only for the summer. He unpacked his clothes and picked out a book from the bookshelf. He got so engrossed in the book that he didnt look up again until he heard Snape calling him down for dinner. He quickly washed and headed downstairs. Dinner was a quiet affair, it was odd he knew that his teacher ate of course having seen him in the Great Hall during meals, but eating with the man just seemed so personal. As he was finishing his dessert Snape finally spoke the first words since calling him to dinner.

“You are to be in bed at 9:30pm tonight, and before you protest I haven’t decided on your set bedtime. At the moment I would like to get some sleep without worrying about you being up, when I’m not.”

“Oh yes sir,” Harry knew better then to protest, it didn’t work at school and he knew it wouldn’t work here either.

He headed to the loo to take a shower, and got into his pajamas. He returned to his book on the bed, and was nearly at the end when Snape came in to tell him goodnight. This was very weird; the only thing missing was him getting tucked in. He shook his head at that absurd thought as if Snape would do that for him. Harry smiled as he dug deeper into his cozy blankets, just when he was nearly asleep his he felt a twinge in his bladder. He ignored it, many times he had to go while locked in his room and he lasted the whole night with no problem. Besides he was way too comfortable to even think about moving, so he just rolled over on his side and let sleep overtake him.

*022*2011-12-18 05:12

{{:

Yes, I think this chapter was very well placed. I think it also sets up what is to come later. I like it.

}}

Glad you do, I'm actually already almost finished with Chapter 5 lol...writing about omo comes easier to me then other fanfics...weird..the next will be here tomorow. Wow I just realized that i update every day lol

