The adventure which turned out better than planned

Author: lissa95

*000*2012-02-16 05:26

So the day began as normal day I got to get ready to go on this big adventure out in the woods. Little did I know it's was gunna turn out a lot different than I ever wanted it to be.

Before I left I had drank so much blue faygo.... ( I love that soda!). So I left my house and went to get my best friend her name is izzy. When I got her we to the woods and and an hour into the adventure I felt a pang in my bladder signaling that I had to relieve myself soon or I was going to have and accident. I decided to just blow it off and get on with the adventure to nowhere just make it up as we go along.

So another two hours went by and by then I was getting really desperate and I told izzy about it.

" izzy."

" what is it? "

" I have to pee really bad! "

Are you serious? Can you hold it? We are like way away from any bathroom!"

" I can try but I don't know how much longer! "

" ok just try!"

I held it untill a wave of desperation hit me and I started to hold my crotch alittle bit. I started to think about and I was like " HEY " I could try and hold it for as long as I could. Then the game began so I was trying to hold it until I got home but that was hours away. 45min went by and I was stopping every five min to hold myself and don't worry I told izzy what I had planned and she laughed at me.

Another half and hour went by and I could barely walk it was like a constant throbbing in my bladder. 5 min later a wave of desperation hit me so hard I spurted in my pants then I started thinking this wasn't a good idea but I was enjoying at the same time! So as I was debating in my head I wasn't paying attention to my bladder and a long stream of pee ran down my legs and luckily I was able to stop the flow and I knew I wasnt going to make it. Izzy was laughing at me when the whole thing happened and she told me to pee my pants and the thought made me almost lose control. So 10min went by and we were heading home I started to pee myself and if actually felt good with its warm stream running down my legs and it seemed to go on forever till it ended and it started to get cold. Then izzy did the unthinkable and peed herself too! And after that went home and talked about how it felt.

This is my first story and sorry if the punctuation is off and if it's not what you people are looking for but hope you guys enjoyed it

*003*2012-02-17 04:41

No this is made up but the point was to make it seem real

