Anime Omo - Soul Eater (BlackStar)

Author: heimdal

*000*2020-04-14 17:59

BlackStar shifted in his seat for the 50th time in the last 2 minutes, trying to concentrate on studying for a major exam tomorrow. After drinking what must have been a gallon of coffee to stay awake, he and Tsubaki had settled in to pull an all-nighter, or close to it. Still, at 4am the effects of the caffeine were wearing off, leaving only exhaustion and a bladder that felt like it was the size of a balloon. Tsubaki, ever looking out for her meister, had tried to point out that BlackStar should take a pee break. This had mortified the cocky teen, who had proudly proclaimed that a star like him didn’t to take bathroom breaks, and that he would hold it as long as needed, thank you very much. Tsubaki had just sighed and returned to her books. That was an hour ago, and now BlackStar was so desperate it was getting hard to concentrate, still though, he couldn’t get up and go as long as Tsubaki was there; he refused to look weak in front of his weapon.

Eventually Tsubaki decided that it was time for bed, mixing both of them a drink with a mild sleep aid to help them get a few hours of rest before the exam (at the thought of yet another drink, BackStar groaned inwardly). To make matters worse, she then fell asleep on the couch…right next to the bathroom. Blackstar was considering going anyways, but the drink was making him so sleepy, sleepy enough to forget his bladder and climb into bed.

Stein started handing out the exams to a startled BlackStar, who wasn’t entirely sure how he had got there. In that moment he could only think two things (1) he was screwed for this test and (2) HE HAD TO PEE SO FRIGGIN BAD. He couldn’t focus on the exam, he couldn’t focus on anything really, except the insane need to give his aching bladder some release. Come on BlackStar he thought, trying to psych himself up, you’re a teenager for Christ’s sake, just get a grip and take the exam. As if in protest, BlackStar’s bladder released a tiny amount of pee, leaking into his boxers.

BlackStar stifled a gasp as he felt the dampness spread, unbidden, under his desk. Suddenly worried that he might actually pee himself in front of his classmates, BlackStar decided to just take the F and get out of there. He scribbled, gathered himself, and strolled confidently to the front of the room. The rest of the students were in total shock that he had finished in 10 minutes, and BlackStar turned and gave them a cocky grin and thumbs up before strutting out of the class. As soon as he was in the vacant hallway he dropped the act and danced in place like a 5 year old, thank God no one is here he thought as he frantically made his way to the bathroom. Reaching the urinal he whipped his member out and let it rip, it felt AMAZING, but also wrong somehow, why did he feel…

BlackStar woke up with a jolt, face down and pissing full force through his pants and into his mattress. The relief was replaced quickly with total panic. He was pissing the bed, oh God he wet the bed. BlackStar had never wet the bed before, and he was beyond mortified to have had an accident at 14. Just then he heard a knock on the door and Tsubaki burst in, intent on waking him up for the exam. BlackStar quickly covered himself, but not before Tsubaki caught a glimpse of the soaking sheets and had a guess at what happened.

“oh BlackStar” she closed her eyes and sighed. She felt terrible for him, but he always brought these situations on himself. She was startled to see him fighting back tears, she had never seen the proud boy cry before. She walked over and put her arm around him, gently offering to help him clean up before the test. BlackStar changed into some different pants in silence, and the two of them walked out into the chill morning towards the classrooms, closer than before.

