Blaze Explodes (Blaze the Cat)

Author: HerpSlurp

*000*2015-10-22 06:21

"Come on! Why can't I go in first?"

Blaze the cat and Sliver the hedgehog stood outside of the comparatively massive door, corroded away with rust and overtaken with vines. Silver couldn't help but look frustrated at his feline friend, whom herself looked frustated at the hedgehog's whining.

"It's too dangerous, Silver," Blaze respites. "Eggman used it as a hideout before the Freedom Fighters drove him out of it. While they did recover as many of his devices as they could, there's no saying that they got all of it. For all we know, some of his technology could still be active in there!"

"Rotor told me that there was nothing left after they went through it! There's no way on Mobius that Eggman could still have some of his gear in there! Come on, Blaze! I can take care of myself!"

Blaze put a hand to her forehead, rubbing it softly.

"Yes, I know, Silver. But, the fact of the matter is that this is EGGMAN we're talking about. Who knows what he could still have cooking in there?"

"Blaze-"

The pyrokinetic princess sighs.

"Listen," she retorts. "I'll go in there and check to see if there's anything immediately dangerous. If I find anything, I'll call out for you, okay?"

"Fine," Silver says, groaning.

He huffs, crossing his arms and turning about face to the door as Blaze walks past him towards the elderly entryway. It takes her only a moment to engulf her hand in flames, running it over the thick layers of vegetation and soon pushing the door open as the last cinders of the previously present plant life evaporate into the breeze.

She enters, unaware of what lies within...

Despite the practically rotting exterior, the interior of the hideout proved itself to be better well kept...despite a serious need of an electrician. Regardless, Blaze continued forth into the bowels of the ghostly-silent facility, snapping her fingers early on, her right thumb acting as a miniature torch.

The cat made her way through empty hall after empty hall, each containing either empty rooms or the shattered remains of robots past. Yet, as strange as it was, there was a single element that remained dominant throughout the rooms. A familiar, yet horribly unexpected smell in the environment given...

Baby powder...

She was sure that her nose was playing tricks on her, but oddly enough, the smell seemed to parambulate throughout the facility. Blaze eventually shrugged it off, yet the confusion as to what Eggman needed with baby powder of all things remained until she managed to make it to the central chamber of the entire outfit.

It was rather small, in comparison to the size of the building. It was circular, the ceiling domelike in nature. No doors, no windows, and the scent of baby powder seemed to be surprisingly nonexistant. The room was practcally as dark as the endless abyss of the cosmos, with the only exception being the light coming from Blaze...and the spotlight mere feet before her.

She walks foreward towards the lone light in the darkness, noting the vertical device basking in the light. It was clyndrical, the base being a pure metal covered in dials and buttons...all unlabeled, of course. It grew upwards, eventually hitting a spherical point.

Thoughts of confusion and fear ran through her head at a million miles per hour, the memory of what Silver said ringing in her ears.

Rotor said there was nothing left after they went through the base...

Yet, here this was.

Blaze soon made her way to the pylon, the air completely still. She lays a single hand on the device...

And that's when things went bad.

The lights immediately flicked into life as the loud whirring of motors overtook the silence by storm. The lights on the pylon immediately start blinking sporadically. Blaze is taken aback for a moment, immediately trying to run away from the seemingly omnipresent death trap, before the first in a series of odd things happened.

From the ceiling, two gloved hands attached to seemingly endless mechnical limbs descend, making a direct bee line towards Blaze.

"What the-"

The twin hands eventually clasp onto Blaze's arms, the grip extremely firm...yet comfortable. She struggles to escape their grip for a moment, finding her efforts to incinerate the frightening fingers utterly...fruitless?

Before she can contemplate why her powers have failed her, a very familiar voice rings out over the intercom, promptly giving shivers down the feline's spine.

"Well, well, well...what do we have here?"

"What do you want with me, Eggman? You know what I can do!"

"Oh, yes. I assuredly know what you're about to do, and I've already taken precautions...can't make a mess all over the floor now, can't we?"

"Make a mess? Wh-wh-"

Blaze suddenly found it harder to concentrate as a full swarm of gloved hands fell from the ceiling with an immediate speed to them, each carrying various...baby supplies?

She confusedly tries to ponder just what is going on to her as the hands start to take off her pants, promptly replacing the cloth garment with a diaper of all things, thick and white as a cloud, the only exceptions of this plain color being a pink tape landing area and matching tapes...along with the madman's insignia plastered onto the crotch.

"What are you doing to me, Eggman?!?" Blaze semi-wearily replies as a hand proceeds to pour copius amounts of baby powder into her fresh new nappy.

"It's fairly simple, Princess. You see, you have the ability of pyrokinesis. I've seen your power up close and personal, and frankly, dear...you've become too strong. So, with that in mind, I've decided to break out an old prototype for a device I meant to use on Princess Sally. On the bright side, it'll sap your pyrokinetic energies out like a sponge in water..."

The hand finishes pouring powder as he speaks, giving Blaze a slap on her padded butt, causing a bit of powder to errupt from her padding into the air, and an awkward look on her face.

The hands all pull back into the ceiling as he finishes speaking...including the ones restraining the now crinkly kitty. Blaze stands there awkwardly, looking down at her diaper. An audible crinkling emerges as she tries to put her legs together. She feels some air rush slightly as she pokes at the Eggman sigil on her padding, her finger somewhat sinking into the overly poofy Pampers. Her look is uncertain, the pylon mudding her thoughts with mental fog as thick as...well, the thing currently strapped to her butt. She tries to take a few steps, unsteadily waddling as her audible outer-underwear makes itself known with every step. The vague thought of trying to escape passes her thought...yet the strange feeling in her tummy proves to be more important to her.

"On the down side...well...I'm sure you'll be finding out in a few moments...Ciau!"

The intercom clicks off, ending the the ramblings of the mad doctor...however, there were more pressing matters for the Princess.

Blaze starts to hug her stomach as the funny feeling continues to increase with every audible grumble, her desperation for this horrible sensation to finally end growing with every second. She tries harder and harder to hold in what seemed to be in a hurry to escape her body like a bullet train. Occasional farts, loud and slightly muffled by her diaper, start slipping out as she tries to pull her legs together. The farts and tummy rumbles grew stronger and stronger as the formerly-pyrokinetic princess desperately tried to hold back in the oncomng storm, Heaven and Hell were practically waging war in her bowels, everything ached, and then..

Pandora's box opened.

It started with a simple stream of pee, flowing continuously into her diaper like a minature floodgate. Her legs feel like jelly as it keeps coming in at full force, her Pampers gulping it up like a Mobian in the desert who had come across an oasis. Her tail slowly starts to curl up under the diaper, which had started to swell up, becoming a cloudy yellow. Blaze felt a cocktail of emotions as her cheeks turned bright red, her hands unsure of what to do as she had wet herself like a 2-year-old.

Then, the fun came around. Before she can realize it, her tail shoots back up into the air, stiff as a rod. She squats down, quickly realizing what the pressure was leading to. She continues to flood her diaper as she begins to drop a massive load, almost completely without any control of what was going on. She slightly reels back as the thick, brown mass starts unloading itself out of her and into the butt of her Luvs. It starts piling up in the padding as Blaze is occasionally forced to push more of the smelly gunk out. Loud farts, almost sounding as if they were unmuffled, made way for continuous streams of poop that poked and prodded at the padding before falling to the pile within.

Blaze's diaper continued to bulge and expand, to the point where she had simply stopped paying attention to the rapidly bulging butt pillow swaddled around her waist. She almost feels relief in this moment, happy to be rid of the pain and suffering the waste was building inside of her, yet she holds her hands to her chest, occasionally clenching her fists in order to push out what would become another lump in her nappy. Her face is as red as a tomato as she stops for a moment, the flow seemingly done...only for it to require a rather large push.

Grunts and minutes of effort on excavating the caverns of her intestines lead to an absolutely massive fart, almost as loud as an explosion, followed by her machine gunning the insides of her Pampers with even more force and consistency. Her peeing only seems to keep going in time with her poop. She squats once again, hoping for some sort of relief from her relief.

This continues on for what seems like an eternity to the padded princess, only for a savior to arise.

"Blaze!"

Silver flies his way into the room, as Blaze drops another load in surprise, it addng another lump to her stupendiously-stocked diaper.

"I heard a loud noise outside and I..."

He stops for a moment, trying to comprehend just what has happened to his comerade.

"...Blaze?!?"

Blaze "stood" there, her face in a combination of shock, discomfort, and relief. Her diaper was absolutely massive, having tuned to a near-solid brown color with a white-ish tint, the upper part of her padding a clearly visible yellow. It was bulging in almost every possible way, used so much to the point where it had hit the floor and was currently growing out under the bog-butted feline at a consistent pace.

"Are yo-"

She's busy attempting to squat in her magnificently massive Luvs, her hands on her diaper in an attempt to find a solid surface to push upon. She gestures behind her, at the pylon.

Despite the massive stink, Silver puts two and two together. He quickly holds out his hand towards the infernal contraption as a light blue-ish green aura glows around it. He balls his hand into a fist, causing the thing to crush itself into a ball of scrap metal.

A final look of relief appears on her face as she finally empties out the last of the pylon-induced waste out of her body, falling asleep as a final climatic fart escapes her butt. Her tail finally lowers, as her padding stops growing, now a gigantic, squishy, smelly blob taped to her. She slumps back, not exactly falling over as the padding keeps her upright.

Silver looks in shock, closing his nose with his hand.

"Blaze...What happened?"

He looks about Blaze, peacefully snoring as her feet occasionally swing off the floor, and can't help but notice the muddied red insignia on the front...

He clenches his fist in recognition.

"Eggman..."

He knew what he had to do. His enemy had finally striked his closest friend, reducing her to the equivalent of an infant, peacefully sleeping in her own waste. He had to take action, immediately...

Another loud fart escaped from Blaze's mushy bottom.

But first, he had to get his friend changed.

A fact easier said, than done.

