The Hostage

Author: Quackduck

*000*2019-06-04 03:32

Charlotte sat as upright as a flagpole at the back table in a coffee shop. She wore a grey pantsuit and her hair tightly tied up in a bun. She’d been there for three hours. Every time the barista came by and asked if she was ready for the check, she refused and ordered something else as to not arouse suspicion, though she knew that it wasn’t normal to sit in a coffee shop by yourself for hours on end. People were talking, no doubt. The last thing she needed was attention. Too many cups of coffee and small crumbcakes later, her heart was beating fast and her bladder was so full that it was in constant pain. She fidgeted, but not just from desperation. She was incredibly anxious over her guest being late.

Charlotte checked her phone. The last update was an hour ago, when he said he would be there as soon as he could. The only restroom in the shop was employees only, but he could arrive at any moment, so she couldn’t leave the shop for any reason. She sighed and tensed her thighs in response to her bulging, overfull bladder that pulsed agonizingly against her tight clothing. She needed to piss so bad. She wished he’d hurry up and get there already. She couldn’t remember a time where she needed relief this urgently.

The bell on the door rang. Her guest had arrived.

”What happened?” she hissed.

”Something came up,” he muttered.

”Well, let’s just get this over with.” She took an envelope from her pocketbook and handed it to him, which he slid into his coat pocket. “It’s a list of names. Three or so.” She looked him in the eye. “By Friday.” He returned a stone cold look.

”How much?” he asked.

”One hundred twenty thou. The party emphasized Friday.” She crossed her legs, trying to hide that her need was an emergency.

”I’ll get it done,” he said, getting up.

”Wait! We can’t both leave at the same time!”

”Then you leave after me,” he sneered, then left. She sat there, still filled with an enormous amount of liquid that tortured her insides. She crossed her legs the other way and held her breath, focusing on keeping the dam closed. She watched him get into the passenger seat of a red car, but it didn’t leave. It just sat there.

“Why isn’t he leaving?” she groaned to herself after a few minutes of waiting, her bloated belly pulsing with piss. She discreetly pushed her knuckles in between her legs, wanting any kind of relief she could get.

The car was still there almost twenty minutes after that, but she couldn’t take it anymore. Every cup of coffee she’d drank had made its way to her bladder. It hurt so badly she couldn’t think. Risky or not, she needed to empty herself before she exploded. She wiped beads of sweat from her forehead and forced herself to her feet. She composed herself as much as she could as she paid for her things, then thanked the barista as she hobbled out the door. She made it across the parking lot with no leakage. As soon as she was inside her car, she squeezed herself with her left hand and hurriedly jammed the key in the ignition. A knock on her window startled her and nearly made her leak.

“Get out,” the man said. It was her guest from before. A cold, anxious feeling formed in the pit of her stomach. She took the key out and did what she was told, grimacing at the pain in her howling tummy. She got into the back seat, where a man had a gun pointed at her. Charlotte was trembling from head to toe.

“Where did you get these names?” the man asked as the car began to move.

“T-The third party,” she whimpered.

“And who is that?” he grumbled impatiently.

“I- I can’t-“

“Who is it?” he nearly shouted.

“I don’t know their name! I’m just the messenger. Jeremy knows the names.” She tensed her thighs. She needed to pee so badly. All she wanted more than anything was to relieve herself, but at the moment she feared for her life.

“You know where to find Jeremy then, right?”

She nodded. “Take us to him.”

“He lives in Armington, on the southside.”

“Take us to him,” he growled. She gulped. It was nearly a two hour car ride.

“You’re going the wrong way. Armington’s north. Take 76.”

“I can get to Armington. Just tell me where to find him when we get there.”

“Can I ask what this is all about?”

He didn’t answer. They drove in silence for a little over half an hour. By then, Charlotte was in extraordinary pain. Her bladder was so filled with coffee that it felt like it was going to tear. It bulged out of her like a melon. Every bump and turn made the massive amount of urine slosh around in her belly. Her legs were locked tightly together and she was gripping her pants so hard that her knuckles were turning white. She hadn’t leaked at all, though. She managed to keep every drop of liquid inside of her, even if it was torture. They’d been driving through the almost barren desert for a long time, and she’d made up her mind to face her fears and ask for a toilet break as soon as the opportunity arose. It did. A sign that read “1000 FEET- EXIT 36: FOOD, LODGING” passed by.

“C-Can you stop at a restroom at this next exit, please?” she asked with a shaky voice. There was no response. She felt like crying. “Please, I really need to relieve myself.”

“You’re just gonna run away as soon as you’re out of sight,” one of the men grumbled.

“I won’t, I swear! I have nowhere to go!”

They drove past the exit. She groaned in misery, doubling over as her searing bladder screamed in agony. “Please, it’s an emergency. I really- I can’t-“ she had to hold back tears. It hurt so bad. Charlotte was worried that she was doing actual damage to her organs at this point. It felt like there was a bowling ball in her stomach.

“I think we need to stop somewhere,” one of the men said. “It’s better than a wet car seat.”

The driver grumbled something and pulled over to the side of the road. She almost protested, as she was far too dignified to pee outside, but the pain was excruciaShe rushed to climb out, but the man next to her grabbed her arm tightly.

“Try anything funny, you’ll regret it. Nothing out here but desert.”

Charlotte squirmed in her seat, pulling her trembling arm away.

“Ah!” she whimpered as she climbed out, urine sloshing around inside her. She rushed to undo her belt with shaking hands, doubled over and fidgeting. One of the men came around the car and guarded her.

“At least turn around!” she said, halting the process for a moment. She needed to piss so badly she was on the verge of tears, but she still had some dignity. The man rolled his eyes and turned around. Charlotte pulled her pants down to her knees and squatted down.

The ground remained dry.

Her bladder was absolutely searing as it was squished against her thighs, but her urethra was clamped tight. She took a deep breath and tried to relax, but she was too uncomfortable in her surroundings. On top of being held hostage in a car with three dangerous men, she’d never relieved herself outside before. She closed her eyes and focused on emptying the gallons of hot piss she had contained inside her. It took a while, but she eventually began leaking a bit. It trickled slowly out of her tingling pussy, granting her very little relief. Something was better than nothing, though.

“You done yet?” one of the men asked.

“Give me a minute,” she said, annoyed, her pathetic stream faltering.

“Well, hurry up.”

“I need a toilet! I can’t go outside like this.”

“Get her back in the car,” the driver said. “I’m tired of waiting.”

“No, please!” she pleaded, stemming the stream and pulling her pants up as fast as she could. “I really can’t hold it! I need to go!”

She was shoved into the car. She didn’t button her pants since she was still in serious pain. Her breath was bated and her hand was in between her legs as the car began driving again.

Twenty minutes later, she was drenched in sweat. Every time she breathed in, it felt like her bladder was under pressure. Her knees were brought up, both hands were squeezing her crotch, and her head was rested back exhaustedly. She was on the verge of tears.

“I can’t take it anymore,” she muttered, watching another exit sign come and go. “My bladder hurts so bad it feels like it’s gonna burst.” There was no response. She held back a choked, pained sob. “I- If you don’t stop at a toilet I don’t know what’s going to happen.” She wondered if her bladder could actually explode. Her pussy was tingling and her urethra was burning. Her stomach bulged out against her legs. Still, the men ignored her. The driver hit a pothole. It jarred her bloated belly, sending shockwaves of pain throughout her abdomen as the enormous amount of piss sloshed around inside her.

She whimpered, bit into her knuckle, and started to cry. Ten minutes after that, the first leak happened. Charlotte gasped and squeezed harder, her urethra burning hot as the sun. She groaned miserably and doubled over, biting hard into the seat in front of her. A little while after that, it happened again, but with more force. She was starting to lose control. The third time, the leak turned into a forceful stream, which she tried her hardest to stop.

“Ah! Owww...” Her legs convulsed in the effort to stop. Urine was pooling around her butt and leaking down her legs. By the time she finally managed to stop, she was completely drenched in pee, but there continued to be a searing pain in her still overfull bladder, which agonizingly ached as bad as it did in the coffee shop.

“Uh,” the man next to her said, “I think we really do need to stop at a bathroom.” He seemed almost sympathetic to her situation.

The driver glanced in the rearview mirror. “The damage is already done,” he said.

“I- I still—“ Charlotte started, but didn’t finish. It was no use. She writhed in desperation, the wet fabric of her pants and underwear sticking uncomfortable to her skin. Her face was flushed red from the humiliation of having to sit in a puddle of her own urine like this. She shut her eyes and winced as he hit another pothole.

About ten minutes after that, the driver began asking for directions to Jeremy’s house. She tried to keep the pain out of her voice, but it was in vain. The agony she felt from her intense need to urinate was almost unbearable. When they arrived, the two men in front got out of the car.

“Make sure she doesn’t try anything while we’re gone,” one of them said.

“I’m not going?” she asked, “wait, I have- I have to go. I need to use the bathroom. I really can’t hold it the whole drive back—“

They shut the door on her. She groaned, squeezing herself and leaning her head into the headrest in front of her. Her bloated belly pressed into her wrists.

“I don’t know if this will help,” the man next to her said, dumping a gatorade bottle out the window. The sound of splashing liquid against pavement made her cringe. He handed her the empty bottle. “Can you use this?”

Charlotte hesitated. She didn’t want to pull her pants down in front of him, but she also didn’t want to wet herself again, and she wanted relief more than anything else in the world. She took the bottle and skinned her pants down just enough so that she could hold it between her legs. Her ass and thighs glistened with urine. The poor, desperate girl took a deep breath, closed her eyes, and focused on relaxing her muscles. This was even worse than peeing outside, though, and the huge amount of pee remained contained within her small, trembling body. She glanced over at the man and caught him looking. He quickly diverted his gaze, and Charlotte turned an even deeper shade of red.

After a few minutes of awkward silence, she spoke. “W-what is all this about?” She struggled to talk through her need to urinate. “Why am I here?”

The man stared out the window. “The people on that sheet are members of an organization we have a partnership with.” He went into no further detail.

“Will Jeremy be okay?”

He nodded his head.

“Will I be okay?”

He looked her in the eyes. “As long as you do what you’re told.”

She couldn’t keep the fear out of her face. He looked down at the bottle she was holding. “And if you don’t piss soon, I’m taking that back. I could get into trouble for helping you like this.”

“I can’t. I- I-“ she began to cry. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t release even a single drop of pee. It hurt so badly. The walls of her bladder were stretched so far beyond her normal capacity that it felt like it was pressing on her other organs. “I need a toilet,” she sobbed. “Not a bottle and not the ground.”

“This is what you got. It’s all I can do. I don’t want to sit here smelling your piss any more than you want to have to hold it.”

“I’m in so much pain. Isn’t there anything you can do?”

His face suddenly turned to fear. The other men were coming back. “Pull your pants up.” She hesitated. “Now! Or we’re both dead!”

She pulled her pants up and dropped the bottle to the ground. She continued to cry. She couldn’t help it. The pain she was feeling was unbearable. She held herself for the small amount of comfort it gave, not to keep her pee in. If she could completely wet herself, she would do it in a heartbeat. One of the men opened her door, but didn’t let her out.

“He told us the names,” he said, “but he didn’t know where to find them. He said you know that.”

She nodded, squirming a bit.

“Why don’t you tell me why you didn’t just tell us that in the first place and saved us two hours?” He was almost shouting. Charlotte stuttered. A wave of desperation caused her to wince and grip herself harder. The man’s eyes flicked down to her bloated belly. He suddenly drove his fist hard into her bulge, causing her to cry out in agony, tears streaming down her face. He kept his fist there, pushing it further into her stomach. The pain was blinding. She tried in vain to push his arm away, but the torturous feeling of his knuckles pressing down on her overfilled tummy drained her of her strength.

“Please-“ she begged, “s-stop!”

“Let her go,” the driver said, “we’ve lost enough time already.”

He took his arm back and slammed her door. She still felt the ghost of his hand on her belly, as if it were still there. Her bladder spasmed unnaturally, irregularly palpitating like a damaged heart. She felt scared to move, lest she hurt herself even more. The car began to move.

“Leonard Miller. Where can we find him?” the driver asked. Charlotte didn’t respond. She was crying, and actually trying to pee herself.

“You shouldn’t have hit her, man,” the man next to her said.

“I’ll hit her again if she doesn’t start talking!”

“Goddamnit, I’m tired of this!” The driver turned into a gas station. “Somebody go with her. Make sure she doesn’t do anything stupid.”

The man who sat next to her got out and opened the door for her. She shakily got out, doubled over and cradling her burning bladder. She hobbled slowly into the gas station and went straight to the one-person bathroom. The man waited outside.

Although the feeling of the man’s fist in her stomach had subsided, the unbearable aching of her urine-filled organ was still searing. She sat down on the toilet and took a deep breath, ready to finally empty herself of the gallons of piss she had been holding for so long. She sat there in silence, though. She was still locked down tight.

Charlotte felt scared now. What damage had been done? She started to cry again, massaging her bursting belly. Her hands were shaking with immense pain, and her urethra stung badly. ‘Maybe if I run the sink, it will be easier to find relief,’ she thought. She looked over at it and saw a small window above the mirror. It was then she felt a different kind of fear. It wasn’t the deep dread she felt for her damaged bladder, though it still screamed to be drained. It was mixed with anticipation and adrenaline. She put her immense need to urinate to the side for a minute and stood on the sink. She pushed the window open with a loud, rusty creak. It led out to behind the building, which was perfect. It wasn’t very big, though. She hoped to god she could fit through.

She jumped up and dug her nails into the dirt, squeezing her body through the small opening. Her bladder squished against it, causing her to groan miserably, but she managed to get through. Then she took off as fast as she could, liquid sloshing around inside of her. She ran for a long time, not stopping for any reason, until she was blocks away from the men. It wasn’t until a particularly painful wave of desperation caused her to double over that she finally stopped running, panting and sweating, and still full of fluid. It was then she began to cry again.

“You good?” someone asked. Charlotte looked up and saw a skinny blond girl in a crop top, short shorts, and high heels.

“I- I dont-“

“Are you hurt?”

Charlotte didn’t know how to respond. “I’m not hurt,” she said, struggling to compose herself. “Could you tell me where a bathroom is?”

“It seems like it’s too late for that,” the girl said, looking at the dark patch on Charlotte’s pants. She turned bright red.

“I can’t- I still have to-“ she stuttered, her legs shaking a bit as she felt herself start to leak. It gradually grew to a more powerful stream until urine was forcefully hissing out of her. She didn’t fight it. She closed her eyes and sighed in relief as her bursting bladder finally drained into her pants, completely soaking the fabric right down to her shoes. It streaked black down her legs and butt. Golden liquid began to escape from her drenched pants and patter to the pavement, forming a puddle that travelled down the sidewalk and into the gutter. Her belly bulge was deflating like a balloon. Finally emptying herself of the ocean of piss that she was holding was absolute bliss. Her stream finally trickled to a stop after what seemed like an eternity of pissing.

“Damn,” the girl said, “you ruined your pants.”

“I don’t even care,” Charlotte said. She echoed that sentence in her head to keep from crying from the humiliation.

“You really had to go,” the girl looked at the river of urine that travelled from beneath Charlotte. “That’s so much piss! Why were you holding so much?”

“It’s a long story,” she muttered, leaking a little more pee.

“I have clothes you can borrow.”

“Thanks.” She followed the girl to her car.

“I’m Amber by the way.”

“I’m Charlotte,” she half-smiled at her. “Are you sure I can sit down? I don’t want to ruin your seat.”

“Just take off your pants and dry your butt.”

She hesitated, but seeing as the other option was two hours of public transport back to her house, she did as she was told. She wore a black thong. She put a sweatshirt around her waist when they went into her apartment building.

“You can shower if you want,” Amber said when they got inside. As Charlotte stood under the warm water, the reality of her situation hit her hard. She’d have to skip town. She may never see Jeremy again, if he was even still alive. When she finished her shower, she came out and found Amber on the couch, sitting oddly on her foot.

“Hey,” Amber greeted, looking almost surprised.

“You said you had clothes...?”

“Oh right!” She hopped off the couch and looked around in the laundry basket, stepping around and squirming.

“You alright?” Charlotte asked.

She giggled. “I know why you were holding.”

Charlotte gave her a weird look.

“You don’t have to deny it,” Amber said, “I’m into it too.”

“What are you talking about?”

“Omorashi. Why else would you have been holding it for so long? And waited until someone was right there to wet yourself?” She pulled on the hem of her shorts.

“I’m not judging you, but that’s not was I was doing.”

Amber’s cheeks turned red. “Oh. What were you doing?”

She sighed. She felt like she needed to talk to someone. It’s not like she had much to lose anymore. She sat on the couch and explained everything, starting from the beginning, about how she was an operative for an assassination agency that had turned against her, all the way up to the hours of bladder torture she’d been forced to endure. By the time she finished, Amber was sitting on her heel and she was gripping the sides of her shorts.

“Wow,” she muttered.

“Do you need to go to the bathroom?” Charlotte asked.

Amber shook her head. “I can’t stand up right now,” she said casually. “Either you’re insane or you need to get out of town quick.”

“I don’t really care if you don’t believe me, I just needed to get that off my chest.”

“Do you have anywhere to go?”

Charlotte shook her head. Amber winced and tapped herself between the legs before jumping up and rushing to the bathroom. She stopped outside the door, stepping and squirming in place.

“I can help you if you want,” she said, “give you a ride somewhere or something.”

“Thanks,” Charlotte said as the bathroom door closed, but she didn’t know where she’d go. Amber’s urine stream was long and hard, loudly splattering against the toilet water and porcelain.

After Charlotte got dressed and they got in the car, the only direction she could give Amber was “far from here.” So with that, she started over.

To Be Continued

*005*2019-06-05 14:29

Charlotte felt out of place, not only because of her difficult situation. She felt scared and unsure of what she’d do in the long run, or where she’d go. On top of that, the clothes that Amber had given her made her feel stupid. On top of the fact that Amber was a good two sizes smaller than her, she was also far more promiscuous. Her tank top, which had a rainbow on it, fit uncomfortably tight on Charlotte’s breasts. She also had sweatpants with no underwear.

“I really don’t know where I’m going here, man,” Amber said as she drove out of city lines.

“If you just get me to a motel I’ll be fine. After some time I’ll go back to my house and get some cash.”

“How much do you have?”

“1.4 million.”

“Jesus Christ!” Amber exclaimed, swerving a bit.

Charlotte awkwardly pulled on the front of her sweatpants. “I mean, I didn’t work with that organization because I liked it. It honestly gave me a lot of anxiety.”

“Yeah, I know but... 1.4 million. Where do you keep it?”

“Under my mattress.”

“That’s the worst place to keep it!” Amber said, “that’s where everyone hides their money! If I were robbing you, that’s the first place I’d check!”

“Nobody’s gonna rob me.”

“You don’t know that! You have to get that money back quick, Charlotte.”

“Okay, they’re definitely watching my house. As soon as I step foot in my neighborhood, they’re gonna take me again.”

There was a pause. “What if I went?”

The first thing Charlotte thought of was how dangerous that would be for Amber. She didn’t want her to get hurt. The second thing was that she might be trying to steal her money. She shook the second thought out of her head and said “I don’t think that’s a good idea. Anyone going into my house would get their attention.”

“Well, how much do you have now?”

Charlotte checked her pockets, then felt a cold nervousness in her chest. Her purse was in her car in the parking lot of the coffee shop, and her pants were urine-stained and in the garbage at Amber’s apartment.

“Uh-“ she stuttered.

“Do you not have anything?”

Charlotte didn’t answer.

“Dude, I can get you some money from your house. I promise, I’ll be in and out in less than two minutes.”

She hesitated. “If you go in through the back. You can get to the backyard off a dirt road. Make sure nobody sees you. Absolutely no one. If someone does, just keep walking and forget about it. There’s a spare key under the mat at the sliding glass door.” She wrote down her address on a napkin and gave it to Amber.

“I’ll get it, I promise. I’ll just fill a duffel bag or something.”

Charlotte was silent, and filled with anxiety. She took deep, quiet breaths to keep from panicking.

“I’ll lend you some money for a motel tonight,” Amber said, “then I’ll come back in the morning with the bag, okay?”

Charlotte nodded. Some time later, when it was beginning to get dark, she pulled into a rather seedy looking motel off the side of the road. When she had gotten her room and was about to leave, Amber hugged her. She thought it was weird, but she half-hugged her back.

“Tomorrow morning,” Amber said as she left. “I promise!”

Charlotte laid in her bed that night staring at the ceiling. The events of that day played over and over in her head. She felt an uncomfortable fullness build up in her bowels, as coffee was a natural laxative and she’d had far more than she needed. She got up and went to the bathroom, only to find it absolutely disgusting. The toilet had some kind of undistinguishable gunk on it. Charlotte squirmed a bit, really needing to use the toilet, but she couldn’t bring herself to do it. She went under the sink and found cleaning supplies. She sprayed and wiped down the toilet seat with clorox, all while writhing and bouncing, trying to keep it all in. As soon as she finished, she hurriedly yanked her sweatpants down and sat down on the toilet, immediately emptying herself. She sighed over the sound of her relief and slight urination.

With some of the money Amber had lent her, she bought herself a large soda from a vending machine outside. She drank it while watching TV, keeping her mind off what happened that day, as she slowly drifted to sleep.

Charlotte woke up just as the sun was peeking over the horizon because she really needed to pee. The soda she’d drank was very large, and had travelled to her bladder during the night. She rolled on her back and lifted her shirt, looking at her bulge which protruded out of her belly like a small melon. She urgently needed to urinate, so badly that she felt like she needed her hands between her legs. It reminded her of the coffee shop and the car ride with the bad men. Her eyes were heavy with the desire for more sleep, but she was holding a lot of liquid inside her. She lifted the sweatpants up and looked at her bare pussy. On any other day, she would have got up to use the restroom, but she thought about how long she was able to hold it in the car. Instead of going, she rolled onto her side and went back to sleep.

When she woke up about an hour later, she needed to go. Her piss-filled organ pulsed heavily with the dire need for release. She held herself with both hands and rolled onto her back again, feeling the urine slosh around inside her as she did so. “Fuck, I have to piss so bad!” she said aloud to no one. “It’s starting to hurt,” she muttered as she prodded at her swollen bladder. She rolled over on her belly, squishing her piss bulge against the mattress. She groaned into her pillow before falling back asleep.

The next time she woke up, it was like waking up mentally as well as physically. Many hours had passed since she was last awake and she knew for a fact that she shouldn’t hold it any longer. She was in serious pain and had sweat a lot in her sleep. Her bladder was enormous with the vast amount of urine it contained. She didn’t know how she’d explain it to Amber if she peed in her sweatpants. She tried to get up to rush to the toilet, but her screaming need to pee wouldn’t allow her to stand. She had both hands inside her sweatpants and was squeezing herself intermittently, trying to relieve herself of some of the pressure. She tried to get out of bed again and spurted into her palms. She winced, scooting back and forth and grinding her crotch into the bed. She yanked her sweatpants down as she felt another small leak travel out of her urethra.

Charlotte certainly didn’t want to wet someone else’s clothes if it came to that. She kicked them off her ankles and sat there, naked from the waist down, squirming and writhing desperately with both hands grabbing at herself. Her belly was stretched taut with her overfilled bladder, which pulsed and throbbed agonizingly. Holding herself as hard as she could, she jumped off the bed and ran to the toilet, leaking the whole way. She burst as soon as her butt hit the lid, moaning a bit in relief. She felt the splash-back of her powerful stream on her thighs. With no pants, she could see her bladder deflate as the urine drained from her body like a tap. Once she was finished, she pulled the sweatpants back on and checked the time. It was about noon. Amber would be back any minute.

To be continued...

*012*2019-06-30 03:38

{{On 6/5/2019 at 11:57 AM, Alex Oxford said:

I like the development here! Are we gonna hear more from Amber on her desperation?

Also, I really like the #2 desperation you threw in there, it’d be cool to see a longer sequence of that do you have any other stories with that in there?

}}

I have a few stories with #2 desperation, but the most prominent would probably the second part of “Germaphobe” in my Unfinished Stories blog. It’s unedited, but it’s got a pretty long scene where she really needs to poop.

{{On 6/28/2019 at 9:00 PM, Dtravis said:

I don't want to sound rushing, but can we expect next chapter soon, please? It's one of my favorite multi-chaptered stories that going on now.

}}

Yes! Part 3 will be up sometime in the next few days.

*013*2019-08-14 16:42

Sorry about how long this took to come out. Too much came up and I didn’t have as many chances to write as I thought I would. This chapter’s pretty short, but the next chapter’s gonna come out way sooner.

Part 3

The drive to Charlotte’s house from Amber’s apartment was much longer than Amber was expecting, almost three hours. She pulled over on the dirt road like Charlotte had instructed her and made her way up to the house with a large tote bag. When she imagined the home of someone who had 1.4 million dollars under their mattress, she thought of something at least two stories. Instead, it was a very small house on a very small yard. It was clean and cute, but Amber thought it was odd.

She found the key and went inside. It smelled of sandalwood incense and cleaning supplies. She noticed she had to pee kind of urgently from the long drive, but thought it might be weird to use her bathroom. Once she found the bedroom, she lifted the mattress and revealed a deep hole almost filled with stacks of fifty dollar bills. “Holy shit...” Amber muttered, never having seen that much money before. Part of her thought Charlotte was stretching the truth. She shoveled stacks into the bag until it was almost full, then turned to leave.

Carrying this much money made her uncomfortable. She made a trip around the house, seeing if she could see any suspicious cars or people out of the window, but she didn’t see anything.

She really had to pee. She took the tote bag and hurried to the car, then began the drive back to the motel where Charlotte was staying. Her bladder only filled during the ride there, but she didn’t want to stop and delay her arrival any longer. Her friend really needed her money. It was going on 2:00 PM and Amber wasn’t sure if the amount she gave Charlotte was enough to get her something to eat. ‘She’s probably starving,’ she thought, and drove a little faster. She did need a bathroom break, though, but she was an experienced omorashi veteran and had faith that she could hold it until the motel. She’d just use the bathroom there.

Gas bubbled up in her stomach, and she lifted her butt a little to let it out. She had to fart again a few minutes later, but that time it was much longer, and she noticed her stomach was beginning to hurt. Suddenly, it was like a hundred pounds had dropped into her colon. Amber groaned, fidgeting in her chair a little. She held her crotch, but what she was really in danger of doing was messing herself. She didn’t want to take even longer to get to the motel, but she had to shit really badly. As she pulled up to a red light, she decided she’d use a bathroom as quickly as possible and get back on the road. Her belly boiled painfully as she squirmed in her seat. “Come onnn!” she whined at the light, letting another fart out. She felt it churning in her bowels as her stomach growled loudly, not to mention her rather urgent need to pee.

Her anus dilated as her shit began to prairie dog. The light turned green and she took off immediately, pulling into the nearest gas station. She let out another fart before making a beeline to their bathroom, which was locked. She groaned inwardly and stood with her hands behind her back, lightly pushing on her butt, and stepped from side to side. She waited there miserably for almost ten minutes before the kid behind the counter said “The restroom’s for customers only. Like, you have to buy something before I can give you the key.”

Amber blinked. “I’ll buy something. Can I please have the key?”

“You gotta buy something first.”

She sighed and ran out to the car, grabbed a fifty dollar bill from the tote bag, then ran back inside. She filled up a slushie cup and tried to keep her desperation discreet as he slowly rang it up. It was hard to maintain waste from both ends trying hard to get out. Her stomach growled loudly as her urge got even worse, and she hoped the cashier didn’t hear it. He gave her her change and the key and she rushed to the bathroom, stepping around as she unlocked it. As soon as she was inside, she slammed the door, yanked her pants down, and immediately exploded from both ends. Her piss gushed out and splattered against the porcelain, and a brown snake emerged from her asshole. Her stomach actually seemed to deflate a bit as she emptied her bowels. Once she was done doing her business, she returned the key and went to her car, resuming the drive to the motel.

*017*2019-08-18 05:03

{{On 8/16/2019 at 7:45 AM, huberp76 said:

Really great story, I love it.

I would love it if you make Amber hold it until she nearly gets crazy from needing to wee.

Skinny girls are so sexy if they are full to burst, you can see their bladder bulging out so good between their pregnant hip bones.

}}

Will do

*020*2019-09-02 23:07

{{On 8/19/2019 at 5:22 PM, Dtravis said:

Thank you for another great chapter! If you take requests, I definitely enjoyed descriptions of Charlotte's overfilled bulging bladder and a bit of her self-torture when it's full. Can her bladder take more of that?

}}

Of course! Thanks for the support

*021*2019-09-02 23:14

Part 4

Amber got a call from her boss frantically asking if she could come in just as she pulled into the motel parking lot. She was barista at a cafe a few miles from her apartment. She wanted to stay with Charlotte for a while, but money was seriously tight. She begrudgingly accepted the sudden request and made her way to the building.

The door swung open almost as soon as Amber had knocked on it.

“Oh, thank god!” Charlotte sighed. Amber held out the tote bag, thinking she was referring to the money.

“It’s as much as I could grab. I felt kind of weird carrying that much money.”

“I’m glad you’re okay,” she said, dropping the bag on the ground by the door and taking a seat on the edge of the bed. “I don’t know what more they’d need from me, but I’m still on edge.”

“Listen, I need to get to work, but I’ll be back soon, okay?”

“Oh. Okay.”

She hugged her and left as quickly as she came. During the long drive, she developed another dull, aching need to pee, but this time there were no bathroom stops. She changed into her work clothes in the car (white shirt, black skirt and apron) and went inside.

The amount of customers surprised her. It was usually pretty busy since it doubled as a restaurant, but not like this.

“Oh, finally!” her boss said from behind the counter. “I had to pick up the slack here. Three people called out today! You take the cafe. I’ll be in the restaurant if you need me.”

Amber took the job because she loved coffee. Working there didn’t ruin it for her, as it often does for people. When she messed up an order, she always drank the coffee that the customer didn’t accept so it didn’t go to waste. Today, it was overwhelming for her to deal with so many customers by herself, and mistakes were plenty. Since she was so busy, she didn’t realize how much coffee she was consuming until a few hours into her shift, when she bent down to pick up a fallen cup and little bit of coffee came up. She coughed and sputtered, the back of her throat stinging a bit. It was then she noticed how much she overdrank, and how much the ache in her bladder had turned into a desperate need to piss. The crowd had thinned, but there were still too many customers there for her to leave her post. She clenched her legs tightly together as she took someone’s order, speaking and smiling as best she could.

She just needed to wait until the desperation passed, as it always did. It also always came back even worse, but she wasn’t thinking about that. The sensation settled into a nagging ache that sat heavily in her belly. It was far stronger than Amber wanted. In fact, it was really distracting. After another hour, she couldn’t keep her feet still. This is normal for most people when they really need to pee, but for Amber it meant things were seriously getting bad. She was so skilled and experienced at holding that she could keep from squirming even when she really wanted to, and the fact that she couldn’t control herself was a bit alarming. The situation would be pretty arousing if she wasn’t so serious about her job. She noticed her boss standing idle multiple times, and decided to ask her for a break as soon as the opportunity arose.

About a half an hour passed and the crowd had mostly left in the cafe. Amber was bloated with piss and it was almost closing time. She did her best to hide her squirming from the customers, but everyone who saw her knew exactly what was going on. The poor thing was trembling with desperation. The restroom was so alluring, but there were just enough people inside for her to not be able to leave her post.

“Are you okay, sweetheart?” one woman asked her sympathetically.

“Y-Yeah, just fine,” she replied. She held her breath as she rang up her order. As soon as she was done, she rushed over to her boss and asked for a break.

“You can just take off now,” she said. “It’s all food orders. I’ll see you next week.”

“Thank you,” she said, a bit more graciously than intended, and bolted to the bathroom. She lifted her skirt and was about to sit on the toilet before she stopped. Her legs were shaking and her bladder was screaming, but she realized that if she was just going home, she could have a great hold. “Can I make it home?” she mumbled to herself, pulling the waistband of her underwear away from her bulging, distending bladder. ”I guess I’ll find out.” She smoothed her skirt out and rushed out of the cafe to her car. She thought about what she was going to do when she got home. She’d make a beeline for the shower, masturbate, then wet her work clothes. In the car, one hand was clenching her crotch with all of her strength while the other held the steering wheel. In the privacy of her car, she was very vocal about her need, moaning and groaning in response to the waves of desperation she was suffering through.

“Oh my godddd—“ she moaned, bouncing a few times before grinding into the seat. It was starting to really hurt. She loved being full, but she didn’t usually get this desperate. She would have climaxed and emptied herself by now.

Amber turned a corner and had to hit her brakes hard, making urine slosh around painfully inside her. Police lights were flashing around the long line of cars that stretched two blocks down the road.

“Oh, fuck,” she muttered. She saw traffic cones and cop cars around a car that seemed to have driven into the stoplight. “Fuck, fuck, fuck!” She swore, shifting her position. Suddenly, her excitement was replaced with fear that she’d wet her car seat. “God, I need to pee so bad. I should have gone at the cafe. Why didn’t I go at the cafe? I’m gonna burst. I’m just gonna explode all over my car and have to go to the hospital. It hurts so bad...” She shook her head.

“Stop thinking about it!” She commanded herself, turning on the radio, but nothing could keep her mind off the searing agony in her abdomen. She counted the individual minutes as they went by. After 23 minutes, Amber had made significant progress through the traffic, but she was about to start crying. Her plan had changed from going straight to the bathtub to emptying her bladder enough for her kidneys to stop aching. Her entire body was drenched in sweat. She bit hard into the steering wheel, scrunching up her face and squeezing her bare pussy inside of her underwear. A tiny spurt of pee came out, wetting her palms.

“Uhnn!” she moaned, rubbing her crotch hard and shaking even more. She wanted to just wet herself right there, but she thought about what Charlotte had gone through and how much worse it must have been. If she could do it, so could Amber.

She made it out of traffic ten minutes later. At this point, she couldn’t sit right. Her kidneys were searing and her piss bulge was so huge that she had pulled the seatbelt down to her knees so it wouldn’t apply any pressure, and her skirt was hiked up so it wouldn’t squish her stomach anymore. The poor girl wasn’t even complaining anymore. She just wanted to pee.

The parking lot was rather crowded, as it usually was at that time of night, so she had to park much farther away than she wanted. She parked horribly, but didn’t even attempt to redo it. She got out and forced herself to hobble all the way to her complex, bent over and holding herself. The cramping in her kidneys was a new sensation for her and was a bit alarming, but she was already so close to home. She managed to get up the stairs (luckily she only lived on the second story) and fumbled with her keys. She jammed it into the lock and tried to turn it, but it didn’t turn. She realized she’d used the wrong key. She tried to pull it out, but it wouldn’t budge. It was stuck in there.

“Fuck!” she swore, nearly sobbing. Her legs were shaking like crazy, and her coffee-filled bladder pulsed so heavily that it felt like it weighed a thousand pounds. “Oh my god, please!” she begged as pulled hard on the key. A short but powerful squirt escaped into her underwear as she did so, forcing her to lurch forward. Her pussy tingled strongly, but she wasn’t sure if it was from arousal or something unhealthy. She spurted again, this time much more than she did before. Amber gasped and rubbed herself hard between her legs to alleviate the stinging in her urethra. It was definitely arousal.

Just as she managed to get the key unstuck, she leaked and caused major damage to her underwear. She stood there frozen for a minute as the urine streamed down her legs and splattered to the ground before her stream was stemmed by the iron grip she had on herself. Her cheeks were flushed red from embarrassment and the fact that she felt unbelievably horny. Doubled over and shaking, she waddled as fast as she could into her apartment and slammed the door behind her. The bursting girl stuck her hands in her underwear and squeezed her bare pussy, sending shockwaves of pleasure through her entire body. When she got into the bathroom, although her body vehemently demanded that she did so, she didn’t empty her screaming, overfull bladder. She started undressing.

Amber sat on the closed toilet lid, grinding and shaking to contain her liquid, as she removed her shirt and bra. Then she leapt up and practically tore her skirt and underwear off before getting in the bathtub and immediately touching herself. She massaged her clitoris as she focused on her dire need. She’d never been this desperate to pee. She ran her hand over her distended bladder, which was swelled far past capacity with hot piss that ached severely. She knew this was too much, but she didn’t want to go. If she explored this potentially harmful area just once, it wouldn’t be too bad, right?

She began massaging her swollen organ, and it made her legs tremble. Her kidneys felt like they were going to pop, but her pussy was on fire. Her forefinger went deep inside her as she began thinking about Charlotte and how unbearably desperate she was in her story; the look of pure bliss on her blushing face as she let go, tons of golden liquid cascading down her legs.

She added another finger. Charlotte must have felt similar sensations as Amber felt now. Her bladder felt like it was going break open, her belly so huge that she looked pregnant.

She spread her fingers. She felt urine begin continuously trickling out extremely slightly. Her head fell back as she climaxed, her entire body shaking in with insane pleasure. She couldn’t help but moan blissfully as the orgasm spread through her entire body. At the same time, her sphincter gave out and a torrent of urine hissed out of her like a hose and splattered loudly against the other side of the tub. She let out an involuntary, shuddering sigh as the gallons of piss she’d been retaining were finally drained from her body. Her bulge visibly deflated as the liquid continued to spray in a seemingly never ending stream of pure bliss. Her lower back tingled and ached as she sat up, still peeing forcefully. Yellow fluid was pooling around her butt and gurgling loudly down the drain. She brought her knees up to her chest and rested her chin on them with her eyes closed. God, it felt so good to finally empty herself. Her stream faltered to an end, but she still needed to go.

Bad.

Amber spread her legs and pushed on her bladder a bit, which throbbed urgently since it was still so full, but she couldn’t seem to get the last bit out.

”What the fuck?” she groaned, massaging her slightly bulging belly. She waited for almost ten minutes before deciding that she could probably find her relief during a warm shower.

She was wrong, though. Even under steaming water she couldn’t empty herself completely, and she was beginning to feel scared. She squatted down on multiple occasions to coax the pee out, but it wouldn’t budge. It remained inside her tired body as a mass of stubborn liquid. When she got out of the shower, she sat on the toilet for a few minutes with no relief.

She got dressed and watched TV, still seriously needing to piss. The fact that she was still unable to go was alarming her more and more, and she decided that if morning came and she still couldn’t void her bladder, she’d go to the hospital.

But Jesus, she needed to pee now! She couldn’t stop fidgeting and squirming, sometimes patting herself between the legs. She got up to get a snack. As she reached for something on the top shelf of the pantry, she felt herself start to leak. She gasped and stemmed the stream, then sprinted to the bathroom and sat on the toilet. Frustratingly, she still couldn’t go. She buried her face in her hands and wondered if she should go to the hospital now.

Instead, though, she simply went to bed and hoped that she’d wake up and be able to relieve herself. By the time she climbed into bed, she was in pain. Her bladder was once again distended and palpable and her need was so urgent she couldn’t stand it. The severity of the urge itself was nothing compared to before, though, and she started to fall asleep.

As Amber felt herself drift into the unconscious, she also felt herself leaking slightly into her under. She opened her eyes as it grew to a strong and steady stream, soaking her shorts and her bedsheets. She sighed in relief, a bit annoyed that she’d now have to do laundry, but she was glad she was able to urinate again. She pissed for a long time, and when she finally finished, she found herself simply falling back asleep.

