The Porcelain Frog (interactive story)

Author: ExplosiveTurtlez

*000*2014-03-23 04:48

So I decided to try out in making an interactive fiction... but this won't be your average "omorashi quest" type of interactive fiction...

Allow me to explain...

You will take the roll of an employee who works in a secret restaurant known as "The porcelain frog." Although it secretes itself in a shady alleyway, the restaurant is rather popular for many reasons: it's limitless menu, meaning you can ask for literally ANY meal, and it will be prepared for you... and the fact that there are no bathrooms in this restaurant... well... that isn't all true... in fact, the ENTIRE restaurant is a bathroom! Each table is secluded in an average restroom stall, the seats are fully functional toilets, and there's even a sink right next to your table!

But as I said before, you are an employee of this restaurant, and it is your job to satisfy your customers, whether it be their stomachs, or their bladders. If you'd like, however, you may take the role of a customer as well... who knows... the actions of a customer could even be story-altering if told right.

And without further adieu, let us begin this strange tale...

*BEEPBEEPBEEPBEEPBEEPBEEP* ... that same old sound again huh? Every morning is that damn alarm clock... and you were just in the middle of a really good dream too... but oh well.

You open your eyes to the morning air... it's nice, sunny, and... oddly warm. "Not again..." you think to yourself as you raise your bed sheets to see a rather large circle stained into your mattress. Even this grown up you have a bad habit for bed wetting. Now that you think about it, maybe that was why you had such a good dream... but at least you live alone to begin with so it's not a big deal anyways. As you rise from your wet bed, you take a look around your room, and then back to your alarm clock, in which you kinda forgot to press snooze... that, however, is not your current concern... you notice that it's 12 o clock... you were supposed to be at work by now!

What now?

- Get ready for work.

- Put bed sheets in the washer.

- Head back to sleep.

- Look at your stuff (Uberhint: Nostalgia hidden within)

- Other (any of you guys got any bright ideas? Let me know.)

*004*2014-03-27 01:39

{{: 

I imagine we should throw the sheets in the washer.

}}

You decide to clump up your sheets together and dump them into the washer... hopefully, they won't shrink.

You head back to your room...

{{: 

The obvious answer would of course be... head back to sleep.

}}

After just waking up, you still feel like you could use an extra few winks, so you crawl back onto your sheetless mattress and huddle yourself up...

"Perhaps I could just call in sick today..." you think to yourself."

...after about two minutes of napping, you feel a little too chilly without your precious sheets, even if they were a little damp... not to mention your a bit tight on money... so you just get back out of bed. Despite only a couple minutes of napping, you feel a little bit more rested...

+5 Alertness gained

{{: 

Look at your stuff.

}}

You take a gander at your stuff...

It's a small white shelf crammed with gaming stuff: New games, old games, accessories you don't care for, there's even a SNES secluded behind all that stuff.

On the wall above the shelf is a Dragon Ball Z poster, and on top of the shelf itself is an assortment of junk: A table lamp, broken alarm clock, two action figures, one of them being the Arbiter from Halo, and Mega Man X (Command Mission version), there's also a Star Wars X-wing concealed in a plastic dome... you plan on selling it off eBay at some point...

...what seems to stick out the most on the shelf, however, is a small black sack...

- Interact with items? (specify which item)

- Get ready for work?

- Other?

*009*2014-03-30 05:09

{{: 

Interact with the small black sack. (Fantastic sentence.)

}}

{{: 

Interact with the black sack.

}}

{{: 

Interact with the black sack

}}

{{: 

As others have said, interact with the black sack.

}}

You open the black sack... inside it contained a rather familiar looking object... a small, blue, ovular-shaped, ceramic object; it was none other than the Ocarina of time from Legend of Zelda. You seem to remember buying it at a convention from some nerd, and you just so happened to be cosplaying as Link at the time, so you thought it would be fitting to take it off the guys hands. The ocarina is even functional, though you only know two songs by heart: the Song of time, and the Song of storms. In any case... you decide to put it in your inventory... which is rather odd now that you think about it... I mean... you're only wearing boxers right now, so like... where are you keeping said inventory? Well it doesn't really matter. Perhaps this sacred ocarina will help you charm others.

- Interact with more stuff?

- Get ready for work?

- Other?

*014*2014-04-02 00:24

{{: 

Go to work naked.

}}

"Ya know... sometimes in life, you need a bit of variety," you think to yourself.

You decide to take off your boxers, leaving your "less than stellar" cock exposed to the cool breeze. You walk out your front door with a smile on your face, and a skip in your step. What could possibly go wr- *WEEWOOWEEWOOWEEWOO*... You just got your bare ass arrested!

GAME OVER... Qu'est-ce qu'un repas à faible taux!

Restarting at latest checkpoint...

{{: 

Blow off work; learn more songs on the Ocarina. Saria's and Epona's preferred.

}}

You decide that "if you're gonna bring this nifty instrument with you, you may as well learn more about it."

You take a seat on your bed and try the songs you currently know.

*You play the Song of storms*

Nothing happens at first... then... all of a sudden, you feel a bit of warmth under you. You currently seem to be peeing in both your boxers, and on the edge of the mattress...

"Well... that certainly didn't happen in the game!" you think to yourself...

Next you try the Song of time...

*You play the Song of time*

You don't feel anything happen... strange... maybe you didn't play it right. Just when you were gonna try something else, you couldn't help but notice that the room seemed subtly darker than before. Suddenly, you're startled by the loud beeping of your alarm clock, as it is now 12:00 PM. Did you just travel back in time?

... Well that seems nifty for "correcting mistakes."

You then try to see if there are any more useful songs to learn on this ocarina... so you go on good ol' youtube and look up some ocarina songs.

The songs you saw seemed a bit too complicated to play, except for Saria's song, and Epona's song, so you give those two a shot.

You start off with Epona's song. Knowing the bizarre things the ocarina is capable of, you have an idea of what this song does...

*You play Epona's song*

Once again, there is a brief pause... until suddenly, a horse jumps through your window!!! That's gonna cost a fortune to fix!

Nearly ready to have another accident, you slowly approach the wild, majestic beast. It doesn't seem greatly pleased of you, as it moves away from you.

"Whelp... now there's a horse in my house," You think to yourself.

Now to try the other song you learned...

*You play Saria's song*

After playing that mind-calming tune, the horse slowly approaches you. It's feelings towards you went from shyness, to friendship.

You give the horse a pet on the head as a sign of peace.

{{: 

Get ready for work.

}}

{{: 

Get ready for work

}}

So, now with this interesting stuff in hand (and a horse?) You replace your wet boxers with fresh new ones, slip into your work uniform, brush your teeth, eat breakfast, and prepare yourself for the day ahead...

(I think I already know the answer to this but...)

- Go to work in your car?

- Go to work on newly-found horse mount?

- Other?

*018*2014-04-07 21:34

(Whoops... kinda forgot this still existed... my bad ._.)

{{: 

Ignore the horse, take the helicopter that is conveniently parked outside.

}}

You head out of the house... when suddenly, a helicopter lands directly in front of your doorstep. Out of it comes the pilot who rushes inside your house without acknowledging you. As he rushed by you, you could just barely hear him whispering to himself "shit... notgonnamakeitnotgonnamakeitnotgonnamakeit."

Well, this is weird... but hey... free helicopter!

You jump into the cockpit, and take off. How you know how to fly a helicopter is beyond even the narrator (AKA: me).

As you fly to work, everything seems all fine and dandy... until you hear what sounded like a *GRRRRRRRRRRRRR* sound.

You look behind you to see the corpse of a bird stuck in between the tail rotors. You try to regain grasp of you control as you start spinning wildly, but there's nothing

You can do other than plummet to your doom...

GAME OVER... Qu'est-ce qu'un repas à faible taux!

Restarting at latest checkpoint...

{{: 

Of course we must use the horse.

}}

{{: 

This shouldn't be hard to decide on....The horse of course!

}}

Now that you have this tame, majestic beast under control, you hop on top of it, and ride off out of the wall that was created beforehand.

As you head to work, you think to yourself that "you never really thought of a name for this horse." Maybe you'll come up with something through the comments- uh, I mean your mind (HINT HINT).

You find yourself at a shady alleyway.

Any smart people would avoid this place, but to those of bravery, it is a place of entertainment, and also where you work.

Deep within the alleyway, to the side, was a metal door. You walk up to the door, when suddenly, you couldn't help but hear the sound of pouring liquids. At first, you think that it's just a leaky pipe or something, but looking at a turn in the dark, brick corridor, you see a purple skirt peaking from behind the wall, along with what seemed like 'yellow water.'

"There MUST be someone peeing there," you think in your head. For some reason, it smells a lot like flowers, but you are REALLY tempted to... "accidentally stumble across the situation."

- Peek at peeing lady?

- Enter door?

- Other?

*023*2014-04-17 17:04

{{: 

You must peek at the lady, though I have a feeling that "she" is a he.

(Someone else name the horse)

}}

{{: 

I say Name the Horse Epona after the horse in Ocarina of Time, plus you got it from playing Epona's song, so naming it after Epona is not too dull of an idea.

The situation with the lady, You should peek through the door, you can't let an opportunity like this slide :3

}}

You attempt to try taking a peek at the girl by unlocking the metal door with your key, and looking from the side of the door...

What you see on the other side of the wall was definitely a woman squatting down, and there's definitely yellow stuff... but it appears not to be urine...

The woman that was there was petting a small stray dog, and in the puddle of what you thought was pee were glass shards scattered about.

From what you can guess, when the woman went to pet the dog, she must have dropped her perfume bottle, hence explaining the "flowery smell." Afterwards, the woman got back up and went on her way.

...well... that's one way to chuck testa a man out of his perverted thoughts...

- 20 hopes and dreams lost.

When you go in to enter the building, you look back at your horse that has parked itself rather close by.

"I think I'll name you Epona," you think to yourself, "It'd be a fitting name I suppose."

{{: 

Enter the door.

}}

{{: 

Attempt to kick down the door.

}}

Just when you look back at the door, it's already closed shut... so you get angry and try kicking the door down, which sadly, doesn't do a whole much, as you only end up hurting yourself... after all, it's a pull, not a push XD.

You open the door normally this time...

(Finally... the part you guys have ACTUALLY been waiting for...)

Inside is a somewhat regular sized room. Next to the door is a small counter for letting people in, and all around the place itself are black stalls, each with two toilets facing each other inside them, and open urinals on the restaurant's walls. You take a deep breath and take in the bathroom smell (which would drive anyone crazy after a while, but you've grown accustomed to it). To the back was the kitchen, where all the magic happened, where delicious meals were born.

Despite being a few minutes late (though not as late as you would've been originally), there is no one inside... just you.

- Clean up before anyone arrives?

- Sleep a bit?

- Other?

