The Beach

Author: LadyElsewhere

*000*2016-02-10 05:16

We had chosen to go to the beach.It was mid-day by the time we pulled up. As students, we weren't exactly great at early mornings. The beach wasn't much, a carpark and a large strech of sand dunes that gradually levelled into a sandy beach. But it was sunny and we had beer, so we were happy.

Beth was the first out the car, as per usual, quickly followed by Faye. They made an odd pair. Beth was tiny, petite and gorgeous, with a love of short dresses and a ridiculous dose of confidence. Faye was taller, with white blonde hair that reached her waist. She was...not so confident, to say the least.We wandered down the beach till we found a good spot, and sat for a good couple of hours chatting.

By my second beer, my bladder started to feel uncomfortably full. Finally I spoke up."Is there a bathroom anywhere along the beach?" I asked. Beth laughed"Did you see one? Nearest is ten minutes drive from the carpark" she shrugged "Just go here".

Faye glanced up, her eyes wide "You can't go here, it's a public place!" She squeaked.I glanced around at the empty beach, hesitant "Where should I go?" I asked, eyeing the nearby dunes, the only real cover.

"If you're nervous, I'll go first" Beth offered. I nodded, watching to see where she entered the dunes. Instead she simply got up, walked a metre or so from us, and removed her black lace panties. "You just have to relax, and then..." she trailed off as a few drops fell from under her skirt, followed by a steady stream that splashed into the sand. She went for perhaps thirty seconds before the stream ended and she retrieved her panties.Watching her go had only increased my needs. I had gone from uncomfortably full to having to tense myself to stop any leaks. There was no chance I'd last the walk back, never mind the car journey. "Okay" I sighed, standing up.

"Maxine, don't!" Faye grabbed my arm as I stood "It's so...open" she frowned.I pulled my arm away and walked towards where Beth had gone. My shorts meant I had to squat, rather than stand. Despite the fullness of my bladder, it took a few seconds of closing my eyes and breathing steady before the first trickle started to escape me. Instinctively I tensed up, before relaxing enough to start again. I sighed in relief as my discomfort vanished, focussing instead on completely emptying my bladder, till I finally felt done, standing up and pulling up my shorts. Beth applauded jokingly, whilst Faye looked...terrified "Can we go?" She asked.

"We've only been here a few hours" I complained

"It's an hour and a half walk back to the car...and we've finished our drinks" she argued "Please?".I looked at Beth, who only shrugged and shouldered her bag.Within fifteen minutes walking, I noticed Faye was quiet."Are you okay?" I asked, falling back beside her.

"I'm fine" came the reply.

"Are you mad at us for wetting on the beach?" Beth joined in

"It's fine" Faye muttered. But I couldn't help but feel like it had somehow upset her. Either way, we kept walking.

Another fifteen minutes passed. I kept an eye on Faye. Whenever we stopped, she kept figeting. It had been nearly four hours since we reached the beach, and she had drank at least two bottles of water and two beers. But I knew mentioning that would only make her defensive, so I ignored it.

No less that ten minutes later, she froze for a few seconds, grabbing her crotch."Faye?" Beth asked. Faye nodded, removing her hand but keeping her legs crossed "How long to the car?" She asked in a strained voice. I told her it was still almost an hour away and she nodded "You okay?" I asked. She grinned sheepishly

"I have to...go...a little. But I can hold it"This carried on for the next twenty minutes. Faye went from a normal pace to tiny steps, clutching herself in a way that would have horrified her under any other circumstance. Every now and then a small whimper would escape her, till Beth and I were stopped by a shriek. We turned round to see Faye doubled over, hands between her legs, her face bright red."This is ridiculous!" Beth snapped "Just go into the dunes and go. You're going to hurt yourself if you dont"

I nodded in agreement. Despite Beth not being the most sympathetic, she was right. Faye wasn't going to make it to a bathroom like this.

"I'll stand guard and check nobody is coming, nobody will see you" I offered.

Faye was silent, a humilated blush covering her cheeks as she nodded, edging herself into the dunes with us following.

Once in the dunes she unbuttoned her light blue cut-off jeans. I stared at the visible bulge of her bladder before turning away to watch over the dunes. A few minutes passed in silence before I heard a small sob "I can't"

I turned around to Faye, awkwardly squatting in the sand. She quickly pulled her jeans up as she saw me, bent double "It hurts so bad but I can't make myself go!" She cried "I just make it hurt more".

She looked so upset and pathetic I couldn't help but run over to hug her. She was still bent over, forcing my taller form to awkwardly bob under her. I could feel her bladder, rock hard, barely touching me, as an idea formed in my head.

I shifted slightly, so my knee pressed inbetween her legs, forcing them open. Then suddenly pulled her against me with all my might, pushing her bladder into me.

"Max!" She yelped. I pushed my elbow into her side to make her jump "Max, stop, I'm-" she choked out, ending in a gasp.

For a few seconds I wasn't sure. Then a wet warmth started to soak the front of my shorts where I was pushed against her, sending a tingle of electricity through me. Her head pressed into my shoulder as she moaned in relief as my shorts became heavier and wetter, till her own jeans could take no more and it streamed down her legs, splashing my knee pressed between them and puddling around our feet. As the stream slowed I had to use all my self control to not grind against her, frantic for release. She stepped back, panting slightly, and covered her mouth in horror as she saw the damage.

Her pale blue shorts were soaked, almost completely dark, and the front of my black shorts were shiny and dripping

"It's okay. It's just an accident" I smiled "Just go tell Beth I'll catch up in a second". She nodded, bolting away.

I barely waited to see if she was out of sight before slipping my hand down into my panties, rubbing frantically. Within seconds waves of pleasure exploded through me with such force I crumpled to my knees, into the damp sand. I knelt for a few second, regaining my composure and making the decision that I must try a few more 'accidents' in the future.

