The memory of a wet winter night

Author: Flush

*000*2011-06-22 13:16

So here's my newest story. It's a long one (11500 words or 17 pages); that's how I like them. I divided the story in six chapters for convenience, but it's about just one night. One very wet night...

Enjoy! And as always, I appreciate a small comment if you like the story.

Disclaimer: contains female desperation, wetting, tickling, and a small bit of humiliation.

###

| THE MEMORY OF A WET WINTER NIGHT |

###

Thursday morning, me and my best friend Sarah at the departure hall at the airport. We waved and jumped until our friend Hannah was gone from our sight.

“Damn, I think I’m even going to miss that crazy girl”, Sarah said.

“Yep, she was... special”. I laughed.

“Extremely special”, Sarah added. “Do you remember that time when...”

She didn’t have to say more.

“I remember.” I giggled and thought back to that night...

CHAPTER 1. AIN’T NO PARTY LIKE AN ALCOHOLIC PARTY

It was a winter night, I can’t remember the exact date, but I’m pretty sure it happened in the winter season because it was really cold outside. Freezing cold. There was a thin layer of snow on the streets, and the roads and sidewalks were slippery; you had to be very careful not to slip and fall. But we were young and joyous, we did not care, we just had a lot of fun. We were going to some kind of student party that night - it wasn’t a very special party, but the beers were cheap and people were loose. It was a lot of fun, and we went there early because we had decided to return to my place at a reasonable hour. I think I had to study the next day, or something like that. Plus, we knew; the younger the evening, the more free beer. We really liked free beer... every student likes free beer, I guess. Oh, maybe I should also tell you guys who “we” is in this story.

I’m Layla, a 20 year-old girl, I am a blonde, average length, average weight, average breast size... Yeah, I see myself as a ‘regular girl’; not bad looking, but not super hot either. All my female friends disagree, they say that I’m far more special than I think, but I don’t know about that. Me, special? Oh, and guys tell me all the time that I have a sweet ass. Well... they could be right, maybe. I have to say; I’m also really happy about the way my bottoms look in a jeans. Or just naked. They’re tight, soft, firm and round - I don’t know how I got them, because I don’t eat that healthy at all. I guess the man in the sky takes some and gives some, sometimes. Oh and while were at it... I think I have a very ‘clean’ looking pubic area as well. That sounds a little weird maybe, but it’s like that. Never mind. To summarize; I am good looking in my pants, but besides that, I’m pretty average. Hehehe. That should be on my business card later.

There’s also Sarah. She’s also twenty years old and we were friends for as long as I remember. We went to kindergarten together, to elementary school, to... any school, you just name it. And now were studying both at the University. She still lives with her parents though, while I have a small apartment for myself in the city. She is a bit taller than me, also has blonde hair - we’re not very different, actually. Some people even say we look like twins. I always take that as a compliment, because I think that Sarah is better looking than me. Her ass is nice too, and her breast size is one size larger than mine. She has a cute face - green eyes, gorgeous lips; she looks like a good girl, a perfect ‘girl-next-door’. But I know that she can be bad too...

Last, but certainly not least, there’s Hannah. She’s not from here; she’s an exchange student from Italy. She always tells us that she is here for one reason only; to party and to party more. Hannah is a really fun girl once you get to know her. She’s... nuts. That’s the one word I need to describe her. She always acts loose, has a wide imagination and invents the craziest things. You never get bored around her. She always has something to do. She always knows a party to go to. Like the one from that night. Should I go on? Every time I see her, she’s smiling. She lights up every party we go to. I would say that she’s definitely a ‘sexy bitch’. Hannah is really hot too.

She’s smaller than me, but she has bigger breasts, one round ass, tight legs, and she always dresses sexy. She has a naughty looking face; blue eyes, pitch black curly hair, small mouth, nice lips. It’s no wonder guys like her so much. But don’t worry, it’s mutual, she also really likes guys. I can’t remember a party where she didn’t have her tongue stuck down some guy’s throat. She says she enjoys it, that she just likes to make guys crazy. She told me that she can make a guy cum, by just dancing with him, with all her clothes on. Believe me, she can. We did bet once. She won the bet. Most guys are weak, she says, she likes to play around with them. Each to their own, I guess. I admit it; it’s amusing to watch her on the dance floor. I like partying with her; it always is a lot of fun.

The party was in someone’s basement - it was a small place and soon it became very crowded also. The first beer barrels were free for everyone, and it wasn’t long before we were a bit drunk. But the beer was cheap, so we kept pouring the drinks down our throats. Off course, what goes in, must come out at some point or another. Especially when you’re drinking cold beer. Needless to say; our bladders were filling up pretty fast from all those drinks. But I have one rule.

At a party, I always try to postpone my first bathroom visit for as long as I can, because I know that when the ‘seal is broken’, I have to go again every twenty minutes or so. And I hate spending my entire evening in the bathroom, when it’s much more fun on the dance floor. I know Sarah felt the same way, because we always did our first bathroom visit together. It’s like we encouraged each other to hold our pee just a little longer, so that we could party along. It helps when you have a friend who is in the same situation as you. It’s not always easy, because sometimes your bladder fills up faster than that friends’ bladder - we both had our ‘close calls’ in the past, believe me.

But no matter how hard you try, you can’t hold it forever, so we excused ourselves from the party and went looking for a toilet. We first checked every corner of the basement, but no sign of a bathroom. It was probably upstairs, then. We climbed the narrow and crowded stairs, and we found the bathroom in the hallway. But there was already a line, and we joined it. Apparently there was only one stall, and one urinal - certainly not enough for the crowd that was downstairs. Oh well, those situations were familiar for Sarah and I, and we just kept queuing.

My bladder was absolutely full - the party was so much fun and I think that I had held it a little longer than usual, but I wasn’t really worried. I could just hold on, and even if I couldn’t; there was always the possibility of running outside and squatting somewhere. It certainly wouldn’t be the first time. Pushing our bladders, it was a risky business sometimes. But we always made it, relatively dry. Same thing this time. I had to do a little pee-pee dance, but I made it into the stall with my panties dry. I unbuttoned my jeans and as soon as my buttocks were hanging over the toilet pot, a big torrent of pee jetted out of my body and splashed in the water closet. Ah, relief. It always was a small sensation. I made sure my bladder was entirely empty, and went back to the party with Sarah.

Hannah gave us another round of free beers, from a guy that she was dancing with, and we kept drinking. I started dancing with Sarah - I wasn’t really in the mood to pick guys up, and it was always a laugh to dance with her. Besides, we also knew that two hot girls dancing together drew the attention from guys. It was a double-win. Some guys were treating us with more free beer, which we drank. Basically, we were drinking for free that night. Nice. From that moment we made our bathroom stops at different times. We never did that by the way, it was just too complicated to wait until the other person had to go, and vice versa. I think I went another two times that night, I don’t know about Sarah. All I know is that I held my pee until I was absolutely full. The route to the bathroom was too small and too crowded for a quick stop; the less I had to do it, the better. I never got in trouble though.

I was chatting with some boys while Sarah was away, but when she was back we danced together. Hannah was never far away, but she was busy turning some guy on. I have to admit, that guy was pretty hot. Hannah was dancing very close to him, squirming against his body. Just a few minutes later, her hand was on his lap, stroking his pants. She was going to score that night, I was sure about that. Some minutes later they left us and I wondered where they went. A dark stairway, the backseat of a car, the bathroom, some bushes, an alley? You never knew what Hannah was up to. It didn’t matter anyway. The last time I left the party to pee, Sarah joined me and we queued together. We were both drunk and talked about leaving the party, but we had to wait for Hannah.

Just as we were in the basement again, after our visit to the little girl’s room, Hannah showed up. We asked if she wanted to leave the party as well and she said yes, but she needed a pee first. Sarah and I agreed, and while Hannah went to the bathroom, we drank a last beer. We knew the line for the bathroom was long, and that Hannah’s bathroom visit would take a while. A little more than twenty minutes later, Hannah returned and we left the party basement.

I noticed that I had to pee again, but the line for the bathroom was too long; we would surely miss some buses if I joined the queue again. And I didn’t want to catch the last bus, I found that too risky. So I ignored my need, it wasn’t so urgent anyway, and passed the bathroom in the hall.

CHAPTER 2. WAITING FOR THE BUS AND SOMETHING ELSE

Coming from the hot, sweaty basement, the cold and chilly temperature outside wasn’t very pleasant for us. I was freezing in my jeans and I felt sorry for Hannah, who had nothing on her legs but a short pair of hot-pants. But well, it was her fault for dressing up like that, exposing so much skin. Being the sexiest girl on the dance floor certainly had its price. The bus stop was just two blocks away, and we headed there as fast as we could, so that we didn’t have to be out in the cold for too long.

Running on the slippery sidewalks wasn’t very easy though, and we didn’t move very fast. Hannah slipped a few times, but was laughing everything away, and we were laughing with her. I hoped I wouldn’t pee my pants while laughing, but I wasn’t really thinking about it; the alcohol in my brains weakened my thoughts. Five minutes later we arrived at the bus stop, only to see a bus just leaving; we missed that one. We didn’t care though, because there would be another one in five or ten more minutes. All we could do was to wait at the bus stop until the next one would arrive.

Minutes passed by, and I was getting more desperate by the second, now that we were standing still at one place. The only one who was still cheerfully chatting, was Hannah, probably to keep herself warm. She was doing pirouettes on the ice, then suddenly stopped and said to us: “Guess what? I don’t have any bra on!”

Before we could even answer, she opened her jacket, lifted her shirt and indeed, she didn’t have a bra on. Her big boobs were shivering in the faint street light, and her nipples were fully erect from the cold. “Lost it while I was busy with that guy”, she explained, without putting her shirt down. She must have been really drunk, exposing herself like that without even realizing it.

Sarah and I giggled. “Come on, put that down, we don’t have to see that!”

But Hannah didn’t, on the contrary; she did another pirouette, with her shirt up this time. But she lost her balance, fell down and landed on her chest, elbows first and her breasts second. She turned herself around, and grabbed her boobs with her hands. “Cooooold!”

Sarah and I looked at each other, and then we started laughing out loud. That was just too damn funny. I saw Sarah grabbing her crotch with both hands and I did the same, to prevent any pee from leaking out. It wouldn't be the first time that I would wet myself from laughing, and my bladder was well filled. I tried to stop laughing, but I couldn't. The image of Hannah falling with her breasts in the snow was all over my mind.

“Stop, stop!” giggled Sarah, not mentioning why, hopping from foot to foot. But as long as she was laughing I couldn’t stop either. After a few seconds of good laughter, we managed to keep it down to a small giggle, but then Hannah pointed at her two breasts and said to us:

“Thank God I have airbags!”

That was just too much and I started laughing again, even louder than the first time. Tears came to my eyes, and i squeezed my crotch as hard as I could, afraid that i was going to wet it. But I wasn’t the only one.

“Stop, stop, stop!” Sarah screamed. “Stop or I’m going to pee in my pants!” I guess both of our bladders were pretty exhausted for holding it multiple times at the party, our bladder control was slippery. “I have to pee, I’m going to, stop!” She was jumping up and down, trying to step away from us and the laughter. And for some reason, it helped. I managed to keep my laughter down, and so did she.

For a few seconds we kept our mouth shut, Hannah stood up again and buttoned her jacket on again. Sarah and I kept our hands in our crotches.

“Shit, I need to pee!” I exclaimed finally, and waited for Sarah’s reaction.

“Me too,” she said, “do you have to go bad? For how long can you hold it?”

“Not sure,” I admitted, “ten, maybe fifteen minutes?”

“And how long are we on the bus?”

“At least fifteen, but in this weather, I’m not sure...”

“Maybe we should go before”, Sarah suggested.

Hannah protested. “But our bus is going to be here in a few seconds! I don’t want to miss it!”

“I don’t want to miss it either,” I said, “maybe we should wait.”

I squeezed my crotch another time, hoping it would keep my bladder shut so I didn’t have to worry anymore, but my condition just kept getting worse. I was hoping the bus would arrive soon, so I could forget about this dilemma, but no sign of it yet. Maybe a quick pee wasn’t such a bad idea after all. I started scanning for a suitable place to drop my pants, while dancing around with my hands in my lap. On the other side of the road was a small alley, covered by a fence. God, I needed a pee. I glanced at Sarah, who was even more desperately dancing around. I was sure she wouldn’t be able to hold it for another twenty minutes. I probably couldn’t either. And then what? Should we go wetting in the bus then? I wasn’t sure that would be the best option.

“The alley over there,” I pointed, “I’m going to squat there.” I crossed the road, walking in that direction. My need got more urgent as I approached the place.

“I’m coming,” Sarah said. “Are you coming with us, Hannah?”

Hannah refused. “We’re going to miss the bus!”, she said once again, trying to stop us.

But there was simply no stopping us. We needed that pee. Now. I opened the fence with one hand and dropped my pants. I squatted down and tried not to fall, which wasn't always easy in a drunken state. Because of the cold, my bladder didn’t release immediately, but after a second a small stream trickled from between my legs. I tried to be fast, in case the bus would come, and soon the small stream became a steady yellow jet. The urine was forming a small pool under my feet.

In the meantime, Sarah was sitting right next to me, also trying to open up her pants, but it was hard for her to open her buttons with frozen hands. “Come on, come on...”, I heard her say, and she finally managed to pull down her jeans. She didn’t have to wait for the floodgates to burst; I saw a giant jet squirting out of her body once her jeans were on her knees. Wow, she definitely needed to go, probably much more than me. She sighed; she was clearly enjoying it, and so was I. But our moment of glory didn’t last very long. Only a second after Sarah started peeing, we heard Hannah shout.

“Girls! Quick! The bus is coming!”

“Shit!” I wasn't finished yet, and a stream of hot urine was still coming out from between my lips. The bigger part of my pee was already out my body though; I think my bladder was still one-third full. I wanted to finish it first, but then I literally heard the bus approaching; Hannah was right, the bus was arriving, we had to leave now. I didn’t have much choice; I had to stop the flow somehow, so I could get my pants back on. I let out another big spurt, and then gritted my teeth while straining my bladder muscles. In a normal situation, I would have been able to stop my pee immediately, but my bladder was exhausted from holding it all the time at the party, and I had to make a massive effort to close the floodgates. I managed to slow the stream down to a small trickle, and then further till only a few droplets of urine still came out. I quickly pulled up my pants and felt a few drops landing in my panties, but it wasn't much, I was still dry.

Just as I stood up, the bus halted at its stop with shrieking brakes, and I wanted to sprint to the stop, so that I wouldn't miss the bus. But I noticed Sarah was still squatting, and the giant jet of pee was still shooting out of her. Poor Sarah, she just started wetting and her bladder probably wasn’t even near halfway empty. But she had no choice.

“Come on, we have to go!”, I shouted, while I watched the doors of the bus go open. I hoped Hannah could persuade the bus driver to wait a little longer.

“The bus is going to leave!”, I yelled again, “come on, you have to stop peeing!”

“I’m trying, I’m trying!”, Sarah told me with a panicky voice, and I could see that she was trying to, but it didn’t work, she was still wetting forcefully. Wow, her bladder was really full.

“Ok, I’m going to the bus”, I said, getting a bit impatient, “I’ll try to stop the bus driver from leaving for as long as I can. You just hurry!”

“Ow, ow, ow...”, Sarah said while trying to reduce the flow to a smaller level, “wait for me, I’m coming with you!”

I failed to see how that would be possible, since she was still uncontrollably peeing, but she tried her best, I could see that. She pressed her right hand on her crotch, probably hoping that she could stop the flow from the outside, but she couldn’t, and small trickles of pee spurted from between her fingers. Then she pressed her legs together and stood up, still wetting, and pulled up her jeans with her other hand. She removed her hand from between her legs to pull the pants over her ass, but I could see that she still wasn’t finished yet; a significant amount of urine ran into her panties and soaked them totally. The stream coming out of her body was not as big as it was before, but there was still a definite stream.

“Come on, let’s go”, she said, while I saw blue dark lines running down her jeans. With her right hand jammed in her crotch area, she hobbled towards the waiting bus.

The bus was pretty empty and we went to sit in the back. The wetness of Sarah’s pants was even more visible in the artificial light that was shining in the vehicle. Sarah removed her hand from between her legs, and inspected the damage. The fabric of her crotch area was dark blue, and I’m sure her underwear was totally soaked. There was also a bit of wetness on the fabric of her uppers legs, but not very much.

“Shit, I’ve pissed my pants”, she said silently while stroking her fingers over the wet jeans. “But I have managed to keep a part of it inside of me, it would have been worse if I had relieved myself entirely. Did you finish, Layla?”

I declined; I still had some urine in my bladder. But we made it, and I was reasonably comfortable; the pressing feeling in my abdomen was gone. It probably wouldn’t take very long before my bladder would be filled up again, but I would be fine until the end of the bus ride. Just twenty, thirty minutes max; I could certainly handle that. I sat back and closed my eyes for a little while.

CHAPTER 3. IT’S A LONG WAY HOME

The next thing I remember is that I woke up five minutes later, because Hannah was bumping against my arm. “Guys...”, she said, somewhat hesitating, “I have to pee...”

“Hmm.” I wasn’t fully awake yet. “We’ll be home in about fifteen minutes, I guess”, I answered, not really paying attention to what she was saying.

“No, no, you don’t understand”, she pleaded, “I mean I REALLY have to pee! Like... I can’t hold it much longer.” She emphasized the ‘really’, and I turned my head to look at her.

She was on the bus seat next to us, leaning forward and jamming her hands between her legs while shuffling with her feet. I saw a tear in the corner of her eyes, and her entire body was shaking from the tension she was putting on herself.

“It can’t be that bad?”, I asked her, “I mean, you didn’t have to pee five minutes ago?”

“I had,” she said sheepishly, “I just didn’t tell you...”

“I told you that you should have gone with us in the alley”, Sarah exclaimed indignantly, “I told you!”

Hannah bit her upper lip and moaned.

“In that case, we would have missed the bus, you know”, she defended her actions. “But I really, really, really need to go now! Fuck my bladder is so full, it hurts a little...”

Now what? It’s not like there was a bathroom in this bus, or a secluded place where she could squat down, or something like that? I saw the stinging pain in her body, and I wanted to help her, but I just couldn't. I didn't know how.

“Just hold it Han’, we’ll be home in no time”, I tried to console her, but I knew that wouldn’t help.

“I can’t, I can’t”, she told me, “I want to but I can’t; I have drunk way too much beer at that party, and it’s all in my bladder now, it feels like it’s gonna explode...”

“Whatever you do, don’t pee in the bus alright? The driver was already staring at us when I walked in with my wet panties”, Sarah told her. “If he sees you’re wetting his seats, we may be in big trouble!”

“Oh, but I gotta go, I gotta go!” Hannah was almost crying. The upper button of her shorts was open, and she was pressing in her most private area like I had never seen before. In fact, I had never seen her truly desperate for a bathroom before, she always peed way more often than we did. She probably didn’t have the bladder control that we had.

I stared out of the window, and knew we weren’t even halfway. The bus was going extremely slow on the slippery roads, and the bus ride would definitely take a while. I hoped Hannah was going to make it, but I wasn’t sure. Not at all.

“Oh, no, no!”, she squealed, “I can’t hold it! What am I going to do?”

She bit her upper lip and was breathing heavily.

I wanted to help, and thought that I could maybe give her some advice. After all, I was way more experienced than her when it came to holding my water. There was once thing that I always did when I was literally on the verge wetting myself, maybe it would work for her too?

“Hannah,” I said, “maybe this will help. Try making a ‘V’ with your both hands, just like this.” I demonstrated how to do it, while Hannah was still bouncing up and down. She was trying to listen to what I said, but it wasn’t very easy for her, it seemed. “Ok, then,” I went on, ”put your two forefingers over each other and press them between your intimate lips, where your pee hole is.”

Hannah moaned another time, and decided to try what I had said.

She folded her hands in a ‘V’, and pushed her fingers deep between her legs.

“Oh my God, oh my God!” Hannah sighed one time, and then started to breathe a little harder. I knew the feeling; I think it was helping. She moaned another time, and another - it’s almost like she was climaxing.

She was fine for like a minute or so, but then she started panicking again.

“I can’t hold it, it’s coming out; we have to stop! I have to get out of this bus!”

“Come on”, Sarah tried supporting her, “just...”

But Hannah didn’t let her finish. “No, I’m leaking, I just can’t! I have to get out, now!”

She removed one hand from her crotch to reach for the stop sign, and pressed the button.

“I feel my panties getting wet! Please, help!”

Luckily for her, we were just approaching a stop, and the bus slowed down. Hannah already stood up, hobbling over to the door with her hands jammed between her legs. She wasn’t lying; she had leaked, the back of her shorts was already a little wet. The bus halted and Hannah had to grab the bus pole next to her to regain her balance. Unfortunately that meant that she had to let go of her crotch, and I saw another wet leak spurting into her shorts. The doors opened and Hannah jumped out of the bus; we followed her.

She ran over to a parked car that was standing near the bus stop, and I saw her shorts getting wetter. She had abandoned the battle, and was now wetting uncontrollably, first in her panties, but then she pulled them down and squatted behind the car. Wow, that stream was also pretty forceful. Soon there was a big puddle on the frozen streets. She wasn’t really covered up behind that car, and a handful of people were staring at her, but I think she didn’t care. There was a very big smile on her face.

In the meantime, Sarah was checking out the bus schedule. “Next one in three minutes”, she said, glad that we didn’t have to wait so long. We both felt our bladders filling up in the cold, and Sarah and I realised that we would soon need a bathroom again. For a second I thought about making a precautionary pee here, in the streets, just like Hannah did, but there was no place to cover myself up a little - I saw nothing but some parked cars and empty streets with buildings all around them. I decided that I didn’t want to pee here out in the open, where everyone could see me, so I just had to hold it. I wasn’t that desperate anyway. I hoped I wouldn’t be.

But I would. We got on the bus, went to sit in the back again, and for a good ten minutes I felt just fine, until my bladder was filled up again. Immediately I was getting uncomfortable and I crossed my legs. I was simply tired of holding it all night, but we would arrive at any minute now, and it would be the last time this night that I would have to make that effort. I pressed my knees together and assumed that I would be just fine, although my bladder was constantly sending signals to my brain. I noticed that Sarah’s legs were also crossed, and that she was fiddling with her hands in her pocket. Yeah, she needed a pee too; I knew the symptoms too well. I wasn't really surprised either, after the massive amount of effort she had to make earlier to stop her pee flow. I mean, at that time she probably still had a large amount of urine inside her; no wonder she was filling up so fast again.

One minute later she announced that she needed to pee again, and two minutes later I saw her quickly pressing her hand in her most intimate area. I tried not to think about my own ever growing need, but Sarah’s suggestive movements made it hard for me to do so. I was counting down the streets; I took this bus a lot and I knew its route, so I realized how far we were from my building. We were getting closer, but at a really slow speed. I couldn’t really blame the bus driver, because the icy roads were dangerous, but still; I wished he could go faster than this.

Getting out of the bus before our stop was the last thing that I would do; it was one of the last buses this night, and I didn't want to make a long walk to my apartment in this cold weather. I certainly would have done it if it had been summer; I loved nice evening walks when returning from a party, but not when it was freezing outside. I closed my eyes again, crossed my legs and laid my hand on my swollen belly. “Hold it girl”, I said to myself.

Four minutes later, Sarah started to get in trouble. She had detached the two top buttons of her jeans, and was jamming her knees together. Her hands were glued to her crotch, and she was shifting back and forth in her seat. Sometimes she was accidentally touching me; I know she didn't mean to, but she was also making me nervous that way.

“Shit, I need to go bad!”, she exclaimed. I could hear the frustrated undertone in her voice.

“Are we almost there yet? Oh my God, I will be so happy to see your toilet. It’s like I have the ocean inside of me, I’m that full!”

I kindly smiled and told her that we would be there in just a few minutes.

“How many is a few? I can hold on for another two or three minutes... More than five minutes could be really problematic!” Sarah moaned and leaned forward. Her jeans were still a bit wet, but it wasn’t noticeable anymore.

“Two minutes max, alright?” I knew that was a bit of a lie, but I wanted to cheer Sarah up a little. A hopeless situation was the last thing she needed, I had to give her a little more courage. As I’ve said before; you can always extends your limits a bit further when someone is supporting you. So I also ostentatiously pressed my hands between my legs, making it obvious to Sarah that I needed a pee too. I was almost sure that it would wake the competitive spirit in her; the spirit that would tell her that she could hold her pee for as long as I could. Ok, maybe that wasn’t true, she was way more full than I was, but it was the thought that mattered.

“We’ll go to the bathroom together, alright? We can do this!”, I cheered once again.

Sarah nodded ‘yes’, moaned another time, and undid another button.

“Shit, I think I need to get off this bus, Layla”, she said two minutes later. “I really can’t sit still any longer, I think I’m going to break just like Hannah did...”

“But we’re almost there!” I tried supporting her. “Just one more minute I swear, and you know my apartment is next to the bus stop!”

“Cant we just get out here and walk to your place, please?” Sarah was bending over, biting her lower lip. She opened up another button, and shoved her hands in her jeans, now holding the thin fabric of her panties directly, pressing even harder against her labia.

“Come on, it’s just two more stops, it’s less than one minute! You can do it!”

“But it hurts a little...”

“I know you can do it! We’ll just go to the bathroom together, you and me, like we always do! I just know you can hold it as long as I can!” I hoped the competitive approach would still work.

“So if I pee my pants, so will you?”, Sarah giggled, and I couldn’t suppress a smile either. I loved it, I loved her. Even in this desperate position, she could still pull off a joke.

“Alright”, I said jokingly, “if you wet your pants, I’ll soak mine too.” Don’t get me wrong; I didn’t want to pee my jeans at all, but I was absolutely sure Sarah wouldn’t do it in her pants either. I had witnessed her desperate for a pee dozens of time before, sometimes even more urgent than now, and never had she wet herself. Never. Somehow she could hold it, she just could.

“Promise”, she laughed another time.

“Promise”, I winked. The bus made a turn and entered my street, now it was just a matter of seconds. I pressed the stop sign, and we hobbled towards the bus doors.

CHAPTER 4. THE LAST STOP

“Finally!”, Sarah loudly exclaimed, while the bus took off. Her hands were still in her pants and now that she was standing on her feet again, she made a wild pee-pee dance.

“Oh, mother... I need a fucking pee! It’s time we got of that bus, I can’t even stand still anymore! Come Layla, let’s go!”

I didn't hesitate, and ran towards my apartment; I really wanted a bathroom too. I did not dare to think what would happen next; there was only one bathroom at my small place. Who would get in first? Sure, Sarah was more desperate than me, but it was MY bathroom! And I needed to go as well! I hoped that I would be able to control myself. The front door of my building was just twenty metres away and I arrived first; Sarah was hopping from foot to foot and was moving forward slowly. I opened up my purse and started looking for the front door key, while my legs were carefully crossed. Crap, why was my purse always such a mess? Usually I didn’t care, but now I was in a hurry to find my keys...

“Open the door, open the door!”, Sarah was screaming. That didn't help me at all, I got even more frustrated. And that awful feeling in my bladder wasn’t helping either. Come on, keys! I quickly pressed my hand on my crotch, and continued my search.

“Bingo!” Under a big pile of useless coupons, i found my key ring with all my keys on. All my keys? The key to my apartment was there, together with a bunch of other keys, but the key to the front door seemed to be missing. Uh-oh. Was it possible that I had left the key on my kitchen table? I checked the keys on the ring again, one by one, but the one I was looking for wasn’t on it.

“Come on, what are you waiting for? I’m going to pee my pants if you don’t open that door right now!” Sarah was in total agony.

“Umm... don’t be mad,” I said, “but I think I left my key inside...”

“What? But I need to pee!” Sarah moaned, hard.

I thought deeply; I needed a solution fast. “I’ll call Serena, my downstairs neighbour, she’ll open the door for us!” I grabbed my cellphone and dialled the number.

“Doesn’t matter, as long as I get in the bathroom, NOW!” Sarah was uncontrollably kicking with her feet. I had never seen her like that before, and was getting a bit concerned. Hopefully Serena would answer her phone fast! She did, and she said that she was going to open the door for us.

“She’s coming, hold on just a little longer!”, I tried to support Sarah.

She moaned another time, and froze for a second.

“I can’t hold it any longer, it’s on the verge of my pee hole! I’m going to squat here, I have to!” She looked like she truly meant it.

“No!” I shouted. Serena was going to be here any second now, and I didn’t want to embarrass myself in front of my neighbour - I definitely didn't want her to see my best friend Sarah spraying her urine all over the sidewalk.

“But I can’t hold it...” Sarah opened up the last button of her pants.

“Yes, you can! You can hold it just like I do, just a little longer!”

For some reason, she was listening to me. Maybe she was in no position to argue, or maybe she just believed what I said, although I didn't have a clue off course. But she kept her panties on and did another dance. At that moment, I heard Serena opening the door.

“Thanks for coming down for us”, I said, and then turned to Hannah.

“Here”, I said, “this is the key to my place, it’s at the top floor. Get up fast and open the door, so that Sarah can go to the bathroom immediately!”

I wanted to get there as fast as I could too, but I didn't want to be impolite to Serena; after all she had come to open the door for us, the least I could do was have a little chat with her, instead of running upstairs and ignoring her. Besides, I had to wait to go the bathroom anyway, and I knew that would be easier here, than in front of a closed toilet door. Hearing Sarah’s pee shooting in the bowl would only make it harder for me.

“Wow, looks like she has to go, right?” Serena smiled.

“Yes, I think so too”, I said, not telling her about my own need. Now that my mind was off Sarah’s problem, I felt my own bladder pressing again. I needed to pee, I had to make an effort to keep it in. I crossed my legs and shook my ass a little. I tried to keep my need hidden, but it was hard. I hoped the conversation would be over soon.

“So where did you go tonight?”, Serena asked politely.

“Sweaty basement party”, I said, laughing. “It was a lot of fun, but I’m really tired now. You weren’t asleep, were you?”

“No, I was just about to. Forgot your keys, huh?”

“Yeah, I think they are still upstairs.”

My bladder was really bothering me; painful waves were going through my body. I put my hands deep in my pocket and tried to press my crotch like that, but it didn’t work. I had no choice, I had to tell Serena. It was probably pretty obvious already, I guess.

“I’d love to have a little chat with you, but...” I was hesitating for a second, and swallowed. “Well, I have to go to the bathroom pretty bad too, actually, so...”

“I can see that.” Serena smiled. “Don’t worry, come on, go to your place. I’ll close the door.”

“Thanks.”

I told her goodnight, and then went upstairs. As soon as Serena was out of my sight, I pressed a hand between my legs and unbuttoned my panties with the other one. Oh my God, my bladder was full. That pee was going to be so fucking good! I hoped Sarah would be out of the bathroom already. I was even considering peeing into a bucket or something like that. I just wanted the pee to get out of my body, and not in my pants. My apartment was the last one, on the third floor.

I did the ‘V’-trick to take the pressure off my bladder a little, and was ready to race into my apartment and into the toilet.

But when I arrived at the third floor, I saw Hannah and Sarah still standing in front of the door. Tears were in Sarah’s eyes, and she was shaking like a Polaroid picture. She was biting her lip, doing everything to keep the pee inside her, but I could see that she was in big trouble. Why wasn’t she in the bathroom yet? She must have been in serious pain. She was moaning desperately, obviously close to wetting herself, the waves in her abdomen must have been enormous, but she was still holding on.

“You can do it Sarah, remember, we go to the bathroom together alright! Hold on!” I tried to support her one last time, but I wasn't sure it helped anymore; her body was in control now, I had pushed her over the line, and I felt bad about it.

Then, I turned to Hannah, who was fumbling with the keys in her hands.

“Why is this door not open yet?”, I yelled, angry.

Hannah told me that she dropped the key ring and couldn't remember which one the key to my place was. I snatched the keys out of her hand, and jammed the right piece of metal in the keyhole. I heard Sarah painfully moaning another time behind my back.

“The door is almost open!”, I yelled to her as I turned the key around. I heard the lock of the door clicking into place, but I also heard another familiar sound coming from behind me.

I turned around and I saw Sarah, standing completely frozen against the wall, with her hands in her pants and tears running down her cheeks. It was dark in the hall, so I couldn’t see much detail, but I didn’t have to; the sizzling and splattering sound that was coming from Sarah made it clear enough. She had ultimately lost the fight and was wetting her jeans, in my hallway! She was sighing and sobbing at the same time; the relief must have felt great, but she was also a bit ashamed.

I turned on the lights in my apartment and had a better look at her now. Sarah was still trembling and her pee was coming out in very big waves. Her jeans were soaked in no-time and the puddle was expanding at an unbelievable rate. I knew Sarah was always a forceful pisser, but it was even worse now. I felt sorry for her because it was also my fault; I had pushed her way over the line, I should have listened to her instead of telling her what to do. I felt my own bladder throbbing violently but I was glued on the floor. I felt too bad for her, I couldn't run of to the bathroom now and do what she wanted to do; that would have been too cruel.

I looked deep into Sarah’s eyes and she spread her legs; the damage was done now, running into the bathroom would only make a mess in my apartment. She closed her eyes and enjoyed the relieving feeling that was going trough her body. Urine was gushing down her legs and running in her shoes, which couldn’t absorb the moisture. The pool under her feet was expanding to all places, but Sarah wasn’t done yet, she just kept peeing and peeing.

I pressed my hand on my crotch so my bladder wouldn’t empty itself in sympathy. I tried not to look at Sarah, but I couldn’t do anything but stare at her with my mouth wide open. She pulled her hands out of her jeans and shifted her pants down a little, so I could see her soaked underwear. The wet fabric couldn’t reveal a thing anymore, and I was now staring at her most intimate area. For some reason the sight was mesmerising. A small gush was still coming out from between her lips and ran down in her pants. She finished her pee with a few short jets, and then she raised her head up. She didn’t say anything, but I could see the question in her eyes: “What to do now?”

CHAPTER 5. INSIDE THE APARTMENT

“Get out of your pants and come into my apartment”, I said while doing a small dance. I knew I needed a bathroom too, and fast, but postponed it just another little while; I had to help Sarah first. She stepped out of her soaked shoes and took off her pants afterwards, and gave them to me. I dropped them inside the apartment, and also took her jacket.

“Ok, you better come inside before someone sees you out here”, I told her, “I’ll clean the puddle later.”

It let her go before me, closed the door right behind her and told her to go to my bedroom. I had a good view at her now; the fabric of her underwear was completely wet, and her panties were clinging at her round ass. Small drops of urine were falling from between her buttocks, and her wet socks also left marks on my floor, but that was the least of my problems. I felt burning pee stinging in my body, ready to come out. I didn't have much time left but tried to control myself. I shoved my hand into my pants and into my panties, and pressed on my pee hole as good as I could. We stepped into my room and Sarah removed the rest of her wet clothing. I could see her complete girlhood now, but she didn’t seem to mind. It wasn’t the first time I had seen her naked, but she was really exposing herself now; a direct effect of the alcohol, I thought. She gently brushed her wet legs, and finally spoke up. “I’ve wet my pants Layla, and actually... it felt great.”

She sheepishly smiled and then pulled her shirt down to cover her genitals a bit.

I felt a rush going trough my body. I needed to go to the bathroom before it would be too late.

“I’m going to give you clean clothes in a minute, alright?”, I said to Sarah, “but I really really gotta go to the toilet now before... you know...”

I turned myself around and shuffled to the bathroom with my hands in my panties, but Sarah jumped up, ran past me and blocked the door opening.

“What are you doing?”, I said, surprised by her sudden action, “I have to pee! It’s almost in my pants!”

Sarah started grinning. “You promised, that if I peed my pants, you would soak yours too, remember? Well, I obviously did my part...”

Immediately I realised where this was going to, and out of fear a small leak escaped from my bladder. My fingers were getting a bit wet, and I grasped onto my crotch even harder. Sarah wanted me to wet myself too! Oh God no, I didn’t want to, the bathroom was so close! I closed my eyes and prayed that this wasn't really happening, but when I opened my eyes again, Sarah was still there. My bladder was going crazy inside me - I managed to keep my panties dry, but I would not be able to sustain the pressure for a long time.

Desperately I tried to think of a way so that Sarah would step aside.

Plan A: At first I hoped that she was only kidding - I waited and danced around for a bit, so that Sarah would see that I was truly desperate for a bathroom. Hopefully this way, she would stop playing this joke on me, so that I could go to the toilet. I stared at Sarah’s face and hoped that I would see a bit of sympathy in her eyes. But she kept blocking the door opening by putting her hands against the frame of the door. In the meantime, she was jumping up and down lively, and her shirt was moving upwards. I could see her privates again but Sarah didn’t seem to care; she just gave me a competitive look and started to make hissing sounds with her voice. In her pubic hair there were still a few drops of urine from her own accident, and they dripped down on the floor as she was hopping in all directions. One wet speckle even landed on my foot. After a few seconds I realised that she wasn't playing a game with me; she was dead serious. I had to think of something else.

Plan B: Secondly, I tried reasoning with her. I pleaded, but that made her only smile more. Then I tried to bribe her with everything I could think of; small favours, money, material objects. I promised the world to her, but she didn't flinch, not even for a second. My fingers were furiously pulsating in my panties, but my bladder was pulsating even harder. I needed to get past Sarah, fast! But she just kept on grinning. I reminded her to all the times that I had helped her out when she had been in trouble, I screamed that I needed this favour from her this time. I promised that I would anything for her, that I would owe her big time. But I realised this wasn’t going to help. She would never let me get past her, she wasn’t even hesitating! I doubled over from pain, cursed loudly. Sarah clearly enjoyed her moment, and started teasing me.

Plan D was uncontrollably wetting my panties in my room, so I only had one option left; plan C. And that wasn’t even a real plan. If Sarah didn’t let me pass, I’d have to get past her myself. She was not that strong, especially with all the alcohol in her blood - unfortunately I was in the same condition. But if I was able to weaken her stance just a little, maybe I had a chance. I removed one hand from between my legs to prepare myself for a forceful escape. I stopped dancing around, and sighed.

“Ok, you win, I’ll wet my pants”, I said while acting defeated. I hoped my plan would work...

“I’ll do it here, alright? But are you sure that the front door is closed? I don’t want Serena or anyone else to see me...”

I was absolutely sure the door was indeed closed, but I knew Sarah couldn’t see the front door from her position. She would have to make two steps back - enough to create a small gap between her and the door frame. I planned to jump into that opening so that I could run to the bathroom, which was just meters away. I hoped the fish would bite...

Sarah smiled, celebrating her victory, and made two small steps back. As soon as she turned her head to look at the front door, I started running. I wasn’t there yet, but at least I was closer to the bathroom than I was five seconds ago. Only, Sarah was faster than I expected. Before I could race into the opening between Sarah and the wall, she turned her head again and saw me, approaching her. “Oh, you sly little...!”, she yelled, and closed the gap again.

I realised that I hadn’t been fast enough, but I had a certain pace now, and I just kept running. It was my only way to the bathroom anyway. One hand was still in my panties massaging my privates, while my other hand was ready to push Sarah out of the way. “Let me go!”, I shouted, but Sarah remained standing and tried to stop me. I pulled my other hand out of my pants and then we wrestled for a few seconds. I was winning the battle, but I felt that I was losing control of my bladder. The effort that I had to make was just too big, and another leak descended in my panties. By pressing my knees together I could still hold the rest, but as long as I kept fighting I kept leaking. Fortunately I had passed Sarah, and I ran further to the bathroom, while grabbing my crotch again. I opened the door and saw the white toilet standing in front of me, finally!

But as I slowed down to open the door, Sarah got back to me again and grabbed my body tightly. I tried to get out of her stranglehold, but her arms were firmly hugging me.

“Just pee in your panties!” - “No!”

I started tickling her armpit so that she would loosen her grip, and she did; but in the meantime, she started tickling me in the stomach. I tried not to laugh but I couldn’t help it; it was a sensitive area of me and I couldn't resist it. I pressed a hand into my crotch again and tried to stop the flow from the outside, but it wasn’t helping. As soon as Sarah poked my belly, my bladder opened up the floodgates. My panties and even my pants were getting wet immediately, despite my efforts to keep the rest of my pee inside me. 2-3 second spurts were running in my underwear; I was definitely peeing my pants now.

I still tried to run the bathroom anyway but Sarah wouldn't let me; she kept on tickling. “I’m peeing, I’m peeing!”, I yelled loudly, and Sarah tickled me even harder. I felt the wetness running between my contracted fingers. I felt ashamed and tried to keep the rest of the liquid inside me, but I couldn't help it. Every spurt widened the opening of my urethra a little more so that an even bigger spurt could escape from my body.

“Stop, stop, I’m peeing!”, I yelled again, between my laughter, and now Sarah looked down to see if my pants were already wet. She kept tickling me but loosened her stranglehold, and I took advantage of that. I pushed her out of the way with my last strength, and an unstoppable spurt jetted in my panties.

Finally I was free, but now I really started to pee myself. I didn't try to stop it anymore, because I knew it was no use anyway. Instead, I hurried myself to the bathroom so that the biggest part of my pee would still land in the toilet bowl. As I ran my panties were getting soaked immediately, and I felt wet lines running down my jeans. After three seconds of running and a huge spill of urine, I reached the toilet. At first I removed my jeans, then I tried to pull down my panties to but it was hard; the thin wet fabric was clinging to my butt and my privates. I was peeing so forcefully that the wetness wasn’t running down my legs; instead, it was coming from between my private lips and squirting through my panties.

The torrent of urine then landed in my jeans, and soon there was a puddle in front of the toilet. It took me four full seconds to get my underwear of, and I felt my bladder getting emptier by the second. As soon as I removed my panties, I heard the sizzling sound of the amazing pee, and I felt even more relieved. I had reached the toilet, but I had also soaked my pants. My feet were standing in the warm puddle on the floor and I tried to lift them up a little. God, it felt great. Pee was rushing out of me, together with all the painful and anxious feelings. I emptied myself, physically as well as emotionally.

Then Sarah walked in the bathroom with a stupid big grin on her face; I hadn’t locked the door in my rush. She didn’t say a thing but playfully approached me, while trying to pull her shirt down again. Her privates were covered now, but the harder she pulled the fabric down, the more I could see her breasts. She giggled and then started to tickle me again, while I was still peeing. I didn’t try to fight her this time - I was in no position to do so anyway. The continuous stream faded and now my urine was coming out of me in small jets, every time I laughed. I didn't care, it still felt great, only Sarah’s touches were arousing me a little.

She stopped tickling and started to dance around, celebrating her victory.

“You peed your panties, you peed your panties, you peed your panties...”

Her silly dance made me laugh. “I sure did!”

As the last drops landed in the toilet bowl, I removed my wet jeans from my ankles, and pulled my panties down too. Soon I was standing in the bathroom with only my shirt on, just like Sarah. Seeing that I had set eyes on Sarah’s privates too, I didn’t try to cover my own. I left my wet clothes in front of the toilet and we both walked to my room.

“Let’s go to sleep,” I suggested, “it’s been a long night.”

Sarah yawned and nodded. “But what about the puddles we made?”

“It’s alright, we’ll clean them up in the morning”, I said. “I’m too tired right now...”

I handed over a pair of my knickers to Sarah, and I put a pair on myself too. My legs were still sticky from the dried urine, but I didn't care. I was exhausted, and I wanted to sleep.

I pulled the sheets and we both saw Hannah lying asleep, with nothing on her body except for the panties that she was wearing. Her big bare boobs were pointing at the empty side of the bed - the side where we would have to spend the night.

I sighed. Would this girl ever learn to cover herself up? “Who’s sleeping next to her?”, I whispered at Sarah, hoping that she would say yes so that I wouldn’t be in an uncomfortable position. The double bed wasn't so big and we would be lying very close to each other.

“It’s your bed”, she said, and reluctantly I crawled in the bed, next to Hannah. I hoped that this wouldn't create an awkward situation in the morning...

CHAPTER 6. WET DREAMS ARE MADE OF THIS

Next thing I know is that I woke up hours later, startled from a loud rumbling sound near my bed. Immediately I jumped up and opened my eyes, still tired as hell. My vision was blurred at first and I couldn’t see a thing in the dark room, so I asked silently: “What in Gods name is going on in here?” - not addressing my question to anyone in particular.

“Shhhhh... Sarah is asleep”, I heard a voice say at the window side of the bed, and I turned my head. I could clearly see Hannah in the moonlight - she was standing besides the bed and had one of my textbooks in her hand. Her other hand was holding her crotch, and she was rapidly tripping from one foot to another. I could hear the sound of her feet vigorously tapping on the floor as she grabbed a book from the floor and put it on my nightstand again. Her breasts were bouncing together with the rest of her body, and her nipples were fully erect.

“What are you doing?”, I asked surprised, not seeing things clearly because of the alcohol percentage in my body. I was still drunk, and apparently so was Hannah.

“I have to pee”, she whispered and then sheepishly she added “... dropped your books.”

“Is that it?”, I asked, relieved that nothing was wrong. Just a few of my books that had slipped off my nightstand and had fallen on the ground, no big deal. Hannah nodded and started to take the rest of the books, while dancing around in an even more intense way. She obviously had to pee extremely badly, but at that moment my mind was too hazy to realise that. So I closed my eyes again and mumbled something about going back to sleep.

I heard Hannah putting the books on the nightstand again and her feet still tapping on the floor. I also heard her curse, moan a lot, and her gasping for air. What was she doing? I turned my head again and saw her standing doubled over, with both of her hands jammed between her legs, her legs crossed and her ass moving back and forth. Then she bit her upper lip, loosened the grip on her crotch and grabbed another textbook. But even before she could lay it on top of the nightstand, she shivered, dropped the book and smashed her hands onto her crotch again.

I now realised what was going on, and obeyed to her: “For God’s sake, Hannah, do that in the morning, just go to the bathroom!”

Hannah smiled, as if she was thankful that I had said that, and she tiptoed to the end of the bed, in the direction of the bathroom. I closed my eyes again and tried to get back to sleep.

Minutes later I heard another sound in the room. This time, it was coming from the foot end of the bed. “Hannah?”, I asked, assuming that it was still her, since Sarah was besides me, sleeping like a baby. It was Hannah indeed, and she answered my call with a squeaking sound - like a little bird asking for help. “Hannah?”, I said again, a little more concerned this time. I sat up and stared at her. She was still in the same position as before, with her hands jammed between her legs, but now standing still on the floor - only her buttocks were shivering.

“I can’t find my bra”, she cried for help, and breathed loudly.

“You lost it at the party, remember?”, I reminded her. “Now go to the bathroom!”

“But I can’t find my bra!”, she desperately moaned, louder this time. She obviously wasn’t thinking straight anymore. She doubled over and started to look for the piece underwear in a pile of clothes, but aborted her mission and squeezed her crotch another time.

“Just go without the bra!”, I said - “But I can’t find it!”

I sighed; she wasn’t listening and in big trouble - I had to help her.

I turned on the lights so that I could get out of bed, and Sarah woke up as well.

“What’s happening?” she asked, still half asleep.

“Hannah has to go to the bathroom”, I said, and then looked at Hannah. She looked like a complete mess. Tears were running from her eyes and had ruined her make-up. Her entire body was shaking and her fingers were pulsating against her panties. She was doing my little trick to keep her pee hole shut - well, at least she had remembered something from last night. I could see the desperation and the pain that she was going trough in her eyes. Immediately I jumped out of bed, ran to the bedroom door, and opened it. “Come on Hannah, the toilet is right there!”

But she remained standing, frozen at the same spot, like she couldn't move anymore.

“Hannah!”, I tried once again, but she didn’t move her feet at all. I walked to her and grabbed her hand. “Come with me, I’ll go pee with you!”

Finally I got trough to her, it seemed, because she started shuffling towards the bedroom door with me. Her hot-pants were hanging around her ankles though, and after two seconds she stopped shuffling and doubled over again. I let go of her hand so that she could jam her fingers on her intimate parts again. “Come on Hannah, don’t stop!”, I sighed, but there wasn’t much I could do. I walked to the door, hoping that she would follow my lead. But instead, Hannah bended over and grabbed her hot-pants with one hand. She pulled the piece of fabric up her legs, but couldn’t get it past her knees, then removed the other hand from her crotch, and started pulling the hot-pants with both hands.

Then she shivered again, less than a second after she had released the tight grip on her private parts. I immediately noticed the wet glistering spot on her orange knickers. I hoped it would be just a small leak, but the look in her eyes told me it was something else. She dropped her hot-pants, and now used her hands to cover her face. It was too late. The dark spot on her panties expanded, and soon pee was running down her legs. It looked like her bladder was literally exploding, because the stream shooting out from her body was massive - there was no stopping. She soaked her underwear, soaked the hot-pants which were around her ankles. Soon the two pieces of clothing were drenched, and now Hannah was making a huge puddle on the floor. She just stood there, ashamed, her face covered with her hands.

She peed on for another thirty seconds, and then removed her wet clothes. I gave her a new pair of my panties, she put them on, still sobbing. I hugged her to console her, told her it wasn’t a big deal, and that we would clean up the mess in the morning. Hannah stopped crying after a while, admitted that it had actually felt great, and we went back to sleep.

The next morning I woke up and a penetrating urine smell welcomed me. We had peed our pants last night, all three of us. It was a night I would always remember...

THE END

