First Fiction Ever Written

Author: PWG

*000*2010-09-23 06:15

DISCLAIMER: I wrote this on the fly. IE: 0 drafting, and on the fly research, if any (some knowledge is from myself). Also, I've never written fiction before. I'll do my best. Since I've never done this, I figure I'll do something simple: school wetting. Hope you enjoy.

Tiffany turned into C Parking Lot. Packed. As usual. She never understood why the college never bothered to expand the lot. Cruising for nearly 10 minutes, she finally found a spot near the edge of C-Lot, bordering into the overflow dirt plot the school has been planning to use for a new annex building. For some reason, she wasn't surprised it hasn't happened yet. Typical that the schools were the last to see any money for anything in this state.

Even though she was voted "Most Cheerful" in her Highschool yearbook, a few quick years living in the real world managed to leave her jaded and bored with her routine in life. Almost apathetic in her daily actions, it took quite the convincing from her friends to go to college. And now, after being laid off her last job, she became an even more jaded shell of a person after that.

If you looked at her, you probably wouldn't tell how jaded she was. Tiffany rarely showed her emotions. But if you looked at her long enough, you could tell she was always thinking about something, even if you didn't know what it was. She was a rather normal looking girl though; standing all 5 feet 4 inches tall with a rather fair complexion. She kept her brunette hair shoulder length in a ponytail usually, just to keep her hair out of the way. Average in almost every way, she was a person who almost always blended into the background. Her brown eyes were always behind a pair of black rimmed glasses and were usually never staring back at you, her eyes always seemed to be looking away. Her left arm sported scratches up and down from wrist to elbow, things she received while working her first job at an ice cream parlor, that for some reason figured the roughly cut Plexiglas viewing windows wouldn't be an issue..despite her numerous protests. Another experience that left her jaded.

She killed the engine, got out of her Toyota, and made the trudge into the college's Humanities Building. Her skirt ruffled in the wind. While a little cold out, she wasn't as phased by the breeze since she had her knee-high socks on. Her History class was today. She couldn't quite remember where they left off, but it wouldn't be that big of a bother being History was one of her forte's in school. She had half an hour to kill before class, which meant she had time to peruse the school's food court. She picked up a nice large iced coffee and an Otaku USA magazine, which would keep her entertained for at least half an hour. She had a weakness for coffee. Her most recent job was one at a small coffee shop, which eventually fell victim to the super-chain of Starbucks. Quite the barista, Tiffany enjoyed making and drinking coffees of all kinds.

She walked by a set of tables, and found an empty one and quietly sat down and enjoyed her coffee and magazine. As time passed on, she had finished her coffee and put her magazine into her book bag. She walked back towards her building. After drinking the iced coffee, Tiffany eyed the washroom, but passed...partly on apathy, figuring that the medium soda she had prior to the drive to college wouldn't be that much of an issue. Plus class was only 2 and a half hours..nothing amazingly she couldn't handle. Well, nothing she figured she couldn't handle being she never attempted it before. She jokingly almost thought of it as a challenge. She climbed the flight of stairs to the second story of the building and towards her class. She took her seat, her classmates arrived as well as her professor, and class began. The class picked back up at where they left off in H102: World War II.

The lecture picked back up at the Invasion of Normandy. The professor dimmed the lights and put on some film footage of the invasion from the point of view of the Allies: from inside the landing craft. Tiffany gazed as the landing craft fought the waves and headed towards the beachhead.

Tiffany sat up and stiffened a bit. Apparently all the drinks she consumed were more than she assumed. Her bladder started to fill up. She looked at the clock. Even in the darkened state of the room, she could see that she had 2 hours to go. She thought about it...but she figured she could wait. She started to consider this more of a serious challenge, and for once, was actually determined to complete it, partly due to the fact she didn't feel like getting up. After the film, the professor started to lecture on the finer details of what occurred during Operation Overlord. The lecture proved quite interesting, covering anything from the hardware used by each faction to tactics employed on the field by Allied troops. The lecture took up another hour, and they started to move into discussions.

With an hour left, Tiffany became increasingly more desperate. Her bladder was now quite full, and felt as if it was filling up even more still. To combat this, she crossed her legs in hopes pressure would be relieved. It was, and she felt a little better. She continued to focus on the class. After the discussion, the class handed in their latest essays and they moved onto the next subject: The Battle for Caen. With 45 minutes left, Tiffany figured she should be in the clear.

Sadly, she was just a tiny bit off. With 20 minutes left, Tiffany felt a huge surge about to escape her. She quickly stuffed her hand inbetween her crotch and pressed against her lips through her panties. She was dry, for now. She quickly became nervous in the fact that she had never been this desperate nor did she have any idea what to do. She came up with her contingency plan: dart for the nearest washroom after class was over. She removed her hand as not to draw notice. But to her distress, a few spurts made their way into her panties, making a quarter sized wet stain on them. She blushed, even though nobody could see what she did, she still felt somewhat embarrassed to what she just did.

Five minutes left. She was almost there! Two more spurts. She quickly moved her hand down again to check the damage. Still not that bad...about the size of a half dollar now. As long as she can move fast, she should be okay. The professor finished the lectures for the day, and the class was dismissed. Tiffany briskly walked down the stairs and towards the washrooms only to find her worst enemy: a line out the door. Ugh. She remembered once again that this school seemed to be built so poorly, with only so many buildings housing washrooms, with her building being one of them. She had to make a quick decision. She dashed to her car with hopes she could stop somewhere like a gas station.

This challenge had now turned into more of a distressing situation than a joke. She walked as quickly as her legs would let her. The breeze blew again, though this time she cursed the breeze as it made her urge that much worse. She started to worry she wouldn't make it. She saw her car, almost there!

But her body told her otherwise. She felt wetness between her legs. She looked down and saw droplets falling onto the asphalt. No! It couldn't be! She increased her walking speed and made it to her car and tried to jam her key into the door. The urge become exponentially worse. For the first time in a long time, a shocked expression came across her usually emotionless face. Suddenly, her body froze, and what seemed like a never ending flow of pee came out of her and onto the ground. It showered down her bare legs onto her knee-highs, and into her flats. Her white knee-highs suddenly became tinted pale-yellow as her pee soaked into them, and the excess found its way into her shoes which overflowed when they were at their capacity and then flowed into a puddle on the asphalt.

Finally, it was over. Tiffany looked around in hopes that nobody saw, which from what she could make, nobody did. After the event, she recovered and quickly got into her car and drove off, leaving only a puddle behind. As she drove home, she thought about the entire incident. She was somewhat intrigued by the feeling she had when she lost control. She wondered what it was. It felt new. She decided that maybe, just maybe, she should try it again and see if that feeling was there a second time or not.

To be continued?

###

Well, there you go. It probably wasn't as fantastic as most fiction out there, but again this was my first attempt. I do hope some of you enjoyed. Maybe I'll try again sometime.

