The Girl Who Cried Wolf

Author: Joeybear1999

*000*2016-07-16 09:42

(I'm going to start off by saying that this is my first shot at a story, so any criticism or pointers on how to better my writing would definitely be helpful for future posts! Enjoy!)

"I really gotta get outta here.", Shelby thought as she watched her pre-algebra teacher ramble on about letters that somehow had something to do with shapes. "This is a huge fucking waste of my time. What does any of this even mean? Do these people seriously understand this crap?". Shelby didn't understand basic math, or care to for that matter, and was only in school this particular day because her dad was being extra abusive towards her mom that morning. "Alright, I can't watch this fat fuck flap his greasy jowls anymore." Shelby raised her hand up high, and wiggled it furiously, jangling her many bracelets which clanked loudly, enough to get Mr. Dawkins' attention. "Yes, Miss Pearlman?", he said in an exasperated tone, as he did not like being interrupted. "I gotta use the bathroom, sir.", Shelby said already knowing the response she'd get. "I don't know Shelby, this is a really important lesson today, and you'll need to know this for tomorrow's assignment."

"I know, I promise I won't ask you tomorrow, I just need the bathroom real bad sir!"

"Alright, but I'm holding you up to your word on that promise, Miss Pearlman.", said Mr. Dawkins. And with that Shelby walked out of the classroom, not to be seen again for the whole day.

Shelby usually spent her time going to her friends houses to bum a few bucks off of their parents, or maybe some food or to take a quick shower. She made money by stealing jewelry from locally owned pawn shops and selling them to other, more branched out pawn stores. She spent the money she made on drugs and booze and slutty, two sizes too small clothes, that actually showed off her slim but curvy figure well. Shelby was very attractive, although she didn't think so, with jet black hair, pale skin, and the most gorgeous black eyes. She was about 5'6", 115lbs, with descant sized breasts and a very good butt, according to some of her past flames. She was 17 years old, about to turn 18, but without a job, so moving out of her parents house seemed to be a thing of her dreams.

Shelby got home to see her mom laying on the tattered and stained couch, bleeding from her left nostril with two black eyes and a jar of whiskey in her left hand. "Momma, you alright?", asked Shelby as she kneeled down next to her mother. "I'm good, peach, your daddy did a number on me today. He's just in a bit of a mood, he'll get over it while he's out with Clint."

"He's not my dad.", replied Shelby. "And he sure as hell won't be getting over shit when I see him tonight!"

"Now, baby don't you get all mad on him now, he's the only one that's keeping this roof over our head.", said Shelby's mother. "Momma you can't just let him-". Shelby noticed her mother's blue jeans begin to turn dark around the crotch as it became apparent that she had too much to drink. "Mom, Jesus Christ you're too drunk, go get changed, you've pissed yourself!".

"Hmm?", replied Shelby's mother as she looked down at her soaked jeans. "Oh, damn, peach I'm sorry. I'm so embarrassed, I'm gonna hop in the shower."

"No Momma, you need to just change your pants, you're too fucking wasted to be anywhere near running water." , said Shelby. "Ha, alright honey, that probably isn't the smartest idea...that's why I love ya peach, you're always so smart and keeping me outta trouble!"

"Just go change and go to bed Momma, I love you.", replied Shelby. "Love you too peachy."

Shelby went to the kitchen to get a dishrag to clean her mother's urine off of the already stained couch started scrubbing. "I'm always cleaning up after her, might as well be her mom.", thought Shelby as she pinched her nose to keep the urine smell out of her nostrils. "God damn!", Shelby shouted. "This is so fucking gross, Momma you need to see a doctor!"

"Huh?", shouted a confused mother from her bedroom. "Nothing, ma."

Shelby finished scrubbing the couch and decided she needed to shower and head to bed. She quickly hopped in the shower and lathered her hair in Pantene, soaped her body up with some of her dad's old spice, and rinsed off. Shelby put on a plain white tee shirt and some black lace panties and dried her hair in front of her mirror. "My nose is so damn huge, no wonder that piss smelled so foul...", Shelby thought to herself. She had always had self confidence issues, even though she constantly had boys hitting on her at school, (when she did go, that is.) Some of the things she particularly didn't like about herself consisted of her ears, her teeth slightly out of line teeth, the way her mouth lay uneven when she smiled, and of course her boobs, which she always thought were too small.

Shelby finished drying her hair and hopped onto her bed, quickly drifing into a deep sleep, although having no reason to be exhausted, Shelby always seemed to fall asleep extremely easy and extremely deep, sometimes causing problems with her bladder, that seemed to fill up 100x faster when she was asleep, causing her to usually wake up in dire need for a piss, which she could always take care of as soon as possible, as the bathroom was right next to her bedroom.

"SHELBY!", yelled her father, startling her awake. "Ugh, what?", groaned Shelby as she rolled over to face her livid father in her doorway. "WHY THE HELL AREN'T YOU AT SCHOOL YET!?".

"I thought it was Saturday!", Shelby lied. "JESUS CHRIST GET THE FUCK UP AND GET OUT OF THIS HOUSE, I NEED TO TALK TO YOUR MOTHER!"

"ALRIGHT, FUCK!", Shelby screamed as she hopped out of bed, quickly throwing on some jeans and a hoodie. "Bye, peachy!", yelled her mother as Shelby rushed outside of the front door to head to her neighbor Dominick's house to hitch a ride. "Dom.", said Shelby as she knocked on the screen door of his trailer. The door was opened to reveal a 21 year old skinny dude with buzzed hair and a goatee. "Rough mornin'?", asked Dom jokingly as he stood in the doorway. "Yeah, he's being a dick as usual, you mind giving me a ride to school? I didn't wanna go today but-", "But you want to better yourself and be able to get a job in the future?" Interrupted Dom as Shelby eyed him annoyed.

"No,", said Shelby, "Because that asshole is being a dick, you know this, now let's go!". Shelby quickly regretted being so hasty to Dom as she got inside his car only to realize she was absolutely busting for a piss. "Shit.", thought Shelby as she felt her full bladder pressing against the waist of her jeans. "I hate school bathrooms, there's no way in hell I can hold this in all day." Although Shelby often pretended she needed a piss to get out of class everyday, she would never even dare set foot in one of those awful bathrooms at her low-budget ghetto school. "Looks like I'm gonna have to tough this one out today...", Shelby thought as she wiggled her butt in her seat. "Um, what?", asked Dom as Shelby jumped in her seat, releasing a few drops of piss into her black lacey panties. "Um, nothing, I just was thinking out loud I guess.", responded Shelby. "Oh, what're ya thinking about then?".

"Nothing Dom, just get me to school, okay?", said a clearly agitated Shelby. "Aright, damn, don't need to bitch, I'm doing you a favor.", snapped Dom. Shelby didn't respond. She was too focused on one; keeping the piss in her body, and two; thinking of a possibly opportunity to leave school and sneak home for a piss without her father noticing.

Shelby made her way into the cafeteria as she usually did on days she was forced to come to school, and scanned the cafeteria trying to find her girls, as she called them, who were freshmen that she always took advantage of.

Shelby eventually located her "girls", Quintsy, Lexie, and Tessy, and took a seat. "Hey.", said Shelby as she plopped down into a chair next to Tessy and Lexie. "Hey,", said Lexie, "You usually call us bitches and tell us to fuck off in the mornings, what's your deal, you take some Prozac this morning?".

"No, I'm just tired."

"No you're not," , accused Quintsy, "You're just high as a kite!"

"Sure,", replied Shelby. "Let's go with that." The bell soon rang, followed by an announcement over the intercom. "Students, we would like to remind you that you should report to your 8th period class for all-day semester testing, report to your 8th period class."

"Fuck!", squeaked Shelby as she remembered her promise to Mr. Dawkins. "What's wrong Shelly?", asked the girls in unison. "First of all," , snapped Shelby, "don't call me that. Second of all, you don't need to know shit about me, just do what I say and that's it okay? We are NOT friends.".

"Yes ma'am.", said the girls, as they were usually to refer to Shelby as. "There is no way I'm going in those filthy bathrooms.", thought Shelby. She was determined to hold it until she could find an opportunity to ditch school and have a pee in the comfort of her home. Shelby walked as quickly as she could, thighs pressed tightly together, as she walked to Mr. Dawkins' classroom.

As Shelby entered the classroom, she was greeted by a slightly grumpy Mr. Dawkins, as he handed her two test papers. "Didn't expect to see you here today, Miss Pearlman. Have you got a pencil?"

"Um...", Shelby stumbled for words as her bladder was now reaching it's limit. "I'll take that as a no, here you go." Shelby took her pencil and waddled over to her desk and plopped down. "Alright,", snapped Mr. Dawkins. "Don't put on a little show, you promised me you wouldn't ask to be excused so don't sit there acting like you're having an emergency, okay?" All the students in the class all looked over at Shelby, who realized she had been very obviously desperate to use the toilet since she got in the classroom.

The embarrassment got to Shelby, making her lose focus on her bladder and allowing two large spurts to escape into her panties. Shelby gasped and her hands quickly shot to her crotch in a desperate attempt to hold back the impending disaster. The whole class started giggling at what they thought was just Shelby putting on a little show to get out of the classroom, which Mr. Dawkins seemed to have none of. "Shelby!", yelled Mr. Dawkins. "Get your hand out from between your legs and start on your test! Same with all of you students, I am not having it today!".

"Mr. Dawkins, I-", "Shelby, shut up!", interrupted Mr. Dawkins. Shelby couldn't take it anymore. Tears began to well in her eyes as she began to beg. "I-I," , Shelby couldn't get two words out of her mouth before she starting sobbing. She soon lost all control of her bladder, releasing a hot torrent of pee spraying into her panties and out onto her jeans. She peed with such force the the golden liquid sprayed through her cupped hands and out onto the floor. Shelby's hot piss sprayed all the way down the legs of her light blue jeans, soaking them and running into her black and white converse sneakers.

Shelby peed for almost 45 seconds before it slowed down into a steady stream, overflowing the chair she was sitting in, and spilling onto the floor. She put her head into her hands and started balling like a little kid as everyone watched her in shock. A 17 year old girl completely soaked her jeans in class. Shelby soon felt a hand touch her shoulder. "Shelby," said Mr. Dawkins with sympathy. "I am so sorry, let me take you to the nurse." She stood up revealing her gorgeous ass completely soaked with piss, the bottom of her hoodie even receiving some of her accident. "Josh, can you go down the hall and get the janitor to come clean this up for me please?", asked Mr. Dawkins as he held a sobbing and wet Shelby. "Alright.", said Josh, leaving to go get the janitor.

Mr. Dawkins walked Shelby down the hall to the nurses office, who immediately noticed her predicament and gave her some cheap, flowery panties and some Hello-Kitty sweatpants to change into. "I'm really sorry Shelby, I thought that-", "It's okay. I always cry wolf, I guess. It's my fault.", interrupted Shelby. "Well," said Mr. Dawkins, "I'm sorry about this whole situation, I know this is seriously embarrassing. What didn't you just go before class hun?"

"I uh, kind of have this thing about the school bathrooms...", replied Shelby. "Ha, well that's awfully rich coming from someone who always asks to go to one!", laughed Mr. Dawkins. "Yeah, I guess it is isn't it?" Both Shelby and Mr. Dawkins were now hysterically laughing. "So,", said Mr. Dawkins. "do you want me to bring your test in here for you to finish, or do you want to come back to class?"

"Uh,". Shelby really didn't want to go back to that classroom. "Sir, is it alright if I- maybe if I could, take it home with me?"

"Hmm. Alright, but that's only because I made this whole thing happen! And I want it back by tomorrow ma'am, finished, okay?"

"Definitely!", said Shelby now in a cheerful mood. "Alright, I'll see you tomorrow Shel."

"You too Mr. D!" And with that Shelby grabbed the plastic bag that carried her soaking jeans, panties, and hoodie, and went out the door, starting her long walk home. Shelby looked forward to completing her test for Mr. Dawkins, even if she was probably going to fail it. She was surprised at how caring and understanding he was of her situation. Shelby smiled as she walked down to the bus stop a block away from the school. She sat down on the bench, only to feel her stomach give a cramp and a grumble. "Fuck.", said Shelby under her breath, as she realized she yet again needed a bathroom, but this was not a need that was going to wait. The only bus back to her neighborhood arrived just as she considered running back to school, and she knew she was in for yet another interesting experience.

(Alright, so I know this probably isn't very good, but I reallllyyyy appreciate you reading this, and I look forward to writing more about this character if you guys are interested! Now if you'll excuse me, I've got to have a piss and go to bed!)

*002*2016-07-16 21:03

{{1 hour ago, Ranpalan said:

Oh, wow, this is depressing. It's not bad writing for a first time; you should read up on how to format dialogue

, though. Interesting choice of characters.

}}

Haha, sorry you found it depressing, and I absolutely will, thanks for the advice.

*003*2016-07-18 00:05

I'm thoroughly disappointed that nobody liked this story. I mean, I thought it was okay? Is it just not good or something? I thought it would actually get more that one reply, one that claimed the story was "depressing", which is okay, I asked for critique but...ow. Just ow. I'll probably never write again on this site, hell, I spent so much time writing that thinking people would actually care to see it, but no, I suck at dialogue structure, my story is depressing, and I've only got an interesting choice of characters.

I'm freaking embarrassed man. Was the wetting not good enough, I mean it says over 500 people have viewed my story, so how come nobody liked it or left a little comment? Is it really that bad? I'm a generally happy person and pretty positive about everything but I wanted to make a name for myself on here. Do I need more detail? What's so depressing? Is it the abusive father who only made one appearance in the story? I'll try harder next time, I promise, it'll be perfect, not depressing, interesting, and I'll be damned if it doesn't get noticed. I just want answers, but out of thousands of people on this site one person was all I got to notice it? Please, just answer.

*005*2016-07-18 02:02

Thanks. I'm pretty embarrassed if I'm honest I was drinking earlier.

*007*2016-07-18 02:33

{{31 minutes ago, Night Rain said:

No problem you do some talent and the more you write the better you'll get. If you ever need ideas for anything don't be afraid to drop me a line?

}}

Yeah sure, thanks for the advice haha.

*011*2016-07-18 23:30

Thanks everyone. I'm sorry for freaking out a bit about it, but I like all of your ideas and I'd like to write a part 2 soon enough.

