Unintentional Invocation

Author: RosaE836

*000*2015-04-24 06:01

Entry One: Introduction and a ghost

So this is a story I will post whenever a chapter is ready. It is something I've been writing while coming up with ideas for my other stories, and I hope everyone reading it will enjoy it as much as I enjoy writing it. A word of warning, it contains omotsu (diapers).

I've always believed that everyone has something physically or mentally good and bad about them, even if it's unbalanced (I'd explain more on it, but I'm not trying to push my beliefs onto others).

Also, I don't believe such a magical act can happen, so don't say I'm stupid for believing sorcery can change someone's physical well-being, because I don't. :P

I thought I may as well take an account of what has been happening in my life, so I rummaged through my closet and found an old notebook I had lying around. It was under a bunch of old school supplies and other junk, so I'm surprised it doesn't have anything written down. Oh, I forgot to tell you my name, it's Isabelle, and I just turned eighteen a few weeks ago.

I love keeping my brown hair long, and I tie it on both sides in twin-tails with bows ("Twin-tails AND bows? You must look super cute!" You may say. Well yes, I am super cute). I'm still in school, so I might not write in this as often as I should, but I'll try to keep as up to date as possible in case something weird happens. Oh, and whoever is reading this, don't hate me if I draw a picture or two in here, I'll try my best to keep them cute and on the side of the pages that are not lined. Well, that's good enough for an intro, so the rest will be less blah and more content. I'm in a hurry to write this, so excuse my rushed drawing below.

{{ 

}}

I can't explain the joy I am feeling right now, it's overwhelming, and it's enveloping me like a fire engulfing the tip of a torch, it may flicker, yet it stays practically the same, unhindered and radiating for all to see. Yet it's more than that, like the first time you learn to ride a bike, or hitting your first home run. I guess what I'm trying to say is, it is that amazing once in a lifetime feeling, the one that you can't do anything but cherish the moment.

Just a few moments ago, I walked into my room thinking about my predicament. I've had a lazy eye for as long as I can remember, and it hindered stuff such as reading a book to playing video games to even doing homework, as I could feel the strain drain the energy from me so easily, not to mention the depth perception made other activities difficult. You could expect my excitement when some sort of ghost had said it could change all that in a flash.

Well, at first I was thinking I was seeing things, as most sane people would upon meeting the dead in their bedroom, but then I decided it didn't hurt to ask a few questions. "Will I experience any pain or unpleasantness if what you say is true?"

The ghost smiled so warmly that, for a second, I thought it had rejoined the living. "Yes, but I can assure you that you'll think it so minimal it is barely even a factor."

Acknowledging the point, I continued on with my questions. "Will I remember everything before this process, and will the world change to if I never had my lazy eye at all?"

The ghost seemed to have a laid back attitude to such a momentous event. I assumed he, no she, no it, had done it so much beforehand, and that I just never knew because "While you'll remember," it stated, "everyone will think they have never known you any other way. All paper records will change as well, so nothing will clash with it. Any personal stuff will stay untouched, as someone could just think you're imagining things."

I knew it was too good to be true, this never happened so smoothly! I've read my share of stories where something or someone would grant wishes, and I assumed that "There has to be a catch."

The ethereal being simply waved its hand, thinking nothing of the matter. "Oh, you have to replace it with some other stigma, whether it be a loss in lifespan, loss in intelligence, color blindness, the list goes on. But I know a girl like you can decide soon."

I was nervous, for, while I was determined to correct my eyesight (for more than just medical reasons, mind you,) I had no idea what to replace it with. Should I risk living a shorter life? No, I thought, why wish for an improvement with less time to use it? And color blindness was a no, as it seemed as bad as having poor depth perception. I racked my brain for answers, and an odd response left my mouth. For the brief second I had thought about it, I thought like a genius, although that soon died away. I quickly realized the flaws, but much like an inventor desperately trying to find something new, I went ahead with my plan. I almost slapped myself for saying it, but it seemed manageable at the time.

"Incontinence, I'll go with that."

The phantom started thinking, and responded confused. "Which one, or do you mean both fecal and urinary?"

My cheeks blazed as I stuttered out my response. "U-urinary, of course! And why did you also offer both, shouldn't a deal like this be balanced in some way?"

The shade moved its shoulders in an uncaring manner. This thing's lack of care for the situation was really grating on me, but I listened to what it had to say. "It's not about fairness when it comes to handicaps, so long as it's sufficiently damning."

I could have laughed at my luck! A little trouble with pee was more if not just as damning as the hindrance of my perception? I'm getting off easy! That's what I thought, at least.

The ghost asked me if I was willing to trade my lazy eye for the unsavory (yet much more manageable) loss of bladder control. I nodded yes, for it seemed like an impossibly easy response. It went through what it called the formalities of sealing the contract, stating that my incontinence, while not absolute, was so uncontrollable and so unpredictable that I almost exclusively wore diapers.

I felt awkward with this, but I still cared little for it. I had always chosen to wear skirts and dresses, so I didn't have to worry about someone seeing an unnatural bulge in my pants and understanding my predicament.

It went on to say that I had tried some days to switch back to panties, yet those days all met a damp end, publicly or not so publicly. It mentioned a small thing about fecal incontinence (that I shall not repeat) before saying a few necessary changes that would occur. It finished off by saying it would return in two weeks time to see if it truly was a debuff I preferred.

After a few swift motions, I could feel every part of my body, inside and out, heat up. As my flesh practically baked, my eyes, especially my lazy eye, throbbed, and my vision seemed to zoom in and back out. This sight made me nauseous, so I closed my eyes to keep from spilling my guts. I slowly was lifted a half foot in the air, feeling as if something otherworldly were carrying me aloft. My short skirt grew an inch or two in length, and my panties seemed to press more tightly around my legs than ever before. Suddenly, my panties felt plasticky, and my butt seemed heavy from an extra weight that was added. When I finally landed, a sudden chill replaced the uncomfortably hot feeling.

Then that new feeling struck. It wasn't an entirely unique feeling, as I had felt it a few times before, but all the same it was rather unpleasant. My body was crying out that it needed to pee now, and I tightened my muscles as I bent forward and moved my thighs closer to keep the feeling at a minimum. My thighs, however, barely moved in at all, feeling resistance, and so I lifted my skirt to see what the problem was. To my surprise, a big, taped diaper was wrapped around my legs, so large that I couldn't keep my legs together. The urge to go hadn't subsided in the slightest, and I could feel it leak past my grip as it pretty much stated it wouldn't wait much longer before releasing entirely.

With the uncomfortable new garment around my legs, walking seemed more difficult than before, and I practically waddled to the bathroom, feeling my diaper grow warm as I trickled nonstop into it. My pee was making it slowly but surely bigger and bigger, and the warm feeling felt inviting to my bladder, the stream redoubling in power. Reaching the bathroom never felt like such a useless act as when I (not even closing the door from such rapid desperation,) lifted my skirt.

I first tried sliding it down my legs like panties, yet I couldn't grip it well enough due to its smooth texture, and it was wrapped so tightly around my butt with the tapes that I couldn't move it at all. Next I tried the tapes, but by the time I realized I had no clue how to remove them, my pee emptied out of me at full force, quickly being licked up by the diaper. I was peeing so fast that some of it pooled around my crotch, and it almost felt like I was peeing on myself, although that technically was exactly what was happening.

I don't know why, but my emotions got ahead of me, and while tears filled my eyes, I choked out a pitiful cry as I couldn't stop what seemed almost in partial control. Walking out of the bathroom proved worse, as I ran into my mother, who knew what happened in an instant. "No need to cry." She said. "That's what diapers are for." To my horror, she lifted up my skirt and said "That can hold two more wettings, so don't feel uneasy if it seems you can't make it again today."

I nodded, for what else could I do? I was too preoccupied with my own emotions to even care about some other response. I tried walking to my room when my mother placed a hand on my shoulder. I turned to see her strict 'no jokes' face as she whispered, as if someone else were in the room, "I know you've really been wanting to show your friend you can keep it all under control and show you can wear panties again, but this little incident shows otherwise. I'll change you before she comes over if you wish, so there's no need to worry about accidents." She then gave a smile that seemed to irritate me tremendously, especially with her next words. "It must be great not worrying about stopping what you're doing to visit the bathroom, right?"

I tried to show my anger by stomping to my room, but it seemed more childish than rebellious, as I had to stop early from my bouncing, slightly sagging diaper. Not only was it chaffing, it seemed like the used garment pressed up against me in my... you know... before falling, and my breathing became more heavy and segmented from where it was constantly touching. With that in mind, I stopped my pitiful act of rebellion before I collapsed on the floor.

But I just realized I've been talking only about the bad, barely mentioning why I love today, so I may as well say why I am right now overjoyed! Despite locking myself in my room in anger, I could actually read a book for hours and only feel the normal hint of fatigue as comes naturally to all of us. This got me thinking what else I could do that I couldn't before (or couldn't do so well). Such a thought made up for the fact I had incontinence that I even decided to pee into my diaper voluntarily when the urge returned, not feeling depressed in the slightest. I'll write more after I hang out with my friend tomorrow, so I'll just end this here for now while I get a fresh diaper.

*002*2015-04-26 04:18

Thanks for the praise, and I didn't reply to your post earlier because I was actually planning on getting another chapter done today! Here it is!

Entry Two: The Undead are Annoying

Owowow... I finally got time to write in this, and I have to tell you, this was a long, long day. Were do I even begin?

So I guess I'll go through it chronologically; After I had went to bed after my last entry, I woke up to find my diaper was wet. I'm not a bed wetter, but I guess I kind of expected that to happen due to my new situation. Anyways, I pull off my pajamas and put on a shirt, yet when I pull out a pair of panties I hear "You sure you're going to wear those?" right behind me.

Well, of course I was surprised to hear anyone in my room, so I let off a startled scream before I turn around, seeing the ghost lying on my bed. That pervert ghost was just lying back just staring at the ceiling as if there was nothing wrong with what it had just done. I quickly cover myself up as best I can (I'm not wearing anything down below, after all, the perverted phantom surprised me before anything like that was possible). "What are you doing here, you creep?!" I ask, because I was positive it was coming back in two weeks.

Yes, I just checked my last entry, it says two weeks.

Anyways, it shook its head saying "Well, I was going to give you the option to change back then, but said nothing of showing up from time to time to observe. There's not much for ghosts like me to do, so I really don't see any point not observing."

Now, I have to admit, I did blow my stack and say a few words that I shouldn't have, but it deserved every word I said. What made me even more angry was that it was unfazed. I mean, I said some very hurtful words! Its absolutely uncaring attitude made me carry on for a minute longer before I opened my door, pointing out and saying "Even if you're going to 'observe' me, at least let me get dressed in peace."

It simply replied "Nah, I just got comfy here." Then it waved its hand saying "You can leave if you want, though." So I did. I took a skirt with me and stomped out, absolutely vexed.

I walked by my mother on my way to the bathroom, and she asked what was wrong. I just mumbled a few angry words, just trying to get away from that stupid apparition. I made sure to dress quickly, because that ghost was probably going to get bored soon and start looking for me. I exited the bathroom only to have it floating behind me. This wouldn't have been too bothersome, yet it decided to ask me soooooooo many questions! "What happened yesterday?"

"What friends do you have?"

"Is that your mother? She looks younger than I imagined."

"Where is your father?"

"Why are you so angry?"

{{ 

}}

By the time I reached the kitchen I was furious! Everything it said made me irritated, and just knowing I couldn't just shut it up just made me angrier! My mom had made breakfast, which I would have thanked her for, but I was seething with rage. Luckily, my mother took the hint and didn't ask any questions, although I think she may have assumed something totally wrong (I had it a week ago, so I'm not lying!)...

I guess I was too angry to hear the doorbell ring, or even to notice my mother answer it, because soon my friend was next to me tapping my shoulder. "You okay, Isabelle?" I hear from beside me.

Seeing my friend in such a worried state helped me calm down a bit, and I tried to block out the questions from the specter while I answered. "Yeah, sorry Rachel, I'm just having a bad start of the day."

"Really? Your mother told me you only just woke up."

I was a little nervous at what I heard. My mother wasn't too big of a blabber mouth, but I do know she seemed to talk more than I thought necessary. She probably was saying something about... Actually, I don't even remember what I had been thinking then, because something totally unexpected happened. I felt my panties growing damp, and I instinctively closed my legs. I hadn't really known of such a sensation before (or lack there of), and I could feel my cheeks heat up. The flow stopped, but my friend took note of the motion. "Do you have to-"

"B-bathroom..." I said, not really thinking of what else to say as I got up to pee. I felt a small leak start up again when I reached the toilet, but by then I was able to pull my panties down and actually use a toilet again. This sorta made me realize that I should get used to peeing a little more often normal, although I guess what happened later seemed to prove it even more.

I mean, I was one of the girls blessed with a bladder of steel, although I still had a close call or two when I got cocky. However, I never recalled talking about some random stuff with my friend when she would suddenly stop and stare at my skirt. That happened today, and at first I was confused, because I had gotten so into talking about something that just happened a few days ago in class, when she suddenly stopped talking all at once and looked down below my waist. We were sitting on my bedroom floor at the time, and I guess I noticed something a bit odd at first, but I swear I couldn't feel myself peeing all over the floor! Like, I couldn't feel anything until it was brought to my attention, and then all at once the wetness, the heat, even my panties clinging to my skin suddenly registered.

"I-I'm so sorry!" I apologized, standing up quickly. I could feel the pee trickle down my already wet legs, and my now yellowed skirt was dripping pee. The carpeting underneath me squished, and tears rolled down my cheeks. My friend must have gotten the sense to look away (and get some distance from the puddle) before saying "You should... probably get cleaned up..."

I nodded, getting some clothes and another pair of panties. I tried walking out of the room, but my friend held me back. I turned around to see her pointing at the new pair of panties I was holding. "Um, y-you don't have to worry about wearing a diaper every time you're around me, it's fine."

I was taken aback with her reaction. Normally I would have said it was a crazy idea, but it's as if the new memories the spirit placed in my head were overriding my response. "B-but only babies wear them, I don't want to look like a baby!"

"Adults need them too, you know. We both know it's much better if you wear the diaper instead."

I felt like I was going through this conversation on autopilot, almost as if I were spectating instead of contributing. "I-I... I... I guess..." I walked to the drawer and traded panties for a diaper, which I half hid from view. Reaching the bathroom I dried myself off as best I could before placing a new diaper on. I didn't apply powde I didn't... You know what, I'm terrible at crossing things out, and I write too heavily to fully erase, so I may as well continue writing what I just crossed out.

The other day, when I got a fresh diaper, my mother had applied powder (which I shied away from, for obvious reasons). My mother had responded with "I know you hate this part, but you know you'll get a rash otherwise." I decided to just have my mother finish up, because I definitely didn't want a rash. I didn't remember what one felt like, but from my guess then, it was pretty much a sunburn, just in your lower regions. [shiver] I didn't want that.

Anyways, I didn't apply any powder to this diaper, because the smell would be super obvious with my friend nearby.

Anyways, we went on talking some more, we played some games and soon she left. I laid back on the couch, feeling my sodden diaper rubbing against me. I had wet it twice since my diaper was applied, so I decided to just let it soak up one more before I got it changed. I guess I sorta forgot about how I didn't have any baby powder on, so... yeah, sunburn in lower regions feel, not good.

Owwww... it still hurts...

Well, I was going to write more, but now that my mind is back on this stupid rash, it's diff-

...So that happened. Yeah, so while I was writing in the journal, my mom walked in and asked me why I hadn't asked her for a diaper change. I first sorta tried to play it off and say I had changed myself, and I flashed her my diaper to prove I was still wearing one. Yeah, apparently while writing this I wet again, so it was super obvious it was going to leak. She grabbed me by the arm while she said I should be changed right away. I let her, you know, because I also wanted to be out of the sodden diaper. Well, she saw the rash, asked me why I had it, and after I explained how I had not only wet my panties, I had also wet the floor, my brand new skirt (and a little bit of my shirt) and then forgot to use baby powder, and then I had even left a diaper on to the point of it almost leaking on my bed... Yeah, she was angry.

Ow, this hurts worse than the rash... or maybe it just hurts more than normal because of the rash...

Yeah, she sorta... spanked me...

Don't laugh! I know what you're thinking, but hasn't your mother ever spanked you? I mean, I know I'm eighteen and all, but... Yeah, I kinda deserved it. She would do that when I snuck out to my friend's house without telling her, so I'm kinda used to it by now, since I did that a lot.

I'll just end this here, then. I'm sure I'll get some peace and quite. I noticed the ghost has been a little quite after my spanking (the perv must have been getting a full three ring circus right there), so I think I should use that as a chance to get some beauty sleep. Tomorrow's Sunday and my family isn't religious, so I get to sleep in as long as I want!

*003*2015-07-14 09:48

I will be updating this story when I get the other image ready to go (which will take a couple days) but I decided to say this before hand. Since it's a little fiddly and prone to my own fault of just messing it up to post new chapters here, I have decided to only post in the fiction section for this story (button at the top-right of any page, can't miss it). For those who haven't used it before (there are quite a few) it's much easier to read stuff on, and definitely easier to write on. My favorite thing is that, unlike on this page (because as I said, I'm really good at messing stuff up), you can click on the image, and instead of linking to another page, it will have a cool expanding overlay.

Er, enough 'advertising' of the fiction section, yeah, the best way to find out when a new chapter is out is by simply following it like one would do to a topic. Here's the link, and I hope those who enjoy this story don't abandon ship just because i decided to keep from posting to both sections for this story. (if the link doesn't work and somehow you can't find it any other way, just pm me.)

%https://omorashi.org/story/378-unintentional-invocation/

