Poor her - Page 7

Author: largebio

*152*2019-01-20 11:37

The other girls have happily agreed to Laura's suggestion, and after dinner all four can already feel an urge to pee. They plan some games with their families and by the time they head to bed they all have trouble hiding their desperation.

"Oww, I really need to go", Natalia says in the privacy of the four girls' bedroom.

"You're not the only one", Karolina says, fidgeting slightly.

Anna and Laura also admit they're quite desperate.

"Let's get rid of these clothes, so at least they stay dry", Anna says taking her shirt off.

The other three quickly follow, and then lay down under their blankets. They chat for a bit, but soon Natalia is hardly laying still.

"Looks like the eldest has the smallest bladder", Karolina says.

"Normally, yes...", Laura answers happily, knowing her cousin's girlfriend's right.

But under the cover of her blanket, Anna is secretely holding herself tightly.

"Come on big sis, you don't wanna embarrass our side of the family, do you?", Laura says to annoy her sister even more.

"I won't!", Natalia says, kowing she's likely to.

Half an hour goes by, Natalia squirms more and more. And then she gasps, a spurt has escaped her tired muscles.

"Is my big sister pissing her bed?", Laura asks teasingly.

"No, it was just a spurt", Natalia says while feeling another spurt escape.

Five minutes and six spurts later, a hissing sound fills the silence in the room.

"Still not?", Laura asks.

"I am", Natalia admits, "I just can't stop it".

She pees for a good minute and a half and the hissing isn't doing any good to her cousin's predicament. Anna is now sitting on her knees facing Karolina, both hands in her crotch.

"You're looking cute", Karolina says, "and desperate..."

"I'm about to lose it", Anna admits, feeling a trickle find it's way through her hands. She clenches harder and tighter, but to no avail.

"Aww babe, are you pissing youself?", Karolina asks rhetorically.

"Sorry honey, it's just coming out".

"Don't worry about it. It's making me wet in a whole different way" Karolina says causing the others to burst into laughter.

"Owww. Dont make me laugh", Laura says.

"Or what?", Karolina laughs.

"I'm gonna lose it too".

Anna pees for about the same amount of time as Natalia, and five minutes later Laura is bouncing on her bed.

Then, without any warning spurts, pee starts pouring out of her. She lies on her back, and the pee creates an arch that's a couple of centimeters long.

"Wow, that looks impressive. You pee with so much power", Karolina says.

"Haha thanks! And congratulations, looks like the latest addition to the family has the strongest bladder".

"Wow, one day in and yu're already calling me family", Karolina says flattered.

"We're butt-naked pissing our beds in front of you, so yeah I guess we can call you family", Natalia adds.

"Okay, enough with being kind and nice. It's time to end this", Anna says as she starts to tickle her girlfriend.

"Stop it", Karolina giggles. But obviously, Anna doesn't.

Within half a minute, Karolina loses it too, peeing for two minutes.

"Wow, you really were holding a lot", Natalia says.

"Let's just say I've been praticing", Karolina says. "Now let's get some shut eye".

TO BE CONTINUED

*156*2019-02-08 21:19

Over the course of the night all four add to the wetness, either purposely or asleep. But during the day they make it to their bathroom breaks without too much trouble.

During dinner Anna’s mom has a surprise. She’s arranged for the four girls to snow-mobile into the mountains and camp up there for two nights.

Excitedly, the four girls quickly pack their stuff and head to the snow-mobile rentals, where they get a quick lesson and directions to their campsite.

At around 23:00 they arrive and quickly put up their large four person tent.

“This is awesome. There’s absolutely no other person anywhere near us”, Laura says.

The site features some rudimentary wooden benches, barely sticking out of the snow, spaced around a campfire pit. Firewood is also provided and the girls quickly light it.

“We should have brought marshmallows”, Anna says.

“Should have yeah. But at least we got plenty of beer”, Karolina says as she hands out a round.

Time passes by and eventually the inevitable happens; the girls have to pee.

“I really need to pee. But just dropping down in a squat’s too easy. Anyone’s got any suggestions?”, Laura asks.

“I dare you to climb up there and aim for the fire”, Karolina says, pointing at the nearest tree.

Without hesitation Laura starts climbing. She stands on a branch, holding herself with one hand, she unbottons her snow pants with the other and pulls them down.

“Wow, that’s cold”, she says, pulling her knickers down. Then she tries to aim for the fire. But as soon as she starts to pee, she realises it’s too far away. Instead she just pees straight down, creating a nice patch of yellow snow.

Once finished, she climbs back down and challenges Anna to write her name in the snow.

Anna accepts and pops a squat. She roughly motions her hips in such a way that it should spell her name.

“Well I failed... miserably”, she says realising she’s just creating a circular shape of yellow snow. “But anyway, I dare Natalia to shape a potty out of snow and use it”.

Natalia doesn’t think twice, she was getting really desperate and is relieved she is now given the chance to urinate.

Within a minute, she has created something that kinda resembles a kid’s potty and sits down on it.

As she finishes her pee she notices one little design flaw; the sides are too thin and they quickly melt, resulting in her urine flowing everywhere.

“Such a shame”, she smiles. “Now Karolina, I dare you to...”

”You don’t have to challenge me anymore”, Karolina interrupts, “I kinda maybe had a little bit of an accident watching you three go”.

“Wow. I thought you had an iron bladder”, Laura says.

“Well even an iron bladder has it’s limits”, Karolina giggles.

“So my baby is a little pissy pants? Cute”, Anna says right before kissing her girlfriend passionately.

A couple more hours pass by, before the girls decide to call it a night.

“But first I gotta pee again”, Anna says.

“And I still get to challenge Karolina. So please Karolina, pee the fire out”, Natalia smiles.

Karolina does as ordered, but it’s only partly working.

“Looks like she needs some help”, Anna says pulling her pants down.

The combined amount of all four of them is - surprisingly - enough to put out the fire.

“That was fun”, Laura says as they crawl into their tent.

TO BE CONTINUED

*158*2019-02-11 20:29

The next morning the girls wake up to bad news. A blizzard is raging outside their tent, and they’re gonna be stuck in there for a while.

“I really gotta pee though”, Laura says.

“You gotta hold it I guess. We don’t have any bottles or so to go in”, Natalia says to her sister’s disappointment.

“And if I learnt one thing last night, it’s you don’t wanna wet yourself. It get’s really cold if you do”, Karolina adds.

Begging the storm will be over soon, Laura sees no other option than to hold it.

An hour passes and Laura can hardly sit still.

“If the storm doesn’t calm down soon I’m gonna be very wet”, Laura says.

“I’m afraid you’re not the only one”, Anna says with a worried look on her face.

Knowing better, Laura zips open the tent. Immediately, snow’s blown into her face.

“Close it!”, Natalia says.

Feeling her control slip, Laura does so.

“Too late?”, Karolina asks, seeing Laura freeze.

Laura nodds.

As time passes, Laura gets colder and colder, and Anna gets more and more desperate.

But finally, the wind has lied down and Anna - hand in her crotch - crawls out of the tent.

She tries to get her pants down. But before even grabbing her waistband, she loses control.

“Fuck!”, she screams disappointed in herself. “I’m gonna be cold too”, she thinks to herself.

Feeling quite desperate themselves, Karolina and Natalia quickly squat outside the tent.

“We have an amazingly strong bladder, don’t we?”, Natalia smiles smugly.

“We most certainly do”, Karolina smiles.

TO BE CONTINUED

*161*2019-02-12 20:39

{{22 hours ago, Manowar said:

Excellent chapter. I am surprised that Laura was so humiliated... I expected her as first who'll deliberately wet herself. Good work, please more

}}

She wasn’t as much humiliated as she was disappointed in her holding abilities

*162*2019-03-03 15:21

*warning - this chapter contains sexual scenes *

The following night - back in the cabin - Karolina wakes up with a full bladder. As she gets up to use the bathroom, she's stopped by Anna.

"Hey babe, what's up", Anna asks.

"I really have to pee", Karolina answers.

"I thought we established that you can hold it amazingly well during yesterday's snow storm".

"Yes, but I'm about to wet the bed", Karolina says shyly.

"Prove to me you have an amazing bladder by holding it till dawn", Anna says teasingly.

"Okay then", Karolina says knowing she'll never be able to.

For half an hour, she squirms and fidgets around in bed. "Can I please go?", she asks hand buried in her naked crotch.

"You're doing so well. I'm sure you can hold longer", Anna answers. "But I do really need to go, and as we know, my bladder isn't as strong as yours".

Anna pulls the covers off to reveal her naked body and releases her bladder's contents onto the bedding.

"You're torturing me", Karolina says feeling a drop of pee escaping her clenched pussy.

Woken up by the noise, Laura asks what's going on.

"I'm torturing her bladder", Anna explains.

"Cool!", Laura answers. "I could really go too. If you hadn't woken me, I might have wet the bed", she continues, suddenly realising her bladder's full to the brim.

"You can help", Anna says.

Without thinking twice, Anna sits up on her knees and lets go, creating a hissing waterfall from her pussy to he bed.

"Ohhh no. It's too much", Karolina says feeling a trickle escape.

The trickle soon turns into a full on river. "Apparentally your bladder isn't as strong as I thought it was. But you're making me so horny", Anna says kissing her girlfriend.

Karolina responds by touching Anna's pussy.

"Laura's still watching you know", Anna says.

"I don't care, I'm too horny to".

"Don't mind me, I can help myself", Laura says starting to touch herself. "I've been horny ever since I first wet myself here".

Within minutes, all three cum hard. And Natalia? She hasn't even woken up.

TO BE CONTINUED

*165*2019-03-12 21:18

It’s new years eve and the girls are gonna celebrate in one of the local village’s clubs.

Around 10 o’clock the girls enter the club, dressed in a fancy top and jeans. An hour later they’re already quite boozed up and Natalia needs to pee.

To avoid any accidents, all four queue up for the ladies room.

“I should have gone before we left”, Natalia says, jiggling her legs.

“You obviously should have”, her sister replies.

By the time it’s her turn, Natalia is crossing her legs. As soon as a stall opens she races in and quickly yanks her jeans and knickers down. Just in time, she seats herself and releases a torrent of pee.

After the other three relieve their significantly less full bladders, they return to the dance floor.

“That was way too close”, Natalia admits to her sister.

“And the line wasn’t even that long. I wonder what it’s gonna be like later tonight”.

Soon, it’s time to start the countdown and the girls wish eachother a happy new year.

“...and a wet new year too”, Anna says.

About an hour later, Laura feels the need to pee again. She glances over at the line in front of the ladies and it’s massive.

“I’ll wait till it’s a bit shorter”, she thinks to herself.

But fifteen minutes later, it’s Anna who suggests to join the line. But only as they join it, the girls realise just how long it is.

“I don’t need to go that bad”, Karolina says, “I’d rather just go back and dance”.

“Me too”, Natalia says.

Reluctantly, Anna and Laura agree, as they hope the queue will soon become shorter.

But an hour later, it still hasn’t.

“Sorry girls, but I think I really oughta line up for the toilet, or my wet year’s gonna start real soon”, Anna says.

“Thank god. I didn’t wanna be the first one to give in”, Laura says.

So, finally, the four of them go join the line.

Slowly, they inch their way towards the toilets, way too slow as far as Anna’s concerned.

“Sorry girls, but at this rate, I’m not gonna make it”.

“We can go outside”, Karolina suggests. “And find a place to squat”.

“But then we’ll never be allowed back in”, Natalia says.

”And I’m not done partying yet”, Anna says in spite of her desperation.

“I might have another idea”, Laura says desperately dancing. “Follow me”.

Laura leads the girls to the corner of the club, where it’s dark and quiet.

“I spotted this alcove earlier and just remembered it. If we take turns covering eachother, no-one can see us”.

The others agree, seeing no other option to avoid wet jeans.

“Since it was my idea, I’ll go first”, Laura says already fiddling her zipper.

As Laura relieves herself, Anna leaks.

“I get to go next, my knickers are already damp”, she says.

Desperately, she waits for her cousin to finish.

She manages to hold off any further leaks until she’s in a full squatting position.

Clearly less desperate, Natalia and Karolina can easily await their turn to relieve themselves.

Then, the girls head back to the dancefloor, leaving a massive puddle in the corner of the club.

TO BE CONTINUED

*168*2019-03-19 21:25

The party’s over and the girls start their half hour walk back to the cabin.

At least... a half hour walk in a sober state. Forty five minutes in they’re still walking around the snowy forest somewhere between the village and the cabin.

“You sure we aren’t lost?”, Laura asks.

”No. We should be close now”, Anna answers.

“That’s what you said five minutes ago”, Natalia says annoyed. “Plus I really have to pee”.

“If it’s any consolation, so do I”, Anna responds.

Another ten minutes go by.

“Can we pause please. I need to squat down if you know what I mean”, Laura says.

“Can’t we just keep walking? The cabin is just around the corner”, Anna answers.

But, as expected, it isn’t.

“Okay. I’m done with it”, Laura says pulling her jeans down. Just in time she pulls away her knickers as soon she’s creating loads of yellow snow.

Five minutes later, Natalia decides to do the same. “Sorry girls. I just couldn’t hold it”.

Fifteen minutes later, they finally find their cabin. Anna immediately rushes to the toilet. But the sight of it is too much for her.

Standing just one meter from the toilet, she completely wets herself.

“Damn it, so close”, she says.

“How about you, Karolina? Don’t you need to go?”, Laura asks.

“No. I wanted to start off the new year right. So I have been slowly letting it out over the past half hour”, Natalia giggles.

“I must have the naughtiest girlfriend in the world”, Anna says now horny rather than disappointed.

“Maybe...”, Karolina says, “maybe”.

TO BE CONTINUED

*172*2019-03-30 10:29

"Your pants are wet, you know that?", Anna asks Karolina.

"I know. I really need a toilet. I'm about to fully wet myself", Karolina answers.

"Let's quickly find one then".

Anna and Karolina wander the abandonned streets of a random French alpine village.

"Seriously? This town hasn't got a single public bathroom?" Karolina asks with a saucer sized wet spot on her crotch.

"Maybe we could try a restaurant or so?", Anna suggests.

"Quickly then".

But to the girls dismay all are closed.

"We need to find a place quickly", Karolina says, her wet spot having grown to a small plate size.

"I know, I know", Anna answers, "but where?".

Desperately, the girls turn back, in the hope to find a place they missed. But by the time they get back at the other end of the street, they still haven't found one. Moreover, Karolina's wet spot has grown to the size of a basketball.

"We past an alley, why don't you squat there?", Anna suggests.

"Okay then", Karolina says seeing no other option, "let's hurry".

As they reach the alley, little streams of pee are visibly running down Karolina's legs. And to make things worse, the alley is now suddenly locked with a gate.

"This is weird, it was definitely open before", Anna thinks. But her thoughts are being interrupted by her frantic girlfriend.

"Ohhh no, oh no", Karolina says, fiddling with her button and zipper, "it's coming out".

Within seconds, jeans are flooded with warm piss. But something's off, it's not Karolina's jeans that are getting flooded, it's Anna's.

Then it hits her. Immediately, Anna wakes up as she realises what's happening: She's started wetting the bed in her sleep again.

She removes the covers, still peeing. "Dammit", she whispers to herself.

"Wet the bed", Laura asks.

"Yeah, it was so weird. I was dreaming; we were looking for a bathroom for Karo, who was slowly wetting herself. Then she lost control, but my jeans were getting wet. And well... now I'm the one with a wet bed".

"At least your not the only one, I just couldn't be bothered to get up", Laura admits.

"Haha", Anna laughs, "such a shame we're leaving tomorrow".

"Definitely, I'll miss our wet adventures".

TO BE CONTINUED

