Phineas and ferb stories

Author: omofan77

*000*2013-10-09 01:54

This thread is for stories of Phineas and Ferb characters. I have a couples ideas already, but some suggestions would be welcome. I thought of a story about the Fireside Girls hiking/camping with no bathrooms, and a story about Candace and Stacy. I thought of a story of Candace and Stacy when they were younger, something that may have helped them become friends, or a story in their teens that gives a good idea of their friendship now, something like the interaction of Lilo and Nani in my first fanfiction in the "Lilo and Stitch stories" thread. If anyone has any ideas for these stories, they can post here.

*001*2013-10-10 02:10

I'll go ahead and try a couple stories soon, and any suggestions for improvement or new stories will be welcome.

*004*2013-10-23 21:23

I have written a short story for one character: Ginger of the Fireside Girls. The idea to me suddenly, and I wrote it on the spur of the moment. I may make a continuation of it, unless someone may want to try a continuation of it themselves. In the meantime, I'll have short stories of other characters posted soon.

Ginger-After noticing Baljeet saying to himself he needed new underwear after another encounter with Buford, all Ginger wanted to do was teach Buford a lesson. However, she soon thought of a way to use this to get closer to Baljeet. "I can't do anything about Buford myself, but what about Baljeet? He probably thinks he's the only one his age who ends up in wet clothes. Maybe I can help with that." On a rainy day, Ginger put on old clothes, had plenty to drink, and kept from going to the bathroom. After listening and watching the rain fall for awhile, she felt the need to relieve herself. As she walked down the hall, Ginger noticed someone in the bathroom. "All the more reason to go outside," she thought. "Nothing wrong with going outside if you need a bathroom, and can't get to one. Besides, these are old clothes I won't wear much, and they'll be wet from the rain anyway." She stood in the rain and was startled by a flash of lightning and loud thunder.

Ginger realized the surprise had caused her to go. She relaxed and listened to the sound and feel of her pee as it soaked her clothes. Ginger felt a warm feeling spread throughout her lower body, which felt nice and relaxing after the cold rain. "So this is how Baljeet feels," thought Ginger, as she changed and put her wet clothes in the wash. "Now I can tell him he's not the only one his age who ends up with wet clothes sometimes. Maybe after talking about it, it'll help us be comfortable around each other, and we'll be closer. Besides, after telling the other girls I told an embarrassing story to a boy I like, that should convince them to give me the I-Just-Saw-a-Cute-Boy-Patch."

*006*2013-10-24 02:06

In that case, I'll try rewriting it. I do have a couple new details I thought of and may try to fit them in.

*007*2013-10-24 20:53

Here is a revised version of the first story I wrote.

During a Fireside Girls meeting, Ginger suddenly looking up. "Baljeet is walking by!" She attempted to grab the I-Just-Saw-a-Cute-Boy patch, but Milly once again took it back. "What's it take to convince you that Baljeet is worth the patch?" asked Ginger. The girls had no answer. "Well, I'm going to check on him," said Ginger. As she walked out, Milly called, "Even if the two of you end up kissing, we still won't give you the patch." The other girls giggled. Ginger stood outside, watching Baljeet walk past, while hidden from his sight. She heard him muttering about Buford's bullying ending with Baljeet with wet pants again.

Ginger decided to stay hidden, watching him walk past, a look of pity on her. "Poor Baljeet," she thought. "I wish I could say something to him. But what? Even the Fireside Girls manual can't explain things like love, and what to say to someone." She wished she could say he's not the only one who ends up in that situation at his age. If she ended up in such a situation, she was sure she could make him feel better, and that it might lead to some close bond between the two. An idea came to mind. "I wouldn't do this for anyone but Baljeet," Ginger thought.

When Ginger returned, Milly looked up. "About time you got back," she said. "What took so long?"

"No real reason," replied Ginger. "But a thought just occurred to me. How about the next time me and Baljeet meet, and we talk about embarrassing things that happened to each other, that I admit one humiliating thing that happened to me, will you agree Baljeet is worth the I-Just-Saw-a-Cute-Boy patch?"

"Interesting," said Isabella, the leader. "Admitting something like that to a boy you like would be worth awarding the patch against the majority. If you follow though, I will personally give you the patch you want. Does everyone agree?" Everyone, even Milly, agreed.

The next day was rainy. Ginger woke up, deciding today is the day she would carry out her plan. She started by not going to the bathroom. Even though she needed to pee a bit, it wasn't enough yet. She had breakfast, then returned to her room with a couple glasses and lemonade. After dressing in old clothes she hardly wore anymore, she opened the window to hear the rain falling and had plenty to drink. She spent some time pouring lemonade slowly from one cup to the other and remembered the last time she tried something like this.

When she first became a Fireside Girl, she decided to try to able to pee outside during camping and other activities. She would drink plenty of lemonade and have Stacy stay in the bathroom and not let Ginger in no matter how much she demanded. Finally, Ginger began peeing outside in desperation. There were a couple times she stayed outside the bathroom too long and wet herself. Of course, that was a couple years ago. She wanted Baljeet to know she wet herself at least once at their current age.

Finally, Ginger felt the urge to go become very powerful. She relaxed and felt the pee come out slowly. After feeling a bit warm and hearing the soft tinkling for a bit, Ginger allowed it to continue, feeling calm as the warmth spread and a spot spread out. As she felt the final drops, Ginger thought, "Now I can honestly tell Baljeet I've ended up in the same situation he has at this age. I'm sure we can feel more comfortable together and may become closer, and when I tell him, the girls will have to give me the I-Just-Saw-a-Cute-Boy patch." As Ginger changed, leaving her old clothes hidden until they dried a bit, and then had them washed, she thought, "What if I have to prove to him I mean what I say? Well," she smiled,"It's a good thing it feels nice."

That is my revision of the story. I'm not even sure if it could still be considered a short story anymore. There may be a continuation of this story, or a prequel with Ginger trying to go outside for the first time, if anyone wants it, or wants to write it themselves.

*009*2013-12-04 21:33

I look forward to your story.

*010*2013-12-23 21:25

Candace and Stacy's Yellow and White Christmas

Candace agreed to spend the day with Stacy. It hadn't been easy. Candace kept insisting she needed to watch what Phineas and Ferb were doing, surely something big for Christmas, which was a couple days away, and Stacy kept saying Candace needed a day off. After Candace agreed to go on a walk with Jeremy in the woods on Christmas, and pondering a certain problem, she decided maybe she should spend the day with Stacy and ask her advice.

It was just Candace and Stacy at Stacy's place. For awhile, it was a quiet day for the two of them. They spent time guessing their presents, clothes to buy, and clothes to get when they return the clothes family gives them. Candace kept wondering how to ask Stacy's advice. Her wondering was noticed by Stacy. "This is our day," she said. "No thinking about about your brothers today."

"I'm not thinking about them," said Candace. "I'm thinking about me and Jeremy on Christmas."

"Here we go," thought Stacy. "Another mostly one sided conversation about thinking things are wrong when things are right."

"Is it what to get him again?" asked Stacy out loud. Candace had asked Stacy about what present to get Jeremy over 100 times, and each time Candace spent what felt like hours talking non stop, before saying she had the perfect idea, and thanking Stacy's advice when she said almost nothing the whole time.

"Jeremy and I are spending Christmas in a pine forest," said Candace. "We're going to see so many Christmas trees covered in snow, and it'll be just us for the whole day."

"Thinking what to wear?" asked Stacy. "It's not that," replied Candace. "Don't you remember what it was like for us that time in the woods with no running water?"

"Vividly," said Stacy. The two of them had once been out in the woods when both had to use the bathroom. Stacy had convinced Candace to go on a tree with her, but the experience had left a deep impression on Candace.

Now Stacy gave the more direct answer. "Just ask Jeremy for a bathroom break. He won't laugh."

"You don't know what it's like for a girl to ask her boyfriend that."

"Obviously I wouldn't," said Stacy. She was not in such a strong relationship like Candace and Jeremy. "It's easier for a girl to ask her best friend who is a girl than her boyfriend who is a boy," continued Candace. "I sure Jeremy thinks the same thing to," said Stacy. "Vice-versa, of course." That gave Candace something to think about. After a minute she said, "I'll tell Jeremy not to be shy and ask me for a break and I'll promise I won't be shy to ask for a break myself. Thanks Stacy."

"Glad that's over," thought Stacy. "Now we can relax for the rest of the day." But Candace wasn't done. "Now when I go, how do I? It's so inconvenient for a girl in the woods, especially when you're with a boy and it's quicker and easier for him."

"You remember how I went when were in the woods that time?"

"How can I forget?" asked Candace. "You tried standing up."

"While you went like a girl, someone had to face the clearing to make sure no one was coming. You wouldn't go that far off the path," said Stacy. They laughed over old memories. "I might be able with your current problem," said Stacy.

They dressed up and went out to the yard. Stacy brought them behind a tree that hid them from the house. "Try it," said Stacy. Candace started to slide her pants down, then stopped. "I can't," she said. "What if I try this and Jeremy sees?"

"Then he'll see what a special girlfriend he has," said Stacy. "Maybe this'll help." Stacy pulled her pants all the way down, spread out her legs, held herself just right and tried to arch her urine directly in front. Not much got on her clothes and most of it made a yellow spot in the snow. The sight and sound was too much for Candace. She threw her pants down, tried to get in the same position, and let go. The relief slowly overcame her as she relaxed, feeling the slow emptying of her bladder, the soft, gentle pitter patter, and the growing yellow spot as she struggled to keep it in front of her. An idea came to her. Through an effort and intermediate pauses, she managed to trace "C + J" in the snow. "Writing your and Jeremy's initials in the snow," observed Stacy, when they had dressed and put fresh snow on the spot. "Cliche, but nice."

A couple hours later, Stacy put an old sweater around the Christmas tree. "Want to relive an old childhood memory?" Candace agreed and both laughed over this memory. When they were younger, and at Stacy's house, both needed the bathroom after drinking a lot of Christmas drinks. But with Stacy's mother in the bathroom, both struggled to find a place. Finally, Stacy decided to go on the tree, causing Candace to try it as well. They tried standing up and managed to get most of it in the water, but some had gotten on their clothes, and they passed it of as spilling drinks on them.

Now they're clothes were safely out of the way, and side by side, both peed on the old sweater that Stacy vowed never to wear that was around the fake tree. It was more fun this time, with no one around and not worrying about keeping their clothes dry. Candace went home later at night, not afraid about her walk with Jeremy, and enjoying the first fun day with Stacy she had in a while, while Stacy thought about having fun with her sister Ginger.

I know this story could have used more detail, but that is the area I've never been best at. I may write sequels and prequels to this story, but if anyone wants ideas about what to write for Phineas and Ferb stories, I hope I have given some inspiration.

*012*2013-12-27 23:33

A Lesson in Diuretics

At the library, Ginger was having a quiet day of reading when she noticed Baljeet sitting by himself reading. Her heart jumped when she heard him say "Ginger," but then saw he was reading about plants. Still, she was hopeful he might value her knowledge of plants. Casually, she walked over. "Hello Baljeet. Whatcha doing?" Isabella, at home, suddenly felt a disturbance. Someone had used her catchphrase, and it felt like it was one of her own Fireside Girls.

"I am engrossed in this book about plants and their effects on the human body," said Baljeet. He normally would not liked interruptions, but he had a friendly relationship with Ginger and liked speaking with her. "I know about certain types of plants," said Ginger. "We Fireside Girls are trained to know which plants are dangerous and which can be helpful."

"Plants can do much more than those two things," said Baljeet. "I am doing a science project for the beginning of school on this particular subject for extra credit so I will An A+ before the first day."

"I could use a some private tutoring in what you've learned," said Ginger. "Since you know so much and it might help my wilderness survival skills." Having him tutor me is a dream come true, she thought.

Baljeet then told Ginger what he learned, mostly by giving her the book and having her ask questions. She learned about mescaline, a occurring psychedelic alkaloid found in the peyote cactus, known for causing hallucinations, among the different types of poison ivy and healing plants. As Ginger looked through the book, she noticed one passage starting: Diuretic plants: plants that increase urination. Curious, she showed the passage to Baljeet. "Why would anyone want to take these plants?"

Baljeet said, "They are special remedies for certain problems with the body, such as obesity, uric acid, and kidney stones. They are as natural as emetics like syrup of ipecac that induce vomiting to expel poisonous substances."

"Isn't it dangerous to take so much of these plants and lose so much water?" asked Ginger. "As long as taken sparingly and in small doses and not mixing them with certain medications, there should be no serious effects."

After awhile, Ginger had an idea that should allow her to spend more time with Baljeet, and she hoped she could impress him with an idea for his project. "How about making some of these medicinal remedies for extra credit? I could help if you want." Baljeet thought about it. "I suppose it might give me an A++. But which ones should we make?"

"How about these?" Ginger indicated the diuretic plants. "They're not local, but the girls can get them and it'll be a labor of love."

"What was that?" asked Baljeet. Ginger paused. "I meant doves. The girls sometimes use specially trained doves to fly things in from far away." Baljeet wondered, but knew the Fireside Girls were capable of many things, so he didn't pursue the subject.

The next day, Ginger arrived at Baljeet's house with a variety of plants. Baljeet noticed scratches on Ginger. "They're nothing," she said. "Besides, the crocodiles the girls and I fought yesterday to get some of these are worse off." Again Baljeet decided not to pursue the subject. For some time, Baljeet and Ginger gathered plants together, sharing their knowledge of scientific names among other things. Soon Baljeet had a few vials filled with different diuretic formulas. As he put the finishing touches on them, Ginger made tea. She brought a cup to Baljeet. "The girls and I are having a tea party later. I bringing a family recipe to add to the tea. Please accept a cup." She bowed and held out the cup. Feeling unsure, he took it and drank. Feeling she had acted strangely, she tried to direct Baljeet's attention elsewhere. She asked him about the plants and other ingredients in the formulas made.

Ginger then noticed one had a sweet fragrance. Baljeet pointed it out as acorus calamus, also known as sweet flag or calamus. "It's rhizome is used as a substitute for ginger. You can have it. I have plenty. Besides, since ginger is associated with it, it would be appropriate for you to have." He's so romantic, thought Ginger, as she accepted it. As she took it, their hands touched. Ginger walked into the kitchen where she made her tea. Her hands were shaking from Baljeet's touch. As she set the vial down, another strong shake came over her hands. She was so caught up in the moment she didn't notice as she spilled a couple drops into the tea she would give the girls later.

As she gathered her things and got ready for the tea party, Baljeet appeared. "You forgot the stopper," he said, giving her the top to the vial. "Please be careful with it. It's very powerful. Even a couple drops are potent enough." Ginger said she would, vowing to treasure Baljeet's gift, and enjoying its ginger scent. She went off to the Fireside Girl's tea party, carrying her unknowingly diuretic laced tea.

A sequel is planned, but I am open to suggestions and help to make it good and I won't deny anyone who wants to try writing it.

*014*2013-12-28 03:55

{{:

I definitely can't wait to see how this will turn out, or I'll even add my own ending just for the sake of having more than one outcome. Also, I do have an idea for Isabelle that I've been meaning to work on for a while if you'd like to hear it.

}}

I always appreciate your input and look forward to hear what new ideas you have.

*015*2013-12-28 20:02

The Fireside Girls Wet Afternoon

Ginger arrived in the park and met up with the other girls. They were tending their injuries from the plant gathering expedition. Ginger tried not to notice the looks the girls gave her. "At least we're sure to get a good Help Thy Neighbor Patch," she said uncertainly. "We have plenty of those already," said Milly. "We're sure to get more by helping Phineas and Ferb."

"Also, this patch just doesn't seem worth it," said Holly. "If we're going through something like that, I'd prefer it to be for Phineas and Ferb's ideas," said Katie. "Why did we have to do something like this for Baljeet anyway?" asked Milly. Ginger looked at the other girls for support. "A little diversity is always good," said Gretchen with a shrug.

"At least it was nice of you to make tea for the rest of us," said Isabella. Ginger began to pour the tea. A couple drops spilled and Adyson said,"Careful. It'll be a disaster if you spilled it all. What's a tea party without tea?" Ginger managed to pour each girl a cup. "So why did Baljeet need all those plants anyway?" asked Adyson as she took a cup. "Just a science project," said Ginger. None of the other girls seemed too thrilled to go through all that for a science project for someone like Baljeet. Clearly not worth it. But they each took a cup. Once they each had one, they made to drink it. Suddenly Ginger said,"Don't drink it!"

The girls paused as Ginger handed out cookies. "I baked these as well. Try it with the tea." Once each girl had a cookie, they dipped it in the cup and took a bite. Soon the rest of the tea party went on normally. The girls had plenty to drink and plenty of cookies. At the end, each girl commented on the good taste was in the tea. Ginger was amazed she and the girls managed to drink it all. She noticed one comment in particular: "How appropriate the tea had a ginger scent to it, Ginger." There's no ginger in the tea, thought Ginger. Now she noticed the distinct scent of ginger in the dregs. She thought back to earlier. She remembered the scent of ginger in the vial Baljeet gave her. Then she remembered her hands were shaking as she placed it near her tea before Baljeet gave her the top to the vial. A look of shock appeared on Ginger as she realized what must have happened.

"What is it?" asked Isabella. "You look like you've seen a ghost or something."

"It's nothing," Ginger said. "I just remembered Baljeet said there's a chance for rain today, so we should probably get home, or indoors." There'll definitely be showers soon, she thought. "It's pretty sunny out now," said Milly. "When's it supposed to start?"

"Soon," said Ginger. "Then we'll head back," said Isabella. "Although a little rain never hurt anybody." Ginger said, "I guess I'm afraid of catching a cold. I'm just going to head home now." With that, she ran off, leaving the other girls with curious looks.

Ginger was nearly home when she felt the diuretic take effect. She stopped, gasped, and held herself. She had never felt her bladder fill so fast. Already she was losing control. She was still outside, but she had to go now. Running into her yard, she dashed behind a tree and pulled down her shorts. Bending over, she relaxed. Urine gushed out as she peed into the grass. It sounded like a large waterfall and she saw it splashing onto her shirt. Unable to stop the flow, she pulled her shirt up and fully gave in to the relief that washed over her. Finally, everything stopped and she got dressed. The yellow foamy puddle was larger than any other time she had gone outside. As she carefully went inside for water to get more water back into her system, she knew the other girls would be feeling the same sensation soon.

The other girls went to the clubhouse. They had decided to stay there for this sudden shower to come. The diuretic began to effect them as they neared. Each girl tried not to show the growing desperation on them. None of them had ever felt their bladders become so full so fast. Each girl knew they had to something fast. Adyson stopped first. "I think a patch fell off my sash. I'm going to look for it over there." She ran off into the woods. "I think I saw it over there," said Milly, running in a different direction.

Soon the other girls claimed they saw the patch and ran off in different directions. Isabella, alone, ran into the clubhouse. Once inside, she looked around desperately. She had to find a spot here. Noticing the water balloons in the corner, she got an idea. Grabbing a funnel, she threw her shorts off, placed the funnel into a balloon, put the funnel between her legs and peed. She sighed in relief and couldn't help but giggle as she watched the balloon fill up as her bladder emptied.

The rest of the girls soon got to feel relief as well. Adyson, running to find a spot, fell into a stream. She gasped and jumped out, but the wet clothes combined with hearing and seeing the running water was too much. She tried to pull her shorts down, but they and her hands were too slippery. Realizing she was already wet, she felt a little more wetness wouldn't matter. As she felt drops, she relaxed and let it become a stream. As she peed into her underwear and shorts, she felt a warm spot grow throughout her legs. Everything, the growing warmth, the sound of urine as it come onto the grass, and the feeling of her bladder emptying was an overwhelming feeling of relief. Milly, Katie, and Holly met up near a tree.

They glanced at each other and the tree. By unspoken agreement, they dashed to the tree, removed their shorts and peed, their desperation and sudden relief overwhelming their self conciseness as they noticed each other's stream wet the grass.Gretchen managed to find a secluded place. She was near a patch of poison ivy and got an idea. Once she pulled her shorts down, she spread her legs, arched over, and tried to pee in front of her. Even though she was far away, there was so much urine in her bladder, it could reach the patch a few feet away. Gretchen never knew peeing could so much fun like this. She actually hoped she would get another chance at this again.

The girls found each other and went into the clubhouse. Inside, they noticed Isabella adjusting her clothes. Noticing this, the water balloon, and Adyson's wet pants, they understood. "Water balloon," said Isabella simply. Adyson pointed at her wet shorts. "Tree together," said Milly, Katie, and Holly. "Arching over poison ivy," said Gretchen. Suddenly they all laughed. As it started to rain due to Dr. Doofenshmirtz's Rain-Inator, or Weather Changer-Inator, the girls had plenty of water. They mentioned how they wanted try some of the other methods the girls used. Isabella promised Adyson they would each wet their pants, Gretchen promised to try to teach the others to pee in front of them, and they all agreed to invite Ginger to share in the fun. "I think the tea was very strong and had its effects on us," said Gretchen. "Then we'll ask her to make it again soon," said Isabella.

THE END

*018*2013-12-31 03:41

I like it so far. If you want any help or suggestions for a continuation or other stories, let me know.

