One Night With Christina Ricci

Author: Plug

*000*2014-06-26 09:52

Authors Note:

This story is obviously exaggerated and has numerous elements of fiction. But this fictional account is the only possible way that I can describe my most surreal of intimate experiences. This is my first and only time successfully sharing/experiencing my interest in omorashi with another human being in an intimate way. The dialogue for the most part is from an actual event that this fictional story is based off of. Warning: the first part will be very, very tame, the proceeding parts will have the good stuff.

PART 1

During the day, I gamed. Alone, the hours were eaten away by clicks and strokes on my keyboard. Instances barraged my foes while my eyes stayed glued to the monitor. How much easier I thought, these worlds where social interactions are quantified not by emotions, but by numbers.

But I was alone, and as evening came I yearned to some degree for social interaction. I met my friends at a local dive bar where we usually sit outside, smoking, drinking, and listening to each other’s small talk. I usually enjoy these conversations but sometimes I just get introverted and retreat inward, alienating myself from the conversation. And I guess somewhere during the evening my eyes blanked and my head went to the clouds.

“Michael, what’s wrong?” My friend Maya asked concerned. “Nothing” I answered. “Then why don’t you have your happy face on?” Maya teased.

I looked at myself in the reflection of my beer glass. I saw my grimacing look of discontent but with my eyes so curious beaming back at me. Seeing my expression made me feel a wondrous melancholy that seemed so foreign with a weird sense of déjà vu. I looked at Maya and said with the same expression ingrained on my face, my eyes radiating with melancholy “This is my happy face!”

After a slight pause, everyone at the table laughed and I even had to crack a smile. “That was a pretty good Cristina Ricci face” Ryan, Maya’s brother said. Everyone gave Ryan a confused look, not sure what he meant.

“Come on, you guys have seen that meme, that one with Christina Ricci from the Adam’s family movie making that face?” Ryan protested in disbelief. He finally pulled the meme up on his Phone, sporting Wednesday Adams making the same face I had with the caption “This is my Happy Face”

Everyone quickly agreed that I had basically mimicked the meme. I shrugged my shoulders, “I must have stolen that line from Wednesday. I love that movie, probably one of the best movies of all time,” I admitted.

I joined back in the discussion, but soon the chatter became a haze to my ears and I met Maya’s eyes. We both could tell that the other was over the scene, and without speaking a word we left together.

Once in my car, we decided to go to Chipotle since neither one of us had eaten dinner yet. We each ordered Burrito’s and took a seat at a table. Maya is a very intelligent, well spoken, and a very witty girl, but she is also very weird and off socially, but in a good way. She has no real issue being very graphic, crude, or brash especially with me. And so now that we were not in earshot of her brother or our more judgmental friends, she told me about how she just loves getting her butt hole licked and how her most recent intimate engagement (she’s very promiscuous) had given her the best rim job ever.

Too say the least, I couldn’t help laugh at her imitations and descriptions of her intimate passion for butt hole licking. She soon got so ridiculous, that I just couldn’t look at her in the face without almost crying with laughter, so I gazed out across the restaurant as she continued to talk up an obscene storm.

As my stare caught the patrons in line, I saw a figure with black hair and eye’s that… well, eyes that I noticed. I looked closer into her eyes, seeing what I knew all too well, but everything else about her was reminiscent of something that I once knew or forgot, something peculiar that I wanted to remember.

She sat down with her tortilla bowl close to the trash bins. I was sure that she knew I was watching her, but for whatever reason I just couldn’t get my eyes off her. After sometime, my stare must have been too piercing. She looked up and met my gaze as my burrito ripped apart in my hand, spilling the contents on my tray. I looked down at my mess but then quickly back up at her. She half smiled at me but turned her gaze down at her food.

I soon became desperate to talk to her, but my body and mouth were locked up in a nervous insecurity. I was caught up in a weird array of emotion, desire, and lust that boggled my mind like nothing I had ever experienced before.

Maya stopped her rambling, noticing that my attention had shifted to someone else; she followed my gaze and quickly realized who had captured my attention. “Michael, what the fuck? That’s fucking Christina Ricci.” Maya exclaimed somehow in a whisper. “What, no its not.”

“No, it fucking is!!! I watch Pan Am like all the time, I would recognize her anywhere. I swear Michael, it is” Maya insisted.

I looked at her and definitely recognized the similarity, but it seemed too coincidental. I mean we were in Newport which is close enough to LA to be possible, but... I couldn’t believe that it was really her, it would just be too surreal I thought. “Um, I don’t know Maya, she looks the part, but what the hell, we are at chipotle. What the fuck would she be doing her?” I said somewhat distraught.

“Um eating? (laughs) You have to go talk to her!” Maya said slightly laughing. I definitely had a strong desire too, but I didn’t want to admit it to Maya for whatever reason. “You go talk to her!” I said defensively. Maya just laughed as I sat there not sure that I had the courage to approach her… I wasn’t even sure that I should.

After some time, I got up to throw away my burrito mound, I accidentally created on my trey. As I began to walk over, she got up and quickly threw her half eaten tortilla bowl away. Yet she lingered, or it seemed to me that she waited.

I stared down at the linoleum as I put my hand behind my head, rubbing and frizzing my hair. It will be fine, you’re fine, she will know, you seem.. fine, I thought. Straightening up, I walked over quickly, she turns to me. We both stop still as our gazes create an awkward void that draws me closer while also creating this strong instinct in my being to escape.

I breath out heavily, then mumbling nervously far too loud, “aww, umm, thi-s, a, a this, this is my happy face!” I force my previously made face stare at her, reflecting all my melancholy, yet my eyes; our glance continues to create this awkward ambiance that pulls me closer still to her. My stare drives deeper into her. She for a moment mimics the same look. But then quickly breaks into a smiles and giggles, her body swaying, hands and fingers thick into her hair, with her head bent down, her body angled to the side she looks back as she says,

“That, (laughs), that was, so… that was so bad, so awkward” Taking her hand out of her hair, she straightens her body up and turns her pose completely toward me smiling with a sort of warm inviting grace and finishes with, “That was so bad, it was hot”, she says slightly giggling. But then she quickly looks back down angling her body slightly askew.

With that moment I felt encouraged, I wouldn’t let it go. I felt less alone and so… well I decided to pursue her, to what end or rather what was my end game… I didn’t know, but I was determined.

I stared up at her and raised my hand and asked, “High Five?” She laughed and weakly put up her hand and gave me a high five with a slight giggle. I then asked her, “Did you ever watch Land Before Time?” She smiled, responding, “Yeah, that cartoon with the dinosaurs?”

“Yeah, that show changed my life, I really related to Little Foot.” I said. She covered her face and laughed before giving me a warm look that had elements of slight confusion. “I always really liked Ducky, she was my favorite.” She stated tittering and swaying on her feet, she swayed with a smile, but then seemed to get overwhelmed with the situation and turned to leave, but I quickly asked, “Did you ever wet your bed?”

She turned back around and with curiosity beaming from her eyes freckled with hints of desire, but her expression gave a look of suspicion. She coolly stated, “Yeah, I used to wet my bed a lot.”

My eyes and face lite up with the response and I responded, “That’s hot!” Her face became riddled with confusion and excitement, “What? Why!?!” I shrugged my shoulders and plainly said, “It just is, I guess.”

She paused with a contorted smile on her face but her eyes were a fire with a strange excitement, “That’s so gross!” She then turned to leave, but after taking a step, she looked back at me over her shoulder with a cute grin. She turned back around nervously giggling and asked, “Wait? What was your name?”

PART 2 (Coming Soon)

*005*2014-06-29 07:05

@vexer6

"Definitely interested to see what happens next!'

@OmoJack

"Bring on part 2!!! This is gonna be good"

I hope this next part will be worth the wait! : )

@antifairy

"Someone should tweet the link to this story to her."

I imagine she would get a couple body guards if she ever read this LOL!

@AD51

"I loved The Land Before Time, those movies were great when I was a kid."

Watching Land Before Time is one of my earliest memories and I loved it as a kid. The Movie series has had an immense impact on my life and development as I suppose all early educational kid show stuff does on young minds.

PART 2

“Well, um, my name is Michael! I’m a Game Master at Blizzard in Irvine, that’s my Job… Yep! And that’s my name” I said ashamed, as if admitting the basic facts to my life were the equivalent of confessing to a horrible crime. “My name is Chr…” she said before I interrupted, “Christina!” She rolled her eyes and said, “Yes… I guess I am not sure what it is I do. Or I do know what I do sorta, but I guess you already know what I do, huh?” She rambled in a sort of shameful confusion that somewhat surprised me, I would have thought her to be less timid and more vocally proud of her career and accomplishments.

She asked me about my work and I should have changed the subject sooner because I suppose I bored her with the static details of my life. But I told her the gist of being a glorified Customer Service Representative(Game Master) that helps teenage boys recover lost WOW items and plays ping pong or Magic Cards with a guy named Brian during my 15 minute work breaks. I grew an insecure feeling or rather probably "imagined" that she was bored of my job description so I shut up and looked at her with a blank expression. With that long pause, she quickly took that moment to try and escape.

Fuck, Fuck, Fuck! I thought. I felt defeated and slightly emasculated at my failure. I glanced at Maya whose eyes were beaming with entertainment, intrigue, and yes she seemed sort of impressed with me. Even though I only glanced at Maya for a moment, in that moment I realized that I hadn’t truly fucked up, not yet. I just needed to be confident and show Christina my confidence so she herself could feel more confident in this unusual situation.

I looked at her walking to the door and I ran walked up to her back and said, “Wait!” She turned around and said, “What” with not agitation or irritation in her voice, but her voice carried a slight hint of tensioned uncertainty. I said, “I need to tell you something.” Smirking a cautious smile with her warm eyes slightly plagued with hints of uncertainty she asked, “Ok, what do you need to tell me?”

I put my hands up as if literally trying to grasp anything of substance and looked about before replying, “Well, let me think of what I need to tell you first.” After that statement, she just stared at me for about 2 seconds before laughing and giving me a look with an expression that spoke You are so hopeless. The look seemed demeaning or perhaps it wasn’t and I was just being too sensitive, but it definitely was encouraging in that it was an absolute invitation to keep it up. And I smiled back at her and just let go, I let go of all my insecurity, every doubt, and part of my true self became unmasked to her and she looked at that part with affection.

I am not sure how this happened within those brief moments, but after we were done giggling, I found myself very close to her, I was in her personal space. She cusped her hands together over her breasts with her elbows and arms against her body she looked up at me with some serene understanding. And in that moment, I knew what to do. I moved my body into hers and I moved my head into kiss her. She moved her head down and to the side to escape my advance while her body remained still.

NOOOOOO, fuck, NOOOOO!!! I thought to myself. But I realized that she still accepted my embrace and that she was simply shy, so delicately, with my fingers I moved up her chin so that her eyes stared into mine, and we kissed with our lips and tongues lightly touching for several moments. The longing I had felt seemed instantly sated and I continued to embrace her after our lips had engaged. Our intimate moment, was interrupted as we both simultaneously realized that the whole restaurants eyes were entirely on us and that it had become dead quiet with everyone’s entire attention focused on us.

We both began to blush and as she was about to suggest that we stroll outside; we heard a crazed laughter coming from one end of the restaurant. Maya was laughing uncontrollably sitting by herself with her hands clutching between her legs, her body swaying and moving about trying to regain her composure. Her mouth grinned with absolute joy and amusement, but twinged visibly with her fighting desire to keep her body in control.

I was no longer embarrassed, and smiled with my own amusement and intrigue. Maya was looking at me, and I mimicked with my mouth the words, “Are you going to piss your pants?” My funny mimed question was just the last straw for her; I saw her open laughing mouth lose tension in a pained relief, her eyes closed, and her upper body pushed forward as she pushed her butt out. Her eyes opened slightly and she bite her lip looking down at her lap with blushing cheeks, she turned to me and I saw an expression that spoke novels of her embarrassment, her relief, her pleasure, and her feelings of being a naughty little girl. Her blonde hair hung in bangs around her guilt ridden eyes.

But after another moment, Maya seemed to summon another attempt to regain control, she pushed her hands harder into her lap with all her force, but as she pushed her upper body forward and her hands deeper into her crotch, her butt stuck out from the chair. I then saw her khaki jean pants darken in the back and then after another moment the entire restaurant heard her moan before I heard and saw the puddle forming underneath her chair.

Her body seemed to relax even as her chair continued to flow with her pee onto the floor. I could see the pants legs around her thighs darken near the bottom and the wetness creep up her ass cheeks until the flow winded down to a trickle and she moved her hands from her crotch onto her thighs and looked back at me with a naughty smile that said, “I just couldn’t help it”. With her face bright red, she looked gloriously ashamed in the cutest possible way.

I had heard from different girls about other times Maya had wet herself from laughing too hard, but I had never been able to witness one of these accidents ever before. I felt extremely bad for her, but couldn’t help being aroused. I realized that I had an erection and tried to nonchalantly tuck it into the waist band of my pants and luckily since all eyes were on Maya(including Maya’s eyes were on Maya) I think I pulled the old twist and tuck with no one the wiser.

Christina pulled my hand and without thinking I followed her outside and got into her Lexus and closed the door. I then snapped back into reality and realized that Maya had just pissed her pants in public, I drove her here and that I couldn’t possibly abandon her like this.

Part 3 (Coming Soon)

*008*2018-10-20 00:44

I may rewrite this story eventually, this was based off a real story, except there wasn't any real wettings in the actual event, so thats why I put it in fan fiction. Plus I added a shit ton of ridiculous stuff to it. I think in my attempt to not get doxed, I added way to many red hearings to this story and it came out not how I wanted it too.

Once, I finish My Girlfriend Shivani, I will think about how to rewrite this story. It actually was an amazing experience so I want to tell this story accurately, yet with some elements of fiction that will make it more appetizing to the community.

