The Wet Detective - EPISODE I - PART 1 - HUNT FOR THE WET SCHOOLGIRL

Author: Jane Jones

*000*2018-11-07 12:41

The room was dark, a single source of light shone in thrown a window; illuminating a hardwood desk. Bathed in shadow, was a figure in a black trenchcoat, a cigarette caught between their lips; the smoke filling the air. Her name was Tilly Jones.

She was a private detective in the city of Puritania, a name so repulsively cringey she rolled her eyes everytime it rolled off her tongue. The capital of New America, it had been established in the year 2100; after the great famine of the 2080's and early 2090's. The Puritan Party had come to power during a time of great strife and pain and had won thanks to their leader's company; Isenville Industries, producing a new wave of GM foods that had been a lifesaver in a starving world. Unfortunately, their altruism had not extended to other facets of their political beliefs.

The Puritans were extreme nationalists, a fact that was confirmed when a co-ordinated cyber and nuclear assault on the other world powers had left two-thirds of the world consumed by nuclear fire, leaving the renamed New America as the dominant and last surviving global superpower. US troops had then taken control of the remaining nations in a matter of months, establishing the largest global empire in the history of mankind. True democracy at home and abroad was swept aside, leaving only the Puritan controlled congresses and parliaments; all controlled by the Supreme Congress in Puritania, which itself bowed to the will of their leader: Supreme Chancellor Alexander Isinville.

Their homefront policies were no more forgiving. As their name suggested, the Puritans were extreme conservatives and initiated harsh new laws on activities they saw as immoral. The expected comedowns had come first. Drug Dealers, Rapists, Murderers, Thieves; all faced the executioner if caught. Yet the Puritans did not stop there. In 2104, they passed the "Moral Indecencies" Act. These laws made a series of "moral evils" outlawed, punishable by death. This included vaping, cosplaying, unlicensed street performance, begging and several others. Yet the one that defined Tilly's life was the law that anyone who was found to have wet themselves over the age of seven would be imprisoned for life or executed; at the discretion of the local authorities.

It was one of these cases on her desk that now caught Tilly's eyes. She opened the holodisk as the information was relayed to her through video and a soothing female AI voice:

"Subject: Lucia Stone. Fourteen year old highschool student. Entered maths class at 10:02AM, displayed signs of desperation within half an hour. Attempted to leave but was denied by teacher, under the discretion laws".

Tilly watched the video feed of the girl squirming in her plastic chair, clearly desperate and terrified of what would happen if she lost control. She also observed the teacher in the corner of the feed. Sick bastard was getting off on it, she realised. Not the desperation, the fear. He was enjoying her terror.

"Subject Lucia Stone lost control at 11:14 AM, her accident immediately noted via communication relay to the authorities. Teacher Harold Williamson attempted to place her in custody when subject attacked him with chair and was able to escape the school grounds via the nearby sports field. End of video feed".

Tilly watched with sympathy as the girl lost control in her final moments, the enhanced audio letting her every gasp, the quiet begging moans to her body, her urine racing out of her, pouring through her underwear. She could hear its deathly hiss against her skirt and the plastic chair, before the liquid pooled around her at her feet; as tears filled her eyes equally fast. She watched as the teacher grabbed the girl's shoulder and Lucia's grief turned to rage and her most basic survival instincts, whacking the arrogant fool with her piss soaked chair; observing her classmates shocked reactions as Lucia bolted, a stream of urine following behind her from her drenched clothes.

"Subject Lucia Stone was last sighted in the Isinville Forest District four hours ago in school uniform. The subject is wanted on one charge of assault, one charge of public indecency and two charges of resisting arrest. Bounty is $15,000 dollars alive, $5000 dead. Currently one additional bounty hunter on case, Tobias Argyll".

Tilly cringed at the mention of Tobias's name. A straight laced, old school and vicious bounty-hunter; former military, he would pump Lucia full of lead without a second thought. She had to get to her first.

"Thomas!" Tilly called out to her secretary. An elderly, white haired but well dressed man. Polite to a fault.

"Yes Mrs Jones?"

"Inform Jonas that i'm taking on the Lucia case".

"Of course m'am".

Jones was her contact in the global resistance. Through him, Tilly investigated a number of cases and would save individuals caught by the regime's extreme laws, while Jonas got them new identities, homes and a fresh start; often by helping them fake their own death. If she could get to Lucia first, she'd survive this mess.

It wasn't going to be easy. If Tobias got there first, it was all over. If he got there at the same time, the game was up for them both. Tilly knew she was playing a dangerous game. She would have to play it well. Or die.

But then as she'd known for a long time... that was the way of the world she lived in.

"Hold on Lucia. I'll be there as soon as I can".

TO BE CONTINUED...

PREVIEW FOR PART II:

Lucia stumbled through the forest, her damp tights still clinging uncomfortably to her legs; yet she didn't even spare a thought to removing them. Her mind was consumed by panic, fear, self loathing.

"Fuck!" she screamed, punching a nearby oak tree; hard.

Wincing in pain, she rested against the tree and began to consider the madness of her situation. She'd woken up today with great friends, dreams of being an architect, a normal life, a future. She knew that she'd either go to sleep a fugitive or be dead. She couldn't believe how she'd lost everything from one stupid mistake and began to break down crying, emotion once again overwhelming her; though she sobbed silently, angry for screaming earlier and possibly attracting attention to herself.

She didn't understand how it had happened. She'd drunk some orange juice in the cafeteria with her friends before the lesson but had felt fine until she was in maths. It was like she'd chugged a full pitcher or her bladder had shrunk three sizes down. The pressure had been unbearable. She could still feel that horrible moment when her piss slipped through her tight grip against her body, which then started shaking in relief. She remembered her math's teacher's staring gaze as she lost control. Those eyes would haunt her for the rest of her life.

Suddenly, she heard a noise like footsteps and froze like a deer in headlights.

Perhaps she'd not live long enough to be haunted after all...

