The Bulging Bladder

Author: Peter-P

*000*2021-09-26 19:46

The Bulging Bladder

Jessica was a good looking and sexy, but very ambitious - some say overambitious - medicine student at the university. She had no problems to find friends, because after nearly every day of study she visited the parties in the city and mostly she was the looker - the best looking and most sexy appearance - of every party. Jessy had a beautiful face, long, slightly natural curled blonde hair, great sexy eyes, a playful mouth. Her body was worked and defined out but still slim and definitely female. You could see the muscles in her calves work when she walked on her extremely high pencil heels. She ever wore high heels, never lower than 5" (12 cm). At parties she often appealed on 6" (15 cm) to sometimes even 7" (18 cm) high heels - and anyhow she was able to walk properly and sexily on it, even after a lot of drinks.

She was a strange mix from the best of a lady, a bitch and a real friend you can count on. Partly she played the offish lady, partly a cheeky femme fatale, but also was a helpful and very lovely friend to her near friends or if anybody really needed help. Jess wore different kinds of clothes: sometimes a tight business suit, nylons and just 5" heels, sometimes a sporty look with a sexy belly free shirt and mini skirt or jeans and 6" heels and also super micro mini skirts, leather mini skirts or extra tight golden mini dress and her 7" heels.

But she also did sports: aerobics, work out at he gym, ballet - she was able to hold her leg up to her nose without any help for 1 hour for a party bet long after midnight. Then she left for her bathroom. When she came back from her nearby home, she just meant she better should have used the loo before. Nobody knew, that she had skipped her hardly needed morning pee that day and later found no chance to relieve her till then... Yes, and she also did martial arts training and ambitious "watersports" training since her childhood.

Jessy was able to hold her full bladder under control in every situation. And she didn't like to use the toilet. It was wasted time. Public loos were a no-go for her and if she visited friends she didn't like to ask them for the bathroom. If she has friends at her home, she skipped it because she was the host. And if she was on her own she had a lot to do...

A normal day started with a morning pee. It was a really long extremely hard gusher. After her breakfast Jessy quickly felt her coffee coming down to her bladder, but she just had had her morning pee and no time to go again. So she left for the university. While studying she felt her bladder filling and soon getting uncomfortable, but she was not at home, so she had to shift her thoughts away from it and concentrate on learning. In the breaks Jess felt her full bladder throbbing. She drank a lot of water all day. After all the parties she needed to drink a lot of it. She was able to hold it, so she held it in!

Then lunch time came. Her mind told her to go the relatively short way home and pee before a long afternoon without any chance to go pee. But Jessy knew she was able to hold it in - and she liked to eat and meet friends, lay onto the grass in the sun later and let her thoughts fly through fancy. Her fancy was disturbed by the now stinging pain in her poor bladder. She really drank a lot of water, Coke and juice over the day..! Then she had to study on in the university library.

Her mind often distracted from reading and learning by her now overactive bladder. When she would have opened her tight jeans, her belly would have stuck out for about 3"-4" (7-10 cm), but she did not open just the upper button. Her body desperately tried to push out the overload, Primary instincts and bodily functions to prevent a hollow organ as the bladder is, from exploding, started it's work. Her bladder pushed and cramped every few minutes, Jess was really desperate now, but she had no time to go pee now. Later! She pressed her legs together now, every fibre in her body was tensed. She fought back the attacks of her bursting bladder and did her work on and on. She knew these feelings and her fight against nature from the daily routine she held it in.

In the late afternoon Jess went home, met some friends at a nice coffee bar on her way home. She had to pee more than urgently now, but she liked to drink some latte macciato, cappuccino or iced coffee with her friends. Then she dashed off for her home, changed her clothes to a business dress - thought about peeing as she was nearly unable to get her tight skirt closed, but a glimpse towards the clock told her: you were naughty girl, you were at the coffee bar for a too long time - so today no afternoon pee, no matter how urgent and painful it got...!

Her body trembled as she pressed in her overloaded belly with a special extra strong "training corset" - otherwise she would disrupt her skirt. You would say peeing will take the same or even less time as closing a corset. Normally yes, but Jessie's overtrained sphincter after such a hard work needed much time to loosen and let out her pee After such an overly long hold of a so extremely overfilled bladder it would be more a long dribbling with some gushes between than a steady flow. So Jess bought this "training corset" in a SM shop to get her bulging bladder into her skirt...

Now she hurried to her afternoon job. She worked in an office for some hours. It was a big office and she could not show any sign of her now extremely urgent need to pee - but she needed to pee this extremely hard and bad nearly every 2nd day. So she knew, it would be some really hard and painful hours, but she would solve it at the end - anyhow she would... She had to phone a lot and take folders and files from a rack so often. And every movement caused extreme pain in her so much too tight corset and dress now.

Jessica damned the day and her way to play with her bladder until it was too late, like now. It was sheer horror, terror against her body and her bladder gave terror to her mind. Worst and unbearable pain, but it was her fault. So she friendly phoned - hiding the tremble in her voice. Stood up and walked to the files, went back - saw the bathrooms through the ever open door - and sat down again. Every movement was menacingly painful, but she had to stand it. And she knew the time would end after endless minutes and she would go home dryly - as every time - and she would just use the loo at home also this time...

Yes, the time ended and she carefully walked home by food on her 5" heels. Her home was in a traffic-reduced zone with a really bad cobblestone pavement. She - well trained as she was - walked over it sexily on her high heels. It was something she liked: everybody had problems on that cobblestones, but she on her extremely high heels was able to walk properly and sexily even over this... But her bladder was throbbing and the terrible pain of the now obviously boiling pee inside her belly destroyed her proudness by the feeling to die the worst possible way. The nearer she came to her home the worse acted her bladder... She felt she would not make it home dryly this time - even knowing she ever did it dryly before. But her pure desperation was stronger now than her mind - but she even in this horror tried to stay dry! Poor Jessy!

When she opened the doors and her toilet lid, franticly grabbing her tight business skirt, her phone rang... and again... and again...

Jessy knew it would be friends and she absolutely had no time to phone now! A few times she nearly wet herself so near to her toilet, just because she wanted to know who was it. Why did the answering machine did not start? Oh shit...!

Yes, Jessy grabbed her crotch roughly and went to the phone - feeling her pee slowly going down to the exit now... But Jessy put off the receiver... It was a man she met on a party last night. So you will be able to imagine, that Jess did not tell him how bad she had to pee and that she better would phone him back later, but she desperately danced beside her phone while talking and flirting with him...!

Then the door bell rang - surprise: this new friend phoned mobile and just reached Jessy. She kissed him and he pressed her tightly. Jessy nearly broke down by this pulse of additional pressure onto her bladder. She nearly cried by this shock of pain - she was at the end of her power now. Her bladder would win the battle the first time in her life today...! But Jessy loved this man and was not willing to give in and to lose him! So she told him to wait a little and she would change her clothes to go to the party he told her about at the phone.

She put on some music, changed the CD, sexily walked in front of him on her 5" heels, brought some drinks from the kitchen and said cheers. Then she disappeared into her closet and opened her torturing corset. Her bladder jumped out of it's prison and reached 5" (12 cm) prominence now. Jessy saw it in a shock. She could not go to just trickling pee for minutes and then have an extreme gusher, because this would be audible in her whole flat. But she also could not go to the all night party this way...! It was Friday evening and so the party could endure till the early or late morning. This was too much even for her so extremely strong bladder, she knew!!!

So first she looked for some sexy clothes - she would have an idea how to act - by the time...

She tried some skirts and some shirts, a blouse, some jeans and different accessories. Then she remembered her new friend would wait. So she tried to put on her corset again, but her belly had grown quickly without the external pressure. She was so nervous at the office and drank a lot of coffee, too much coffee for her - and then a few bottles of water to flush out all the caffeine. All this had been pent up and could not reach her bladder, because the pressure had shut her ureters and her kidneys had no chance to press more fresh urine down. So her kidneys stopped working by the inside pressure and the so now not working capillary action bringing used water from the blood into her kidneys. The system was stopped. But now it had started again... Anyhow in her panic Jess solved to close her corset again, took on her 7" heels a shirt and very short and extremely tight leather skirt.

She showed her dress to her friend and then brought him another drink. Her throat was dry like a desert now. She did not know how to come out of her trap. So she took a bottle of water and downed it in a few gulps. Then she changed the music and disappeared into her closet again. Her new friend understood this, surprised by her sexy clothes - she would find an even more fitting outfit she told him.

In the closet she put off her skirt, had problems to open her corset and her tummy stuck out extremely again, but the worst pain was off, so Jessy tried to think what to do. Beside she changed her blouse to another with a more plunging neckline. Then she took her tightest skirt - but did not take on a slip inside it. Her bladder stuck out shamefully big and Jessy had no idea how to empty it without any very loud and embarrassing noises... She thought about to pee into or through some clothes instead of into her toilet bowl, but this would cause a mess - and her friend also could like to visit the bathroom before leaving. She had no idea. Peeing through some clothes in her closet would damage the floor and probably dribble down to the neighbours - no chance she wouldn’t do so!

At the end Jessy decided just to stand the extreme pain for her new love. She was able to hold her pee in actually, why not also do this with her bladder hidden in her corset? She looked down and nearly screamed out loudly - was just hardly able to prevent a scream. Her belly had grown like a pumpkin, she had seen pictures of Ana Didovic in the internet, who was able to hold her pee to bulge out her bladder extremely. There was a clip of Ana in the web "The biggest Bulge". Ana's bladder there stuck out about nearly 8" (20 cm).

Here she saw the same. Her so often done toilet skipping had trained her bladder this extreme by the time. She just ever used her corset to prevent a bulge. So she was able to hold such a pressure and such an amount without knowing about that extreme bulge. She watched her bladder, which at least obviously did not fill further. This was the ultimate pressure, where her ureters simply had been shut again - this time even without any additional corset pressure. Now she had to compress all this to a flat belly...!?!!

Jessy knew it was impossible - nobody would be able to hold and stand this for just some minutes! But now she was in sheer panic. She anyhow had to leave her closet - soon. For a pee or not - she had to leave and her friend would tell her a freak, when he would see this - he would leave her - immediately!

Her friend called for her now, asked for the toilet! Oh no!!!

So Jessy now in her panic just functioned, as she ever did when she had no choice: "Wait a minute, I will show you!" she shouted and put on her corset. She was not able to close it, but frantically tried on and on and on...

"Please quick, it gets an emergency!" her friend shouted. Yes, she had given him drinks, he already came from that party and had waited for nearly an hour for her now... Oh god he really needed to pee, Jessy thought...

"Yes, I just close my skirt!" Jessy shouted back. And then she did superhuman work and with all her force from the gym and her work outs, added by the sheer panic to loose her new friend. So she anyhow was able to close her corset and jump into her skirt.

Her friend squirmed on the couch, Jessy nearly died in her corset and skirt, but showed him the way to her toilet. Then she heard him piss behind the door - a hard and not ending gusher. Her bladder cramped in anticipation to let out it's own overload too, Jessy did a frantic pee dance and was unable to leave the outer bathroom door area. Then the loo flushed and her friend came out. "Are you OK?", he asked. She blushed and said: "Yes, and ready to go!"

Oh, what did she do here...? She was shocked from her own so terribly ambiguous words - but now they left for the party. Jessy tried to squirm, but she walked in front of her friend, who was fascinated from her backside, her round ass, tensed to the maximum now, her long legs, her so extremely high heels - wow, 7" (18 cm) and how thin her stiletto heels were, about 4 mm he estimated as a studied engineer with a lot of practice he hit the nail: 4 mm diameter was the heels peak area. And Jessy now sexily but quickly walked over the bad cobblestone pavement, and her calve muscles showed a fascinating play, and her butt was so tensed, nearly exploding... But he did not know about her explosive bladder...

They reached the party and got some drinks. Jessy disliked any additional fluid, but politely drank. Then they started dancing. It was no relieve for poor Jessy, because every movement pressed and hit her bladder tortouringly. Even the bass beat of the music pushed her bladder dangerously. But now it was too late, she decided - and danced on. She obviously was able to cope with even this pressure anyhow. Jessy smiled at her friend and he came closer, took her into his arms and their bellies bumped together - that was too much, Jessie's legs gave in, but she fell into her friends arms and he misunderstood it and took her even more tight - her arms cramped around his back - her bladder now was pressed even more - and he misunderstood it again and pressed even harder himself, even when this extreme pressure was painful also for him now. Jessy felt her adrenaline shoot into her body. She kissed him and they again danced in a normal way, but very close.

Jess was used to hold her dangerously overfilled bladder shut for ages when on a party and so she just danced on and when it started to get worse, she kissed him... So the party went on and on - the morning came, but nobody of this party really wanted to go home. Some people sat beside and others lay beside by the time. Jessy and her friend were still dancing... The afternoon came and went by, a new night came and new people came. Jessy was so tired and exhausted, she wanted to sit down, but knew this would just give additional pressure onto her bladder.

Then her friend decided to stop dancing after 24 hrs. of dance marathon, but they did not go home. She sat down in a corner - stinging pain creeped over her and dusted her mind. He lay down beside her, stood up again and went to the loo. Jessy thought about doing the same, but if he would return before she was finished, he could probably think she would have left...

He came back with 3 big bottles of water, reaching one to her. Sheer panic came into her mind, but she smiled and drank it all in a few big gulps...

"Do you never need to pee?", he asked her. She smiled and just told him, that there are no toilets in fairy tales. "OK, then we will see, if this is a real fairy tale!", he said, laid down beside her and laid his had onto her crotch. This was such a strange feeling! Her bladder, 24 hrs ago about 8" big sticking out, forced into a corset for the whole party, tired by all the movements and bumps was compressed even more by sitting down and now again by the weight of his head. It was the total limit, but the pain did not increase any more. It seemed as if this also was the very absolute pain limit...

So Jessy let him do. And she sat there watching over him, while he quickly started to sleep. Her pain was so intense, but did not grow any more, no further cramps. So Jessy, who was used to stand a full bladder - an extremely full bladder in a daily routine - just accepted this new level of pain and kept sitting there. "There are really not toilets in fairy tales...!", she thought by herself.

Next morning, it was Sunday by the time, Jessy saw her friend waking up slowly. She smiled.

"Hi!" he moaned still slowly waking up more and more. Then he turned around, his head pressed onto her bladder even worse, when he came up. And he wondered: "Do you still don't need to pee?". Jessy told him she needed to pee for ages and very bad, but would not use the toilet here, but take her own at home later.

"I was ever fascinated by sexy women, who can hold in there pee all day!" he confessed to her. And this was the first time in Jessie's life she felt understood in her pee habits. So she told him: "OK, then I will hold it for you all day! - Let's dance and have fun!"

Totally surprised. but fascinated he followed her to the dance floor and fascinatedly observed her while they danced. At midnight they left and he escorted her home. She for him walked on the cobblestone pavement for about an hour, her feet in a really bad pain and her legs at the end totally cramped, but she was in love and happy - even with her still torturing bladder: she held the overload for 60 hrs now - respectively for about 55 hrs under this super extreme pressure she never experienced before. She could hold it forever, she thought, well knowing that her kidneys would let her die, if she would exaggerate it some more hours.

Then they entered her home, he started to undress her - and she did not stop him. Then he found the corset. "That's the trick, why your bladder didn't bulge out?", he asked her.

"Find it out!", she told him with a trembling voice. This would be the ultimate test: would he still like her strong bladder or was it too much for him and would he call her a freak as others did before? Jessica ever was able to find friends fascinatingly quickly - who would not be fascinated by such a sexy girl? - but she lost all her potential partners by her pee habits as quick as she found them...

He now took off her corset - tried to take it off - she helped him and her bladder virtually shot out of her tummy. The skin was stretched and got white the same moment. What a relive for poor Jessy. He stood there, his eyes wide open and then he carefully started to palpate this pumpkin under her skin. He was absolutely fascinated!

Jessy - so much relieved after losing a part of this extreme pressure - saw his fascination and started to laugh freely. He disbelievingly looked at her face: "How did you stand this for such a long time?" - "I don't know myself, she laughed, but it's so good to take this corset off... I just wanted to pee the worst urgent pee of my life, when you phoned me", Jessy told her new love now.

"And then I was too embarrassed to pee such a load, with you in my flat!" - and then you took on the corset?" - "No, I just opened it in the closet and while searching for a possible solution - and while this time my bladder filled with all that I drank before, so I decided to take on the corset again and to leave the house - same as I did before for my after study job." - "You even had such a bursting bladder while studying and even that time pressed your bursting and bulging bladder into this cruel corset to do your after study job" - "Yes, and when I came back home..." - "And when I visited you surprisingly, you really again pressed all this - this pumpkin-like overfilled bladder back into the tight corset?" - "Yes!" - "But you needed to pee so extremely urgent..."

- "Yes, I just could not let you wait...!" - "But for letting me... pee after just some party drinks, you compressed this pumpkin full of pee into your corset, and let me pee...!" - "Yes, I nearly died when I heard your gusher hit the porcelain!" - "...and went out with me for the whole weekend, let me press you so tight to me..." - "Yes, and in my extreme pain, by accident I pressed you even more tight to me too with an alarming power!" - "...and you let me lay my head onto your bladder after I peed and you had to wait...!" - "Yes, I just love you so much...! That is more important than just a full bladder!" - "And with the worst pain you ever experienced you did not let out any single drop, just sexing me on...?" - "Yes!" - "And you would have sex with me now, before peeing?" - "Yes!" - "But then, afterwards, you have to think about your kidneys!" - "I will do - afterwards!" - "And you will pee into a bucket to measure how much you can hold?!" - "Yes! I will do that for you!"

This time Jessy had worst pain, when her lover put pressure onto her bladder - it was in an absolutely new level, even when the ultimate pain cannot be increased any more. Jessy even liked this so much more than extreme pain, her body in sweat by this overly extreme pain - and she took all her power to not let any pee drop go.

About 86 hrs after her last morning pee Jessy peed into a bucket for her new lover. This time she - for him - again had closed the corset over her bladder. Unimaginably, even for her, how she survived the long party in this pressure and pain... This time it was just for short. They did a countdown from 1000 to 0 - she nearly peed herself in anticipation...! This was the worst urgent need to pee she ever experienced - but she solved this task. At zero her gusher hit the heavy old steel bucket and nearly bowled it down, but her lover caught it, while she stopped her jet for a few seconds. She was able to break even this high pressure jet...!!!

Then she emptied her overloaded bladder - and after a recreation break they measured all her pee - measured it twice and a third time. It was 4.45 litres, a little more than Ana Didovic shall have held in her bladder in that clip. But Jessy had given even additional external pressure onto her bladder for 2.5 days...

After this they were completely relaxed and had sex the whole Monday. He did not work and she did not go to the university. And she could feel how her tired bladder filled unmercifully and she had to fight the pressure and this with her tired sphincter and "bladder's revenge". But Jessy was in love and there was no way to pee into her bed. She again anyhow held it in! And her lover was more and more fascinated, seeing her bladder grow extremely again. The weak and still totally overstretched bladder walls gave room, till the pumpkin was there a second time - and Jessy had to fight much worse this time. And whenever she tried to regain full control, he sabotaged it by giving extra pressure onto her poor aching bladder - but he knew, she liked this inner fight and he was right - over-ambitiously Jessy really tried out her limits and she will do it again whenever she has to...!
