Water The Plants

Author: Guest SAM996

*000*2015-11-10 23:50

Well here's another don't know what more I could add and feel free to take some ideas I've done and do your own take because I honestly feel there's others who can do these stories better than I have..

Plot: Amy (been in all my stories except ones based on actual properties) is invited to her former co-worker Abby's party but what do you do when your desperate and there's people occupying the bathrooms and too many people outside? Well plant looks like it needs a drink.

Amy was standing around and chatting to friends. Abby who worked with her at Home Depot until she was fired for being caught peeing in a display toilet was hosting. Of course both her and Michelle who wasn't with her due to doing something else had gotten away with peeing in one of those toilets and she did feel bad for Abby getting caught. As she gulped down her 5th drink of the night she started to feel something as she began to cross her legs in desperation signifying that she had to pee.

"Hey I gotta take care of something nice talking to you Lisa" Amy said waving goodbye as she ran out of the room into the hallway and walked over to the downstairs bathroom and tried opening it to no avail.

"What the?" Amy said

"Wait one minute" a male voice called

"No big deal she has another one" Amy said walking off

She then ran up the stairs and walked towards the main upstairs bathroom and tried opening it up now being more desperate but again it was locked.

"What now?" Amy whispered

Suddenly she heard the noise of a fart as Amy put her fingers to her nose.

"Abby is that you? I think I've made shit of your toilet quite literally" a girl called out as she groaned in pain

Great now what was she gonna do? Looking around as she hopped in desperation Amy ran back down the stairs and then walked into the kitchen barging through the various people and decided she'd take her chance at peeing in the backyard however when she walked towards the back door she saw nearly half the guests conversing there and nearly the entire backyard had people at every corner giving her no privacy.

"Damn it" Amy said now really feeling desperate

"Amy how are you enjoying things?" Abby said smiling

"Fine" Amy said trying to hide her desperation

"Well I'm sorry Michelle couldn't come tonight but do give her my regards" Abby said

"I will" Amy said as she tried to walk away

"So how's work? Did they ever catch the person who crapped in display the toilet?" Abby said slightly annoyed that she had been fired while this person who committed an even more disgusting act got away

"No they didn't" Amy told her

"You think if I caught the person behind it they'd give me job back?" Abby said hopeful

"I don't know listen I'll see you later." Amy said rather quickly running away desperate up the stairs as Abby looked at her curiously

"Amy...?" Abby pondered confused but continued to attending to the party.

Amy ran back up the stairs and looked over to the bathroom still occupied as she sighed and looked around and saw a potted plant in the corner. Looking around and looking back to the door she then sighed.

"I guess Abby's plant could do with some watering" Amy said as she ran over to it.

Once again checking to see if anybody was there and finding nobody she pulled her pants and panties down and positioned herself over the plant and let go as she had to resist sighing in relief over being heard as she let her pee soak the roots and dirt in the plant. As she continued to let her pee flow she suddenly heard the bathroom open as she quickly pulled up her pants and panties squeezing her muscles and stopping her pee flow and quickly ran into what was Abby's bedroom as she saw her another co-worker Sarah walking out of the bathroom and then down the stairs. As Amy looked out the door she crossed her legs in desperation as she still needed to pee. Noticing there was another plant in Amy's room she quickly shut the door and pulled down her pants and panties again and positioned herself over the plant and let her remaining pee flow out of her as she sighed in relief.

"Much better and hey she get's her plants watered although I've heard sometimes it kills them so in which case I'm sorry Abbey" Amy said to herself

Shaking any remaining droplets of pee she pulled up her pants and panties and took a minute to wander around Abbey's room noticing it was very glamorous and seemed to have a lot of makeup stuff and nice looking clothes well clothes that were nice but not entirely expensive.

"Seems she meant it when she said she wanted a guy to notice her" Amy said remembering when Abbey told her how guys always ignored her and she's often tried to make herself look different and move away from her shyness so that she no longer feels invisible to society. Suddenly she heard Abbey's voice.

"Amy? You up here?" Abbey called out

Abbey walked by the bathroom door and held her nose wondering what Sarah ate. She then walked to her plant and noticed it had been watered. Examining it further she smelt it and moved away in disgust and confusion.

"Pee?" Abbey pondered as she then opened her bedroom door and walked in. Looking around she then looked at the plant by her door and noticed that it too had been pissed on. What was going on here? She looked around and noticed nobody was there. Walking over to the window she looked out upon the party guests. Seeing nothing out of the ordinary she walked away from the window and out of her bedroom. Unbeknownst to her however Amy had crawled out the window and onto the roof, the party guests not evening noticing due to being drunk and the fact that it was so dark.

"That was a close one. Now how do I get out of here?" Amy said to nobody in particular before quickly tripping and falling off the roof and into the bin on the ground below which was near the house wall as it closed trapping her in there for the night.

The next morning the effects of the party had taken the toll and Abbey was left to clean everything up.

"Still don't know what happened to Amy though nor who the hell peed on my plants of all things? Does stuff like this just happen the store my plants I heard there was a lot of public park urinations and defecations? I should look into this. Or maybe I'm crazy because here I am talking to myself as I throw away garbage waiting for the garbage guy to come" Abbey said to herself.

Opening up the bin she didn't look inside as she through the garbage bag in as Amy quickly woke up and called out for Abbey but the bag landed on her head no doubt giving her more injuries. All this just because she had too pee which she had to so now again because it was morning time and she had to take her morning pee as Abbey closed the lid down unaware of Amy's predicament.

Then the garbage guy came and grabbed the bin and loaded it onto the truck and opened the truck and then opened the bin itself dumping the bag and Amy into the truck and closing it not noticing Amy falling in as he got back into it and drove off unaware he was taking a young woman to the dumps.

"Should have just waited for the bathroom" Amy said as she groaned at being in the darkness and being surrounded by the garbage and what she landed herself into.

THE END.

Anyway hope you thought it was okay and no Amy won't be living in the dumps by the time of the next story she'll find a way out I just felt this time she and/or Michelle needed some kind of comeuppance for peeing in places they shouldn't even if the people who's property was damaged didn't know it.

*003*2015-11-17 00:09

Nice job with the story. I can't say that I saw the ending coming

