Involved

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2011-10-08 12:55

Involved

Yes, this is a rather long story, and the peeing doesn't happen until the near end, but if you like it, then the second chapter that may follow if people like this story, will have a bit more wetting and other things in it. I actually have worked hard on this story, and as you can see, my stories are not main plotted on wetting, because I think wetting should even take place in the middle of other things going on, to give the situation much more meaning.

Wet Note by our friend Z was so successful, because she understood that a story needs more than wetting in it, but at the same time, knew just when and were to add it so that it was the most interesting, and found enough different ways for it to happen that it interested a lot of different people.

So, this story's plot is about a hit man in a made up mafia, a girl that gets caught up in the plot, and extreme situations that lead to her wetting... though if you read between the lines... well, have fun reading.

One Night:

Logan was out staking his mark,trying to get close enough for the shot when a bullet whizzed by his head. His sandy-blond hair stood on end as his brain processed the milliseconds to duck just in time that the bullet had implanted itself in the hotel door behind him.

“Damn! How did they know?” Logan gasped. He ran from the room and down the steps into the back alley. He would have to comeback another time, if there was another time. For now, he just had to get away.

Another shot flew past him striking a random car, and he knew that whoever was shooting at him was on to not only the setup, but exactly who the sniper was. He would have to report to his boss that he could not execute the man in question, and that would not make his boss happy at all.

Logan ran here and there trying to lose the men that were sent after him, only to find the mob that he worked for,set up in an alleyway, for the trouble that was following him. They were no better than the first though for Logan because they were shooting at him too. Somehow, the boss already knew he had failed and had decided he was a liability while he was alive!

He ducked down another alley where the two gangs finally met up in an open war!

10:45P.M.

Logan was on the ground, hit in the leg and unable to move. The only reason he wasn’t finished off, was that both sides were now having an outright gunfight in downtown Los Angeles. Logan was able to pull himself behind a dumpster and hide from the crossfire.

He could see that his leg was not bad, and the bullet had only grazed it, but it was still quite painful. He wouldn’t get far if he tried to run at the moment, so the best he could do was take the chance to rest while the gangs both pinned each other down.

Not long after, the police sirens could be heard in the distance, and both sides decided that Logan wasn’t worth exposing anyone to the law. They had a reputation to protect, and there was always another day to fight. Both of the groups had stopped shooting and slipped into the shadows leaving Logan there to fend for himself.

He put his rifle under the dumpster along with his bag of other things he normally took with him on each job. Then he pulled himself out into the open and tried to stand up, but couldn’t seem to due to the pain in his left leg. He fell over again.

11:15

Seeing that a man was apparently hurt out her window, a young woman in her mid-twenties slid the violet curtain back in place and sighed. She could leave him there, and maybe he would bleed to death, or maybe those others would come back for him. Maybe the police would even shoot him thinking he was dangerous.

The woman was a nurse in training though, and something in her conscious would not let her leave the man to his fate, regardless of what trouble he was in. It gnawed at her as she went to the kitchen to grab a sandwich, and it gnawed at her as she tried to turn on the television. She didn’t have much time to act before the police would arrive. She had to do something.

Her red-brown hair dangling over her face, messy from the day’s work, for she had just returned home at about ten and she felt something was about to happen just before looking out the window. She was unwinding when she heard the gunshots at around ten. Why did she have to be so curious and so kind hearted? It was going to be the death of her, but she put down her sandwich, walked down the steps and to the alley to find the man still sitting there trying to decide what to do.

Logan looked up, seeing a young woman with red-brown hair, green vibrant eyes, and a blemish-free smile dressed in a sports shirt and some shorts running towards him. She was quite healthy. He was sure that the boys on his side were not all gone, and when the area calmed down, he would be a dead man.

The woman smiled as she approached the man. Logan looked at her wondering if she was some secret assassin from the other side, who might use such a trick to get close to him. He could see how her somewhat plain looks, yet the cute features could play with the imagination of his mind, but there was not much hope anyway. If she was sent there to kill him, then at least it would be quick.

“Come, I’ve got to get you inside,”she said as she tried to help him up, heaving on his right side to get him to stand.

“Get me inside?” he asked somewhat weakly. He was nearing to passing out. He couldn’t understand it though because the wound in his leg wasn’t that bad. What he didn’t realize, was that glancing blow had also hit him in the left shoulder, but because of the pain already in his legs, and the adrenalin in his system, he had not felt the impact.

The woman somehow, forced Logan to walk into the house, and before she could get him much past the doorway, he had collapsed. He was really lucky on two accounts. One was that the wounds were not severe enough to kill him, and the other was that she was a nurse trainee,and with the luck he had had with the bullets that hit him, she was at least capable of fixing those up.

Morning

Logan woke the next morning, on the sofa, his eyes coming to a blurry focus of the quaintly setup living room with the small kitchen off to one side and a small hall down which there were two bedrooms and a bathroom.

It was late morning, and though Logan didn’t think it safe to leave the apartment, he wondered why he had been spared and where his angel was that had rescued him from certain death. His leg had stitches in it, and his arm was bandaged and put in a sling to keep him from moving it. Someone had known just what to do for gunshot wounds, it seemed, but now he was alone in a quiet apartment.

Logan peered out the window across the street, and he recognized two cars from his own gang. They were looking for him. He didn’t know when they would figure out where he had gone, but he realized that it wasn’t safe for whoever had rescued him.

He sighed and turned on the television with the remote that was next to the sofa on the coffee table. The window he had peered out was right next to the sofa. He hadn’t moved a muscle yet other than to pull the curtain partly back and to reach for the remote with the arm that was still working.

He saw the note on the table only when he reached to put the note back.

Do not try to move too much. I have some sandwiches made up for you on the table when you get hungry, there is juice in the fridge, and if you are smart, you’ll stay put until your arm gets better.

Well, his mysterious savior had also provided food for him, and it was obvious that he had to stay not only because of the wounds, but just because of the people waiting outside the apartment. He wondered how long it would take them. Did they already know what the girl looked like that had helped him?

Many years ago, he had remembered a time when he had stumbled upon a young teenage boy in the hospital. The father of that boy had not paid some due or messed up on some other operation for the boss. The boy, himself, had just come out of a coma, and to teach the man a lesson, the kid was killed the next day.

Logan knew what it meant to get close to someone, and then to have the boss use that person to teach you a lesson,not from personal experience, but from that experience alone. That was one reason that the thirty-eight year old man had not gotten close to anyone. He had no girlfriends, no family, nothing that the boss could use to teach him a lesson with.

Restlessly, the man looked out the curtain noting that the men were still watching the street and they seemed to watch carefully every door and every person that moved. It was a relief to see because he knew that that meant they had not figured out where he was being kept at the moment. He could probably get away with resting for a few days before they figured out where he was.

That Night

At around nine in the evening, the door burst open and the young woman from before entered her apartment, turning to quickly lock the door behind her, and then she faced Logan. She had a small smile on her face, but her eyes were cool and her hands were clasped against her legs to keep them from shaking and showing him how nervous she was.

“I see you are up and able to walk now,” she said noticing that the sandwiches which were wrapped nicely for him were gone. “I’m glad you are feeling better, but you’ll have to stay for a few days if you know what’s good for you.”

Logan looked at her with cold eyes, a frown, and an aura that sent chills down her spine.

“Who told you to get involved?” he asked her. “Do you know what kind of trouble you are in?”

Of course the woman shook her head,and looked at him sincerely. It didn’t matter what kind of trouble she was in because she lived in the rough part of town, the only place she could afford rent, and helping anyone or putting your nose out for any reason could get you killed there. Still, she was a nurse, and her very core told her that it was her responsibility to help someone injured regardless of what may happen because of it.

Logan shook his head at her and sat back into the couch. He wasn’t sure if he should scare her or not, but everyone knew of the Red-Tide in that area, and though it wasn’t as big as some mafia outfits, the local police were still scared of them, and they had pretty good news coverage when they were involved in some violent schemes.

“You should have left me,” he said quietly before sighing.

“Yes, and then what? If I had left you, your friends surely would have killed you by now,” the woman retorted a bit taken aback at his ungratefulness.

“I’d have found a way to survive it,”Logan whispered. “I always do.”

“This has happened before?” she asked him quite upset.

“Of course it has,” he sighed. “Why else do you think I survived until you found me? I knew when to make my break,and when to stay put,” he glared at her.

“Well, if you want out of here so badly, there’s the door,” the woman was starting to lose patience with the man. He was the rudest house guest she had ever had.

“I can’t leave right now,” Logan told her. “You do know who the Red-Tide are.”

“You can’t be a part of that,” she looked at him in terror.

“I’m afraid I am, and they are watching your apartment right now. If you look across the street, you can see there are two parked vehicles that are watching. Once they know where I am,they will not only try to get me, but kill or torture anyone else that had been involved in trying to help me escape.”

“What did you do to them?”

“I didn’t finish a job that the boss wanted,” Logan stated simply. “Failure is as bad as betrayal in the Red-Tide.”

The young woman sighed. She didn’t know what she was going to do if he was telling the truth. Regardless of what they did, the Red-Tide would eventually figure out where he was, and going to the police was laughable because the police wouldn’t do anything about it. The woman sighed.

“Since I’m going to be here for awhile, we should give each other a name to address each other as,” Logan said in a low tone. “That is, unless you just want to take me to the police; or kick me out and take your chances that the Red-Tide will not notice.”

The young woman sighed and made up a name on the spot. She was not going to give him any real information as long as she could help it.

“My name is Megan,” she told him. “Who are you?”

“Logan,” he replied not worried if she knew his real name or not. He was used to it, and it made it easier to communicate to people when he felt comfortable knowing he wasn’t hiding anything except what he had to.

“So, what am I supposed to do so that we are not discovered by your ‘friends?” Megan asked as she went to the kitchen to start preparing something for dinner.

Logan stood up and followed her into the kitchen. “Nothing different from what you are doing, really,” he shrugged. “However, you might want to give me your cellphone number, and carry it close from now on in case you need me to come and get you.”

“Why would I need you to get me?” she asked.

“You just never know,” Logan looked at her seriously. “I’m only here because you saved me, so if you needed help in return because of it, I will be there. But it’s important that you just do as you are told so that they don’t figure out who you are.”

Megan nodded feeling her nervousness twitching down her legs and throughout her back. She was shaking nervously now, and she stopped a moment from adding the noodles to the boiling pot so she could gather herself together enough to calm down.

The Second Day after Rescuing Logan

Megan was up early as usual getting ready to go to school. She had put Logan in the spare room from the night before, and he had given her money that while she was out, she was to get him some clean things so he could shower and be clean that night.

Megan’s hands were still a little twitchy, and she still felt her hairs at the back of her neck crawling in excitement or anxiety as the unknown waited for her beyond her apartment door. Just as he had suggested though,she had given him her cell phone number, and was keeping it close as she walked out of her apartment to go down the block to catch the bus.

Logan peeked out the window making sure that the cars didn’t move or that people were not following Megan. He sighed in relief when he saw that she was safely away and the cars were still watching the street for some hint about where he might be.

He didn’t consider himself across-dresser, but enough was enough. He had been in these same clothes for way too long, and he finally decided he had to do something about it. He walked to Megan’s room, and looked through her things for something as manly as he could find to cover himself in, and then he went for a bath.

Lucky enough for him, she did have some regular panties, so he didn’t have to wear anything too sexy to cover his romp, and he found an old man’s shirt that she probably used as a pajama top at times. She probably wasn’t going to like it, but he had to get a shower, and he was sure she’d be even more alarmed if she came home and he was bare naked.

He then lounged in her purple panties and gray man’s shirt for the rest of the day, eating the sandwiches she had left for him again, and watching the television in the living room. From time to time, he peeked out the window to make sure the two survey cars were still there.

Of course, the cars would change, and would also change position so that they were easier to hide, but Logan, having been on the run many times before, and knowing how the Red-Tide operated, know what to look for.

The Night

Logan was still watching television not really thinking of anything when Megan came through the door with some bags of food and clothes at 9:30. She locked the door as usual, and then turned to see that Logan was in her nightshirt and a pair of her purple panties!

She felt her face heating up, and her eyes began to water and sting at the same time. She didn’t know if she wanted to shout, to cry or to just stomp off to her bedroom without saying or doing anything to him. He had no right going through her bedroom. There were things, she… she didn’t want anyone to know about, and one of the reasons she didn’t have a lover of any kind was the shame she would have to try to explain. Did Logan find out when he was going through her things?

Logan saw her face heat up, and he just looked at her for a moment waiting for her to explode. He even felt she might misjudge him thinking he was gay or something or something worse, but he didn’t look down. He didn’t say the first word. He just waited.

Megan pulled herself together, put the four sacks she had had with her away from the door, she had had to pay fora taxi to bring everything, and she walked towards her room. Her face was beat red not because he was wearing her things so much, but because she was afraid of what he might have discovered.

In her room, her bed was still neatly made, her close only had the one missing shirt, and her panties drawer and a couple of other drawers were the only things disturbed. She sighed hoping he had not pulled the blankets back on her bed, that he had not looked under her bed, or that he had not opened the other closet side. Those were her three special places that hid something very shameful for a woman her age.

She walked back out of her room, and into the living room, her face becoming a lighter pink as she felt more certain that he had not discovered her secrets, and she picked up the grocery bag and headed to the kitchen.

“You have some clothes now, so you can take off mine,” she said her back to him so that she didn’t have to look at him. She was still upset that he had gone through her stuff without asking. She wasn’t as upset as she was when she thought he found out about her secrets, but she still felt embarrassed and a little worried that it would show that she was hiding something.

“Thanks,” Logan headed to the bathroom to change.

Three Days later:

As usual, Megan was getting ready for school and then work, and Logan, who was still there, was sleeping in the spare room. Over the course of the few days he had been there, he had been rather blunt that she shouldn’t get too close to him, and that they should try to keep things as natural to her usual life as possible to avoid her becoming a target.

By then, Megan already knew which two or three cars to look for that might be checking out her house as Logan had taught her. She walked down to the bus stop as usual, but something within her told her that something was a bit off. Someone was following her, not by car, but perhaps on foot. She made it to school, and for the most part had no problems there, but then she started her walk towards her job, and that’s when she really felt uncomfortable.

Megan pulled out her phone and dialed her home.

“Mom? It’s me. I seemed to have forgotten something, so I’d appreciate it if you could bring it for me,” she had said so as not to give anything away in case these creeps were closer than she thought.

Logan, meanwhile, also had a strange feeling, and he looked out the window. He saw the cars, but there were no people in them. They had been left as decoys! He scanned carefully for the gang members,but he couldn’t find any, and he knew. They had figured it out, and they were going to kidnap her and get her to tell them where he was.

His wounds had basically healed by then, so that he could move his shoulder fairly normally, and the first thing he did was slip out of the apartment, not through the door, but through the window,dropping less than ten feet which really was no problem for guy like him.

He had chosen to drop from her bedroom window as it was the one closest to the alley where he would find his bag of guns.

Running!

Megan headed into a small diner not far from her campus, and she sat at a table now dialing her home again praying that Logan would pick up, but still there was no answer. She felt her legs shaking under the table,and she felt the presences of those that were trailing her. It was like ghosts were watching her because she knew they were there, but not where.

Megan sighed and she stood up and went to the bathroom. As she had expected, the feeling that someone was following her had increased as she went it. She then found a young woman there and because she had really nice things, and just wanted to get out of there unnoticed, she called the woman over to her.

“Look miss,” she whispered. “My abusive boyfriend followed me here, and I’d like to give him the slip. As you can see, all of my stuff is designer made, and it’s worth much more than what you are wearing, so if you would please trade me, I’d really appreciate it. I don’t want to go back to him.”

The woman looked at her for a minute,but she could see that Megan was genuinely shaking from nerves, and so whatever had caused her to believe Megan’s story wasn’t so important as the fact that she agreed to change with her.

Megan then waited in the bathroom while the lady made her way out of the bathroom. Not even before the woman had gotten out of the hall the led to the toilets in the back, a group of men jumped her and forced her through the back door and to their car which was waiting.

Megan then started out of the bathroom after another ten minutes, when she thankfully spotted Logan who had just walked in. She looked around, the feeling of being watched was gone, and she walked up to where Logan was.

“So, you got my message?” she asked him.

“Yeah, I just had to get something first. Sorry it took so long.”

“Can we get out of here? I’m a little worried.”

“Sure. I noticed that they were gone, so when you called the first time, I was gone getting some things we needed.”

“How did they know?”

“I don’t know, but we’re going to have to leave town for a few days.”

“Leave town?”

“That is, unless you want them to find you!”

“Why don’t we just go to the police?”

“You go ahead and try that, and see where that gets you.”

“The police can protect us.”

“Ha! You know the police won’t even bother the Red-Tide. There are actual members of the Red-Tide in the Los Angeles police department, and if you go to them, you will be handing yourself right over to the monsters.”

Megan looked down feeling fed up. Why was she helping someone that was causing her such trouble? Maybe she could go to the police and just tell them where to find Logan and then her night mare would be over, but somehow, he knew what she was thinking.

“If you are thinking of going to police and just telling them where to find me, I’ll tell you right now, that not only will they get me, but they’ll find a trumped up charge to hold you for, and then you’ll be given over to the Red-Tide as well.”

“But I haven’t done anything to them. Why should they care?”

“They’ll think you know something.”

“But I don’t!”

Logan shook his head. “I can’t convince you. If you do decide to be an idiot, then you can consider my helping you to be finished and over with. I will not help someone that is so selfish and stupid as to try a dangerous trick like that!”

Megan looked down worried that he might be right. They had followed her into town, and she was sure they had gotten that other woman. She had heard the commotion outside the door,but she had hoped that they’d had turned her loose once they had realized their mistake.

“I don’t feel so good,” Megan sighed. “My stomach hurts. They will turn that other woman loose once they realize she isn’t me, won’t they?”

Logan gave her a get real look.

“They… they aren’t going to kill her?”

Logan raised his eyebrows.

Megan could feel her heart speeding up, and tears started to fall down her face as she realized that she might have written that woman’s death sentence.

“Now is not the time to dwell on someone that is already finished,” Logan whispered. “Right now, we just need to think about how to stay alive.”

Megan felt something bubbling from inside her. The man didn’t care at all that someone innocent had died in her place, and the man kept telling her things as though there were no feelings tied to them, and he constantly ordered her around. She was starting to feel that running was a waste of time, and she was starting to feel rebellious about listening to him. What was more, she was starting to cramp as her bladder sent signals to her brain that perhaps it would have been prudent to have actually used the toilet those couple of hours ago that she was in there.

Logan saw the car nearing empty, and he had to stop over for gas. He looked at Megan as he started to pull in to a gas station.

“It’ll be wiser if you just stay put and I’ll get us some snacks and some gas.”

“But I need to….”

“Megan? Stay put because I’m not playing around. Those guys are looking for us, and if they get you alone, it will be difficult for me to save you.”

“Sure, fine,” she pouted and crossed her arms while Logan stepped out of the car walking inside for some gas.

Megan waited until he was busy with the man at the counter, and then she opened her door and bolted, not for a bathroom, but away from the gas station though her side told her that she really should be headed for a bathroom.

“There’s no one out here,” she thought. “If she just got out of there,and waved down some help going somewhere else, she might be able to be done with this nightmare.”

As she run up over on a service road that would lead to the interstate again, a van pulled in front of her and a car behind her. Several men jumped out and grabbed her pulling and pushing her into the van.

Tears ran down her face as she sat there in the van worried about what was going to happen next. One of the men suddenly slammed something hard into her head, and she blacked out for a few minutes.

When Megan came too, her head was throbbing, her hands were tied up, and she started to focus seeing blurred faces but hearing voices at first.

“Where is he?” one of the men asked her.

“I don’t know.”

The blurry and wavy scene started to sharpen, and she saw six men in back with her and she could just make out that there were two people in the front, but because of the wall and the grill like vent she had to see through, she really couldn’t tell the details about the people in front.

“Liar,” one of the men in back spat at her. “Fine, don’t tell us where he is because it’ll only be a matter of time anyway, but tell us what he has told you.”

“Nothing!” Megan shook her head. “I don’t know anything!”

She could feel her bladder contracting and her muscles screaming in protest that she should pee soon. She was scared, she was facing monsters, and she was about to humiliate herself besides. She could feel the tears welling in her eyes. They burned and stung her pupils, and she whined that she knew nothing.

“You don’t want to talk?” one of the men asked her. “We have ways of making young bitches like you talk.”

The men all laughed at what he had said.

“Please, no,” she gasped worried about what that could mean. She could feel her body reacting to the fear, and because her feet were still untied, she kicked one of the men in the growing. He bent over in agony, but another man sliced her leg with a knife!

“You want to fight?” he asked her. The knife was now being held against her chest as one the men got in her face. It was poking at her, and she could feel her body panic. Something warm and wet was starting to pool beneath her. She wondered if they had cut her for a moment before she realized she had lost control of her bladder for a moment or two. But now, her bladder had some of the pressure taken off of it, and she was now more worried about being cut than whether she was going to pee or not.

“So, what will it be?” the man with the knife now pressed her fear limits again. “Are you going to tell us what we want to know, or will we have to…”

There was a sudden BANG sound as the van was hit sideways. The man with the knife had lost control of it, and it landed in his leg! The van fell over on its side, the other men in back were dazed, Megan was on the ground looking scared, and the two in the front were hidden from view.

Logan appeared at the back of the van with a shotgun, firing into the wall that separated the back and front at the driver’s side and the passenger side. He picked the girl up, and carried her while the others were dazed, and he placed her in the passenger side of a heavy dump truck! He has stolen a heavy construction vehicle to come and get her. One that he knew they couldn’t have much chance of challenging in a derby fight, and they drove off into the night, the dazed men coming out the truck firing weapons at the dump truck, but basically finding that with the vehicle so far away, and they still surprised stupor, that they couldn’t really do much to it.

“I told you to stay put,” he looked over at Megan. He didn’t even know why he had gone after her, but seeing her tear streaked face, her fearful eyes, and her red face, he softened. There was something about her that he liked.

“I’m sorry. I promise I won’t try to run again,” Megan whimpered. The rest of the pee in her body was dying to get out, but she kept her legs tightly crossed, the top button of her jeans missing because they had cut it off while intimidating her,and the buttons on her sweater missing which showed only a muscle shirt underneath, nearly exposing her breasts to him save for the bra under it.

“Alright,” Logan sighed. “Just don’t do something like that again. They could have killed you!”

Megan nodded. She knew very well that he was serious, and she was also scared that they were going to do something to her long before they killed her. These men were dangerous, and she had so little experience in dealing with such kinds of people despite living in the roughest parts of town.

She kept squeezing her legs together,ashamed and scared to ask him to pull over for her, but just as worried about giving in and wetting herself. It was bad enough that he had scolded her for being stupid! She did not want to be a baby, too. And she was sure that he wouldn’t be pulling over soon as long as they were behind somewhere, and she really didn’t want him to pull over yet because it would give them a chance to catch up.

“How did you find me?” she asked him.

“Reach in your back pocket,” Logan smiled. He was in the mafia after all,and he was a hunter. He was a kind of assassin sent to kill targets, but he was always asked to try to make it look like something not tied to the Red-Tide, so he often used tracers to keep track of his targets.

Megan reached in her back pocket and pulled out a flat cardboard which had a few wires in it and basically looked like a pack of gum. He then pointed at the dashboard of the truck, and she could see a GPS system of sorts located on the interstate.

“Never underestimate someone in my business,” he grinned at her.

Megan started to fill a familiar thread of liquid slipping past her girlhood into her panties warming her again,this time spreading the warmth partly to her thighs before she could stop it. She was starting to pee her pants,and she really didn’t see any way to save herself from doing it. Pulling over meant those other men would catch up, and she wasn’t about to take off her pants in front of Logan, at least not here, and there were no other options left to her. She moaned as she put her hands between her legs trying to keep the warmth inside her body rather than on her pants.

Logan looked over at her, seeing her face turn crimson, and a scowl crawling across it from her trying to hold herself, and her eyes tightly closed.

“Are you okay?” he asked her.

More pee started to pool in her pants, and soon, the seat was feeling soaked and warm, the tops of her legs started to hold a large lake before the water disappeared below her legs again,and some of it leaked over the side of her lap wetting her sides. She couldn’t stop it. Three times, the lake appeared, and then she just had little squirts left that she saw no point in keeping in, pushing to force the rest out. She was now soaked.

“I guess you really had to pee?”Logan smiled over softly at her, but her eyes were still closed, and her crimson face was hanging down letting her hair fall over her face to hide the redness of shame in her features.

“Megan, it’s okay. You’ve had a really stressful time, and I’m guessing you haven’t been to the bathroom since your ordeal started. You are only human after all.”

Megan looked up at him, a part of her sensing something soft in his voice which was non-judgmental. His cool gray eyes were smiling at her, and touched the top of her wet thigh with his right hand, even feeling between her legs with a finger.

“It’s okay, Megan. I understand,” he said once more.

“But, I’ve peed myself,” she whispered.

“Yes, just like a normal person put in a situation like you have been put in. There have been times when I’ve been in that same situation, and it never feels too good to be forced to do that, but it happens.”

They smiled at each other for a moment, and then the truck disappeared down the interstate towards the state-line.

Chapter 2: To be posted when it's finished

*002*2011-10-10 09:08

Involved

Chapter Two point one 2.1 (I plan to write more on this Chapter soon)

They were finally at the motel, after leaving the bigger truck far behind, having stolen another car, and driven to a small town and parking the stolen car nearly fifteen minutes from the motel so that the Red-Tide would think they had abandoned yet another car making it harder to track them down.

They walked in the night air, Megan’s jeans sticking to her bottom as they were soaked from earlier in the truck, and she still had no clean clothes to change for the jeans. Her face was no longer red, as the shock had worn off, though the shame was still there making her face feel cooler with a chill that felt more like sweat. A cold sweat that announced to the world how shamed she was, walking down the street in public in soaked jeans.

Logan couldn’t help but look every so often because despite her discomfort, or maybe because of it, she was really cute that way, and he liked the pattern it had made on her bottom and her legs as it went down her pant legs in the truck.

Megan could finally see the sign for Motel 8 ahead, and she looked over at Logan wondering if he was going to force her to further shame herself by exposing her wet bottom to everyone inside. She didn’t dare ask he didn’t,nor did she want to go in. She was beside herself for the decision for going in with him meant that she was at least protected, but also that everyone would know what kind of baby she had been.

“You stay right here by the front doors where I can see you,” Logan told her. “I’ll be right there checking us in, and if you see or hear anything,wet or not, you come and get me, understand?”

Megan, not wanting a repeat of earlier, earnestly agreed. She really didn’t want to be caught again. The next time, they might not just stop at popping the buttons off of her sweater, which now exposed her white bra, or the button from her jeans, which now exposed the tops of her purple silk panties. Her leg still had the cut on it from the creep slicing her, but though it stung, it wasn’t as bad now it had been a couple of hours.

Logan came back with the key for the room, and grasping her arm as he looked around, he whispered to her. “When we get you inside and out of the spotlight, I want you to take a shower. I’ll go find wash your clothes for you for tomorrow.”

“Where will you be?”

“They have a laundry facility right over there,” he pointed at the smaller building with some lights on. “I’ll be right there washing your stuff. I can see the front door of our room from the outside there, and you’ll be okay.”

Megan nodding, feeling happy that she could at least get her wet clothes off of her now chaffing skin. She waited patiently for Logan to open the motel door, trying to cross her legs and stand with her butt against the wall so that passers-by wouldn’t have a clear view at her disgrace.

Megan walked directly to the bathroom while Logan walked in and turned on the news after he had carefully made sure the room door was locked.

Megan’s pants were still making a kind of rubbing sound that sounded a little like jean cloth on a rubber hose,being slid across it like a bow on a fiddle. She peeled the material from her legs as she slid the jeans down, it being easier to get off by turning inside out. Her violet panties were nearly purple black in the crotch, and the smell that emanated from them after the jeans were down was musky as though an old attic door were disturbed after centuries of hiding something wet in there.

Megan sighed pulled her panties down,watching with satisfaction as the cloth pulled away from her skin much like that of a scab that was coming loose from an old sore, but which still held blood within. Her privates itched, and she couldn’t wait to start the warm relaxing water that was to be her bath.

Bubble bath was found on the side of the tub, and she opened the small tube and poured that in too, sighing as she thought about the relaxation her tired, sore, and smelly body was about to get. She had definitely deserved this after such a harsh day.

It wasn’t long after she had gotten the tub filled, and had just climbed in, when the door to the bathroom jiggled,and then came open revealing Logan with a knife that he had used to wiggle the door free of its lock.

“I need to take your clothes to wash them while you are bathing,” he looked at her as though he had done nothing.

Megan slipped down into the water to try to hide her body among the bubbles of the bubble bath while he gathered her wet jeans and soaked panties. She looked down in shame knowing that it was the only way since she had nothing with her that would allow her to go out there and do it herself.

Megan soaked in the tub for about thirty minutes, washed herself up in fifteen more, and then after drying off,was out in the main room with a blanket from one of the beds covering her chest along with an undershirt and between her legs, a white thick towel that she had wrapped up there almost like a diaper.

Logan came back to see her watching the news, and seeing her in one of the beds smiled. He put her clothes on the foot of her bed and then went to the bathroom before joining her in the other bed. Apart of him wanted to climb in next to her, but he knew that would only spook her and after a day like she’s had, he had to be patient with her.

The long day had been quite difficult on Megan, and she fell asleep while Logan was still watching the news, her clothes still at the foot of her bed.

The moment she fell asleep, and the moment she started to feel like she was in a dark tunnel somewhere, was hard to distinguish, but now, she was panting and breathing for air. At any moment, whatever was chasing her and something with her, would be upon her. At any moment, she would have to face the worst thing she had ever known, but she didn’t even know what that was.

She peeked out some kind of light curtain at the darkening sky, and somewhere deep within her, something bigger than anything imaginable was laughing at her with a huge belly full of Ho ho ho’s. It was out there, and it was in the sky. It was in the air, and it was on the ground. It was unstoppable, and it was coming for them. She felt as though she was in a very low room which was invisible and invulnerable, but if she didn’t let the veil drop back in place, she would be seen, and the invulnerable curtain would not help.

There was a flash of lightning in the sky and a sudden crack of thunder that no only destroyed her invulnerable room and the curtain, but snapped her eyes open so she was looking at the inside of her blankets and smelling a familiar musty smell coupled with a slight scent of ammonia. It was pee!

Suddenly, she felt her body push yet again, and another stronger spurt of pee fell through the towel that acted as a diaper around her waist and soaked into the mattress below her. She was peeing the bed! She sat up, but even as she moved, the heaviness and the lake that was inside the towel could be felt. It was too late, and she was still squirting. Embarrassed and scared, she sat there in bed, and finished peeing in the towel-diaper.

Megan sighed. This wasn’t knew for her, but she had hoped that she could have avoided to pee the first night she had to sleep in the same room with someone else. She didn’t know how she’d be able to explain, but after she peed completely, she reached under the blankets and pulled the towel off from around her waist. It was soaked on the side, a lake still covering her bottom.

Another sigh later, she pulled herself carefully from her wet bedding, and pulled the blankets over as if she had just made the bed, and taking her clothes, she went into the bathroom wash herself off and to put on her clean clothes.

Trying to hash out where it goes from here. I have the plan in mind, but putting those events into words is proving to be quite tricky...

*003*2011-10-11 14:38

{{:

Run it through an online spell checker and grammar checker when you're done, it only takes a minute and looks quite a lot more professional. (As if you're not already a PRO!) -ψEliΨ

}}

Spelling and grammar isn't the problem. For some reason, when I copy and paste from word to this new format on this site, it tends to combine words that were not combined, and has even cute words out on me. I have give you a word version if you want, and you can compare, but I then go through the entire thing separating words, and sometimes, if I don't notice it, it will erase something completely instead of just separating something. Other times, I just miss a combined word here or there because it really takes a long time to go through all those words trying to find where it had messed up the writing.

Don't want to believe me? I'll send you the original script as it is completed... even before pasting if you want.

