Peeing in Public - The Furniture Store

Author: misslunaswift

*000*2013-12-22 20:00

Inspired by a recent trip to ikea where the ladies toilets were shut for cleaning and there was a huge queue for the one disabled bathroom, I wrote Peeing in Public - The Watersports Store. I had the pleasure of waiting in line for a long time until finally the loo reopened. It set me wondering just what I would have done if I'd had to wait much longer and then I wondered if anyone had ever used the display toilets in there and the rest of the story pretty much wrote itself.

In chapter 1 Rachel is woken up early on her day off and dragged out of the door for a surprise day out. Her partner drives her to the store despite her disgust and leaves her queuing whilst he starts shopping.

Rachel is waiting in line so long she begins to panic, at which point the man behind her suggests she follow him to a place she'll be able to pee. So begins chapter 2...

I looked at the queue once more, then at Edward again.

“All right,” I said, letting him take my hand and again feeling a spark pass through me at his touch. He weaved his way through ever growing crowds of people until we were into the first section of the shop. This area consisted of various layouts of rooms. A living room full of sofas and TVs. After that came dining rooms, tables laid out with cutlery and plastic food on porcelain plates.

“Where are you taking me?”

“Not far now.”

I stopped as I saw Mike arguing with a staff member. I wondered just what the hell I was doing with him at all. Maybe it was time to call it a day. This mysterious stranger had set my heart racing faster in the short time I’d known him than Mike ever had. I would have followed him anywhere but I hoped we’d get there quickly wherever it was.

“Here we are.”

He stopped dead and I looked round me.

“What?” I asked, standing in one of the mocked up bathrooms as a couple examined the shower curtain dangling down next to me.

“My lady desired a toilet. Take your pick.”

I couldn’t believe it. “This is your idea?”

“What’s the problem. They’re toilets aren’t they?”

“Yes but with no pipes, no privacy. It’ll just sit there. I can’t.”

“I thought you were desperate.”

In my stressed state it felt like he was testing me, seeing what I’d do. I was finding it impossible to keep still, having to almost jog on the spot as my knees banged into each other again and again. Another squirt of pee trickled out of me and my bladder was in excruciating pain. I felt like I might explode at any moment. This sensation wasn’t helped by the sight of all these toilets around me, including one that was encased in glass, flushing over and over again with a sign over it declaring “Good for 100,000 uses.”

I thought for a moment, ignoring the hordes of people bumping into me as I glanced round. I knew I’d never make it back to the loos now, even if they’d finished cleaning them. It was too far and I’d been holding it in for too long. Some of these bathrooms looked very complete, even having walls and doors around them. I moved to the furthest corner I could find, shuffling all the way, my panties now feeling very warm and damp.

“What are you doing?” I heard an unwelcome voice. Mike had spotted me with the man and charged over.

“I’m about to wet myself all thanks to you,” I replied, staring at him and trying but failing to keep still.

“Are you joking?”

“No I am not. I hate you for this Mike.”

He turned and walked away, not looking back.

“I guess that’s that,” I said, stepping round a Chinese family and into a tiny bathroom. Nobody was in this section at the moment and I glanced down at the toilet, wondering if I could do this. I looked at the doorway and noticed it would close but there was no lock. Edward seemed to read my mind as he stepped past me and pointed at the toilet.

“I’ll hold the door shut if you like.”

I wanted nothing more than to be at home but that wasn’t possible. I looked again at the toilet bowl, inviting me to sit on it, so pristine and sparkling in the shop lights. Behind me I heard the talking of countless customers as my bladder gave me a final warning. I ran past Edward and he pulled the door shut, enclosing the two of us in this showroom of cleanliness.

It felt odd putting a seat down that still had a price tag attached. That wasn’t nearly as odd as what I was about to do. I fumbled with my skirt, pulling it up to my waist before realising Edward was looking at me.

“A little privacy?” I asked and he turned to face the wall. I felt a spurt of pee fall out as I grabbed the waistband of my knickers. I had just seconds to spare. Yanking my panties down I perched on the edge of the toilet and tried to let go.

After this long my body seemed determined to fight me as nothing came out. “Come on,” I whispered to myself.

I tried to stare at the far wall to relax but then there was a knock on the bathroom door. “Could you come out here a moment?” a voice said.

“In a minute,” Edward replied. “We’re just measuring up in here.” He turned to me and his face seemed to flush slightly at the sight of my soaked panties round my ankles. “Hurry up.”

“I’m trying,” I replied. “It won’t come out.”

He held his foot against the door and reached across to me, just able to reach the toilet whilst keeping the door tightly shut.

“What are you doing?” I asked but he ignored me, lifting my skirt with his hand and pressing his fingers into my stomach below my belly button. That seemed to flick a switch in my brain even as I tried pathetically to push his hand away. A river of piss sprayed out of me, soaking my legs, his arm, the toilet seat. I angled my hips forward and the flow began to run down into the toilet bowl, loudly filling it as the sound of hissing filled the air. The pee felt burning hot on my labia and my legs and to my shock Edward brushed it from my skin with his hand, his finger tips catching the flow as it ran into the bowl.

It seemed to go on forever and I had to resist sighing happily even as there was another knock on the door.

“Nearly done,” I called as Edward moved his arm down my leg, stroking with a single finger. He seemed to forget he was holding the door and it flew open. I gasped at the sight of an angry member of staff standing in the doorway looking at me perched on the toilet.

“What the hell do you think you’re doing?”

“Using the facilities,” Edward said, trying to block me from her view.

“Come with me,” she replied, grabbing my arm and pulling me to my feet. I hadn’t finished peeing but managed to squeeze my muscles enough to stop the flow for now. My knickers fell from my ankles as she dragged me through the shop, forcing her way through a crowd of people and pushing open a door marked “Staff only.”

She marched me along a corridor and into a small office. “Wait here,” she said, turning and leaving as Edward stepped past her to join me inside. She slammed the door shut and I heard a click.

“She’s locked it,” Edward said, rattling the handle.

“But I haven’t finished going,” I said, nervously wriggling on the spot again. “Do you think she’ll be long?”

“Can you wait?”

“No but I don’t want to wet myself. What are you doing?”

Edward was glancing round the office. “Looking for a bin. Something for you to go in.”

“I’m going to pee myself,” I whispered, feeling another trickle fall from me and run down my bare leg. It stained the carpet at my feet and Edward looked at me, his face bright red.

“I have another idea,” he said.

Hope you all liked it! The full story can be found here

, including the rest of Rachel's wet shopping trip. Merry Christmas to everyone!

Luna

*002*2014-01-01 15:44

{{: 

Have to say, that was impressive. I'll have to consider checking out the full story.

}}

Thanks. Am glad you enjoyed reading it!

