I almost had an accident, but I made it to the hot tub

Author: Quackduck

*000*2022-05-11 23:36

I was invited to a party at a cabin, and stayed hydrated throughout the entire night of heavy drinking, breaking the seal only once when I pissed my bikini in the hot tub. I was really desperate to go by that point, and not too long after we all went to sleep. Nobody knew. I had a dream that my bladder was so full it exploded. When I woke up, it really felt like it was going to. I had to pee like crazy. I usually lay in bed for a while when I wake up, but that morning I just couldn't. My bladder was really, really full. I sat up and held myself, scooting into my hand. I could feel my tummy distending, expanding to hold all of the hot urine I was retaining. My tight pajama shorts restricted it around the middle.

I ran to the bathroom and stopped in the doorway, seeing one friend throwing up in the toilet, one comforting her, and one brushing her teeth in the mirror. "Mornin'!" the last one greeted.

"Mornin'," I couldn't keep from holding myself and squirming. I was literally trembling from how badly I needed to pee. The more I woke up, the more aware I was of just how severe my need to pass liquid waste was. I was sure I didn't have much time. "Is this the only bathroom?" I asked.

Her eyes flicked down to my jiggling legs for a second. "Yeah, unfortunately. I almost pissed myself on the way over here, but I got to use it before she got to it." As if on cue, my friend retched and coughed. "Poor thing," she continued.

I needed somewhere, anywhere, to empty my bladder of all this hot urine. "You think it'd be obvious if I took a dip in the hot tub?" I presented it as a joke, but it really wasn't. I was dying.

My friend laughed. "You'd better not let 'em see you dancing like that before you go in! I don't mind, but I'm not speaking for everyone else..."

"Why don't you just pee in the bathtub?" asked the girl comforting the one bent over the toilet. "Or outside? Plenty of trees."

"I need a lookout," I was stepping around and shaking my hands at my sides, trying not to be overly dramatic. "But the bathtub is a strong contender."

She scooted over so I had room to sit on the wall. I hesitantly walked over, holding myself. I grabbed onto my waistband to pull my shorts down. "Actually, I don't know," I said, pee dancing. "I'm really nervous to go in front of everyone. Plus in the tub like this..." I pressed my thighs together and jolted my butt back, a pang of urgency threatening to force some pee out. I winced, then held my breath and filled my cheeks with air from the discomfort. "Ooh, but I really need to go!" I groaned.

"Just wait for the toilet," the girl sitting on the tub said. "She can't be much longer now."

I waited and waited and waited, shifting positions every couple of seconds, squirming and whimpering. I felt like I was gonna cry. I leaked a little bit into my underwear and strained every muscle in my body trying to keep the rest in. "I can't wait, I have to go!" I said as I ran out of there.

I raced into my room, stuck my hands inside my underwear (I was wearing a bikini bottom under my shorts) and squeezed my bare pussy, jumping around. I picked my bikini top up off the ground and twisted my legs up while I put it on, swaying my hips. I was trying so hard not to pee on myself. As soon as it was on, I held myself inside my shorts again, and a little bit seeped out right into my fingers. I lifted my leg onto the bed and buried my face in the covers, rubbing my heel into my groin. It was starting to genuinely hurt now. I didn't have time to wallow in agony. I had to pee right away or I was going to have an accident.

I rushed out of my room. My bladder was so full that I felt a pang of discomfort with every hurried step I took. At this point, I was really trying to hide it, but I couldn't move without pissing if I didn't hold myself. I got to the hot tub, not bothering to grab a towel.

I pulled my shirt off, jumping around, making the huge amount of liquid in my poor bladder slosh around. As soon as my shorts hit my ankles, my urethra gave out and piss started squirting out me. My hands shot to my crotch, my fingers getting wet as it dribbled down my thighs. I was pissing full force as I frantically threw my leg over, yellow liquid leaking down the hot tub wall. I fell into the hot water, then hurriedly sat up to look casual, urinating hard. A dropped my head back and moaned in relief, finally emptying myself into the basin of bubbling, hot water.

