Resident Evil: The Mansion Accident

Author: OmoCommando

*000*2012-10-04 00:09

Taking place within the events of the first Resident Evil (the remake). Things are altered a little in that Jill ends up encountering Rebecca and neither have had a good pee all day...

Jill stared at it. The exposed brain, the rancid and rotting flesh, and the pool of pungent blood that expanded from underneath it. Despite taking five bullets, it still twitched as if trying as hard as it could to come back to life. It was the sixth one she had seen during the entire fear-filled evening at the Arklay Mansion but she still could not fathom the fact the creatures she had been putting down were zombies. She reached for the fuel canteen in her left front pouch, poured what remained over the body, then took the old lighter she found and ignited it. The putrid flesh turned to ash in an instant, and Jill backed away before it attracted more of the undead.

Jill kept taking steps backward, still in disbelief, when the familiar sound of a starving moan echoed through the hallway. Without thinking, Jill drew her S.T.A.R.S. handgun and pointed the barrel down the hall. Walking toward her already was another zombie. A little overweight, with a rather bushy mustache, but still had the same dead eyes and gaping mouth as its brethren. It raised its arms, poised to grab its prey, mindlessly shambling toward her. Jill couldn’t stop her hands from shaking.

“Get a hold of yourself!” she quietly said. Her aim steadied and she pulled the trigger of her gun. The bullet hit the corpse in the shoulder, but it continued on toward her, unfazed. Jill fired again, this time hitting it in the knee. The zombie stumbled, but regained its balance and came closer. Jill quickly fired three more bullets into the creature until finally the sixth one made it fall to the floor. Relieved that the encounter was over, she finally exhaled and panted heavily.

Rest waits for no woman, however. It wasn’t long at all before she heard yet more moaning down the hall, but this time, it was followed by gunfire. Jill heard four shots fire and then nothing. Two seconds later, a frightened wail sounded. On instinct, Jill sprinted down the hall and kicked the door open. A young woman with short brown hair and a medic uniform was backed against the wall with a zombie just inches away from her. Jill drew her gun again took aim and with one shot, the zombie’s head burst into a flurry of flesh, blood and brains. The body collapsed onto the floor like a wooden beam, and had none of the odd twitching that the other zombies had. “Are you all right?” Jill asked the woman.

“Y-yes... thank you...” she said, still quivering. “M-my gun was empty and... and I didn’t know what to do...”

“You’re fine now.” Jill assured her. “What’s your name?”

“Rebecca Chambers. S.T.A.R.S Bravo team.”

“I’m Jill Valentine, S.T.A.R.S Alpha team. We were sent to find you. Who else is alive?”

Rebecca’s gaze fell to the floor. “Not many. Kenneth Sullivan, Edward Dewey Forest Speyer and... Richard Aiken. All dead.”

“Captain Marini?”

“I don’t know. I haven’t heard from him at all.”

Jill paused. In the few short days they had been here, Bravo team had been almost completely wiped out. After watching Joseph Frost get torn apart by those dogs, she hoped... somehow... Chris, Barry, Captain Wesker... she hoped they were all okay.

“Well you’d better stick with me then. Here.” Jill threw Rebecca and extra magazine for her handgun. Rebecca picked up her gun and loaded the magazine into it, and gave Jill a quick nod.

“I’m ready.”

Jill returned the nod, and the two women carried on prepared to take on the mansion’s undead guardians. They took about five steps when Jill stopped.

“What’s wrong?” Rebecca asked.

“Nothing. Let’s keep moving.” Jill answered. It would be nothing, but in truth, Jill had been needing to pee ever since she stepped foot in this mansion, which was about two hours ago.

The next room was the last one that required that weird key from earlier. Jill discarded it to free up some room for more items she’s likely find along the way. The room was like a bar of some kind. It had a tile floor, black and white, and the place was littered with empty bottles and glasses. Jill also noted the grand piano placed in the center of the room.

“Jill! Over here!” Rebecca shouted. Jill ran over to where she was to see a small table with four handgun magazines, a first-aid spray, and a note:

Jill,

I’ve left a few supplies here for you. I imagine that you’ve been running into the same problems that I have so I thought you might need these. There’s something in this room vital to solving the puzzle that is this mansion but I couldn’t locate it before I was chased out. I’m going to continue looking for a way out. Stay alert.

- Wesker

Jill heaved a sigh of relief. At least the captain was okay. They each took two magazines and Rebecca took the spray.

“The note said that there was something here in this room that was important. Where would it be?” Rebecca asked.

“Huh? What?” Jill was a little focused on the problem that was a filled bladder. the pressure she felt had nearly doubled since she found Chambers. She turned away from Rebecca’s view and tightened her legs a bit. “Yeah there must be something. Keep looking around.”

“Wait, what about the piano?”

Jill looked at the piano and the music score on top of it. “Moonlight Sonata. First Movement.” A rather dark piece but fitting for the situation.

“Can you play it?” Rebecca asked her.

“Maybe...” Jill stood in front of the piano and positioned her fingers. “C sharp minor, huh?” Jill began playing the opening melody of the song. Challenging... with some unusual timing in that melody, but she kept with it until she felt a small bit of fluid warm the crotch of her pants and messed up on one of the chords.

“What was that?” Rebecca chuckled.

“Ah... it’s a difficult key to work with. Yeah...” Jill refocused, and completed the movement from start to finish. Upon the final chord, to the right of her, the wall shifted, then a cloud of dust kicked up. As the brown mist settled, Jill and Rebecca no longer saw a wall, but a nook with an odd statue in it. Inside of the statue was a gold emblem similar to the one Jill found a while back. “I know just where this goes...” Jill said.

Jill placed the emblem above the fire place of the dining room and the clock shifted like the wall had. Inside the clock, was yet another key. “Great. Now I can go lost again.” Jill muttered.

“You’d think a place like this would have some bathrooms in it.” Rebecca mentioned. Jill looked over at the younger woman who was visibly holding herself. “I haven’t gone since this morning so I could really use one about now.”

“Yeah... me too...” Upon close inspection of Rebecca’s pants, Jill could see a small wet spot on her crotch. She wasn’t joking.

“I am really close to peeing myself so do you think we could look around for one?”

“I suppose...” Jill answered trying to hide how desperate she actually was. They exited the dining room, went through the main hall and traveled through the east wing in search of their salvation. The door ahead of them was the one. Jill was fairly certain that was a bathroom. She was just reaching for the knob when she heard glass shatter. The scampering of an animal’s feet traveled the halls. Getting closer. Closer. Jill couldn’t tell if the moisture in her pants was sweat or urine, but it didn’t matter. She drew her gun, and began to retreat down the hall.

Jill was about to head back into the main hall, as a half-rotted dog jumped out at them. Jill got off three shots just as the dog leapt into the air. The first on went straight through the wall, missing the animal completely, but the following shots all connected with the body. The dog’s leap was cut short, and as it tried to rise, Jill popped one more into the creature’s head. She hesitatingly looked down at her pants. The wet areas were in tiny drops all over, and she made another sigh of relief. It was only sweat. Which only served to remind her of how badly she still needed to go. Rebecca, on the other hand, was in worse shape.

“That was too much for me, Jill! I’m sorry, but I almost lost it there!”

“What are you talking-” Jill stopped in mid-sentence as Rebecca pulled her pants and a pair of white panties down to about her knees. She turned, faced the wall and squatted down. Before Jill could protest, she heard the pitter-patter of a stream of fluid spraying the wooden wall. A dark puddle began to form under Rebecca’s crouched form, quickly expanding and hugging the edges of the rug in the center of the hall, and the aroma of fresh urine began to overcome the aroma of rotting dog flesh.

“I’m sorry... I just really didn’t want to pee in my pants.” Rebecca whined.

From Rebecca’s side, Jill could see the pale yellow stream leaving her body. The look of complete relief and relaxation on the young woman’s face which caused Jill to unwittingly release another spurt into her own pants. This one was visible.

Rebecca looked over at Jill’s pants and grinned. “I see you’re having similar problems.” Jill looked down at her pants and put her hands over herself.

After a good minute and a half, the stream from Rebecca’s body died down to a few drops, then nothing. She stood up and pulled her pants back up. She looked down at her boots which were all soaked at the bottom after standing in her own puddle, which Jill could see filled the a good half of the hall. “Well, I’m afraid I have a bit of shame. I gonna use the bathroom.” Jill said.

“Sorry... I just couldn’t wait anymore.”

On the verge of collapse, Jill now held her crotch as she tried to open the door to the bathroom, not caring whether Rebecca saw or not. As the door swung open, there on the floor was a zombie with a few bullet holes inside of him. Chris or Wesker might have already been here. The zombie, however, was an odd red color, and it’s hands had turned into large claws. Jill hadn’t seen that before, but right now she didn’t care. She tried to step over the body when it suddenly hissed and grabbed her ankle. Jill screamed and tried to shake free, but this zombie was much stronger than anything she had encountered so far.

She took on of the small daggers from her belt and jammed it into the neck of the crimson fiend. It let go of her in order to address the problem of a blade inside of its neck, pulled it out and went for her again. Jill caught the creatures arms and was trying to resist, but it was winning, that flesh-hungry mouth drawing ever closer. She shut her eyes, felt her heart pounding inside of her chest, her skin cold as ice as the tiny hairs stood up. Jill was breathing so rapidly, she might pass out before the zombie bit her. Jill then opened her eyes, as she felt a gush of warm liquid begin to fill her panties, then flow down her legs and soak the inside of her pants. Jill could even feel it seeping into her boots.

Oh God... did he get me? Am I bleeding?

Rebecca rushed in and gave the crimson-headed zombie a swift kick to its body, knocking it off balance. She then drew her gun and fired right at it’s head, which exploded into a million bits of flesh.

Jill was still breathing heavily and quickly from the frightening experience. She slowly slid down the wall and sat down in her own puddle, terrified and confused. A zombie that could come back from the dead? Mutate? She couldn’t get the image of its flushed, hungry and angry face from her mind.

“Umm... Jill?”

Jill looked up at Rebecca. “Is it dead?”

“Yeah but... you have a problem.”

Free of her fear, she looked down to see the large puddle she had left on the floor, which clearly was not blood, but her own urine. Jill placed her hand over her eyes. She was pretty sure that her own face was more red than that zombie’s right now.

*002*2012-10-04 01:48

"Oh God... I... I can't believe..." Jill sobbed.

Rebecca moved over and put a hand on Jill's shoulder. "Hey... under the circumstances... I don't think anyone-"

"I'm a member of S.T.A.R.S, dammit! I'm a trained fighter! I was a part of the U.S. Army's Delta Force program. How does something like this happen!?"

Rebecca went silent. Jill took a deep breath and got up. She looked down at herself. Her pants were completely drenched. She could feel pee sloshing around in her boots with each little step. Warm as it may be in this cold mansion, it was not welcome here. Jill sat down on the edge of the counter next to her and pulled her boots off, letting the urine spill out onto the floor. She then proceeded to remove her pants and panties. The zombies seemed to operate on smell, at least to a degree, and urine-soaked clothing was like carrying meat in a wolf's den.

A small, mostly clean cloth hang from a rack above the sink. Jill turned on the water, and it appeared to be clean enough. She wouldn't drink a thing from this place but it was suitable for cleaning. She wet down the cloth and began wiping herself down.

Rebecca turned away from the half-naked woman. "Um... so what do you plan on doing at this point? You going to go around the mansion not wearing any pants?"

"Rebecca... I can't go around with pee-soaked pants, the zombies will come right for us."

Rebecca nodded in agreement.

"Can you get to a bedroom or something and try to find a pair of pants for me, preferably women's?"

Rebecca sighed, "All right. You saved me so I guess its fair. Stay here."

"Take an extra mag if you need it."

###

Rebecca headed back towards the west wing. There were a few bedrooms over in there so it might be a good place to start. She came to the door leading the main hall and looked over at her own urine puddle. Well if I hadn't, I'd be in the same mess as Jill and one of us would still need to go search for clothes! She thought. Seemed like a good way to justify the way she defiled the floor. Putting the whole matter out of her mind, she pressed onward. After she passed through the door, she quietly closed it. She took but one step until she heard the click of a gun's safety going off... right next to her head.

"Don't move." a male voice said.

*004*2012-10-04 04:44

Haha thanks

Been going through REmake so its interesting trying to get all the content right like that Delta Force thing with Jill.

*008*2012-10-05 05:34

The piano is a recurring theme in multiple RE games, among which are Resident Evil 0, the remake of RE 1, RE 5 Lost in Nightmares, and Operation Raccoon City. (though you couldn't play it in that last one)

In the remake, it is actually Rebecca who plays the piano for Chris, but as I said this story is altered. Hence, fan fiction.

*009*2012-10-07 22:12

Rebecca held absolutely still. Of all the possible ways to die in this god-forsaken mansion, a bullet to the head was not one she predicted.

"Turn around slowly."

Rebecca did as she was told. It was a rather large man. With a well trimmed beard, he looked to be in his late thirties. But the red vest was identical to the one Captain Enrico had. There was no doubt. This man was with S.T.A.R.S.

"Are you part of alpha team?" she asked.

"Yes. Who are you."

"I'm Rebecca Chambers of S.T.A.R.S Bravo team."

"Name's Barry Burton." Barry holstered his gun. "Sorry for the unfriendly greeting. What are you doing?"

"You mean aside from trying to escape? I'm trying to locate a bedroom for..." Rebecca paused, not wanting to reveal Jill's rather embarrassing situation. "...for some additional medical supplies. Most of those rooms have first aid kits."

Barry nodded. "Very well. If you head up stairs here, and go through the first door on your right, that hall leads to several bedrooms. You might find what you need there."

"Thank you, Barry. What do you plan to do?"

Barry seemed hesitant. He looked at his feet, then back at the door to the dining room. "I, uh... Captain Wesker has me on special assignment here. We might have uncovered a plot against the victims here."

Rebecca nodded, "Okay. Be careful."

____

Jill shivered. This mansion was freezing, and not having any pants on wasn't helping the situation. She rested her behind on the counter but jumped as soon as her skin made contact with it.

"Yow, that's cold!" she exclaimed. Jill started pacing around the small bathroom, rubbing her hands together despite the fact she wore gloves. "Come on, Rebecca, where are you? You'd better not have died!" The waiting was insufferable. At any moment, an undead creature could try and break through the door; after catching the scent of her fresh urine. Much to Jill's surprise, the sound of slow footsteps could be heard outside. Someone, or something, was close by. Jill ejected the empty magazine of her handgun and slid in a fresh one. She pulled the slide, crouched down, and aimed at the door; poised and ready to attack the creature that intended her harm.

The doorknob began to turn on its own. What!? Since when do the zombies know how to use doors? She wondered. Slowly, the door opened, and the muzzle of a handgun stuck through. The door burst all the way open then and in stepped a short haired male in his mid-twenties, but it someone Jill knew well.

"C-Chris!?"

"Jill!? What the-" Chris stuttered as he looked at Jill's lower body, then quickly covered his eyes.

"Oh!" Jill's hands went straight between her legs, hiding her shame. "Sorry Chris! It's... a long story."

"I think I got it figured out." Chris looked over at the crimson head, the soaked clothes, and the dark puddle, and had surmised what had transpired. "That puddle out in the hall?"

"That... was Rebecca." Jill explained. "She decided she wouldn't make it and used the floor instead."

"Oooookaaayy..." Chris was as red in the face as Jill. He turned around and faced the door way to see a young woman with short brown hair and a green uniform walk in carrying a pair of white pants and some leather boots.

"Oh, hi. Who are..."

"Chris Redfield. You must be Rebecca Chambers. Bravo team?"

"Yes." Rebecca threw the clothes and boots over to Jill. "Here. It's the best I could do."

"Thanks Rebecca." Jill wasted no time in slipping the pants on. She let out a huge sigh as she fastened the button in the front. "Finally. You can look now, Chris."

"I think I'll... just keep watch." Chris said. Jill put on the boots, put her equipment belt back on and she holstered her firearm.

"If you're done, I think I found something that might be of interest. A lab."

"A lab?"

"Yeah. The researchers here were developing something called the 'T-Virus,' which appears to be the cause of the zombies."

"And you want to find out more?" Rebecca asked.

"We would do better if we stuck together." Jill commented.

"Exactly." Chris stated. "Our odds of survival are better in groups. Careful though. It looks like this lab may contain creatures way more fearsome than zombies."

*013*2012-10-09 01:13

I have this going off of the first RE which only included Chris, Jill, Barry, Rebecca, Enrico and Wesker. Everyone else was either dead or a footnote. Or both.

Sorry....

Maybe I'll have it follow up into RE 2 which had Leon, Claire, Sherry, and Ada.

Edit: Aw hell, let's throw HUNK in there as well. I bet RE fans would get a kick out having him wet himself xD

*015*2012-10-10 01:04

"Here. Everyone stop and take a drink." Chris grabbed three cups from the cupboard and handed one to everyone. "This could be the last time we find a clean water supply so let's stock up. Fill your canteens."

"Yes sir." Jill said grinning.

Chris, Jill and Rebecca all went over to the sink and filled their cups, each taking a long drink of water, then respectively filling their canteens. Jill frowned. Chris was right, what if there was no more clean water from here on out? No food? Would it come to that? Would they be stuck there long enough for those issues to truly impact them all? She tried to put it out of her mind. Surviving the zombies took precedence over nutrition.

"Well, I'm ready." Rebecca chirped. "Let's see what we got in this lab."

____

The path split three ways. With the road sign demolished by god-knows-what, nobody knew which way the laboratory actually was. Chris scratched his head, Jill began tapping her foot, while Rebecca let out a very audible sigh.

"So what do we do?" She asked.

"Three ways, three people. I think it's pretty clear." Jill answered.

"Yeah. There really isn't any other choice." Chris agreed. "We'll split up and try to meet at the lab. If there's no lab in sight, head back here, unless you see something important."

Chris took the south road. Jill enviously eyed his shotgun that he carried, knowing no other weapon could be more helpful against groups of zombies, until she saw the weapon Rebecca carried.

"Where'd you get that!?" Jill asked loudly.

"I dropped it here coming from the Umbrella Training Facility before this." She replied.

"A grenade launcher!?"

"Yup. I'll be all right now. I didn't want to use it inside the old mansion, I thought I might destroy the whole place." Rebecca waved and traveled down the west road.

"Guess that leaves east to me..." Jill grumbled. For a brief moment, the landscape was illuminated, but darkened just as quickly. The flash was then followed by the loud crash of thunder. "I really, really want to leave now..." Jill stopped along her path then, as a second path extended to her right. "What the..." It was inexplainable. She simply felt compelled to go down the path. Jill's heart began to race again, and she felt her bladder quiver in memory of the last time she was caught off guard. "Not this time..." she whispered.

The path ended at two graves. One seemed ordinary enough, but the other one had a strange lock on it; one that seemed to match a small icon Jill found earlier on. She inserted it, and a compartment within the tombstone opened, revealing a beautiful silver revolver complete with two boxes of .50 action-express bullets. Jill smiled. For once during this damned mission, she felt as if she was going to live. She strapped her new gun to the left side of her belt and dashed off, determined to find that lab and end this nightmare.

___

The shadows were the most wondrous tool of the puppet master. What better way was there to test the resolve and combat capability of someone, when their morale was at their highest? Leaving the revolver in there for one of them to find was a good call. Jill ran off into the night, blissfully unaware of what awaited her in the darkness.

"Enjoy your heroism while you can ms. Valentine. Your days in S.T.A.R.S are nearing their end."

The mysterious man grinned, taking pride in his machinations, then once again disappeared.

*019*2012-10-21 19:53

Following the path seemed easy enough, just walk down the road and it leads to a laboratory. But Jill couldn't help the sweat that trickled along the side of her face. The constant howls of zombified dogs and the terrible moaning of the flesh hungry monsters, along with one particular wail that sounded almost... female.

"What the hell could that be?"

Jill's pace quickened. Whatever was out there, there was no telling when it might decide to come closer. She hurried down the path, her brand new revolver in hand. Every twig that broke beneath her boots made her move a little faster. Before she knew it, Jill was moving at a brisk jog. She looked back behind her, she was sure that something was following her.

"Ah!"

Jill fell forward as her toes struck a large rock half embedded in the ground. She turned over on her back and aimed her gun at the pursuing creature. But nothing was there. Jill sighed in relief. There had been enough scares for one night and there was no way she was going to repeat what happened with the crimson head.

"On that note..." Jill said to herself. "Might be best if I try and go right now." She unbuckled the belt of her pants and had begun to slip them down.

"Jill!"

Jill quickly pulled her pants right back up and buckled her belt.

"Wha? Who's there?" She asked, looking around quickly. "Barry!?"

"Yeah, it's me." The bearded man responded.

"Wesker said you were dead! How are you still alive?"

"It's complicated, but listen: I need you to head to the laboratory ahead. I think that Captain Enrico of Bravo team might be there and is meeting with Chris for something."

"What?"

"It seems suspicious. Enrico has been ducking everyone of us since we arrived. I think he's hiding something."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes. Don't be afraid to do what you have to do if he's a traitor. I'm going ahead to find out what other monsters are lurking here."

"Wait, Barry!" Jill tried to stop him but the man went ahead. It was odd, he seemed nervous and tense, and didn't bother explaining his sudden coming back to life and not as a zombie. She put it out of her mind and moved onward.

___

It was side entrance to the lab. Nevertheless, these things should not be regarded without a good sense of caution. She readied her weapon and carefully stepped inside. Numerous zombies littered the floor. Some of them had been shot, while others looked like an animal had torn them apart. The metal walls had massive claw marks running along them and large foot prints stained the floor. Jill swallowed hard. Something new was lurking here. Chris was right, the outbreak likely started from here. She stepped over the bodies and bullet casings that covered the ground, trying not to attract to much attention to herself.

The door ahead was ripped open. Jill held herself around the crotch, hoping and praying that something wouldn't pop out and scare her. Her revolver aimed at the door way, hand shaking. Jill slowly stepped through. The room contained large containment tubes that had been shattered from the inside. Scientists, both zombified and not zombified lay lifeless on the room floor. Jill looked at the label on one of the nearby tubes. "MA-121 'Hunter'," it read.

A large, bipedal reptilian monstrosity born of this "T-virus," that several scattered documents that Jill had found. A low growl echoed through the corridors and Jill readied her gun again. The sound of large feet and claws was steadily getting closer. Closer. Yet even more closer. Jill's heart was firing faster than an assault rifle. Her bladder once again quivering with as much fear as she was, ready to release its contents when the time was right. The footsteps were right behind her, then stopped. Jill turned around quick, but nothing was there. Jill began relax her stance a bit, and just as she was lowering her gun, the ceiling collapsed. Jill fell backwards, and a small dark spot formed on the crotch of her pants. She was staring at the hideous face of a Hunter.

Just as soon as she was knocked down, Jill rolled to the side. The Hunter charged, it's claws poised and ready for the kill. Jill rolled to other side, narrowly avoiding the lethal blades on the creatures finger tips. Jill held her breath, closed her left eye, aimed squarely at the creature's head, and fired a slug right into its skull. Red and green blood oozed from the wound. The hunter gargled, gagged, holding the wound, then fell to the ground lifelessly.

Jill got up, still panting from the encounter. She could feel the warm, wet spot right on her panties, and on the white pants she wore, it was pretty noticeable from the outside.

Dammit! She thought.

Knowing that the loud sound of a gunshot would likely attract more attention, Jill crept out of the lab and headed for the main door again. Jill then stopped and looked at one of the shell casings on the ground. It wasn't the same caliber as her own revolver. In fact, the only person she knew was carrying another magnum revolver was... Barry.

*021*2012-10-22 01:50

Savin' up for a big one. Anyone who's finished the first game or played through Umbrella Chronicles should know what the ending sequence is. Well, I'm throwing in a nice bonus.

*023*2012-10-22 21:25

F ck! I knew I'd mess somethin up! Pretend I actually wrote white pants.

