Not Even At Home! Part-2

Author: Rexone312

*000*2012-07-18 16:57

The door opened!

“Jeff! Finally u r home!” saying this Pixie hugged me tight! Her gigantic boobs pushed and squeezed tight against my chest and then she kissed me so passionately! After the kiss came to an end she moved out of my arms and all of a sudden her boobs popped out of her tiny bra! She laughed and winked as she tried to again stuff her boobs into the bra!

But there was no time for such enjoyment! Pixie's sudden hug caused a lot of trouble for my bladder which was denied any relief since the past 27 hours! As I entered her home, only then i cast my glance on Pixie and could not take my eyes off her hourglass figure! She was wearing an extremely tight white top with a plunging neckline and a black lacy bra! And of course there were acres of tight cleavage on display! But my jaws dropped when i looked what she was wearing beneath...It was a jeans, a simple-low waist-blue jeans but i don't know what adjective should i use to describe its tightness! I mean even tightness would shy away looking at the way her jeans clinged to her body from waist down! Killing, skin-digging, air-tight whatever u say was less to describe the fitting of the jeans! From beneath her jeans a black thong and something like the waistband of a latex legging were peeping out! I thought she was trying to impress me by her so tight clothes!

UNCOMFORTABLY SEXY! She looked! I was trying to maintain my decorum as we entered the hall and sat on the couch! I sat immediately and my belt was pushing hard against my bulged bladder but i held my breath and stemmed the outburst! As i watched her she had to take the support of the wall behind and the side rest to sit on the couch! As she finally sat after a long struggle i could see how tightly was her p u s s y pushing against the fabric from inside as if it was a balloon overfilled with water! it was compressed extremely tightly inside with no space to even be free as it would be in a normally skintight jeans! Her legs looked as if the jeans were painted on her!

Pixie had to do a lot of struggle to even slightly cross her legs! And there after her hands flew down to her crotch and she was trying to adjust her jeans but in vain! It was so tight that she could not even grab its fabric! Just then her mother appeared with some drinks! That was the most dreaded part of my day long stay there! (BTW- Pixie’s mother was actually her step mother! Her biological mother had died in an accident and her father had passed away in a military operation. But still Donna, her step mother loved Pixie so much!)

“What’s the point in wearing such tight clothes when at home? Go get something comfortable!”, yelled Donna at Pixie as I slowly took the mug of iced lemon juice. “I’m very comfy Mom! Was never better!” Pixie lovingly answered as she too sipped the juice and gulped it down in one shot! It was a pint and had hit my bladder hard but I was determined to hold it!

Last year when I had been here Pixie made fun of me coz I had to go pee so often and she made fun of me and my weakness! She kept boasting about her bladder and how she would hold it the entire day! This time I was determined to defeat her!

Soon we went to her room upstairs! No sooner did she lock the door her hands flew down to her crotch as she was frantically trying to make some room for her ever compressed p u s s y! I asked her if she was okay and she replied,” These jeans are so damn uncomfortable! So tight!” I asked her to change ‘em but she answered,” Oh Jeff! I don’t want to! These jeans make me feel and look so sexy!” we both giggled at it!

As time passed by we engaged ourselves in some movies and after Lunch time I could see the subtle signs that her body was sending suggesting that her bladder was too full and the jeans and the waistband of the latex leggings inside pushed mercilessly on her bladder! But she did not say anything! It was now 3pm! I had been without any chance to go the toilet since the last 33 hours and I was fighting a battle silently becoz I wanted to satisfy myself that I could defeat Pixie even with a bladder holding a day’s pee!

“Shall I pause the movie? I guess u need to release you&#39;re pent up pee!”, I asked!

“Oh! Don’t worry it’s an everyday issue I can handle it! Besides these jeans are too tight to even consider going to the toilet! I went this last evening at 6!” She answered as she snuggled close cozily in my arms grabbing her crotch! Now it was 6pm and I was shivering with my efforts to hold my flood back and Pixie was no better as we had consumed around 3 bottles of water during the entire afternoon!

I asked her if she would like to go out for a walk! Her eyes twinkled but as soon as she stood up she bent slightly forward! Her eyes were fixed on the bathroom door and she was considering the matter! but I knew she would not accept it to me! So I decided to enter the bathroom as if I had to pee! I soon came out!

She asked surprisingly,” U did not pee?”

“No! Why do u ask?”, I replied

“I thought u had been holding whole day so…”, she answered back.

“Honey! I do need to pee but I can still hold it! I will wait…if u need to go then go!” I fired back!

“Oh no! Not at all!”, she tried to smile as her bladder screamed for relief! I could see her toes curled and she was walking with her body bent forward! And she had drunk too much. My year long bladder training was paying off as I could still walk easily without showing any signs! I felt proud of myself!

An hour later when we were in the garden Pixie seemed to be distracted and her hands were gripped tightly in a fist and she kept them on her thighs and she was trying too hard to keep her hands away from her crotch! Her legs were double crossed tightly! I could see that she would explode at any moment and the fountain behind were making things worse! I soon got a big ice cream cup for her since I knew cold things make it more difficult to hold! I was risking things for myself too but I knew that I could hold it!

Finally Pixie admitted, “Jeff! Let’s go home now!”

“What happened sweetheart?”, I innocently asked ,” We still have to go for the dinner and then movie!”

“Umm! Yes but I…I’m feeling kinda cold”, she tried reasoning

“It’s a hot evening! U r sweating dear!” I tried to pull her predicament. I could see that she was now rocking back and forth and she had tightly gripped her thighs! She was at the edge of the seat!

“No! It’s…. its! Damn! I need to go to the…to the WASHROOM! She answered!

“U got to be kidding me! I have not peed since PAST 38 HOURS and I still don’t feel the need! How do u need to pee? ” I teased her!

“We are not going back! U don’t get any relief. Not until we get home after the movie”

“Please! Try to understand! These jeans are too tight! I had been suppressing my needs since the morning” She pleaded and finally grabbed her crotch. It was for the first time ever in our relationship of 3 years that I saw her so frantic for a pee and admitting It so openly. “I’m a human and I too need to pee sometimes! Though I never admit it….. but inside I scream for a toilet just like other girls do! Please lets go home!” She pleaded again!

“Nope! U hold it till tomorrow! “ I said! And I forced her to stand up! And it was too much for squished and aching bladder and it burst open her flood gates and there I see her jeans growing darker and darker and her torrent lasted for good 2 minutes with full force! I stood there seeing the impossible happening and somehow controlling my own needs! Fortunately it was dark then and no one could see that!

Later that night she admitted to me that she was proud of me because I had finally defeated her bladder and her dream of a big bladdered lover was finally fulfilled! I was getting frantic by the moment to answer the call of nature but I resisted it…heroically for her love…..

