Ouran: Haruhi Part 1

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2011-12-30 10:02

Haruhi’s Problem

Ouran is not Mine. This is a Fanfic only:

Something like the health check had made the host club aware of the very unique challenges that they faced in trying to keep Haruhi’s secret, but it seemed they had been quite prepared for that problem. It was something that was on their minds for a full day, and with the quick thinking and the silly schemes that boys do, they had gotten away with hiding her true identity from the rest of the student body.

There are certain things though that are never easy to hide or are every really thought about in the young teenager’s minds to prepare for, and this leaves us with Haruhi’s first omorashi experience.

It was just after third period, and the students were getting ready to have their teachers change on them once again for the class just before lunch. Of course, during this ten minute break, many of the boys and girls would leave the room for a few moments and come back in refreshed and ready to start the lesson, but Haruhi definitely could not do that during the busiest exchange time, and expect to keep her secret.

Who is Haruhi? That is a very good question. You see, Haruhi is a girl dressed like a boy that attends the private Ouran High school for the wealthiest, and most prestigious students, but here is the shock. She is not from a rich family! She is as poor and common as they come with a father that works and gets his hands dirty, and is a cross-dresser as well. What is more she is in trouble with the host club because she broke a very expensive vase in their club room worth more than 8000 dollars! She has only one option, to keep this charade up that she started with, get a hundred customers in the host club to request her, and then she will be free of the debt.

So, back to the story: Haruhi was watched her classmates walk out of the room knowing all too well where they were going, and with the constant talk by some of her peers returning, it didn’t help her situation, but she stayed planted in her seat. The problem was that with the bathrooms so open house, she was sure her identity would be revealed, and she definitely didn’t want to risk that since her host club friends had worked so hard to keep her in the club, and she was already doing so well with requests.

Haruhi had started to keep a notebook on requests, and she opened it to count again the number of requests that she had received. It wasn’t bad at all. There were already nearly forty customers that were her regulars, and that made her smile. There were only sixty more to go, and then she would be able to call it even.

The mathematics instructor walked in to the classroom, and he passed back some mock exams. It was well-known that Haruhi could only stay in the school if she kept her marks in the first place, so of course, tests made her even more nervous. Each time she took a mock exam or the real thing, her hands would shake just the same. Each time she looked at questions that she was afraid she had forgotten, her legs would start bouncing, and she would start rocking back and forth trying to concentrate on the answer.

It certainly didn’t help her condition that she now also had to use the bathroom, but due to the problem of people finding out about her secret, she had been forced to wait in the classroom despite it. Well, it was only one more hour. She could wait, maybe.

“You will have forty minutes for this mock test,” Mori Sensei informed the students. “If you have been keeping up with your studies, it should be no problem for you.”

Haruhi sighed to herself. “It should be no problem if you studied, and you emptied your bladder,” she whispered to herself. “Why today? They can have a mock test anytime they want, and they chose the moment I have to go to the bathroom. Darn it!”

Question number five: In the given set of numbers, identify the prime numbers, and then multiply them together to get one of the five choices.

Haruhi could feel her stomach starting to send little messages up her spine to her head. It was saying that it was full and asking what she should do about it, but there was nothing to do but wait. Wait, she tried to send the message back to her bladder. Her head was the boss of her body. She could wait. She had to.

The clock ticked slowly as she went on with question five. Part B: Using the answer you just received, form a formula for describing what function of x was.

Haruhi scratched her head. She had remembered this but her bladder was starting to send messages that interrupted her concentration. She wanted to yell at it, urusai, or that is to “Shut up!” but there was no way to do so without being noticed. She held her stomach and continued working hoping that her bouncing left leg, her wiggling bottom and her rocking back and forth was not distracting her classmates.

Haruhi looked around at the other students working on their tests and noted that no one seemed to be moving around quite as much as she was, and even the boys didn’t have their hands anywhere near their pockets, and that made her think twice about grabbing herself. Still, this pressure was becoming quite hard to bear as she moved on to question number eight.

Number eight was really difficult as she read the question for the third time, and her bladder was pressing against her pants wanting some more room to expand into. She didn’t know what to do about her bladder, but as for the question, she circled it to come back to later.

Haruhi hid her face with the hand she was holding her pencil in as she read her next test question. She could feel that some of her classmates might be staring at her, but she didn’t couldn’t help it. If she didn’t keep opening and closing her legs and bouncing them or rubbing her knees together, she knew she’d lose it and pee her school pants making her the laughing stock of the class.

She finally raised her hand after filling in question nine.

“Excuse me, sir, but may I please go to the restroom?”

“Are you finished with the test?”

“Not yet.”

“Well, if you leave it now, I’ll have to grade what you have.”

“I’ll just try to finish the test then.”

“That’s good to hear. We can’t have our scholarship student slipping in status, can we?” He smiled in a way she thought was mocking, but actually he had meant to encourage her.

*001*2011-12-31 10:35

Chapter One Part 2

Haruhi was now sitting at her desk, looking from her test to the clock on the wall, wiggling her legs open and closed, back and forth, and up and down. It felt warm and comforting, and though she didn’t realize that the movements really didn’t help, it made her feel like she was doing something to stop it coming out.

The clock on the wall said they still have another thirty-five minutes until the end of the class, and looking her paper over, she still had another ten questions to go. Haruhi sighed inside, but didn’t dare do so with her whole body as that might let something escape her quivering lips that were just barely staying closed against the painful throbbing pressure of the liquid seeping down the insides of her tubes.

Her bottom was squirming in her seat, and sweat beads were forming upon her brow. She couldn’t sit still, and her classmates were now starting to watch. Still, she tried to continue the test giving it her all.

Tamaki looked across the room at her, and he wondered if it was some weird commoner’s concentration tip for scoring well on the test. Well, if it worked for her, and she was the top student in the school, then why not give it a try?

Tamaki started to butterfly his legs and move them open and closed, up and down, and back and forth. His butt was squirming, and then he looked at the next question. For the moment, at fifteen minutes until the time for the test to be over, only Haruhi and Tamaki were wiggling, and some of the others were watching them.

“Could this be some weird test strategy?” Mori asked himself. He watched Haruhi for a moment and watched her left hand moving tentatively towards her zipper as she wiggled her bottom in her chair. He put a pencil to his mouth, and then decided that it wouldn’t hurt to wiggle a little.

Hunny, seeing Mori moving like Haruhi, scratched his head. Was this some secret code or something? What was going on? Tamaki, Mori, and Haruhi were making these strange movements in their seats! Well, if Mori was doing it….

Haruhi’s lips were getting moist from sweat, and truth be told, she was sure that she was dribbling, but she hoped not.

She looked at question nineteen as her body squirmed and her mind worked with all its effort to send those messages to her pelvic floor and keep her muscles tightly sealed against the impending flood.

Tamaki, Mori, and Hunny were now squirming and holding their hands between their legs and squeezing just like Haruhi was. Around the class, many other students were doing the same technique. It seemed as though it had caught on and the teacher was beside himself wondering how to get the boys to stop such behavior in front of the girls.

No one knew that Haruhi’s panties were now damp not because of the sweat from moving around so much, but from a little squirt that slipped into the crotch of her panties as she finished writing the answer to question 19. There was only one question left, and she could go to the bathroom.

…

*003*2012-01-03 10:07

Yes, I realize that. On both accounts. It's just for the effect. If you have a hard time suspending that point, then I'm sorry, but it seems to be more likely that a wetting would come from a test than anything else that I can think of where the kids are in class. As far as the other being lightly based on this... yeah, I was trying to make my one signature situation, and make certain differences... however, I got the idea from this drama. I really liked the drama... what can I say?

I did change enough of the events and what was happening so it is not Ouran's Host Club though in the other one.

