Chibitalia

Author: Gods Of Death

*000*2014-06-24 04:31

[yo. Are y'all ready for some chibitalia wettings? I am, so I might do more than one story, but the first one is going to be Prussia, cause he's cute. So, I guess you can leave ideas or requests if you even read this. Also, this is not sexual, so if you suggest something sexual, I might hit you, figuratively.

Also, again, just a note. But this is going on the theory that if you wear pants, you're fully potty trained. Most of this is lead up, so sorry.]

"Notice anything different?" Hungary spoke, using the gloating tone that was around too often for Prussia's taste. And for the record, he DID notice something different, he just wasn't going to give her the satisfaction.

Not getting an answer soon enough, she replied for him, "I finally got my pants. And you still are hopelessly without," as if she needed to say that. And just rubbing it in made him question their friend ship a bit.

And that just made him grumpy. The young albino crossed his arms over his chest, "So? You're a girl, you should wear a dress in stead of pants."

He shouldn't have said that, and he knew it. It didn't get him any where, except on the ground, being pinned down by the other nation. "If I'm such a girl, then how come I'm better at everything?"

He scowled, just about to make a come back when she laughed.

Oh, she didn't mean it. She was playing around. Smirking, Prussia pushed on here shoulders and rolled over changing their positions and officially declaring a wrestling war.

Soon, both children were rolling around in the dirt, trying to prove who was the man and who wasn't; just having a good time in general. That is, until Germania came over.

His presence alone caused them to stop roughhousing, ending with Hungary on top "Prussia," he spoke formally to his son, as he always did, "Don't you think it's time for a bathroom break?" The elder nation knee that if he left him to his own devices long enough, he would cut it too close or have an accident all together.

Normally, the albino wouldn't pay any thought to his father's comment but the whole introduction of pants wearing adults being his friend made him blush deeply. It also didn't help with the fact that Hungary was currently sitting atop him, giggling like mad.

He pushed Hungary off and followed his Vati. Admittedly, he needed help to reach the seat, not that he would ever tell Hungary that.

When he got back, his friend still teased him, though it passed quickly, much like the first time. It went like that through the day with Vati making us he didn't wet himself and Hungqry's relentless teasing. By the time she left, he was seriously upset.

"Vati?" Prussia began aas he ate his dinner later that day.

The elder glance at him with a curt nod, signaling him to continue, "When will I get pants like Hungary?"

He asked as a question, though he meant it a request.

"I suppose when you can go to the bathroom on your own and stop wetting the bed." His answer caused the younger one to pout, that was never going to happen.

"That's not fair. Hungary already got hers and she's not even a man! And she makes fun of meeeeee," he whined dramatically, trying to get Germania to give him pants right that moment.

"Then man up and learn to control yourself." e blond man answered simply, not phased by his theatrics.

Prussia slumped in his chair, pouting, until an idea hit him. "Vati! Can we pretend I do that when Hungary comes over? Pleasssssssseeeeee?" again, he drew out the last word as if it made a difference.

Sighing in defeat, Germania agreed, only because he saw it as an opportunity for a lesson.

The next time Hungary was over, he was proudly wearing pants, beaming much like the way she originally beamed.

As he expected she ran over and smirked, "Finally got your pants?"

He smiled, her reaction only puffing up his ego more, "Yeah, the same day you told me about yours."

"Well then we're both officially adults." they continued small talk before that evolved into play.

This time, however, their games and such rent interrupted by reminders for potty breaks.

Soon enough, Prussia was squirming around as they played with stick swords, unaware of the os sure in his bladder. He always tended to forget about his body in times of play. He didn't notice his growing need until it was painfull.

He suddenly stopped their play, "Wait, I need to go potty," in his desperation, he didn't realize he let the p-word slip. No one used the word potty unless you were a baby, hats what they decided a few months back.

He tried rushing off, but his body had other plans. Aftere just a few steps, he began to go. No spurts before hand, just full on wetting. He blushed brightly as his urine cascaded down his legs. There're wasn't even room to think Hungary hadn't noticed, not in his wildest dreams.

Her reaction only made his face flush redder, the blood showing up easily on his pale skin. "Maybe someone should, take your pants away! You look like a baby!" and so the jesters continued,

Mortified, he didn't move from his spot. Instead, he crossed his arms and looks larded down at the puddle he made as angry tears made his way down his red cheeks.

Soon enough, Germania caught on and walked over. Sighing, he took Prussias hand to lead him away. That was when the lecture started.

*002*2014-06-24 20:35

{{: 

Whoa! A very very good story! It was soooo cute :D

}}

Thank you! It's always nice to hear a compliment, especially one as nice as yours.

*004*2014-06-24 23:05

{{: 

Welcome! I'm a fine of Hetalia. Hey, can I make a request?

}}

Of courses, in fact, I would appreciate it seeing as I don't really have much other inspiration.

*006*2014-06-25 03:23

{{: 

Hmmm, you can write Chibi!Romano? Or Chibi!America? They are the only ones that I can think about :)

}}

Sure! I can try my hand. But, I may not have them up right away, maybe later today, maybe in ten weeks. Yeah, sorry about that.

