Elise's accident

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-05-01 01:47

Events take place a year after the game Sonic the Hedgehog for Xbox 360. Silver becomes Elise's body guard who is currently on lock down, due to threat of war.

Elise sat on the side of her bed in her room, her heart pounding. Her faithful body guard Silver was just beyond the doors of her room. She glanced around her large room, with all its things, there wasn't a bathroom and Silver refused to let her leave for anything with the outside world dark from smoke. Tears brimmed in her eyes, she rarely cried, but every time she did, it felt wrong. She bit her quivering lip as her legs bounced up and down. Her legs were covered by tan panty hose, and a white dress fell to her upper thigh as she new what was going to happen. She stood up and began to pace around the room, keeping her posture up.

She occasionally broke her father's rules to shove her hand into her crotch to keep from peeing herself. She sighed as her high heels caused her to occasionally stumble. She grumbled as she yanked off her heels and tossed them aside and continued to pace for a while as her desperation worsened. Suddenly it felt as if she was about to wet herself, she gave up on posture and shoved her hands against her dress as she tried to plug her urethra and started doubling over, crossing her legs and dancing in place. Soon She found herself bending one leg back then the other rapidly to keep from peeing with her hands securely placed in her crotch. She squeezed her thighs together as the explosions outside came closer. She started hopping up and down with futile effort. She felt a spurt, it was short and only dampened her white panties. She froze for a moment, which released another spurt. She gasped out as she began her plight again until she finally, inevitably lost control of her bladder.

Urine burst out of her urethra, hot pee sprayed down her panties hose, as streams fell to the ground between her legs. She gasped again, as the warm urine flowed behind her legs and she bent over, shoving her hands in her crotch as urine continued to flow, soaking the back of her thighs. Tiny streams fell down to her calves and splashed on the floor, in her now cushion sized puddle. She fell to her knees as urine continued to flow out and she found herself in a puddle of hot pee. She began to cry as Silver burst into the room.

"Princess, time to go, Eggman just over took Soleanna. We have to relocate, hide you in Station Square, You will still be Elise... only you won't be Elise, you will just be another teenage girl in high school" Silver said before noticing her puddle. He paused for a moment. "No time to change you, just have to run." He said and suddenly Elise found her self running through the exploding castle with Silver. "We will board a plane at the end of this field, whatever happens, don't stop running." He said and she found herself once again sprinting, nearly bare foot as she saw the plane at the end of the field blocked by robots. Silver sent most of them flying or stunned them and she ducked around them till Elise found two blocking her path before she could board the plane. Elise squeaked softly when both of them got sent flying and Silver took my hand as he led her up the stairs and the plane took off.

"Take these." Silver said handing Elise black skinny jeans a red v-neck shirt, you will no longer dress in your usual clothes." He said and she quickly dressed up.

Most likely will be no next installment hope you enjoyed it.

*004*2012-05-01 02:57

{{:

There was a point where u jump form 3rd person to 1st person but that fucking wetting part was BEAST

}}

Oh gee thanks for the head-up I'll fix that right now and thanks too the both of you for commenting:D

{{:

Very nice. I was gonna write something like this but you beat me to it!

}}

I still say you should, I'd love to read another Elise fic, especially since I won't be continuing this one:)

*006*2012-05-01 03:02

Erm... I dunno, I guess the best time would be while she was on the egg carrier since we don't really know what went on up there;P

{{:

Wow that was fast. I only just posted that. Yeah don't worry, I will. Do you have a specific point in the game

You want me to do?

}}

*008*2012-08-18 03:06

{{:

When they try to stop it with there hands it's all the better. Short inspired stories are good as well and definitely have there place this was enjoyable. Not every idea needs to be expanded on, some are just one shot thoughts. Good work as usual Omo-secret.

}}

Thanks, glad you still like my work:)

*010*2012-08-18 03:53

{{:

I enjoyed this one as well.

}}

Thanks, glad you like it:)

*013*2012-08-20 02:42

{{:

These shorter stories are usually too rushed to even enjoy, but that was impressive the way you managed to squeeze that good quality in. It's just a trade off of back ground story, and that's just fine. Some times people just want to read something real quick.

}}

Thanks, I'm glad you think so:)

