The Wild Tempest - Page 19

Author: OmoCommando

*460*2013-05-12 09:29

Squad Status:

Isabel (you): Wounded

Jenni: Fine

Carly: Wounded

Squad Bladder Status:

Isabel (you): 100%

Jenni: 57%

Carly: 100%

Equipped Weapon: AR5L Assault Rifle (0/32 shots)

___

You think hard, weighing the decision in your mind, but as squad commander, you had an obligation to fulfill. You could not ask Carly to bear the shame of wetting herself if it could be avoided. You decided to let her go first.

“Carly... you first.”

“Captain, I-”

“That’s an order, Lieutenant.” you croak. “Get done fast and I might make it in time.”

Carly nods, and proceeds to remove the lower section of her armor.

You did the same, so you were prepared to sit and go as soon as she finished... but you highly doubted that would happen. The pain was immense, like your bladder was carrying a twenty-kilo lead ball. You would last for about ten more seconds before the pain became too much.

Carly opens the crotch of her suit and sits down upon the toilet, and the small room is quickly filled with the echo of urine spraying forcefully upon the dry metal of the bowl. The look of ecstatic relief washed over Carly’s face, her eyes half closed and a smile opening up as the contents of her bladder spilled out.

The sound, the relief, and the sight of that pale yellow stream coming from between her legs. Your lower body muscles undergo a spasm that felt like a pulse, and then...

“Aiiiighhhhh.....”

You shove your hands into your crotch again in a last effort to stop yourself from peeing, but to no avail.

It began as only a few drops of warmth spilling out, but you feel your muscles succumb to weakness. The drops become a trickle... the trickle becomes a stream... and the stream becomes a jet. A damp wave of warmth spreads across your crotch, then your thighs, heading downward with the flow of gravity.

“Ohhh...” you sigh.

Pee begins to pour out of the thinner sections of your suit. You feel your backside becoming absolutely soaked. What’s worse was that there was nothing you could to stop it. You tried to hold it in, but your muscles were just far too weak. The legs of your suit become completely drenched with your urine.

Carly looks at you in your helpless state, the look of relief replaced by a look of guilt and concern. “Captain... I... I’m sorry... I just...”

You face flushes in embarrassment as your body fluids spill onto the metal floor. “Don’t... don’t apologize. I knew what was going to happen.”

“Why didn’t you go first?” Carly asks. “I... I would have been willing...”

You shake your head. “I couldn’t ask you to do that. I’m your leader.” you laugh. “I wouldn’t use my position to relieve myself at the expense of your dignity.”

“Isabel...” Carly looked positively touched by your willingness to sacrifice your own dignity. With her peeing in the toilet and you wetting your suit, this was indeed a very awkward, yet very personal moment. The two of you look between each others legs as you each peed in your own way, mixed feelings flowing through your mind.

[Relationship +2 with Carly]

“Um... why are you watching me pee?” Carly asks.

“I was going to ask you the same.” You reply.

“Your peeing in your suit is a little more interesting than my peeing in the can.”

You blush. “Oh, shut up!”

[You have wet yourself. Bladder status reset to 0. Combat performance may be hindered]

[Carly has peed. Bladder status reset to 0]

After what felt like hours, that pee stream of yours finally shrinks away into a few droplets. Nearly the entire floor of the tiny bathroom is engulfed with a large puddle of your urine, and the majority of the lower half of your suit was soaked. You had to admit though, that feeling of warmth was at least a little nice.

Carly gets up off the toilet and puts her armor back together while trying to avoid stepping in your puddle.

“That was... kind... of you to let me use the toilet first. I assure you, Isabel, this... incident will stay between us.”

The two of you leave the bathroom, Jenni waiting outside. She looks down at you legs, still dripping with pale yellow fluid.

She grimaces. “Couldn’t make it, Isabel?”

You shake your head. “I just couldn’t hold it long enough.”

Jenni grins. “I bet the two of your could have gone at the same time if you tried to do it standing up.” she giggles and blushes at the thought.

“I... don’t think I’ve ever peed standing up.” Carly comments.

Jenni laughs. “Under the circumstances, Isabel, I think we understand.”

___

You finally arrive at hangar 4, and there’s at least two boarding ships landed on the hangar floor. You look around discreetly from the upper platform upon which you entered, and you see roughly twelve, maybe thirteen individual soldiers.

The violet armor of the empire's finest. It had been a while since you'd seen it first-hand.

“Kauranian troopers.” Jenni says. “We’re going to have our hands full.”

You nod in agreement. Unlike the rebels and drones you had faced before hand, these were professional soldiers. Their aim was much sharper, their armor more durable, and their ability to strategize and think in combat made them far deadlier than anything you faced so far.

“Looks like they all have standard plasma rifles.” Carly notes.

“Indeed.” You respond. “And I doubt that they’d carry any heavy ordinance if they intend to take the ship intact.”

“How do you want to do this, Isabel?” Jenni asks.

“We have two options here.” You say. “We can head across the catwalks and over to the control bay to close the hangar doors.”

“But whoever goes across is going to be spotted instantly and have no cover.” Jenni points out.

“Our second option,” you continue, “is to destroy the force field power regulator on the bottom floor and make the field too unstable for anymore ships to pass through.”

You look around the hangar and try to get a summary of the assets available.

On your current level, you saw a few crates that someone could take position behind and on the far end of the platform was a mounted heavy machine gun.

“Suggestions?” You ask.

“I can take cover behind those crates and hit them with anti-armor or grenades.” Carly suggests.

“I can take control of the gun turret and keep everyone covered.” Jenni adds. “I’m also still hyped up on super serum so I might be able to dash to either area unharmed.”

On the other hand, you could just kill every non-human here and then you’d have

There were many ways to proceed here, but which of these methods would result in the least damage?

Who to put on the turret:

> Isabel

> Jenni

> Carly

> No one

Who to place behind the crates:

> Isabel

> Jenni

> Carly

> No one

Who to send to destroy the regulator OR head for the control bay: (specify which)

> Isabel

> Jenni

> Carly

> Other: _____.

Relationship score update:

Michelle: -1

Jenni: 5

Carly: 5

*463*2013-05-12 17:42

{{: 

Which were our squad's skills? That should help to choose.

}}

Jenni's skills lie primarily as a hacker and technician. (but she is still hyped up on serum at the moment)

Carly's skills revolve around demolitions, be that the creation or disarming of explosives.

Though she is not present at the moment, Michelle is a deadly marksman with any weapon but most proficient with a sniper rifle.

Isabel's skills are well-rounded, having aptitude in each area but specializing in none of them.

*469*2013-05-15 10:05

Squad Status:

Isabel (you): Wounded

Jenni: Fine

Carly: Wounded

Squad Bladder Status:

Isabel (you): 0%

Jenni: 59%

Carly: 0%

Equipped Weapon: AR5L Assault Rifle (0/32 shots)

____

You discard the spent energy cell from your rifle and load in a fresh one.

[-1 AR5L energy cell; 2 remaining]

“All right, Jenni. You’re on the turret. Carly, take position behind those crates. I’m going to head down to destroy the force field regulator. I have one heavy-duty charge left that should suffice.”

Both of your colleagues head to their assigned positions, still remaining unnoticed by the enemy troops. You head to the far end of the balcony and head down the ramp, dumping you off right behind one of the starfighters. You get a rather clear view of each of the soldiers that littered the floor of the hangar.

To your left, you see the towering regulator. Damaging that device would make the force field unstable and prevent any further ships from entering or leaving. It may not be a very orthodox method, but your options were limited at the moment.

You reach into your inventory for your lone heavy-duty charge, ready to place it and bolt.

“All right, ladies.” You say over the radio. “Give me a diversion.”

Not more than three seconds later, you hear the deep-sounding resonance of a heavy machine gun firing down upon the unsuspecting soldiers. Jenni manages to hit about two of them before the rest of the group returns fire.

Cyan bolts of plasma fire shoot upward towards Jenni’s position. With all the soldiers’ attention focused upon her, however, they failed to notice the frag grenade dropped by Carly.

BOOM!

[Carly: -1 frag grenade]

Another two soldiers go down from the blast.

Unlike the rebels, however, the troopers adapt to their situation and seem level-headed about their circumstance. They scatter and take cover in the hangar trying to pick off your teammates, but having the high ground is proving to be a massive advantage to Jenni and Carly.

Jenni hits another enemy trooper, and you make your mad dash toward the regulator. Best to move quickly too, as more boarding ships were on the way. You place the charge on the regulator, and it automatically magnetizes to the device. It would take a bit of time to set the charge though. You hoped your comrades would be able to protect you from up there.

“Ugh...” you groan. Setting explosives was far too time consuming. Carly could set it in instant, but you had to work with what you got. You press in the key sequence, enter the detonation code, throw on the primer switch-

No! Wait! Switch, then sequence, then code. Then you-

Arrghh!!! That’s not it either! You think carefully again; what was the order? Errrrr.....

Key sequence, primer switch, detonation code, then remote signal link. That was it!

A plasma bolt slams into your back.

[You have taken damage]

“Aigh! That burns!!” You yelp. But you push through the pain. The charge was set and ready to detonate. You scramble behind that fighter and take cover under the wing. You pull out the detonator and...

Click!

BOOM!!!

The regulator is wrecked, at the force field goes haywire. Blue-violet sparks surge across the fluorescent screen of light, and the incoming boarding ships quickly reverse course to avoid slamming into the unstable field.

“Objective accomplished, team! Mop up the remaining troopers and let’s move on to hangar 3.”

Nine enemy soldiers still remained, each dug into a position behind some form of cover. A few of the soldiers were directly under the balcony and out of view of Jenni and Carly.

The worst part of it all: Your pee-soaked suit was getting cold. As minor of an issue as it may seem at present, it was dreadfully uncomfortable and irritating. It was even beginning to chafe against... certain parts of you. You try and aim your rifle at a pair of soldiers behind some crates, but your concentration is breaking. This suit was really uncomfortable right now.

Carly fires an anti-armor round into the those soldiers’ position. The blast knocks them back and out of their cover. You waste no time. You aim your rifle at the nearest trooper and fire!

Another one down. Eight out of thirteen remaining.

“That was my last AA grenade!” Carly announces. “Anyone got a spare? I wouldn’t say ‘no’.”

Jenni continuously fires at the various entrenched soldiers while they fire back at her. No one is hitting anything, however. It was probably up to you to remove most of those troopers.

> Try to sneak around and attack.

> Tell Carly to throw a ______ grenade.

> Recall your squad and form up.

> Examine the starfighter you're under.

> Other ___.

*473*2013-05-17 09:02

Squad Status:

Isabel (you): Wounded

Jenni: Fine

Carly: Wounded

Squad Bladder Status:

Isabel (you): 1%

Jenni: 61%

Carly: 1%

Equipped Weapon: AR5L Assault Rifle (22/32 shots)

___

There were far too many enemies to take head on, and though your teammates had the high ground, the enemy troops were dug in far too deep. You had to think on your toes here. You then look above you. You had a big ol’ starfighter above you. Surely there was something you could do with that.

While the enemies were occupied with Jenni, you climb into the fighter cockpit. You quickly look around the controls. Nothing you weren’t already familiar with, as operation of the standard SW-122 attack fighter was part of the commando training program. Close canopy, throttle, comm panel, engine controls, primary guns, missiles, afterburners- wait.

Missiles! The plating in the hangar bays was pretty thick. A single missile wouldn’t cause any irreparable damage, and the fighter was conveniently facing the direction of the enemy troops.

“Carly, toss a plasma grenade where the enemies are thickest. I’m going to launch a missile at the same time.”

“Oooohhhh... all right...” Carly responds.

“You sure that’s safe, Isabel?” Jenni asks.

“These fighter bays are built to withstand a lot of punishment, Jenni.” You say. “One missile isn’t going to cause much damage.”

“Understood.”

Carly tosses one of her plasma grenades into the thick of the enemy’s cover. The crimson cloud engulfs the three poor soldiers, and by the time it clears, there is nothing left but some ash.

You enter the activation sequence and fire a missile at the back wall. Carly quickly dives out of the way.

POW!!!

Every enemy soldier lies either dead or incapacitated on the floor.

“Nicely done, Blue team.” You smile and say. “Let’s press on to hangar three.” You hop out of the fighter and rejoin Jenni and Carly.

______

Squad Bladder Status:

Isabel (you): 16%

Jenni: 92%

Carly: 16%

______

Jenni puts a hand on your shoulder as you walk down the corridor, her other hand pressed tightly between her legs.

“Isabel!” She says discreetly. “I gotta pee!”

You cringe. “Right now?”

The girl nods emphatically.

“Maybe put it off for little longer, Jenni? We might still need your super powers.”

Jenni makes a noise that seemed like a cross between whining and groaning. “All right... but if you make me wet myself, I’m holding you responsible!”

You laugh, but when you thought about it, just how far would you take it? Were you sadistic enough to force poor Jenni to hold her pee to her very limit?

During your moral struggle, you arrive in hangar three to find five boarding ships already landed.

“Oh no...” Jenni gasps. “Don’t tell me we’re too late!”

“I don’t think we have too much to worry about.” Carly responds.

“What do you mean?” You ask.

Carly walks over to the body of a fallen kauranian trooper beside one of the ships. You look around the corner of the ship. Your eyes widen dramatically as you look upon the bodies of nearly half-a-dozen enemy troops.

“Did Michelle’s team do this?” Jenni asks.

“No...” Carly looks closely at one of the corpses. “These troops... they’ve been killed by a sword.”

It was true. There didn’t appear to be any type of heat or energy scoring on the wounds, but as if some sharp object pierced right through the armor.

“Only one person we know could have done this.” You comment.

You still had an objective to complete, though, regardless of how these troops were killed. You had the option of destroying the regulator again, or you could head up to the control bay and close the hangar doors yourself, thereby enabling you to be able to use the hangar later on should the need arise.

Then, of course, there was Jenni and her bladder. That stupid thing filled up fast. Knowing Jenni, she probably would hold it against you if you caused her to pee in her armor. It would probably be best to find her something to pee in soon.

> Destroy the regulator.

> Head for the control bay, shut the hangar doors.

> Search for a bathroom.

> Search for Natsumi.

> Other ___.

