Daniel and Amy - Page 27

Author: Barry

*650*2017-01-14 03:22

Chapter 65:

"Hurry Daniel! I'll grab your bag, you just go!" Sue instructed.

"He won't be going anywhere until I unlock the door," Sonia reminded her. "Don't stress about it. It's only another wet pull up! Come on Danny, I'll open the door for you."

As soon as he stood up, all his undelivered pee surged forward, and suddenly he was really desperate and not just pretending to be. He had to cross his legs and bend over to stop himself from losing control as Sonia fiddled with her keys, and he felt his already wet pull up squishing a bit.

"I've got your bag," Amy announced, "Quick, go use my bathroom!"

As Daniel ran down the hall, Amy told the grownups her plan.

"I'll take Danny his bag so he can get changed in my room while I use the bathroom next. I'm going to need a shower..."

Sonia just sighed. "It's okay honey. You just do what you need to do. Tell Dan he can have a shower as well if he needs one. His mum and I will be outside. Come on Sue. Don't look so worried. It's nothing that hasn't happened before! We should be used to it by now."

"I know Son," her friend replied. "But that bloody kid upsets me sometimes. I know he can't always hold on, but he should've used the bloody toilet at home before we left. That's just not taking responsibility as far as I'm concerned!"

Grabbing the wine and two glasses, Sonia smiled at her best friend.

"Remember darling, the kids haven't seen each other all weekend, and they're excited. He just wanted to hurry up and get here to play with Amy. He forgot, that's all. Don't be to hard on him."

Sue sighed. "Suppose your right. It's not that I get upset that he had an accident, just that he didn't have to have one. He'll be fifteen this year, he shouldn't need reminding about going to the toilet! Not with his condition."

"They're only kids Sue. They make mistakes, and........"

The two mothers were walking outside with their wine, and the conversation faded away with them, as Amy watched the door close and saw them getting comfortable on the patio. As soon as they were settled, she picked up hers and Dans bags, and hurried off to her room. She could hear him shuffling around in the toilet as she walked past.

He came into her room a couple of minutes later, looking a bit red faced, but grinning at her all the same. She smiled back at him.

"You wet yourself on purpose, didn't you, Catholic boy? Just to make me feel better?"

His blush deepened, but his smile widened at the same time.

"Yes babe. You looked so helpless back there when you started to cry, I wanted to help you, but I couldn't, so I just wanted to try and make you feel better. I thought if I wet myself as well, our pairs might not pay attention to you so much."

Amy walked over to him, and wrapped her arms around his neck, pulling him closer, and kissing him passionately. He responded without hesitation, putting his own arms around her, and squeezing her diapered butt as their tongues hungrily explored each other.

"Youre making a habit out of protecting me, aren't ya? You stood up to those bullies at the beach, and now you did this, even though you knew your mum would get mad. I love you so much Danny Jacobs!" She kissed him again.

His face fell a bit. "Yeah. I like looking after you baby, it makes me feel good, but mums gonna be pissed at me. I reckon I've got another lecture in store when we go home later."

"You might be surprised mate. She was pretty mad, but my mums talking to her, and I think she's calmed down a lot now. Besides, they're gonna get on the wine for awhile, and by the time we've had dinner later and you've gone home, she might not even think about it."

"Oh, she'll think about it," Danny assured her. "She just won't make a big deal out of it while we're here."

"Don't worry about it!" Amy advised him. "It's not like you'll get punished again or anything! She'll just tell you off, and you'll promise to try harder. Same thing we both always do. You know how it works."

Dan tried to smile, because he knew what she was saying was true, but he couldn't help worrying just a bit. Amy saw the look of concern on his face, and thought she knew just the way to cheer him up.

Stepping back a step, she reached down and grabbed his shorts by the waistband, and started to pull them down.

"HEY! Watcha doing?" Dan exclaimed with shock. "Our parents are out there you know!"

"Already toldya. They're outside getting their wine on. I told them I needed a shower, and mum said to tell you that you could have one as well if you want. Now I know that we unfortunately can't have one together like we did before, but that doesn't mean we can't have some fun first, 'specially if we're like really quick. Trust me. They're not coming looking for us anytime soon, so we're safe for a little while, and I really wanna see you in your cute little camouflage nappy!"

Dan was instantly over his shock, so he dropped his protective hands away from his shorts, and hitched in a deep breath to calm himself while Amy pulled them down. He grabbed the hem of his t-shirt, and pulled it over his head, leaving him standing in front of Amy wearing nothing other than his soggy, sagging army style Goodnight.

She squealed with delight when she saw it. "Look at you! You're my super cute, super brave little soldier, who looks after me and protects me, and I love you so much. You're such a handsome little soldier!"

Danny started to bend towards her for another kiss, and to tell her again how much he loved her too, but he actually jumped when she yelled at him instead.

"STAND AT ATTENTION SOLDIER! Nobody gave you permission to move or speak! NOW! Head up, back straight! I SAID ATTENTION! NOW!"

Dan had to suppress a laugh. This was just "So Amy." Taking charge of their fun times and being dominant, just like she usually did when they played as Little Dan and Little Amy. She always led the way, and he liked it. Whatever she had in mind, he was up for.

So he did as he was told, as he usually did, and snapped to attention without speaking.

Speaking in a gruff staff Sargents tone of voice, that sounded so out of place emanating from her pretty features, she started issuing instructions.

"Soldier, you have shown great courage and bravery today in the face of overwhelming odds. As a result, you have been nominated for a bravery award. It is the highest bravery award that I can bestow on you, and I need you to be a good little soldier and stand at attention while I give it to you. You must not move or speak! DO YOU UNDERSTAND THIS SOLDIER?" She pressed her nose against his as she barked her orders.

Not knowing how to respond, especially since he had just been instructed not to speak, he decided to go with the first thing that came to mind, something that he'd seen in lots of the war movies he loved watching. He risked her wrath by moving, and snapping a sharp salute.

"SIR YES SIR!" He replied, and they both looked at each other and cracked up laughing. It took a minute for them to regain their composure, then Amy continued.

"ATTENTION SOLDIER! I did not give you permission to laugh. YOU WILL STAND QUIETLY AND NOT MOVE WHILE I PRESENT YOUR AWARD!"

Amy stepped forward, and gently pinched his right nipple with the thumb and forefinger of her left hand. He flinched a bit and grinned, but stayed at attention with his arms straight by his sides, and he remained silent.

"Youre such a good, brave soldier," she whispered. "You deserve this award...."

Her right hand slid into his pull up, and the back of her hand became warm and wet as it pushed against the pee soaked padding in the front. She grabbed his boyhood, which felt small and soft in the palm of her hand at first, but instantly more than tripled in size until it felt like an iron rod in her hand. She gripped it gently but firmly, and stared into his eyes as she massaged its length, cupping his almost hairless scrotum in the palm of her hand.

Dans knees went weak, and he groaned as they buckled, so she softly squeezed his balls and whispered, "I said don't move little soldier!"

She started rubbing his boyhood, just as she had when they'd showered together, and she could feel his pulse through it.

It was simply the best sensation that the young boy had ever experienced, and he didn't want it to ever stop.

But after Amy's stroking intensified, and her face suddenly lowered to his chest, where she took his nipple in her mouth and sucked gently on it, he was suddenly no longer in control. He felt himself twitching inside his wet diaper, but before he could say anything, his legs automatically opened a bit, his hips thrust forward, and he felt his orgasm surging through him, and he unceremoniously deposited his essence into the palm of her hand.

Amy smiled at him, and kissed him on the lips as she withdrew her hand from his soggy pull up. There was a packet of wet wipes beside her bed, and she pulled out a few with her left hand and started wiping her sticky right hand with them.

"At ease soldier, and congratulations. I'm going to have a shower. I'll be back soon."

Amy picked up her diaper bag, and left the room, leaving a very shell-shocked little soldier behind, wondering exactly what had just happened.

War is hell sometimes.

&&

*656*2017-01-25 04:17

{{13 hours ago, alexwbj said:

More pleeeease?

}}

Coming soon mate. Been trying to finish my "Gemma" story as it's getting soooo close now. But D & A keep drawing me back! Got 4 days off starting tomorrow, so will definitely update in the next day or so.

*658*2017-02-07 12:42

Part 4: Dealing with it.

Chapter 1:

Dan walked into school on Monday morning feeling good. He had wet himself during the night, but it was starting to become less of a big deal for him now. He had gone to bed in a bigger, tape on diaper, fully expecting to wet, considering the large amount he'd been drinking with Amy yesterday. The sealer was the small glass of wine each that they had managed to wheedle out of their mothers by the time the second bottle had been opened.

Apart from making a sarcastic comment about making it home in dry pants, Sue, a bit tipsy, hadn't even mentioned his earlier "accident."

He had been heartened to see a lot of messages both private and on Facebook for him when he'd finally gotten his phone back, and had responded to everything, explaining how he'd been without his phone.

Most were just general enquiries about what he was up to, but Scott had been trying to reach him, explaining how he needed to talk to Dan privately. After making his obligatory bathroom stop, Dan sought him out.

"Heyyy! Danny! Good to see you finally got your phone back!" Scott said, giving him a fist bump. "Man, that musta been hard!"

"Yeah," Dan admitted, "It was pretty tough, but mum let me see Amy yesterday, so it all worked out."

"Bet she was glad to see you bro!"

"Yeah, it was nice to finally see her mate. We had fun," he told his friend, without reliving his entire experience. "What did ya want to see me about?"

Scott walked away to a more private spot, and Dan followed. Scott had that natural charisma that just made people want to follow him.

"Its this stupid camp," he explained. "I guess you know your mum called my mum?"

Dan nodded.

"So they both know about our, ah, problems."

Dan just nodded again.

"Well my mum thought it was a great idea with you sharing the cabin with me, Matt, and Ali. So she thought it would be nice for me to invite you over on Friday night. The guys are sleeping over as usual, and I guess she thinks it would be a good idea to see how we deal with our, ah, well, stuff, I guess. I feel a bit weird asking you, not because I don't want you to come or anything, but it's like, well, I know what it's like being a bed wetter and not wanting to do sleepover stuff, and I fully understand if you're not comfortable with it, but I'd like you to come, that's if you wanted to of course. If you don't, I understand."

Dans first reaction was his normal one to such invitations, immediately trying to come up with an excuse not too go. He was about to blurt out any excuse, ranging from a date with Amy, to going out with his folks, to emergency surgery being scheduled, but he stopped himself before he spoke.

Next month, he'd be forced into spending two whole nights with Scott and the guys, and although everybody knew their secrets, Amy was the only person he'd ever slept over with before, and that was only twice. It was different with her, because they loved each other. Guy stuff was different. Guys bonded by teasing and picking on each other, sometimes mercilessly, and although they were mates, he didn't see how his and Scott's problems would go without extreme commentary from their friends. Scotty was used to it. He'd been friends with Ali and Matt since they were little, but Dan was still kind of an outsider. Try as he might, he couldn't get his head around exactly what having a slumber party with 3 other boys would be like. Sure, the before bedtime stuff would be a great laugh, but what about the morning after? How would he change? What if his nappy leaked and got the bed wet? And his pyjamas? Did other boys actually wear pyjamas? Maybe they wore boxers or sweatpants at sleepovers?

The all important male adolescent bonding ritual of sleepovers was still completely foreign to him. But in approximately 3 weeks, he'd be thrust headfirst into it, with 90 other boys, and it was a scary thing to contemplate when you had no idea what to expect.

Scott saw him hesitate, and egged him on.

"C'mon Daniel! You and me should be excited by this! After all, we've got a lot in common. There's nothing that can happen that neither of us hasn't gone through before. Trust me. Matt and Ali have dealt with it since we were little. Even if you wet, they won't bat an eye. Mum and dad are really cool too. Their excited that I've met another kid who understands, that's why mum wants you to come over. She thinks it will be good for us."

Dan still didn't speak, choosing instead to consider the offer before replying. Sensing his indecisiveness, Scott upped the ante.

"The guys came over Saturday night Dan, and I wet the bed as usual. My pull up leaked everywhere, and my pyjamas were all wet in the morning. The guys helped me strip my fucking bed down for Christs sake! Trust me! Nobody is going to make fun of you, I swear."

Dan sighed. He did want to go to one of his friends famous sleepovers. Every week the boys discussed endlessly what they'd done, but it was just so against everything he'd spent years trying to avoid. But soon, he'd be forced into it, like it or not, so a trial run probably wasn't a bad idea. He made his mind up.

"Alright Scotty. I'd like to come. But you gotta remember, I'm pretty new at the whole sleepover bit. It feels kinda weird to me still."

Scott punched him on the arm.

"Attaboy Danny! We'll break you in nice and gentle like! By the time this dumb camp comes around, you'll be a seasoned veteran! You just gotta learn to go with the flow!"

"It's the flow I'm worried about," Dan replied, and both boys laughed.

###

Friday afternoon rolled around, and Dan was half excited, and half regretting his decision. He'd only seen Amy once all week, on Wednesday night, when Sue had taken him around there to "study."

Not many books had been opened, but they had cuddled together on her bed for ages, the plastic sheet crinkling underneath them every time they moved. They hadn't dared to get up to too much mischief though, keeping their clothes on while their mothers drank coffee in the kitchen. Although their clothes stayed on, it didn't stop them from touching each other a lot, a habit that was quickly becoming second nature, and Dan was pleased to discover he was starting to gain a lot more control over his bodies reactions. Amy could now touch him without him blowing his load in his pants all the time.

Mind you, he had to work on it. As they lay on her bed, side by side, with her gently touching the outline of his stiff penis through his jeans, he was silently thankful he'd had the foresight to masturbate before coming over. That was something else he was getting better at too.

"I think it's a great idea!" Amy had told him, as she tickled his boyhood through the denim, enjoying seeing it twitch sometimes. "It makes a lotta sense you know. It will help you to find out just how your mates really will react if you wet yourself!"

"WHEN I wet myself you mean," he corrected her. "Even if I can make it through like two and a half days of running around doing stupid activities, I'll wet the bed at least once, guaranteed!"

"That's why I think it's such a good idea, Doofus!" Amy laughed. "It's no good pretending it's not likely to happen. You're gonna have to deal with it. That's why your mum is so keen for you to go. You know that."

She felt him stiffen, and not just his penis. This was dangerous ground she was treading, and she knew it. They didn't disagree on much, but this camp issue was one of them.

Sue wanted Daniel to go. She figured (probably correctly) that a lot of his accidents were avoidable, and if not caused exactly by laziness, were caused by inattention and poor management. Amy understood a bit better, that although Sue was partly right, an enjoyment for holding on, and wetting as well, especially when she was around, also didn't help.

She understood quite well how a person could hate being incontinent, hate needing to wear diapers, hate wetting the bed, but also occasionally get a kick out of being naughty.

Dan thought his mother was just being unbearably unfair, and Amy was being hypocritical for kind of agreeing with her, since Amy didn't do camps herself.

They didn't exactly argue about it, but danced around the topic on tiptoes.

"Lets just not talk about it," he'd replied. "I'm gonna go to Scotts on Friday night and see how it goes. If anything bad happens, I just won't go to camp. And I won't be going to school with the bigger kids either. I'll run away or something."

Amy had reached over and kissed him then, banishing all further thoughts from his head. Soon, he was rubbing her breasts through her jumper, and the topic had been closed to further discussion.

###

But now it was 6pm Friday evening. Sue had pulled up in Scotts driveway, and was walking him to the door, keen to meet his mother, with whom she had only spoken to on the phone.

Dan was carrying his backpack, loaded with extra clothes and diapers. His friends were waiting for him inside, and he was having second, even third thoughts about this.

He really wished he had said no to this, and just gone out with Amy instead. He had plans to see her on Sunday, but he wanted to be with her now.

He was about to tell his mother that he'd changed his mind, and he wanted to leave, but it was too late.

Sue had rang the doorbell.

*662*2017-02-09 11:30

{{18 hours ago, Lunx said:

I thought you were only doing three parts Barry. You amaze me with each chapter. I don't think I could ever stop reading what you write Barry.

}}

Thanks Lunx.

Decided on part four being separate. Hoping to cover how Dan comes to terms with things. Thought it would make more sense as a new part.

Apologies for the delays. I've been doing a bit of private role playing lately, and it's eating into my spare time. Never role played before, and finding it highly addictive!

But rest assured, I'm not finished with these two yet. I still really enjoy writing it.

Gotta finish "Gemma" soon. That ones so bloody close to finishing it's not funny! Just need more time!

Anyway, thanks for sticking with it. As always, your support and kind words are appreciated!

*663*2017-02-09 13:19

Chapter 2:

Thunderous footsteps, not unlike a herd of thundering elephants approached the door, preceded by lots of laughter and giggling. The door was flung open, and Scott, with Matt and Ali, were grinning at him. They had been about to shower him with good natured abuse, but the sight of Sue standing there stopped them, and they issued sheepish grins instead.

Remembering his manners, Scott politely invited the guests inside, and introduced Sue to his mother, Mary, who had appeared behind the teenage boys.

Mary steered Sue into the kitchen, where coffee was brewing, and the boys almost dragged Danny away. Scott's house was built on a sloping block, and it was basically a large, one story dwelling, although a set of stairs led down into the side where the block dropped off, and into a huge family room underneath.

There was basically one large main room, complete with a (dry) bar, a pool table, big screen TV, big L shaped sofa, dart board, and even a pinball machine. A single door led off to one side.

"Toilet and laundry," Scott pointed out with a wave of his hand.

Spread around the room, in various positions, were 4 inflatable air beds. 3 already had sleeping bags on them, and Scott directed Dan to deposit his sleeping bag and backpack on the fourth one, which was off to the side a bit. Dan was relieved. He'd pictured the guys all kind of sleeping together in a big group, with the beds pushed up side by side, and he was pleased to see that they were spread out around the large room, giving everyone a bit of privacy. After all, when you're not used to sharing a room or having sleepovers, and you wet the bed, some privacy is wanted.

His friends were obviously excited. They all talked at once, and their excitement was contagious. Despite his reservations, it had the hallmarks of being a good night he thought. So long as nothing embarrassing happened that is.

Upstairs in the kitchen, Mary and Sue were getting to know each other. They had talked on the phone a couple of times, but this was their first face to face meeting. They appeared to hit it off pretty quickly, as they seemed to have a lot in common, especially regarding their sons, who also had a lot in common with each other.

"Thanks so much for coming Sue. It's lovely to meet you at last," Mary said.

"Likewise," Sue replied. "Thank you for inviting my boy over! He's very excited. It looks like him and Scott have hit it off."

"Scotts been very excited too." Mary told her. "He likes Dan, and ever since he found out they they shared their particular situation with each other, he's been very keen to get to know him better. It's hard for boys like Scott to find anyone with problems like his to talk too. He's lucky I guess, he's been friends with Mathew and Ali since they were all little, and they're lovely young boys, very understanding, but he's never met another boy his own age he can relate to. I really hope they can be friends."

"I know exactly what you mean," Sue said. "My Danny's always been a bit of a loner."

She lowered her voice and looked around, making sure the boys weren't within earshot.

"Look Mary, I don't know how much your boys told you about Dan, but you do realise that his, uh, problem isn't just with wetting the bed? You know he actually has some incontinence issues as well?"

Mary paused, coffee cup halfway to her mouth. "No Sue, I didn't know that! Scott told me he had found out his new friend didn't want to go to camp because he wet the bed. I didn't know it went any further than that! Can I ask how bad it is? What causes it?"

Sue explained about Dans little bladder, and how it affected him. She kept watching Mary for a reaction. If she saw any negative reaction from the lady, she would simply leave, and take Dan with her. She was heartened by what Mary said.

"Oh no! The poor little bugger! That's got to be terrible for a kid his age. Trust me, I know all about insecure teenagers! Scott's my youngest, and he's got two older brothers, so I've done the hormonal teenager bit before. Although Scottys a bit different. His brothers never wet the bed, and it really shakes him up sometimes. He idolises his big brothers, and he hates it when they see him wearing a pull up or getting upset. He's such a tough, confident boy during the day, but his little problem really gets to him. I can only imagine what it would do to him if he had daytime accidents as well! How does Danny cope?"

"He's been a lot better since he found himself a little girlfriend," Sue explained. "She's the daughter of a friend of mine, and she kind of shares his problem. The change in Dan has been incredible! Young love and all that..."

"My Scotts just started seeing a girl for the first time!" Mary said proudly. "She's a sweet little thing. Nikkis her name."

Sue laughed. "I know Nikki! She's friends with Amy, Dans little girlfriend. She is a sweet little thing, isn't she?"

Mary laughed. "My God! They all know each other, don't they?"

Sue joined in, and they shared stories about their kids. She was pleased to note that Mary was quite comfortable with Dan not only being a bed wetter, but also incontinent. Mary agreed to keep an eye on him, and help him in any way she could. She understood just how difficult it must be for him to spend time away from the comfort zone of his own house, and for that, Sue was extremely grateful. She felt herself relaxing.

A few minutes later, the sound of feet pounding up a staircase at a hundred miles an hour came to them. Four barefoot teenage boys, all laughing madly, appeared at the top of the stairs.

"We're going out to play cricket mum!" Scott yelled, as they hurried past the door.

"Danny, come here please," Sue called out, and Dan groaned dramatically as his passage was halted at the door. He trudged over as his 3 mates ran outside to set up the pitch.

"I'm going shortly mate," she informed him, and in spite of what he'd been telling himself, he suddenly felt a bit scared and homesick.

"This is Mary, Scotts mum. You haven't even said hello yet!"

"Hello Mary, I'm Daniel," he said bashfully, offering his outstretched hand, looking down, feeling a bit embarrassed about his lack of manners all of a sudden. "Thank you for letting my stay over."

"It's my pleasure Daniel. Can I call you Danny?" He nodded. "Any of Scottys friends are always welcome! You just let me know if you need anything, okay?"

Dan nodded again, feeling a bit confused.

"Dan," his mother explained, "Mary knows about your problem, okay? Don't be afraid to tell her if you need anything, understand?"

"MUUMMM! You didn't, did you?" Dan exclaimed. "You didn't tell her about, well, you know!"

He blurted it out without thinking, and instantly regretted it. He braced himself for a stern rebuke.

What happened next surprised him.

His mothers voice actually softened, and she sounded sympathetic. "Danny. Honey. I had to tell Mary. You're a guest in her house, and she's looking after you for me. Your friends already know, and I'm sorry, but Mary does as well now. You understand that, don't you?"

Deep down, he understood. He really did. Mary had to know he was wearing diapers, because he would probably need to throw one away at some point. Besides, she already knew he was a bed wetter, that's exactly why he was there in the first place, as a trial run before the camp. His friends knew, so Mary shouldn't be any more of a big deal than that.

Yep. She was right. He understood.

But it didn't stop him from hating his mother.

Just a bit, just for a few moments, just a touch.

He swallowed hard, finally accepting his mothers explanation without argument. After all, it was right.

"Yes mum. It's cool I guess." He turned to Mary, "I'll be careful, I promise."

"Don't worry Danny." Mary said with a gentle smile. "Accidents happen. You're a big boy mate! I'm sure you can deal with it without my help. But I'm here if you need it, alright? I don't expect you to change the sheets or anything, and you won't get into trouble. Just come talk to me if you need too, okay?"

He smiled back, feeling relieved. "Thanks Mary. I will if I haveta, promise." Turning to Sue, he politely asked, "Can I go play now mum? Please?"

She smiled and performed a 'shooing' motion with her hand, dramatically dismissing him, before she stopped him. She kissed him on the cheek, then pulled his shorts up and his shirt down, as the waistband of his camouflage pull up was sticking out the back of his red shorts.

He winced with embarrassment. She had just humiliated him again.

He forced himself to smile, and reciprocate her goodbyes, then he padded outside to join his friends. But he could feel the flush in his cheeks, and he had to concentrate to unclench his jaw.

His bloody mother.....

*665*2017-02-14 14:34

Chapter 3:

The game of cricket went well. Dan had been a fairly good cricketer in primary school, even in his first year of high school at his original school, he'd made the under 13s team. But after his incontinence problem had flared up, he had quickly abandoned it altogether, becoming terrified at the prospect of publicly wetting himself while wearing white pants in the middle of a game. Backyard cricket was a breeze in comparison. They didn't even use a real, hard cricket ball, just a tennis ball with electrical tape plastered all over one side to make it "swing" as it was bowled. Of course this also meant that helmets, pads, and even shoes weren't required, and broken windows were less likely, so they happily played barefoot on their makeshift pitch on the back lawn.

Dans potential for having an accident was never far from his mind. Even though he was wearing a Goodnite, he really didn't want to have an accident around his friends. He was quite relieved when Scott hit the ball over the fence, scoring six runs but getting himself out in the process, as is the age old rule of backyard cricket, and Matt disappeared behind a bush, and peed.

"If you need to pee mate, just go behind there," he explained, as he walked back, zipping up his shorts, before jumping the fence to help Scott look for the ball in the vacant lot next door.

Dan immediately took the opportunity to duck behind the bushes himself, pulling his shorts and Goodnite down far enough to free his penis, and he breathed a sigh of relief as his pee stream added to the one Matt had left on the fence. Dan looked over his shoulder, making sure he wasn't being observed, and quickly ran his hand through the padding in his kiddie pull up, breathing another sigh when he confirmed by touch that it was still perfectly dry. He tucked himself away, and discretely adjusted his leg guards, and made sure that his diaper was fully covered by his shorts. He had deliberately worn his baggy black shorts today. He wasn't actually too concerned about his diaper being noticeable, as his friends knew he wore them, but his black shorts would hide any leaks better than his lighter coloured ones could ever hope too.

He proved to be the best bowler amongst them, getting them all out at least once, even Scott, who was a naturally talented young sportsman. By the time they were called in for dinner, the other boys were full of praise at the way he played. Slowly but surely, he was beginning to feel acceptance from his peers, even though he was wearing a diaper. It felt nice.

Dinner was quick, simple and plentiful, which is perfect for hungry teenage boys. Sausages, hamburgers, salad and fries greeted them when they came in, along with two bottles of soft drink, 1 each of Coke and Fanta. Thirsty from running around, the four boys each poured a generous glass for themselves. Dans internal warning lights started blinking. He knew all too well what drinking too much soda at dinner time could lead to, but he was very hot and thirsty, so he allowed himself an extra half glass after his first, then declined all further offers of a top up.

He noticed how Scott did the same, and how nobody pestered either of them to drink more. Matt and Ali had no such qualms, and scoffed three glasses apiece, but when Scott got up from the table with his empty glass, and asked Dan if he'd like a glass of water instead while he got himself one, Dan happily accepted, relaxing in the knowledge that Scott understood his fear of drinking too much before bed.

After dinner the boys washed up. Nothing got broken, although there were a few close calls, and apart from spilling a lot of water on the tiled floor which was wiped up with a towel, everything was completed without drama. The whole time they cleaned, they laughed and joked with each other, telling more and more outrageous stories, and basically picking on each other as much as possible, but in the good natured way that only guys can fully comprehend.

Finding themselves downstairs again, without adult supervision, their conversations became louder, openly peppered with coarse language, the insults getting cruder, and the topics changing to more exotic things, like motorcycles, and girls. Scott and Dan wore the brunt of most of this, as they were the only ones to actually have girlfriends, so they took the abuse with good humour, never hesitating to remind the other two that they only had their hands for company.

Dan felt a touch uncomfortable talking like this. He'd never told the guys anything about the shenanigans he sometimes got up to with Amy, apart from kissing her of course, and he never would. Of course a small part of him, deep down, would love to brag about how she had given him hand jobs, and how he had returned the favour. He would love to tell them that he hadn't only seen her bare breasts, but had touched and tasted them, and how they had showered together, but he wouldn't.

Amy was his, and he was hers, and what they had was the most precious thing in the world. It only took the mental image of how her face would no doubt fall, and how the tears would look running down her perfect cheekbones, if she was ever to find out he'd been sharing their most intimate details, to help him to decide never to say anything. He kind of missed her already.

The boys decided to play pool. Dan and Ali, who until recently had been his only friend at school, teamed up, and the game began.

Dan was nervous about going to the toilet. He was determined to go whenever the urge struck him, but was kind of aware that the other boys were probably waiting for him to go, and would no doubt be wondering to themselves when he did if he'd made it, or wet himself. He didn't really need to go, at least not badly, but the more he thought about it, the worse it got. He kept casting nervous glances towards the door to the toilet/bathroom combo, but every time he almost summoned up the nerve to go, he found himself chickening out.

Ali had a shot, missed, cursed vehemently, handed his cue to Dan, and muttered something about "Going to take a fuggin piss," and disappeared into the bathroom. Matt announced he'd left his phone upstairs in the kitchen, and was going to get it, and he ran up the stairs, leaving Scott and Danny alone. Scott stepped closer and lowered his voice, although there wasn't much chance of being overheard with the volume of Metallica that was blaring from the stereo.

"Toilets right in there if you need it man," he said.

"Yeah. You told me earlier Scott. Thanks."

Scott didn't blush, but did lower his eyes, looking away. "Sorry dude. Ya just sorta seemed to be staring at the door just now. Thought you might need to go, that's all. I wasn't trying to be clever with you or nothing."

Dan smiled at his friend, showing him there were no hard feelings. "It's alright mate. I get it. Thanks."

"In the bathroom Dan, under the sink, is a flip top metal rubbish bin, and some plastic bags. It's what I use when I, uh, you know, get changed in the morning. If you gotta, ya know, like get changed or like throw some shit out or something, you can, I don't know, like use the bin in there, and the other guys won't know, ya know?" Scott was blushing now.

Dan punched him firmly on the arm, but grinned at him, as his unaccustomed shyness was painfully obvious, and he really was genuinely trying to help. Dan appreciated it, as well as the fact that Scott had waited until they were alone before he said anything.

"Thanks Doofus. Good to know, but I haven't wet myself yet, in case you're wondering."

Scott looked up, alarmed and ashamed at what Dan must think he meant. "Shit! No mate, that's not what I ......" his voice trailing off when he saw Dans grin. He punched him back, just as hard. "You're a prick, Jacobs," he said with a smile, realising that Dan was toying with him a bit, making him uncomfortable. They burst out laughing together.

Dan faced his friend. "Seriously mate, thanks. It's good to know." They didn't speak of it again.

Soon the toilet flushed, and Ali came out, wiping his hands on his shirt.

"Geez Ali! Hoped you just washed them and didn't piss on them!" Scott said with a chuckle, which resulted in a brown middle finger being raised in his general direction. Dan decided it might be a good time to go to the toilet, so he did, hearing Matt thumping down the stairs as he made his water.

After washing his hands, and drying them on the provided towel instead of his shirt, he snuck a quick look under the sink, confirming the legend of the hidden diaper bin was not only a myth or urban legend. Satisfied he rejoined his friends. It was his shot in pool, so he took up the cue and approached the table, somewhat awkwardly as well, as he'd never played pool before tonight, and so far, he really sucked at it.

He was saved from future embarrassment about his lack of pool playing ability when his phone suddenly rang. He picked it up off the bar where he'd left it, and his face broke out in a big grin. Suddenly he looked more like an excited 11 year old that a boy who was approaching 15 rapidly.

"It's Amy!" "He hit the green button. "Hey Ames," he said happily.

Matt and Ali immediately fell to his feet, grasping dramatically at his legs, as if clawing at him for attention. Meanwhile, Scott had apparently found an invisible violin, which he was playing with great gusto, pausing only occasionally to apparently sprinkle invisible rose petals or the like in his general direction, or perhaps cling fiercely to his heart.

"Piss off guys!" Dan said laughing, before returning his attention to his girlfriend. "Whatcha doing babe," he asked, excited to be talking to her, leaving his friends rolling on the floor, laughing uproariously.

"Sounds like you're having fun, Catholic boy! I'm glad! I know you were kinda worried about it."

"Yeah babe. I'm getting my arse kicked at pool though. I'm pretty sucky at it."

"So long as you're having fun baby," she replied, "Hey, put me on speaker, would you? I wanna say high to everyone."

"Sure sweetie, hang on," he fumbled with his phone for a second, then put it down on the green felt. "Go," he said.

"Hi guys!" Amy chirped gaily. "How are ya's?"

The three boys echoed each other by saying "hi," and "good."

"Hey Scotty?"

"Yeah Ames?"

"I've got someone here who wants to say high to you........."

Confused, Scott could only say "Yeah?"

Another young female voice sprang forth from the phone. "Hi Scotty!"

"NIKKI?" Scott said, well nearly squealed actually, as his voice raised a few octaves with excitement.

"Hey baby! I love you!" Nikki said, causing Dan and Matt to fall at Scotts feet, clamouring for his affection while Ali picked up the violin.

Scott did his best to ignore them. "What're you doing with Amy, babe? Thought you were staying home?"

Amy piped in. "Why should you boys have all the fun? Girls can as well! Me and my bestie here, we're having our own sleepover!"

*670*2017-02-16 13:35

Chapter 4:

Boys and girls are known for their propensity to bullshit with each other, and that's exactly what happened. Basically, both sides teased the other, and extremely over exaggerated the amount of fun being had at their respective slumber parties. All in all it was a fun conversation, and it killed twenty minutes. In the end, Scott and Dan made arrangements to meet their girlfriends later, although not as a foursome, and the boys got back to pool. The boy's statuses as legendary was assured, as not many grade 8 boys at a boys only school actually had girlfriends, and Matt and Ali listened in awe as their friends made plans to meet their pretty girlfriends later. It was something that they could only dream of.

The game of pool continued, and as Ali leaned in to take a shot, he briefly raised an eye to Daniel.

"So mate, you can tell me to fuck off, but I've gotta ask you, what's it like?"

Dan was confused. The question had come out of the blue, with no lead up behind it. At first, Dan thought his friend was still talking about the girls.

"What? Amy? It's great mate! She's like the most totally awesome chick ever!"

"No mate, not Amy," Ali explained. "Your problem. What's it all about? How the fuck do you like deal with it? What's it mean?"

Scott and Matt groaned in unison. "Jesus Ali! / Fuck dude! / Watcha talking about? / Christ!"

Ali straightened up and looked at them challengingly. "What? A guy can't ask his mate about something important? I'm not being mean or anything, but I'm curious. I wanna know how my mate deals with shit like this!"

Scott looked mad. "Fuck me, Ali. We agreed not to talk about this shit! 'Member?"

Dan piped up. "What? You guys already talked about me before I got here? Watcha agree on? Don't talk to the retard about his problem? Don't ask him why he wears diapers? Don't upset him 'cause he's a big fucking baby?"

His voice was calm, and it appeared to have been said in jest, but the other three kids had no problem with picking up the hard edge to his words. Somehow, Dan suddenly appeared a bit more grownup than he did before he spoke. There was something akin to a warning tone in his voice, and his friends picked up on it.

Matt spoke first. "No Danny! Nothing like that! We was just...." He was interrupted by Scott leaning forward, and gently but firmly slapping him around the back of his head.

"Zip it Matty," Scott said to the boy who had clutched at his head with a hiss of breath once it had been slapped. "Dans out mate. He deserves the truth, not bullshit." He turned his attention to Daniel, who wasn't exactly glaring at him, but the smile at the corners of his mouth didn't reflect in his brown eyes. He slightly raised his eyebrows, in a silent gesture for Scott to enlighten him further before he spoke again.

Scott looked at him directly, for which Dan was thankful.

"Yes mate. We did. We did talk about you, and your problem. And we agreed to not mention it around you, because we didn't want you feeling bad or nothing. We kinda didn't think you'd like wanna talk about it or anything, so we wasn't gonna say anything," he slapped Ali's head this time, "until the brown wonder here opened his big mouth!" This was said and executed without any hint of racism given or taken, just normal insulting teenage boys behaviour.

Ali looked sheepish. "Sorry Dan. Didn't want to pry or nothing, but I am curious. I shouldn't have said anything though. Scott did say not to mention it, but I just kinda wondered, and it slipped out."

Dan felt his temper calming down quickly. These were his friends, and not only his only male friends, but apart from Nikki and Amy, his only friends at all. They knew he was slightly incontinent, that he had an undersized bladder, and that he wore diapers and wet the bed. But that was it. Although he had wet his diaper around them a few times, they didn't know that. In fact, they had no real concept of what life as Dan was really like, apart from the basics. It was no wonder they were curious. Dan guessed he would be curious as well, if the shoe was on the other foot. He quickly wondered if any of the guys would find wetting as erotic and exciting as he did, if they participated in it with a pretty girl like Amy. That thought was quickly pushed out of his head, and he mentally rebuked himself for even having it. He sighed, a habit that kept on growing constantly.

"No. It's alright Scott," he said. "It's okay to ask. You guys must wonder sometimes who or what you're dealing with I guess."

The other three hastily voiced their disagreement at once, with Ali again apologising, but Dan held up his hand, palm up, and smiled.

"Don't be stupid guys! I'm not pissed off or anything, I'm serious! You guys must be curious. I would be. Let's sit down, and I'll explain all about it."

Scott interjected. "No mate! You don't have to tell us shit. Okay?"

Dan smiled. "I want too Scotty. I think it would actually be good for me. For us."

Scott looked unsure. "Only if you wanna Danny. No pressure. You're our friend, and you don't haveta say or do nothing you don't want to. Understand?"

"Yeah mate. Got it." Dan said. "Come on. I'm sick of getting my arse kicked on this stupid game anyway. Let's sit down, and I'll tell youse all whatever youse want to know. I think it actually might be good for me to, you know, talk about it instead of trying to like hide it all the time."

They sat around the table, nursing drinks, and they talked. Scott and Dan nursed water, while their friends drank Coke, but it was never mentioned or pointed out. Scott poured the drinks, handed them out, and sat down, and no comment was said about it.

"It started a year ago," Dan began. "Well probably many years ago, because I was always a bit accident prone, even when I was just a kid, but it got worse a year ago. I'm a bit like Scotty here, I've always wet my bed, but a year ago, I started wetting my pants during the day, lots more than I did when I was like little, and we didn't know why."

"Did you have like a lot of accidents?" Matt asked.

"More than a 13 year old should! That's for sure," Dan laughed, and the other boys joined in.

"Let's see! There was the time at the skatepark, and ........." Dan didn't go into explicit detail, but he related the basic outline of a few of his mishaps. He spoke about his earlier doctors visits, and how nobody could explain it. Then he told them about Dr Singh, and how he finally got an answer as to what his problem was caused by.

"But you'll eventually grow out of it?" Ali asked, obviously concerned for his friend.

"Yeah, someday, or they can probably do some operations, but I gotta stop growing first. They won't do it while I'm still a kid."

"That really sucks dude." Matt informed him gravely, perhaps in case Dan hadn't figured it out for himself yet.

Dan was about to try and inject a happier note into the conversation, by saying something witty like "Hey, it wasn't all bad. I met my girlfriend at the doctors." But he stopped himself just in time. His friends didn't yet know that Amy was incontinent as well, and much, much worse than he was. If she ever decided to tell them, then that would be her business, not his. He just nodded at Matts comment.

He spent a few minutes describing to them just what it felt like, how it could sneak up on him without warning, and how he had to pay attention all the time to his body. He glossed over the diaper wearing bit, admitting once again to needing them, but not going into fresh territory on it.

His friends were seriously interested. They listened carefully, and asked questions, some of them actually considered and sensible, but although they laughed occasionally, they never once laughed at him, only with him. By the end of their discussion, which had taken a lot longer than anyone would've thought, Dan felt a strange sense of relief. For better or for worse, he had come out! He wondered if this was what a gay person must feel like when they came out. But anyway, it was done, and his friends still appeared to remain his friends, for now at least. How they would react to a diaper change or a big accident would remain to be seen, but one step at a time. At least his secret wasn't something that need concern him anymore.

He wondered what his know-all mother would say? She had been so dead set against him telling anyone, but at the same time insisted that he attend camp, stupid bitch. His mother soon disappeared from his thoughts though.

He wondered instead what Amy was doing. You could probably bet that she wasn't sitting around talking about diapers or incontinence though!

He forgot Nikki was there, however.

*673*2017-02-17 14:13

Chapter 5:

Nikki and Amy had met up before the final morning bell on Friday, as Amy made her way toward the grade 7 classrooms. Amy, being a year older and taller than most of the other girls in her year, had no problem in spotting her friend in the crowd. They exchanged greetings, even air kissing each other, and struck up a conversation.

"So, what're you doing tonight?" Nikki asked her friend.

"Nothing I guess. Danny's going to Scotts place, and mums staying home, so I guess I'll do the same. I've got the box set of 'Walking Dead,' so I might watch that."

"OhMyGod! Have you? That's so cool! I've seen a few episodes, and it like rocks!"

"Have you?" Amy enquired. "I've been told it's good, but I haven't seen it yet. Hey! Here's an idea! If you're not doing anything, you wanna come over and watch it? We could have a sleepover of our own while the guys are doing their thing!"

Amy had liked Nikki from the beginning, but had gone through a stage of worrying about how well Dan and her got on. Being a bit insecure underneath her tough exterior was a trait she couldn't shake, and she wasn't proud of it. But after her and Dan had started experimenting with their wetting games, and Nikki had joined in, she had started to feel a bit jealous about Dan and Nikki perhaps getting on a bit too well with each other. That was part of the reason why she had been so keen to set her friend up with Scott, as it would keep her away from Dan a bit.

It wasn't that she didn't trust either of them, in fact, it was far from it, but when you lived most of your life as a social outcast, then finally found happiness in a relationship, you would do whatever it takes to protect that relationship. Now, with Scott and Nikki fast becoming an item, she once again felt a lot more relaxed around the younger girl, and enjoyed her company without constantly stressing and feeling insecure that Dan may fall for her. It was nice to sort things out in her own head.

Nikki jumped with excitement. She admired Amy, and looked up to the older girl, and the chance to get to know her better was exciting. Of course she had caught the vibe of Amy's slight distrust before, and could understand it, at least up to a point anyway, but she had never once actually considered making a move on Dan. He was a good friend, but that was all. She would never, ever, in a million years try to interfere with Amy's relationship, but she could certainly understand where Amy's insecurities stemmed from. In fact, Scott was the first boy she had ever actually felt an attraction towards. Dan was a nice guy, but as soon as Nikki had seen Scotts photo, she had decided he was hot. He made her feel kind of tingly in her private parts when she was around him.

It was strange in a way. Nikki got a real kick out of wetting herself, even enjoying diapers, just like Dan did, but the very fact that he 'belonged' to Amy, made him off limits. Now she was dating a guy who she knew to be a bed wetter, and who wore pull ups to bed. The fact that this guy hadn't yet mentioned this to her was inconsequential, she could picture him wearing and using them, and that was enough. She hoped that one day he would feel comfortable enough around her to tell her his secret, and she was happy to wait. She didn't try and convince herself that her and Scott could ever do the sort of stuff that Amy and Dan did, but she hoped they might someday. For the moment, they hadn't done much more than just kinda hang out together, and that was fine, but she hoped to actually go on like a real proper date with him eventually. The problem was, his weekends were largely spent either studying, working, or hanging out with his mates. She hoped to change that one day.

Both girls agreed to call their mothers during the lunch break, and try and get permission.

It had been easier than they thought. The only delay occurred when Amy had needed to visit the nurses office first for a diaper change. She had wet herself in class just before the lunch time bell had sounded, trying to hold on until it went. She had sat in her science class, trying hard not to fidget or squirm, knowing that the other girls would notice her desperation, when, with only two minutes to go, she felt herself starting to leak, and her adult pull up started to swell between her legs. She had remained at her desk, keeping her head down and not commenting or moving, except for slightly parting her legs, while praying like a good Catholic Girl that her diaper wouldn't leak. Her prayer was answered, and although her diaper hung low around her buttocks when she stood up, it contained her misdeed perfectly.

But she never felt safe doing a diaper change during a lunch break when a lot of girls used the restroom, so she visited the nurse instead, with whom she was on a first name basis. The nurse didn't actually help her to change, but just let her use the room to give herself the necessary privacy to change by herself. Amy kept a stash of diapers in the office, so she didn't even need to take her school bag, the nurse just knowing what was required, and smiling gently at her as she unlocked the medical room, and the cupboard inside. Amy, as usual, was extremely grateful for her discretion and lack of embarrassing questions.

Five minutes later, the girls had met in the playground, and being finally allowed to use their phones after they had finished eating, had excitedly called their mothers. As it turned out, their parents were more than happy for them to indulge in a little slumber party, and were pleased that their girls were continuing to make friends at last.

"Amy," Nikki whispered, "Is it alright with you if I bring some pull ups to wear?"

"Course it is Nik. You should know you don't have to ask! But I thought your mum didn't buy them for you anymore?"

Nikki looked a bit guilty, but smiled. "She doesn't. But I bought my own out of some money I saved. It was like soooo embarrassing! I nearly died! But I just had to get some, especially after you let me wear yours! I wanted to get the grownups ones like you wear, but they didn't fit me very well, and besides, the supermarket didn't sell 'em, so I bought myself a packet of Goodnites. I even had to get a packet of medium sized ones, which are supposed to fit like ten year olds, but they fit me fine! I'm glad they didn't have the large ones, cause I reckon they woulda been too big. You shoulda seen the look the checkout lady gave me when I bought 'em! I really thought I was gonna die! Truly I did!"

"When was this?" Amy asked.

"Only a few days ago. I actually tried a few times to get them, but I kept chickening out. But the other day, the shop was quiet, and I made my mind up, and Bang! I actually did it! I was kinda proud of myself," she added.

Amy grinned. "Have you, you know, worn one yet? Or used one?"

"I've worn the same one to bed the last two nights," Nikki explained. "But I haven't been brave enough to use one yet. I'm dying too, but I'm kinda scared that mum or Troy will find it in the rubbish or something."

"You could try smuggling it out in your school bag and throwing it in a public bin, you know, like wrapped up in a bag or something?" Amy suggested helpfully.

"Yeah, but mums always poking around in my bag," Nikki told her. "She packs my lunchbox in there, and sometimes just adds stuff, or checks I haven't like left any apples or anything in there. I'd hate it if she found a nappy in there."

Amy nodded her agreement. It sounded like Nikki was definitely in a difficult position.

"Anyway," the younger girl continued, "I've got my own diapers this time, so I won't need to beg off you, and I'm like really keen to like actually, you know," her voice lowered, although there was nobody within earshot, "use one," she finished.

So that evening, Nikki had been dropped off at Amy's house. Unlike Amys sleepover with Dan, it was considered okay for the two girls to sleep in Amy's room, where the air mattress had been set up on the floor near Amy's bed. Nothing more was said about diapers until after dinner, when the girls went back to the room again.

Now Nikki wasted no time. She had bought a sleeping bag, which she rolled out on the bed. "Can I get changed now? I'm starting to need to pee," she said with a tinge of excitement in her voice.

"Go for it," Amy told her, and watched, fascinated, as Nikki reached inside her sleeping bag, and pulled out at least six pink pull ups, complete with pictures of butterflies emblazoned on the front.

Nikki was wearing a lightweight cotton dress that was fairly short. She had been wearing her flip flops when she had arrived, but they were long abandoned, and she was now barefoot. With slightly trembling hands, Nikki reached under her dress, and pulled her panties down, stepping out of them, and leaving them on the floor. Amy looked at them, seeing how stained they looked.

They had originally been white, with pictures of fairies all over them, and pink elastic around the waist and leg bands, complete with a little pink satin bow in the front. But now, they were largely yellow tinged. The crotch was a dark yellow colour, and the staining lessened off the further away from the crotch it got. But even the material just under the waistband in both the front and back were lightly coloured with a pale yellow tinge. In fact, only the very side bits still appeared to be the original colour, and even there they featured grubby finger marks.

"Your favourite pee undies, huh?" Amy enquired with a smile. Nikki blushed a tiny bit, but nodded enthusiastically.

"17 times I've pissed in these without washing them," she announced proudly. They're just about ruined now. I spray them with Febreeze to stop them from smelling too much, but it kinda makes them a bit stiff though."

"Surely you don't wear them to school though?" Amy said, a touch aghast.

"No Ames. Even I'm not that silly! I usually just sit on the toilet in the morning and pee in them, or maybe stand in the shower and do it, then I hang them up in my closet. After school, I do it again! My bestest record, with another pair, was 32 wettings. But I got scared and threw them away. I wish I didn't now, but I'm gonna beat 32 with this pair, just you wait!"

Nikki yanked her little girls Goodnite up and over her hips, only having to give the slightest wiggle to get her backside in, then she grinned at Amy, and lifted her dress up past her belly button, and showed it off, complete with a "tah-dah!"

"Now I gotta go pee," she said.

Amy laughed. "What do you mean, you gotta go pee? You just put a freaking pull up on! Use it!"

"I will," Nikki explained, "But I want to sit in the loo when I use it. Remember, I haven't used one yet, and they're only supposed to be for like 10 year olds, so I don't know if they'll leak or not. I really don't wanna pee all over your floor or anything."

"Wouldn't be the first time the floor in this room has been peed on," Amy said with a wry grin, causing both of them to giggle.

"No Ames. I wanna try one out first before I trust them, I'll be back in a minute,"

"What if I wanted to watch?" Amy asked.

"Next time," Nikki replied, and hurried off to the toilet. Her need to pee was quickly building up, and she wanted to go while she still had some control. If she waited for too much longer, she would end up wetting herself uncontrollably, and while she loved doing that, she really didn't want to risk peeing on her friends floor.

Sitting on the toilet, she removed her dress altogether, and stared at her pull up. She barely had any breasts yet, nor any fat on her tummy whatsoever, so she had a very clear, unobstructed view.

She relaxed, and immediately felt a jet of pee shoot into her diaper. Instinct kicked in, and she clamped down on her muscles, immediately cutting it off. Taking a deep but shaky breath, she relaxed again, but kept a semi hold on her flow, making it trickle out instead of squirting. This was better, and she shuddered with delight, as her stream slowly dribbled out, running over her nearly bald pubic area, before being absorbed in the padding between her legs and underneath her bum. She stopped and started a few times, and her little pull up grew quite thick and heavy, but it didn't leak.

Eventually, she figured it must be close to capacity, so with a shaking hand, she reached down, smiling as she felt the swollen diaper squelching in her fingers, and pulled it aside, letting a few unabsorbed drops out, before her bladder finally completely let go, sensing that the timing was at last right. Her powerful stream splattered into the bowl, while the wet padding rubbed lasciviously against a particular spot that she was starting to learn felt really nice to touch. Her fingers got wet while she urinated, but even that felt really nice, she thought.

She let the sodden crotch of her pull up snap back into place with a soggy, wet slapping sound, then rubbed it against her womanhood, again feeling that lovely tingling sensation she was just starting to discover. She shivered again, goose bumps and fine blonde hair sticking up on her forearms, then she stood up, flushed the toilet, slipped her dress back on, and ground her thighs tightly together, ensuring that she wouldn't be squeezing any drops out, but also simply because it felt good to do so. After washing her hands in the adjacent bathroom, she walked back to her friend, but kept forcing her thighs tightly together, enjoying the way her wet nappy squished around against her private area. She was actually a bit short of breath when she got there.

"How didja go?" Amy asked.

In response, Nikki simply lifted her dress up, showing Amy how low her almost filled pull up was sagging between her legs. "Pretty good," she replied.

"Me too!" Amy said, and stood up, dropping her baggy pink shorts around her socked ankles. She had taken to wearing socks a lot more lately, not simply because she liked them, but because Danny liked her wearing them. When he wasn't around, and she missed him, she would picture him looking and touching her feet or socks, because he always liked doing that, and it somehow made her feel closer to him in his absence. Tonight, she was still wearing her white ankle socks from school, because she knew he liked them, even if they were a bit dirty now.

With her shorts now puddled around her feet, Nikki could see Amys adult style pull up, and it looked almost as wet and heavy as her kiddie one.

"Did you do it too?" Nikki asked, and Amys naughty grin was the only answer she needed.

As Amy was pulling her shorts back up over her nappy, Nikki asked, "So, whaddya wanna do next then?"

"Let's ring the guys!" Amy suggested. "See what they're up too!"

