Steven Universe Omorashi One-Shots

Author: mourn365

*000*2023-09-18 16:12

Chapter One

Marathon Day (Peridot)

Peridot stared at the screen with an intense expression on her face. She had recently been given a “cable box” from Steven. Even though he asked (Asked is too soft of a term, beg would be more accurate.) Lapis and her to watch another show at last. Of course, the two refused, continually just using it to watch more Camp Pining Hearts, despite owning the whole series on DVD. At the moment, there was a marathon of episodes revolving around Pierre, her favourite character. Some naysayers (Lapis) would call him a “himbo” and a “fucking asshole”, whatever those words meant. But those people (Lapis) just don’t understand the complexities of his character! He was meant to seem annoying and grew to be likeable! So, unfortunately, Lapis was not joining her for the marathon.

“Paulette, how could you do this to me?”

“I’m sorry, Percy! I felt so angry and I lashed out!”

“No, Paulette, we’re through!”

Peridot giggled as she saw her least favourite character suffering. However, her giggling was interrupted by her bladder sending signals to her brain. She looked over the pile of empty soda cans next to the TV.

“Ugh, stupid bodily functions.” She took pleasure in these “sodas” that Amythest introduced her to. However, they came with an unexpected consequence. The liquid that goes down her throat needs to come out somewhere else. When Amythest first gave her a soda, she didn’t tell her that she needed to create a digestive system, leading to an uncomfortable experience with her having to create a hole in her crotch, and afterwards making herself a digestive system with Pearl’s guidance.

She groaned and briefly considered giving up and going to the bathroom. But the barn didn’t have a bathroom (and she certainly wasn’t going to use the meep-morp) so she would have to go to the temple of the Crystal Gems, causing her to miss the episode. She wasn’t going to have that. She’ll have to wait for the next ad break.

As she continued to watch it, Lapis eventually climbed upstairs and sat next to her. “Are you still watching the marathon of that stupid character?”

“I told you! Pierre is objectively the best character.”

“Ugh, I’m not having this conversation again.” She looked down and noticed Peridot squirming on her bean bag. Looking closer, she could sense immense water coming from inside her. “Peri? Do you need to pee?”

“What!? Am I that obvious!?”

“Yup. Especially since I can do THIS!”

Lapis shook the liquid in Peridot’s bladder rapidly. “Ah!” Peridot's hands flew to her crotch. “I thought we agreed not to use powers on bodily fluids!”

“Hahaha! Okay, okay.” There was silence for a few moments. “So… are you gonna go?”

“Nah, I’m waiting for the next ad break.”

“Okay, suit yourself I suppose.” Lapis started to go back downstairs. “Just clean up the mess if you poof, alright?”

“Pfft, I’m not gonna poof… right?” Peridot thought to herself. She began to re-focus on the TV. The shake Lapis gave to her pee drew more attention to it. It was beginning to distract her from the episode. She shook it off and tried to re-focus.

“I DO love her, Jackson, but she really hurt my feelings when she said that!”

“Dude, if you love her, you must show her that!”

“Shoot, you're right! I need to go to her, NOW!”

Peridot let out a groan as she felt a small leak enter her bodysuit. “I don’t know how much longer I can hold it. How much longer is left in the episode?” She thought with a worried look on her face. She took a look at the TV guide and saw there were still five minutes left in the episode. “Come on, come on, come on!” She again tried to re-focus on the episode, but it was getting harder and harder.

“Paulette! I’m sorry for what I said!”

“No, Percy! I’m sorry for what I said!”

“No, no! Let me make it up to you! I’ll take you on a date tonight at the bar!”

“Okay, let’s do it!”

Peridot struggled as she watched the two humans speak and consume liquids in their bodies. Peridot whimpered as she felt another leak. She felt joy enter her as the credits rolled. She quickly went down the ladder and tried to run out of the barn. However, as she was running, she stopped in her tracks and doubled over.

“Woah, Peri, are you okay?” Lapis called out from across the room.

“Mmmmm… I’m not gonna make it!”

“Woah, you still haven’t peed yet?”

“No… and I really gotta go!”

“Okay, okay, just calm down.” Lapis came over and soothed Peridot. “Let’s just get you to the wa-”

Lapis’ words were interrupted by another groan. Peridot felt more urine flowing out of her. Unfortunately, this time it didn’t stop. The dark stain on Peridot’s bodysuit began to grow larger and larger, before eventually pooling around her, seeping into the wood below her. She continued to pee for another twenty seconds before slowing down. Peridot let out a big sigh and looked at Lapis. “I-I’m so sorry, Lapis, I d-didn’t mean to-”

“Shhhh, it’s alright, Peri.”

“B-but I caused such a big mess! I urinated all over the floor!”

“Don’t worry about that!” Slowly, the pee began to come out (unabsorbed?) from her jumpsuit and rose up from the wooden floor. All the liquid came together in an orb. Lapis then launched it far in the distance outside the barn.

“Oh. Th-thank you, Lapis.”

“No problem.” Lapis gave Peridot a kiss on the cheek. “How about we go upstairs and watch that marathon?”

“You mean you’ll watch it!?”

She shrugged. “Pierre has some good episodes, I guess.”

Peridot smiled. “So you admit it!”

“Shut up!” Lapis said jokingly. They both started laughing and went upstairs.

*001*2023-10-13 19:51

Chapter Two

Date at the Fair

Steven excitedly got into his new fancy outfit. Today was a special day- his date with Connie. Of course, this wasn’t their first date or anything… but any day with a date with Connie was special! He was wearing a white-collared shirt overlaid with a denim jacket, and black dress pants. Looking at himself in the mirror to ensure everything was alright, he readjusted his collar. Suddenly, there was a knock at the door, snapping him out of his trance. “She’s here!” He thought to himself.

Steven quickly ran down to the door and opened it. He smiled upon seeing Connie in a blue dress. “Wow Connie, you look beautiful!”

A big blush spread on Connie’s face. “Aw, thanks, Steven! You do too!”

It was Steven’s turn to blush this time. “So… are you ready to head off?”

“Yup! Let’s go!” The couple walked down the stairs of the beach house and onto the soft sand below. As he walked the last step, he suddenly got a pang coming from his lower body. He had to pee. “ But… we just left, I can’t ask to go back already! I’ll just excuse myself when I get to the fair. ”

“You all right Steven?” Connie asked, seeing him lost in thought.

“Yeah, I’m alright, I just drifted off there. C’mon, let’s get going!” The two held hands and walked down the beach to the Beach City Funland. They gave Mr. Smiley (who thankfully seemed to forget that Steven was supposed to be banned) their tickets and walked into the Funland.

“Ah, man, there’s so much to do!” Connie said, looking around. “What do you wanna do first?”

Steven’s bladder gave a sharp reminder of its need, causing him to squeeze his legs together subtly. “Actually, Connie…” He blushed slightly, having to reveal his need to her. “Can I just use the bathroom real quick?”

“Oh yeah, of course! I’ll wait here for you to come back!”

Steven started speed-walking towards and was stopped by another pang from his bladder. “ Sheesh, I didn’t even realize I had to go that much. At least now I can- ” His thoughts were interrupted by seeing an enormous line stretching around the bathrooms. “Oh no. This’ll take forever! I ought to get back to Connie, I shouldn’t keep her waiting.”

His bladder screamed as he walked away but Steven ignored it and carried on. “Hey, Steven!” Connie called to him as he approached. “That was quick, was there no line?”

“The opposite, actually. The line was too long, so I decided to come back.”

“Oh. Will you be able to hold it?”

“Yeah, I’ll be alright, don’t worry.”

“Well, if you say so. Do you wanna go on the Ferris Wheel first?”

“Yeah, that sounds good!”

The two got in line for the Ferris Wheel and began to wait. For Steven, it felt like time was slowing down to a halt. His bladder was begging him at the highest volume to go back to the bathroom, but he didn’t listen. He squirmed around in place, trying to be subtle. Unfortunately, Connie indeed noticed but chose not to say anything.

Eventually, they made it to the front of the line and saw Mr. Smiley operating it. “Wait, wasn't he just taking tickets a few minutes ago?” Steven thought to himself.

“Ahem. Please enter the cart, Sir and Ma'am.”

Steven nodded and did as he was told, entering the cart, trying his best not to look nervous. Connie once again noticed his behaviour and whispered to him, “Hey, it's not too late to go back, you know. I won't be mad.”

“No, no, it's alright! I can hold it!” Steven reassured.

“If you insist, I guess,” Connie said with little confidence.

They got into the cart and sat down. Smiley closed the door of the cart, and it started moving with a bump. The bump caused Steven to leak slightly, causing him to squirm a bit. The cart started moving, and Connie smiled as she looked out the window seeing them rising higher and higher. As it was nearing the top, it stopped to let people at the bottom get off and get on. “Wow! Isn’t the view great, Ste-?”

She looked back at Steven to see him with his legs crossed and hands on his crotch. When he realized she was watching, he quickly uncrossed his legs and took his hands off. “Uhhh, Steven? Are you alright?”

Steven stayed in silence, with a blush on his face.

“Steven?”

Still just silence.

“Steven…” She said, in a playful tone.

Steven’s face scrunched up in embarrassment.

“Steven!” She said sternly.

“Okay, okay, I may need to go a bit worse than I said I did.

“A bit?”

“Okay, a lot. I didn’t want to keep you waiting while I was in line.” He said, his head pointing down.

“Steven, you didn’t have to worry about me! Just go when we get off, okay?”

“Yeah, you’re right. I’m sorry, I’ll go after this.” He shuddered in desperation. “If I can hold it that long, that is.”

The ride started moving again, much to Steven’s relief. “Oh shoot, are you gonna be okay?” Connie asked.

“I’m…” Steven wanted to tell her he was going to be alright, but saying so would probably be a lie. After a moment of silence, he added, “I’m not sure.”

“Damn.” She said flatly, and the conversation swiftly ended. The cart continued in a cycle of stopping and moving again. Eventually, it was finally nearing the bottom, creating a glimmer of hope for Steven. Unfortunately, that hope was quickly ripped from him when the wheel kept moving after they reached the bottom, and the wheel kept moving.

“What!? Why didn’t it stop!?”

“It always goes around twice, Steven.”

“Oh no,” Steven said, groaning. “I don’t think I’m gonna be able to hold it.”

“No, no, you got this, Steven! Just hold on another few minutes!” Connie encouraged.

“Mmmm… I’ll try.”

After that, the awkward silence continued, with Steven’s movements being the only sound in the cart. It slowly but surely made its way upwards. Around the time it reached its peak, Steven felt another leak enter his under and whimpered.

“Are you alright?” Connie asked.

“I just… um… a little came out.”

“Oh dear.” Was all Connie could muster out. She wished she could comfort Steven more, but there was nothing she could think of that would help. She tried to concentrate on finding some solution for Steven’s plight, but she couldn’t pay attention due to all of Steven’s movements. Now that she thought about it, Steven… kind of looks cute, dancing around like that. She shook the thought away and continued to think. “Hey, do you have a water bottle or something?” She asked. Steven shook his head no, trying not to think about the possibility of Connie seeing him exposed and peeing into a bottle. “Crap. Guess you’re just going to have to hold it.”

Time continued to pass horribly slowly for Steven, with the cart finally starting to descend. The glimmer of hope once again returned to his mind. The couple looked out the window and saw Mister Smiley sweating nervously in front of the controls. Much to Steven’s chagrin, the cart continued to move past the exit. “I thought it was supposed to only be two times! What happened?” Steven inquired.

“Um… I don’t know. Maybe this is different to other ones?”

“Ugh… whatever it is, we better get off next time.”

Curiously, the cart kept going for a lot longer without stopping. Eventually, it did stop, but only once the cart had once again reached its peak. The wheel began making a whirring noise and a voice came through the speaker in the cart. It started with a nervous laugh before beginning to talk, in the voice of Mr. Smiley. “Attention, riders of the Ferris Wheel! Please remain calm, some technical difficulties have come up. We are working on a solution, and all of you will be properly compensated for the inconvenience.”

“ No, no, no, no, no, NO! ” Steven thought to himself. A few seconds later, he felt another leak escape him, this time creating a big wet spot on his pants. Connie saw this and tried to comfort him. “Um… don’t worry Steven, I’m sure it will be fixed any second now!”

Steven fidgeted in place. “I’m not sure I can even hold it another few seconds!”

“Oh god, um okay, just hold on another few seconds.” Connie tried to focus once again on finding a solution. A quiet, somewhat dirty, thought entered her brain. What if… Steven peed in her mouth ? She almost immediately shook the idea away, shocked that her brain even came to such a conclusion. She had never even seen Steven naked before, let alone put his unmentionables in her mouth, especially in such a public place. Even if she was emotionally ready for that, she highly doubted Steven would be. After the thought passed, another one entered her mind. “Uh, Steven?”

“Yeah?” Steven said quietly, a whimper escaping his mouth after his short sentence.

“If you have to go so bad… maybe you should just go?”

“Believe me, Connie, I would love nothing more,” Steven said sarcastically. “But I don’t really have a choice right now.”

“No, I mean you should go. Right here and now.”

There was a moment of silence before Steven’s face was illuminated with a red glow. “What!? You mean pee my pants!?” Connie nodded. “I can’t just do that! I’m basically an adult now.”

“I get it, I do, but you’re suffering, Steven! Wouldn’t it feel better just to let it out?”

Steven thought for a second, before shaking his head. “No I-I just have to hold it!”

A few minutes passed, and the atmosphere in the cart grew tense. Steven squirmed aggressively, doing anything to keep what felt like an ocean inside of him. Another leak escaped, causing him to speed up his movements. It seemed to work at first, but soon the liquid started pouring out again, this time with no sign of stopping. Steven let out a small sob, and Connie looked over, only to see the darker patch on his pants growing, with a puddle on the seat coming with it.

“Oh, Steven.” She said, trying to comfort him, to no avail.

Tears streamed down his cheeks. “I’m so sorry you had to see me like this, Connie.”

“Hey, it’s okay, Steven. Just let it all out, alright?”

Steven obeyed and gave in to the relief. He closed his eyes and sighed. Connie, on the other hand, was desperately trying to ignore how damn adorable Steven looked. After a little bit longer, Steven’s stream slowed down with a big sigh. “Oh, god. I can’t believe I just did that.”

“Hey, it’s alright, Steven.” She got up and made an attempt to put a hand on her shoulder without stepping into the puddle.

Steven looked down and tried to avoid eye contact. Before he could say anything, the lights of the Ferris Wheel lit up and the cart started to move. A message played on the speaker: “Thank you for your patience, loyal customers, the Wheel is working once again!

“Oh god.” Steven’s eyes widened, realizing that everyone at the bottom was going to see his accident.

Connie noticed Steven’s panic and held his hand. “Look, as soon as the exit doors open, run . Let’s get outta this place as soon as we can. Nobody will notice your pants, they’re way too dark. You got all that?”

Steven nodded slightly. “Um… thanks, Connie. I love you.”

Connie smiled. “I love you too.”

The couple ran home, with Connie having new thoughts about Steven within her.

*003*2023-10-17 17:30

{{On 10/16/2023 at 4:39 AM, Golden Guard said:

I loved this chapter with Steven and Connie! Especially with Connie's new spicy thoughts about Steven and needing to pee. I hope Steven is ok with it too though.

}}

Thank you for your kind words!

*006*2023-12-17 20:02

Chapter 3

The Inspection

“Okay, first we’ll visit the greenhouse, then the forge, then classroom 2-A and- are you taking this down?” Yellow Pearl said, looking at the other Pearl with her.

“Mmm-hmm.” Blue Pearl briefly looked up from her digital note-taking device to nod. The two pearls were touring the little homeworld on Earth, which had recently been constructed following the beginning of The Third Era. Their diamonds had asked them to head there and ensure everything was going smoothly. However, they were a little behind schedule due to some… sightseeing. Pink Diamond’s former Pearl showed them the wonders of Earthian cuisine. Yellow Pearl wasn’t interested (She was far too sophisticated for it), but Blue Pearl was particularly interested in the liquids you supposedly consume. She, of course, ended up drinking quite a bit.

“Alright, to the greenhouse, follow me!” Yellow Pearl exclaimed pointing and taking a step forward before being interrupted by Blue.

“It’s the other way.” She said flatly.

“Change of plans, I’ll follow you!” Yellow added, with the same amount of enthusiasm as before.

Blue nodded and started to walk towards the greenhouse. As she walked, it dawned on her that inside of her light projection’s stomach, there was a… pain? She wasn’t quite sure how to describe it. It was definitely unpleasant, but she wouldn’t quite call it pain. Maybe there was a minor issue with her gem?

“Never mind, I’m leading us, you walk too slow!” Yellow shouted, speeding up to be in front.

“Sorry.” Blue mumbled. She was embarrassed that she let the stomach pain(?) distract her.

The two continued to walk to the greenhouse until they reached it. Peridot showed off the plants that they had been growing, in a very boastful manner, of course. Next up, it was time to move to the forge.

Blue whimpered for a moment. The discomfort in her abdomen was getting worse. She thought back to what she could’ve done to cause this. And then her mind wandered back to the drinks she had. The Renegade Pearl had talked about how things you consumed needed to come back out, but she forgot how. All she remembered was that she gave some instructions to shift a pipe and container thingy inside of her, which she did. “I really do need to pay more attention to my surroundings.” She thought to herself.

They reached the forge and talked to Bismuth. She explained how it worked and showed off the weapons made using it. Blue half-assed her notetaking, the discomfort distracting her more and more. They left, and just as they did so, Blue suddenly felt the urge to bend over and cover her crotch. She did so, calling the attention of Yellow. “Come on, hurry up Blu- What are you doing?”

“I-I’m sorry Blue. Ever since we got here I’ve been feeling under the weather. There’s this weirdo I think it has something to do with what I drank with the other pearl so mayb-”

“Wait, wait, don’t you remember what she told us before you drank?”

“Um… a little?”

“Did you not even form a digestive system!?”

“Sort of?” Blue shifted open her chest to reveal an odd-looking pipe leading to an equally odd-looking bladder, leading to an even odder-looking vagina.

“Yuck, put that away! I don’t want to see that.” Blue did as she said. “But… it should be functional. Your drinks turned into stuff and you need to get rid of that stuff.”

“So… this weird feeling is because I need to empty the ‘stuff’? How do I do it?”

“You sit on this stuff-emptying machine and then relax.”

“And where’s the nearest stuff-emptying machine?”

“I… don’t know.”

“Oh. Do we, uh, ask or…”

“Let’s do that,” Yellow said swiftly. “You, dysfunctional Crystal Gem soldier!” She shouted at Amythest, who was leaning against a wall nearby.

“Uh… yeah?” Amethyst looked over at them, annoyed.

“Where is the nearest waste disposal machine?”

“You mean a toilet?”

“Ah, yes, that was what it was called! Where is it?”

“Uh, none in Little Homeworld if that’s what you’re asking. You’ll have to go back into Beach City if you wanna go.” A sly smirk appeared on Amethyst’s mouth. “Or you could just go in the woods. That’s what I do.”

“Wait, you can empty without the ‘toilet’?” Blue inquired. “Ugh, this is so confusing.”

“Are you new around here?” Amethyst raised an eyebrow before her eyes widened. “Oh, wait! You two are Blue and Yellow Diamond’s Pearls! No wonder you’re both so clueless!”

Yellow blushed and cleared her throat. “Technically, we aren’t ‘theirs’ anymore, not since Era 3 began, but yes, we’re here on the diamond’s behalf.”

“Well, anyways, if wanna go pee, head into the woods over there.” Ameythest pointed at the nearby exit which led in the direction opposite of Beach City. “Welp, see ya later.” She turned around and began to walk away.

“Wait!” Blue called out to her. “How do you… go?”

“Well, you relax your lower body muscles and… um… sorry, it's kinda hard to explain. Oh yeah, and don't forget to shift away your clothes. I made that mistake early on more than I'd like to admit.”

“Right. Let's go, Yellow!”

Blue walked to the exit of Little Homeworld. She was nearly there before a new wave of pressure washed over her. A sudden urge to cover her groin came to her, and she followed said urge.

“Blue?” Yellow tilted her head to the left in curiosity. “What’s wrong?”

“It…it wants to come out. I think.”

“You think!?”

“I don’t know! It’s hurting more and more!”

“Okay, just try to keep walking, alright?”

“Mmmh, I’ll try.” Blue slowly continued walking, stepping into the woods. However, just a few footsteps in, she lost control. Pee started seeping through the bottom of her leotard. “DAAAAAH! IT’S COMING OUT!” She started running down the hill to the woods. Yellow followed suit, following a trail of pee.

Yellow found Blue leaning against a tree, a look of relief plastered on her face, head tilted up. The pee spread to her skirt, soaking it thoroughly. A puddle pooled underneath her feet, soaking the dirt beneath it.

“Are you alright?” Yellow asked.

“I… I think?” Blue looked down at her soaked outfit. She shifted out of it, before shifting back into an identical outfit. However, the outfit got wet again after a second, albeit less.

“Ugh.” Yellow pinched the bridge of her nose. “You need to wash it off first, idiot.” She pointed to a nearby river. “Shift off your clothes and get in there.”

“Do I need to?” Blue questioned.

“I could poof you!” Yellow said enthusiastically, casually pulling out a sword from her gem.

“That won’t be necessary!” Blue shifted off her clothes. Her naked form was without nipples and a crude-looking vagina. She stepped into the water, letting the urine wash away. “I’m sorry about all this.”

“It’s fine. Not everyone can be perfect like me.” Yellow closed her eyes and put a smug smile on her mouth. Blue let out a small giggle. “What’s so funny!?” Yellow demanded.

“Nothing.” Blue smiled.

*008*2023-12-18 22:50

{{17 hours ago, Golden Guard said:

It's always interesting to read about how characters that have never peed before react to suddenly being placed in a scenario where they need to pee. And I loved the way you wrote that here!

}}

Hahaha, thanks, it's always a struggle to justify the light projections of magic rocks needing to piss.

*009*2024-03-18 01:02

Chapter Four

Adventures In Roleplay

“Mmmm… I don’t know how much longer I can hold it.” Connie stretched out her words, exaggerating a wiggle. She desperately rubbed the legs of her jeans together.

Steven gulped; her movements hypnotized him. “Um… still no going to the bathroom?” He didn’t mean to make it sound like a question, but it still came out that way.

“Pleeeeaaasee, Master? I’m going to pee my paaaaanties!” She continued speaking in an exaggerated tone.

Steven let out a whimper and became teary-eyed. “Okay, fine!” He reached for the binds holding Connie, which were attached to Steven’s radiator.

Connie pulled back. “Wait, yellow. Steven, we already talked about this. I don’t want you to let me go, remember?”

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

“So what is it you wanted to talk about?” Steven asked an hour earlier.

Connie stayed silent for a moment, nervously tapping her finger against her legs. “Steven, do you remember when we were stuck on the Ferris Wheel on a date?”

Steven’s eyes widened, and his face turned red. “Connie, I thought we agreed not to talk about that.”

“I know, I know, and I’m not trying to make fun of you. The thing is-”

“Are you breaking up with me?” Steven interrupted. “Because it was a one-time thing, I swear.”

“What? God, no. I’d never break up with you for something dumb like that.”

“Oh.” Steven looked relieved. “Why are you bringing it up, then?”

“Well, the thing is…” Connie’s words trailed off. She cleared her throat. “I kind of… thought it was hot.”

“Hot?” Steven questioned.

“Yeah. And I know that’s messed up since you were so vulnerable, but…” She began to blush. “I enjoyed seeing your squirming and adorably relieved face when you had your accident.”

“Well, I guess that’s okay. I don’t want to do it again, though, if that’s what you're asking. I felt gross and… weird.”

“That’s not exactly what I wanted, either.” She avoided eye contact with Steven. “I’ve kind of had this fantasy where I really need to use the bathroom, and you don’t let me, and eventually I… y’know.”

Realization sparked on Steven’s face as he realized what she was asking of him. “Y-you want me to-”

“I want us to role-play my fantasy, yes. I-if it’s okay with you, of course!” She remade eye contact.

Steven thought for a moment. “Have you done this before?”

“The pee stuff or the role-playing?”

“The pee stuff.”

“Well, since that ‘incident’ at the carnival, I’ve been holding it for long periods of time, like skipping my bathroom breaks while studying… but I haven’t wet myself yet. I want to change that, though.”

“And you want me to make you?”

“As long as you’re okay with it, as I said.”

Steven thought for a second. “Well, I guess it would be alright. How’s this going to work?”

“Remember those rubber bindings we got after our first time?”

Steven blushed again. “Ah. I kinda thought you were going to use them on me.”

“And we will, eventually. Why don’t you go get them while I ‘fill up’?”

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

“Sorry, you're just so adorable! I can’t resist your begging!”

Connie rolled her eyes. “Thank you, but please keep the bindings on.”

“Okay. Um, what should I do next?” Steven asked awkwardly.

“Maybe poke my bladder?”

Steven complied, putting his index finger on Connie’s swollen bladder. He didn’t feel like he pressed very hard, but Connie still moaned loudly. It was times like these when he was thankful they had rebuilt his room as a separate floor and its own door. If his room were laid out like it used to be, the other gems would’ve heard Connie’s moan.

“I… I think I let a little out…” Connie said, panting and still squirming around. Steven felt his face heating up. He tried to say something but couldn't manage to say any words, continuing to admire his girlfriend’s desperation in silence. “Steven… I can't hold it back anymore!”

“Um… no?” Steven’s said with little confidence.

Connie let out a small whimper, and a small wet spot appeared on her jeans. “I leaked again and ruined my pants… do you think I need to be punished some more?”

Steven gulped and poked her bladder again.

“Mmmf…” Connie’s legs clamped shut, and she started shaking. Her eyes were squeezed closed.

“Connie? Are you alright?” Steven asked with genuine concern.

“Ha… harder…” Connie muttered.

Steven nodded and poked her bladder even harder.

“Gah!” She shouted. A hissing sound could soon be heard. The wet spot on her pants expanded, and a puddle formed on the wooden floor below her. A soft moan stretched out for about ten seconds.

Steven couldn’t believe his eyes. He felt blood rushing down below, and his pants got tighter. The puddle reached Steven’s feet, soaking his socks, but he didn’t move out of the way.

Connie continued to bask in the relief, biting her lip in ecstasy. After a couple more seconds, the puddle stopped growing, and she sighed. Opening her eyes, she remembered that Steven was watching her. She looked at Steven’s midsection and smiled. “I see you enjoyed the show.”

“Uh- sorry, Connie!”

“Don’t apologize. Just kiss me.”

Steven complied, kneeling in the young woman’s warm liquid. Almost immediately, they started putting their tongues in each other's mouths. After a few seconds, Connie’s hands drifted to her boyfriend’s penis, rubbing it softly through the pants. Steven let out a muffled moan. Soon, Steven began to return the favour, unzipping Connie’s pants and sticking his hand in her panties. He rubbed her soaked pussy aggressively, feeling it becoming wetter and wetter. A few minutes later, Connie came, her moan barely muffled by Steven’s mouth.

Steven finally stopped kissing Connie and backed off. They took a moment to catch their breath before one of them talked. “That was so hot.” Steven commented.

“Glad you enjoyed it,” Connie said, smiling. “Does this mean you’d be willing to wet yourself again?”

Steven blushed. “Maybe one day. But it still seems too… weird for me. No offense.”

“None taken. And that’s fine. Though, you do realize you’re sitting in a puddle of my urine as we speak, right?”

Steven looked down at the puddle and his wet pants and laughed. “Yeah, but… that’s different!”

Connie laughed and kissed Steven on the cheek, giving a big smile. “Wanna go for a round two?”

Steven nodded, and Connie pounced on him. With it, Steven gasped and orgasmed, creating a wet spot on his pants.

Connie giggled. “Already?”

Steven looked away sheepishly. “I was resisting doing it for a long time!” They both laughed before kissing passionately.

Beta read by @Golden Guard

*011*2024-03-18 20:33

{{Just now, Golden Guard said:

I love how you took my ending suggestion and ran with it! You illustrated that scene way better than how I imagined it in my head, awesome job!

}}

Aw, thanks! It was a great suggestion!

