Sisterhood of Blood - Page 13

Author: frostyjr2

*301*2013-12-24 14:39

We vampires celebrate the Winter Solstice, of course... funny and bizarre, because sunlight is death to most of our kind.

But here's wishing you all Happy Holidays, no matter which you celebrate, and we hope to see you soon again in the next installment of SoB.

Thanks for reading, and commenting, and... well... everything !

<3,

Cool and the gang.

*303*2013-12-27 07:24

Dear friends, fans and fiends, we hope that you've all had wonderful holidays so far.

Here's the latest installment of SoB, as well as our clan's best wishes to you all for the New Year which is almost upon us.

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 34)

HOURGLASS (River and Cool)

At the loft, NYC present day

(sound track: Time Is Running Out, by Muse)

$iframe width="480" height="270" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/HlL8XzcHt0Y?feature=oembed"

My little sister River was sitting over by the window looking out at the night, and she had her headphones on as she listened to some music on her TeslaPod.

I knew it was something 'aggro', as she would put it. That much I could tell by the way her body was moving in time with whatever she was hearing.

As I watched her, I could see her close her beautiful blue eyes, and now her head was bobbing a bit to the beat of the music, her long straight dark brown hair swaying softly as if stirred by a gentle breeze.

We were both squirming with the desperation of a good long hold; that in itself wasn't anything unusual. Nope, just a normal night as far as that went.

But I think my worries over the upcoming battle hadn't lessened since my night out with big sis Petra. They had only gotten worse. They had become contagious; they had spread to River like some horrible infectious disease, and it was all my fault for not being able to control my emotions as well as I would have liked.

Normally when she had the choice, River preferred to listen to music on the main Tesla system in the living room, with all of its clarity and ‘liveness'; it really was just like being there.

If her headphones were on, it was a sure sign to me that something was bothering her.

That was her way of retreating into her own space, since it helped her to block our psychic connection just a bit.

Not enough for me to not feel her anxiety, though.

I had had a lot more time and experience with thought reading and thought projection, so what was going through her head was going through mine as well.

Sure, I was a former fencing champion when I was younger, and I’ve been training hard for this fight.

But never in any of my matches was there anything close to this; OMG, how do you compare winning a championship to these stakes?

This isn’t my little ego on the line here, this is all of our futures, and really, even simple survival for most of us.

If we don’t win, Erica and Vicky will be enslaved, and the rest of us will surely be destroyed, since they don’t need or want us for any other purpose.

We have to win; we just have to…

Little did she know, we were actually trapped between two equally unpleasant choices.

Yes, to lose the fight would mean that both Vicky and I would have to become the star attractions in the theatre of pain for all eternity, and the rest of the clan, Hannah, Kat, Peter, Petra and even my sweet little sister River, would probably all be doomed to painful destruction.

That much was obvious to anyone who knew the rules of engagement and battle.

But what wasn’t obvious was the equally real danger to the winning clan: for us, to destroy a fellow vampire was to take on some of their essence, good or evil.

Hannah had laid it all out for me some time after her first mission as an enforcer, when she had encountered the vampire who called himself Lucifer.

When I asked her why he hadn’t simply destroyed her when he had had the chance, she told me he had explained how it worked to her… so it was only his reluctance to taint his perverse purity of evil with her ‘goodness’, as he had put it.

I had already seen the opposite process at work in Hannah; although she did her best to show mercy to her opponents in her enforcer missions, there were a few times when she had been forced to destroy her adversaries, and those others had left their mark on her. I had asked her once why she continued to stay on as an enforcer, and she had simply told me that it wasn’t really a choice, but an obligation that she had to fulfill. She wouldn't discuss it any further.

As for me, I couldn’t see the obligation in it, but after all this time I knew that Hannah’s principles and her sense of honor, her ethics and her moral centre were everything to her, possibly even more important than her truly boundless love for me.

And so she stayed, but with each vampire she had had to destroy, I could feel a slight change in my lover. She became just that little bit colder, that little bit crueler, that tiny bit more distant, and I grieved at the loss. Although it was apparent to me because I remained the same, the changes were happening to her in such slight increments that to Hannah it was as if nothing had been happening to her at all, even though she actually knew it was. The insidious part of the curse was its slow gradual nature, and for someone like Hannah, the erosion of one’s moral centre was truly a fate worse than destruction.

Knowing what I did, now I wasn’t sure how even a victory in this clan challenge could possibly be a good thing. To me, it seemed as if we had been maneuvered into a situation where all we could do was lose.

Just as I thought that, River turned towards me, and she opened her lovely blue eyes and stared straight into my green ones. We were both still squirming with the need to pee, even a bit more now than before. Just another night at home for us omo vamps...

“Here, listen to this with me, sis,” she said with a smile. She continued to pee dance even as she cued up a different song on her TeslaPod and sent it to the main system in the loft.

It was one of her favourite bands, and since she'd been staying with us I had grown to like them a lot as well, even though my usual tastes ran to other genres.

The fact that they were fellow vampires didn't hurt either...

(soundtrack: Starlight, by Muse)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/4ggNOb2oFn8?feature=oembed"

She turned it up.

Loud.

And then she hugged me tight.

<TO BE CONTINUED> \/###\/

*307*2013-12-28 11:14

{{: 

I love River and Hannah so much!

}}

Thanks ! So do i !

*310*2014-01-01 05:43

Best wishes to all of our friends, fans, and fiends for a very happy New Year, with love from Cool, Hannah, River, Peter, Petra, Vicky , and Kat !

*311*2014-01-03 07:42

Time for the latest installment of SoB, and this time we get to hear from the leader of the pack, or clan, rather...

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 35)

HOW LONG HAS THIS BEEN GOING ON? (Hannah)

(sound track: How Long Has This Been Going On, performed by the Keith Jarrett Trio)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/dxIgjTJHaas?feature=oembed"

Just how long does it take for a good soul to become evil?

I suppose it depends on exactly how much evil you end up absorbing, and how good you were to begin with.

If you were able to stay away from the things that turn one’s soul evil, for example, killing in general and destroying other ‘evil’ vampires in particular, you could quite possibly go on forever without feeling even the slightest touch of evil… but you would also have to stay out of the trouble and strife of the day-to-day (or in our case, night-to-night) world.

Can one just stand by, impassive, watching the events of the mortal world unfold without being touched in some way, or moved to action?

Just because one is undead, that doesn’t necessarily mean that one is uncaring, incapable of love or devoid of a sense of justice.

And having powers and capabilities far beyond those of normal human beings, were these gifts (for some of us think of them as gifts, truly) bequeathed to us simply so that we all might watch as things spiral downward, or will some of us do what we can to reverse the trend, to act, to fight for what we know to be right, no matter the cost to us personally?

There certainly are those of us who have chosen to use their powers to their own personal advantage, or at least so it might appear to them at first. But all of us have a soul, even those of us who are undead… and the souls of the undead are at even greater risk, because we cannot be reborn the way normal human souls are.

For us, the laws of karma are all the more important, because the evolution of our souls will take place throughout one long existence, and our progress along the path will be confined to this one body, with our spiritual evolution a real and present and obvious thing.

So where does that leave us?

To not act in the face of injustice is in itself a sort of action, a sin of omission, if you believe in such things.

And so, over these long years, I have acted, and fought for the things I thought were right.

Love, compassion and understanding have been my guiding lights, and the path of the greatest good for the greatest number is the one I have walked.

If I must be damned in order to save many others, so be it.

The sacrifice of one small soul, one small existence to save many others will always be worthwhile, and the paradox of allowing my soul to be corrupted and damned may very well in the end lead to my salvation.

Either way, I am willing to pay that price… for Cool, for the others, and for the many I do not know who may yet otherwise fall victim to the evil that we will soon face.

<TO BE CONTINUED> \/###\/

*314*2014-01-10 07:17

My dearest friends, fans and fiends, it's time for the latest chapter in the saga, and i hope that it will be to your liking.

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt.36)

FIGHT CLUB (Petra and Cool)

(sound track: As Time Goes By, performed by Dexter Gordon)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/8Rn_jguli8I?feature=oembed"

The holidays were over, and we were all back at work, training hard for the upcoming battle. The blades were getting a workout, as were the fighters wielding them.

Kat and Hannah were serious with their attacks now, and the twin gladii and katana would cause very nasty wounds if the rest of us had even the slightest lapse in concentration at this point. Neither of them had any wish to cause pain or injury, but it was the only way we could be sure we were all truly ready.

They both had to be hard on us now, because the ones facing us in the challenge might actually be harder still.

I actually felt bad for Cool.

Once River had switched from the katana to her fencing foil, she had been reborn as a capable fighter. Peter was already quite an old hand with his saber, and Vicky and I had gotten the hang of the katana easily enough, but my little omo sister was struggling a bit to keep up with the rest of us now, and Hannah was all the harder on her as a result.

The poor girl had finished up more than one training session in tears, and this time Hannah had actually been cold enough to say that she might as well just destroy her now if this sort of effort was all she was capable of.

And the tears had begun to fall again…

Embarrassed, we had all left the practice area except for her; she was alone with only her thoughts to keep her company.

She cried a lot now anyway; the transparent blue tear was always right there, behind her eyes, waiting to well up and fall.

River and I did what we could.

We would take turns holding her in our arms then, comforting her.

Cool could feel Hannah growing ever more distant as the challenge approached; whenever she had to fight now, it was like that; all business, mission critical, and all that rot.

The mission was like some demonic Kami possessing Hannah’s soul while she did what she needed to, but just because Cool knew why it was happening, that didn’t make it any easier for her to bear.

I came back a bit later, to find her still there, in the stairwell again. I could smell the familiar scent of vanilla clove cigarettes; one was burning carelessly even now between her fingers as she played.

She was playing another jazz standard, a ballad.

The way she played, OMG… it was so moving.

And she didn’t think she was any good?

Apparently, first she had cried… then, she had taken up her horn again to practice; the tenor sax this time, the one she only played when she was feeling especially blue. A few tears were still falling from her lovely jade green eyes, although they were closed tight.

Now all of that emotion was pouring out of her, into the saxophone, being translated from raw nerves and feelings into beautiful music, all her fear and anguish and frustration transmuted through some alchemical process into not just tears, but also sound waves.

I listened for a while without saying anything, just feeling what she was going through by means of our psychic link and marveling at her ability to channel and transform what were essentially negative thoughts into something so positive and beautiful.

I could truly hear and feel her pain… and her rising desperation.

In typical omo vampire fashion, she was inclined to hold more and hold it longer whenever she was feeling emotional strain. The pressure of a full-to-bursting bladder being maintained for as long as possible helped to distract us from whatever concerns we had, at least while it lasted. It was a technique I had used myself at times.

Now, her sadness and her urgent need to pee were beginning to overwhelm her; I could feel everything as the tears began to flow a bit more, and her small body was now writhing in time to the music, perspiring slightly and straining with the effort of holding back the main flood as a periodic trickle or two would escape to dampen her knickers a bit. Now I could feel her arousal added to the mix, the holding and the music transporting her into an altered state of consciousness, one where only the music and the sensations of warm wetness down between her legs mattered anymore.

I was beginning to grow damp down there myself, listening to her play and feeling what she was feeling all the while, and I let the urge and the emotion begin to take me as well. I couldn't help it. It was just too powerful; her sadness and her desperation had possessed me completely and there was nothing to be done except ride it out with her now.

Thanks to my little sister, I was now fully aroused and desperate myself, so ready to pee, and the feeling would be orgasmic this time, I knew from previous experience.

Now, all I could do was wait with her in sweet agony until she released me from her spell.

Finally, she ended on a sustained note with a quavering wide vibrato, followed by a short arpeggio. As she did, both of us began to wet ourselves in tandem, and as the hot 'blue' rushed from our privates, our arousal turned into the long anticipated simultaneous multiple orgasm we both needed so badly, our bodies shaking and trembling until we both could hardly stand it any longer. Still wetting myself, I leaned up against the railing in the stairwell, my legs barely able to support me for the time being.

It was as if she had wrung the last iota of sadness from out of her system with that wail, and she took the horn out of her mouth then.

When she opened her eyes again, I was standing there in front of her. The both of us were now wearing soaking wet jeans and standing in sweet fragrant clear blue puddles of our own making.

“Sis, that was amazing. You play so beautifully…”

“No, I suck…” she said, looking down at her feet.

“You’re supposed to suck; after all, you’re a vampire, aren’t you?” I said in reply, and then we both laughed, even though it wasn’t as funny as I’d hoped…

Through our psychic link, I could tell exactly what was bothering her.

It wasn’t so much fear of falling under the control of those evil vampires as what was happening between her and her beloved Hannah.

I tried telling her that Hannah would go back to being her old self again afterwards, once the challenge had been met.

“No, she won’t. It’s just so hard to see her like this,” Cool said, beginning to weep again. “She’s changing, you know.”

So the tears she shed were as much for our elder sister as for herself; that was just the way she was.

“You need to focus, sweetie,” I said to her. “The best way to help Hannah now is to help yourself. If you can at least defend yourself effectively in the fight, we’ll take care of the rest.”

“ Come on, sis,” I smiled. “Raise that blade high, and practice with me now. Practice makes perfect, you know.”

“Only if you practice perfectly!” Cool said, drying her tears on the sleeve of her hoodie and smiling back at me. We were still both wet, our tight jeans dripping with that warm 'blue', but it didn't matter right now.

She grabbed her katana, unsheathed it, and then she rushed at me rapidly, her assault violent and actually quite effective now.

I think her heart was in it this time…

<TO BE CONTINUED> \/###\/

*319*2014-01-17 12:44

Dear readers, it's that time again, another episode in our omo vampire tale has seen the light of day now...

Even if i haven't for a really long time. We hope that you will enjoy this one, and if you could find it in your hearts to leave a brief comment... well, we'd love that !

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 37)

PARIS SWING (Hannah, Kat and Victor)

Paris, France Late Fall, 1940

(sound track: Blues, by Django Reinhardt)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/0QOd7urjwTQ?feature=oembed"

The soldiers were getting boisterous.

A group of them had gathered in this small café which remained open despite the curfew, and now they were all drunk, harassing the waiters and insulting anyone there who had the unfortunate luck to look less than ideally Aryan in their eyes.

Now a few of them had come over to the table where Hannah, Kat and the thin man in the light grey suit were sitting, quietly nursing their drinks and doing their best to ignore what was going on around them.

“You, there! Yes, you,” the fat man who seemed to be their leader said. “Zigeuner scum! Soon we’ll eliminate you all, you low-lifes!”

Their uniforms were black, and bore the insignia of the infamous 3rd SS Panzer Division, the 'Totenkopf' or Death's Head.

Hannah’s eyes flashed red very briefly before she got herself under control, and she unclenched her hands and laid them on the table in front of her.

She forced herself to take a deep breath before answering.

“Actually, I’m not a Gypsy," Hannah then replied, very calmly.

"Him, now... he's a Gypsy. You can tell by the fire in his playing,” she said, gesturing towards the man playing jazz music with his group at the back of the small café, the two intact fingers of his left hand flying up and down the fretboard of his Selmer guitar, a lit cigarette dangling precariously from his lower lip.

“HE has dispensation from the Kommandant," the officer said with a wry smile. "A privilege which does not extend to you, I'm afraid. As for you... gypsy, Arab, Jew, whatever you are, it makes not one bit of difference,” he continued, his smile quite obviously evil now.

“You are all the same; you are all Untermenschen and we are better off without you in Germany, or here for that matter,” the man said as his black-uniformed fellow soldiers nodded in agreement.

“I think we should be going,” Kat said to Hannah, pointedly ignoring not just the man’s comments but even his entire presence. “I need some fresh air.”

She picked up her fur coat, and casually threw some francs on the table for the waiter. The man in the light grey suit rose, and wrapped his scarf around his face, then donned his own hat and coat as Hannah got up from her side of the table, put her heavy woolen coat on and the three of them left the café.

“Things certainly seem to have gone downhill rather rapidly since our last trip here, I’d have to say,” Kat said with a smile. “For a second, I really did think that you were about to rip that fellow’s head off right there in full view of everyone... not that he didn’t deserve it.”

“Believe me, I was sorely tempted,” Hannah answered with a terse smile of her own. “But we can’t afford to draw attention to ourselves if we can help it.

“Unfortunately, it seems we’ve already done that,” the man in the light grey suit said, his slight accent betraying his Czech origin as he glanced behind him.

“We’re being followed. I'm glad I was able to convince Ilsa to stay at home this time.”

“Calm down, Victor,” Kat said. “It’s probably just a coincidence that all those fellows left the bar shortly after we did, and that they happen to be heading in the very same direction as we are.” She smiled as she said that, though.

Kat loved to fight, and the more opponents there were the happier she was about it. At the moment, the odds were about 5 to 1.

“Don’t worry,” Hannah said quietly. “We’ve got this covered; I doubt that even they are stupid enough to try anything here in the middle of the street. But we certainly don’t want to lead them where we’re going.”

“Divide and conquer?” Kat asked with an eager grin.

“That sounds like a plan. Victor, you stay with me.”

At the next corner, Kat turned to the left, while Hannah and Victor went right. Just as expected the group following them split in half, with six of them shadowing Hannah and Victor and the rest going after Kat.

“Are you sure your friend will be alright?” Victor asked. “There are certainly a lot of them.”

“Actually, I feel sorry for them,” Hannah replied with a grim smile. “If they make the mistake of starting anything with her, they won’t live to see the dawn.”

“Well, it looks as if the ones behind us are getting closer.”

Hannah spotted an alleyway off to the side of the small side street they now found themselves on.

“This is as good a place as any,” she said. “Come on, in you go!”

She gave Victor a bit of a shove to move him further back into the dark alleyway before she entered it herself. Then she stood in front of him, almost fully concealed in the darkness.

“ You probably shouldn’t watch this,” she whispered to the man standing behind her.

“Hey, you!” the fat man said. “I didn’t like your friend’s tone back there, and I don’t like you either. I think we’re going to have to teach you a lesson.”

“The feeling is mutual, I assure you,” Hannah said calmly. “But you can still walk away from this without getting hurt.”

“And who would be doing the hurting, might I ask?” The fat man guffawed.

"Certainly not that coward hiding behind you like a little boy behind his mother’s skirt!”

The whole group of them had a good laugh at that, while Victor bristled and took a step forward, his fists clenched now.

“It is you who are the cowards!” he replied. “Look at you, six of you threatening a man and a woman! I will fight any one of you that you care to choose, one on one.”

Hannah held him back with one arm.

“They are cowards, without honour. I can read what is in their hearts and minds even without trying,” she said softly. “They mean to do us harm. So be it.”

Turning to the fat man once more, she said in a low voice, "It's your funeral..."

With a rustling sound, she disappeared from in front of the fat man and his companions, leaving them bewildered and confused for an instant, until she reappeared behind them blocking their exit from the alley.

She reached out to the nearest one, and with a razor sharp fingernail, she smoothly sliced through his jugular vein. Warm blood spurted violently from the wound, staining his black uniform and steaming as it hit the cold ground below. As he fell to his knees, clutching at his throat, the next man had barely registered what was happening before Hannah had killed him as well, her other hand’s fingertips penetrating cleanly into his brain straight through his eye sockets.

She rapidly withdrew her fingers, what was left of his eyeballs remaining speared on them like meat on a skewer before she flicked her hand, sending them flying off in the direction of her next victim. Pulling that one in towards her, she squeezed his throat and effortlessly crushed his windpipe with one hand before dropping him to the blood-stained ground like a child's discarded doll. Turning rapidly to the next man, she incapacitated him with a rapid kick to the kneecap, then with a quick stab of her hand she penetrated his chest and stabbed him through the heart. When she withdrew her hand, it was dripping with blood and gore.

All of this had taken mere seconds, and as the fat man now realized what had happened to his friends, his shock turned to sheer stark raving terror.

Finally, Hannah paused, licked her bloody fingertips and looked straight at him.

"MMMMmmm, tasty," she said, her smile exposing her sharp fangs now.

“You were saying?” Hannah asked the fat man, who was now gibbering and shaking like a leaf. “Oh, right... I’m ready for that lesson now, teacher,” she said sarcastically.

As she drew closer to him, the fat man began to urinate uncontrollably, his fear having gotten the better of his bladder. As the large wet spot stained the front of his uniform trousers and pee ran down his legs causing an acrid yellow pool of liquid to form at his feet, Hannah quite casually tore his head off, the blood spurting out like a red fountain and splattering over his friends’ bodies now as his own lifeless body joined theirs on the ground.

Now only a single figure remained standing between Hannah and Victor. Hannah approached him, and at first he raised his hands as if to try to fight her now, despite everything he had witnessed. Then, realizing how futile the gesture was, he lowered his fists and his head and simply waited silently, resigned to his fate. His face was in shadow, hidden by the darkness and the black cap he wore on his head.

Hannah gently cupped his chin with her hand, and raised his head so as to look directly into his blue eyes. She could find no trace of evil there, despite his uniform.

He was hardly more than a young boy, probably about seventeen at the most; a new recruit, no doubt.

" A minnow swimming with the sharks," Hannah said, and laughed softly.

"You'd best run along now, and be careful who you associate with in the future. It could cost you dearly next time."

She stepped aside to let the boy pass, but still couldn't resist giving him a good swift kick in his backside as he ran by her, tears falling now either from shame or perhaps from joy at his good fortune to have survived an encounter with this dark avenging angel of death.

Hannah started to walk away from the scattered dead bodies laying on the ground, not deigning to feed from such a tainted source no matter how much blood or urine there was available for the taking.

Even her finger-licking bit had been purely for effect, and she spat now to rid herself of any trace of their blood as her fangs retracted again.

“My god, what are you?” Victor cried as he turned from the bodies laying on the ground towards Hannah, shaking from head to toe himself now that the rush of adrenaline coursing through him was subsiding.

“What I am doesn’t really matter. Just be glad that I’m on your side, my friend.” Hannah replied, smiling grimly once again. Taking his arm firmly, she said, "Let's go find Kat now."

<TO BE CONTINUED> \/###\/

