To boldly pee:twilight sparkle

Author: Big Boss

*000*2014-02-13 08:39

I found this on fimfiction credit goes to the author Captain L

"Alright, Spike, I don't want any disturbances. Princess Celestia asked me to read all these books over the weekend, and I can't let anything keep me from it. Actually, would you mind leaving the library? You could go help Rarity."

Spike was walking down the stairs of the library, pulling a shirt over his head. "Actually, I was going to help Applejack. You'd be okay with that, right?" He briefly slipped, requiring a moment to rebalance himself.

"SPIKE! I told you to pay attention when you're going down the stairs! You could fall and hurt yourself!"

Spike finished putting the shirt on, and climbed to the bottom of the stairs. "Relax, Twilight. Dragon scales, remember? A tumble down some stairs isn't going to hurt me."

Twilight smirked at her assistant. "Is that so? Would you care to elaborate on why I had to kiss your 'boo-boo' once?"

"I was little!"

"Then there was the time you needed an ice pack..."

"I fell on my head!"

"And you also fell on your balls once..."

"HEY! You agreed to never talk about that one again!"

Twilight covered her mouth to suppress a giggle, and failed. "That was a fun day. All I hear is a crash and a baby dragon crying hard, and I find you curled on the floor, clutching your crotch."

Spike grumbled and rubbed the zipper on his shorts. "It wasn't fun on my end. I'm still not sure if I became sterile after that."

"Oh, quit complaining, you're fine. I've seen Shining take a lot more, and Cadence hasn't reported an issue."

Spike thought about what Twilight had said, and his eyes widened when he realized what she was referring to with her comment on the royal couple. "Ew! I'm leaving, have fun with your nerd stuff!" He walked out the front door quickly, slamming it behind him.

Now that he was gone, Twilight was starting to regret teasing Spike, as it did seem like she hit a nerve. That feeling passed when she looked at the stack of books she was going to read. "He'll be over it in a day."

She looked back to her desk and smiled. Most ponies would be upset or angry about having an assignment over the weekend, but not Twilight. Besides the joy of not disappointing her teacher, she got to read more books! And these were books she had never read before! A weekend with new books was exactly the sort of thing she needed.

This was Twilight's fantasy on how she wanted to spend a day. No disturbances, all reading, no reason to get dressed. She didn't have a problem getting dressed when she needed to, but she liked spending time in her pajamas. They were dark blue, had constellation designs, and most importantly, were very soft and warm. Wearing night clothes all day made her feel liberated, like she was a little girl again. Or that freedom could be due to her decision to forgo bras while in more 'casual' attire, as she was now. Not that she would ever share that, of course.

Twilight was ready to take on the day. Her chair was comfortable, the books were within easy reach, as were a few snacks, and a hot, full pot of coffee at the ready. She poured a mug and began sipping as she read the first line; "Far out in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end of the Western Spiral arm of the Galaxy lies a small unregarded yellow sun."

Twilight yawned and took her eyes off the book for the first time in hours. When her vision returned to reality, she realized that darkness had set in a long time ago. "So that's why it got so hard to read 10 chapters ago." She looked at the clock on the table. "I've been sitting here for 12 hours straight? Time flies." Holding the now empty coffee pot up, she licked her lips and realized she had gotten thirsty and hungry. Bags of snacks couldn't hold her over a full day without any meals.

"I haven't eaten today? I didn't eat breakfast before starting the books?" She went over the day's events. "I got out of bed, Spike was already up, he told me about the letter and the package, I looked at them, got excited, and gathered the supplies needed to get through the day. Then Spike left and...that was the day. I really should take breaks once in a while. Now I'm hungry, thirsty, and..."

She was interrupted by her body fully waking up after going numb from so long in one place, focused on one task. Now, it could give her all the signals it wanted to, every urge now a pressing need, every discomfort now multiplied with attention. And at the front of it all, the most important thing her body was telling her: "Oh sweet Celestia, I have to PEE!"

Twilight did another quick inventory of the day's activities, she confirmed that she had not used the bathroom when she had woken up. Which means the last time she had gone was..."It's been 24 hours?!" She suddenly really noticed that she did indeed drain a full pot of coffee over the day, finished hours ago, giving it more than enough time to travel through her system. Gulping hard, Twilight shoved her hands between her thighs, grabbed her crotch hard, and crossed her legs bad. Just in time too, her bladder caught up with the rest of her body, sending shooting desperation through her lower body.

Twilight was lucky she had started holding in time, but with the sudden internal pressure, her hands could only do so much. Spurts of warm urine began escaping into her panties, each one lasting 3 seconds at a time. It was all she could do to stem the flows once they started as she continued sitting as still as she was able in her chair. She didn't dare move her hands to check the damage, but the wet feeling on her hands was more than enough to tell she was in a bad position.

This was not the first time Twilight had been in a situation like this. She'd been an avid reader and done heavy studying most of her life. She had a tendency to lose touch with the outside world while reading, and there had been a few "bladder incidents" in the past. There was a period when she had just been accepted as Celestia's pupil, she was working harder than she ever had. A few "accidents" later, and her parents had to confront her about some kind of "protection". Luckily, she managed to talk her way out of something so embarassing, Spike would most certainly still be teasing her about that if it went through.

"What am I doing, thinking about the past at a time like this? I've gotta go bad!" Having some experience in the matter, Twilight knew standing up would be nothing short of begging for trouble, giving gravity the perfect chance to burst the dam and cause a flood. Her safest bet by this point was to do something to take care of the situation in her current position. The flaw with the plan was the limited amount of objects at her disposal, and her female genitalia would not help. Surveying everything in arm's reach, the best option she had was either the coffee mug or the pot.

"Maybe...NO! I can't do that!" Her aversion wasn't due to her perceiving the act as "gross" or "unwomanly", Spike wasn't around, she was alone, she could do whatever the fuck she wanted. No, the problem was that she had tried this sort of thing before in an earlier moment of desperation. The result was probably worse than just wetting her pants, and a lot more messy. Trying that again, without practice, when she has to go a lot worse, could only end poorly. "Note to self: practice relieving yourself into a container for future use."

"Wait, I have magic! Why am I limited to what's extremely close?" Twilight was really grasping at straws now, and she knew it. Magic, even the most basic telekinesis, required focus and concentration, two things she could not afford to spare. But considering she was also in a severe pinch, this was the best idea she had at the moment. So she reached out with her magic to a towel sitting on the other side, still there from yesterday when Spike had cleaned up a spill. "Thank you so much for not putting that away like I asked you to." She focused energy into her horn to perform one quick motion to get the towel to fly across the room, and..."Bad idea!"

By taking any attention away from her incredibly pressing need, she had allowed a small breach in her defenses. Her stream tried its best to continue flowing, forcing its way out of her hole. "Nonononono, please stop!" She did her best to clamp her hands down tighter, but it wasn't helping much. The crotch of her pants was moving far past dampness, they were starting to soak, it almost felt like she was peeing directly into her hands. And it was getting really hard to ignore how good it was feeling.

All the odds were stacking against her, and she was doing everything in her power to win the fight. She was starting to slow the stream, and she just needed one last push to remain in control. Best she could do, she leapt up and did every potty dance she could possibly think of. Finally, she managed to contain her personal waterfall, even if plenty of damage was already done. Streaks of urine were dripping down her pant legs, and her crotch was warm with tinkle.

But on the plus side, with the amount she had accidentally let out already, it relieved some pressure from her aching bladder. She still needed a bathroom incredibly badly and soon, but it at least afforded enough freedom to conceivably make it upstairs to the toilet, but only if she hurried. So, with no time to waste, she worked up the staircase, hands still firmly pressed against her privates.

For the stairs themselves, Twilight didn't have so much of a problem. It was once she reached the top that her need reared its head again, her bladder spasming, causing another leak. Twilight started to tear up from the pain. "Please...just hold on a little bit longer. I'm almost there." Of course, when her body needs its release now, it's not open to bargaining. The floodgates opened, and she could finally feel relief from her tortured holding. She'd be lying if she said it didn't feel at least a little good.

"H-hngh-n-no-ohhhhhh!" She was both moaning in ecstasy and in denial about what was happening. But there was no way she could avoid it. Twilight Sparkle, 19 year old mare, Element of Magic, personal student of Princess Celestia, was peeing her pants. She was in too much shock to move her hands from their original position, liquid running through her fingers, splattering on the floor loudly as it created a large puddle beneath her feet. Every part of the inside of her pants were absolutely soaked, and she could only imagine what her white panties were looking like now.

After minutes of her in the same position, slightly bent over, hands buried in her marehood, a yellow-tinged waterfall cascading from the same place, the stream finally stopped. She let out the breath she had been holding as it finally ended. She should have been a little more upset about embarrassing herself like this, but in reality, she was more than happy that she got to go at all. Her impossibly painful need leaving her body left a tingling sensation at the source, and Twilight knew she was going to have to take care of that soon.

But first things first, she walked into the bathroom she had been so set on reaching, and started stripping out of her pajama bottoms. Now that she no longer had her hands in the way, she could examine the damage in the mirror. The already dark blue fabric was now almost black and very shiny in the stained areas, which spread without break from the seam of the crotch, down the inside of both legs, and culminated at the ankles, no signs of slowing at any area.

She gripped the waistband of the pants and pulled them down, letting them drop to the floor. She could now look at what had happened to her underwear, and it wasn't pretty. The white material was now dyed yellow, at least in the bottom. Her dark purple coat was also affected, holding onto some of the water, creating a shine on her inner thighs. She removed the panties too, leaving her sensitive parts exposed. She was definitely going to need a shower.

Twilight stepped out of the clothing around her ankles and pulled off her shirt as she headed towards the bathtub, ready to just relax in cleaner warm water. But before she could turn the faucet, she remembered that she had left a massive puddle on her floor, and she couldn't just leave that there. She looked at the discarded pajamas and pondered putting them back on, uncomfortable as it may be, to get the necessary work done. She shrugged it off. "I'm alone in the house, no shame in doing the cleanup naked."

She picked up the wet outfit and dumped it in the laundry hamper as she made her way to the closet to grab a mop and bucket. "Really wish I had this back downstairs, this could have worked as an emergency makeshift toilet." She filled the bucket with water, poured a little soap into the mix, and began cleaning up her messes, the relatively minor accident on the chair, the drips up the stairs, and culminating in the gigantic embarrassment on the top floor. Satisfied with her work, she put the tools away and headed back to the bathroom, eager to give herself some much needed personal time.

Meanwhile, as Twilight was bathing herself, Spike finally returned after a long day at Sweet Apple Acres. He was tired and sweaty, but glad to be back. As he was walking towards the shower to clean himself off, he lost his balance on a patch of water. "Strange. I figured Twilight would have been too busy reading to do any housework today." Shrugging it off, he made his way to the bathroom door, where he heard the shower running. "Guess I'll have to wait, then."

He removed his shirt, sticking to his body with sweat, and pulled the hamper's lid open to throw it in. It was then that he noticed Twilight's pajamas, and a distinctive problem with how they looked. Curious, he pulled the clothes out, and felt dampness. The incriminating panties then fell out of the bunch he was holding, landing on side of the hamper, draped across the rim. Spike saw the very familiar yellow and smiled deviously.

Dear Princess Celestia,

Yesterday, as I was working very hard to complete the assignment you sent to me (no worries, I am still fully on that), I learned an important lesson that I really should have learned a long time ago. Even when doing something you absolutely love and are fully engrossed in, you should always have a few breaks to take care of yourself. Things could have ended up a lot worse if I didn't recognize my signs earlier.

Your faithful student,

Twilight Sparkle

My dear Twilight,

Yes. Spike sent me a message late last night about some "findings" he managed to come across. I had figured you learned this lesson years ago, as you have managed to go that long without one of these incidents. Nevertheless, as you still seem apt to ignore bodily functions in favor of reading, I had no choice but to notify your parents about what had transpired. They were disappointed in you, and requested that "certain measures" be taken about your problems. I have the feeling you know what they're referring to.

Your mentor,

Princess Celestia

