Megan's Sadistic Mother

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2012-03-03 14:36

Chapter One: Megan’s Bad Day at School

Megan, the five foot two, sixteen year old, light golden brownish-blond locks of sweaty hair sticking to her forehead, young junior had just opened the brown barrier with five panes of glass to her little two story house when her mother called out from the living room for her to come and talk.

Talking was the last thing on Megan’s mind at the moment. She had had a very stressful afternoon, and the only thing that could cure her of her depressing mood and nervous thoughts of what might be done for her transgressions, was a nice long warm bath. Aside from the stressful afternoon, there were still visible signs of the problem that she wanted to remove before staring into her mother’s concern and judging eyes. Her pale pink sweat pants looked much more hot pink around her crotch and her bum where the evidence of her misdeed clearly displayed her shame to tall.

“C…can it wait?” she called from the Entry way that had a large picture frame door way one each side of the main door and stairs going straight up to the rooms above, her desired destination. “I need to do something first,” she tried to sound as casual as possible about it though her body shook and her mind shuttered to think what her mom would say if she came out to see Megan’s condition.

“No, it can’t wait, young lady. If you don’t come straight here, you’ll be in a lot more trouble than you already are.”

“Maybe mom knows about my fifth hour class,” the green eyed girl started to feel tears blurring her vision as she approached the frame that peered into the living room.

There were two smaller sofas facing count-a-cornered towards an oversized digital television on the far right corner of the room along with an easy chair between the sofas. A low coffee table stood just in front of the television with a forgotten book laying upside down to keep a page open. In the wall touching the entrance to the room, but at the other end opposite of the television, there was another smaller door frame. On the left side of the room, closest to the entrance that Megan was peeking through, there was a large space with the family stereo and a book case across from the door. This space was normally used by her mom and Megan for working out in the mornings.

Sitting at the furthest end couch, and looking back over the back of the couch, her mother could see Megan standing at the doorframe, still hesitant to enter the room and give her mother a proper look of her clothes.

Jennifer was wearing light color glasses over her freckled redheaded face. Her green eyes eyed Megan up and down, and a brown sweater and blue jeans covered her body. Standing up, the woman towered over Megan at six foot one! She also had an athlete’s body which looked even more threatening when Megan was in trouble. Her mother walked across the rather large living room, and stood before her daughter looking down on her with a stinging glare of accusation in her eyes as she took in the condition of Megan’s pink top with puffed sleeves and her dingy faded sweats that had a hot pink patch running from her crotch down the insides of her legs.

“So, your principal called,” the woman started in a soft enough voice. “Apparently, my sixteen year old daughter cannot control her bladder at school, likes to insult the teachers, and on top of it, disobeyed the principal.”

“I… I…,” Megan started.

“Quiet,” Jennifer barked. “You were not asked to explain it. There is no explanation for what you did. You are either a baby that doesn’t know any better, or you were simply being as rude as possible to get out of your class. Now, just stand there for a minute and let me think.”

Megan knew that she didn’t want her mom to think too much about this. If her mother was allowed to think too long, she would surely arrive at the most terrible and humiliating punishment ever invented by man to pay for her lack of self-control, yet there was no way she could disobey her mother too, after all the other stuff. She didn’t want her mother to be anymore pissed off than she already was.

Her mother stood there glaring at her for a few minutes, and thinking about what she should do about her daughter’s terrible delinquent behavior. The smell of her daughter’s sweats reached her nose making it flare out in disgust and reminded her that her daughter was probably quite uncomfortable in those now fairly damp things as she had had quite a long while to dry.

“Mom, if I may,” Megan tried again to reach her mother before she had too much time to think of something unbearable. “I’d like to tell you what happened.”

Jennifer sighed. “Fine, come and sit on the floor in the living room and tell me what happened. You are not sitting on the sofa in those wet things.”

“Yes, mama,” Megan nodded trying to keep her composure though it was getting quite difficult to keep the tears from spilling down her face or to keep from sniffling out of the shame and fear of what her mother might decide to do to her for her behavior. She saw down cross-legged in front of her mother, her mother in the chair, and she on the floor, and with her had looking down in shame, she thought about the shame of the day.

It had started out normally enough, of course. She had walked to school, and upon entering the building had seen two her best friends, Heidi and Nicole sitting at one of the tables in the lunch room talking about their plans for the weekend. Nicole was a fairly slender girl with blond-golden hair and blue eyes who almost always wore a dress to school. Heidi was a chestnut brown headed girl with brown eyes but a fair complexion with a few brown spots that freckled around her face and halfway down her arms. Heidi almost always wore jeans and a colored blouse, this morning, the blouse having been a dark shade of green.

Some of the kids at school were still spreading around rumors about Nicole from about two weekends ago when her dad had a Sunday picnic for the entire town, and some of her classmates had seen the blond pee herself in the park practically in front of everyone. Anna, another of Nicole’s friends had threatened quite a few kids into silence because she was rather big and fairly known for getting in trouble for fighting. On top of that, Nicole’s boyfriend, a red headed boy named Rick had been also threatening kids when he heard them laughing at her. Still, it didn’t stop all the rumors, so Nicole must have been teased again when she got to school because Heidi had an arm round her and tried to comfort her.

Megan looked up at her mother for a moment, and though she sniffed quite noticeably and had tried to keep her tears back, still a water trail fell from her left eye streaking down her cheek and around to her mouth. How was she going to explain? She surely wouldn’t start by telling her mom about her friend’s problems.

She thought a bit more, her mouth tight and her eyes narrowed trying to find the best starting point. The first hour, driver’s education course had been okay. Nothing quite exciting or interesting had happened in that class, and she had walked to her Sociology class for second period. Now Mr. Kean, he was someone that she could live without, however, whether it was all his fault this morning, she wasn’t sure. All she knew, was that she was nervous about getting to his class on time because his class was on the other side of the school, and having already been late three times in the last two weeks, she was warned the last time that if it happened again, she would have her grade drop more than ten points in the class. She was determined not to be late ever again in that class because she couldn’t afford for her grade to drop more than ten points. Her mother would kill her if she brought home a D for a semester grade!

So, even though she had started to feel like using the bathroom from the middle of the first period, and was too nervous to ask permission to leave the class, she was also too nervous to come to the second class late, and that was probably the mistake that led to all her other problems. She sighed as she looked up at her mom’s waiting posture, taking in the impatience of her mom’s crossed arms and her twitchy frown.

“Well, are you going to tell me what happened?” her mother asked her raising an eyebrow. “You wanted the chance to explain why you had done what you had done at sixteen years old.”

“Y…yeah,” Megan said softly another tear rolling down her cheek from her right eye. “I’m just, collecting my thoughts.”

“You mean preparing to lie to me?” her mom asked her accusingly.

“No, honest, I won’t lie to you mom. I admit I peed my pants, okay?”

“Fine, get on with explaining or I’ll just punish you without listening.”

“Okay, I know it’s entirely my fault,” she started. She wasn’t so sure it was her fault, but she wanted to calm her mom down and to let her think she wasn’t trying to get out of getting in trouble. “But I had to pee since like first period, but you know the school rules, right? No one can leave the class unless they are called out for a reason or if there is an emergency….”

Her mother nodded and waited patiently. That was not an unreasonable rule as far as she was concerned and Megan knew it. So she thought carefully about how to proceed with the rest of her story so her mom could have some indication of how hard it really was.

“… well, you know that we are not supposed to be late for classes or we might get a bad grade,” she stalled for time to make sure her mother understood the situation fully before she went into her explanation of trying to hold it.

Her mom nodded. Again, this was not an entirely unfair rule as one of the purposes of high school was to teach high school students some work ethics, and being on time to work was a very good thing for them to learn.

“Well,” Megan sighed as she thought about the task of trying to explain how the two were connected in causing the whole problem. “Mr. Kean is really really strict about being on time. He doesn’t give you many chances before he’ll dock your grades for being late. And I was scared of asking to get out of driver’s education class early, so anyway, I held it until the end of the first hour….”

Megan felt two more tears fall down her face as she looked up at her mom wondering if she understood the problem yet. She thought about the whole situation as she recounted it for her mother. By the end of the first hour, she had been wiggling a bit in her seat, squirming even, and wondering if she should just ask to go, but the bell freed her before she had to ask.

“So anyway, I left the first class having to pee a little bit bad,” Megan told her mom. “Now my other class is on the other side of the school, so I had to walk there and do anything else I needed to do with in ten minutes,” she explained. “Well, I was nervous and thought I really had to hurry, so I kind of panicked and broke another school rule about running in the hallways….”

Megan looked down. She could feel the hatred for the teacher that had caught her burning into her soul as the teacher forced her to walk, and it was to walk back to where she had been caught running from, and to retrace her path in a more lady-like manner. This was agonizing, and she really wanted to scream at the woman that it was stupid to force a girl that was about to have an accident to walk, but she didn’t want to draw any more attention to herself as she blushed thinking that everyone was watching her have to retrace her steps because she had behaved like a child. In the nineteen eighties, they had people that challenged some rules, but for the most part, when a teacher said that something had to be done, most of the students looked at the student like it was his or her fault that he or she was in trouble, so Megan obviously felt too scared to say anything too loudly.

“Anyway,” Megan looked down to her crusty drying lap as she continued. “I was told to walk back again, and I tried harder to walk so that I wouldn’t be stopped again, and the problem is that by the time I got to the Sociology class, when I looked at the clock, I only had about two minutes left, and knowing how full the bathrooms always are, I knew I couldn’t go and not be late again.”

She covered her mouth as she realized she just told her mom that she had been late before. She wanted to hope that her mom had not noticed the word again, but as she sheepishly looked up at her mom’s attentive face, she could see her mom’s eyes narrow though she said nothing.

“I… I was scared of being late,” she faltered and repeated herself. “So I sighed and sat in my seat crossing my legs and hoped that I could get to the end of the period, or maybe Mr. Kean would notice that I was in trouble and he would let me go in the middle of the lesson,” she whispered her face blushing a bit as she remembered the awful feeling in her stomach.

Mr. Kean was at his desk grading papers when she had come in. He didn’t seem to have noticed anything until the bell rang and all of his students were facing the front waiting for him to begin class. As was the custom for his class, he turned on a news clip that lasted about ten minutes, and the students wrote about one or two of the events mentioned.

Megan had her “News Journal” out and her pencil hovered over her paper. Her legs under her desk were in constant motion now, and her knees rubbed each other while her thighs tried to find a comfortable holding position that would best keep the situation from growing any worse. She couldn’t concentrate on the news at all, and consequently didn’t write anything at all.

“So after the current events moment,” Megan told her mom leaving out both that she failed to write anything and that she was rubbing her thighs so desperately together for fear of wetting herself, “he had us open our books to start reading about how social classes are borne into different parts of the world.”

The reaching over to the side to look in her bag was torture as she pulled her left leg over the top of her right to keep enough pressure on her growing troublesome condition, and she pulled out the book, but now she was stuck sitting on just one cheek of her butt as she had to use all the strength of her new position to keep from letting any liquid out. She looked up at the clock and then up to Mr. Kean. Ten minutes into class was too soon. He would definitely be upset if she asked to go this soon. She would wait a little bit more, and then ask. Maybe he won’t be so mean if she looked like she didn’t come from break having to go.

“Ms. Megan,” he said in mock respect. He had always used mister and miss with his students’ names even though he rarely really showed them much respect besides that. “Please stand and read,” he had asked of her at about twenty minutes into class.

“Okay, I can do this,” Megan remembered thinking. “Once I read, I’ll ask to go to the bathroom,” she told herself, and she carefully and slowly stood up trying to put on a smile though she had to squirm a little in place as her legs found another comfortable holding posture so she could read.

“Anyway, I was reading for my turn,” Megan explained to her mom, “and suddenly this really bad cramp told me to ask right now.” Tears were now streaming down her face as she looked in her lap. “I couldn’t wait anymore, and I stopped reading before he told me I could and I looked up at him.”

Her mother looked at her stoically, so she wasn’t sure what her mom was thinking. Was she mad that Megan had to stop reading to ask, or was she mad that Megan had waited all that time, or was she just mad that Megan didn’t even go during break? Every one of those things had made Megan nervous at the time. Did her mom understand? But there was no emotion or sign that her mother’s anger had changed any.

Megan continued to tell her mom after but a brief glance to see if her mother was going to say anything at all.

Megan remembered feeling a little bit start to leak past her squeezing legs just before she stopped reading, and looking at Mr. Kean to try to assess whether she dared to tell him that she had to take a break, but the leak had reminded her how bad it was so that she didn’t care what he thought, she had to ask.

“So, anyway, halfway through my turn to read,” she told her mother through a growing whiny voice both because she was scared her mom didn’t understand, and also because she felt the same shame and sinking feeling that she had when she had started to lose it. “I stopped and looked up at Mr. Kean. I didn’t tell that I had already started to leak,” her face burned. “But I told him that I couldn’t hold it anymore, and please could I go to the ladies’ room.”

Her mother sighed as she watched her child sniffled a bit and as she got her whimpering under control enough to continue the story.

“He just looked at me with my legs cross for a minute,” Megan continued.

The teacher had closed his book and looked shocked. He stared into her eyes and walked upon her, his form ever more threatening causing her to spill a little bit more urine into her panties. The material right next to her soft girl parts was now moist and slimy. Her legs were squirming. She didn’t dare move her feet apart at the moment.

“Let me get this straight,” Mr. Kean said in a low tone, but because of the sudden quietness of the class caused by his exaggerated moment everyone heard every word. “You are what, about sixteen years old, and are telling me that you are just moments from peeing your pants like a little kid?”

Megan’s face had dropped.

“He told everyone just like that,” she was now crying a bit as she tried to say the words. Her throat was starting to feel raw again. He had made it seem like it was completely her fault for following the rules.

Her mother started down at her daughter, her jaw quivering just a little, and her eyes relaxing just a little, but there was still no indication that her mother was going to relent from punishing her.

“No, no,” she whispered wanting to put that image out of everyone’s mind thought that was what she was already starting to slowly do. “It’s just, it hurts really bad. Please?”

He shook his head. “If it’s not an emergency, then you can sit down and I’ll have someone else read.”

If she admitted it was an emergency, then everyone would think she was a little girl that was about to pee her pants. If she said no, she would pee her pants. She weighed what he said, and she whispered. “Okay, I’m already leaking. Please?”

“Are you telling me you are already wet?” he asked her his voice carrying.

“No,” she whispered her face extremely hot and she knew it was nearly purple-red with embarrassment. “I mean, I’m about to wet,” she was shaking as she stood there, and she felt a little more warmth slip into her panties making her butt a bit more wet and it started to slip down her legs.

“If you are wet, go get a diaper from the nurse. If not, sit down and be quiet,” he told her turning away from her.

Megan was mortified. She couldn’t wear a diaper at school, and if she left the room, everyone will think she had a diaper on the rest of the day. She sat down and put her head on her desk. She was careful to keep her legs closed tightly around her mound, and she put her left hand between her legs to try to pinch it off using the tips of her fingers to push into the cotton material of her pink sweats to help.

Some of the kids started to whisper behind her back, but Mr. Kean tapped his book with his hand, and called the students’ attention back to the lesson. He went on as if there was nothing to see, but Megan could hear whispers around her. When they thought Mr. Kean wasn’t looking, they were still trying to get a look at the unfortunate girl that was still trying to hold on.

Megan looked up at her mom. “…And I heard people whispering around me that sounded like they were guessing about whether I was going to wet my pants.” Her face was as red as it was in class at that point earlier in the day.

Her mom finally had something to say. “Well, it’s not like you are a child. You should have realized that if you were going to be in that situation, the smart thing would have been to ask him at the start of class to come a few minutes late and to explain the emergency and everything at that point.”

Her mom’s face had softened a lot, but she still didn’t look like she was going to completely forgive Megan’s mistake. Megan looked up at her. She bit her lip. “And then it suddenly happened, and I wet my pants,” she finished.

“Yes, if that was all that you had done, then I might have given you a pass,” her mother smiled weakly at her. “But there is more to the story, isn’t there?”

Megan nodded. She didn’t want to tell the rest of it, because of course she was upset, and that feeling of peeing herself in class had caused her to over re-act. She remembered it too vividly what she had happened.

Megan sat there, her head down, her left hand now inside her sweats pushing right against her damp panties, and her right hand rubbing her side. She was just about to pee her pants again, as she looked up and saw him turn his back to her to write on the board. Then, a little stream pushed against her fingers, grew into a stronger stream, and finally became a river. It started by warming her panties, making a little lake in the depression of the wooden chair, and then started raining down the sides of her chair, but still the man didn’t seem to notice anything wrong.

Her ears burned, because all around her, her classmates were already pointing and laughing in whispers about the wetting high school girl. She sat there for just a couple of minutes, taking the insults silently, before she finally stood up and she said one word in Mr. Kean’s direction. “Bastard!” and she walked out of the classroom everyone staring at her wet sweats.

She walked down the hall, and found a step to sit on to calm down. She was too embarrassed to go to the office for a change of clothes and too scared to call home and tell her mom that she wet herself like a little kid. She just sat there as some kids started to leave the other classes because of the ending bell. Many kids passed her without saying anything, and whether they noticed or not, she couldn’t tell because no one really had time to think about it at that moment. At that moment, for all she knew, the only kids that knew of her condition, were all in her sociology class getting ready to go to another class.

Megan had just sat there, and waited for the halls to clear. Then, there was an announcement on the school intercom. “Custodian code 22 in room 223. Custodians, code 22.”

She knew that they were talking about her, and she now learned that a 22 was a student in wet pants. But that was soon forgotten when the next announcement came.

“Megan, if you are still on school grounds, report to the principal. If Megan Brown is on school grounds, report to the principal. You better hope you are here!”

Megan sighed. Now everyone heard her name, and everyone knew that she was in trouble. She picked herself up from the ground and walked slowly to the office. Peeking in, she could see only the office staff, but on the office staff, was Angela, one of the snottiest classmates in the school. She sighed and then pushed the door gingerly open.

“Excuse me,” she whispered to the office lady that was on one end of the counter the furthest from her classmate. “The principal wanted to see me?”

“Yes, you may go right in,” the lady smiled and gestured towards the open door to his office.

“So you did report to the office after you called your teacher a naughty word,” her mother clarified to make sure she understood just how much trouble her daughter was in.

Megan nodded. “It just slipped out, mama. If he didn’t say it like that and tell me to go get a diaper, I wouldn’t have wet my pants.”

Jennifer nodded and continued to listen.

The principal was sitting behind his desk when Megan came into the room in her sopping wet sweats. He looked her up and down, and he smirked at her. “So, you told your teacher something rude, and you wet your pants like a little kid,” he summed up her offences for her.

Megan nodded.

“And he told you to go see the nurse, but you just sat in your chair?” he asked her.

It wasn’t that simple! But, what could Megan say or do about it? Obviously, the man had gotten his whole say before she did. Maybe it was stupid of her to just go sit on the steps rather than go to the nurse as she was told. At least if she had told the nurse, maybe her side of the story would have come out a bit more clearly. Now, whatever she said, it would look suspiciously like a lie to cover up what she had done wrong.

“Since you decided that going to the nurse was not important to you, for a change of clothes,” the man looked as if he didn’t care. “I guess you would be okay to report to your third hour as you are.”

Megan looked at him and blinked. He couldn’t be serious. “But, I’m wet,” she admitted to him feeling like this nightmare was not going to end. “Please don’t do that to me.”

“Don’t do what to you?” the man asked looking straight in her eyes. “You decided you didn’t need to change by not going to see the nurse. Now, you will report to your third hour, and if you don’t, I will know, and I’ll call your mom. I’m going to call her anyway about the wet sweats.”

Megan felt tears running down her face. “It’s not fair! I asked to go to the bathroom, and I did try to hold it,” she said trying to argue her point.

“I said to go to class,” the principal carelessly waved her sobs away. “Now, or I’ll have your mom come and pick you up, and then you will wear a diaper all next week to school, and without any pants on so everyone will see it.”

Megan’s mouth dropped. He couldn’t do that! There’s no way they’d let him! Still, she didn’t want to push her luck. She was already in enough trouble, and just maybe, if her mom agreed that she had to be punished, maybe he would get her to put her diapers for school.

“So the principal sent me to third hour all wet,” she looked at her mom. “Of course, being more than twenty minutes late with a pass from the office, and showing the teacher the pass at the front of the room, everyone knew I was wet.”

She had reached the end of the first experience. At least, that was all she could tell her mom. The humiliation went on all day, but past that, there wasn’t much that her mom would understand. Her mom would think she deserved it, if she still didn’t think Megan had acted reasonably.

“Go to your room while I think about what you said, get your soaking wet clothes off, and lie down in a fresh pair of panties. I’ll be up in a bit to tell you what I’ve decided,” her mother finally told her.

Megan climbed the steps to the second floor feeling a little relieved that in a moment or two, she would be able to get her wet sweats off. But that was just the first time she had peed her pants that day. There was the fifth period after lunch, too.

Megan was finally dressed in a clean pair of pink panties and a white undershirt and lying on her stomach on her bed going over the rest of the day.

By lunch time, everyone had heard what happened, and there was proof right before them when they saw Megan. Even her friends saw her wet when she went to get lunch with them, but rather than being mean like everyone else, her friends told her to get in Nicole’s car, and Nicole, Anna, Heidi, and Megan all went to get lunch somewhere else. They used the drive up so Megan wouldn’t have to go in and show everyone what she had done, and they ate in the school parking lot.

It felt good to get away from the school for an hour, and to just be with friends who were trying to act like nothing had happened, though Heidi did keep looking down at Megan’s wet pants. She figured that Heidi couldn’t help it though, and that if Anna or Nicole were in the back seat with her, they would have been looking from time to time too. It made Megan a little nervous every time she caught Heidi looking, and Heidi also blushed when she noticed that Megan had caught her.

“So, what are you going to tell your mom when you get home?” Heidi had asked her.

“I don’t know,” Megan had truthfully said. “I can’t lie to her though because my mom will find out anyway, and the principal already told me he was going to tell her. I’m not even allowed to change and if I do, I’ll be in more trouble,” she told her friends.

“That’s just mean,” Anna said her face set in anger. “I think the principal should be in trouble for doing something like that to a student.”

Megan shook her head. “It was my fault,” she had finally decided even then that it was. “I should have just tried to use the bathroom even though I might be late.”

Heidi reached over and gave her a hug. “I hate some of the teachers,” she whispered. “Some of them are just too strict. I don’t think it was your fault at all.”

Megan felt happy to see that all of her friends agreed that it wasn’t her fault, but she knew that it was, and that when her mother heard, that she would be in some kind of trouble. She opened her eyes and looked around her bedroom.

She was lying on the double bed with a canopy. Her curtains matched her canopy in the lavender color, and her dresser had a teddy bear painted on each side of it. Her desk was where she normally did her homework, and next to it, she had shelves of her favorite books along with her diary. She could write in her diary, but she wasn’t sure she wanted this kind of thing in it.

She sat up, and looked towards her door which was also painted lavender with four teddy bears spaced around it. She remembered her mom painting those guardians on her door for her when she was about seven, and had come to her mom’s room in the middle of the night for the last time.

“You are too old to be getting scared of your own room,” her mom told her sternly at that time. “But I can understand why you are scared. You don’t have any guardians to keep monsters out of your room, so tomorrow, we’ll paint some guardians on your door and on your dresser that will only come to life and scream if a monster sneaks into your room. While they are quiet, then all is peaceful,” she had told Megan.

It was a simple lie, but it had worked and since then Megan was never scared of her own room. Actually, her room became her sanctuary whenever she had a big problem, and her mom sending her to her room, had to know that even though Megan was in trouble, that she would feel a little bit more at ease when she saw the teddy bears.

*002*2012-03-03 22:34

{{:

This is really great, I definitely look forward to see if you will write more to this hopefully?

}}

Thank you. I do plan to write more. I actually have the next three chapters already written. I was just going to feed a little at a time to see how people take to the idea.

*003*2012-03-04 00:08

Chapter One: Part 2

Megan turned her back to the door, and she thought about what had happened just after lunch. She was halfway into class, and she felt had felt another cramp in her stomach telling her that she had an emergency for the second time that day. While not waiting between classes was definitely learned earlier that day, so was drawing attention to her need to pee.

She sat near the back by a window in her English fifth hour class, and the strictest teacher known to the school stood at the front of the room teaching the students something about metaphors. Megan rubbed her stomach as the teacher used some strange reasoning with them about what a symbol was and how it related to a metaphor.

She looked up at the clock noting that class had only started about ten minutes earlier, and with Mr. Hatenburg, there was no way he’d let her be excused from class just after having a full hour of lunch time to take care of herself. She would have to just sit there and wait and hope that no one noticed her wiggling. Her pink sweats were already tattle-tales about her earlier problem, and there were already students around her that snickered at her already damp clothes.

Megan’s shiny eyes looked down at the paper she was taking notes on, her vision blurred from the unspent tears that threatened to spill down her face because she wasn’t sure she was strong enough to last the whole period without another problem, and two accidents in one day was just too much to bear.

Megan could still hear murmurs of different boys and girls pointing at her and whispering as she sat there worried about what had happened earlier that day.

She grew restless again and stood up from her bed and walked over to her desk to write something in her diary. It was the only way she could get the images to stop coming. Her mom was downstairs thinking of some way to punish her for everything that had happened, and she was already tortured by the entire day’s events. Though she’d rather die than go back and face her peers the next day, she knew that her mother wouldn’t allow her to skip a class.

“So, I was in fifth period, already wet from earlier,” she wrote in her diary.

“Say, Miss Pee pee,” one of the kids teased. “Did you get to the bathroom before this class, or are you going to show us what you did in Sociology?” one of the girls asked her when the teacher’s back was turned.

“Grow up,” she growled back at the girl trying to keep her temper and voice in check.

“But wouldn’t you know it?” she wrote in her diary. “Stupid Hatenburg chose that moment to turn around and catch ME talking.”

“Do you have something to share with the rest of the class?” he asked her as he approached her desk. “If not, then stop talking and take notes. This stuff if likely to be on your semester final.”

Megan blushed and nodded as she readied her pencil to show him that she was ready to take notes. The young girl near her smirked when Hatenburg had turned his back, whispered to someone next to her.

Megan’s face fumed. It was HER doing that had gotten Megan in trouble, yet again. Was she not going to get out of school without thoroughly ticking off the principal getting her mom really upset? She had to try to just ignore the snob that sat two seats away from her to her left.

Megan’s legs were already wiggling again, and pressing hard against her wet hairy lips that were hidden inside her damp panties. She wasn’t sure she was going to last much longer into the period, and she really feared going back to see the principal over a second time of wetting that day. She was starting to get some sweat water near her hairline as she panicked about what she could do to avoid getting into trouble again. She was on the very verge of a repeat from earlier.

Timidly, she raised her hand.

It took the teacher ages to see her hand, but he finally saw it, and when he called on her, she whispered her problem. “May I please be excused for a minute?”

“No you may not,” he looked her in the eye. “You know you can only leave the classroom if you are called out by the office.”

“I… but… um… it’s an emergency,” she felt tears stinging her eyes. She wouldn’t wet again, she couldn’t!

Megan paused as she looked at her diary for a moment thinking about how to word what happened without sounding like a baby. That was when her bedroom door opened, and her mother stood there with her arms crossed.

“I thought about everything you said,” her mother whispered to her from the doorway. “I’ve decided that you have been punished enough for today. Just don’t let me catch you being that immature again, or you may not like the outcome. Now get some clean pajamas together and go take a bath. You probably feel all icky from wetting your pants.”

Megan smiled up at her mom, closed her diary, and went to her dresser to comply. At last, someone was acting like they understood how she felt, and for the first time that day, she would truly relax not feeling like she was in trouble anymore.

The hot water filled the small bathroom with steam, and the bubbles in the tub cheered her up a little as she climbed in. She would be extra careful at school from then on to never get caught in the traps she had been in that day.

As she soaked in the tub, her English class terror came back to her. She had been waiting for another twenty minutes, and the teacher was not going to excuse her, so she sat there, and she tried to control the streams as much as she could, but she slowly peed her pants in class again. By the time the bell had sounded, Megan was soaked and several students were staring at her instead of preparing to leave which drew the teacher’s interest. Since when did sixteen year olds not hurry from his classroom when the bell rang?

Upon approaching Megan, his eyes grew two sizes.

“I’m sorry,” she whispered up at him, but he took her by the arm and stood her up. “You peed your pants in my class?” he said sounding quite offended. “What the hell is wrong with you?” he yelled. He put his hand on her bottom and felt her to be sure that it was indeed pee, not wanting to believe what his eyes told him.

Megan just stood there, scared to say anything.

“This is ridiculous,” he whispered to her. “You need to go straight to the office!”

He then swatted her butt in front of everyone three times.

“You aren’t allowed to do that,” she turned on him and glared at him.

“Don’t even talk to me about what your rights are,” he admonished her. “You pissed your pants like a bad little girl that should know better, and regardless of what you think, you need to be punished when you misbehave!”

The then swatted her twice more. “That’s for back mouthing,” he grabbed her arm and force-marched her to the principal’s office. He didn’t just drop her off, but actually knocked on the door with her, and steered her right in to the office to face the principal for the second time.

“She’s pissed her clothes in my class,” he looked from teary eyed Megan to the principal. “I didn’t realize I was watching babies,” and he then turned on his heel and left the office.

The principal walked over to the door and closed it trapping Megan in there to talk to him. “What is it with you today, young lady?” he asked her. “You wet your pants earlier, you don’t act like you want to change, and then you basically repeat that behavior yet again even after I punish you by sending you to class in wet pants. Do you want a spanking or something?”

“You aren’t allowed,” Megan looked up at him tears falling down her face. “Teachers are not allowed to spank students anymore.”

“Where did you hear that?” he asked her as he reached into his desk drawer for a belt.

“The news—if you spank me, my mom can sue you for a lot of money and even get you in jail for it.” Her words were trying to sound grown up, but her eyes were crying, she was shuttering to try to keep from whiny, and her nose sniffled.

“For your information, you misunderstood. I am the principal, and it would be neglect if I didn’t teach you right from wrong. And now, you are back mouthing, and that will earn you extra swats.”

Megan’s eyes narrowed. “I’m NOT going to bend over.”

“Suit yourself,” He said as he took careful aim. She suddenly felt a sudden slap of leather across her soaked sweats and it stung her bottom badly as the strap wrapped itself around her left thigh. He continued to spank her, and as she realized that standing made it worse as the belt went more places than in a controlled spanking, she bent over for him and was crying by the third swat. He gave her two more, very controlled swats directly on her bottom, and then pulled her up.

“Since you are too childish and cannot be trusted to sit in class without peeing your pants, just go to the detention room for your last period and work on your homework in there.”

Megan’s head was now lowered as she continued to softly sob. She walked into the detention room, all eyes going directly to her, and then her soaked sweats, but she didn’t even look to see who saw her like that. She was already too broken by the paddling and the dressing down from the principal. She knew he was going to tell her mom what she had done.

Megan came out of her reverie and sighed. It had been a difficult day, and she had totally reflected on everything, something she was sure that both her mom and the principal had wanted of her. She didn’t see any good from it, but she had thought about what she had done, and she was going to try to use the bathroom between classes even if she was late.
