Megan's Sadistic Mother

Author: Ishigreensa

*012*2012-03-06 01:37

Edit: Forgot to warn when I first put this up: This one has a really messy diaper in it, and Anna has to check the girls.

Chapter Four: Anna’s Awkward Role

Up in Megan’s room the only girl that was not in a sleeping shirt and diaper, was Anna. The others had tried to put on something more, like shorts or even sweats, but the diaper just was too difficult to slip something over it. Heidi had tears in her eyes.

“I don’t even wet the bed,” Heidi told her friends. “She just saw my stained panties from a long time ago because it was the only pair I had this morning.”

Anna walked over to her and put an arm around her. “It’s okay. It’s not like this secret is leaving this room. Jennifer doesn’t plan on telling anyone about Megan as far as I can tell, and she made me promise not to spread rumors. Not that I would anyway. No one is going to think of this,” Anna sighed. “But I… I have to tell you something. She is making me check you and clean you up if you use the diaper,” Anna whispered. “If I don’t, she’ll put one on me, and I don’t want to tell my mom I had to wear a diaper.”

“It’s okay,” Nicole whispered to Anna. “We know you are just doing what you can to stay out of diapers. We’ll let you do whatever you need to do.”

Heidi looked at Nicole for a second thinking about it. She didn’t want to be checked or to use the diaper, or to even have it on, but knowing that she’d do what she could if she had the option, she also nodded. It wasn’t Anna’s fault that Jennifer had robbed her of her dignity.

The girls were soon asleep peacefully in the large bed, two on the one end and two at the other end. Despite the diapers, the girls had not really had a bad time talking and daring each other and Nicole was even asked if she had allowed Rick to touch her in places.

The next morning, there was a little sound of water pooling in Megan’s ears, and then she realized that not only was her own diaper wet, but that the girl next to her, Nicole, must have been relieving herself in her sleep. She smiled. It wasn’t Nicole’s fault if she had an infection or something. Megan sat up and looked around her bed at her sleeping friends. Then she carefully slipped off of the bed to go sit in her chair at her desk to write in her journal.

Dear Diary,

My poor friends had a sleepover with me last night, but I’m really sorry for my mommy’s behavior. I don’t understand why they have to wear diapers just because of stained panties or just because one of them has an infection. It’s not like they are five, and I’m her child. It’s one thing to put me in diapers, but my friends? I wish I knew what to do about it.

Megan sat there a moment, and she felt her stomach sending signals to her abdomen. It wouldn’t be the first time to be stuck in a diaper when she had this happen, but it was really going to be embarrassing if Anna changed her and she saw too much of a mess. She held her stomach and tried to keep her muscles under control. She couldn’t bear Anna seeing her do anything worse than wet her diaper.

On the bed, another sleepy head started to rise. It was Heidi, and seeing Megan out of bed, her diaper clearly in view as she sat at her desk, Heidi decided it wasn’t going to hurt to get up. She had nothing to hide. Her diaper was dry.

“Morning,” Heidi whispered to Megan. “I’m guessing we aren’t allowed to use the toilet until we get these off?” she asked her.

Megan nodded.

“I guess I can a little longer,” Heidi responded. “It must be unbearable always having to wait to get your diaper off before you are allowed to go.”

“I… I just wet my diapers now,” Megan admitted. “It’s easier, and it makes mommy happier, I think.”

“It makes her happy when you wet your diaper?” Heidi asked confused.

Megan nodded.

“How do you know?”

“Well, when she changes a wet diaper, she always smiles, and she ends up missing any other mistakes I’ve made like not cleaning something up or even overlooking a bad paper, but if I’m dry when she wakes me up, then she seems to look for mistakes and finds lots of them to harp on about.”

“Do you think she expects me to wet my diaper?” Heidi asked her a little shocked.

Megan nodded slowly not really knowing how to put it into words.

“What do you think she’ll do if I don’t wet the diaper?”

“I don’t think she can really do anything to you,” Megan whispered looking down. “But she might tell your mom about the pee stain in your panties.”

Heidi’s face blushed. Her mom had to know about them though because her mom always washed her clothes. Then again, would Jennifer say that she caught Heidi wet, rather than just seen a stain? Did she dare take that chance? Her mom would kill her if she found her wet.

“Will your mom say I wet my pants to my mom?” Heidi asked Megan.

“I don’t know, but she might. You had a bad stain in them.”

“Will she say anything if I wet the diaper?”

“Maybe if you don’t say anything, or act too upset about it, then she’ll let it go.”

Heidi blushed and thought about it again. She had not wet herself on purpose in twelve years, and she wasn’t sure she could even do it, but she was really scared of what Jennifer would tell her own mother. Her mother might believe Jennifer since she did have an accident at school just the previous year.

“I don’t even know if I can wet myself,” Heidi whispered.

“I’m sorry,” Megan looked down at her lap feeling the cramps a bit stronger herself.

Over at the bed, the other two girls were starting to wake up. Anna looked up at Megan who was at her desk holding her stomach, at Heidi who was looking a little nervous and then at Nicole who still had the blankets over her diaper. She knew what she had to do, but she dreaded it. She stood up and walk out to the bathroom to use it and to give herself some extra time before she’d have to rub her hand over her classmate’s bottoms to see if they felt heavy.

Megan watched Anna leave the room, and then she looked from Heidi to Nicole. She whispered to them both. “Anna is nervous because my mom wants her to check us. I think to make it easier for Anna, we should just let her, and I’ll go first to encourage her that it’s okay.”

The other two girls nodded. Heidi was just about to let some leak when the door opened again revealing Anna and she stopped it before anything came out. Megan however, could feel her stomach trying to push again, and blushing bright read, she tried to squeeze her bottom muscles together to keep herself from making a big mess. Nicole looked at the other two girls and pulled down her blanket.

“Anna,” Nicole whispered. “I need to be changed. You can do me first so the other two are less embarrassed.”

Megan’s mouth dropped. Hadn’t she said she’d let Anna check her first, now she had to wait a bit longer scared about Anna feeling her poop in her diaper if it came out, while Anna proceeded to the bed. “I… I still have to… you know,” she told Nicole. “I’m afraid her mom will find out if I don’t.”

“Okay,” Nicole blushed. She opened her legs, and Anna pushed at the sagging material to feel that indeed it was a bit heavy and even damp. She wiped her hands on her panties and then took Nicole by the hand down to the living room where the changing table was. Megan and Heidi followed since they knew that Anna had to check them too, and if they were not allowed out of the diapers soon, Heidi knew she’d be wet pretty soon anyway.

Anna and Nicole were in the living room quite quickly, actually, but halfway down the stairs, Megan doubled over and held her stomach the pangs of her body telling her that it had to empty itself, had made her stop. Heidi also, near the last few steps of the stairs, suddenly squatted down and started to spray pee into her diaper from between her legs.

Heidi squatted for only about a minute before her diaper started to sag and become damp enough that a water mark started to appear around her butt. She then stood up and walked the rest of the way down and around the corner.

Megan, however, with a brightly flushed face, doing everything she could, even putting her hand into the back of her diaper and closing her butt cheeks closed manually, tried to keep the mess inside her from filling the diaper until Anna had checked. It would be bad enough to poop herself and Anna see it and change it, but must worse for Anna to touch her with it in her diaper.

She turned all shades of red, not as much from embarrassment, but from the sheer effort of trying to keep it from billowing out, but it was to of no avail. She started to feel it slip, and she pulled her hands out of her diaper in a hurry feeling that it would be even more disgusting to have felt the poop raw.

She kept turning her face colors though and kept trying to suck it back up inside, and for a minute, she thought it was going to go back up inside, but then a massive push betrayed her, and it came billowing into the seat of her diaper pushing it further down. She squatted there for several minutes filling her diaper with the mess and some more urine before Anna came back around the corner for her.

Anna took her hand having guessed that the girl had just wet herself on the stairs and took her to the changing table. Then, she felt the bum of her friend’s diaper, and her face immediately turned crimson as did Megan’s. She could tell that Megan was a much worse mess, and Jennifer had not taught her what to do if Megan was a mess.

“Lie down on the table,” she instructed Megan. “I… I have to get your mom for this.”

Megan nodded knowing that all of her friends either knew or would soon see that she had completely messed her diaper.

“Jennifer,” Anna knocked on the bedroom door. “I… I need your help.”

Jennifer walked to her door and opened it, her breasts showing but she had on some black panties. “What is it, Anna?”

“It’s Megan,” she blushed. “I… she… she didn’t just wet,” she whispered.

“Yeah, Megan sometimes poops on herself in the mornings,” Jennifer shrugged. “What do you need?”

“What do I do?”

“Just wipe her clean and put a clean diaper on her like everyone else. I’ll be down in a little bit.”

Anna nodded and walked away from the door and slowly down the stairs. She really didn’t want to change a sixteen year old girl’s nasty diaper, but if she didn’t then she might be put in a diaper, and anyway, Megan might have to wear it until she does.

Anna came into the living room and sighed.

Nicole and Heidi both went back to the bedroom to make the bed and clean up after themselves in order to give Megan a little more privacy. Heidi especially felt bad for her. “Here I was, just thinking how terrible if I wet my diaper,” she talked in low tones to Nicole, and poor Megan actually did that.”

“Yeah. It’s probably habit now, judging by what her mom does to her. Let’s just try not to think about it or say anything where anyone will hear us. It’s really harsh that she has to have accidents like that because her mom is so strange.”

“I know, right. This is the first time I’ve wet my pants on purpose since I was like four,” Megan blushed. I had one accident last year, and I just happened to have only those panties to wear yesterday, and her mom things I pee myself.” She sighed.

“Okay,” Anna said her face blushing. “This is very embarrassing for me, too, but your mom said I have to.”

“I know,” Megan said. “Don’t forget the foot straps.”

Anna put Megan’s feet in the straps and then started to undo her very full diaper. She couldn’t believe how much was in it. She pulled it out from under Megan and wrapped the cloth around the mess as fast she could setting it on the floor out of the way while she cleaned Megan up. It was disgusting cleaning her up though she could use very large wash clothes and thankfully didn’t have to touch the mess directly. Soon, she had Megan all ready for a clean diaper and she rubbed some lotion on her blushing.

Once the girls were all changed, Anna went into the bathroom after putting the messy diaper on the changing table. She wasn’t going to touch it any more than she had to, and anyway, Jennifer didn’t tell her what to do with one like that, and she was sure it wouldn’t be good to put it in the same pale as the wet ones without getting rid of the shit first.

She washed her hands very thoroughly thinking about just how disgusting it had been to change the girls, especially the messy one. Then she walked up the stairs seeing Jennifer on the way down completely dressed for the day.

“Are the girls changed?” she asked Anna.

“Yes ma’am.”

“Good. You girls can come on down and have breakfast. Then we are going on a car trip.”

“Really?” Anna was curious. Her mom hadn’t said that they were doing anything after the sleepover.

After the girls were dressed back in panties and pants or skirts, Jennifer checked the time and then loaded them all up in the car. She had decided that the girls would like to go to the beach for the afternoon.

{{:

Verry nice story! I can't wait until the next posts are up! I read every chapter in ten minutes because I was so asorbed into it! Keep up the good work!

}}

Thank you very much for you input.

{{:

Beautiful

}}

Really? Just to be helpful, I think you should tell what you thought was beautiful because thought I'm not a moderator, I'm not sure this one line is enough to get you full access for your 10 posts. A quality post should add something to the thread. Again, just trying to be helpful if you are wanting to be a full member.

Thank you for your comment though!

I am going to be dragging this story out for some time for anyone that wants to know, so if anyone has a suggestion about a situation or place, where things can happen, and which characters should be involved, let me know.

*013*2012-03-06 02:52

Chapter 4 Part 2

Well, the beach was not truly where they were going, because Wyoming was a landlocked state, but they were going to a nice quiet lake up in the northern part of Wyoming. Still, it had a sandy area around where the lake would be, and they could swim, so it was as close to a beach as they could find in Wyoming.

After the girls had been in the car for about fifteen minutes, Anna in the front and the three “little ones,” in the back though everyone had escaped with the dignity of undies instead of a diaper, Anna turned to Jennifer. “I’m sorry, but don’t we have school tomorrow?”

“Oh,” Jennifer blushed. “Didn’t I tell you? Your mom said that I could take you for the week and do what we want because you have three days off from school next week anyway, so missing tomorrow and Tuesday really wasn’t that important.”

“But, my family usually goes to see my relatives for the Thanksgiving Holidays,” Anna said looking a little concerned.

“Yes, and your mom also said that you had thrown a fit about wanting to see your friends instead because you were tired of your relatives.”

Anna blushed and held her head down. She had done that, true, but she wasn’t really sure she had meant it. It was like her mom always told her, be careful what you wish for as you may actually get it.

Heidi moved to the edge of her seat so she could look into the front to get into the conversation--“My mom, too?”

“Yes, Heidi, your mom too, and yours too, Nicole,” Jennifer quickly tried to quiet the murmurs. “You did all want to spend the holidays together this year, did you not?”

The three girls in back looked at each other gleefully, and but Anna just kept looking down and wondering if she really wanted to be with this crazy person that kept making her act like she was older than the others and checking their diapers at night.

A couple of hours into the trip, Nicole moved to the edge of her seat and whispered to the front. “Are we spending every holiday with you this year—Christmas, Spring break, and the summer?”

“Yes, you are,” Jennifer smiled over at her. “Now sit back before you get hurt. It’s not safe to lean forward in your car. I can hear you if you speak up and sit properly.”

Nicole sat back. “Wow, I never thought my dad would let me spend that much time away from home.”

“Well, you are going to be going to college in a couple of years, and he wants to make sure you understand how to be a young woman on your own, I think.”

Nicole nodded.

Heidi came out of her dozing nap and looked around. “Where are we?”

“We have about another three hours to drive,” Jennifer informed her. “How are you doing, sweetie?”

“I have to pee,” Heidi’s face fell when she saw Jennifer turn around and give a really sour face.

“I will not have you talking dirty in my car,” she said suddenly. Then she turned back to face where she was driving. “If you need to do personal things, you will say it like a lady, or keep your mouth shut about it.”

“Like… like a lady?” Heidi asked her face falling even more not really understanding what Jennifer meant.

“Miss,” Nicole spoke up. She was used to speaking the way Jennifer wanted, because her dad was just as strict about girls being young ladies. “I think Heidi wants to stop for a minute. Can we, when you find a good place?”

“Why sure, Nicole. I think there’s a place not more than half an hour up the road here.”

“Thank you, Miss.”

Heidi looked over at Nicole, and she blushed. Obviously, compared to what Nicole had said, she did sound like a child.

“My dad has the same rule,” Nicole whispered to Heidi. “Don’t sweat it. Just don’t use the words that describe what you want to do. Just ask to stop.”

“Oh, okay.”

Megan whispered. “She doesn’t really care at home because it’s private there, but she thinks even the car is public because people can see you though the windows.”

“Oh,” Nicole now understood why Jennifer could talk about changing diapers, and about the girls’ dirty stuff at home, but why she was mad in the car. Her dad was strict all the time. He always said if any boys can hear her, then she has to watch what she says and that meant even her brothers and her dad.

The car drove relentlessly on. Heidi was starting to wiggle a little, Nicole had her own hand in her lap, but seemed relaxed and Megan was holding herself. Anna, in the front, shifted her legs, but didn’t dare show any desperation because of the scolding that Heidi had gotten, and if she did anything, Jennifer would see it.

Megan was starting to breathe a little heavy and was wiggling her legs, but she kept her hand away from her crotch, which told Heidi who was right next to her, and Nicole who was on the other side of her, that her mom definitely didn’t allow any holding. They wondered if Megan was going to make it to the rest stop or not which was now about two miles away.

“Why is it so quiet back there? Megan?” Jennifer asked.

Megan could only breathe out heavily and wiggle her legs, whimpers coming periodically from her as she did her best to keep from leaking. Heidi, blushing, looked out the window to avoid seeing Megan’s state.

“She’s having a hard time,” Nicole blushed but spoke about Megan. “She’s wiggling really badly.”

“Oh, well, the truck stop is just ahead. Do your best, Megan. We are almost there.”

Heidi could feel her own lips quivering as well, and she rubbed her stomach thinking she might end up wetting if they don’t stop in the next few seconds. Nicole just looked on, not even wiggling. She seemed to look like an iron statue in her face, and her body was quite well composed, but she was almost as desperate as the other two.

Anna, feeling Jennifer’s eyes constantly on her, didn’t wiggle or do anything that let on what she had to do. The car pulled into the parking lot, and Jennifer turned to face all the kids. “No one goes in by herself. Nicole, you and Anna go together, and Megan and Heidi, I’ll take you. We meet in the entrance to the restaurant for lunch, alright?”

The girls all nodded, and Anna and Nicole started off on their own. Megan’s mom had Heidi get out, and then she saw her daughter’s damp pants. She was leaking.

“Megan? Are you already wet?”

Megan nodded.

“Alright, Just finish and get some clean clothes to change into. There is no point in trying to hold it for you. Heidi, you are still dry, aren’t you?”

Heidi nodded.

After the girls had all been to the bathroom and Megan changed, they had lunch and were back in the car on the way again. Megan was not put in a diaper, but she kept quiet and blushed for a long time, her friends knowing she had wet herself before making it.

After another couple of hours, they finally pulled off onto a dirt road. They were surrounded by trees on all sides, and here and there, they could see signs of wildlife, though no animals actually came into view.

“This is beautiful!” Anna exclaimed as she looked over at Jennifer.

“Yeah, I often take Megan up here when we need to relax.”

The car drove at about fifteen miles an hour until they came to a driveway that ended, and overlooked a stretch of the lake with soft sand near its shore.

“Get your clothes changed, girls. You need your swimming suits on, and then we can relax and play in the water for a while. If anyone needs to take a private moment, come and ask me first so I know where you are, and then go behind those bushes in pairs. No one goes by herself.”

The girls nodded and climbing out of the car, they started to change. While the others looked a little embarrassed and waited a bit, Megan started to just take her top off in front of them.

“No one is around,” she giggled. “My mom has had me doing it this way since I could remember, and you really don’t want to get your pants wet going home because it’s uncomfortable sitting for five hours in wet pants.”

Seeing her logic and carefully looking around to see that they were indeed fairly well covered from peeping eyes, the other three girls started to strip as well so they could put on their suits.

Jennifer also dressed into a swimming suit and then walked down to the sandy shore and sat there putting her legs into the cool water. Megan ran down past her once she was in her swim suit and fell face first into the water after having reached about seven steps into the water.

The other three shrugged as they saw Megan run and fly into the lake, and they were soon laughing about who was going to be last as they splashed into the water. The afternoon made the water bearable, and the girls were soon enjoying it like they had never done before.

A few hours had passed, and as the sun darkened the sky, all the girls climbed out of the lake laughing and still splashing at each other.

“Come on girls,” Jennifer called to them. “We need to get on the road so we can get home.”

Heidi walked up next to Jennifer while the others ran ahead to get out of their wet swimming suits. “Excuse me. Can I please wear unders to sleep tonight?” she whispered and blushed.

“If you stay dry until we get home, then yes, I’ll consider it, but if you are wet in the morning, then I want no more talk about you being in undies at night. Understand?”

Heidi nodded and ran head.

Upon reaching the car, she saw all the girls squatting naked and peeing on the ground. She wanted to tell them that the private place for doing that was over in the bushes, but she felt too tired to worry about what was already done.

The girls all changed back into some pants or skirts and some shirts. Then, they climbed into the car to start the ride home. One by one, each girl nodded off and Jennifer was soon driving on her own back to their home.

*014*2012-03-06 11:50

Chapter Four Part Three

Near the end of the trip, Heidi and Anna started to stir. The late hours of the night intensified headlights from occasional cars glared their lights into Jennifer’s face as she squinted her eyes and tried to turn her head away from the oncoming cars. One such time was when she noticed Anna looking up at her, her eyes looking quite droopy.

“Jennifer? Can we stop soon?”

“We’ll be home in a just a little bit,” Jennifer said not really wanting to stop at the moment.

“I know, but I really need to stop.”

“We’ll see what we can do, then, if I see something open.”

“Thanks.”

Heidi had heard the conversation, and she sighed. Jennifer was already looking, but from the sound of Jennifer’s voice and the situation, she didn’t count on a place being looked for that intently. She looked over at the sleeping Nicole and at the sleeping Megan, both girls looking quite content.

The darkness of the car had hid each of their conditions, and Heidi wondered if they were wet or dry. She didn’t know if there was a safe way to check without waking them or getting thought badly of, so she shook her head and scooted up a bit towards the edge of her seat.

“Jennifer? Me, too. Can we stop soon?”

“As I told Anna, if I find a place open, we’ll stop. Now sit back so you don’t get hurt.”

Heidi sighed and moved back against the seat, sleepily laying her head against Nicole, but a little bit too concerned with her own bladder to be able to really get comfortable to rest.

Little did the other girls know, but Jennifer was also feeling a bit tight in her abdomen, but she was a grown woman and would not allow herself to be disgraced in front of the kids. She moved her left leg closer to her right leg that was still on the gas. She especially didn’t want to stop at any deserted places at night, because that was the time that things might happen.

Anna did notice that Jennifer was holding her leg a bit closer to her other one, and that one hand was occasionally touching her stomach, but Jennifer said nothing and there was a stoic pout on her face.

The dark road was lulling, and Anna was starting to drift a bit and the only thing that kept her from going completely asleep was the fact that the car would bounce when it hit an uneven part of the road, and she would feel her bladder jolt. She wished some place would just materialize out of nowhere before she started to leak, but as yet, she had control without so much as an oozing dribble, and the road seemed to stay bare of any real structures. Anna put a hand on her side, and she closed her eyes for a moment, trying to concentrate on keeping herself dry.

In the back, Heidi was started to wiggle her legs, and she wasn’t sure she was going to get to wear panties to bed if some place didn’t present itself soon. Jennifer had told her that if she could stay dry on the way home, she’d let her try to sleep in panties for the night, and if she didn’t, then she’d be in diapers at night for the rest of her vacation there.

Jennifer was not faring much better though, as her hand was constantly rubbing her stomach, and her left knee was now starting to open and close her crotch from a constant swaying motion. She was looking pretty hard for the right kind of place to stop too, but she would not put her babies in danger, well, her baby and her baby’s friends, just to keep herself from wetting. She would somehow manage to find a safe place to stop, and make it. She had to, because, she was the adult.

The dark road produced a rest area, one of Jennifer’s worst fears, and she passed it by causing Anna’s face to fall and Heidi looked out the window in surprised as the place flew behind the car. She wanted to say something. Anna wanted to say something. Both girls stayed quiet.

“I know,” Jennifer broke the ice. “We never stop at those places because they’re dangerous girls.”

“Easy for you to say,” Heidi said bitterly from the back.

“Actually, I don’t think it is so easy for her to say,” Anna spoke softly into the quiet car, her voice reaching everyone’s ears. “I’d say Jennifer has had to go almost as bad us for about the last fifteen minutes.”

Jennifer’s face blushed, but she drove on remaining quiet on that point. It was childish to not admit it, but it certainly helped nothing to dwell on it. She stared into the darkness looking for any other place to stop that might help.

Anna sighed. She wasn’t sure if Jennifer was going to make it by the way she was starting to bounce her left leg and rubbing her stomach. Still, amazingly, she refused to touch her crotch for extra relief.

Anna by now, was starting to put her hand closer and closer to her crotch, her face becoming a burning pink when she saw Jennifer look at her. Jennifer was not looking upset though. She just smiled. “It’s just girls in the car, Anna, so I’m not going to yell, but that is unacceptable if you ever are near a boy. Understand?”

Anna nodded. “So I’m allowed?”

Jennifer nodded. “Go ahead. I know you can’t help it. Heidi, you too. Do whatever it takes to hold it.”

Heidi was grateful that Jennifer had told her that she could, and her hands immediately reached into her crotch to hold back the building floods. Anna could see however, that no matter what, Jennifer would not hold herself. She wondered if Jennifer was going to wet her pants because she definitely was fighting it very hard, and she still didn’t use her hands or fingers.

A few moments later, hissing could be heard in the back seat even from the front.

“Heidi, that better not be you,” Jennifer groaned still trying to keep dry herself.

“It’s not,” Heidi was rocking back and forth scared that even a little bit might leak.

“Who is it then?”

Heidi put her hand on Megan’s thigh and felt it was dry. Then she put her hand in Nicole’s lap and Nicole stirred, her eyes opening.

“What are you doing?” she asked her eyes wide.

“Jennifer wanted to know who was wetting her pants.”

“It was me, okay? Please don’t touch me like that without me knowing it.”

“I’m sorry,” Heidi blushed. “You were checked by Anna this morning….”

“Yeah, but I knew about it, and it… it was still embarrassing!”

“I’m sorry.”

Jennifer called over the hushed whispers. “Nicole, I asked her who was wet. I expected her to check.”

Nicole looked down. “I’m wet. Why can’t you just ask instead of make someone check us?”

“You were asleep, weren’t you? Besides, if you are going to act like a little kid and pee yourself, then you really should be checked up on like one.”

“I’m not acting like a little kid,” Nicole whispered as she looked out the car window. “I have accidents because of an infection and weak muscles.”

Jennifer offered no response but just kept driving. Her own hand that had been replaced on the steering wheel along with her right hand, was shaking as her leg bounced and opened and closed her crotch to view. She was starting to sweat, and she knew that it was completely unacceptable for her, a grown woman to let even a little bit leak in her panties. She hoped she could find a place soon.

Anna kept very quiet and she suddenly became very still. She was definitely on the very edge of letting some liquid escape, and it made her blush profusely as she moved her hand a little to see if she could see a wet spot in her pants develop. She then leaked a very small amount and then stopped it. It was dark. She couldn’t see anything.

Replacing her hand over her crotch and digging in, she tried to feel it, but it was very little yet, and she could barely notice.

Megan’s lap soon darkened, and then spilled down off of the seat causing more hissing which agonized the other three that were still struggling. Heidi grounded her teeth together to keep anything coming out. Anna felt another little squirt slip past, but still, the wetness was barely felt. Jennifer didn’t dare look down or feel herself. She hoped she wasn’t leaking, but she couldn’t look concerned.

Finally, the exit for Jennifer’s house was in view. They were nearly home, and she decided to just drive home. At home, there were three bathrooms, and that meant that three of them could go. Nicole was already wet, and Megan could just wet if she had to, so there were enough bathrooms for the rest of them.

Megan woke up as she started to feel wet around her bottom and backs of her legs. “I’m wet, mommy,” she called in the car.

“That’s okay,” Jennifer whimpered out trying to keep herself dry. “Mommy will change you once we get home, and those that are still dry have used the toilet.”

“I’m sorry, mommy.”

“It’s okay, honey. It’s past your bedtime, and you should have been in a diaper at least an hour ago.”

Finally, the house was looming up before them.

*017*2012-03-07 14:05

{{:

Can't wait to read more, this is really a great story

}}

Thank you.

{{:

It's a very good story keep up the good work, here's an idea how about while watching a scary movie during the movie either Anna or Heidi. Ends up wetting themselves because a part of the movie ended up scaring them or something.

}}

Sounds like a good idea. I'll see about fitting it in somewhere.

Thank you for your interest.
