Desperate Friendships

Author: 222foxface222

*011*2012-04-29 17:02

Thanks for all the positive feedback, everyone! I really really appreciate it. Here's the next chapter--3 and 4 are really one long chapter but I tried to find a place to split them up since this half is already crazy long.

This story's basically already written, I just have to go back and read the chapters over, so as long as you guys like what I'm posting, I can easily keep it going. Let me know what you think--if there are things you don't let me know too so I can try to improve future chapters. Enjoy, and thanks for reading :D

Chapter 3

Harry, Draco, and Snape were yanked out of Harry’s memory and transported back to the dungeons of Hogwarts. For a moment, no one spoke. Harry stared past Snape at the wall, his heart beating fast. He had never let anyone know the full extent of his treatment at the hands of the Dursleys, not even Ron and Hermione, but now his secret was out. He had always viewed his life on Privet Drive as entirely separate from Hogwarts, and now a small part of each had been merged together. He was too overwhelmed to feel anger towards Snape; he just wanted to be alone.

At last, Snape cleared his throat. He had to force himself to look the boys in the eye as he moved the pensieve aside and folded his hands on his desk.

“That is all,” he said, having a bit of trouble finding his voice.

Harry and Draco stood to leave, twin pictures of anger and embarrassment.

“However,” he said, raising his voice to a sterner tone. “Neither of you are to be allowed to enjoy the night’s end-of-term festivities, so both of you will spend the rest of your detention in the common room of Slytherin hall.”

Snape watched as the boys’ faces fell. It was more than likely they had wanted to be left alone with their demons, wanted time to sort through the violent memories they had just experienced once again.

“I have work to do and do not intend to babysit the two of you all night,” Snape spat. He knew that if he were not firm, he would begin to apologize; he would begin to show his weakness.

“If there is any trouble, or if I find that either of you have left, I will make your lives miserable next term. Is that clear? You will be free to go at ten.”

Snape had improvised the last part. He hadn’t originally planned to keep the boys all night, but he did not believe either of the boys were ready to go back down to their friends. More than likely, in their fragile states they would begin gossiping about each other in order to cover their own pain, which would cause more trouble than Snape would know what to do with. His reputation as a teacher would be called into question. He already wished this detention had never happened, and he wished to forget it as quickly as possible. He didn’t think he would ever be able to look at his two feuding students in the same way again.

“And boys,” Snape called when Harry and Draco were almost at the door. They both turned towards him, but neither met his gaze. “I’m sorry this went so far.”

###

Harry and Draco walked in silence to the Slytherin common room, Draco leading the way as Harry did not know the correct hallways to take. It was a short walk considering they were already in the dungeons, and although Harry had never been inside the Snakes’ common room, it was vaguely familiar, similar in decor to his own house’s, despite the green tones. That is, if you discounted the empty, hollow feeling of the bare dungeon walls and floors. The room was empty, all the students participating in the end of term festivities.

The boys each threw themselves into an armchair in front of a dwindling fire. It was several moments for either of them spoke, both still in disbelief over what had just occurred.

“So, you’re as much of a loser at home as you are here?” Draco asked caustically.

Harry was ready.

“You still pee your bed, momma’s boy?”

Draco stood up as if ready for a fight, his eyes ablaze. They had reached a sore subject, and both of their nerves were shot. Harry, realizing they were both in a vulnerable place, made a half-hearted gesture of apology before the fight escalated and became physical. Draco calmed after glaring at him for a steady minute.

“Look,” Harry said, “Neither one of us wants the other going around telling secrets.”

Draco nodded and then sighed.

“F### Snape,” he said, slamming his fist on the arm of the chair.

Harry could swear the blonde looked like he might cry.

“We’re even.” Harry said, trying not to think of the reputation he would gain were the story to be skewed by Draco’s sick sense of judgment while he spread the rumors through the entire school. “If one tells, the other’ll tell.”

Draco took a minute to compose himself before replying.

“We’re not even, Potter,” he said, relying once again on malice, “you know far more about me than I know about you.”

“Malfoy, you saw everything Snape showed me.”

“What he showed you about me was far worse than what he showed me about you.”

Harry was getting confused, but he was trying to follow along, “Malfoy, what you saw about me was pretty effin’ messed up.”

“I know you have a son of a bitch Uncle and cousin. You know that I wet the---that I used to wet the bed, that it was bad enough that I had an effing plastic sheet on the bed, that…that my father....”

Harry looked up in surprise. Malfoy was actually crying. His voice broke, and he tried to wipe his eyes with his arm before Harry saw, but it was useless.

“Shit!” he yelled, when he realized that Harry was seeing his weakness. He got up and retreated to the other side of the room to look out the only window, which was simply a picture spelled to mimic the weather outside above the dungeons.

Harry was shocked. He had never thought he would see Malfoy cry. The boy looked so young and scared. Did his father still treat him the way he had in the memory, relying on embarrassment and shame to put Draco in his place? Harry suspected the memory had brought back a flood of various punishments similar to the one Snape had shown them; it certainly had for Harry.

“Draco, look,” Harry said, getting up and going over to the blonde boy, “wetting the bed is a common thing when you’re young.”

Harry watched Draco wipe his face on his sleeve. Why was the boy so upset? Hadn’t he just seen Harry wet his pants in front of a whole roomful of people? Why wasn’t Draco investing all his energy into planning his destruction of Harry’s reputation? Harry tried not to think of that day of Dudley’s birthday party. Being reminded of it so vividly left him with a horrible sense of dread; he was still worried that he might be sick from seeing it all again.

“Spare me the sympathy, Potter,” Draco spat, pulling away from the taller boy and flinging himself back into the armchair by the fireplace, “maybe it’s common to a weak-willed wizard like you, but—“

Draco was once again attempting to hide his tears.

“But not for a Malfoy?” Harry finished. He took the seat next to Draco, who was looking small and helpless in the oversized armchair, his face streaked with tears.

“I used to get beaten for it,” Harry said quietly after the boys had sat in silence for a time.

Draco did not look up, yet Harry could tell he was shocked by the admission that he had once been a bedwetter as well. “Yeah, me too,” Malfoy whispered, pulling at an errant string on a pillow next to him.

“I did it once in my first week as a first year. McGonagall found me in the middle of the night trying to run away. I was sure they were going to beat me and then kick me out of school.”

Harry wasn’t sure why he was being so truthful. He knew his admissions could very well be used against him, but Draco had yet to stop crying, and Harry felt somehow endeared to the picture the small blonde boy made when he was curled up in misery in the armchair across from him. The memory had only shown the beginning of what Harry assumed was a childhood of abuse and embarrassment. It seemed, for the first time, that Draco’s anger and bullying were hiding a deep pain, and Harry would have said anything to make him feel better at that moment.

Harry’s story elicited a small smile from Draco, and he wiped his eyes with the sleeve of his robe.

“You still did it when you came here?” Draco asked, trying to sound incredulous.

Harry turned red, “Well, you know…new situations and all…only once or twice….who…who hasn’t as a first year?”

Draco nodded, looking at the floor to hide the new tears welling up in his eyes. Harry observed with sympathy. He had never seen the vulnerable side of the usually domineering seventeen-year-old, and he felt an unusual sense of pity for him. He almost felt he understood what Draco was feeling.

“You…” Harry didn’t know how to ask it without sounding accusatory. “You still wet the bed, don’t you?”

Draco jumped up from the chair and once again retreated to the window.

“No! F### off! How many seventeen year olds do you know that pee their bed, Potter? Jeez!”

Harry followed Draco slowly, understanding that he had hit a nerve. Draco was turned towards the wall, cheeks flushed in anger and arms folded across his thin chest. Harry approached with caution and tried to comfort the boy by placing his hand on Draco’s shoulder, but his touch set Malfoy off.

The blonde turned and threw a punch at Harry, landing it square on his jaw and sending him to the floor. Harry was enraged. He had simply been trying to help this obviously troubled kid. Getting up off the ground, Harry lunged at Draco, and the two began throwing punches. They soon had each other by the shoulders, and were attempting to wrestle each other to the ground. Draco threw another punch, and Harry caught him by the wrist before he could make contact. The boys stared at each other with expressions of anger and vehemence. Harry glared at Draco, annoyed that his gestures of compassion had turned to expressions of violence. Draco stared back, an intensely fierce anger in his eyes. They were locked in a staring match. After a moment, however, Draco’s expression crumpled, and the boy sunk to the floor in defeat and sorrow, the tears once again flowing. Harry thought he realized now why Draco was never seen anywhere without Crabbe and Goyle; he truly did need protection.

“I’m sorry,” Draco mumbled, drawing his knees to his chest and hiding his face in his arm as he sobbed.

Without a second thought, Harry fell to the ground and wrapped his arms around Draco. He let him cry for as long as he needed to, not bothering to shush him or even to lie to him and tell him it would be alright. He simply held the boy, letting him know that he was there, and before long Draco turned and cried against Harry’s shoulder, allowing himself to be held for the first time in many years.

The boys sat against the wall underneath a bewitched window after Draco had sobbed out first his embarrassment of the day and then the pain and embarrassment he had been made to feel for years of not living up to others’ expectations. They sat close; suddenly and unexpectedly, boundaries no longer existed between them.

“My father still beats me for it,” Draco finally whispered, unable to keep the embarrassment from flushing his cheeks bright red. “He says no son of his is going to be a weakling pants-wetting baby,” Draco said softly, wrapping his arms around his knees.

“Couldn’t you lie? Just scourgify the sheets?”

“He knows a counter-charm. He can always tell.”

Harry nodded.

“And I’m too scared to say it in the dorm. What if someone heard me?”

Harry shrugged. He had heard each boy in his dorm perform scourgify over the past few years at one point or another, some far more than others. Although he had always assumed most of them weren’t cleaning up pee. It was a joke among the boys, who had had a wet dream and stained sheets. He guessed that was not the case in the Slytherin dorms.

“Listen, if you tell anyone--,” Draco began.

“I won’t. I know what it’s like to be beaten for something that’s not your fault. You don’t need more trouble.”

Draco nodded his thanks. He actually believed Harry would keep his word.

“Malfoy,” Harry began, unsure of whether he was actually about to confess what he was. “When I told you before that I only wet the bed my first year…um…that wasn’t really the truth.”

Draco looked up, not sure what to think. His heart was beating fast.

Harry continued, looking down at the floor.

“I…um…sometimes I still pee the bed, too.”

Draco looked up, skeptical as to whether Harry were telling the truth or simply fooling around to taunt him. “Sure you do,” he said, passing Harry’s sincerity off as an act. He rolled his eyes and slunk further down the wall, shoving himself away from Harry.

Harry turned and looked directly at Draco.

“I mean it, Draco,” he said.

Draco looked up. Harry could not believe he had ever seen him look so innocent.

“Really?” Draco asked. His eyes betrayed the hope behind the question.

“Yes,” Harry said, but he did not want to mislead Draco. He quickly added, “But it’s, um, not like what happens to you. I…I, um…pee the bed on purpose,” Harry mumbled, breathing heavily. He had not meant to tell him yet; he only thought Draco would feel better if he had an ally. But he didn’t want to lie to him either; it was not like Harry ever had a true accident. Well, not since his second year.

Draco looked up at the taller, darker boy in disbelief. Here he was wishing for nothing else except that he could stop wetting the bed, and Harry peed himself on purpose.

“Oh,” Draco relayed. He was pulling at his bottom lip.

Harry didn’t know what Draco’s reaction was. “Yeah,” he said, swallowing hard.

Draco suddenly looked up in confusion, “Why?” he asked frankly.

Harry snorted in laughter. He guessed it did sound somewhat ridiculous.

“It…I don’t know…I guess I just like it,” Harry admitted, his cheeks red with embarrassment, but not shame. He had long given up the shame he felt. wetting his bed was something he did for himself. After all he had been through, he didn’t see any harm in it.

Draco took a breath as if preparing to ask something else, or to repeat his question in order to push for a better answer.

“Let’s go sit by the fire. It’s getting cold over here,” Harry said before Draco could speak up, getting up off the floor and once again taking his seat in the armchair.

Draco followed slowly, and it was a few long moments before either boy spoke. It was Draco who finally kept the conversation going. Harry was actually relieved that he did, as he had become frightened that he had broken the ease that they had found with his recent admission when he moved back to the fireplace.

“How often do you do it?” Draco asked suddenly, as if he had been trying to think of something to say for the past five minutes.

Harry ran a hand through his hair as he shrugged.

“Not very often ‘cause I’m always scared someone’ll find out and ask me about it, like a prefect or a teacher or they’ll send me to Madame Pomfrey or something. But…but if I wake up in the middle of the night because I have to pee, or…or if…I wake up early, before the other guys…I pee in bed,” Harry mumbled, glancing at Draco to gauge his reaction.

The smaller boy looked at Harry and nodded.

“I used to be like that, too,” Draco whispered, “I liked the idea of breaking the rules and soaking the bed. That was when I was really young, though, before I started having real accidents. But, for me…I guess it was mostly about being taken care of…I…I always knew my mum would be there for me if I went to her with wet pants, you know? It’s not like she could ignore something like that.”

Harry glanced at the floor, wishing that had been the case for him and instead remembering the times his Aunt Petunia made him stand outside on winter mornings in his wet pajamas, the times his Uncle Vernon had made him “hold it” until he wet his pants at the dinner table in order to train him to keep his bed dry, and his Cousin Dudley holding him down on the bed in the cupboard under the stairs and tickling him until he was squeezing his crotch, begging him to stop, and finally his jeans and bed becoming soaked in hot pee, and then Dudley running and telling his parents that he had found Harry sitting on his bed wetting on purpose.

Harry was startled out of his bad memories when he felt Draco’s hand on his shoulder. He was standing next to Harry’s chair; Harry hadn’t noticed him get up out of his own.

“Hey,” Draco said quietly, his voice sounding softer than Harry had ever heard it before, “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to bring up…I mean, your mum and all…I just…”

Harry tried to smile as he glanced up at Draco. He hadn’t been thinking about his mom, although he knew she would never have been mad were he to wet the bed.

“Don’t worry about it,” Harry said.

The blonde boy took a seat on the arm of Harry’s chair, Harry moving aside to make room for the boy’s feet on the seat cushion. Draco began to remove his heavy school robes.

“It’s warm by the fire,” he explained.

Harry nodded, shedding himself of his long black robes as well. Both boys were wearing jeans and a t-shirt. Harry noticed that Draco looked even smaller without his robes, younger than his seventeen years. He did, however, have some definition to his arms. No doubt a benefit of the hours of Quidditch practice he was said to put in.

“You know,” Draco told Harry as he settled once again on the arm of the chair, “I have a feeling Snape enjoyed watching those embarrassing memories tonight.”

“What do you mean?” Harry asked, more than intrigued.

“Did you see how quickly he ushered us away? No moral lecture, no excess scolding, nothing.”

“So, maybe he really just had a lot of work to do,” Harry said, not entirely convinced.

“Maybe, but I’ve run into Snape a few times when he seemed pretty jittery, as if he waited a bit too long to nip off for a pee.”

“What? How could you tell?” Harry asked, incredulous.

“I notice that kind of thing. I look out for it. Like that time last term in Potions when you nearly didn’t make it through class without wetting yourself.”

“Bugger off. That didn’t happen,” Harry said, attempting to hide his embarrassment.

“You were grabbing yourself by the end of the lesson,” Draco said, with his eyebrows raised. Harry flushed in embarrassment. “Why do you think Snape lets all the girls go to the bog and not the boys?” He didn’t wait for an answer. “He likes watching us squirm.” Draco scoffed. I should stay after and pee myself for him someday. He’d probably pass me automatically.”

Harry chuckled at Draco’s audacity.

“I kind of did once,” He confessed without thinking.

Draco looked at the boy in disbelief. Harry could see that he had genuinely surprised him.

“What?” Draco asked, a smirk playing at the corners of his mouth.

“Yeah. It wasn’t a big deal,” Harry mumbled. He instantly regretted bringing up the subject.

“You’re just going to mention that in passing and not fill me in?” Draco asked.

Harry was not making eye contact. Somehow wetting himself during the day seemed a worse infraction than the times he had pissed his bed intentionally. He didn’t like to admit to a loss of control, especially to Malfoy.

“It was nothing,” Harry said. “I don’t even really remember it.”

Harry realized too late that he had hurt Draco’s feelings by appearing to not trust him.

“Sure you don’t,” Draco replied sardonically, swinging his legs off of the seat of the chair to walk away from Harry, towards the fireplace.

“It’s embarrassing,” Harry sighed. “I don’t like to remember it.”

“Whatever.”

Harry had to admit that Draco looked cute when he was being stubborn.

“Okay, fine.” Harry groaned.

Draco turned back towards Harry and sat in the armchair across from him, waiting for him to begin. Harry was always impressed by just how skilled Draco was at getting what he wanted.

“My first year,” Harry began reluctantly, “I…I had to stay after for detention and it was just me and him. I forgot to go bathroom before I went, and of course I was sure he wouldn’t let me leave once I was there. He was making me write out the potion that we had been mixing in class that day over and over and I...I was squirming like crazy.

“I was a little scared first year. I couldn’t remember the last time I had to pee so bad and I was with the teacher who scared me more than anything else. I kept writing but I had to start squeezing my crotch every once in a while because I was afraid I was about to pee my pants. I...I had a really weak bladder back then. Once I had to go, there was a very short amount of time before I either found a bathroom or I was feeling warm and wet down. My Aunt and Uncle never really cared to emphasize the whole potty training thing,” Harry said before realizing that he was giving away too much information to a boy that he wasn’t sure he could trust. He cleared his throat as his cheeks flushed.

“So you had to pee and Snape wouldn’t let you,” Draco prompted, wanting Harry to finish the story.

“Yeah,” Harry said quietly, nodding, “Uh, well, I knew I was getting to that point where I was going to pee soon, whether that be in the bathroom or in my pants. But I was so scared so I just kept writing and by then I was holding myself without stopping and squeezing hard. I knew it was going to happen any minute, knew that I was going to pee in my pants like a baby. I just kept thinking that Snape would scream at me that way my Uncle used to…you know, I was just a kid, I didn’t know that the way my Uncle treated me was any different from the way I was going to be treated here.

I…I thought I was going to be beaten, like every time I pissed myself and my Uncle found out, or even when I asked to use the bathroom when we were in town or at someone’s house, anytime it was inconvenient. I was squeezing my legs together and grabbing myself until it hurt trying to keep it back. I could tell I was going to have an accident, and…and, I don’t know…everything sort of felt so overwhelming at once. I was suddenly in a new school, had just been told I was a wizard, that I was the damn boy-who-lived. I suddenly got very nostalgic for my mum and dad. And I...I started to cry. I tried to hide it, but I was so focused on keeping my pants dry that I guess I couldn’t stop Snape from noticing.

“I guess Snape heard me, and he asked me what was wrong. It was the first time he had ever called me ‘Harry’, and not ‘Potter’.

Draco nodded, signalling for Harry to continue.

“I begged him to let me go to the lavatory. I guess he realized how close I was to losing it because he gave me permission to go. I was so embarrassed because I couldn’t stop holding myself as I got up. I made it about two steps before I started to pee myself. I froze, you know, trying to cross my legs to stop peeing, but it was too late. I was wetting my jeans, and I couldn’t even pretend everything was fine, because Snape could hear pee splattering on the floor. There was nothing I could do. I stood there with my hands between my legs trying to stop it, and suddenly Snape was next to me, telling me to stop crying. I told him I couldn’t hold it and he put a hand on my shoulder and told me it was an accident, and he said, ‘just let it out.’ I didn’t really have much of a choice at that point, so I just spread my legs and pissed in my jeans. I soaked myself good.”

Draco seemed amazed and shocked by the story.

“What did Snape do?” He asked.

“When I finished, I just stood there, not moving, still with one hand between my legs,” Harry said, half-laughing at the ridiculousness of the memory. “I was so scared Snape was about to yell and hit me, but he put an arm around me and brought me to Madame Pomfrey without saying a word. It’s the kindest he’s ever been towards me” Harry finished, looking off as if the scene were playing in front of him. “I haven’t thought of that night in years,” he said, running a hand across his face in exasperation.

Draco slid from the arm of the chair onto the seat cushion, pressed against Harry. The oversized chair was more than large enough to accommodate both of them. The smaller boy took Harry’s hand in his and they simply sat with each other, glad to have found company where neither had expected it.

“You were just a baby then,” Draco told him, “it was an accident.”

Harry nodded, smiling weakly at the other boy.

“Besides, I’m sure Snape about came in his pants watching you.”

Harry threw Draco’s hand away and punched Draco in the shoulder..

“You’re a sick pervert,” Harry scoffed, teasing Draco good-humoredly. “He’s effing ancient. He probably can’t even spunk anymore.”

The boys laughed hard, Draco giggling out that Snape probably had a potion to fix that, sending them into convulsions. Yet, however hard they laughed, both boys were thinking that Snape wasn’t that old, and he was actually pretty effing hot. They had both created fantasies around the surly man in which he spanked them or made them hold their pee as long as they could. They kept that particular secret, however, both gasping for breath in their laughter. 

*020*2012-04-30 15:50

{{:

I loved it!! :) I can't wait for more.

}}

Thank you and thanks for commenting!!

{{:

The thing with stories like these is that I never know how to keep original with my comments. Because every time I simply want to beg you to post the next chapter. I love this.

I got truly excited at this sentence:

I got this feeling in my tummy when I read this, you know. That feeling that tells me that I get turned on. When I get that feeling when reading things like this, it tells me the story is really good. That a sentence is really good. I love how you described it. 'Jittery' and 'nip off for a pee'; just love it.

Hopefully there will be some scenes with Snape desperate for the loo. That would be truly awesome. But if there aren't, that's okay as well. This story is great anyway.

}}

Wow--thanks so much. I love that line too--I've edited this chapter from time to time before I posted it, but I never changed that line. Some lines just write themselves :D And I know what you mean about trying to be original in responses, but honestly I appreciate quick notes letting me know you like it just as much as great, detailed responses like the one you left!

{{:

This is brilliant!! :D Its amazing, and so funny! Some of the funny things you come out with is hilarious :D x

}}

Thanks! Becuase the subject matter of these first few chapters was so intense I did try to find a few moments of comic relief--glad they made you smile!

{{:

This was awesome of course, I am sososososo happy you posted this, its really good.

}}

Well, everyone has you to thank for it, since you were the first one to encourage me and let me know you were interested in reading it! So glad you're liking this :)

{{:

This was really good!! =D Please write more soon!!

}}

Thank you Thank you! And I will--new chapter will be up soon!

{{:

What a treat. I love your writing and absolutely can't wait to read more.

}}

Thanks for commenting and for the great compliments--they always inspire me to post new chapters, of course!

{{:

You are a fantastically brilliant author and I can't wait for more of your work! :D

}}

Thank you, Sunny! It really means a lot!

{{:

I LOVE your writing style. I'm so excited to read what comes next.

}}

I'm so glad to hear that :D Thanks for taking the time to let me know--hope you'll keep reading!

New chapter in just a few minutes, everyone!

*021*2012-04-30 16:32

Again, thank you all so so much for the positive feedback. It's certainly put a smile on my face!

Here's the next chapter (really just a conclusion to chapter 3). As a warning, there's some male/male stuff going on, so if that squicks you, you may want to wait until chapter 5, or just skim through this one. Honestly there's nothing too intense (I actually edited some things out because I figured it may turn one or two people away), but there is kissing involved and some talk of more. There's not a ton of this throughout the story, but it does play a role in connecting the boys to each other and getting them to trust one other, so let me know if you're all okay with occasional male/male romantic scenes, or if you'd rather I tone them down. It's easy enough for me to edit things like this out--after all, I know not everyone is turned on by the same things I am! That said, enjoy, and please let me know what you think! Snape returns in Chapter 5 :)

Chapter 4

The boys sat in silence, watching the fire in the Slytherin fireplace dwindle down to almost nothing. Draco pressed down on his crotch as discreetly as he could; he could normally hold his pee for as long as he needed to, but he had felt the urge since rushing to make it on time to detention earlier that night, and he was beginning to worry. When he looked up, he realized Harry had seen him squeezing himself. He blushed bright red, suddenly feeling too close to Harry, pressed against him, sharing a chair.

“Need help there?” Harry asked, smirking somewhat mischievously.

Draco shook his head no, cheeks flushed. Harry had misinterpreted his actions; he thought he was getting hard, when really he just needed to take a pee.

Sighing, he settled back into the armchair, conscious of the way Harry's thigh pressed up against his own, of the way he could feel his chest rise and fall with his breathing. Although Draco had always preferred girls, he couldn’t help but notice that the Boy-Who-Lived showed up time and again in his most secret fantasies. For years now, he had tried to deny that there was a part of him which wanted nothing more than to meet Harry in some hidden hallway late at night for a quick snogging session or more. He wanted to know just how powerful the boy from the prophecy actually was, to feel what real importance was. The fantasies had always ashamed and confused him, but he had never been able to deny them completely.

He had not believed his eyes when he had seen Harry desperate to pee in Potions last term; it was exactly the kind of scenario he often played out in his head, except all of his fantasies ended with Harry’s loss of control, pee streaming down his legs and onto the floor forcefully. Draco had needed to skip his next class to deal with the excitement he felt wondering whether Potter had spurted into his pants before making it to the boy’s room, or, better yet, had started wetting himself underneath his robes uncontrollably.

“Can I ask you something?” Draco said, his thighs pushed tightly together next to Harry to help stave off his need to pee.

Harry nodded, looking at the blonde boy with a trust that Draco had never before seen out of the Gryffindor.

“Are you and Weasley…,” Draco paused, unsure how to phrase the question. “More than friends?” he said finally.

Harry laughed loudly, as if shocked by such a question. Draco felt stupid for asking it, and angry; imagining the dark-haired boy thought him an idiot.

“No,” Harry said emphatically as he caught his breath. “We’re best mates, but there’s nothing between us like that.”

“Oh,” Draco said, too embarrassed to look up at Harry. He squirmed in the armchair, wishing the detention were over and he could just leave to pee and go to sleep. Although there was the semblance of a strange connection forming between the boys, Draco felt as emotionally drained as he did after one of his father’s twisted punishments, and he was beginning to curse himself for letting Potter see him in such an emotional state earlier. What would his father say if he were to find out how he had been acting?

Standing quickly, Draco began pacing back and forth in front of the fireplace, suddenly realizing just how vulnerable he had made himself to the boy who was supposed to be his sworn enemy. Over the course of a few fleeting hours, he had allowed Potter to see him with his guard down, had allowed him to drag out his deepest secrets. How had he let it go so far?

Harry seemed to sense Draco’s withdrawal and detachment as he watched the boy walk, distracted, back and forth across the room.

“Ron and I tried it once, but it wasn’t exactly his thing.” He said. Harry knew that he was possibly setting himself up for horrible rumors and gossip, but he couldn’t help it; Draco’s hang-dog expression was too cute to resist. “But, I don’t know...it might be mine.”

Draco looked up, the hopeful expression on his face making Harry’s admission worthwhile, even if Draco did tell the whole school the Gryffindor Golden boy sometimes fantasized about boys and not girls.

“Me too...maybe,” Draco whispered without thinking.

Damn it all to hell, those piercing green eyes made him feel weak, like he wanted to tell the boy his entire twisted life story, the abusive father, bedwetting, Death Eaters, and all. Draco wanted nothing more in that moment than for Harry to take him in his lap and hold him in his strong arms. He was just so tired of it all, of the act he had to live up to in order to profess the Malfoy family values in a way in which his father approved. He wanted someone to take care of him, for once.

“Will you stop pacing already, and come sit over here?” Harry asked, smirking. “You really are neurotic, you know that?”

Draco paused and looked sideways towards Harry.

“What’s that supposed to mean?” he asked, harshness edging into his tone.

“Nothing,” Harry smiled, standing and walking towards the blonde. “Just that you should stop worrying. Because I’m not going to tell anyone anything.”

“How do I know you’re--”

Draco’s words were stopped when Harry leaned forward and kissed him on the mouth. His first reaction was to pull back, shocked at the action. The surprise reminded him just how badly he needed the loo, and he squirmed where he stood.

Harry was looking at him in confusion.

“That’s not what you wanted?” he asked. “I thought...”

Draco felt dizzy, reeling from the touch of Potter’s mouth on his own. His father’s voice screamed at him in his mind, but his heart was beating too quickly to care. He met Harry’s gaze and attempted an explanation.

“It’s just...I’m...”

Lost for words, he reached forward and took Harry’s face in his hands, kissing him back. They kissed softly at first, each nervous and clumsy as they struggled to make sense of the situation. But soon they settled into each other and forgot to second-guess what was happening. Draco was lightheaded as he felt Harry’s touch, and he couldn’t help but reach down and hold himself, the urges to pee getting stronger and his blood pounded. It was hard to concentrate on keeping his pants dry when he was inches away from Harry Potter. He wanted to lie helplessly in the Gryffindor’s arms and lose all control.

As a sharp urge came over him, Draco was forced to pull away, twisting his body to the side as he pressed his legs together. He couldn’t stop squeezing himself. He forced himself to pry his hand away as soon as he realized that Harry had seen.

“I have to...go,” he admitted, blushing for the hundredth time that night as he realized how much of a child he sounded. He was unable to admit outright to his need, but had to bend at the waist and cross one leg over the other to keep from wetting himself. Harry’s intense gaze made him nervous.

“How long have you been holding it?” Harry asked.

Draco shrugged, his face worried.

“I haven’t gone since just before lunch,” he said in a strained voice.

“You’re a big boy,” Harry whispered as he stepped close to Draco. “Big boys can hold it.”

Draco shivered, his stomach fluttering as Harry spoke down to him. The dark-haired boy was speaking as if he were in control of Draco’s body instead of Draco himself. The girls Draco had been with had never treated him like that; they had always expected him to be the dominant, self-sufficient one in the relationship. It was a welcome change.

His breath hitched in his throat as Harry rested the palm of his hand on Draco’s arm. He bent down until he caught the blonde’s eye. “Is this okay?” he asked. Draco nodded desperately; he didn’t know what exactly it was they were doing, but he knew he did not want it to stop by any means. In a moment, Harry wrapped his hand around Draco’s wrist and yanked it towards him, forcing the desperate boy’s hand out from between his legs.

“Ah!,” Draco moaned, the feeling that he was about to wet himself causing him to dance in place. “I really have to go, Harry.” He reached around with his free hand, needing to hold himself to keep his pants dry. But Harry was too fast, and soon he was holding Draco by both wrists, and the boy was left hunched over, scissoring his legs back and forth in a desperate attempt not to pee himself.

“Big boys hold their pee,” Harry ordered. “You better not have an accident.”

But that was exactly what Harry wanted to happen. He wanted Draco to lose control, wanted to see the liquid stream into his jeans and soak him. Draco felt vulnerable, desperate to pee with nowhere to go. He knew he could more than likely break free of Harry and still make it to the boys’ lavatory down the hallway, but he didn’t want to leave; he wanted to be with Harry.

Leaning forward, he kissed Harry again, their teeth clicking. Draco tasted blood. As Harry placed his hands on Draco’s stomach, the blonde gasped. He felt a spurt of warmth in his briefs and moaned pitifully.

“I can’t hold it,” he breathed between kisses. “I have to go so bad.”

Harry kissed Draco’s neck, his lips against the pale, smooth skin. “Don’t you dare wet yourself,” he said, reaching a hand up and placing his palm under Draco’s sharp jaw, angling the boy’s head up so he would kiss him once again.

“Oh, Merlin,” Draco said through clenched teeth, his body tense. He was about to wet himself, while he was awake. He couldn’t remember the last time he was this desperate, clinging onto the belief that he could hold it if he just tried hard enough.

Leaning against Harry as they kissed, he pressed both hands between his legs, gasping when he felt another spurt soak into his underwear. Harry seemed to be oblivious to what was happening, and in a moment grabbed Draco around the waist, trying to lead him towards a chair. But, as he pulled Draco off-balance, the boy felt his final semblance of control slip away.

“Shit, I can’t...Potter...I...” Draco squeezed hard, but he could not stop the hot stream of pee which suddenly began wetting his pants. He wriggled and grabbed, his stomach filling with a cold dread as he felt the warm wetness fill the crotch of his jeans.

“F**, I’m doing it,” he gasped. “I’m wetting my pants.”

Harry breathed heavily, watching closely as the wet patch on Draco’s jeans grew larger and began snaking down his legs.

“Shit, I can’t stop it,” Draco moaned. “Oh, Merlin!”

The pee soaked Draco’s legs, the warm relief almost overcoming the embarrassment of wetting his jeans like a child. Harry watched in awe, amazed at how much Draco seemed to have been holding. The blonde shivered in relief, hands wet in his crotch and jeans dripping and heavy.

“I can’t effing stop,” he gasped

Draco collapsed against Harry, the final trickles of pee escaping into his sodden jeans. At last, the stream stopped, and he was grateful that Harry’s strong arms were wrapped around him; he was liable to fall to the ground were he not being supported. Guiding him backwards, Harry helped Draco to sit before resting next to him on the arm of the chair.

“I’m...I’m sorry,” Draco mumbled at last. “I didn’t mean to do that.”

“Hey,” Harry said, catching his breath as he turned to look down into Draco’s shamed eyes. “That was bloody amazing, okay?”

“But I didn’t mean to,” Draco said, staring at the floorboards. He worried Harry would find the whole act childish now that he was sitting there in cold, sodden clothes.

“That’s what made it so bloody brilliant,” Harry said. He held Draco’s face upwards by the chin, forcing him to meet his gaze. “Listen to me. You just acted out something I’ve fantasized about since the first time I saw you and my stomach flipped in a way it never had before. Before you, I barely knew what it was to be turned on. When Ron and I did it, I had to picture you beneath me. Why are you embarrassed?”

Draco was shocked by Harry’s admission. He had thought himself twisted and insane for lusting after the boy-wonder. He never imagined the feelings would be reciprocated.

“I don’t know,” Draco whispered. “It’s just...losing control like that...you know, awake. It’s not exactly something my father would be proud of.”

“You’ve never done that before?” Harry asked, surprised.

Draco sighed, pulling out his wand and saying a few simple drying and cleansing spells.

“I have, I just don’t like to think about it, I guess.”

“When was the last time?” Harry asked. “I’m sure it was far more embarrassing than this.”

Draco glanced up at Harry, trying to gauge his reaction. What if he was simply trying to get as much information as possible in order to ruin Draco completely throughout Hogwarts and the entire wizarding community? But Draco had never seen such a genuine expression as that which Harry had, a small smile and those warm, comforting eyes. They reminded him of his mother’s.

“Um…it was fourth year. In class.”

“In class?” Harry asked, shocked.

Draco nodded. “Right in the middle of Divination. Professor Trelawney was doing this long, drawn out séance-thing, and I just couldn’t hold it. I just sat there and went right into my robes and I even soaked the pillow I was sitting on.”

Harry looked at Draco with his eyes wide.

“I know,” Draco said, “But I couldn’t help it. It wasn’t as if I could have gotten up and left in the middle of her blabbering. I tried to hold it, but I just...couldn’t.”

“Did anyone find out?”

Draco nodded, his face somber.

“The crazy bitch Trelawney must have known. She told Snape, and he called me into his office for a ‘chat.’ I had to practically beg him not to tell my father.”

“You were lucky she didn’t announce it to the whole class,” Harry said, remembering the Divination classes he had been made to suffer through, and Trelawney’s predictions of his death.

Draco nodded.

“But she is a crazy bitch,” Harry said.

The boys smirked at that, Draco laughing out loud in a cathartic release, dismissing Professor Trelawney as a crazy old bat lady who really knew nothing more than what was right in front of her. He had always felt ashamed that she had known of his accident, wondering whenever he saw her if she would bring it up or tell his father someday, but it suddenly seemed less important. Having Harry cast her off as nothing more than a crazy bitch made Draco believe he didn’t need to feel judged anymore. She wasn’t worth his time.

“You think Snape ever imagined this is what would happen if he sequestered us to one room for the night?” Draco asked after a moment. He moved over in the armchair to rest his head against Harry’s thigh. He felt as if he had a protector.

Harry snorted out in laughter in a way Draco found endearing.

“I guess he was right,” Harry said as he placed his hand on the top of Draco’s head protectively. “we’ve got more in common than we thought.”

###
