Special request - Egg vibrator whilst desperate - Starring Brooke and Alicia

Author: misslunaswift

*000*2014-02-04 18:27

As requested by forum member Lucifer Angel, here's a story starring two women called Brooke and Alicia about egg vibrators. I call it "Golden Vibrations

."

Brooke is hosting a bachelorette party at her house, trying to change her image as the shy nervous one at work. She regrets her choice when she needs to pee, having never been able to urinate when other people are around. Her friend Alicia hands her an egg vibrator and she finds herself badgered into inserting it up herself despite her desperate need for the toilet.

When the remote powers up the egg shakes inside her and she loses all self control under the intense vibrations, climaxing just as her bladder loses control.

The next day at work she tries to see if she can pee in a public toilet to no avail. She realises perhaps the egg is the answer, slipping it into herself in her cubicle until bursting to go just as a climax hits her.

She invites Alicia round for dinner, not knowing how to react when Alicia brings out four egg vibrators, two for each of them. They head into the bathroom, stripping their clothes as they go, ready for the start of a very wet night together.

Here's chapters 1 and 2. Hope it's the kind of thing you were after!

Chapter 1 – Introduced to the Egg Vibrator

"What the hell is that?" Brooke asked, wondering once more if she’d made a mistake agreeing to the party at all. She felt so out of place, so stupid at the sight of all this sex stuff. The dildos were obscene, the underwear on sale impossibly revealing. She hadn’t seen a single thing she would even consider buying.

Alicia held the object out in the palm of her hand. It was rounded like an egg, made of smooth plastic, with a hoop of black at the end.

"What do you think it is?" Alicia replied, twirling the egg by the hoop before passing it round the room. It went from one person to the next and everybody seemed to know exactly what it was apart from Brooke. A few people whispered to each other and the bride to be seemed ready to buy one there and then.

“Some kind of sex toy?” Brooke asked.

“Well as it’s a little miss naughty bachelorette party and everything I’ve shown you so far has been a sex toy it doesn’t take Sherlock Holmes to work that one out does it?”

Laughter rippled round the room and Brooke blushed crimson red, again feeling out of place, just wanting them all to leave so she could retreat to the bathroom and hide. Her bladder was aching after just an hour of their company. She always needed to pee when nervous and people always made her nervous. Take the anxiety of hosting a party for twelve women she hardly knew, add her hatred of peeing when anyone could hear and the fact she owned the world’s thinnest walls and what else could it possibly lead to but having to hold in her pee for an entire evening?

“It’s called an egg vibrator. Have you really never heard of one?”

Brooke shook her head, trying to hide her increasing discomfort and the building headache behind her eyes. The last thing she wanted right now was to think about sex but it seemed as if she was the only one. Everyone else was handing round cock rings, running their hands over silky lingerie, deciding what to buy to impress their partners or just to please themselves.

When Alicia had first mentioned her side job running these parties, Brooke had been intrigued, not least by the money that Alicia made from each one, enough to buy her that convertible sat outside the office.

“How much?” she’d asked, sipping her coffee in the office canteen.

“Nearly five hundred a time. Three parties a week. Easiest money I’ve ever made. If it’s one thing women want, it’s good sex.”

Brooke blushed, glancing round to see if anyone had heard them. Alicia was so brash, so outgoing. Brooke was jealous of her most of the time, wishing she was brave enough to wear those short skirts, show off her cleavage like that but she knew it would never happen. She’d always been the shy one, the quiet one. She often wondered if her weak bladder was the cause of it all. Ever since she was little she’d been nervous and when she got nervous, she needed to pee. Sometimes it got so bad she ended up wetting herself. She had lost count of the accidents she’d had over the years, only adding to her social anxiety.

“What’s an egg vibrator?” Brooke asked, holding the object in her hand, aware of the faces staring at her.

Well, I’ll show you. Pop it inside you.”

Brooke blushed even more, feeling her cheeks burning with embarrassment. “You don’t mean...?”

Alicia nodded and the other women laughed again. “Brooke would never dare,” one said.

“Too pussy to put it in her pussy,” another added.

Brooke flared at that. She knew everyone here thought of her as the pathetic one, the one who never said boo to a goose. She felt this might just be the chance to prove to them that she could be bold too. Snatching the egg from Alicia’s hand she stood up.

“Where are you going?”

“I’m not doing it in front of you all.”

“Oh come on, we’re all friends here.”

The other women started clapping in unison. “Do it, do it, do it.” They began stamping their feet and cheering loudly.

Brooke froze for a moment, staring at the egg. Any other time she’d have refused but something about the comments made her feel she had to prove herself. Her fingers began undoing the button holding her jeans up. Reaching down into her panties with the egg in her hand she found the entrance to her pussy. To her surprise it was slightly damp and she wondered if perhaps the sight of all these toys had had some kind of effect on her after all.

Pressing the egg to her pussy, she felt a hint of resistance as she pushed with her palm, guiding it against her hole until with a slight stretching it slid up into her, the hoop dangling down slightly outside to help retrieve it.

“Now what?” she asked, buttoning her trousers back and sitting down once more. “It doesn’t seem to do much.” It felt strange having this object inside her. Each movement she made shifted it slightly, making her tingle as she felt herself becoming wetter despite what she’d just said. The other women were still cheering and laughing but eventually they quietened down enough for Alicia to continue.

Brooke winced as she crossed her legs, the egg moved further into her at the same time as her waistband dug into her bladder, making her need to urinate stronger. She wished she was alone, thinking about the relief she’d feel from sitting on the toilet alone and letting go. In her mind the signals of needing to pee were mixing with the tingles coming from her pussy, confusing her brain into thinking it was her desperation that was arousing her and that peeing might make her climax.

“Now I use this,” Alicia said, digging into her suitcase and pulling out a remote control, showing it to the room like a magician revealing the correct card. Everyone oohed and ahhed as Brooke shifted in her seat again, sitting on her hands and rocking slightly, trying to hide her desperate movements from the others. “Ready for some wet vibrations?”

Brooke had wondered just what the remote control was for but as Alicia went to press a button on it, she realised with horror what was about to happen.

Chapter 2 – Wetting Herself With an Egg Inside

The egg inside Brooke began to vibrate, sending pulses through her pussy and even reaching her clit from the inside, making it tingle with pleasure. Brooke felt her entire body become aroused. She couldn’t look at anyone. Her hands gripped the sides of the chair and her nostrils flared as she tried to control her breathing. She could feel her nipples hardening under her top, praying they weren’t noticeable as she lifted her bottom from the seat, gasping out loud with her eyes closed.

“How’s that?” Alicia asked. “I can turn it up.” She twisted a dial on the remote control.

“No...” Brooke began but she could say no more. The vibrations inside her intensified and it was all she could do to keep still. She could feel her bladder almost wobbling inside her, the fluid inside it splashing about, dying to escape.

Alicia pressed another button and the vibrations stopped. “How was that?”

“I...I...” Brooke didn’t know what to say. She stood up ready to pull the egg back out just as someone snatched the remote control from Alicia, pressing the ‘on’ button again and laughing cruelly.

Brooke bent over as if punched in the stomach. Her body filled with unstoppable pleasure again, the pulsing feelings in her pussy spreading through her. “Please...” she gasped, “please stop it.”

The woman grabbed the dial and turned it in her fingers. The buzzing inside Brooke became audible to the entire room and they all stared giggling at the squirming woman hunched over before them.

Brooke hardly cared about the people watching anymore, her entire being was so turned on, it was impossible to think about anything else but a desire to come. She even forgot about her overfilled bladder as she wobbled on the spot, crouching down to the floor with her thighs pressed together, hands touching the ground as her panties became damp with her wetness.

“Want me to turn it up?” the woman asked.

“No...please...no more. I’m going to...”

Brooke didn’t look up but she knew the dial had been turned further. The vibrations inside her reached a frenzied pace, buzzing angrily as her clit became to scream for attention. She shoved her hand between her thighs, rubbing herself through her trousers in her attempt to gain some kind of relief from the burning sensation she felt down there.

The others watched in silence now, some of them shifting in their seat as if uncomfortable. Brooke forced herself to stand up, wanting only to get the egg out of her before she completely humiliated herself. She frantically tugged at her trousers, pulling them down in her haste to get to her panties. They fell to her ankles but she didn’t care.

She reached for her panties just as the woman pressed another button. The egg inside her began to pulse at an impossible speed. It was all too much for Brooke. She gasped out loud, her hand digging in her panties to find the hoop of the egg. It was so wet and slippery there, she couldn’t grip it and the heel of her palm accidentally rubbed against her clit. She somehow got her fingers round the hoop and pulled, moving the egg towards the entrance of her pussy. The sensations on her labia were like countless tongues licking her and she arched her neck back, crying out loud and losing any self control she had left as it stretched her entrance.

An unwanted orgasm tore through her body at that moment, making her pussy wetter than ever as her clit tingled with delight against her hand. The egg kept buzzing just inside her, prolonging her climax. Her nipples felt rock hard, aching to be touched as they rubbed against her bra, her thigh muscles tensed then relaxed and her bladder let go against her will.

“Oh no,” Brooke muttered as she felt the wetness by her hand replaced by a warm feeling of a spurt of piss leaking from her urethra, filling her panties and dripping through to soak her trousers as they sat at her ankles. She tried to tense up, to hold the rest in but her climax was too powerful and she couldn’t overcome it, especially not with the egg still buzzing inside her. More piss gushed from her, an unstoppable wave now and the entire room could only watch as she stood wetting herself in front of them, her panties dark with wetness and fluid gushing round the edges. The only sound was the buzzing of the egg and the hissing of her pee as it splattered onto her hand, the climax fading at last, leaving her entire body totally drained of energy.

Finally able to gain control, Brooke felt the flow of pee gradually stop as the vibrations of the egg faded away. Without looking at anyone, she grasped the hoop of the egg firmly and pulled it completely out of her pussy, bringing it up past her panties, seeing her juices coated over it as the smell of her pee filled the room.

Totally ashamed, Brooke held out the egg to Alicia who took it from her and placed it back in the box with the remote control. Pulling up her trousers, she felt the warmth almost chafing her legs as she did the button back up and sat down, her panties soaked completely as a few last drops of piss trickled from her ankles and onto the carpet by her feet.

“Well,” Alicia said, breaking the awkward silence. “I think we have a satisfied customer. Who wants to buy one?”

Every hand in the room shot up, except for Brooke who was staring at the floor, her cheeks burning red with shame.

The rest of the book is here.

