Severus Snape and the office chair

Author: Snape

*000*2011-08-07 03:36

This is my first fanfiction I hope you enjoy it. It involves Severus Snape

The hand found its way to the going area and clamped down against the dark jean material.

Upon its skin it could feel the ridges where the jeans were sewn, he rubbed his thumb along the material, pressing it up against the hidden treat inside. The blue office chair provided him with enough secruity and enough pressure to keep his hand in place. He didn’t quiet understands why the school provided him with such uncomfortable seating arrangements; perhaps it was Dumbledores idea of a joke.

His right leg was bouncing up and down as he drew his hands out from under himself then back in, it wasn't masturbation but it felt so good. He knew he could hang on a little longer for he had tested himself before but he was becoming tired of waiting. Desperation wasn't something that easily happened.

The time became to pass and he started to feel the effects of the situation he had forced himself into.

For Severus could have left at any time but he tied his feet to the wheels of the chair slightly stretch so when he had to go there was no clamping of his legs.

But as the time ticked by, and drinking more water it started to happen.

At first Severus grabbed onto his groin and his legs began to jiggle. He was using both hands as his bladder ached to be released. He knew fine well it was going to be satisfying for he had held it all day. Through his potions lessons and in meetings he was sat there with the iron bladder.

He gritted his death as the pain got worse and his bladder wanted to explode but he wasn't going to allow this, not quite yet. He was going to test himself.

It got worse though, he felt his bladder through and his groin felt like it were going to burst out of him. He wiggled his bum about trying to raise himself out of his seat but his legs wouldn't allow him at all. He pushed on his crotch tighter. In his worries and his glee some spurts came from his bladder but not much. There did not mean anything to him.

He began to move about so more, trying to stroke his groin to stop himself, but he wanted to.

He wanted to more than anything. Closing his eyes tightly he released.

It was wonderful; the urine flowed out of the head of his penis and trickled down his boxer shorts so that he felt his arse getting wet. The spreading happened.

It felt wonderful, it felt so warm against the bottom of his thighs then he felt the wet jeans press against the side. His crotch was soaked up, but so was the chair for as it began to spread and trickle down his leg, the urine had stained onto the blue material.

Severus closed his eyes tightly releasing the rest of his urine; he made an 'mmmm' sound hearing the patter of the golden liquid dripping out of the ends of jeans. He was aroused and in heaven. He would let himself go to change himself to get ready for dinner but right now he needed to finish. Next time he might try something a little different.

