Unexpected Desires

Author: Dead because I killed it

*000*2015-02-26 10:14

I'd waited.

Waited so long.

And now... now here it was.

She's coming home.

Home.

Home to me... I couldn't believe how indescribably happy I was... Yes, it had been 3 weeks, but being so long from one's partner you depend on for many things can make one lonely... Things like affection. Many... different forms of affection. But most more innocent.

I'd gotten used to it from her, a soft kiss on my forehead every morning and deeply on my lips every night. Feeling her arms wrap around me when I'm up or down, sick or well, or just needing a hug. Her voice when I call her, her slow, light breaths when beside me.

But along with being with her so much, I now had the tendency to become lonely quite easily in her absence. Curling up in bed on those nights without her, absentmindedly reaching over for her warm touch, only to find her half of the bed empty.

It left me empty inside.

But all that was past now.

We'd been writing near constantly back and forth for days while on her trip. She still somehow managed to always find time for me. I smiled at the thought.

It was Wednesday, 3 weeks after her departure. Wrapped up in fluffy blankets and one of her sweaters, I kept checking my messages, hoping to see her name in my inbox. Then, for a while... nothing. Several hours passed, my tension growing with every second. Suddenly, a beep. I grabbed her phone, and with a lightning fast tap of my fingers, opened the message. "Thank God..."

Her text said that the flight would be at the airport tonight. I squealed with happiness and anticipation upon reading it, embarrassing as that was. Excitedly, I replied that I'd be sure to drive there and take her back home as soon as her plane arrived.

Even though those few hours were nothing, I couldn't wait.

All afternoon, I'd taken my time to set up everything perfectly: The movie I'd rented for us to watch, plans for our dinner that evening at home, which was her favorite, my clothes, (both what I'd wear to greet her, and what to wear later that evening... if all went as planned,) our bedroom made up. Now all that was left was for me to pick her up at soon as she landed.

Without realizing, I'd had much more to drink than intended in my nervous flurry of activity, in preparation for her arrival. But I didn't mind. "I probably need it, anyway. Don't want to get dehydrated." I'd thought, though further inwardly I knew it'd increase the likelyhood of my having yet another one of those frustrating accidents...

I'd hated them. Had them since young childhood. First, it had started when waking up from nightmares, the nightmares were already bad enough but it was made ten times worse to find I'd lost some bodily control in my sleep most likely due to the sheer embarrassment or terror of whatever had plagued my unconscious mind. But it'd only become worse with time. What were once uncommon occurrences of bedwetting shame now invaded my waking hours, too. Nothing ruined my self-confidence and mood quite like having the tension and panic of trying to reach a stall only to feet, or even inches short of my goal. Not to mention my pride, on the times I'd forgotten to bring an extra pair of panties and had to attempt to discreetly cover whatever dripping spot that was left on my clothes...

"I shouldn't be worrying about this." I told myself. "I have better and more important things to concern myself with than the freaking bathroom. Besides, I'm more than old enough, this shouldn't be an issue anymore..."

But it was, though I hated it. Not everything was bad, though. At the very least, she seemed to somehow take some enjoyment or possibly humor out of it, which, I couldn't tell. I tried to avoid her notice when such accidents happened. But she wasn't unobservant, especially of me. Quick to point things out, she'd tease me, asking how I'd managed to be enough of a klutz to spill directly onto my panties. My cheeks burn at just remembering. But still, she'd had a rather odd look in her eye during these small humiliations. I could almost swear it was familiar to me somehow, though I wasn't sure when I would have seen a look like that.

With my thoughts drifting back to her, I sighed in restless anticipation of her call. Curling my hair and pinning it back it just how I'd remembered she'd complimented me for before, I slipped on my short, almost frilly white lace skirt with small pale blue beads sewn at the hem. Before putting on my top, though, I'd... decided I felt a bit... naughty. Looking through my wardrobe, I found a black satin bra, lined with silky red velvet on the inside that curved with its shape. Thin, veil-like trim lined the edges of it, barely obstructing one's view of my breasts. Though not generously gifted, I had enough to call my own that I'd flaunt it for her if the situation so called for it. Pulling out a pair of panties to match, I felt a slight discomfort in my lower abdomen, which increased a bit as I pulled on the underwear.

Forgetting my previous musings on having drunk quite a bit more and the fullness of my bladder, I assumed it to be possibly pangs in my gut due to something else, or simply the tightness of the panties. Whatever it was, it didn't demand my attention right now. I turned to pick up my white halter style top with the gradient hues of blue and small butterfly shapes embroidered on it. It hugged my figure tightly. I wondered how much my bra would show through as I pulled on my sandals and brushed a wisp of hair from my face.

Reaching for my handbag and a bottle of water, I went out the door and slid into the driver's seat of my car, ready to greet my love in a matter of minutes.

... But I would not be ready for the evening that lay before me.

Pulling into a parking spot on the 3rd floor of the parking garage, all my nerves felt tingly when thinking about how to approach her after she disembarked her flight. I also felt a bit tingly elsewhere, which almost hurt a bit, but I blamed my nervousness over the whole event. Taking a sip of my drink, I walked confidently across the pavement.

On the elevator, though, my discomfort grew more apparent as I shifted my weight and bit my lip to keep my mind off the now obvious need I'd ignored this long. But I'd gone a while already, right? A few more minutes couldn't hurt. And I wouldn't even know where to begin looking for a bathroom in this crowded place.

As the doors finally opened, I checked my phone for the flight number. Finding my way over to where the plane had landed, the ever growing pain in my bladder reminded me of the fact I should probably pee sooner than later. But the thrill of seeing her overtook me, and running over, I saw her, back turned to me, gripping the familiar suitcase I'd helped her pack not so long ago. Half shrieking her name, I rushed over and hugged her tightly from behind.

But my face drained as I realized this had been too much for me to take. After all this, the intensity of my squeezing her in delight had also squeezed a trickle of warmth into my underpants. Feeling the wet spot growing, my face flushed with pink.

"It's you! It's you..." she said as she turned to bury her face in my hair. "Ohhhh, how I missed you... I thought of you so much. Every night." She almost whispered, her smile becoming brighter with every word. Putting a bit of distance between us, she backed up to glance at my appearance.

"You're beautiful today... let me get a good look at you." she murmured quietly. Realizing what she was doing and beginning to panic, I quickly turned around and began to intently observe a stand not far away, pointing and commenting on it while praying she wouldn't see the stain. But that proved to be my downfall, as turning around so quickly had caused my short skirt to fly upwards, exposing to her my panties, which despite their black color did not hide the spot that was actually becoming larger. As much as I tried to ignore it, I felt my muscles slowly release, and I internally let out a scream of agony and lost dignity.

"Damn it...!! Of all days, OF ALL TIMES. Why did now have to be when I'd wet myself in public, in front of everyone here?! And in front of her...!"

My eyes began to brim with tears of frustration and humiliation, until I brought them up from their downcast state to look at hers.

To my immense surprise, her eyes seemed to glimmer and widen not in shock or disgust, but what seemed to be... arousal?.....

Her breathing visibly slowed, her tone hushed to an even quieter pitch as she whispered

"Why don't we go find your car...? I'd... love to be at home right now..."

Nodding slightly, I quickly turned and hastened over to the elevator I'd gotten off of, with her in tow, expression still glazed over. Confused, I punched in the floor number as the sleek metal doors slid shut.

My expression still of pondering as I felt her gaze, she apparently couldn't take it any longer, Seizing the few precious seconds we had alone, she reached from behind me to feel the warmth of the still damp area of my underwear. I let out a yelp.

"...?! What are yo-"

The ding of the floor number sounded, and as the doors slid apart, I walked briskly over to my parking space, her closely trailing after.

I slammed the car door shut, slid in my keys and gripped the wheel tightly as she sat down in the passenger seat next to me.

I began with "I want to know exactly what the he-mmfph" before she urgently pressed her lips on her own.

Slowly exhaling, I let him continue the kiss for several seconds before breaking away to look at her face. Her kisses felt amazing after so long a time without them... so warm... and comforting... but as for right now-

"Don't ask, don't think. Just drive us home. Now. ... Please." She added hesitantly, interrupting my racing thoughts. "But wha-"

"Just... do me a favor. Shut up and drive." I blinked. Reaching for the clutch, I backed out slowly, turning into the exit as my heartbeat quickened. What was going on with her, I didn't know, but I intended to find out, soon.

Still cursing my clinging, wet underwear, I pulled into the driveway a few minutes later. Her gaze upon me the whole time had made me actually almost uncomfortable, but out of the corner of my eye I had seen her expression of near dizziness, and hoped she felt alright.

Hopping up the short stairs, I took my keyring out of my purse and stuck the second key into the steel lock with a click. I twisted the knob and flung open the door, twirling into the bedroom and sitting on the bed with a flop. Still a bit uneasy about the way she's been acting, and wondering what being gone for so long might have done to her...

As I watched her enter the room, it sent a shiver down my spine.

First of all, never had I seen such a spark and fire in her eyes before, not even when we had first consummated our relationship.

Secondly, the way she had told me to drive her home and the way she walked over to me now spoke of an urgency and self-confidence unfamiliar to me. She looked extremely aroused, but her face resembled nothing of the submissive, puppy-like expression that she possessed when pleasing me. She looked... determined. More than that...

She pushed up against me with a moan like I'd never heard, sliding a hand underneath the band of my skirt and cradling my crotch, her soft skin against the wet fabric of my underwear.

"I... had something I never told you..." Her voice said huskily.

I swallowed. "W-what... would that...?"

"... I... have a... well, an... extreme... attraction to... this... sort of thing....." She briefly nodded towards her hand down on me.

"I... was... too embarrassed... to tell you... but... seeing you like that... right there in front of me... and your adorable face..."

My heart beat with increasing speed as she moved her mouth to my neck, fingers gently exploring the dampness on me. She pressed her body against me slowly, causing me to lie flat, back against the mattress.

This was not expected.

None of this was expected.

I had planned upon a romantic evening with my lover after bringing her home and having a lovely dinner with just the two of us.

But it seems that plans had changed...

Her lips dragging across the nape of my neck, hand now slipping into my underwear, I quivered and let out a small whimper.

"You know... there are... quite a few... things I haven't shared... about myself..." she said between labored breaths.

"Like...?"

"How... much I don't want this to end... How I want to for once... be in charge... and keep you like... this." She gently rubbed her fingertip around my clitoris, my slender back arching. I let out a soft sound of pleasure, wondering how she'd kept all this in for so long...

I felt myself, still wet from earlier's accident, becoming slicker and warmer with the lubricant that now secreted from me, aiding her fingers.

It was difficult, but she drew back for just a moment and started to pull off my clothes, starting with my top. Her body was tight with desire.

"I... will also warn you now... That I can get... more than a little cruel when I want to..."

I stopped and looked at her questioningly. She unhooked the back of my satin bra.

"No, no, not as in pain... Never. But as in how far I'll go just to get a reaction... be that pleasure..." She moved her other hand towards my breast, my intake of breath sharp.

"Or desperation..." Now beginning to gently take it in her hand, groping and massaging it gently, causing me to mewl.

"Or..... you'll see... But for now, I will please you."

She continued her hand movements on one breast while her warm, pink mouth encompassed as much as she could of the other, suckling upon it. My whole body wracked with erotic bliss, I put my half clenched hands on her small back and began to slowly drag them back upwards.

She bit playfully on my nipple as a hand travelled back down to my entrance to tease me, tracing circles around it. Letting out a moan, I pushed my pelvis against her skilled hand, asking for more. She kept with her light touching, dragging her middle finger back up and down me, and resting her thumb on her clit. "Nnggh..." Licking my lips, I thrust my mouth and tongue upon and into hers, while simultaneously thrusting my hips hard enough her finger slid into her. Sighing in sweet satisfaction, I drew back to look at her with my blushing face... when I realized her expression and body had frozen.

"...... Mmm. Being rather naughty, are we, sweetheart?..." She said in a tone much unlike what I'd become used to.

"I'm afraid... that just won't do. This time... I'd like to play by some rules." She drew back her hands and body from me, leaving me confused, wet and naked upon the bed.

"Firstly... I say when we go further. That is... if we go further... I will set our pace." She moved over to the dresser next to the window as my puzzled look fell upon her. She pulled open a small drawer. "Secondly... Rebelling against my rules and pace will result in some... unpleasant repercussions."

Stunned, I watched as she took out a pair of handcuffs, lubricant and some duct tape, among other items I couldn't see.

"Thirdly... Even if you are my compliant little sex kitten... I may not give you your sweet orgasm, no matter how much you might want it. Unless, that is, you want to try and barter with me for... later favors."

Sweat dripping down my temple, I whispered "What... sort of... favors?"

"Hm... depends. I'm sure you've guessed by now that they're all of sexual nature. But let me be more specific... I'd want some cunnilingus now and then. That's a rarity from you... heh... well, probably no longer... Mmmm... I'd love to see you masturbate. Just for me. You know, I almost caught you doing so a few times, but I never got to really watch you... yes, I know you do so more often than you'd like me to know. But don't worry, I'm assuming nothing, I heard you say my name once." She smiled.

Mind whirling, I let out a small cry. Why was she doing this to me...? "How did you...?"

"But enough of that. Let's make sure you get what you asked for..." Moving quickly to the bedside to ensure I did not attempt to move, she slapped the cuffs on my wrists, clicking them shut.

I began to whimper her name, but barely got out a syllable when I felt something adhesive sealing my mouth shut. "Now, love, we don't want you protesting too much, now do we? Though I do adore hearing those lovely moans, which I'm sure you can manage through that."

I retorted with only a -mmphhh- cursing in my head, yet... feeling a slight touch of euphoria I couldn't quite describe.

"That's better. Now..." Pulling out a pair of underwear I didn't recognize, she firmly pushed my legs apart and slipped them on me with relative difficulty, frowning at my noncooperation. Then I remembered. These were an old pair, back from when we first dated... or even before... She... stole... these...? I didn't have time to further that thought before she began to tie my legs with duct tape, putting me in a compromising position, but not too awkwardly. Just enough to gain access to my sex, and to potentially pull off the underwear. I groaned, slightly in discomfort.

"Ahhhh... of all the things I could do to you......" She spoke longingly. I stared up at her with defeated, broken eyes. "I think I'll... tease you until you wet yourself. But the question is, how full are you...?" She stood thinking for a minute. "I doubt very, at this point. You gushed beautifully earlier... I'd love for you to do so again... on me... I'll come back."

She left the room, humming softly as she went. Leaving me nearly in tears, still stationary but now bound in my position atop the bed. I didn't understand this... Why she'd humiliated me like this... I could only guess what she'd bring back.

Luckily, she strode into the room only a matter of seconds after her departure. Tilting my head up, she slowly peeled back the duct tape as she lifted a bottle of water to my lips. Realizing what she was trying to do, I drank some, but immediately spat it back out.

"My, aren't we a bratty girl..." She pushed it more sternly onto my lips, forcing it to slide into my mouth and down my throat. Not much time passed before I'd almost emptied the bottle. She pulled it back from me. Our eyes met and she cleared her throat as her gaze shifted to rest between my thighs. She demanded I close my eyes, I did, and now felt her touch moving rhythmically across where I was most sensitive. Starting to throb with arousal, I defied her for a minute to look at her pleadingly while I barely rocked myself against her hand. She shook her head and told me to close my eyes again. Once I had, she moved to press directly on my bladder, fingers still stroking me. -Mmmmfff-... I moaned both in pleasure and uneasiness. Her obvious goal was to get it harder for me to hold back. Well, if it meant more of the amazing feeling of her rubbing on my entrance and clitoris, I'd try to hold back...

But my strained face told her it wasn't simply her fingers causing my tension. She simply pressed one hand against my vagina and fingertips down on my abdomen, giggling and waiting for the release she wanted.

Nmmghhh...

I didn't want to give her this satisfaction, all of myself clenched... but my body soon gave out.

My pelvic and bladder muscles released, letting out all liquid from inside me there onto her hands, pouring down the side of the bed. Her breathing became harsh and quick, her hand wildly dancing about on me as I let go everywhere.

She mewled quietly and felt herself tighten inside, growing extremely slick, rhythmically pulsing.

For her, this was almost as good as orgasm.

For me, this was almost as bad as public humiliation...

But as long as she was all over me, I felt... so turned on, and writhed while she pleasured me gently, fingers nearly sliding in as I gushed. As my stream started slowing, my eyes filled with shame connected with hers of ecstasy, begging her to now give me the orgasm she so wanted. -Mmmffff....-

She smiled.

Coming up beside my breast as if to caress it, she then sat up abruptly and left.

Left me there. Wet, swollen, ravished, but not fully pleased, my frustration was nearly at it's peak.

I was close... so close, in fact, I could almost taste it... All I needed was a thrust or two of her slim fingers in me.. In and out... and this nerve-racking, wretched hell of denial would be over.

But no. She just abandoned me, bound and gagged, alone. And after all I'd done for her... All the times I'd given into her desire for sex... Made love to her...

My anger grew hotter within me. When she returned, I would comply, oh yes.

...... I now heard... odd sounds... Coming from the hallway... And what sounded like a moan became louder and louder, until I heard... oh, how dare she.

"How dare she. "

My whole body shook madly.

... Yes, I would comply.

Then my turn would come.

(Written by first girlfriend, who's not even into omorashi, yet was wonderful enough to write this for me.)

