Coming out of the (water) closet - An Omorashi Fiction

Author: GaijinJohn

*000*2012-12-02 07:48

Since we first began playing with omorashi my beautiful wife Kimiko has expressed a strong desire to write omorashi fiction with me, and now she has the opportunity to do so. Since English obviously isn't her first language she writes in Japanese and I translate it into English while embellishing it with more interesting language. Like most writers of omorashi fiction, Kimiko projects her fantasies onto the victim. However, her fantasies differ from mine. Rather than wanting to watch the girl's desperation, or comfort her afterwards, Kimiko wants to be the girl and suffer the humiliation herself. Consequently the girls in her stories often share her characteristics, sometimes so much that she could have just used herself and changed the name. Sometimes she does use herself. Every girl she creates has at least some of her characteristics:

1. Exceptionally beautiful. (Always, otherwise the story wouldn't be arousing. She doesn't need to go far for inspiration, just look in the mirror. If anyone is thinking “lucky bitch”, as some of you probably are, don't think it's always an advantage to be unusually attractive. She gets a lot of unwanted male attention, particularly at her local anime and manga store which is frequented by lots of young male virgins who react to a beautiful girl in a short skirt like an elephant in musth. And trust me, these aren't the sort of virgins suicide bombers await in paradise. But in a fair world, these are the sort of virgins they'd get. Justice, Dante style.)

2. Exceptionally nerdy. (I've tried to explain to her that the average woman doesn't relax by playing Starcraft 2, like most of her female characters do. Her response? “Well, I'm not an average woman, and neither is she.” Her only female friend is Kana, who also fulfils every one of these criteria. They're like identical twins. In fact, lots of people have mistaken them for sisters.)

3. Introverted. (She tried to make friends at school, but her Asperger syndrome made her seem extremely awkward. That combined with her weak bladder and envy for her looks and academic grades made her, along with Kana, a target for persistent bullying by other girls, which turned her away from social interactions entirely. She still hates social occasions with anyone but her friends with similar interests.)

4. Prone to unusual and crazy behaviour. (Asperger syndrome, and her spontaneous nature.)

5. Unaware of social conventions, resulting in embarassing mistakes. (Again, Asperger syndrome. Luckily she sees the funny side of most of her blunders after she's made them, but they still require some explanation. When we were first dating she always gave her true thoughts on me, and made no pretences otherwise. Since no one, including Kimiko, would say I was good-looking, she made a lot of very unflattering but very funny comments about my appearance. Since the comments were being made by a beautiful girl whom I loved, and they were without exception true, I thought her honesty was cute. If the genders had been reversed things may not have worked out so well.)

6. Enjoys food, but somehow remains slim and sexy. (This is probably because she mainly eats traditional food, which is much healthier than Western fare.)

7. Knows nothing about fashion, and doesn't care. (Though she wears a skirt about 97% of the time and she likes putting flowers in her hair, she really isn't very interested in traditionally feminine pursuits. She detests cosmetics and high heels, and sees shopping as a chore. She'd much sooner be playing Magic: The Gathering with other like-minded nerds, or working. “Working, I get money. Shopping, I lose money. Guess which one I prefer!”)

The point of that verbose disclaimer was that Kimiko's ideas may seem a little strange to those of you not familiar with the workings of her imagination, or the rules (so many rules) of Magic: The Gathering. I have convinced her not to make too many in-jokes and references to avoid alienating the audience, including me. In practice this usually means we write together, and I interpret things into a form more comprehensible to non-nerds (or at least people who are less nerdy, like me – you have to be a bit nerdy to be here).

Before each chapter we shall post a brief disclaimer stating the contents of each chapter: obviously “female omorashi” is going to appear a lot, but there will be other, less conventional content, such as “yuri”, “bondage” and, regrettably, “non-consensuality”. If you feel uncomfortable with any of this content, skip the section at the expense of understanding the plot (there will be one).

A pointless note: Kimiko is bisexual. This doesn't hinder her from being a faithful partner, but it does explain the strong yuri themes of the story.

Another pointless note: Kimiko is a dedicated brony (she thinks the term should apply to anyone outside the target demographic, not just men), and enjoys MLP with the children. Her interest is completely innocent - there will not be any MLP Rule 34 in this story, but several characters share her interest.

Yet another pointless note: all names will be in the Oriental order, with surname first. Since this website has a Japanese name, I doubt any of you will be ignorant enough not to know that East Asians have their names in the reverse order, but we had to be sure.

A final note: This story is very plot-heavy. The omorashi and sex scenes are interspersed with long sections of dialogue. Do not expect constant arousal.

WARNING: EXTREME NERDERY AHEAD.

Kimiko attacks me with her “Teal deer”, an unblockable blue creature. Since I have the “Logorrhea” artifact, permitting me to write verbose and meandering passages with little relevance to the topic, this deals me 1337 damage and I lose the game.

“Wait, Kimiko, that's not allowed in the rules!”

“What's Rule 1 of Magic The Gathering?”

“You do not talk about Magic The Gathering?”

She sighs. “No. If cards and rules conflict...”

“...the card always wins. I know. So why do I have to learn the rules?”

She sits back in exasperation and rolls her eyes. I am now forced to begin the story.

If you got that joke, Kimiko salutes you. There are lots more like it to come.

And now, FINALLY, the story begins.

Chapter 1

Contains female desperation, wetting and mild humiliation. (Shocked silence)

Also contains flippant criticism of Kǒng Qiū.

Miyazaki Haruko stared attentively at her laptop screen, and the game of Starcraft 2 open on it. The fingers of her left hand darted around the keyboard, while those of her right controlled the wireless mouse she had on the table. As Terrans she was embroiled in a battle of highly tactical micromanagement with her Protoss opponent, and was slowly gaining the advantage thanks to her mistressry of hotkeys and her consequential ability to continue to expand her base and army while engaged in battle. She slowly forced him/her back towards his/her initial base while her Medivacs prepared to deploy a strike force to destroy his/her probes. Within seconds of the force landing, most of the protoss player's probes were obliterated and he/she gracefully conceded the game. (I'm now longing for a gender-neutral pronoun in English.)

Emerging from her Starcraft trance, she picked up her Nexus 7 (PRODUCT PLACEMENT FTW!), which was lying on the table next to an empty cup of coffee, and dutifully checked her e-mails. She still mainly relied on her secure e-mail client for communication. She had new messages. In addition to the usual promotional offers from Steam and other gaming websites, there was a message from her husband Kei, titled “Shopping.” She opened it. The mail read:

“Haruko,

I know this is patronising, but the shops close in an hour. If you're sitting in a cafe playing games or reading manga, as I strongly suspect you are, then I suggest that you get moving soon, or we won't have anything for dinner.

Regards,

Kei.”

She looked at the clock on her Nexus 7. 20 minutes had passed already. She needed to move quickly. She shut down her laptop, which took much longer than it needed to owing to her using Windows. At that moment she really wanted the Steam client for Linux to be released a little sooner. (I warned you this was going to be very nerdy. It was co-written by Kimiko, after all.) She folded up the laptop, put it along with her Nexus 7 in her bag, put the bag across her shoulder and stood up.

Over time Haruko had perfected the art of spending as much time exploiting the free internet access and oppurtunity to read manga in peace that this cafe offered while spending as little as possible. Balancing her work as a computer technician with looking after 2 children, her husband and the house was hard work for a 25-year-old woman, and sometimes she needed a few hours to be her naturally nerdy self. She would enter, buy a black coffee, sit down on a comfortable chair by herself and relax with the manga she had brought in her bag, or open her laptop and immerse herself in gaming and anime. If anyone asked her to leave, as they often did after a while, she would buy another black coffee and drink it very slowly.

Sometimes she only had 1 or 2; other times, like today, she had more. The cafe was very busy today, and the staff were very impatient. Today over the course of 2 and a half hours she had drunk 5 cups, and her bladder was starting to feel it. She put her left hand on the front of her skirt as she felt the urge which her focus on Starcraft 2 had previously suppressed. She walked towards the women's bathroom, which was only 1 cubicle, and leant against the wall. The cubicle, as usual, was engaged. She crossed her slender legs, laid both hands over the front of her skirt and gently bounced up and down while contemplating her figure in the reflective surface of the opposing wall.

Haruko was a complete nerd; that was without doubt. As a computer technician it was a necessity. But that did not stop her from being one of the most sublimely beautiful girls that you could ever hope to see, even in Japan. She was short, at 1.6 metres (although, as Kimiko repeatedly reminds me, this is above average for a Japanese woman), and her figure was slender and curved, but in a healthy way, not like the anorexia-inducing models seen in fashion magazines. Her breasts were small – about a B-cup size – but this is completely normal in Japanese women, and they perfectly suited her figure. Although her body was scintillatingly sexy, the finest thing about her was her face. It bore an innocent, childlike expression in its perfectly proportioned features, and showed its natural beauty thanks to a complete lack of cosmetics. Her hair was dark and finished at about shoulder level, and her eyes were deep brown. Her skin was between white and yellow, and was smooth and soft to the touch.

Obviously Haruko didn't much like being touched by strange perverts, but in a country where chikan are ubiquitous that is sadly inevitable.

Today, as always, Haruko was dressed casually. She wore a dark jacket over a T-shirt adorned with the cast of MLP:FIM. The jacket was both to keep warm and to avoid her telling the entire world “I'm a brony!” every time she stepped outside – even in Japan where women acting below their age is more acceptable, she still got some strange looks from older people. On her lower half she wore an indecently short denim skirt finishing about halfway down her thigh, and brown flat-heeled leather boots reaching up to just below the knee. She detested high heels, and could barely walk upstairs in them. Though she was obviously unable to see this in her reflection, she was wearing white cotton panties. In her ideal world she would have gone commando, but in a skirt as short as hers that is asking for trouble.

If you really want to picture Haruko in both appearance and personality, take Kimiko, change the first 4 letters of her name and you're done. Almost everything we've said so far about Haruko, including her exploitation of cafe services, is also true of Kimiko, and her appearance is identical.

After about 3 minutes of waiting, Haruko was becoming as impatient as the shop assistants who had repeatedly asked her to leave, each time with greater annoyance as she went back for one more coffee. She really did need to go, and there were no signs of activity from inside the bathroom. She began to pace up and down the small corridor, pivoting on the heels of her boots. Eventually she stopped, knocked on the door and politely asked:

“Can you please be quick? I really need to use the bathroom.”

There was no reply. She knocked again.

“If you're conscious, please say something.”

There was still no reply. She stamped her foot in frustration, then leant against the wall again and looked at her watch. 10 minutes had passed, though her desperation had made them feel like 30. She only had half an hour until the shops closed. Desperate or not, she had to start walking now if she was going to be eating anything fresh for dinner. She squeezed her legs together and briskly walked out of the cafe, her boots making loud clacks as she stepped onto the pavement. Behind her, the shop assistants breathed a mutual sigh of relief.

She needed to inform Kei that she was on her way. Besides, sending a message would briefly take her mind off her bladder. She took out her Nexus 7, opened her e-mails and composed a brief reply.

“Kei,

I'm on my way to the shops. You don't need to set rabbit snares.

Regards,

Haruko.”

She sent the message, put her Nexus 7 back in her bag and continued to stride down the pavement. To distract herself from her bladder she contemplated her Starcraft 2 strategy. She reached a road crossing and stopped. While she was moving her urge was manageable, but as soon as she tried to stand still it became impossible not to squirm. She put her hands over the front of her skirt and paced up and down until the light turned green, then hurried across the road and continued walking. The coffee she had drunk was rushing through her faster than she had thought possible and her bladder was becoming more painful by the second.

She hadn't been this desperate for months. Suddenly her desperation grew so intense that for a brief moment she thought she was about to wet her panties. She let out an anguished squeal, stopped, bent over forwards and shoved her hands into her skirt. She then bounced up and down for a few seconds before finally rising to lean against a tree, with her legs tightly crossed, panting like a puppy. A mother and her young son were standing beside her, both looking surprised.

“Mother, I think that lady really needs to use the bathroom.”

“So do I.” They both walked on, the mother eyeing her with disgust. Haruko blushed and looked down.

As her desperation slowly returned to bearable levels Haruko slowly pushed herself away from the tree and began to walk again, slowly at first, but then with increasing speed until she was once again striding towards the local supermarket which stood across the road from her current location. She overtook the mother and boy again before stopping at the road crossing. Why did the light have to be red now? She shuffled from foot to foot and squeezed her legs even tighter. While she didn't like looking like a fool, she would look even more of a fool with urine streaming down her legs, so she shuffled and squirmed like only a desperate woman can.

Suddenly she experienced another excruciating spasm even worse than the one she felt before, and lurched over whimpering. Her anguished brain played with the idea of just letting it all flow down her legs, but she quickly suppressed these urges. She, a computer technician with a husband and 2 children, couldn't just pee herself on the main road 200 metres away from a bathroom. She willed herself to stand upright and once the lights turned green was once again hurrying across the road towards the supermarket. She constantly reminded herself that relief was only minutes away, but that only seemed to make her desperation worse.

When Haruko finally reached the supermarket, she looked at her watch. Despite walking much faster than she normally would do, she only had 10 minutes left before closing time. That wasn't long, but she had more urgent needs which needed to be addressed NOW. She span on the flat heel of her boot and strode down the aisle towards the toilets. When she finally saw the sign, she sighed with relief and relaxed a little. Unfortunately for her, and fortunately for the readers, her sphincter also relaxed a little.

She bent over and squealed again, using all the force she could muster to clench it tight and keep her panties dry. Her hands were pressed so tightly into her groin that she felt like she was trying to push her vagina through her head, and she bounced and writhed in the unmistakable manner of a woman seconds from wetting herself. As she slowly struggled to bring herself upright, trembling from tension, she saw that most of the customers in the shop were staring at her, including the mother and her son.

“Do you think that lady's going to have an accident, Mother?” he asked.

“No, I'm not!” squealed Haruko. “Stop looking at me!” Her voice was quavering, and her eyes were welling with tears. Though her panties were still dry, she wasn't sure that she could keep them that way until she got to the bathroom. No, she could. She was an independent, adult woman. She wasn't going to humiliate herself in front of all these people. She was going to get to the bathroom with her underwear as immaculate as when she stepped out of the house 4 hours ago. She tentatively moved one trembling foot forward and placed it on the ground. She shifted her weight forward, then slowly did it again.

She then stepped forward again and again, each time slightly quicker and with a little more confidence. The tears subsided, but the urge grew stronger and stronger. She didn't have long before the next spasm, and when it came she probably wasn't going to be able to hold it all back. She needed to move faster. Behind her a man emerged from the men's bathroom and stopped to look at her. Like most of the crowd surreptitiously watching her, he had no interest in omorashi; he was just interested as to whether this young lady would win the battle against her bladder, and was silently encouraging her as she walked while pretending not to watch and continue with his shopping.

One of the crowd, however, was not a passive observer. A smartly dressed and stunningly attractive young woman of similar age to Haruko moved through the crowd towards her. She shared Haruko's perfectly proportioned facial features and sublimely toned body, but stood slightly taller at 1.65cm. Her hair was shoulder-length and black, like Haruko's, and her eyes were of similar colour. Anatomically she looked like Haruko if she was a little taller, but there was a distinct difference in her deportment and dress.

She held herself upright like a soldier, and had a more dignified manner about her, though it did not take much to appear more dignified than Haruko at this moment. She wore a smart brown jacket with a plain white shirt underneath, and a short black skirt finishing just above her knees, which was held tight by a belt with an unusually large buckle. Her boots were almost identical to Haruko's – while they were still brown and flat-heeled, the soles were raised a little off the ground, making her appear even taller than she was. She also carried a commodious shoulder bag, but from a much more expensive brand.

Haruko did not see this woman approaching, since she was too focused on reaching the bathroom in dry panties. She only had a few metres to go until she reached the door. Her toned, sexy legs were quivering from tension, and she was unsure as to how much longer she could keep them tense. She tried to clear her head and formulate a strategy. Having used these bathrooms many times before she knew that after she walked through the door she still had a few metres to go to reach the actual cubicles. She had to be very careful not to lose control when she took her hands out of her skirt to open the door. She would pull out 1 hand, shove the other between her legs and squeeze. She rehearsed the movements in her head.

If the sign to the toilets had made her subconsciously relax, what would the sight of an actual toilet do? Maybe she should pull down her panties as soon as she entered the bathroom, in case she spurted on the way to the toilet. But what if another woman saw her? If she spurted in her panties, she'd probably get sympathy. If she pissed all over the floor with her panties round her knees, she'd just look like a freak. What she knew for certain is that she had to decide NOW.

What decision she would have made, and whether it would have saved her panties and her dignity, is moot, since at that moment she was interrupted by the young woman described a paragraph ago.

“Madam, I need to talk to you.”

Haruko replied without even looking back.

“Not now! I'm about to wet myself!”

“Madam, this is urgent.”

“Not as urgent as my bladder! Wait for me!”

With those words Haruko sped even faster towards the door, which was now only a metre away. As she did so she felt 2 hands grab her shoulders and spin her round. She shrieked, instinctively raised her hands to defend herself and landed with her knees bent inwards, in what karateka such as myself would describe as a sanchin-dachi. (Translation – useless stance which will destroy your knees.) She looked at her assailant in shock, then looked down, then up again. Her eyes filled with tears again.

As she had spun round she had felt the warmth exploding into her panties, and now she felt the near-orgasmic relief as the urine she had fought to contain cascaded down her quivering legs. But she did not feel remotely relieved. She, a successful working mother, who had succeded in building a career for herself in the midst of a recession, was wetting herself like an infant in public, and she was powerless to stop the flow. Tears flowed down her flawless face and dropped into the puddle of urine growing beneath her. The young woman looked down in mild disgust as the puddle spread round her shoes, then looked up at the distraught Haruko again. Her face now bore an expression of sympathy and compassion.

“I'm so sorry, madam. I didn't realise you had to go so badly. It's just that I have something very important to tell you and-”

“Fuck off!” squealed Haruko, covering her face with her hands, as if she could block people from seeing her by blocking herself from seeing them. “Leave me alone, you bitch!”

“I said I'm sorry, and I really do have something important to tell you. I-”

“I don't care! You made me pee myself!”

“I'm sorry, madam, but what I have to tell you is more important than your panties.”

Haruko raised her head. The stream of urine flowing from her skirt had ceased, and both women were standing in her lake. Her skirt was wet in a V-shape between her legs.

“What is it, then? What's more important than my personal dignity? Clearly you know much more about my rights than I do.”

“Madam,” she whispered, “I think someone may have cracked your bank account.” (Kimiko is one of the few people who still insists that “hacker” is a compliment.)

“What! How do you know?” Haruko was screaming now, but the other woman reamined calm.

“Let's go to the bathroom and clean you up. We'll talk there where no one can overhear us.”

Haruko pulled her legs together and felt her sodden panties squelch against her genitals, and her wet skirt cling to her legs. Her bladder was still aching from the ordeal it had suffered.

“I can clean myself up, thank you! I'm not a child!”

“Well, you certainly sound like one.”

“I reckon you'd sound the same if someone had made you pee yourself in public!”

“Quiet, madam, please. And please stop cursing. There are small children here.”

Haruko looked at the shocked face of the small boy who was still watching her, and remembered her own children. She regained a little composure, and breathed deeply. The other woman spoke again.

“I am very sorry about what I did. It was stupid and rash.” She reached into her bag and pulled out a pack of tissues and a clean pair of black panties. “Here, take these and clean yourself up. I always carry them in case I have a heavy period.”

Now, I know that a considerable portion of the audience will be staring at their screens in disbelief. “Women in erotic fiction don't have periods! Where did you get your inspiration from, John and Kimiko? Real life?” Unfortunately, yes, we did, and as all you men should know, a woman having a period is a good sign, since it shows youth and fecundity. So DON'T COMPLAIN, or you will confirm your status as a crying potato (Kimiko's name for the “Forever Alone” face).

Haruko took the tissues and panties and put them in her bag. “Thank you,” she said, in genuine surprise.

“From “fuck you” to “thank you” in a minute. You do have a volatile temper.” She paused and looked thoughtful for a few seconds. “May I come into the bathroom with you? We really need to talk in private.”

Haruko looked up and down her. She looked like a civil young lady, although her request was distinctly creepy.

“Alright, then. But don't get creepy.”

She laughed. “What makes you think I'm creepy?”

“Your request is a little unusual, that's all.”

“Come on, then,” she replied. “Let's get you cleaned up.”

The woman took Haruko's soft hand in hers and began to walk towards the bathroom.

“You don't need to hold my hand – what's your name?”

She released her grip and turned round.

“Noda Tomoyuki. What's yours?”

“Miyazaki Haruko.”

Tomoyuki pushed open the bathroom door.

“After you, Haruko.”

Haruko stepped through the door, her panties squelching between her legs as she walked. She still had tracks of urine down her legs, and tears down her face. A woman in her 50s stepped round the corner from the basins and looked at Haruko with a mixture of pity and revulsion. She walked round her, opened the door and looked upon the lake of pee on the floor. She looked back at Haruko with a concerned expression, then back at the urine.

“Don't worry, madam,” said Tomoyuki. “Haruko just had a little mishap. She's going to clean herself up.”

The woman quickly departed the bathroom and edged round the pool with her back to the wall. A young male cleaner was standing on the other side, marvelling at its size.

“Whoever made this puddle must have a bladder the size of a watermelon,” he muttered, before lowering his mop and beginning the business of cleaning the mess.

Back in the bathroom Haruko was crying again. Tomoyuki stood closer to her, and placed Haruko's head on her shoulder.

“Come on, Haruko. Let's get you clean, at least.” She led her round the corner, opened a cubicle door, moved her inside and closed the door. “Now, let's see the damage.” She surveyed Haruko's beautiful body, then turned her around and surveyed her rear. “Are your feet wet, Haruko?”

Haruko nodded. “Well, it looks like you're going to need a change of everything on your lower half, and even my period isn't that heavy. I'm going to have to buy you some new clothes.”

“Thank you,” said Haruko. “But what about my bank account? Weren't we going to talk about that first?”

“Of course we were,” said Tomoyuki. “I'll tell you as you clean yourself up.”

Haruko took out the tissues, opened the packet and began to wipe her legs, dropping the sodden tissues in the toilet.

“Take your boots off,” Tomoyuki suggested. Haruko squatted down and squeaked her feet, clad in short socks which had been white but were now dyed yellow, out of her boots. She pulled off her socks and held them in her hand.

“Put your wet clothes in here,” said Tomoyuki, pulling out a plastic bag from her shoulder bag and placing it on the floor. Haruko wrung her socks into the toilet and put them in the bag, then poured the urine in her boots into the toilet and put them in the bag as Tomoyuki began to speak.

“I know it seems unlikely, but I'm actually a complete nerd,” she began, “and when I saw you playing Starcraft 2 in the cafe I sat behind you so I could watch over your shoulder. You played one of the best matches I've seen in a while – you're much better than me. Anyway, there was a man in his mid-30s sitting on the table next to me, and he was watching you as well. I thought he must have been admiring your skill as well, so I thought little of him. Once you closed Starcraft 2 my attention returned to the manga I was reading. A short while later he got out his tablet computer and leant a little closer to you. I glanced round, and saw that you were checking your e-mails. This seemed harmless enough at the time.

After you left the cafe, I stood up to go myself, and as I walked past I saw that he was checking his e-mails. Being the curious person that I am, I looked a little closer, and saw that the account belonged to a woman named Haruko. He then proceeded to look through messages from her bank before accessing her bank account. I politely asked him what he was doing, and he told me that it was his wife's account which she had given him permission to use, and it was none of my business to be watching him. I realised that he might have copied your e-mail password, and so I sought to find you. I tried sending you a message, but I suppose I was blocked as spam, so I went after you in person. I had to run to catch up with you – you were walking very quickly! - and I stopped you as soon as I caught you. You need to cancel your cards, and you need to do it now.”

Haruko stood shocked, still wearing her soaked skirt and panties, as Tomoyuki told her story. Now her mind was clearer her memory was returning. When she had gone for her fifth coffee there had been a stunningly attractive young woman and a thirty-something man with glasses sitting behind her. The story might be true. She had to check. She got her Nexus 7 out of her bag again.

“I'll turn away while you enter your details.”

Tomoyuki turned round and let Haruko stab her banking password in. She waited in suspense for several seconds before checking her recent purchases. At the top of the list, above the 5 coffees, were new purchases: subscriptions to a website. Haruko was blissfully unacquainted with the seedy underside of the Web, but she knew that a subscription to “sexygirlsomorashi.jp” (not a real website to our knowledge) was unlikely to be one she wanted on her bank statement. “Bullshit!” she cried.

“What's happened?” asked Tomoyuki, highly agitated. “How much has he spent?”

“Only 1000 yen, on some disgusting porn website. But he has my details. I'll call my bank at once.”

Irrelevant etymological interjection: I've always wondered why “yen” has a silent “y” on the front of it. Most silent letters are etymological leftovers, and this is also true for “yen”.

“Yen” derives from the Chinese “yuán”, meaning “round”, which is also the root of the Korean “won”. Since the “y” in “yuán” in pronounced, the “y” in “yen” was originally pronounced as well, and when the first Europeans arrived in Japan they also pronounced the “y”. When the Japanese stopped pronouncing “e” or “we” as “ye” across most regions, Europeans stopped Romanising it as “ye”, except in the word “yen”, which was already in widespread use. That was totally irrelevant to the story, but I just enjoy thrusting my love of oriental languages on you. That's one of the main reasons I moved here.

Being a complete and total nerd, Haruko had enabled her Nexus 7 to send and receive telephone calls. (Kimiko has done the same.) She dialed her bank's number, then looked up at Tomoyuki.

“Tomoyuki, please could you leave me while I call the bank? I'll need to answer security questions.”

“Fine,” said Tomoyuki. “Actually, I'll go and get you some clean clothes while you're calling.”

She opened the cubicle door and walked out. Haruko closed the door and began the call. A female voice with a strong Běijīng accent answered:

“Hello, this is Customer Support, how can we help you?”

“I'd like to cancel my cards, please.”

“What's your name, madam?”

“Miyazaki Haruko.”

“Miyazaki Haruko. OK, we need to ask you some security questions.”

Haruko might not have been very careful with her e-mail password, but her security questions were very secure, and very idiosyncratic. The woman's voice clearly had a tone of surprise as she read them.

“Which colour is your favourite in Magic: The Gathering?”

“Blue.”

“What is Goku's power level?”

“Over 9000.”

“In your opinion, what is the best video game ever made?”

“Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time.”

“Thank you, madam. Finally we need to ask you for your telephone banking PIN.”

She gave her PIN.

“Thank you, madam. We'll cancel your cards at once and send new ones to your address within 2 working days.”

“Thank you. Goodbye.”

She lowered her Nexus 7 and breathed a sigh of relief. At least she'd stopped him from using her money for his erotic entertainment. But he had access to her e-mail! All her security measures were useless when he could just read the password over her shoulder. He'd almost certainly have changed it. Now he could download all her Steam games...She had to change the e-mail and card number on all her subscriptions. She was going to have a stressful evening. Her discomfort was worsened by the fact that her urine-drenched panties were beginning to irritate her tender skin. She heard the clacking of Tomoyuki's boots on the floor, and looked round the cubicle door to see her coming.

“I've bought you some clothes,” she said. She was carrying a short denim skirt identical to the one Haruko was currently wearing, a pair of black socks and a pair of boots.

“How did you know my shoe size?” asked Haruko.

“It says on the inside of your wet boots,” said Tomoyuki. “I'm very observant.”

“How much did it cost? I'll pay you back.”

“You don't need to. I should have let you go to the bathroom. It's my fault you had an accident anyway. Did you cancel your cards?”

“Yes. But I still need to change my details on Steam, and all my other subscriptions.”

“The shop was supposed to have closed a while ago. They're staying open until you clean yourself up. Get your clean clothes on, then we'll go somewhere else and finish talking.”

Haruko reached up under her skirt and grabbed her sodden panties. “Aren't you going to look away?”

“Of course.” Tomoyuki turned around.

Haruko put her Nexus 7 back in her shoulder bag. She then pulled off her panties and put them in the plastic bag, then removed her skirt and did the same before mopping herself clean with tissues and pulling on the black panties she had in her bag. They felt much softer than the white ones she'd been wearing before. She pulled on her skirt over her panties, fastened the belt, then dropped the toilet seat, sat down and put on her socks and boots. She stood up, opened the cubicle door and turned 360 degrees. She looked exactly the same as when she first left the house, save for the red tint in her eyes from crying so much.

“OK, Haruko. It's time to go. The shopkeepers are becoming impatient.”

The 2 women walked out of the bathroom together.

“Tomoyuki,” asked Haruko, “is there any chance I could buy some food before we go? I promised my husband that I'd get dinner.”

“You've got a husband? You're quite young for that. He's a very lucky man.”

“I've been married since after I left school. We have 2 children at school. If either of us is lucky, it's me. Kei is the kindest and most handsome man you could ever hope to meet.”

(While Haruko is basically Kimiko with a name change, Kei is quite different from me. I like to think I'm a kind man, but no one is going to feature me in an erotic fiction, not even my wife.)

“Whatever works for you. I'm just surprised that a woman in this age would choose to marry so young.”

“Lots of people are. Sometimes they think I'm my children's sister.” She laughed. “But can I get some provisions?”

Tomoyuki looked at the distinctly irate staff.

“I say no. Let's go.”

She led Haruko outside.

Haruko stood by Tomoyuki and crossed her arms. She looked annoyed.

“So now what am I going to get for dinner? I told Kei that I was going to get something, and now all the shops have closed.”

“You could always get a take-away,” she suggested. “I'll pay if you want.”

“I guess so. Why do you want to pay for so much? Do you have a very lucrative career?”

(I know this is an unusual question to ask a new acquaintance, but Haruko, like Kimiko, has Asperger syndrome and doesn't know. Kimiko also asks questions like this sometimes.)

“Haruko, that's not a very polite question to ask someone, especially not someone you've just met.”

She dropped her head, and swivelled her left knee inwards. She'd been rude again. Kei often reminded her about that, and her habit of pacing up and down while waiting. “Sorry. I didn't mean to be rude. I have Asperger syndrome.”

“Oh, that's fine. I know you didn't mean it. I'm just guilty that I made a fine young lady like you humiliate herself, that's all, and I want to repay you.”

“You don't need to feel guilty. I'm glad you came after me. Who knows how many porn sites he would have subscribed to if you hadn't. Now, let's get that take-away, then I'll go home, feed my family and start changing my Steam details.”

They began walking towards the nearby Chinese restaurant.

“Since you're interested in my career,” said Tomoyuki, “I'll tell you what I do. I know it seems unusual, but I'm actually a computer programmer.”

“So am I!” said Haruko, her voice laden with excitement.

“I'm not surprised, really, judging by how good at Starcraft 2 you are,” said Tomoyuki.

“Do you use Linux?” asked Haruko.

“I dual-boot Ubuntu and Windows. I'm waiting for the Linux Steam client to launch before switching completely.”

“I use Arch and Windows. I'm also waiting for the Steam client.”

“What do you do exactly, then? Programming's a big field.”

“Well, I suppose I'm really more of a technician. Programming's more something I do for fun. I sort out people's computer problems. They bring their computers to me, and I fix them.”

“Are you self-employed, or do you have a boss?”

“I work together with my friends. Everyone's equal, men and women, and we're all paid depending on the amount of work we do. With the children, I have to be flexible. I worked this morning, then I took the afternoon off. I don't earn a lot, but it's enough to support me and my nerd habits, and treats for the children. Kei's income covers most expenses.” (Kimiko has the same work situation.)

“Sounds like a good career. What does your husband do?”

“He's a policeman. He has a day off today, so he's relaxing with the children while I relax with my games and manga. He's also a reservist in the Ground Self-Defence Force.”

“Well, that's quite a career. I just do odd programming jobs and website designs. You can make a surprising amount of money, but I'm not telling you exactly how much.”

Tomoyuki pushed open the doors of the Chinese restaurant and they both walked in. Inside the air was much warmer than outside, both from the central heating and the heat of the ovens. They joined the back of a long, slow-moving queue. Haruko took out her Nexus 7 and dialled Kei's number.

“I need to ask Kei what he and the children want for dinner. Normally I'd send an e-mail, but since that dickhead cracked mine I can't.”

“OK. I'll keep quiet.”

Haruko commenced the call. She heard Kei's voice.

“Hello? Miyazaki Kei here.”

“It's Haruko. I've decided I'm going to get a Chinese take-away. What do you and the children want for dinner?”

There was a brief silence.

“Well, Haruko, I wasn't expecting that. Have you bought supplies as well?”

“Sorry, no.”

“Well, we've got enough for breakfast. That's fine. I'll ask the children what they want, then I'll mail back the order.”

“No, Kei, can you call me please?” Haruko's voice was clearly agitated.

“Why shouldn't I mail you, Haruko?”

She knew he would ask that. She closed her eyes, took a deep breath and told the truth.

“When I was in the cafe, someone looked over my shoulder and copied my password. Now he's cracked my e-mail. He only spent 1000 yen before I cancelled my cards, and I'm changing all my details. You don't need to worry. I'll be more careful in the future.”

Kei sounded worried. “Are you sure you're alright dealing with this by yourself, Haruko? I am a policeman, remember.”

“Of course I can! I am a computer technician, remember.”

“Fine. I'll call you back. Goodbye.”

“Goodbye, Kei.”

Tomoyuki was looking at her, perplexed.

“You haven't told him what's on the menu.”

“He has a copy of the menu at home.”

Tomoyuki unbuttoned her jacket and put it under her arm.

“Why don't you take your jacket off, Haruko? It's very hot in here.”

“I'm fine.”

“No, look, your face is red. Here, just undo a few buttons.” Before Haruko could stop her, Tomoyuki undid the top buttons of Haruko's jacket. A smile broke on her face.

“You're a brony! I'm liking you more every moment!”

“Um, yes,” said Haruko, deeply embarrassed.

“If you're embarrassed about being a brony, why did you wear a My Little Pony T-shirt into town?”

“I wear it round the house, and I wasn't expecting someone to unbutton my jacket and display it to the world,” she said, buttoning her jacket up again. (This is the unusual and crazy behaviour that Kimiko also displays sometimes.)

“Being a brony shouldn't be something to be ashamed of. I reckon we should have a Brony Pride march.”

Haruko smiled. The 2 teenage boys walking past her looked at her face very strangely, before returning to salaciously gazing at her and Tomoyuki's perfect legs.

“So, are you going to report this to the police, or deal with it yourself?” asked Tomoyuki.

“I'll probably deal with it myself, although Kei will want to tell Ai and investigate it with her.”

“Who's Ai?”

“A police colleague and friend of Kei's. She's a very tough girl – there's a lot of sexism in the police force, and not many people thought she could tackle criminals on the street, but she's one of the best officers in the city. She's a kind girl, too. She could kick me to Korea if she wanted to, but she's one of the most understanding people I know. That's what makes her such a good officer, I suppose. She takes time to understand people and their problems. She can fight like an onna bugeisha (samurai woman who fought to defend her castle, for those not familiar with Japanese history) if she has to, but she prefers to do things peacefully.”

Tomoyuki listened with genuine interest, slowly nodding her head. “Is she pretty?”

Haruko looked surprised. “Yes, she's very beautiful.” Her expression turned sad. “That's probably why she got the job in the end.”

“If they gave police jobs on looks, you'd be a superintendent.”

Haruko laughed. “So would you. I'd be useless in the police. As soon as anyone tried to resist arrest I'd run away wetting myself.”

“You wouldn't be a beat officer. But I reckon your skills would be very useful behind a desk.”

“Maybe.”

Haruko heard her ringtone, the Legend of Zelda theme tune (which is also Kimiko's ringtone), coming from her Nexus 7. It didn't have a vibrate function, but Haruko didn't mind, not even when her husband was ill. (Yes, we're really that dirty.)

“You have the Legend of Zelda as your ringtone? I love you!” said Tomoyuki, clearly excited. Haruko giggled. She accepted the call.

“Hello, Haruko speaking.”

“Hello, Haruko. 3 fried rice, 1 gōngbǎo jīdīng (spicy chicken stir-fry)and 1 huíguōròu (twice-cooked pork stew). You have what you want.”

“Thanks. Goodbye.”

“Goodbye.”

“Look, Haruko. It's our turn at the counter now. You order for yourself and your family, and I'll order for myself.”

Haruko and Tomoyuki walked up to the counter. An elderly Chinese woman with a distinct Guǎngdōng accent spoke to them.

“Hello, what do you want?”

Haruko smiled and made eye contact, as she had learned to do. (Kimiko had lots of trouble learning to look at people when talking to them.)

“3 fried rice, 1 gōngbǎo jīdīng, 1 huíguōròu and 1 zhāngchá yā (marinated duck smoked over tea leaves and camphor twigs) please.”

Tomoyuki then spoke. “1 fried rice and 1 fūqī fèipiàn (tripe), please.”

“Go and sit down,” said the old woman brusquely, fulfilling the traditional stereotype of Chinese people. The 2 women went and sat down on 2 chairs by a table.

“I know the staff are rude, and you have to wait for a long time,” said Haruko, “but the food is delicious, and good value for money.”

“It's good if there's a long wait. That way it means the food hasn't been stored at room temperature.”

“True.” She paused. “I suppose I'd better create a new e-mail account.”

“Good idea.”

Haruko created her new account while Tomoyuki looked at her.

“So, you're a gamer. What are you playing at the moment?”

“Starcraft, Minecraft. And this MMO shooter called Planetside 2.”

“I play Planetside 2 as well. What faction do you fight for?”

“New Conglomerate. You?”

“Vanu Confederacy. The alien laser weapons were irresistible.”

“It would be strange if I'd actually fought you before. What server do you play on?”

“Helios. American server.”

Tomoyuki shrugged. “I play on Alkali. Australian server. No chance we've met each other.”

Haruko composed a brief message to send to her contacts.

“Someone saw me typing my e-mail password over my shoulder and cracked my account. He subscribed to a porn site using my bank account and may now be sending you unpleasant e-mails. Please remove my old e-mail account from your contacts and add this one.

Sorry for the inconvenience,

Haruko.”

She sent the message.

“Tomoyuki, you know how that porn site was called “sexygirlsomorashi.jp?”

“Yes.”

“Does that mean it's a porn site all about girls wetting their panties?”

“Yes, it does. Some people enjoy watching pretty girls like you wetting themselves.”

“Well, if whoever subscribed to that website followed me, he'd have burst his flies.”

Tomoyuki laughed. “More than burst his flies. He'd have splattered the entire building with semen and impregnated every woman between 15 and 50.”

Haruko looked at her in disgust.

“Sorry, I have a very dirty sense of humour. You wouldn't expect it from a cute girl in a skirt, but then you wouldn't expect a cute girl in a skirt to be a computer technician, either.”

Haruko quickly changed the subject.

“No. And neither do some of our male customers. When I talk to them about fixing their computer problems, some of them laugh and say that I can't do a man's job. I tell them that if they think they're better than me, they can do it themselves. That tends to persuade them. Sometimes they do try to do it themselves. One man tried to clean his computer with a wet cloth! Obviously he destroyed it.” She shook her head and smiled.

“There's still a big problem with sexism in this country. Our glass ceiling is double-glazed.”

Haruko laughed. “I've actually decided I'm going to reverse my life. Most people get their career sorted, then have children. Since I had mine so young, I'm going to go to university and have my career once they've grown up.”

“Sounds sensible, as long as they don't stay at home until they're 35.”

“They won't. As you will probably have deduced by now, I'm not a Confucianist. I'm kicking them out after university, and they'll be glad to go.”

“Kǒng Qiū was a jackass. His philosophy appeals to emperors and the men on top of the social pyramid, and that's why it's so popular. The sooner we throw his ideas away, the better.”

“I can understand why it's stayed, though. If I was Empress Haruko, I'd probably find it more appealing, if I took out the sexist bits.”

“As in, all of it.”

“True. I can't really imagine Confucianist feminism.”

“Neither can I. Maybe it's an oxymoron.”

(In Oriental languages, particularly Chinese but also Japanese, an oxymoron can be created by putting opposing characters together. An obvious example is the Chinese 陰陽, “yin and yang”. This concept doesn't really translate into English. Please remember this is a translation from Japanese, albeit a very loose one.)

They both laughed.

“What would you do if you were Empress Haruko?” asked Tomoyuki.

“I'd focus on getting equal oppurtunities for women in this country. Establish better childcare, and crack down on sexism in the workplace.”

“You're very mature. I'd just enjoy myself.”

“How?”

“I'd have a Michelin-starred chef cooking all my meals. And I'd make myself exempt from the speed limit, and build an extra lane on every road just for my Bugatti Veyron. And I'd make it so any man who made a sexist comment would have to run round his local area dressed in women's underwear.”

Haruko laughed.

“You might be dirty sometimes, but you are funny.”

“So are you.”

There was a long pause while both women looked at the table.

“Do you know any other geeky girls?” asked Tomoyuki. “Apart from me.”

“Yes, I do,” said Haruko. “My best friend Tomoe is as geeky as I am. She works at the computer repair shop with me.”

“Is she pretty?”

“Yes. Extremely pretty. Our male clients show a lot of interest in her, as they do with me.”

Tomoyuki nodded. “People often assume you can't be nerdy and sexy at the same time. When I say I'm a gamer, or a programmer, they think I'm joking, because I don't “look nerdy.” They think I'm one of those office girls whose only job is to look cute and smile.” She stared out of the window. “I couldn't bear working in an office. The patriarchy would make me so angry I'd kick someone in the balls and get sacked on the first day.”

“I wouldn't like to work for a big company either. In our business men and women respect each other, and we're all friends. Tomoe and I both have children, so we can only work part-time, but our work allows for that. We can take computers home and fix them, then bring them in the next day. Work and family aren't mutually exclusive, as some men would like to believe. I suppose it helps that I have 2 children – twin boy and girl – and they play together, so I only have to supervise them and stop them from throwing things at each other.”

“They probably don't really believe it. They're just using it as a reason why women shouldn't take their jobs.”

“Sexism's stupid, really. Our population's aging, our workforce is shrinking and our immigration policy is conservative. Our fertility rate is plummeting because women think they can't have children and work at the same time.”

“Sexism's stupid anyway. Out of all the reasons not to hire someone, “you don't have a penis” is quite weak.”

“I guess it's about emasculation. Some men don't want to take orders from women, because that compromises their masculinity. They've never met my mother.”

“Was she strict?”

“No, she's very kind and progressive. But she didn't mindlessly obey anyone, certainly not my father.”

Their mediation on sexism in Japanese society was halted by the old Chinese woman behind the counter.

“You 2! Your food's ready.”

They both got up and walked over to the counter.

“That's 2600 yen.”

Tomoyuki took out her purse, counted out 2600 yen and handed them to the woman.

“Thank you.”

The food was in sealed containers. Tomoyuki took hers, put it in a plastic bag and put the plastic bag in her bag. Haruko checked hers and put them in a plastic bag. There was no room left in her shoulder bag to fit the food, so she carried it in her hand.

“Well, I guess I'd best get back to Kei and the children. I'm sad I pissed myself, but I'm really glad I met you. You're awesome.”

“Thanks. Why don't you add me to your contacts before you go?”

“Of course! I'd love to.”

They walked back to the table. Kimiko got out her Nexus 7. Tomoyuki dictated her e-mail, Torchat ID, Skype account, Steam name and Minecraft account. (To those of you wanting to add Kimiko on Steam, she only adds people she knows in real life. Sorry.) Finally she gave her telephone number.

“Here's my number. So call me maybe?”

Haruko did a perfect Captain Picard facepalm.

Both women walked outside.

“Despite referencing an intensely annoying meme, you're still the most – well, only – awesome girl I've met since Tomoe. And that was in primary school.”

“Thanks. Not many women say that. Most just think I'm a geeky weirdo.”

“Most women are boring. They'd prefer to go shopping than play Magic: The Gathering. I'd say that's weird.”

“I play Magic: The Gathering too!” Tomoyuki was highly excited.

“Your awesomeness is going to make me wet myself again if I stay here any longer! I'd better go home before my food gets too cold. After we've got the children in bed and changed my Steam details I could probably set up a conference call on Skype with my friends.”

“Sounds fun! I'll be waiting.”

“Goodbye!”

“Goodbye.”

Haruko walked away in a much better mood than she had been when she left the house, and certainly in a better mood than she had been having just wet herself. Was wetting herself in public worth meeting Tomoyuki? Actually, yes, it was. She would have preferred to have met Tomoyuki and kept her panties dry, but she probably wouldn't meet another woman like her for years. She was only the second female friend she'd made in her entire life, and that was something special. Besides, Kei didn't have to know she'd wet herself. Her skirt was identical to the one she'd gone out in, and if she changed her panties before he could see them he'd never know. She'd still be the strong, independent female whom she wanted Kei to think she was. Everything was going to be fine.

Of course, it wasn't.
